
Omensent
Birth of a Dragon Lord


 
Book one of the Dragon Lord Series
by
Barry A. Gibbons II


Omensent
Birth of a Dragon Lord
Book one of the Dragon Lord Series

by
Barry a. Gibbons II

Copyright © 2005/2011 By Barry A. Gibbons II

Smashwords Edition

License Notes

This Smashwords Edition ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the author's work.

Omensent
The Dragon Lord Series

Omensent
Birth of a Dragon Lord
Book one of the Dragon Lord Series

****
Omensent
Rise of the Shadow Dragons
Book two of the Dragon Lord Series

****
Omensent
Wrath of a Dragon God
Book three of the Dragon Lord Series

****
Omensent
Revealing the Dragon
Book four of the Dragon Lord Series

****
Omensent
Princess of Dragons
Book five of the Dragon Lord Series

****
Omensent
Dragons Falling
Book six of the Dragon Lord Series

Prelude


The shadowy figure stood motionless in the darkness staring up into the night’s sky, contemplating the events that led up to this momentous night. He had spent the last two decades studying ancient texts, experimenting with rare and exotic magic long forgotten, and gathering the necessary ingredients to complete his masterful plan. It had taken several years of traveling to the most remote locations in the world, often placing himself in mortal danger to obtain his treasures, and many more years of trial and error to perfect his formula, and now, he finally stood on the brink of realizing his dreams!
After everything had been prepared, and the necessary ingredients had been gathered, he and his half-wit servant, Drok, journeyed into the heart of the Godstear Mountains so he could complete his work, and take his rightful place as the most powerful sorcerer that had ever lived!
He now stood in the center of an open clearing patiently waiting for the moon to rise. His long black satin robe billowed and flapped in the brisk mountain breeze, revealing the pale, nearly colorless flesh that lay hidden beneath. His weathered face was expressionless, like a granite mask. His flowing black hair was tied back in a long ponytail that reached the middle of his back, blending almost perfectly with his soft satin robe.
He remained motionless; his dark, malevolent eyes stared unblinking as he gazed into the heavens. He was so entranced by the beauty of the glittering stars that he scarcely noticed as Drok hesitantly approached, not wishing to disturb his master as he prepared himself for the complex series of spells he intended to perform.
The sorcerer finally drew a deep breath, and then exhaled heavily. “It is time to begin.”
He slowly turned and walked over to a small wooden table that his servant had erected at his command and knelt down, carefully adjusting his robe so it wouldn’t wrinkle. He made a curt gesture to Drok, who quickly brought forth an elaborately engraved pewter bowl which he placed in the center of the table, and a black silk pouch that was tied shut with a thin red cord.
The sorcerer carefully untied the cord from the silk pouch and gently withdrew a glass vial that was filled with dark red dragon scales, a small bundle of Dragon’s Bane, a plant rumored to grow only upon the deathbed of a dragon, and a small flask of dragon’s blood, which he had obtained from the body of an ancient beast that had been slain by a group of mercenaries.
The sorcerer mumbled a short incantation, and the pewter bowl began to glow with an unearthly light, illuminating the small clearing.
Drok gasped in astonishment, drawing a snarl from his master for breaking the silence. For a moment, he feared he had displeased his master, whose patience was short, and who was quick to deal out punishment, but the sorcerer seemed to turn his attention back to the glowing bowl. He breathed a silent sigh relief, then froze in terror as his master suddenly spun in place and seized him by the throat. Wave upon wave of pure energy suddenly tore through Drok’s body, causing him to twitch and convulse in incomprehensible pain, until finally, mercifully, the darkness overtook him. When the sorcerer finally released him, all that remained of the apprentice was a charred and smoking husk.
The sorcerer turned back to the glowing bowl satisfied that he would not be disturbed any further. He could not afford to be interrupted once he began the complex series of spells that he was preparing to cast, and the loss of his idiot servant was a small price to pay if he was successful.
He gently opened the vial of dragon scales and examined each for imperfections or signs of scale rot, then once satisfied they were acceptable, he placed them in the glowing bowl. He then selected several leaves of Dragon’s Bane, tore them into tiny pieces, and sprinkled them over the dragon scales.
Opening his robe, he carefully withdrew an enormous, magnificently cut ruby from an interior pocket, and held it up to the moonlight. It was flawless, sparkling with a brilliance rarely seen in a stone. He had searched for years to find a gem of such amazing quality before finally discovering the ruby in the lair of an ancient dragon. The creature was so old and decrepit that it didn’t notice the theft of its treasure until long after the sorcerer had fled.
With a trembling hand, he gently placed the ruby in the glowing bowl and carefully opened the flask of dragon’s blood. He paused momentarily to draw a deep calming breath. The next step was crucial, and there wasn’t any room for error. He carefully began to murmur the complex spell, quietly at first, and then slowly growing louder as he felt the magical energies build around him. As he neared the end of the complex spell, he slowly began to pour the dragon’s blood into the bowl. The blood hissed loudly, and then began to boil as it covered the bowl’s contents.
He finished the incantation that he had worked so long to perfect, then stepped back and watched in satisfaction as the bowl began to grow brighter and brighter until he was finally forced to shield his eyes to avoid being blinded.
A hush seemed to fall over the tiny valley, and even the wind blowing through the trees seemed to pause. Suddenly, an intense shaft of blinding light shot from the bowl and up into the sky, turning night into day. It could be seen for miles, and the entire mountain range seemed to fall eerily silent as the strange light began to pulsate with an almost hypnotic quality.
The sorcerer stared up at the sky with an exulted expression. “It has begun!” His triumphant laughter echoed throughout the otherwise silent mountain range.

**********

She slept peacefully, stretching nearly the entire length of her subterranean lair, resting comfortably on the cool stone floor. Her precious treasures lay scattered about the cavern floor in glittering heaps. Lumps of pure gold, huge uncut gems, and massive chunks of raw jade were heaped in piles throughout the cavern. A hoard to rival that of any kingdom, gathered together, then hidden away from prying eyes. She had spent her entire lifetime hoarding and collecting her treasures, though she found no real value in the trinkets. She just found them pleasing to look at.
She possessed the wealth of kingdoms, but she never worried that thieves might discover her treasure. In fact, there was very little in the world that could cause her worry. Her name was Tempest, and she was the largest, most powerful of the ancient magical dragons. She was the most feared creature in the world, and she was content in her glory.
Like most dragons, Tempest chose to remain aloof from civilization and the ways of man, choosing a life of solitude and contemplation. There were a few dragons, however, that took an active part in the events of the world, joining with humans or elves or dwarves in various wars and battles. Still others spent their time terrorizing isolated farm communities, destroying crops and devouring livestock for amusement. But for the most part, dragons chose to keep their own company.
Tempest had never seen any benefits in becoming involved with the events that shaped mankind. The lifespans of humans, dwarves, and elves were quite short in comparison to the lifespan of a dragon. The average dragon could live for tens of thousands of years, far longer than any other creature on the planet.
So she chose to remain apart from the world, not really caring what transpired outside of the Endless Forest, which concealed the entrance to her subterranean lair. She left only occasionally to hunt for food, or to just stretch her wings and feel the flow of the wind traveling over her massive scaled body, otherwise, she was content to remain in her lair, enjoying the treasures that she had gathered over the eons.
A small shadow suddenly appeared at the entrance to her lair, pausing only for a moment before moving closer towards the enormous dragon’s slumbering form. It crept silently closer, and then paused to admire the magnificent scarlet serpent as she slept.
“Welcome, friend Dar.” Tempest’s deep voice boomed, echoing throughout the cavern. She opened a huge eye and fixed it upon her unexpected visitor. “It has been quite a while since you last visited. How have you fared?”
The small figure stepped from the shadows, revealing a human-like child of about five years. He was thin, even for a child, with a wild shock of curly red hair, and pale skin dotted with multiple freckles. His eyes were a piercing blue and held a wisdom that spoke louder than words that he was no ordinary child.
“I’m well, Tempest, my friend.” Dar smiled. “It’s good to hear a friendly voice.” Though Dar looked like most any other child, he was, in fact, an Alena, a childlike sprite distantly related to the elves. His was an ancient race whose lifespan rivaled those of the dragons. The Alena and the dragons had always had a close relationship, though there were very few of the childlike sprites left in the world.
The great scarlet beast stretched her enormous body, and her strong ropey muscles rippled beneath her thick scaled hide. Her huge sail-like wings brushed the walls on either side of the cavern as she stretched, scattering her treasures carelessly across the stone floor. “And how does the world fare on this beautiful summer night?” She asked as she settled down before her tiny visitor. 
“It’s quiet.” Dar replied, settling down on a large block of raw jade. “You can hear wolves howling from ten miles away. The moon is full, the stars are shining, and the night is alive with energy.”
“The last time we spoke, you were preparing to pay a visit to your cousins, the elves. I gather it didn’t go as planned?”
Dar snorted and rolled his eyes. “It proved to be a hopeless cause. The elves are going to continue to isolate themselves on that rock they call an island and ignore the world around them. Ever since they discontinued relations with the dwarves they have become a closed society, although a few families have broken free and have settled here and there. They, of course, are now considered outcasts, and are forbidden to return to the island.”
Tempest chuckled a deep rumbling chuckle that echoed throughout the cavern. “So, what made you decide to visit me instead of enjoying this beautiful night?”
Dar’s face fell. “Something is bothering me. Everything seems peaceful enough, but something just doesn’t feel right. I was wondering if you sensed anything unusual?”
Tempest closed her eyes in concentration, then after several moments, she grunted and shook her head. “I can sense nothing strange. Is it possible that it is something else that is bothering you?”
The childlike sprite shrugged his tiny shoulders. “I don’t know what it could be. Something just feels… wrong.”
Tempest started to reply, but suddenly reared grabbing her head, then she screamed in pain. 
Dar scrambled back from the thrashing dragon in surprise. “Tempest! Wh-What is it? What’s wrong?”
If Tempest heard his cry, she gave no indication. She stumbled and clawed her way towards the cavern’s entrance with the tiny Alena following cautiously behind calling frantically to his friend. She lunged through the entrance of her lair and threw herself into the air with a single thrust of her enormous wings.
Dar jumped and grabbed hold of her long whipping tail as the great serpent launched into the air, then carefully struggled his way up the spiked tail and between the furiously beating wings to a spot near the dragon’s shoulders.
Tempest did not seem to notice that she had a passenger. She seemed entranced, ignoring Dar’s cries and pressing on relentlessly. They flew with blistering speed over the Endless Forest where they made their home, then passed over the northern edge of the immense stretch of woodlands and continued over the stagnant and stinking swamp that bordered the forest.
It wasn’t long before they reached the southern shores of the Misty Lake. Tempest didn’t hesitate as she plunged into the swirling cloud of mist that had hung over the lake for untold centuries. 
Dar was forced to hold on with all the strength he could muster to avoid being swept from the great serpent’s back by the powerful wind currents that swirled above the lake. He was soon dripping wet and shivering from cold. Tempest was pushing herself as hard as she could, and he could clearly hear her massive heart pounding with exertion. Her breaths were coming in huge gasps, but she still pressed on towards her unseen destination, driven on by some irresistible force that seemed to obliterate all thought.
They soon emerged from the swirling mist and Tempest continued without hesitation over the rolling grasslands of the nomadic tribesmen, the Deola.
Several hours had passed since they had so abruptly fled Tempest’s lair, and the huge dragon still showed no signs of regaining her senses. The world below seemed a blur as they shot through the air, and Dar began to grow tired from his struggles to keep his seat between Tempest’s massive shoulders.
The ghostly shadow of the Godstear Mountains suddenly loomed into view through the darkness. Tempest seemed to double her efforts and began rocketing through the narrow canyons and over treacherous cliff sides at breakneck speed. They rounded a peak near the heart of the mountain range to find the sky lit by a bright pulsating beacon of light which seemed to be emanating from a small valley far below. The light throbbed with a strangely hypnotic quality as it lit the sky, and the waves of power that flowed from it caused the tiny hairs on the back of Dar’s neck to stand on end.
Tempest flew straight for the shaft of light, ignoring Dar’s frantic pleas for her to land. The sound of the beacon’s call pounded her senses, drowning out all thoughts and sounds. All that mattered was that she reached the strange pulsating beacon. It called to her, drawing her closer with its irresistible pull, and the great scarlet serpent found it impossible to ignore its call.
As they drew closer to the light, another dragon, a large dark red male, appeared from the darkness and began to circle the pulsating beacon. It abruptly veered from its circling and flew directly into the light where it instantly vanished without a trace.
Dar gasped in shock and horror. He could not believe what he had just witnessed! He renewed his efforts to bring his friend back to her senses, but she continued to ignore his cries.
Tempest began to circle the shaft of light as two more dragons appeared from the darkness only to disappear into pulsating beam. Banking sharply, she suddenly flew directly towards the beacon, unable to resist its call any longer.
Dar called out to her one last time, and then threw himself from her shoulders. Twisting as he fell, he watched in horror as Tempest disappeared into the light. He cried out helplessly, not wanting to believe what was happening around him. He twisted back around to see the treetops below rushing to meet him, and quickly threw out his arms and legs in an effort to slow his descent. He willed his body to become as light as the air around him, and immediately began to slow in his free-fall until he was floating gently towards the trees below. 
As soon as the treetops were in reach, he threw out his arms and grabbed a sturdy branch, then flipped back into the air like an acrobat and snatched hold of another branch on a neighboring tree. He scampered nimbly down the tree to solid ground and paused for a moment to get his bearings, then sprinted off in the direction of the pulsating shaft of light.
As he drew closer to the source of the strange light, he slowed cautiously and melted into the shadows to avoid detection. The intense brightness of the beacon of light forced him to shield his eyes, but he was able to make out a black-robed human standing before the source of the throbbing light that had just claimed his friend.
Dar could only watch helplessly as hundreds of dragons disappeared, one by one, into the light, until it seemed that virtually the entire race had vanished from existence. Finally, as dawn approached, the shaft of light began to fade, leaving only an eerie silence in its wake.
The childlike Alena was forced to allow his eyes to adjust to the sudden darkness before venturing out into the clearing, but by that time it was already too late. The dark robed figure was nowhere to be found. Dar searched the entire clearing, but all he found was the charred husk of a young human male, and fresh claw marks in the soft dirt near the edge of the clearing resembling the tracks a dragon would leave behind as it launched itself into the air. He desperately searched the brightening skies for any signs of a dragon, but saw nothing.
Sinking to his knees, he began to weep uncontrollably. Eventually, exhaustion overtook him, and he finally lapsed into unconsciousness.

**********

The dark sorcerer rode atop the shoulders of a mighty scarlet dragon high above the Godstear Mountains, basking in his new-found power. He now had complete control of the most powerful creatures in the world! They were enslaved inside of the ruby, which harvested their magical life essence to be used by whoever possessed the enchanted gem.
The spell he had created had worked far better than he could have ever dreamed. He had expected the incantation to attract only a few of the great scaled serpents, but virtually the entire species had been drawn to him, only to be trapped inside of the huge ruby which he wore on a thick gold chain around his neck. 
Laughing with insane glee, he ordered the beast on which he rode to dive down and destroy a small peasant village below. The mighty beast roared in hatred and outrage, trying desperately to fight the uncontrollable impulse to follow the sorcerer’s command, but the sorcerer grabbed the glowing ruby and drew upon its power to force the snarling beast to obey his will. The enormous dragon screamed in helpless fury, then dove at the cluster of tiny grass huts and their unknowing occupants, breathing its terrible fire. The screams of pain and horror from the terrified peasants echoed through the mountains, accompanied by the sorcerer’s malicious laughter and the dragon’s roars of indignation.
Once everything had been laid to ruin and the occupants slaughtered, the sorcerer ordered the great serpent to land in a small secluded clearing and slid from its massive shoulders.
The mighty beast whirled around to face its captor, snarling in outrage. “Who are you, human?” She demanded, her whip-like tail lashing out and shattering a boulder, reducing it to dust. “What have you done to me? What have you done with my brothers and sisters?”
Ignoring the towering beast, the sorcerer casually walked over and settled on the soft moss that blanketed the earth beneath a large oak tree. “You will stand watch as I rest.” He ordered the dragon, closing his eyes in exhaustion. It had taken an incredible amount of energy to perform the incantation, and he desperately needed to rest and replenish his energy. He knew that the enormous serpent could easily rip him to pieces, but he wasn’t concerned. The spell that enslaved the dragons was from the most ancient of magic and could not be broken. The beast hadn’t any choice but to obey his commands as long as he possessed the gem.
When he awoke several hours later, he opened a large sack that hung from his belt and produced a heavily-seasoned haunch of deer, and a rawhide flask of wine. He took his time as he ate his breakfast, his cold calculating eyes lost in thought.
The dragon watched in seething silence, wanting nothing more than to destroy its captor, yet helpless to act. 
When he was finally finished, the sorcerer tossed the scraps aside, then rose to his feet and carefully brushed his robes clean. He glanced over at the dragon, who stared at him menacingly. “What are you called?” He demanded, ignoring the look of death in the dragon’s eyes.
The dragon growled a deep rumbling growl, and sooty smoke curled up from her nostrils, then after several long seconds, she sullenly grumbled. “Tempest.” She snarled angrily once more. “Who are you? Why have you done this?” The enormous beast’s massive body trembled in fury. 
“Silence!” The sorcerer roared, staring at the helpless beast with contempt. “You will speak only when commanded to speak!” His eyes bulged insanely. “I am known as Balik the Sorcerer, and I am your new master!” He paused for a moment to allow this statement to sink in, and then continued. “I hold in my hand,” He held the glowing ruby aloft for Tempest to see. “half of the most powerful object in the world. It is of my own creation. Inside of this wondrous gem is your entire species. Every dragon alive, large and small, young and old is now trapped inside of this beautiful stone. It harvests their magical life essence and stores it for my use. It now controls you, and every one of your kind. I call it the Dragon Gem.”
Tempest recoiled in horror. “You must be mad! You cannot do this!”
Balik laughed malevolently. “But I already have. We will now depart for my keep, and then, once I have sent you to join your brethren, I will continue to the town of Crete, where at this very moment, a master swordsmith is putting the finishing touches on the Dragon Gem’s counterpart, the Dragon Sword. The sword is the key to unlocking the gem’s full power. It has been crafted from the purest steel, infused with the most ancient of magic, and quenched in the blood of a dragon. Once the sword and the gem are joined, the gem’s full power will be unlocked and mine to control!”
Tempest snarled in rage, causing the sorcerer to fall into another fit of mocking laughter.
“Yes, my scaled slave.” He sneered imperiously. “Thanks to you and your kind, this world will be mine to control, and nothing will be able to stop me!” He cackled insanely. “Now, bow to your new master!”
The mighty scarlet dragon screamed in helpless fury, her entire body trembling with uncontrollable hatred. She wished nothing more than to rip this puny human to sheds, but the power that the cursed gem had over her was undeniable. Almost without even realizing it, she lowered herself down to allow the sorcerer to scramble atop her broad shoulders, and then, once he was settled, she launched herself into the air with a powerful thrust of her massive wings.
They flew southeast over the mountains until they reached the foothills that separated the Godstear Mountains from the rolling grasslands of the nomadic Deola, then the sorcerer ordered Tempest to settle down in a courtyard outside of a forbidding keep that had been built of diseased-looking blocks of limestone. There weren’t any windows decorating its exterior, and there appeared to be only a single ornately-carved arched doorway leading inside.
Balik climbed down from Tempest’s shoulders, and then looked back at her with supreme contempt. “I must go to retrieve the Dragon Sword. It is almost time for me to take my rightful place as ruler of the world.” He laughed insanely. “You will rejoin your brethren now, slave. Be sure to inform them all that they now serve me.”
“You’ll never get away with this!” Tempest snarled. “One day we will be released from our prison, and then you shall pay for what you have done! This I swear!”
“I doubt that very much.” The sorcerer sneered, raising the Dragon Gem in one hand. A shaft of crimson light suddenly shot from the gem and engulfed Tempest. When it vanished, so had the great scarlet serpent.
Balik quickly turned and approached the entrance to his keep and was pleased to find that there weren’t any charred corpses decorating his doorstep. He was forced to secure his home from intruders, and often discovered the remains of would-be burglars lying about.
Sorcerers were viewed as evil, disreputable creatures that were shunned by normal society. Hated and feared, magic-users were forced to take special precautions to protect their lives. There had been numerous attempts made on his life over the years, some by assassins hired by various people who feared his power, others by warriors looking to make a name for themselves. He once had an entire mob of angry peasants lusting for his blood. He was rarely disturbed after the bloodbath that occurred that evening, though he still found the occasional burglar that had discovered the hard way that one should never enter the domicile of a sorcerer without invitation.
He quickly negated the enchantments that protected his home, and then entered the forbidding keep. He paused for a moment and made a strange gesture. The torches that lined the main corridor suddenly burst into flame, lighting the musty unadorned hallway, and revealing a number of arched doorways.
At the end of the long corridor stood an elaborate black marble staircase that led to the upper floors of the huge keep. But instead of heading up the staircase, Balik went through one of the arched doorways and into his large study, firmly latching the door behind him. He knew that no one could possibly enter his home without his knowing, but was not one to take chances. 
He approached one of the many large wooden bookcases that lined the walls of the room and mumbled a short incantation. The bookcase suddenly swung free from the wall, revealing a narrow winding staircase that led deep into the bowels of the keep. He quickly descended the stairs to the huge room that served as his laboratory, and then paused for a moment to look around.
The walls of this room were lined from floor to ceiling with shelves and bookcases that were literally overflowing with old books, moldy scrolls, and ancient parchments. In the center of the room was a large oak table, its surface cluttered with jars filled with strange, unrecognizable creatures suspended in a yellow-tinged fluid, beakers that were filled with foul-smelling substances, and long test tubes filled with bubbling liquids. Against the far wall sat a large stone desk that had been painstakingly carved from a single block of black marble.
Balik crossed the room and removed the gold necklace from which the Dragon Gem hung, gently placing it atop the desk. Kneeling down, he carefully pried loose a stone from the floor, revealing a small hidden compartment. He took the gem from the desk, paused for a moment to admire its breathtaking beauty, then gently placed it into the compartment and replaced the stone.
He had decided early on in his plans not to take the Dragon Gem with him as he traveled to retrieve the Dragon Sword. The temptation to join the sword and gem may prove to be too great for him to resist, and it would take an immense amount of effort to control the power that would be unleashed. He wanted to be sure that he was safe from prying eyes and unwanted distractions before attempting the last phase of his plan.
He immediately started back up winding staircase, eager to retrieve the Dragon Sword from its creator.
It hadn’t been easy to locate a swordsmith skilled enough to undertake the crafting of such a superior sword that would also be willing to do business with a sorcerer. Most common folk refused to have any dealing with magic-users whatsoever. But after searching far and wide, he finally found a dwarf whose skills were renowned, and who was also willing to deal with a sorcerer, for an outlandish price, living in the nearby town of Crete. The short, thickly-muscled dwarf was a distinctly unpleasant character who was rumored to dabble in the Dark Arts, so he was able to understand the complex and detailed instructions he needed to follow when crafting the Dragon Sword.
After he had given the dwarf the instructions and necessary ingredients, including a large barrel of dragon’s blood in which the sword was to be quenched, he gave the dwarf half of the agreed price and promised to return in two weeks. 
Balik quickly made his way out of his keep, pausing only for a moment to replace the enchantments that protected his home, and then set off on foot to the nearby town of Crete.
Crete, a small, insignificant little town full of small, insignificant people, was separated from his isolated home by several miles of forest with a single overgrown trail that was rarely ever used. Balik almost never visited the town, whose superstitious inhabitants were terrified of the mad sorcerer, and the villagers never traveled more than a few miles into the forest in fear of crossing his path.
It was nearly midday when he finally emerged from the forest and reached the edge of Crete. He crossed a small wooden bridge that spanned a swift flowing stream that bordered the town, and quickly made his way towards the dwarf’s workshop, ignoring the looks of fear and disgust that he received from the townsfolk.
The dwarf’s shop was near the town's center, as were a number of other merchant’s shops, though the dwarf’s establishment was a great deal shabbier than any other building nearby. The whitewash that the builder had generously applied to the stone facade was peeling and had long turned to a dingy gray from the fumes and soot that poured continuously from the forge’s chimney. A rickety cart stood outside, broken and obviously forgotten, and a number of rusty tools lay scattered about the area carelessly.
Balik cautiously entered the smithy and paused to look around. It was completely dark inside of the shop, save for the fire that raged in the forge, and it was stiflingly hot. Standing next to the forge was the dirty, soot-covered dwarf, who stood staring back at the sorcerer with fearful eyes.
The dwarf was taller than most of his kind, standing nearly four feet tall, with thickly-muscled arms that were covered in hundreds of deeply-pitted scars from a lifetime of working at the forge. His long gray hair was oily and matted, and he had a great shaggy beard that looked as though it had never seen the likes of a comb.
The sorcerer slowly walked across the shop, his eyes gleaming eagerly in the dim light. “Where is my sword?”
The dwarf gulped audibly, then hurried over to a workbench and gently lifted a wrapped bundle, which he quickly brought to the sorcerer.
Balik snatched the bundle from the cringing dwarf and tore off the wrapping, an insane look in his cold eyes. He gasped in awe at the sight of the flawless sword. It was superbly crafted, and radiated with power, seeming to almost possess a life of its own. The hilt was crafted in the image of a dragon in flight, its wings forming the hand guards, and its long tail curling to form a setting for a gem of exceptional size.
The sorcerer examined the setting closely, checking for even the smallest imperfection, then turned to stare at the trembling dwarf. “It is perfect! You have done well. For that, I’ll allow you to live.” Without another word, he turned and left the terrified dwarf, tossing a large pouch of gold coins onto the floor on the way out.
He quickly made his way out of town, pausing only once at the bridge to glance back to make sure he wasn't being followed, and to make a mental note to return one day soon to lay waste to the offensive little village. 
He continued his way towards his isolated keep, eager to put his plans into action. When he reached the forest that separated his keep from the village, he allowed himself to relax, sure in the knowledge that he was now the most powerful man in the world. He had traveled the path through the forest countless times before and had never once encountered another traveler on the trail. Everyone knew that it led to the mad sorcerer’s keep and were sure to keep well clear of the area.
He followed the trail deeper into the forest, debating with himself which continent he should conquer first. After much consideration, he finally decided to begin with his homeland first, starting with the huge mining colony of Galanras, whose rich mines were known to produce the purest gold in the world. 
Balik smiled to himself. Galanras would be an ideal place to begin his campaign. It would provide him with the funds to supply an army of massive proportions. His eyes gleamed as thousands of possibilities ran through his mind. Soon, the entire world would be at his feet! He quickened his pace, eager to begin his plans.
He was almost halfway through the forest when he stopped, staring intently into the surrounding forest. He suddenly had the most eerie feeling that someone, or something, was watching his every movement. He waited for several moments, but saw nothing out of the ordinary. He decided it was just his imagination, and started back down the path, then heard a strange twang echo through the forest. 
He suddenly realized that there was one fatal flaw in his otherwise flawless plan. He had to stay alive long enough to complete it.
Those were Balik’s final thoughts as he fell to the ground, his heart fatally pierced by an arrow.
Everything fell silent in the forest for several minutes, then a misshapen pig-faced creature emerged from a grove of bushes and cautiously approached the dead sorcerer. 
The troll, standing nearly eight feet tall, had a thin skeletal frame wrapped in tawny muscle, and was garbed in a tattered hooded robe that covered most of its face. It nudged the dead sorcerer with a toe, checking for any signs of life, then, satisfied he was dead, it began to rummage through his belongings. It squealed with delight at the sight of the superbly-crafted Dragon Sword, and quickly discarded the crude blade it had carried. It finished stripping the corpse of everything valuable, then disappeared back into the forest, leaving the sorcerer's body to rot on the forest floor.

Chapter 1

Lord Michael Steelheart, Lord and Guardian of Castle Rosewood, sat silently in his study, staring out of the window over the small town of Sevria. Sevria was a prosperous town located in a thickly-wooded valley deep in the heart of the Godstear Mountains. It was one of many small towns that dotted the large mountain range, with a blacksmith shop, several inns, and numerous merchant booths where people sold goods from all around the world.
The most noticeable feature about the town was Castle Rosewood, a formidable-looking fortress named for the bright fragrant flowers which grew around the castle's base in abundance. It stood towering over the village, a place of refuge from the vicious creatures that lived throughout the wild mountains.
Lord Michael was quiet as he stared broodingly over the small town, his thoughts flashing back to the horrible night that resulted in his beloved wife's death. Her death had shattered his heart into a million pieces, leaving a dull aching void that seemed to grow heavier as each day passed. It seemed like only yesterday when he first looked into her eyes and saw the woman he wished to spend the rest of his life with.
Alaya had been a beautiful young lady that he had met the year before his father, Lord Geran Steelheart, passed away after being thrown from his horse. She had long dark hair and large chestnut eyes and was extremely intelligent. Her hourglass figure, and quick, agile mind had mesmerized him, and they began to spend all their free time together, becoming almost inseparable. They fell deeply in love and were married soon after.
Once Lord Geran passed, the responsibilities of the castle fell to Lord Michael. Sevria was a trade town, relying mainly on merchants traveling through the mountains on the trade road from the port city of Sierra for its main source of income. Merchant caravans traveling from all over the world passed through Sevria on their way to larger and more prosperous kingdoms. Their small village was a necessary haven for those who made their way through the unpredictable mountain range. Many dangerous creatures lived throughout the Godstear Mountains and preyed upon the unsuspecting, and Sevria was a welcome safe place along that treacherous trade route.
Alaya had immediately made herself indispensable, taking on most of the daily chores and responsibilities of running the castle, allowing Lord Michael to focus on more civil matters, and to the protection of the town. He would often lead the patrols that guarded the trade road and village from any of the ogres, goblins, or dragonspawn that seemed to plague the mountains in abundance.
They would also occasionally travel together to Sierra on diplomatic trips to meet with visiting monarchs and powerful merchants to discuss different trade agreements that would benefit their small village.
It was on one of these visits that their lives were turned upside down. Lord Michael and Lady Alaya, in the company of a half a dozen soldiers from the castle, were traveling back from Sierra when Lord Michael's horse slipped on a stone, breaking its leg. The poor beast had to be put out of its misery, and they were forced to make camp in a large clearing about ten miles from the village.
Lord Michael and Lady Alaya, who was two months pregnant at the time, were sleeping near the fire while the soldiers took turns on sentry duty. Without warning, they were suddenly attacked by a crazed band of vicious dragonspawn. 
Dragonspawn were repulsive creatures, rumored to be the result of an evil wizard's experiment gone horribly awry. They stood nearly seven feet tall, with strong wiry bodies and long whip-like tails. They were covered with thick reddish-brown scales, and their horned reptile heads gave them a distinct dragon-like appearance. 
The creatures quickly overwhelmed and killed the two sentries on duty, using their razor-sharp talons as lethal weapons. The rest of the soldiers were slaughtered where they slept, having no chance to defend themselves.
Lord Michael had reacted with the instincts of a professional soldier at the first sounds of trouble, rolling to his feet and grabbing his sword. He cut two of the creatures down before being knocked unconscious by a glancing blow to the head. He awoke hours later to a disaster. All the soldiers from the castle had been slaughtered, and all the horses lay dead, their throats having been slit and bellies ripped open. Their belongings and supplies had been scattered around the clearing, and all their valuables had been taken by the dragonspawn. Nothing had been left untouched in the vicious attack.
A soft whimpering sound drew his attention to Alaya's crumpled form near the remains of the campfire. He struggled to his feet, ignoring the throbbing pain from his head wound, and stumbled over to his wife's side. She had been stripped of her clothing, violated, and beaten so severely her eyes had swollen shut. Dozens of claw marks covered her body and were bleeding freely, but remarkably, she was still alive. 
When he knelt at her side and reached to take her into his arms, she recoiled from his touch kicking and screaming in terror, unable to recognize her own husband's voice through her terror. 
He quickly jumped to his feet and searched the area until he located a tall spiky-leafed quitha plant and tore it from the ground by the roots. The quitha plant was a common herb that grew throughout the mountain range which possessed amazing medicinal qualities. It had been used by healers for hundreds of years to help the sick and injured. 
He stripped the plant of all its leaves and mashed them into a pulp, producing a thick syrupy juice that was very sweet to smell. When one drank the sweet-smelling juice, a feeling of euphoria would lay a blanket over their senses, calming even the most disturbed of individuals.
He struggled to hold Alaya down while he carefully pried open her mouth, then he squeezed a bit of the quitha juice onto her tongue to calm her. It took immediate effect, and she soon drifted into a peaceful sleep.
He quickly bandaged her wounds as best he could and covered her with a blanket that he managed to salvage, then he carefully hoisted her limp form onto his shoulders and set off on foot. After several miles, he came upon a patrol from the castle, and with their aid, they rushed her back to the castle's clerics, so they could tend to her wounds. Though her injuries were grave, Alaya recovered, and miraculously, their unborn child seemed unharmed by the vicious attack.
Lord Michael dispatched every available soldier to comb the valley and destroy or chase off every unsavory creature in the area. He doubled the patrols that guarded the trade road and put a bounty out on every dragonspawn that continued to lurk near the village. 
Everything seemed to return to normal, and they slowly began to forget about the horrible incident, until late one summer night, five months after the attack, Lord Michael returned from leading a patrol to find his beloved wife dying after giving birth to their child two months premature. Though she had been in the care of the best clerics in the lands, she had lost too much blood, and there was little that they could do but make her comfortable during the last moments of her life. 
He rushed to her bedside where he found her still conscious, though her face was deathly pale.
Alaya stared gently at her grieving husband, the life quickly draining from her eyes. “My love,” Her voice was little more than a whisper. “Do not grieve for me. The gods have blessed us with a son.” She gestured weakly to the small bundle at her breast. “He is very special. His birth is an omen sent to us by the gods!” She paused, her breath growing shallower, but she forced herself to continue despite her husband's objections for her to rest. “You must take care of our son. He is not like us. He has been blessed by the gods themselves. Swear to me you will keep him safe and love him. You must promise to teach him well. He will change the world!”
Lord Michael's heart nearly broke, but he swallowed his grief, and gently took her hand in his. “I swear, my darling.” He said simply. He couldn't bring himself to speak anymore, fearing he would break down sobbing uncontrollably.
She smiled weakly, then relinquished her newborn son, slowly closed her eyes, and released her last breath.
Numb with shock and grief, he tenderly kissed his wife's forehead, then gently pulled the sheets up to cover her lifeless form.
He turned away and took a deep breath, forcing himself to put his grief aside, then he gently unwrapped the tiny bundle, taking his first look upon the face of his newborn son. He was husky for a child born two months premature, with a full head of shiny black hair, just like his father's, and large chestnut-colored eyes that were identical to his mother's. He was perfect in every way, except one. Above each eye, reaching from the bridge of his nose and traveling across his brows to each temple, was a thick ridge of what appeared to be large, reddish brown scales. Dragon scales.

**********


A loud knock at the door of his study brought Lord Michael back to reality. “Lord Michael?” He recognized the voice as belonging to Lady Skie Meadowdown, a longtime friend of his family, and his newborn son's nanny. 
“Come in, dear Skie.” He answered, slowly turning away from the window. Since his beloved wife's death, Lady Skie had become invaluable to him, helping with the daily tasks of running the castle on top of her responsibilities as his son's nanny. He had come to depend on her almost as much as he had his wife. Indeed, he didn't know what he would do without her. Her unwavering support had been the only thing besides his son that had kept him from toppling over into the abyss of despair.
Lady Skie entered the study, bringing with her a soothing peacefulness into the room. She was a tiny, slender-figured woman of middle age, with long dark hair and glittering green eyes that seemed to lighten or darken with her moods. Though she was tiny in stature, she had a commanding presence about her that demanded respect, almost as if she were royalty. She always seemed to have a soothing, almost magical air about her that brought peacefulness to the troubled soul, easing one's mind and spirit. Many in the village looked upon her as something akin to a holy person, coming to her with their worries and fears. She would lend her ear to anyone with the need to speak and would always send the person away feeling much more content and secure. It was like she always knew what to say to set one’s heart at ease. 
Lord Michael gestured for her to sit in one of the plush, overstuffed chairs near the fireplace, then poured them each a glass of wine. “Have the clerics discovered anything new about Damion?” He had proudly named his son Damion Omensent after his wife's final words. 
“They say he is in remarkably good shape, all things considered.” Lady Skie replied, noting the look of relief that crossed his face. “Other than his brow scales, he seems to be in perfect health.”
After laying Alaya's body to rest in his family's private cemetery, Lord Michael had sent for the most powerful clerics in the region to ensure Damion's health, and to try to find a cure for his strange affliction. They had been working tirelessly for weeks in order to discover the cause for the Damion’s strange deformity, keeping the newborn under constant observation in case there was any sudden change in his health.
“We can only assume that the scales are a result of the dragonspawn attack.” She took a sip from her wine. “Something must have happened that caused the deformity. That's the only possible explanation.”
He sighed in relief. “So he is completely human? I mean, he isn't going to grow up to be an invalid, or worse, a savage like the dragonspawn, right?”
Lady Skie shook her head. “As far as we can tell, he is a perfectly normal, healthy baby boy. He has an unusually strong aura, and his brow scales may make him look rather different, but otherwise, he is completely human.”
Lord Michael closed his eyes, giving silent thanks to the gods. “This is good news. I had been afraid that he could turn out to be more beast than human. Still, I fear he's going to have a very tough life ahead of him. People can be cruel to those who are different from themselves, and he is very different. I do not want him to be forced to live as an outcast.” He looked at Lady Skie gravely. “I would like you to take personal charge of his education, and as soon as he is old enough, we'll begin his training in the art of combat. I'm going to make sure that he has every advantage, so he has a chance at a long life.”
“Do not worry, my lord. Damion is surrounded by people who love him. He is going to grow up to be just like his father, a kind and gentle soul.” She rose to her feet. “It is almost time for Damion to be fed. He has an amazingly large appetite for an infant.” She placed a caring hand on his shoulder. “Do not worry. Everything will be fine. Go get some rest. You look as though you haven't slept in days.” With that, she left him to his thoughts, which were already drifting back to the memory of the horrible attack.

**********

There was no denying the fact that Damion was an exceptionally gifted child. Despite being born two months premature, he was surprisingly strong, and could push himself into a sitting position after only a month. He was very alert, always paying close attention to everything that went on around him, seeming to almost analyze everything that he saw and heard. He was also an unnaturally quiet child, not easily upset or startled. He would usually just sit, watching everyone around him with interest, seeming to almost absorb every detail of a room and its occupants.
By the time he was four months old, Damion discovered that he could escape his playpen with very little effort. While everyone's attention was elsewhere, he would carefully slip over the bars of his playpen, then crawl out of the nursery door, setting off on his own to explore the castle. When discovered missing, the entire castle was turned upside down in a frantic search, but he was almost always found within an hour, examining an interesting suit of armor, hiding under a desk, or sleeping peacefully in the shadows under a staircase.
After several such incidents where the entire castle staff had to join the search, they decided to take special precautions to try to put a stop to his wanderings. They had a special playpen constructed with taller rails to try to hamper his escape and put extra servants in the nursery to watch him day and night, but it didn't even seem to slow him down. He would just pile all his toys together into a makeshift ladder, then, after making sure everyone was distracted, he would make his escape.
At eight months old, Damion took his first steps, and the castle became a place of constant havoc. He was continually disappearing on his wanderings despite all their attempts to prevent him from escaping. He seemed to have an uncanny ability to choose just the right moment to try and make his getaway. They tried everything short of a padlocked cage without any success, until one morning Lady Skie decided to allow him to explore wherever he wished, with her following along closely behind to ensure that he wasn't injured. He went from chamber to chamber, examining each room and its contents thoroughly before moving to the next. After several weeks of these kinds of wanderings, he had explored almost every room in the entire castle. After that, he seemed much more content with his surroundings, and even stopped escaping his playpen.
As the months passed, Damion began growing at an astonishing rate. It seemed a person could almost watch him grow taller right before their very eyes. His appetite also began to grow, and he was soon eating nearly as much as a full-grown man at each meal. Lord Michael and Lady Skie once again summoned the best clerics in the region to examine Damion and ensure his health. The clerics spent several days examining him thoroughly, much to his displeasure, and when they were finished, they concluded that he was in perfect health, and his enormous appetite was due to his rapid growth. His body seemed to be burning away the food nearly as fast as he could eat it. It was an uncommon affliction, but not completely unheard of. They reassured Lord Michael and Lady Skie that he would be fine, and the growth spurt would eventually subside, then recommended that Damion be provided with plenty of food and got plenty of rest. 
If his appearance and rapid growth wasn't strange enough, unexplainable things began to happen around Damion. It started with little things disappearing from high shelves, well out of Damion's reach, then reappearing later in his playpen. Or books would suddenly float down from their shelves and across the room, scaring the wits out of whoever was nearby. Strange balls of colorful light would sometimes materialize and dance through the room, then suddenly vanish without a trace, leaving everyone startled and scratching their heads. No one could seem to figure out the source of the strange phenomenon. 
Then, not long after his second birthday, Lord Michael and Lady Skie were sitting in the study talking while Damion quietly stared out of the open window at the bustling town below.
“I am a little worried,” Lady Skie began, her face clouded with concern. “He is far too quiet for a child of his age. I cannot remember the last time he cried out, or even made a sound. It’s unnatural.” She glanced at Damion fondly. “He is obviously very intelligent, and when he looks into your eyes, it is almost like he’s looking into your soul.”
Lord Michael laughed. “His gaze is rather unnerving, isn't it?” He was enormously proud of his strapping young son. Damion was already standing three and a half feet tall and was growing taller each day. By now, the village tailors had grown used to replacing his clothes nearly every week. “It’s like he almost knows what you’re thinking.” He looked over at his son and smiled. “He’s just quiet. We know he’s not mute. The clerics ruled that out long ago.”
“I don’t know what it could be, then. Maybe he just cannot talk.” She paused as Damion turned away from the window and walked over to her side. He tugged on her arm and pointed at a small furry object high atop a bookcase on the far side of the room. “That's his favorite toy.” She smiled, preparing to retrieve it from its perch.
Before she had a chance to rise to retrieve it, the toy suddenly rose into the air and slowly began to float down and across the room to Damion's outstretched hands. He looked up at his father and nanny with an innocent smile, then happily sat down to play, seeming oblivious to their stares of surprise and astonishment.
“D-Did you do that?” Lord Michael's face was pale, and his hands shook slightly. He was staring at his son with a look of total disbelief. 
“Nay, milord!” She was just as shocked as he was. “It was not me! I-I think it was Damion!” The boy continued to play with his toy, oblivious to the unusual event that stunned his father and nanny. “It just floated down to him, as if by magic!”
Lord Michael rose unsteadily to his feet and lifted his son into his arms. The young boy giggled, then threw his arms about his father's neck, hugging him tightly. “That's impossible!” He scoffed. “Damion couldn’t have used magic. He’s only a child. It takes years to develop a magical talent, and only a few are able to wield it to any real effect.”
Lady Skie shook her head. “It is the only possible explanation. We are the only people here. What else could have done it?”
“This room must be haunted.” Lord Michael began looking around the chamber wildly.
“Don’t be ridiculous!” She paused as a thought struck her. “This may explain those strange balls of light, and why things keep disappearing and reappearing in his playpen. I have been trying to figure that out for months.” She gave the boy an appraising look. “The servants have been complaining for several weeks now that strange things seem to happen in this nursery. I had dismissed it as idle gossip and storytelling, but perhaps there was something to it after all.”
Lord Michael still looked skeptical. “I refuse to accept that it was Damion. There is no possible way he could be using magic.” He glanced down at his son, who was watching their conversation with a keen interest, then looked back at Lady Skie, his eyes full of uncertainty. “But just to be on the safe side, let's start keeping closer eye on him, just in case.” He sighed deeply, cradling the boy closer to him. “How did you do that, my little one?” He whispered, more to himself than to his son. 
Damion fixed his father with a serious gaze, then answered with his very first word. “Magic.”
Lord Michael's jaw dropped open in astonishment. “Skie? D-Did you hear that?”
Lady Skie was just as stunned. “See if you can get him to say it again!”
But it was too late. Damion's attention had already wandered elsewhere, and no amount of coaxing could compel him to repeat himself. 
Lord Michael finally gave up. “This still doesn't prove that he can use magic. Even if he can, there isn't really much we can do about it. We can only hope that he doesn't do anything spectacular to make others aware of his powers.”
Lady Skie gently took Damion from his father and placed him on the floor to play. “I believe we should keep this secret for now, or at least until we can find out for sure if he possesses the gift. We have never concealed the fact that his abnormality was caused by the dragonspawn, but this may be more than the common people could take. If word got out that he could use magic, his life could be in danger.”
Lord Michael nodded his agreement. He knew full well how despised magic-users were throughout the land; how they were spurned and hated by most and distrusted by all. “I agree. We must tell no one of this until we can determine if he actually has any powers.” He glanced down at his son, who had curled up in front of the fireplace and fallen asleep. “Is there any way to find out for sure if he can actually use magic, and if so, how strong it is?”
Lady Skie shook her head. “There isn’t any way to measure the power of someone's magic. We will just have to wait and see. I just hope he doesn’t decide to start demonstrating his abilities to everyone. That could cause some serious problems.”
Lord Michael glanced back down at his son's slumbering form. “What other surprises do you have in store for us, little one?” He murmured. He looked back to Skie. “I trust no one else with this secret. If word gets out there is a magic-user in the castle, the villagers may revolt. Damion's appearance is already a strain for them to accept. If this gets out, he will no longer be safe here in the castle.”
She sighed sadly. “The gods have blessed Damion with many gifts, but I fear these gifts will bring him many hardships. He will always be different from others, and this new power might place him in great peril.”
Lord Michael looked back down at his slumbering son and sighed. “Let's just hope that he doesn't begin making the servants vanish into thin air. That would be rather difficult to explain.”

Chapter 2

During the next three years, Damion demonstrated his strange new ability with numerous displays that frightened many of the servants out of their wits. His magic seemed to grow as quickly as his body and started to become more and more radical in effect. Rarely a day went by that he didn't startle his father or nanny with some new display of power. Sometimes he would cause heavy objects to float around the room when no one was looking, then let them to fall to the floor with a crash before it was seen, or he would cause books to fly from the shelves and slam into the opposite wall, frightening everyone who was nearby. He seemed to find this game quite amusing, and it wasn’t long before rumors began to circulate that the nursery was haunted by a violent spirit. Many servants became quite skittish whenever they entered, never knowing what they should expect. 
But Damion never openly demonstrated his powers to anyone other than his father and his nanny. It was almost as if he understood that no one was to know about his gifts. Then, after one unexpected display of power, it quickly became apparent that something had to be done. 
It happened not long after Damion's fifth birthday. Lady Skie had been sitting quietly in the nursery pouring over an ancient text on past sorcerers in search of any stories of anyone that had displayed their abilities early in their childhood. She wasn't having much luck and was ready to give up on her search when the sound of the nursery door opening caught her attention. She looked up from the ancient book and saw Sara, a loyal serving girl in which she was rather fond, entering the nursery with a large tray of venison and cheese, and a small bottle of elven wine. Lady Skie motioned for her to sit the tray on a nearby table, and then returned to her book in hopes of discovering something useful in Damion's situation. 
Sara quietly sat the tray on the table, and then turned to leave. As she did, the hem of her dress caught the handle of the tray, pulling it off the table, and sending it crashing to the floor.
Damion, who had been sleeping soundly in the beautiful canopy bed his father had constructed for his birthday, awoke with a start, and sent a powerful shock wave of energy blasting through the room, blowing the door from its hinges, and shattering the windows into a fine dust. The shock wave knocked Lady Skie hard to the floor, and sent Sara flying across the room where she crashed hard into the unforgiving stone wall. The force of the shock wave shook the entire castle to its foundation and was even felt by those in the village. 
Lord Michael, looking pale and shaken, rushed into the room followed closely by a dozen armed soldiers. Amazed by the devastation he found, he dashed to Damion's bedside to find his son looking around the demolished nursery with quiet interest. 
Once he was reassured his son was safe, he rushed to Lady Skie, whose crumpled form lay near the overturned table. He carefully rolled her onto her back and was relieved to see her eyes flutter open.
“Sara!” She exclaimed, sitting up in alarm. “Where is Sara? Is she okay?”
One of the soldiers stepped forward. “She will be fine. She has a nasty bump on her head, but nothing life threatening.”
“Help her to her quarters,” Lord Michael ordered the soldiers. “then summon the clerics to tend to her injuries.” He watched in silence as the soldiers exited the room carefully carrying the unconscious serving girl's limp body. As soon as they were out of sight, he turned back to Lady Skie. “What, in the names of the gods, happened in here? It looks as though a whirlwind struck this place! The entire castle shook like a leaf on a tree! Everyone thinks we’re under attack!”
Lady Skie rose a bit shakily to her feet and brushed herself off, then walked over to Damion's bed and gently lifted him into her arms. “It seems our little sorcerer is a bit more powerful than we thought. I have never seen anything quite like this before.” She quickly explained what happened, then added. “If this is any indication of his power, then we have our work cut out for us. I have never heard of anyone with such power, let alone a child.”
“This is grave news indeed.” Lord Michael's face was troubled. “There is no way that we will be able to keep his powers secret if he brings the entire castle down around our ears.” He looked around wrecked the nursery, then sighed helplessly. “How am I going to explain this to the visiting nobles? They are probably still cowering under my desk!”
Damion giggled mischievously, and then gave his father an impish grin.
Lord Michael glanced at his son, and then began to chuckle ruefully. “When your mother told me that you were special, I never dreamed of anything like this.” He sighed again, then looked back to Lady Skie. “It is obvious that we cannot keep him here any longer. It’s not safe for him, or those living here.”
Lady Skie was quiet for a moment. “Would you consider allowing me to take him somewhere remote and out of danger? He is almost old enough to begin his education anyway, and he cannot remain here any longer. He is a danger to himself, and all of those who are around him.”
Lord Michael looked skeptical. “Where exactly would you take him?”
“There is a small valley about twenty miles northeast of here. My father has a cottage there, and he is quite skilled in the ways of magic. He would be able to teach Damion how to control his power. The valley is very difficult to reach and is surrounded by steep cliff sides which are nearly impossible to scale, so he will be perfectly safe, and we will not have to worry about any of the distractions of the castle interfering with his lessons.”
Lord Michael's face mirrored his worry. “Are you sure he would be safe there? It would only be you and your father there to protect him. His safety is my first concern.”
“It is probably the safest place in the entire mountain range. My father has set up a magical barrier that alerts him whenever someone enters the valley. I was raised in the cottage there, and I cannot think of a safer place to take him.”
“I guess we haven't any other option.” His voice was thick with sadness. “Send word to your father with news of our request, and I will arrange for an escort to accompany us to the valley. We will leave as soon as the messengers return with his consent.” He looked miserable. “I wish there was another solution,” He glanced around the wrecked nursery, then shook his head. “but it is obvious that he cannot remain here any longer.”
Lady Skie lowered Damion to his feet. “I will send the messengers immediately.” She laid a caring hand on his shoulder. “Do not worry, my Lord. We will make sure that Damion is safe and well cared for.” She quickly left the destroyed nursery, leaving him alone with his son.
Lord Michael stood for several moments gazing around at the mess, then ordered some passing servants to clean and repair the room. He gathered a few of Damion's toys, then hoisted his son onto his back and set off for his study, a heavy sadness in his heart. He left orders not to be disturbed, then carefully placed his son on the carpeted floor to play, and settled wearily into one of the overstuffed chairs, wondering dazedly what would happen next. 
After a few moments, he noticed Damion staring at him with a confused expression. “What is it, little one? You look confused.”
“Why must I leave, Papa?” Damion's large chestnut eyes shimmered with tears. “Did I do something wrong?”
Lord Michael nearly fell out of his chair in shock. Even though he was five years old, Damion rarely spoke, and even more rarely in full sentences. At first, he didn't quite know what to say. It had never occurred to him that Damion might understand what they had been discussing. “Well... uh...” He stopped, wondering why he was always so surprised by his son. He should be used to it by now. He gently lifted Damion into his lap, then smiled sadly. “You have done nothing wrong, my son. It was not your fault.”
“Then why are you sending me away? I don't want to go! I want to stay here with you!” Tears began to flow freely down the young boy's cheeks. 
“And I want you to stay.” He answered, his heart nearly breaking. “But you are no longer safe here.” He gently traced a finger over his son's brow scales. “You are not like other children, little one. You are a very special child. You can do things that most people can only dream of."
Damion wiped his eyes with his sleeve. “Is it my magic? I try to control it, but sometimes it gets away from me.”
"Yes,” Lord Michael admitted. “That is part of the problem. People fear those who are different from themselves. You must go somewhere that you will be safe. When you are a little older, you'll understand why we must do this.” 
The boy stared at the floor for several moments, then looked up at his father. “Will you come to visit me?”
 “An army of ogres could not keep me from coming to see you.” He assured his son with a smile.
Damion threw his arms around his father and hugged him tightly. “I love you, Papa.”
“I love you too, little one, and nothing in this world could ever change that.” He hugged his son fiercely, then sat back, still cradling his son in his arms. After a moment, he was struck by a sudden thought. “Damion? May I ask you a question?”
His son, who had begun to doze off, content in his father's embrace, looked up sleepily. “Yes, Papa?”
“There is something that I don’t understand. Why haven't you spoken before now?”
Damion shrugged. “I never really had anything to say. People talk way too much anyway. I would much rather listen. You learn more that way.”
Lord Michael didn't know what to say to that. Finally, he smiled and asked. “Do you have any more surprises in store for us?”
“I really don't think so.” Damion answered innocently.

**********

The messengers were dispatched immediately with a detailed account of their plight for Lady Skie's father, Damarius Stargazer, and with the request for his aid. The messengers returned five days later reporting that traveling on horseback was impossible, and the cliff sides surrounding the small valley were treacherously steep, and nearly impossible to scale. There was only a single trail leading down into the valley, and the forest surrounding the isolated cottage was thick with vegetation and thorny undergrowth, and very difficult to pass through. 
Damarius sent word back with them that he would be honored to help them and would make all the necessary preparations for their arrival. He also sent warning that several ogres had been sighted roaming the mountainside, and to take precautions against an encounter or attack.
Once they had finished making all the necessary preparations around the castle, Lord Michael, Lady Skie, and Damion, in the company of a dozen of the most experienced soldiers from the castle, set off for Damarius’s valley, some twenty miles away. 
It was early summer in the Godstear Mountains, and the scorching sun made traveling on foot quite unpleasant. Since there wasn’t any permanent trail for them to follow through the rough and rocky countryside, they decided to take their time, carefully choosing the best route to take so they would not get lost. Even with their precautions, they were often forced to double back and choose a new path, finding their way blocked by landslides or deep chasms which were impossible to cross. They traveled all day and most of the night, stopping only once to rest and refresh themselves near a small stream.
To everyone's surprise, Damion refused to be carried every time his father or nanny offered, pressing on without complaint. He didn't show any signs of fatigue, in fact, he appeared to be enjoying himself immensely, pausing often to examine the new surroundings with interest.
They finally made camp late that night near a small gurgling stream. After a quick dinner of dried meat and cheese, they settled down to sleep, leaving six of the castle soldiers to stand guard. They arose with the dawning sun, and after a hasty breakfast of dried fruit, they continued on their trek towards Damarius's isolated valley. By mid-morning, they reached the steep cliffs that surrounded the valley. 
It took quite some time to locate the lone path that led down the cliff side into the valley below. It was a narrow, hazardous trail that led nearly straight down the cliff side and was very difficult to traverse. They descended in a single file line, carefully finding footholds where they could. 
Lord Michael put his foot down and insisted that Damion be carried down the cliff side, ignoring the boy's protests that he could make it down on his own. After several long minutes of arguing, Damion finally sighed in resignation and sulkily climbed onto his father's back, though he made it very clear to everyone that he was quite sure that he could do it himself. 
They slowly started down the trail, moving carefully so not slip on the loose gravel. They had made it almost halfway down the steep path when one of the castle soldiers lost his footing and fell tumbling down the steep trail towards the sharp, jagged rocks below. 
The soldier screamed in terror as he plunged past Lord Michael and Damion, who scrambled to one side to avoid being swept off the cliff side. Then suddenly, to everyone's amazement, the soldier's descent began to slow until he was floating in the air, mere inches from the jagged rocks which would have killed him. 
“By the gods!” One of the soldiers exclaimed, staring at his fellow warrior in astonishment. “H-How are you doing that, Keenan?”
“I’m not!” The helpless soldier screamed, still hovering in mid-air. “Help me!”
Lady Skie glanced over to Damion, who was pointing one finger at the floating soldier, an expression of intense concentration on his face. “Bring him back to the cliff side.” She whispered, hoping none of the other soldiers noticed. 
The soldier slowly began to float closer to the cliff side until he was able to scramble and get a firm hand and foothold, then he stood there trembling as looked around with a dazed expression, having no idea what had just happened to him.
“Nice work.” Lord Michael murmured to his son quietly as he started down the trail again, causing the young boy to beam happily.
They managed to make it to rest of the way down the trail safely, then they paused for a while to relax and catch their breaths. Lady Skie and Lord Michael were relieved that the soldiers did not seem to have any idea that Damion had used his powers to save the soldier from crashing into the rocks below. After several minutes of discussion, they convinced themselves that an updraft of wind had somehow kept him aloft and pushed him back towards the cliff side and safety. 
When they were all feeling rested and recovered enough to continue, they slowly began to push their way into the lush forest that surrounded Damarius's cottage.
“My grandfather built this cottage during the Goblin Wars, about seventy-five years ago.” Lady Skie told them as they chopped a path through the thick underbrush. “When I was a child, my father brought me here to live after my mother passed away. He told me that this valley was an enchanted place, a sanctuary of peace and tranquility. That's why my grandfather chose this valley. It is rarely visited, and, being so difficult to reach, there isn't much chance of goblins or ogres trying to attack.” 
By mid-afternoon, they were all exhausted from fighting their way through the thick tangle of undergrowth. It was extremely difficult chopping their way through the dense foliage, which seemed unusually resistant to the blows of their blades. The sweltering heat made their work nearly unbearable, and the shade from the huge primeval trees provided little relief. They were all soon drenched with sweat, and their water supply rapidly began to dwindle.
When they finally emerged from the forest, they saw the isolated cottage in the center of a large clearing. It was big compared to the cottages and huts in Sevria, built with thick granite blocks, and decorated with huge stained-glass windows of every color of the rainbow. There was a large, well-tended garden behind the cottage that was filled with exotic spices and strange vegetables, and a small orchard of apple and pear trees growing next to the garden that helped to protect it from the elements. 
A huge, ancient weeping willow tree grew next to the cottage, towering high over everything in the valley, seeming to rival even the mountains themselves. Its trunk could easily swallow the entire cottage, and its gnarled, twisted roots hung off the bank of a wide, swift flowing stream that carved its way through the valley. 
Damion was completely enchanted by the great willow tree and was unable to take his eyes from it. The sheer immensity of the tree boggled his mind! He couldn’t believe that anything that huge existed! It seemed to almost call to him, inviting him to climb its branches, explore its heights, and relax in the comfort of its shade.
Damarius, Lady Skie's father, greeted them as they approached the cottage. He was a short, odd-looking fellow with a large crooked nose, and a long flowing white beard that reached well past his waist. His head was completely bald, save for a wild shock of white hair that sprouted from the top of his head and fell across his eyes, practically obscuring his vision completely. His long brown robe was wrinkled and stained with wine and old food, and patched with numerous colorful patches, adding a lively touch to the otherwise dull robe. A large black belt hung around his waist holding an assortment of pouches that bulged with strange objects, and he wore an old pair of mud-caked boots that looked as though they were nearly as old as he was.
Despite his shabby appearance, Damarius proved to be a very kind and gracious host, and after he gave them a quick tour of the cottage, he led them to the guest rooms to rest and refresh themselves from their tiring journey.
Damion was delighted with his new bedroom. It was surprisingly spacious, with a large feather bed piled high with colorful pillows, and several large chests that were overflowing with toys. His favorite feature of the room was the large stained-glass windows that opened to overlook the garden. He could already imagine the hours that he would spend enjoying the magnificent view that they provided.
After resting and refreshing themselves from their journey, they met in the dining hall for a succulent dinner of roast duck that had been stuffed with strange vegetables and seasoned with the spices from Damarius's garden. Everyone enjoyed themselves immensely, eating with great relish, and washing it down with a delicate elven wine that Damarius produced from his pantry.
Once everyone had eaten their fill, the strange old man led them to his private study to discuss the details of Damion's education. Lord Michael explained their entire story, beginning with the night of the dragonspawn attack, and continuing up until their present visit.
When he finished, Damarius scratched his head thoughtfully for several moments. “You were wise to seek my help when you did.” The old wizard said finally. “He needs to begin learning how to control his power immediately. If he is as powerful as you say, he cannot be allowed to let his magic rage unchecked. He must be taught how to restrain and control it.” He turned his gaze towards Damion, who stood quietly near the fireplace, listening with interest. “So, my young friend, your father tells me you are quite a remarkable child.”
Damion looked at the strange wizard and shrugged. “I use can use magic, if that's what you mean.”
Damarius laughed, absently brushing his brow lock from his eyes. “I’m going to help you learn how to control your gifts. I will be your new teacher.”
“Can you use magic, too?”
“Aye. That I can. You're going to remain here with Skie and myself, so you can begin your studies and lessons. Do you understand?”
Damion smiled politely and nodded, then settled down to watch the fire dance in the hearth while his father, nanny, and new teacher discussed the details of his education. He was soon sleeping soundly, finally succumbing to the exhaustion from their travels. Lady Skie gently lifted him into her arms, and after bidding Lord Michael and her father goodnight, quietly retired for the evening.
Lord Michael watched as Lady Skie slipped quietly from the room with his son, then turned to the strange old man. “I would like to arrange for my son to begin his training in the art of combat as soon as possible. He is a little young, but as you can clearly see, he is large for his age, and very strong.”
Damarius looked skeptical. “Do you really think he is ready for something of that magnitude? Granted, he is large for his age, but he should really be concentrating on his studies and learning how to control his magic. As it is, most of his time will be spent studying with Skie or practicing his gifts with myself. He won't have much time for himself to just be a child. If we add training with weapons into the mix, it may be too much for him.”
“I have already discussed this with my son and your daughter. We are all in agreement that he should begin his training as soon as we are able to locate someone we can trust to train him.” Lord Michael chuckled. “In fact, Damion is quite excited at the idea of learning how to wield a sword.”
“Are you sure that he will be able to handle the pressure? We are asking a lot of one so young. This is going to consume all of his waking hours. He'll have very little time for a normal childhood.”
Lord Michael smiled. “Damion is not a normal child, as you will soon discover. I have absolute faith in my son. He will be able to handle it.” His tone clearly indicated his mind was set.
Damarius sighed heavily. “Very well. If you insist on it, then I may know of someone who may be able to help us. He is a master swordsman, and very skilled in the art of combat. His name is Gabriel Quickhand, though he prefers to go by the name of Sly. I doubt if there is a better swordsman on this entire continent.”
“Is this gentleman trustworthy?”
The old wizard laughed. “Sly is definitely no gentleman. He’s a drunken lecher with little morals, and no sense of propriety. But he is an old friend of mine, and I know he can be trusted. I will send word to him immediately. I'm sure he will be delighted to help.”
Lord Michael smiled gratefully. “Thank you for all of your help. I will always be in your debt.”
“It is I who should be thanking you. If he is as powerful as you say, Damion may grow up to be one of the most powerful sorcerers ever to have lived.” Damarius's voice was full of excitement. “Magic is a rare gift, and to be able to help him on his way would be a great honor.”
Lord Michael rose to his feet and bowed to the old wizard. “It is time for me to retire. I must return to the castle immediately. I’ll be leaving at dawn.” He turned to leave, then paused, looking back with a sly grin. “Oh, by the way, keep a close eye on Damion. He is full of surprises!”

**********

The next morning, after saying his goodbyes and reassuring his son he would be back to visit soon, Lord Michael and the soldiers from the castle set off for Sevria.
Damion watched his father disappear into the surrounding forest, then sighed sadly. After a few moments, he turned to Lady Skie. “May I go and explore for a little while?”
Lady Skie smiled, then looked at her father. “I haven't any objections, do you?”
Damarius shook his head. “There is nothing in this valley that will harm him. I made sure of that.” He looked at Damion and smiled. “Go ahead, little one. Just do not wander too far and be back before lunch.”
Damion nodded, then scampered off to investigate the enormous willow tree near the stream.
Lady Skie watched as he ran off, then sighed heavily. “He is such a remarkable child. I cannot help but wonder what fate has in store for him.” She watched him for a moment longer, then returned to the cottage to begin preparing for lunch while her father wandered off to work in the garden.
When Damion reached the ancient tree, he stopped short, overwhelmed by the sheer massiveness of the towering willow. He had never seen such a large tree on the castle grounds or near the village. He could hardly believe something could grow to be so huge! Its great branches soared high into the air, seeming to almost hold the sky in place, and it cast a huge shadow over the entire clearing, providing a welcome relief from the blazing hot sun.
He approached the tree apprehensively, and gently placed his palm against its smooth bark. He was surprised to find a warm tingling of energy emanating back from its surface, and a strange calmness seemed to envelop his mind and spirit. It was almost as if the ancient tree was greeting him; inviting him to explore its depths and relax in the comfort of its shade. He slowly started up the tree, easily finding hand and footholds on the rough bark, then he carefully scampered his way up, taking his time to find sturdy branches that could safely hold his weight.
Climbing onto a large branch, he paused to catch his breath and to take a look around. The view was magnificent! He was surprised he had climbed so high. He could see the entire valley from his perch. He could even see Damarius working vigorously in his garden on the other side of the cottage. There was a large flock of colorful songbirds swooping and diving through the orchard treetops, and their beautiful singing floated up to him on the gentle breeze, giving the view an almost surreal feeling.
He sat enjoying the view until he had caught his breath, then turned and looked further up the massive tree. He noticed a large crack a few feet above his head that appeared to lead deep into the enormous tree's trunk. Curious, he cautiously climbed up to the crack and peered inside. He was surprised to find a hollow the size of a large room that appeared to be empty, save for a few leaves and twigs that littered the floor.
He carefully climbed through the opening and into the hollow and looked around. The walls and floor were unusually flat and smooth, but appeared to be completely natural. It was obvious that a large number of creatures had made their home inside the large hollow over the years, but there were no signs that it had been occupied recently.
As he examined the strange room, he suddenly felt safe and secure, and somehow, he knew that the tree had drawn him here to find this place. The hollow was meant for him, a place to escape from his worries and cares. A safe haven.
Without really knowing why, he drew in his magic, feeling the prickling sensation of energy gathering throughout his body, then laid the palm of his hand against the smooth wall of the hollow. He was immediately bombarded with hundreds of bewildering images that flashed through his mind, and a strange feeling of timelessness suddenly overwhelmed his senses. He watched with astonishment as the world around him began to change, and he was suddenly witnessing the birth of the enormous mountains surrounding him. Explosions ripped through the once level plains, and great eruptions of molten rock spewed into the air, forming the great peaks of the Godstear Mountains.
Damion snatched his hand away in surprise and the images immediately ceased. He sat down against the smooth wall of the hollow, his senses momentarily overwhelmed from the strange experience. He pondered the meaning of the unusual occurrence for a while, then noticed it was nearly midday.
He quickly climbed down from the hollow and went in search of Lady Skie, his thoughts still on the welter of the images that had flashed through his mind while he was in touch with the tree. He found her in the kitchen area, quietly preparing lunch. He climbed up into a chair across the table from where she worked. “Aunt Skie? How old is the willow tree by the stream?”
“Well,” She started, looking up from slicing a fresh loaf of bread into slices. “It's at least several centuries old, judging by its size.” She glanced at Damarius, who entered the kitchen in search of his ale barrel. “What do you know of the old willow tree, father?”
Damarius shrugged. “Not much, really. It has always been here. My father once told me that it was placed here by the gods when the world was created, and that it will remain here until the end of time.” He chuckled. “My father was always one to believe in fairy tales and other such nonsense.” He gave her curious look. “Why do you ask?”
She gestured to Damion, who was still a little distracted from the unusual experience. “Damion was asking.”
Damion shrugged. “I was just curious. I have never seen a tree that big before.” He decided not to tell them about his experience in the willow tree, not wanting to chance having to reveal his new secret place.
The old wizard looked unconvinced. “Is that all that is bothering you? You look troubled, little one.”
He shrugged again. “I guess I just miss my father, that's all.”
Lady Skie leaned across the table and gave him a gentle hug. “Do not worry, little one. He will be back to visit soon.” She fixed him a large bowl of stew and several slices of bread. “You will feel better after you have eaten.”
When he finished his lunch, Damion decided to explore around the orchard and garden. He examined the bright, fragrant flowers that grew around clearing in colorful patches while he snacked on a juicy apple he had plucked from one of the apple trees. He eventually wandered over to the wide stream that flowed through the valley. It appeared to be fairly deep and was absolutely teeming with fish. Damion climbed onto a branch of the old willow tree which hung low over the stream, and quietly sat watching the fish as they struggled upstream against the strong current.
After a while, he was struck with a sudden inspiration. He rose to his feet, carefully balancing on the sturdy branch, and looked around to make sure that no one was watching. Seeing no one about, Damion gathered his courage and leapt into the air, landing in the stream with a great splash. The fresh mountain water was shockingly cold, and the current was much swifter than he anticipated. He was dragged downstream for quite a distance before he was finally able to struggle to shore. When he finally made it back to the cottage, he was dripping with water and his lips were turning a bright shade of blue.
Lady Skie took one look at him, and silently fetched him a blanket so he could dry himself off. She then poured him a steaming hot cup of tea and sat him in front of the fire to help warm him up. “Now, do you want to explain what happened?” She asked with a knowing look on her face.
“I was climbing the old willow and lost my balance. I fell and landed in the stream.” He gave her an innocent look. “It was an accident. I really didn't mean to. Am I in trouble?”
Lady Skie stared at him sternly for a moment, then laughed. “Of course not, little one. I used to fall in the stream at least once a week when I was growing up. I would be surprised, and a little disappointed, if you didn't fall in at least occasionally.” She looked at him lovingly. “But do try to be careful, okay? The currents are a lot stronger than they appear.”
Damion smiled and nodded. “I will, Aunt Skie.” He was rather surprised at how easily he was able to lie, and even more surprised that his aunt had believed him.
She smiled at him warmly. “It is almost time for dinner, then you must retire for the evening. You begin your lessons tomorrow, and you'll need plenty of rest. Father will be waking you bright and early.”

**********

The next morning, as the sun was rising over the mountaintops, Damion was awakened by Damarius. “Wake up, little one. It is time to rise. We have a full day ahead of us, and we need to get an early start.”
Damion sat up and stretched, rubbing the sleep from his eyes, then slowly climbed from beneath his warm blankets and began to dress. He followed the old wizard into the kitchen where he grabbed two large hunks of cheese, a freshly-baked loaf of bread, and a large flask of apple juice, then led the way out of the cottage to a small clearing in the orchard.
They sat on a group of large stones quietly eating their breakfast while enjoying the brisk morning breeze. When they were finished, Damarius looked at Damion, brushing his long white brow lock from his eyes. “Let’s begin by finding out exactly what you know about your powers, then we can move on from there.”
Damion thought quietly for moment. “I don't really know that much, except that not many people have the ability to use magic, and most people fear those who can.”
“That is right.” The old man nodded. “Very good. Now, tell me how you use your magic.”
“I don't understand. What do you mean?”
“Can you explain to me how you use your magic? How exactly do you conjure your power?”
Damion thought for moment, trying to think of exactly what he did when he drew upon his magic. “From what I can tell, I just draw the energy from everything around me, and then focus it to what I wish and release it.”
Damarius nodded his approval. “Very good. How did you figure this out?”
Damion shrugged. “I’m not really sure. I can just feel the energy as it gathers around me, and all I do is focus it and release it with a purpose.”
The old man gave him a surprised look. “That is probably the best explanation I’ve ever heard to describe the manipulation we call magic. I don’t think I could have said it better myself.” He was quiet for moment, then glanced around the small clearing and spotted a fist-sized stone lying nearby. “Can you use your magic to lift that stone and bring it over to us?”
Damion grinned, then focused on the stone. It slowly rose into the air and floated over to hover in front of the old man. 
Nodding with approval, Damarius watched in wonder as Damion made a spinning gesture with his fingers, causing the stone to spin end over end, until it was nothing more than a blur hovering in front of their noses. Almost casually, the boy flipped his finger, and the rock shot off into the air, quickly disappearing from sight.
“You really shouldn’t show off like that.” The old man said grumpily. “It’s just not good manners.” He scratched his beard. “How am I supposed to teach you anything, when I have a tough time doing things like that? And you do with such ease!” He grunted, shaking his head, and causing his brow lock to fall into his eyes. “This is going to be tougher than I thought.” He was quiet for moment, then he turned and pointed to an apple that hung on a nearby branch. “Do you think you can make that apple blow up?”
Damion made a swift motion, and the apple began to slowly expand, growing larger and larger, as if it were being pumped full of air.
Damarius began to laugh. “Very good! But I meant can you make it explode?”
Damion giggled mischievously, then brought his hands together in a clapping motion. The giant apple suddenly exploded, sending juice and pulp flying in all directions, soaking his teacher from head to toe with the sticky sweet nectar. Damarius stood there in shock while Damion laughed, untouched by the flying pulp. He had been almost completely shielded from the sticky mess by his elderly teacher.
The old wizard turned and fixed his giggling pupil with a flinty look. “I guess I asked for that, didn't I?” He wiped the pulp from his face with the hem of his sleeve. “Next time make sure I'm not within splattering range, okay?”
They continued practicing throughout the morning. Damarius had him perform a variety of things from levitation, to trying to detect different forms of magic. When they finally called it a day and went to get lunch, the old wizard was quite impressed by the wide range of abilities the young boy was capable of performing.
After lunch, Damion began his studies with Lady Skie. He quickly proved to be a fast learner and seemed to have an almost endless curiosity and unquenchable thirst for knowledge. Within just a few hours, he memorized every letter in the alphabet, and by the end of the day, he was reading and writing a few simple words. He seemed to soak up knowledge like a sponge.
That night, after a succulent dinner of roasted pheasant stuffed with mushrooms and goat cheese, Damarius and Lady Skie led him to his new room and tucked him into bed. “You need your rest.” Lady Skie said, pulling the blankets up to his chin. “You have had a long day, and tomorrow will be just as taxing.”
“He’s had a long day?” Damarius snorted. “I’ve been upstaged by a five-year-old! How do you think I feel?”
Damion smiled smugly to himself. He was secretly delighted with the fact that he had a far broader range of abilities than his elderly teacher.
The old wizard patted him on the shoulder. “Get some rest, young one. Tomorrow is going to be a long day. We have a lot to cover. I have also summoned my friend, Gabriel Quickhand, to come to the valley. He should be arriving sometime next week to begin your training in the art of combat.”
“What? Really?” Damion was excited about the idea of learning to wield a sword. His father always carried one at his side, though Damion had never seen him use it. He suddenly frowned, his expression one of confusion. “You summoned him? How? I haven't seen any messengers around the valley.”
The old man laughed, then held up a silver amulet, which hung on a thick chain around his neck. “Gabriel carries an amulet exactly like this. It allows me to keep in touch with him when I need his assistance. It also allows me to keep in touch with the outside world. It's awfully isolated here in the valley, and I like to keep abreast of what's happening in the world.”
Damion smiled. “Will he teach me how to use a sword?”
Damarius gave him a disapproving look, then nodded. “It is going to be rather tough on you, young one. Almost every minute of your time will be taken up by practicing your magic, studying with Skie, or training with Gabriel. I really hope you are ready for such a burden.” He squeezed the boy's shoulder once, then turned and left for the comfort of his study.
Lady Skie gently kissed Damion on his forehead. “Sleep well, my young sorcerer.”
“Aunt Skie?” He said, a little hesitantly, unsure on how he should broach the subject. “May I ask you a question?”
“Of course, little one. What is it?”
He started, then stopped. It was a big question that he had been meaning to ask for a long time, but hadn’t had the courage. He finally decided it was time to ask it straight forward. “What happened to my mother?”
Lady Skie sighed sadly. She knew that the day would come when she would have to explain what happened to Lady Alaya, but she never expected the day to arrive so soon. She sighed again, then looked at Damion, her face reflecting her sadness. “She died when you were born. She had been hurt very badly and didn't have enough strength to survive your birth.”
Damion gasped in horror, then began to cry, overwhelmed by a sudden wave of guilt. The knowledge that his mother died giving birth to him was crushing. He buried his face in his pillow, weeping uncontrollably. After his tears had finally run their course, he sat up and wiped his eyes with the back of his sleeve. “What was she like? Was she pretty? Did...Did she l-love me?” Tears began to form in his eyes once again, but he bravely wiped them away and awaited his answer.
Lady Skie sat down on the edge of his bed and gently took him into her arms. “She was a very beautiful young woman, with long dark hair, and chestnut eyes, just like yours. She had a very kind heart, and she loved you and your father very much. She was the first one to know that you were a very special child. She said that your birth was a sign from the gods, and you that were going to change the world.”
They sat together in silence for several minutes, then he yawned, and his eyes began to droop sleepily. “I wish I could have met her. There are so many things that I wish I could say to her.”
She took his hand in hers and squeezed it gently. “All you have to do is tell her. Wherever she is right now, I am sure she is listening to your every word.”
He smiled a tired smile, then closed his eyes, too weary to fight sleep any longer. Within moments, he was dreaming pleasant dreams of huge willow trees and giant exploding apples.

Chapter 3

The next few years were busy ones for Damion. After Lord Quickhand's arrival, Damion rarely had any time to himself to relax. Between his studies, practicing his magic, and training with his new sword master, his days were filled.
When he was first told of Lord Quickhand, Damion had envisioned a tall muscular man, battle-hardened and dressed in shining armor, a far cry from the short, dirty, uncouth little fellow that was introduced as his new trainer. 
At first, he thought Damarius and Lady Skie were trying to play some sort of prank on him. The grubby little man couldn't look any less like a warrior. He wasn't much taller than Damion, with long greasy dark hair, and a wiry frame. His face was thin, almost gaunt, and he had a large crooked nose that protruded from a scraggly beard. His clothes were made of leather and were worn and spotted with mud and other unidentifiable substances. Damion was sure that they had to be joking. 
But his mind was quickly changed the first time Lord Quickhand effortlessly slapped his sword from his hand with a stinging blow that Damion never saw coming. He immediately realized that the scruffy little man was much more than he seemed.
Lord Quickhand, or Sly, as he preferred to be called, proved to be a complex and talented little fellow. Despite his grubby appearance, he carried himself with a casual grace that demanded respect. His skills with a long sword were nothing short of amazing, and he dazzled Damion with a masterful display of swordsmanship that left the young boy completely speechless.
Besides being a master swordsman, Sly was also an excellent hunter and tracker. He taught Damion the finer points of tracking prey by following the nearly invisible trails that they left behind, and how to fire a longbow, which Damion quickly proved to have an uncanny ability.
The little man also taught him how to identify the hundreds of different plants and fungi that grew around the valley, instructing him on the difference between the poisonous and edible, and others that had medicinal qualities. It seemed that there wasn’t anything that the grubby little man didn’t know.
Damion would usually spend his mornings training with Sly until it was time for lunch, then, after he had eaten, he would begin his studies with Lady Skie. She taught him about the surrounding lands and kingdoms throughout the world, and the variations in the cultures of the people who inhabited those lands. He was amazed at how large the world outside the valley was and was surprised to discover that there were three other large continents that were thousands of leagues away, across the vast oceans of the world. He dreamed of the day when he could go visit those faraway kingdoms and see the great cities of the world. 
Lady Skie also taught him the basics of math and philosophy, both of which he excelled at, though found very boring. He tried many times to explain that there would be very little chance that he would ever have any use for such knowledge beyond the need for basic mathematics, but Lady Skie steadfastly refused to allow him to skip that part of his lessons, claiming his education wouldn’t be complete without it. 
Damion would usually finish his days practicing his magic with Damarius well into the night, until they were both too weary to continue. The old wizard tested the limits of Damion’s power by having him perform hundreds of feats that would have been impossible for any other man. He almost never failed to perform the tasks that the old man set for him, and always sent his elderly teacher away with a look of amazement.
One evening as they were finishing their lessons, and Damarius was absently repeating his lecture on making sure to use complete concentration whenever he used his powers, Damion glanced up at the night’s sky and found himself entranced by the glittering stars above. He was struck by the beauty he saw, and by the great shapes and creatures seemed to dance across the sky above him. He was so entranced that he failed to notice his teacher had finished his lecture and stood staring at Damion with a look of displeasure.
“Have you heard a single word that I’ve said?” The old man asked, tossing his brow lock out of his eyes irritably.
“I’m sorry.” Damion quickly apologized, tearing his eyes from the dancing figures above. “Have you ever noticed that the stars almost seem to form patterns and shapes across the sky?”
“They do at that.” The old man replied, looking up at night’s sky. “Those stars form the constellations of the various gods who watch over our world from above.” He pointed to a large group of stars. “Those represent the Goddess of the Dawn, Eva, and those the God of War, Triton.”
“What is that group called?” Damion asked curiously, pointing to a large group of stars that dominated the sky.
The old man’s expression became oddly curious. “Why don’t you tell me what you see first?”
Damion stared at the stars for a long moment, then replied. “I see a great winged beast staring down at the world.”
Damarius was silent for several moments. “Those stars form the figure of the Dragon God, Draco, who stares down at the world is search of His lost followers.”
“Lost followers?”
“The dragons. Great winged serpents that ruled the skies, breathing fire down upon their enemies. They were powerful creatures, and they once roamed this world freely.”
“What happened to them?” Damion asked.
“No one knows. They seemed to just disappear overnight. There are a few rumors and stories, but no one really knows for sure what happened. It happened many centuries ago.”
They stood together in silent contemplation of the stars, then they both slowly began to make their way to the cottage.

**********

As the years passed, Damion began to grow increasingly lonely. He rarely had any time to himself away from his training and studies and began to grow noticeably unhappy. The only time he wasn't lonely or depressed was when his father came to the valley to visit. 
Lord Michael traveled to the valley frequently to spend time with his growing son. They would usually spend most of their time wandering together through the orchard, discussing everything Damion had learned since his father's last visit. 
Lord Michael was very proud of this son. By Damion's seventh birthday, he stood eye to eye with his father, and was incredibly strong. The long hours of training with Sly had hardened his muscles and quickened his reflexes, and he never failed to impress his father with his ever-growing skills in combat and magic. The feats that his only son was capable of performing were completely mind boggling, and Damion enjoyed the fact that his father took such a great interest in his growing powers. 
But the visits were always short, and Lord Michael would have to return to his responsibilities at the castle. Damion would return to his training and studies, and the loneliness would slowly return. He would often find himself wishing there was someone he could confide in, someone he could talk to, and share his thoughts and fears. He liked his teacher and trainer, and loved his Aunt Skie very much, but he could not bring himself to discuss his innermost feelings with adults. He needed someone who could relate to what he was feeling. He needed his own private friend.
Lady Skie and Damarius noticed the gradual change in Damion's attitude, going from an energetic child that was eager to learn and explore the world around him, to a sullen, depressed child that was drawing farther and farther away from his loved ones. 
Finally, Lady Skie decided they had pushed the young boy far enough and he needed more time to himself to relax. From then on, Damion had a lot more time away from his studies and training to do as he pleased. This seemed to relieve his loneliness somewhat. He enjoyed being outdoors and spent most of his time exploring the valley or fishing at the stream. But after a while, his loneliness returned, and he would once again find himself wishing for a friend. 
Then, not long after Damion's ninth birthday, he had an unexpected visitor. 
He was lounging on a pile of blankets and cushions that he had smuggled from the linen closet in the cottage and carried up to his secret hollow, where he had been spending a great deal of time gazing out over the valley at the deer grazing near the edge of the clearing or watching the bright colorful songbirds that swooped through the treetops as he dreamed of the world outside of the valley.
He had been trying to read a book that Lady Skie had given him on the history of the elves, but he just couldn’t seem to keep his mind on the task at hand. He finally tossed the book aside in disgust, then sat back against the smooth wall of the hollow rubbing his eyes. It seemed very difficult to keep his mind on anything as of late. The moodiness he felt only seemed to be growing with time, and now dominated his thoughts.
He had spent most of the day toiling in the garden with Damarius while the old man tried unsuccessfully to draw him into a conversation about what was bothering him, but Damion only shrugged his question away, claiming he was fine.
Sly had left the valley several days before for supplies, leaving Damion with a great deal of free time to himself. He had spent most of the time hidden away, not wanting to have to face Lady Skie or Damarius, who seemed to watch his every move with worried expressions. He was beginning to grow very frustrated, and that frustration seemed to almost suffocate him. He desperately wished he had someone he could talk with, and trust with all his worries and secrets.
Without really knowing why, he drew in his magic, feeling the familiar energy gather about his body, tingling throughout every fiber of his being. Gazing out of the opening of the hollow at the darkening sky, he released his will as a silent cry, pouring all his loneliness and heartache into the silent plea, sharing it with the universe. He fell back into the cushions, drained of all his energy, but still feeling frustrated.
Suddenly, there was a flutter of feathers at the entrance of the hollow. Looking up, he was surprised to see a large owl staring back at him with bright golden eyes. Its feathers were as white as snow, and its great unblinking eyes belied a keen intelligence as it stared back. Its strong gripping talons were long and razor-sharp, and it seemed peculiarly calm despite his presence. It cocked its head back and forth, almost as if it were studying him, then it glided over to land silently on a large pillow that Damion had pilfered from the cottage.
“Well, hello, my feathered friend.” He said, surprised by the bird’s boldness. “Where did you come from?”
“You summoned me.” Came the response, more in his head than spoken aloud.
Damion's jaw dropped open in surprise. He looked around suspiciously, then rose to his feet and looked outside the entrance of the hollow. There was no one to be seen. He slowly returned to his seat, staring at the large owl in confusion.
The huge owl ruffled its feathers in irritation. “Who are you looking for?” It watched Damion intently, its head cocked questioningly.
“You can talk?” He stared at the owl in astonishment. “B-But you're just a bird!”
“I am not just a bird!” The owl squawked indignantly. It lifted its head high and puffed out its chest proudly. “I am a great snow owl. I am the largest, most graceful owl ever to fly these mountains.” It cocked its head again, gazing at Damion with great unblinking eyes. “Surely you can recognize this. Perhaps you are not as intelligent as I first thought.”
Damion shook off his surprise. “How is this possible? How are you able to talk?”
The owl ruffled its feathers irritably. “I am able to speak to you because you summoned me here. Only you are able to hear me.” It calmly began to preen its feathers. “You may as well get used to me. I am going to be around for a long time.”
“What do you mean, I summoned you?” He asked, still unable to believe what was happening.
“I heard your call. I heard the loneliness and sadness in your cry. I have also been longing for companionship since I lost my mate, so I chose to answer your call.”
“But that doesn't explain how you can talk.” He felt as though he were dreaming. “And why can't you talk to anyone else?”
The huge owl stretched its wings, the tips of each brushing the walls on either side of the large hollow. “When I answered your call, a link was formed between us. Our minds are now intertwined in a way that can never be broken. I can hear your thoughts, and you can hear mine.” It paused for a moment to rearrange several feathers, then continued. “By my answering your call, you and I have now become bonded for life.”
Damion took several long moments to absorb this, then slowly moved a little closer. “Well, what should I call you? If you're going to be around for a while, then you will need a name.”
“I have never needed a name before.” The owl chirped. “But if you must, you may call me ‘Most Magnificent One, King of the Mountain Skies.” It lifted its head and fluffed its feathers impressively.
Damion laughed, amused at the owl's vanity “How about I just call you Snowfeather?”
The owl returned to preening its feathers. “If you insist. Tell me, how is it one so young has such an unusually powerful aura?”
He shrugged. “I can use magic, but I usually only use it when practicing with my teacher, Damarius. He says he has never seen anyone with powers like mine.” He frowned. “I really wish I was just a normal kid though. I don’t have any friends, and I had to come to this valley, so I would not hurt anyone with my magic. And I only get to see my father when he is able to come and visit. I love my Aunt Skie, and Damarius and Sly, but I just can't talk to them. I don't know what to do!” All his worries and fears seemed to pour out of him in a vast flood. He moved a little closer and reached out a tentative hand. “You have beautiful feathers. May I feel them?”
Snowfeather fluffed his feathers at the compliment, then hopped closer so Damion could stroke his neck.
“So…. Were you forced to come here against your will? I mean, did… did my magic compel you to answer my call?” Damion didn't like the idea of enslaving an animal against its will.
“I was not forced to answer your call. I chose to answer it.”
Damion was completely confused. “But why would you answer my call? Why bond yourself to me for the rest of your life?”
“I felt your loneliness. Ever since my mate was killed by an eagle, I have been alone. When a snow owl takes a mate, we take them for life. I lost my beautiful mate, so now I am alone in the world.”
“Why did the eagle attack her?” Damion asked, feeling a pang of sorrow for the great bird’s loss.
“Snow owls and eagles are mortal enemies.” The huge bird replied with a chirp. “Many of my kind have lost their lives to those scavengers.”
Damion suddenly understood. “So you chose to come to me instead of living the rest of your life alone.”
Snowfeather glanced around the hollow. “This is an adequate den. You have good taste, for a human. But you will need to provide me with a perch. I can't just hop around down here all the time. It’s beneath me.” It fluffed its feathers importantly. "And try to limit the amount of light in here. In case you didn't know, owls are nocturnal. Too much light irritates my eyes.”
This statement brought Damion back to the present. He hadn't thought of what Aunt Skie or Damarius would say about Snowfeather's sudden appearance. “Oh no! What am I going to tell Aunt Skie? She hates surprises!” He glanced at the large owl. “And this is definitely going to be a surprise.” He thought for a moment. “I guess I had better tell Damarius first. He will know what to tell her.”
He climbed out of the hollow's opening and scampered down the great willow's trunk to the ground below, then paused momentarily as Snowfeather glided down to land softly on his shoulder. He quietly entered the cottage, avoiding the kitchen where his aunt was surely preparing dinner, and quickly made his way to Damarius's study upstairs, pausing only a moment to knock politely. “May I come in?” He asked, opening the door a crack.
The old wizard waved him in, looking up from the book he was reading. He looked at Snowfeather for a moment, then to Damion, his face unreadable. Finally, he said. “Is there something you would like to tell me?”
Damion shifted uncomfortably. “Well... I kind of... well...” He shifted again, not knowing how to explain.
Damarius suddenly smiled and nodded knowingly. “Don’t worry, young one. I heard your call. I know what happened.”
Damion was horrified. “You heard?” He hadn't meant to announce his worries to everyone.
The old man laughed. “You seem to forget the fact that you are not the only sorcerer here.” He glanced at Snowfeather. “And this owl answered your call?”
Damion looked stunned. “You know?”
Damarius laughed again. “Of course. I did the same thing when I was young.” He smiled sadly, and his eyes grew distant. “He was a ferret named Peliklies. He was my best friend for many years. But old age finally caught up with him, and he passed on. I still miss him, even after these many years.” He looked back to Damion. “Your feathered friend is what is referred to as a familiar. He is bonded with you, mind and spirit, until death.”
Damion relaxed somewhat. “Then I’m not in any trouble?”
The old wizard shook his head. “Of course not. You have done nothing wrong,” He glanced at Snowfeather once more. “It may be a little difficult explaining this to Skie, though. She hates birds.” The large owl squawked indignantly at this, and he laughed. “No offense, my feathered friend.” He rose to his feet and sighed deeply. “Well, I guess we had better go get this over with.” He said with a resigned expression. “I hope our dinner is already finished. I don’t want to have to cook it myself if she runs screaming from the cottage.”

**********

Snowfeather's arrival brought new life to Damion's spirit, and quickly brought him out of his depression. The loneliness he had been feeling vanished as the beautiful owl filled the desperate void he had been feeling in his heart. When he was not busy with his studies, or training with Sly or Damarius, they would spend most of their time together in the hollow, or sitting in the vast canopy of the willow, talking for hours on end.
Everything seemed to quiet down after Snowfeather's abrupt arrival. The months seemed to fly by, and Damion excelled in his training and studies. He memorized almost every book in Damarius's extensive library, and his magic had developed to the point that he could perform even the most difficult of tasks with ease. Only hours after learning how to create an illusion, he was able to produce a mirage so detailed that even the old wizard couldn’t distinguish it from reality. Damion enjoyed this new ability and had a great deal of fun tormenting the others with illusions of spiders towering six feet tall that burst from closets, or hulking ogres who lurked in the pantries, scaring the wits out of whoever happened to enter.
Then one day during his twelfth summer, Damion discovered that he could shift his body into a different form by focusing his magic inward on himself. He discovered this unusual ability by accident. He and Snowfeather were relaxing in the shade of the orchard, trying to stay cool in the muggy summer heat. He had stretched out lazily on a cool patch of moss below a fragrant apple tree and was resting his eyes while Snowfeather perched in the branches above, complaining loudly about the sun's glaring rays and the oppressive heat.
Damion had just fallen asleep when he was startled awake by the huge owl, who launched himself into the air, seeking the soothing darkness of the hollow, unable to endure the bright sunlight any longer. He watched as the graceful owl flew towards the enormous willow tree, then sat back dreaming of what it would be like to fly. Without realizing he was doing it, he drew in his magic as he pictured himself as a snowy owl, gliding lazily over the valley.
Suddenly, he didn't feel quite like himself. The sun seemed unnaturally bright, and irritated his eyes, and strange smells and sounds bombarded his senses, nearly overwhelming him. He sat up and stretched, wondering why he suddenly felt so strange, then abruptly discovered the reason. Looking at his outstretched arms, he saw long, gleaming white feathers instead of healthy pink flesh. He quickly looked himself over and was astonished to discover that he had somehow shifted himself into the form of an owl! A snow owl, just like Snowfeather!
It took him several moments of thought to figure out what he had done, but after mulling it over, he realized he must have somehow directed his magic inward on himself while daydreaming of flying, and this was the result.
After a few moments debate, he decided to enjoy his new talent and fly up to the hollow to surprise Snowfeather. He took a deep breath, then leapt into the air, flapping his wings furiously, intending to glide gracefully up to the great willow tree just like he had seen Snowfeather do countless times before. Instead, he immediately crashed to the ground amidst a flurry of feathers. He sat up and shook himself off, realizing there was a lot more to flying than flapping one's wings. He decided to summon Snowfeather to come and instruct him on the finer points of flying. “Snowfeather!” He shouted to the owl silently. “I need you! Come back to the orchard!”
Snowfeather, sensing the urgency in his master's thought, quickly flew back down to Damion's side. He nearly fell from the branch he had landed on at sight of Damion's new feathered form. “What happened to you?” He asked, his feathers fluffed in surprise.
“I’m not entirely certain, but it looks as though I have discovered a new use for my magic. One second, I was lying here dreaming of what it would be like to fly, and the next thing I know, I'm an owl, just like you!” He stretched his broad wings. “Can you teach me how to fly?”
“Well,” The huge owl chirped thoughtfully. “You certainly chose the perfect form in which to learn. And I am a most excellent flier.” He added rather smugly. “It shouldn't take very long to teach you the finer points of flight.” He glided over to Damion’s side. “Spread your wings like this.” He demonstrated by spreading his own wings wide. “Now, fan your tail feathers. They act as rudders and help you to control and stabilize your flight.”
Damion experimented spreading his wings and tail feathers, then turned back to Snowfeather. “Okay. Now what?”
“Now, you fly.” The huge snow owl leapt into the air, circled the clearing once, then returned to his master's side. “See? There's nothing to it.”
Damion hopped onto a nearby rock, then up to a low hanging branch. Looking around, he paused, having second thoughts. “Maybe this wasn't such a good idea.”
Snowfeather flew up to his side. “Nonsense. You’re not going to back out now. You wanted to learn how to fly. Here is your chance.”
Damion sighed. “Okay. I guess I can give it a try.” He drew a deep breath, then leapt into the air, flapping his wings wildly. He immediately crashed beak first to the ground.
Snowfeather burst into a fit of squawking laughter, nearly falling from his perch. “You’re trying too hard. You need to relax and let your instincts take over. It will come to you naturally.”
Damion’s second attempt was a little more successful. He managed to glide about a dozen yards before crashing headlong into an apple tree, sending Snowfeather into another fit of squawking laughter.
Finally, on his third attempt, he caught an updraft and soared easily up into the air where he began to circle the clearing, nearly overwhelmed with the sudden sense of freedom that seemed to envelop him. Soaring high into the air above, he effortlessly rode the winds, letting all his cares and worries slip away. He continued to climb higher and higher until he could see the entire valley. He gazed down at the small valley below, amazed at the ease at which he could glide on the gentle air currents. Once he relaxed his body, instinct kicked in, and he was no longer forced to concentrate on his movements. Time seemed to have no meaning as he continued to glide high above the secluded valley, soaking in every detail.
He had just started to fly over to explore the closest neighboring valley when he heard Snowfeather squawk a sudden warning. “Damion! Look out! Above you!”
Looking up, Damion spotted a large, fierce-looking eagle only a few dozen feet above him, poised for an attack. He twisted to one side, narrowly avoiding the eagle's razor-sharp talons, then began to panic as he watched the huge bird bank sharply to renew its attack.
Instinct suddenly kicked in, and he tucked his wings to his side, and dove as fast as his streamlined body would allow. The eagle banked once more in pursuit, screeching in outrage. He dove for the treetops of the orchard, weaving in and out of the canopy to slow the eagle's pursuit, then crash landed hard in some bushes. 
He shifted back into his own form and climbed to his feet, infuriated by the unprovoked attack, and immediately spotted the raptor circling overhead, still searching for its would-be victim. Drawing his magic, he sent an invisible pulse of energy at his attacker, striking the eagle full in chest. The bird disappeared in a sudden puff of feathers, which slowly began to drift towards the ground.
Damion fell to his knees, out of breath and shaken by the sudden attack. He had never had such a dangerous encounter before, and knew it was only by his familiar’s last second warning, and pure luck, that he was still alive.
Snowfeather quickly appeared at his side, breathing hard and looking disheveled. “Damion! Are you okay? I thought that eagle had you for sure!”
He drew a deep steadying breath as he tried to calm down. “I’m fine.” He said aloud. “Just a little shook up. Thanks for the warning. I'd have been a goner if it wasn't for you.” He rose to his feet and brushed himself off. “Why did it attack me like that? Did I do something to provoke it?”
“When you're a snow owl, you need not provoke an eagle for it to attack. Snow owls and eagles are mortal enemies.” The huge owl ruffled its feathers in disgust. “They attack us whenever they encounter one of us, usually killing us in the attack.”
“Why?” He asked, shocked.
“Instinct.” Snowfeather replied, flying up to land gently on his master’s shoulder. “It’s in their nature to attack us. It is one of the risks that you take when you are a snow owl.”
Damion sighed, shaken up by the entire event. He really didn't enjoy being attacked without warning or provocation. He turned and slowly made his way back to the cottage, glancing uneasily at the sky, searching for any more circling raptors.
Damarius was ecstatic over Damion's new ability, and for the next several months, they tested his new talent without any other complications, except for one unexpected event. 
It was an early autumn morning, and Damarius, Damion, and Snowfeather were gathered in the clearing in the center of the orchard. The old wizard was having him practice shifting into different forms, while the huge snowy owl watched from a nearby tree branch. Damion had just shifted into the form of a sleek black panther, one of his favorite forms in which to assume, and was attempting to shift back, when he suddenly sneezed, throwing off his concentration. He stopped mid-shift, not quite human, not quite feline. 
Snowfeather burst into a fit of uncontrollable squawking laughter at the sight of Damion covered in sleek black fur with a long whipping tail protruding from his backside, and long whiskers extending from a cat-like nose. Damarius did his best to hide his amusement, but failed, collapsing into his own fit of wheezing laughter.
Damion was so angry and embarrassed over his mistake that it took him nearly an hour to calm himself enough to shift back to normal. Every time he attempted to draw in his magic, Snowfeather would burst into another fit of mocking laughter, breaking his concentration. When he was finally able to resume his own form, he forbid the huge owl from attending any more lessons, knowing full well the snickering bird would ignore him.
After the event with the eagle, Lady Skie forbid Damion from shape shifting unless Damarius was there to supervise. She also forbid him from venturing outside of the valley, much to his disappointment. He argued that if anything were to happen, he could shift forms and escape, or use his magic to defend himself, but she steadfastly refused, explaining he was still much too young to be out exploring on his own. He begged and pleaded for several days without success, then finally gave up, and began spending more time hanging around Sly.
Lord Quickhand was an odd little fellow. Though he was reputed to the one of the best swordsmen on the continent, a great deal of his time was spent lounging around Damarius's ale kegs or stretched out on a pile of cushions snoring loudly. He seemed quite content on lying around, drinking himself into insensibility. Sometimes, he would sit next to the swift flowing stream with a long wooden pole, ale tankard in hand, cursing loudly at the fish that were refusing to take the bait that dangled from a small hook on the end of a piece of twine. But most of the time, he would give up after an hour or so, breaking his makeshift pole over one knee in disgust, and retreat into the cottage to linger near the ale keg.
After much coaxing and prying, Damion learned that Sly hailed from the port city of Sierra and had spent much of his life traveling to far away continents as a bodyguard for various merchant princes. His skills as a master swordsman brought a great demand for his services, and those who could afford to hire him had little to worry about when it came to the safety of their cargo, knowing with Sly watching over them, their valuables would be well protected.
On occasion, when the little man had imbibed a bit too much of Damarius's ale, he would regale Damion with adventures he had experienced while traveling through distant kingdoms, or sailing the wild seas, thousands of miles from their quiet little valley. Damion was always enthralled by the tales of battles and narrow escapes from hostile forces and spent a great deal of his spare time daydreaming about having his own adventures. He longed to travel abroad and to see the many sights that awaited him outside of the shelter of the valley, and it soon began to dominate his thoughts. He would fall asleep every night and dream of having his own adventures in far-off lands, using his skills and prowess as a warrior, and his powerful magic, to defeat whatever unspeakable evil he crossed.
But since Aunt Skie still refused to allow him to travel outside of the protection of the valley, he was forced to be content with his daydreams, though he vowed to himself that one day he would set off on his own adventure and conquer whatever evil that crossed his path.

**********

As the months passed, Damion continued to grow. By his thirteenth birthday, he stood a foot taller than any normal man, over seven feet. He had grown so large that he was forced to duck when entering a room to avoid hitting his head on the door frame. His body had become heavily-muscled from the years of training with Sly, though he still moved with the gracefulness of a cat. His legs were as thick as tree trunks, and his arms and chest were massive, but he was still capable of moving with amazing speed and in complete silence.
His swordsmanship had also progressed to the point where his skill nearly rivaled Sly's, and he soon learned to blend his magic with his swordsmanship, creating an offense that was nearly unstoppable. But after besting Sly for the first time using this technique, the little man forbid him from using magic during their training sessions, claiming it was 'unnatural'.
The day of his thirteenth birthday was an exciting one for Damion. He awoke to a beautiful sunny day, and after an enormous breakfast of eggs, bacon, ham, fruit, fresh bread, and sweet cakes, he and Snowfeather went outside to await Lord Michael's arrival. It wasn't long before his father and several of the castle soldiers appeared from the dense forest surrounding the cottage, looking a little disheveled from being forced to chop a path through the tangled undergrowth.
When he and his father embraced, Damion towered over Lord Michael, who marveled at how much he had grown since their last visit.
“Look at you!” Lord Michael stared at him proudly. “You’ve grown so much since my last visit! How is your training coming along?”
“Quite well.” Damion informed him proudly. “I manage to best Sly in nearly half our practice sessions now.”
“And your training with Damarius? How is that going?”
“It couldn’t be better.” He smiled. “I’ve picked up a few new tricks since your last visit. I think you’ll be impressed.”
Lord Michael was always certain to inquire on his training and studies and was never disappointed in his progress, though he had been surprised by Snowfeather's unexpected arrival, and it had taken several hours of explaining before he understood the concept of a familiar. He did not like the idea of his son having a bird of prey as a companion, but after seeing how much happier Damion had become since the huge bird arrived, he finally gave his consent.
After dinner, Damion and Lord Michael went for a walk in the orchard. Damion demonstrated the new techniques with the sword he had learned from Sly, then showed off his new ability to shift into a different form. He also regaled his father with the adventure that he had with the eagle and its unprovoked attack, and his narrow escape from certain death.
Lord Michael stared at his son with tears in his eyes. “I cannot believe my son is becoming a man. It seems like it was only yesterday that you were slipping from your crib and wandering around the castle, causing a general panic. Now look at you!” He smiled proudly. “Even I cannot match swords with you!”
Damion shook his head. “I’m still really just a child, father. I know nothing of the world outside of this valley. I have been sheltered here for almost eight years. The only things that I know I have learned from books.” He looked at his father seriously. “I want to go to explore the world and see the things I have learned about for myself. Until I can do that, I will never be a man.”
Lord Michael was quiet for a moment, considering his son's words, then shook his head. “I understand how you feel, Damion, but you’re not ready. It is a very cruel world outside of this valley, and I think you should wait until you complete your training before I allow you to go off adventuring on your own.”
“But I’ve already learned all that I can here!” Damion argued heatedly. “I have memorized nearly every book in Damarius's library, and even you said there are few that could match swords with me! I also have my magic to help me if I get into any trouble!” He added with a scowl. “I am able to protect myself far better than most others!”
His father frowned. “There are things in this world that even your magic may not be able to handle. I really think you should continue training, at least for a little while longer.”
Damion wanted to argue that he was larger, stronger, faster, and more intelligent than most men, but his father cut him off.
“I know that you are stronger and faster than almost anyone, but you are also different from normal men. Some may hold that against you and try to harm you. The weak fear those who are different from themselves, and I want to be sure you are fully prepared to protect yourself before I allow you to go off adventuring on your own.”
Damion sighed in resignation. “But when will I be ready? There isn't much left for me to learn here. My magic is even more powerful than Damarius's, and I have mastered how to control it. I can even shift into another form with only a second's thought. I have learned all that I can here.”
Lord Michael sighed. “I’ll make you a deal. If you agree to continue your training for a while longer, I will speak with Skie and Damarius about allowing you to explore a little ways outside of the valley. But only if Lord Quickhand is with you. Is it a deal?”
Damion smiled. “It’s a deal! Can I come to visit the castle and village sometime?”
“I don't see why not. Everyone at the castle would be overjoyed to see you.” He paused, smiling. “I'll tell you what. Why don't you return with me to the castle tomorrow? You can stay for a few weeks and see how the castle is ran. The responsibility of protecting it will fall to you one day, after all. Besides, it would be a great chance for us to spend some time together.”
Damion was both excited and frightened at the same time. “Can I really? You’re not afraid I might scare everyone, or accidentally blow up the castle or something?”
“Don’t be ridiculous.” His father scoffed. “Everything will be fine. You said it yourself; you are old enough to start learning about the outside world. Here is your chance!”
“What about Snowfeather? I can't just leave him behind. He is my familiar. He goes wherever I go.”
Lord Michael obviously did not care for the idea of Snowfeather accompanying them, but did not pursue the subject, realizing there was no use in arguing. He was just happy to have his son journeying home with him.
They returned to the cottage and informed Lady Skie and Damarius of their plans, then asked Sly to join them on their journey, just for the added protection.
Damion was a little hurt by Lady Skie's joyful response to the news that he would be leaving. She seemed to be a little too excited over their trip. He began to grow concerned that she had become sick of having him around. It wasn't until she noticed the hurt expression on his face that she gently explained that after thirteen years of caring for him, she would enjoy a short vacation of not having to worry about him. He wasn't sure if he fully accepted her explanation, but his excitement over the trip soon drove it from his mind.

**********

They set off for Sevria the next morning accompanied by Sly and the castle soldiers. The little man had readily agreed to join them, explaining he had been feeling a bit restless anyway and needed to get out of the valley for a while. After they said their goodbyes, they set off on foot with Snowfeather circling high overhead, his keen eyes on the lookout for any dangers.
Damion was extremely excited to finally be leaving the valley, and Lord Michael had to warn him repeatedly about wandering too far ahead of the group. They slowly made their way out of the valley, then pushed on steadily over the rough countryside. After hiking through the rocky and wooded terrain for most of the day, they decided to pause near the banks of a tiny stream to rest and catch their breaths.
After a quick lunch of bread and cheese, Damion and Snowfeather went exploring, being careful to keep the rest of the party in sight. When they returned a few minutes later, Damion wore a troubled expression.
“What is it, young one?” Lord Michael asked, noticing the troubled look on his son's face.
Damion scanned the surrounding area uncomfortably. “I don't know. Something doesn't feel right. Something feels... I don't know... wrong.” His eyes continued searching the area.
Lord Michael motioned for everyone to fall silent, sensing his son's discomfort.
Sly rose from where he lounged, his hand on the hilt of his sword. “What is it, Damion?”
Damion took one last look around, then quickly turned to stare at Sly. “Something is not right here. It’s far too quiet, and Snowfeather says there is an evil sent in the air.”
The little man grunted. “Send the bird ahead to scout around for any trouble.”
Snowfeather leapt into the air and began to circle the area. “I can’t see anything.” He reported to Damion after a few moments. “There are too many trees in the way. I am going to fly a little lower and investigate closer."
About thirty minutes went by without any word from the huge owl, and Damion began to grow increasingly concerned. He was preparing to go in search of his friend when there came the soft ruffling of feathers from above as Snowfeather glided gracefully into view. The snowy white owl landed gently on his outstretched arm, looking quite agitated.
“There is a large group of creatures about three hundred yards from here,” He reported silently. “and there is a gathering of over a hundred more camped out along this very same stream less than a mile away! They are all of over the area!”
Damion quickly relayed the news to the others.
“What do the creatures look like?” Sly asked, his eyes scanning the surrounding area for any signs of movement.
“Snowfeather says there are two different kinds of creatures gathered together. Some are scaled, with horned heads and long tails, the others are smaller, with greasy green skin and jutting teeth."
“Dragonspawn and goblins.” Sly grunted, looking worried. He shook his head, his expression confused. “I don’t understand. Dragonspawn and goblins are mortal enemies. They hate one another almost as much as they hate humans and elves. They would never join together.”
“There was something else.” Snowfeather chirped, stretching his wings to work out a cramp. “They appeared to be led by a human. He was yelling and giving orders, and they seemed to be quite afraid of him.”
Damion looked to his father, who was staring out at the surrounding terrain intently. “Snowfeather says there is a human with them. He seems to be the leader. They are acting as if they fear him.”
“What?” Lord Michael exclaimed in disbelief. “Is he sure that the human isn’t just being held captive? Those creatures would never follow a human, except to creep up on him and kill him!”
“Snowfeather says the human was barking orders to them, and they were following them without question. They seem to be terrified of him.”
“What does this human look like?” Sly asked, his hand still on the hilt of his sword.
“He is short and thin,” Snowfeather chirped. “with long white hair, and a scar on his face that travels from his right temple to the bottom of the left side of his jaw. He is wearing a grubby peasant's smock that looks as though it has never been cleaned, and he smelled abominable. The stench that wafted from him was enough to make my eyes water!"
Damion relayed this to Sly.
“What?” Sly burst out, the color draining from his face. He launched into a series of curses, then drew his sword, obviously intending on going off in search of the human.
“What is it?” Damion asked, surprised by his friend's behavior. “Do you know this man?”
Sly stopped, still cursing vehemently, then turned back to look at Damion and nodded. “His name is Kaviel. He is a mercenary, a common thug. He is scum.” His face was like a thundercloud. “I’ve been hoping to run into him again for a long time now. We have several old scores to settle with one another.”
“How is it that you know this man?” Lord Michael asked with a frown. “And why would he be accompanied by those creatures?”
The little man was silent for several moments. “We crossed paths many years ago.” He explained with a voice that trembled with anger. “I found him looting an isolated farmstead. He had already killed the man and woman that had lived there and was busy torturing a helpless child when I found him. He managed to get away, but not before I'm marked him across the face. I’ve come across him a few times since that day, but he always manages to escape. It’s been an ambition of mine to finish what I started in that farmhouse if I ever get the opportunity.”
“If he’s just a common thug, why is he traveling with those creatures?”
Sly shook his head. “I haven’t a clue. He’s a notorious coward. I don’t see how he could be leading a group of goblins and dragonspawn.” He cursed again. “I would love to know what he’s up to!”
“Well, now is not the time to find out.” Lord Michael told him in a firm tone. “We are in a rather precarious position right now. There are goblins and dragonspawn crawling all over the area. We need a plan.”
The little man shook away his anger, realizing Lord Michael was right. “If we move quickly, we should probably be able to avoid them. There is enough cover for us to remain hidden, but we will need to be very careful. If we run into any trouble, we will have to find somewhere that is defensible, and try to fight them off.”
Damion suddenly grinned a large mischievous grin. “I think I may have a better idea.” Before anyone could object, he shifted into the form of a panther and silently disappeared into the underbrush.
The soldiers from the castle stared stupidly at the spot where Damion had just stood, their eyes wide with disbelief. 
Lord Michael cursed and started to follow, but Sly held him back. “Don’t try to follow. You would never be able to catch him.”
“We can’t just sit here and wait until he returns!” Lord Michael protested, his voice filled with worry. “We need to go after him!”
“We haven’t any other choice. He’ll be back soon, and then we can continue on our way.” Lord Michael started to argue, but the little man quickly held up one hand. “Don't worry about Damion. He knows what he is doing.” He glanced at the soldiers, who were still staring at one another in stunned disbelief. “You men stay alert!”
The discipline of the hardened soldiers kicked back in, and they quickly took up posts around the campsite, though they were still quite pale from the shock of witnessing Damion vanish only to be replaced by a huge panther.
Lord Michael and Sly exchanged glances, but remained silent. There really wasn’t anything they could do except wait, and hope that Damion would return soon.

Chapter 4

Damion quickly made his way through the shadows and vegetation with Snowfeather gliding silently overhead leading him towards the area where the owl had spotted the creatures. He ignored a rabbit that burst from concealment a few feet ahead of him, resisting the impulse to give chase that was natural for a panther, and kept his mind on the task at hand. 
He had quickly learned that when he assumed the form of another animal, he also assumed their traits and instincts. A rabbit was natural prey for a panther, and his instincts told him to race to the attack. Normally, he would indulge in the hunt, but he had more pressing matters at hand.
It wasn't long before he began to pick up a foul stench in the air. He quickly followed the scent to a large group of short, disgusting-looking creatures that he guessed could only be goblins. They had grayish-green skin, and course shaggy hair that covered their oddly-shaped heads and backs. They had pig-like faces with large yellowish tusks that protruded from jutting lower jaws, and tiny pale eyes that seemed completely devoid of any color. They were armed with a variety of crudely-made clubs and spears, and many had fashioned themselves a sort of makeshift armor that appeared to have been pieced together from scraps of metal that had been salvaged and tied together with strips of leather. They were all resting together in a small clearing, grunting and squealing to one another in their crude language.
Damion silently circled the creatures to be sure that none were lurking outside of the clearing. He counted thirty in all, all resting together, and oblivious to his presence.
He settled down in the shadows and took a moment to carefully weigh his options, then drew his magic and focused it upon the ground on which the creatures were resting. At first, nothing seemed to happen. Then slowly, one by one, each goblin slowly began to sink into the ground, which had suddenly become like quicksand. It took several long moments for the creatures to realize their predicament, then one of them yelped in surprise, alerting the others. They began to thrash about, desperately trying to find some way to pull themselves to safety, but their thrashing only caused them to sink quicker. One by one, each goblin disappeared into the quicksand, leaving behind no trace of their presence.
After making sure that there weren’t any more of the creatures lurking nearby, he drew in his magic once again and focused it upon the clearing, transforming it back to solid ground, then searched for several minutes before picking up another scent, this one with a reptilian quality.
He silently followed the scent, slipping in and out of the shadows like a ghost, and soon came upon a large encampment of both dragonspawn and goblins. They were camped together in a large clearing, though they were obviously not very happy about it. The goblins were gathered together on one side of the camp, while the dragonspawn were gathered on the other. They each sat around their separate fires glaring at one another with hateful stares, but made no attempts to attack one another.
Damion counted nearly a hundred of the creatures altogether, but saw no sign of the human. Once again, he circled the camp, taking care not to be seen while he weighed his options. 
After thinking it over for several moments, he was struck by a sudden inspiration, and slipped silently into the shadows and shifted back into his human form. He searched the ground quietly for a few moments and gathered several fist-sized stones, then quietly crept closer to the clearing.
Aiming carefully, he threw one of the stones over the heads of the dragonspawn, hitting one of the goblins hard in the forehead, nearly knocking it unconscious. It squealed in pain, then leapt to its feet grunting and snarling in anger at the dragonspawn. One of the large scaly dragonspawn snarled back at the creature angrily, and made what Damion presumed to be a rude gesture. The goblin returned to its seat, still muttering and rubbing its forehead gingerly.
Damion silently circled the camp once more and stopped behind the goblins. Taking another stone, he hurled it over the goblins' heads, hitting one of the dragonspawn hard in the side of the head. It leapt to its feet wielding a spike-studded club, and snarled in rage at the goblins, who in turn, jumped to their feet brandishing their own weapons. He threw one last stone, striking the same dragonspawn solidly in the chest. That was all it took. The creature roared in rage, then charged at the goblins, who eagerly met its charge. 
Damion sat back in the shadows and watched in satisfied amusement as the two groups of creatures effectively slaughtered one another. When the battle was over, there were only three dragonspawn left alive, though one was mortally wounded. 
Damion calmly stepped out into the clearing and drew his sword, adrenaline pumping through his veins as he strode forward to battle the last of the surviving dragonspawn.
The largest dragonspawn, the same beast Damion had hit with the stones, spotted him and snarled, licking its dagger-like teeth with blood lust. It charged, swinging its spiked club wildly. Damion easily sidestepped the creature’s wild swings and thrust out a foot, tripping it up, and causing it to go tumbling head over heels. He easily ran the second dragonspawn through, then kicked its twitching body from his blade, and turned his attention back to the first beast, which was struggling back to its feet. It lunged at him, swinging wildly, but he nimbly sidestepped the lunging creature and kicked it hard in the pit of its stomach. It dropped its club and doubled over clinching its stomach. With an almost casual backswing of his sword, he removed its head, a little disappointed that it didn't put up a better fight.
He chuckled as he wiped the blood from his blade with the edge of his cloak. He had enjoyed dispatching the disgusting creatures. He was well-aware of the fact that the attack on his mother by the dragonspawn was the leading cause of her death, not to mention his deformity, and felt some measure of retribution had been served.
He discovered the last remaining dragonspawn had already succumbed to its injuries and felt a small pang of disappointment. He had enjoyed the rush of adrenaline he had felt during the battle and had hoped to finish the last one off himself, though he was rather surprised at his own ferocity.
He took one last look around clearing, then shifted once more into the form of a panther and slipped off into the shadows.
“Nice job back there.” Snowfeather praised as he glided down from above. “It almost looked as though you were having fun.”
Damion bared his fangs in a smile, but said nothing. He searched the area for any more of the creatures that may have been lurking about, or for any signs of the human that had been leading them, but finally gave up and made his way back towards to the spot he had left his father and the others.
He was nearing the clearing where he had last seen them when he heard a hoarse shout, then the fierce sounds of fighting. He raced through the underbrush, then burst into the clearing to find it nearly overran with dragonspawn. The soldiers from the castle were desperately trying to hold the reptilian creatures back, while Lord Michael and Sly were back-to-back, valiantly trying to fight the creatures off, but it was clear that they would soon fall.
Damion immediately shifted back into his own form and drew his sword, roaring in anger. He charged through the throng of scaly creatures, his sword flashing though the air faster than the eye could follow, causing the dragonspawn to fall back from him in fear, and scramble over one another to escape his rampage.
A sizzling pulse of energy suddenly surged from his fingertips, striking one of the cringing beasts hard in the chest, sending it flying through the air, where it crashed hard into several of its companions. A second burst of energy struck another beast beneath its upraised arm as it prepared to slash at Lord Michael, while a third struck a dragonspawn full in the face, sending both of the creatures tumbling limply through the air.
Damion suddenly dropped his sword and began throwing balls of pure white fire which formed in his hands as fast as he could throw them. He sent them streaking through the air, and the dragonspawn began to fall to the ground with large smoking holes appearing where ever the fireballs struck. Bodies began to pile up as he continued his attack on the panicking creatures with an animalistic viciousness that surprised everyone, until finally, the last few remaining dragonspawn broke and ran, desperately trying to avoid the deadly barrage of fireballs that continued to streak through the air.
Once the beasts had all disappeared, Damion retrieved his sword, then went to his father's side. “Are you okay?” He asked worriedly.
Lord Michael and Sly stood staring at him in shock. They could not believe the ferocity in which he had fought! He had torn through the entire group of dragonspawn single-handedly and didn’t have as much as a scratch on his body! 
“I’m fine.” Lord Michael told him with an angry expression. He was breathing hard and sweating profusely and had several minor scrapes and cuts on his face and arms, but otherwise appeared to be uninjured. “What do you think you were doing running off on your own like that?” He demanded in a furious tone. “You could have been killed!”
“I was in no danger.” Damion assured his father. “I was able to get rid of the rest of the dragonspawn and goblins that were camped upstream. I guess I must have missed these beasts somehow.” He gestured to the corpses that lay scattered about.
“They seemed to appear from nowhere and attacked without any warning.” Sly told him, his face dark. “Were there any signs of Kaviel?”
Damion shook his head. “I located a group of goblins not far from here, then another large camp of both goblins and dragonspawn farther upstream, but I didn’t see any sign of a human.”
Snowfeather suddenly flew up and landed on Damion's shoulder chattering angrily. “What did you think you were doing?” He squawked, pecking him hard on top of his head. “You're going to just charge right into a mob of those creatures? Are you stupid? Are you trying to get yourself killed? You’re just going to run off without a word, not even taking the time to consider what would happen to me if you got yourself killed?” He pecked Damion on top of his head once more, then fluffed his feathers indignantly.
“Ow!” Damion rubbed his head with one hand.
Lord Michael looked at Snowfeather, realizing the huge bird was angrily berating in his son. “Do you mind waiting until I am finished scolding him before you start? I am his father, you know.”
The huge snow owl fluffed his feathers again, but fell silent.
Lord Michael looked back at his son, his face stern. “I can’t believe you would run off like that without telling us what you were planning. That was very dangerous!” He made an unconvincing show of stomping around angrily, though it was obvious he was quite impressed by how well Damion had handled himself against the dragonspawn.
Damion hung his head in a show of shame, but inwardly smiled. It was clear he had surprised his father once again. He was certain that his father now knew he was quite capable of taking care of himself. “I’m sorry, Papa. I guess I should have told you what I was planning. It won't happen again.”
Lord Michael sighed, shaking his head in mock resignation. “What did you do?”
Damion quickly explained how he had dispatched the other creatures that he had located, then smiled when his father laughed.
“Quicksand?” Lord Michael was clearly impressed. “What made you think to use quicksand?”
Damion shrugged. “I didn't want to leave any trace of their presence behind, and that was the easiest way I could think of in such a short time.”
Sly checked each of the castle soldiers for any signs of life, but sadly reported that none had survived.
Lord Michael sighed heavily. “Well, there is nothing else we can do. Let’s get moving. I don't wish to hang around here any longer and invite more trouble. The...” He stopped abruptly, staring in disbelief at the arrow that was suddenly protruding from his chest.
Damion watched in horror as his father fell to the ground, his heart fatally pierced. “Father!” He screamed, rushing to Lord Michael's side, at the same time, searching for the unseen archer. 
Standing about thirty paces away, partially concealed by a large grove of bushes, stood the scar-faced human, Kaviel. The filthy-looking man tossed aside a large crossbow and laughed a cruel barking laugh.
Sly snarled in rage at the sight of the white-haired scoundrel, then ripped his sword from its sheath and charged towards him roaring in fury.
Kaviel laughed again, then raised his hand, revealing a large red gem which was glowing with an unholy light. In the blink of an eye, the scar-faced man disappeared, his cruel laughter echoing hauntingly for a moment before fading away.
Damion gently cradled his father's head in his lap, tears flowing down his cheeks. He tried to pack cloth around the wound to stop the blood flow, but soon realized it was useless. His father was already gone. He let out an inhuman howl of anguish that resounded through the mountaintops. The feeling of loss was nearly unbearable! He felt as though he was having a nightmare from which he couldn't wake.
Sly searched the area for any signs of Kaviel, then quickly gave up and went to Damion's side. His face was sad as he put his hand on his pupil's shoulder. “There isn't any sign of Kaviel anywhere. He just vanished. It seems he used magic, though I have never known him to use it before.”
Damion looked up and wiped his eyes, his despair slowly being replaced by a burning anger. “Why would he do this? Why would he kill my father?” His eyes began to glow an eerie red as the anger continued to build.
The little man shook his head. “I don't know, young one, and we haven't time to sit and debate his reasoning. We will have to make a litter for your father's body, then find a place to bury him once we are safe. We cannot remain here. The dragonspawn and goblins may return with reinforcements.”
“Bury him?” Damion exclaimed, outraged by the suggestion. “We can't bury him out here in the middle of nowhere! He deserves a proper burial!”
“We haven't any choice, Damion. We will never make it to the castle if we have to carry his body the entire way.” Sly looked at him, his expression sympathetic. “Your father would want us to make it to the village safely.” The little man sighed sadly. “We haven't any other choice. I am sorry, but this is the way it has to be.”
Damion's face grew red with anger as he struggled to keep himself under control. He knew that Sly was right, but the shock of his father's death still numbed his senses. He knew there wasn't any other option but to leave his father's body behind, but the thought of such an act tore at his heart. He finally agreed, then lifted his father's body into his arms effortlessly, and set off in search of a suitable burial site.
After several miles, they discovered a small grove with soft, fertile earth, not far from a small natural spring. He gently laid his father's body aside and set to digging a grave, once again refusing Sly's offer of assistance. Once he had the grave deep enough to prevent it from being disturbed by scavengers, he gently lowered his Lord Michael's body down and covered him over. He then collected a number large of stones and laid them atop the grave to further protect it from being disturbed. He finished by driving his father's sword deep into the earth at the head of the grave. 
When he was finished, he turned to Sly, who had watched him toil in silence. “Make camp.” He ordered the little man, his face like granite. “I would like to spend a little time alone here, please.” His eyes reflected his pain, though his face remained emotionless. “I will be along in a little while.”
Sly started to argue, but was silenced by Damion's grave expression. He nodded, then quietly moved a short distance away and began to set up camp.
Once he was alone, Damion bowed his head in honor of his father and begin to weep, his heart aching with sorrow. After a while, he heard the soft rustling of feathers as Snowfeather appeared from the shadows and landed on a nearby branch. 
“Damion?"
Damion sighed deeply. “Where did you disappear to?” He asked aloud, his voice hardly more than a whisper.
“I was searching for any sign of that human from the air.” The normally boisterous owl was unusually subdued. “I am sorry for your loss. I liked your sire. He will be missed.”
Damion bowed his head for a moment, then asked. "Did you find any signs of Kaviel?"
“Nay. There was no sign of him anywhere. But there seems to be some kind of disturbance to the southwest. There was a lot of smoke, but it was too far away for me to investigate.”
Damion sighed again, then rose to his feet. “We had better tell Sly. I'm sure he would want to know about this.” He slowly started off, then paused, turning back towards his father's grave. He drew in his magic and focused it upon the fertile earth around the grave. Slowly, a number of small green sprouts appeared, growing rapidly larger and spreading into thick vines that completely engulfed the grave. With a quick gesture, the vines suddenly bloomed into hundreds of colorful fragrant roses. He bowed his head once more and whispered fiercely. “I am sorry, father. I must leave you now. We have no other choice. But know this! I will avenge you! I will make this man suffer for what he has done! This I swear!” His eyes flared a fiery red with this oath, glowing eerily in the evening gloom.
Sometime later, he sat quietly near the fire, unable to sleep. Sly was also awake, silently tending to the fire. The little man had been silent since Damion joined him at the camp, though it was obvious that he wished to talk. Finally, he sighed, then went to Damon’s side. “May I sit?”
Damion shrugged his indifference.
Sly sat down, looking a little uncomfortable. “Where’s the feather duster?” He asked, referring to Snowfeather. “I haven't seen him in a while.”
Damion chuckled despite his grief. “He went hunting for his dinner. He should be returning soon.”
The little man shifted uncomfortably. He had never been any good at lending moral support. “I am really very sorry about your father. He was a good man.” He paused, unsure how to continue. “I know you probably do not wish to talk about this, but we really need to make some decisions before we reach the village.”
“I’m not going to the village.” Damion replied, his face like stone. “I'm going to return to the valley.”
Sly shook his head. “No, you're not.”
Damion looked at him in confusion. “What do you mean?”
“You may not realize this, but with your father's death, you are now the Lord of Castle Rosewood. You will have to return to Sevria and take on your father's responsibilities.”
“That’s ridiculous.” Damion scoffed dismissively. “I don't know the first thing about running a castle. I wouldn't know what to do. Besides, I doubt if anyone would accept me as the new lord of the castle.”
Sly decided not to press the subject, not wanting to upset the grieving boy further. “Why don't we get some rest and discuss this in the morning?” He rose to his feet. “Try to get some sleep. We will decide what to do tomorrow.” He stretched out on his bedroll, but was startled back to his feet by Snowfeather, who was returning from his nightly hunt.
Settling on Damion's shoulder, the huge owl was panting heavily, and obviously exhausted. “Damion, we have a big problem! I decided to investigate that disturbance I saw to the southwest while I was hunting.”
Sly watched as the color drained from Damion's face. “What is it? What is wrong?”
“They're gone!" Damion's face was shocked. "The castle and the village! They're gone!” 
“What do you mean, they're gone? Damion, what has happened?” The little man was growing alarmed.
At first, Damion could not bring himself to answer, then he finally forced himself to reply. “The village and the castle... They have been completely destroyed!”

**********

They came upon the ruins of Sevria and Castle Rosewood late the following evening. The village had been burned to ash and was still smoldering in many spots, and the castle had been completely reduced to rubble. Nothing had been left standing. The bodies of the villagers and merchants were scattered about the devastated village, charred beyond recognition. The bittersweet smell of burnt human flesh permeated the air, choking any who breathed too deeply, and causing them to gag uncontrollably. There was nothing left of the small village, and it appeared there had been no survivors.
Damion was horrified by the destruction they found. The village was unrecognizable from the bustling little town he remembered leaving eight years before. He gazed around the smoke-filled clearing in a dazed confusion. “What could have caused such complete destruction?” He asked in a sick voice. “There is nothing left! Why didn't any of the villagers flee? It's as though they were killed where they stood, without any resistance at all!”
Sly shook his head. “I don't know. It looks like everyone was burned alive, but I don't know of anything that could have caused such devastation. The castle has been ripped apart stone by stone! I've never seen anything like this!” He shook his head again. “This wasn't the work of any army, I know that much.”
The scruffy little man suddenly paused as the soft sound of crying reached their ears. He motioned for Damion to stay silent, then quickly followed the sound to a large grove of bushes a few hundred feet from the edge of the ruined village. They cautiously approached, prepared for an ambush or attack.
“Who is there?” Damion demanded, his hand on the hilt of his sword. “Show yourself!”
The crying abruptly stopped, but no one emerged. The sound of someone or something breathing very hard was clearly audible.
Sly motioned for Damion to relax. “Do not worry.” He called in a reassuring tone. “We are not here to hurt to you. We may be able to help you, if you let us.”
At first, no one emerged, then the bushes slowly parted and a young girl of about fourteen years stepped out. She was dressed in a tattered dress that had been ripped in several places and was covered in filth. She was caked with mud from head to toe, and her long golden hair was tangled and matted with dirt and leaves. She had huge emerald eyes that were wide with fear, and it was obvious that it had been several days since she had last eaten. She looked at Sly fearfully, then let out a scream of terror as Damion stepped forward from the shadows, towering over her like a giant. Her eyes suddenly rolled up into the back of her head, and she collapsed into a heap at their feet.
Damion stepped back from the unconscious girl, unsure how to react. He had never frightened anyone that badly before. He suddenly felt like some kind of a freak or monster. He turned to Sly, the hurt and confusion plain on his face.
“Don’t worry, young one.” The little man reassured him. “She will be fine. You may as will get used to that type of reaction from people. You are a rather intimidating-looking fellow, you know.” He gently lifted the girl's limp form into his arms and carried her over to the remains of the castle.
They built a small fire and placed the young girl nearby, then quickly set up camp for the evening. Once they were done, Damion quietly retreated into the shadows and away from the fire so not to frighten the girl when she awoke. He was still shaken up by her reaction and wasn't quite sure how he should handle it. His father and Aunt Skie had been warning him for years that some individuals may react in such a manner, but he was still not prepared for it. The sudden prospect of going through the rest of his life shunned and rejected by the world was horrifying.
When the girl finally awoke, she sat up and looked around the camp in a panicked confusion. She gasped as she spotted Sly sitting calmly on the other side of the fire. “W-Who are you? Where are we?”
“Do not worry.” The little man spoke gently so he wouldn't scare the frightened young girl any further. “You are safe. My name is Sly, and I’m a friend. We are in what remains of Castle Rosewood.”
The girl looked around the ruins nervously. “W-What happened to that giant monster?”
Sly winced at the word monster, then coughed uncomfortably, and gave the girl a disapproving look. “That was no monster. That was my friend, Damion, and he is sitting right over there.” He motioned to Damion's hulking form sitting in the shadows.
The young girl's eyes grew wide with fear as he slowly rose to his feet and stepped into the light of the fire. She once again screamed in terror, then jumped to her feet and tried to run, but was stopped by Sly, who grabbed her firmly by her arm. “Calm yourself, girl! I have already told you that you are safe. Nothing will harm you here.” He gestured for Damion to sit, then turned back to the girl, his voice once again soft and reassuring. “Just calm yourself. We have no wish to harm you.” He released her trembling arm, then gestured towards the fire. “Sit. We will be eating soon. You look like you're-half starved.”
The frightened girl stared at him for several moments, then gave Damion a fearful glance, and went to crouch near the fire, clearly ready to flee at the first sign of trouble.
Sly returned to the fire side and began to make a stew from the dried meat and vegetables from their packs. “What is your name?” He asked, slowly stirring the stew as it boiled.
The girl glanced at Damion once more, then hesitantly said. "K-Kariah. M-My name is Kariah."
“Tell us, Kariah, what happened here? What destroyed the village and castle?”
The girl's face went pale, and she shuddered visibly. “It-It was some kind of a huge beast!” She said, her voice scarcely above a whisper. “It fell from the sky without any warning, belching fire over everything! I was returning from gathering herbs when it attacked. It killed everyone with a single blast of its fiery breath, then ripped the castle to pieces!” She began to cry. “It killed all of my family and friends! I am the only one that survived!” She buried her face in her hands, weeping uncontrollably. “I am all alone!”
Sly looked shocked. “What you’re describing is a dragon, but the dragons all disappeared centuries ago.”
Kariah looked up, tears still running down her cheeks. “After the beast destroyed the castle and made sure that everyone was dead, a group of horrible-looking creatures descended on the village and tore what was left of it apart. They were led by a human, a scar-faced man with white hair. He had them search the entire village for something, but I don't think they found what they were looking for.” Her face was dangerously pale, and she trembled uncontrollably. “Once everything had been searched and looted, the white-haired man got angry, then climbed atop the beast’s back and flew off. The other creatures just disappeared back into the forest.”
Damion growled a deep angry growl, causing the young girl to jump fearfully. “Kaviel!” He snarled, rising to his feet and cursing vehemently. “First, he kills my father, then he destroys my village and kills everyone! By the gods, when I get my hands on him, I am going to make him suffer!”
Kariah slowly began to inch away from him, her eyes wide with fear.
Seeing her reaction, Damion quickly returned to his seat, and tried to calm himself. “I apologize if I frightened you. I mean you no harm.”
The young girl seemed to relax a little. “Y-You said that this was your village? I have lived here my entire life, and I have never seen you here before.” She watched him nervously.
Damion smiled a sad smile, then nodded. “I was born here at the castle, but left when I was very young to begin my studies and training. My father was lord of the castle here.”
Kariah suddenly smiled. “Lord Michael is your father? He is a good man!” She frowned. “He left the village several days ago and has yet to return.”
Damion bowed his head sadly. “My father was killed by the white-haired man, Kaviel. He and his goblins and dragonspawn attacked us, and he shot my father in the heart with a crossbow.”
The young girl gasped, putting her hand to her mouth. “Oh no! How terrible!” Her eyes welled up with tears. “I will miss him. He was a good man. He genuinely cared about his people.”
Damion nodded sadly, then forced himself to put his grief aside. “In which direction did the dragon fly when they departed?”
The young girl thought quietly for a moment. “South, I think.” She stared at him for a moment in confusion. “You're not planning on going after that thing, are you? That monster destroyed the entire village! How will you stop it?”
Sly chuckled. “Our large friend here can do things that most people can only dream about. Kaviel has signed his own death warrant when he crossed Damion’s path. He will pay for what he's done, you can bet on that!”
Kariah looked at Damion, her eyes questioning. “What is he talking about?”
“I am a sorcerer.” He explained uneasily, remembering the fact that most people feared magic-users. “I can use magic. That's why my father sent me away from the village, so I could learn how to control my powers without accidentally hurting someone.”
There came a sudden ruffling of feathers as Snowfeather appeared from the darkness returning from his nightly hunt. Kariah screamed in fear as the ghostly bird silently glided over to land atop Damion's broad shoulder.
“Don’t worry,” He reassured her, looking away to hide his amusement. “This is Snowfeather. He is a snow owl. He is my friend, and my familiar.”
“What is a familiar?”
“We are linked by my magic. We can hear one another's thoughts and feel what one another feels.”
The young girl frowned. “You can speak with it? That must be ...uh... unusual.” She seemed quite unfazed now that her initial fright had diminished. She stared at Snowfeather with wide eyes. “I have never seen such a beautiful bird before.”
Snowfeather fluffed his feathers at the compliment, and Damion laughed. “You may not realize it, but you have just made a new friend.”
She laughed a little nervously. “He is a snow owl?”
Damion nodded. “He is one of the largest and rarest birds to fly these mountains.” Snowfeather squawked loudly, and he laughed again. “And most beautiful.” He added quickly. He watched with fond eyes as his familiar launched himself into the air and glided silently back into the darkness.
Kariah smiled, then began looking around the ruined village with haunted eyes. “Should we really stay here? What if the dragon, or those creatures return? We could be killed!”
Damion shook his head. “There isn't anything for them to return to. The dragon made sure of that.”
Sly nodded in agreement. “They will not return. I know Kaviel. He will not waste his time coming back. What I don’t understand is where he found a dragon. They disappeared hundreds of years ago!"
Damion suddenly remembered something. “Did you notice the jewel that Kaviel grabbed right before he vanished?”
The little man thought for a moment. “Aye, I think I do recall seeing him grab a large red jewel just before he vanished. Do you think it may have something to do with the dragon?”
The huge warrior shrugged. “Possibly. It radiated with power. It may be what he is using to control the beast. It would also explain how he was able to just disappear like that. You said he had never used magic before now. Maybe the gem is the source of his magic.”
Sly slowly nodded his agreement. “It makes sense. What do you think we should do?”
Damion thought it over for a moment. “I think we should return to the valley and let Damarius and Aunt Skie know what has happened. We will decide on our next step from there.” He turned to Kariah. “Do you have any family or friends in any of the nearby villages?”
The young girl shook her head, her eyes welling up with tears. “All of my family was killed by the dragon. I haven't anywhere to go. I don’t know what I'm going to do.” She buried her face in her hands and began to cry.
Damion, unsure how to comfort her, began to shift uncomfortably. “You can travel with us to the valley.” He offered with a shrug. “I can guarantee you’ll be safe there.”
She quickly looked up from her hands. “I can?” Then she lowered her head. “But I am afraid. I have lived in this village all my life with my family. I feel lost without them. I don’t know what I should do!”
“You can travel with us to Damarius’s valley and stay at the cottage as long as you would like.” He reassured her gently. “You will be safe there.”
“I don’t want to be an inconvenience.”
Sly snorted. “Everything that has happened lately has been an inconvenience.”
Damion smiled. “It’s settled. You will come with us.” He settled down next to the fire and sighed heavily. “I never dreamed all of this could happen on my very first journey out of the valley.”
Kariah looked at him in confusion. “What do you mean, your very first journey? You are a grown man, and obviously a warrior. How could this be your first journey?"
Damion blushed, embarrassed by her sudden interest. “I have never left the valley where I grew up until now. I have spent most of my life practicing my magic, and training to be a warrior with Sly.”
She looked at him with one eyebrow arched. “Exactly how old are you?”
He blushed even brighter. “I am thirteen. I know that I look much older though.”
The young girl giggled. “Thirteen?” She turned to Sly, obviously doubting his story. “Is he joking?”
Sly shook his head. “Nay. He’s not joking. Everything he has said is the truth.”
She giggled again.
“How old are you?” Damion asked the young girl curiously.
“Actually, I'm two hundred and forty-two in human years.” Noticing his confused look, she laughed, then drew back her matted hair to reveal a pair of delicately-pointed ears. “I'm an elf, see? We live much longer than humans, so we recognize time differently.”
“I’ve never met an elf before. Are they all as tiny and delicate as you?” He suddenly blushed a bright red as he realized what he said.
Kariah blushed at the compliment, her face turning nearly as red as Damion’s. “Most elves are much smaller in stature than humans, though nearly everyone is tiny when compared to you.”
Sly, who had been trying to hide his amusement, began ladling the stew into small tin bowls, and handed one to each of them. The young girl fell into the stew ravenously, obviously half-starved from her ordeal. The little man refilled her bowl twice more before her hunger was finally satisfied. Damion, of course, finished off the remains of the stew, his huge appetite demanding large amounts to fuel his massive body. Once they had all eaten their fill, they stretched out their bedrolls next to the fire.
“So, what's the plan?” Sly asked, yawning hugely.
Damion was quiet for a long moment. “We will set off for the cottage at first light. Aunt Skie and Damarius need to know what has happened.”
“And then?”
“Then we track down the man who killed my father.” He growled so fiercely that Kariah jumped slightly. He forced himself to remain calm, then turned to the young girl. “It is getting very late, and you will need your rest." He began rummaging through his pack and produced a thick woolen blanket, which he handed to her with an awkward shyness. He then retreated into the shadows beyond the fire light, and settled against a crumbled stone wall, watching in silence as the young elf maiden curled up near the fire.
He struggled with the sudden flood of strange emotions he felt when he gazed at the young elf maiden, and how sick he had felt during those first few moments when she had thought him a monster, unable to make sense of everything he was suddenly feeling.
Snowfeather reappeared from the gloom and settled on top of the crumbling wall, a huge rat clamped firmly in his beak. “You seem to be quite taken with this female.” He commented as he began to devour his prey. “Are you considering taking her for a mate?”
Damion laughed out loud, drawing strange looks from Sly and Kariah. “A mate?” He asked silently. “I’m far too young to take a mate. Besides, she’s an elf!” He glanced over at the young girl as she stretched out to sleep. “Although, she is rather appealing, isn’t she?” He sat back quietly, staring up at the stars, his mind a welter of confused thoughts and feelings. So much had happened in such a little time that he was still in shock.
He was so preoccupied with his thoughts that he didn't even notice Sly as he approached. “It seems you have made a new friend.” He commented, grinning knowingly. “She seems to be quite taken with you.”
Damion blushed in embarrassment. “Uh, yeah...I guess.” He remembered the look of fear in her eyes when she first saw him, and the sick feeling returned. “S-She's... uh ... very nice.” He grumbled miserably.
Sly chuckled, not noticing his inner dilemma. “She’s rather attractive, don't you think? Or she will be once she washes off all the mud, that is.”
Damion coughed uncomfortably as his old friend continued to watch him with a grin, then changed the subject. “So where do you think Kaviel found that dragon?”
The little man shook his head. “I don't know. A dragon hasn't been seen in the world for over four hundred years. No one knows what happened to them, but there are many who have theories. And for that dog, Kaviel, to suddenly have control of one of the beasts is baffling! He has never been more than a petty lowlife who wallows in debauchery.” He sighed heavily. “I guess there's really no way of knowing, short of walking up and asking him, and I really don't think he'd tell us if we did.”
Damion snorted. “He wouldn't live long enough to answer the question.” He frowned. “What about the dragonspawn and goblins? Why would they willingly follow a human?”
“I’m guessing that the dragonspawn probably worship the dragons. They probably look upon them as if they were gods. The goblins, on the other hand, would fear the dragon. They are probably following Kaviel to avoid the dragon’s wrath.”
“But why would he destroy Sevria and murder my father?” Damion demanded furiously. “What would he gain by such an act?” The anger that boiled inside him threatened to burst loose. It was only with supreme effort he was able to keep it under control.
Sly shook his head. “I’m not sure, but from the way it sounds, it seems he is searching for something.” He grunted, scratching his scraggly beard. “Well, I know one thing, the answers won't fall from the sky. Let's get some rest. We'll set off at first light.”
Damion watched in silence as the little man settled himself down for the night, then silently asked Snowfeather to stand watch over the camp and fell into a fitful sleep.

Chapter 5

They set off early the next morning after a hasty breakfast of bread and cheese. The enormity of their plight had finally begun to sink in, casting a depressing aura over the small group. They kept moving as quickly as they could, seldom stopping for rest, though being extremely careful to avoid any further ambushes. It took them two days of hard travel to reach the familiar little valley. They carefully made their way down the cliff sides, then carved their way through the thick underbrush of the forest that surrounded the cottage.
When they finally broke through to the clearing in the center of the valley, they found Damarius and Lady Skie waiting in front of the cottage, obviously alerted by the magical enchantment that surrounded the valley. They ran forward to meet Damion and the others as they approached the cottage. 
“What’s happened?” Lady Skie asked, rushing forward to meet them, her face clouded with concern. “Why have you returned so early? Where is your father?”
Damion shook his head gravely. “Let us all go into the cottage first. A lot has happened since we left. We'll need some time to explain everything.”
Lady Skie started to argue, but was silenced by the grave tone in his voice. She looked at Kariah curiously for a moment, then led everyone to Damarius’s study. Once everyone had made themselves comfortable, she quickly fetched a platter of cold deer meat and a large pitcher of milk.
Sly glanced at the milk doubtfully. “I don't think milk is strong enough for what we have to say. Do you have any ale?” 
Lady Skie glanced at momentarily at her father, then nodded.
“Then you'd better bring the entire keg. We are all going to need a drink.”
She hesitated a moment, then quickly left the study only to return a minute later with a small barrel of ale. After handing each of them a tankard of the foaming brew, she settled down in one of the overstuffed chairs, her face apprehensive.
Damion took a long pull of the bitter drink, then took a deep breath. “I guess I should start at the beginning.” He was his voice grim. “It began when we stopped to rest near a stream, a half day's hiking from the valley. Snowfeather was flying overhead to keep a watch for danger when he spotted a large party of goblins and dragonspawn a mile or so downstream.”
“Preparing to slaughter one another, no doubt.” Damarius said, nodding his head sagely, causing his long brow lock to fall into his eyes.
“I’m afraid not.” Sly said, shaking his head. “They were traveling together as a pack.” 
“Dragonspawn and goblins?” The elderly wizard snorted in disbelief. “Traveling together? Impossible! Those creatures could never coexist together as a pack!”
“There’s more. They were being led by a human.”
The old man looked shocked. “Are you sure that it was a human? Dragonspawn and goblins hate humans even more than they hate one another. They'd never willingly follow a human’s orders!”
“He’s human.” Sly grumbled, draining his tankard, then refilling it from the barrel. “His name is Kaviel, and he's one of the lowest forms of scum that exists.”
“I shifted forms,” Damion continued. “and tracked two parties of the creatures down and took care of them, but I couldn't find any sign of Kaviel anywhere, so I went back to where I left the others. When I got there, I found them under attack by another group of dragonspawn. We managed to fight them off, but the creatures killed all of the castle soldiers.” He refilled his mug and took a long drink. “We were preparing to set off again for Sevria when Kaviel appeared out of nowhere with a crossbow.” His voice wavered slightly. “Father was struck in the heart.” Tears began to flow freely from his eyes. “He didn't make it.”
Lady Skie gasped, her hands flying to her mouth, then she began to weep.
Damarius put his arms around his daughter consolingly, then looked to Damion. “I’m very sorry, young one. I liked your father very much. He was a good man.”
Damion nodded, then took a deep breath and continued. “I’m afraid that isn't all. We were forced to bury father in a small clearing not far from where we were attacked, and we were trying to decide what to do next, when Snowfeather noticed a disturbance to the southwest. He flew over to investigate and discovered that Sevria and Castle Rosewood have been completely destroyed.”
“No!” Damarius and Lady Skie screamed as one. “How? What happened?”
“Well...” He hesitated a moment. “We believe it may have been a dragon.”
“A dragon?” The old man scoffed in disbelief. “That’s not possible! The dragons disappeared over four hundred years ago! They don't exist anymore!”
“I saw it.” Kariah said in a quiet voice, her eyes haunted by the memory. “It flew down from the sky, breathing fire over everything. It destroyed the village, then ripped the castle apart. I am the only one that survived.” She looked at Damarius, her face pale. “It was a dragon. I have no doubt about this.”
Sly nodded. “And that's not all. According to Kariah, there was a human riding atop the dragon. By her description, I am positive that it was Kaviel, the scoundrel that murdered Lord Michael.”
“We have reason to believe he is using a strange blood red gem to control the dragon.” Damion continued. “I saw the gem for a moment before he disappeared. It radiated with a power unlike any you have ever taught me to recognize.” He took another long drink of the bitter tasting ale, then refilled his tankard. His senses were becoming numb from the drink, something for which he was immensely grateful. He suddenly understood Sly's almost unnatural obsession with drinking. “Kaviel grabbed the gem just before he disappeared, and Sly says he has never known him to use magic before. It may also be how he is controlling the dragonspawn and goblins. They seemed to be terrified of him.”
The old man's expression was grave. “This is grim news indeed. If this Kaviel is in control of a dragon, he could wreak havoc over the entire continent. He has to be stopped.” He brushed his brow lock from his eyes absently, then looked at Sly. “What exactly do you know of this man?”
Sly shrugged. “He’s the worst kind of scum. A mercenary for hire. He has no morals and is extremely unbalanced. He kills just for the pleasure of killing. He's capable of anything.” He drained his tankard, then belched loudly. “But I do know this, he will cause untold destruction wherever he goes with such power at his command.”
Damion nodded his agreement, then glanced over at Kariah, who had succumbed to her exhaustion, and was sleeping soundly in the overstuffed chair in which she sat. “I think it’s time that we got some rest. We'll finish this discussion in the morning.”
“That is a good idea.” Damarius said, rising to his feet. “Get some rest. You have had a very trying experience. In the meantime, I'll pour through my library and see if I can discover anything about the gem that he carried.”
Damion nodded, then gently lifted Kariah into his arms and carried her to the guest quarters where he tucked her into the large feather bed. He turned to leave, but felt a gentle touch on his arm.
“Can you stay for a moment?”
He glanced down to see the young elf maiden staring up at him with a strange look in her eyes. She motioned for him to sit, then said. “I would like to apologize for the way I treated you when we first met. I treated you so horribly, yet you still protected me and brought me with you. I owe you my life. I will always be in your debt.”
Damion coughed uncomfortably. “There is no need to apologize or to thank me. I couldn't have I left you alone to fend for yourself. It is way too dangerous out there. Besides,” His face flushed a bright crimson. “I enjoy your company.”
Kariah smiled at him sweetly, then closed her eyes.
Damion stumbled to his own room in a daze where he laid awake for quite some time, confused by the strong attraction he felt for the elf maiden, before finally falling into a fitful sleep.
The next morning, Damarius led Damion and Sly to the small clearing in the center of the orchard to discuss what he had been able to learn during the night.
“I have discovered a few things that may be of some use.” The old man said, taking a seat atop a large boulder. “I discovered an old legend detailing the disappearance of the dragons. According to the diary of a young boy who was the apprentice of a very powerful sorcerer, his master had devised a way to trap the entire race of dragons inside of a large ruby that was enchanted to draw the magical essence from the enslaved beasts and focus it to the will of the one who possessed the stone. It was called the Dragon Gem.”
“That has to be it!” Damion exclaimed. “The gem Kaviel carried! It must be the Dragon Gem!”
The old wizard nodded. “It would seem so. Anyone who possessed the gem would have untold power and control of the great serpents trapped inside.”
“It certainly fits.” Sly agreed. “I have never known the scar-faced dog to use magic before now, and our paths have crossed on several occasions.”
“There is some good news, though,” Damarius continued. “It seems the full power of the gem cannot be released without the gem's counterpart, the Dragon Sword. Without it, he can only use a fraction of the Dragon Gem's true power.”
“Even if he can only use a fraction of the gem's power, Kaviel can still cause vast destruction.” The little man grunted. “As long as he controls that dragon, he's almost unstoppable.”
“Where is this Dragon Sword now?” Damion asked, though he already knew the answer.
Damarius shrugged. “The last entry in the apprentice's diary said that they were to make a journey to a small valley in these very mountains, where his master, a sorcerer named Balik, would perform his magic. He never made another entry. The date in the journal closely matches the time when the dragons suddenly disappeared. We can only assume that this sorcerer was successful. But since no one has been able to locate the Dragon Gem or Dragon Sword, most believe the story to be nonsense.”
“Well, we now know that the gem is real, so that also means that the sword isn't just a legend.” Sly theorized. “That must be what Kaviel is searching for. He must be tearing the continent apart looking for the Dragon Sword. And if I know him as well as I think I do, he isn’t going stop until he finds it.”
“We have to stop him.” Damion said fiercely. “We cannot let him find that sword. No one will be able to stop him once he gets his hands on it.”
“What do you suggest we should do?” The little man asked, although he already knew what Damion’s answer would be.
Damion was silent for a moment. “I’m going after him.” He said finally, his mind made up. “I have to get that gem away from him somehow. Then,” His eyes flashed red with anger. “I will make him pay for what he’s done.”
Damarius looked dubious. “I’m not sure that's such a good idea, young one. We haven't any idea of the power that gem possesses. And there is still that dragon you must get through to get to Kaviel.”
 “There isn’t any other choice.” Damion told him grimly. “I may be the only person that would have a chance of stopping him. I must get that stone away from him, even if it costs me my life.” His expression was grave. It was obvious he had made up his mind.
“Well,” Sly said, climbing to his feet. “I guess we had better start preparing. I have the feeling this is going to be a very long journey.”
Damion gave him a confused look. “What do you mean, ‘we’?”
The scruffy little man snorted in amusement. “You don't think I'm going to let you have all of the fun, do you? Besides,” He grinned impishly. “You're going to need someone to help keep you from getting lost.” 
Damarius looked at them as if they were both crazy. “You cannot be serious about doing this! How are you going to stop a dragon?”
Damion shrugged. “We’ll figure something out when the time comes.”
The old wizard shook his head in disbelief. “Facing a dragon head on is suicide, even for one with your powers. You need to have an edge when you face it. You need to find the Dragon Sword.”
“I thought you said it was lost.”
“It is, but finding it is your only chance on defeating the dragon.” The old man quickly withdrew a map from his robe pocket and unfolded it. “The sorcerer who created the sword and gem supposedly hailed from the area around Crete, in foothills between the Godstear Mountains and the grasslands of the Deola. That would be the most logical place to start your search.”
“We’ll begin our search there, then.” Sly decided with a nod. 
“You know Skie is going to have a fit when she finds out what you're planning.” Damarius warned them in a serious tone.
Sly chuckled, then clapped the old man on the shoulder. “That’s why we are going to let you break the news to her.”
The old wizard groaned loudly. “I hate having to break bad news to Skie. She once screamed at me for four hours straight after I told her that her pet rabbit had died. And in case you didn’t know, my daughter can scream unnaturally loud when she is upset.” He shot them another dirty look, then sighed in resignation. “Well, I guess I’d better just get it over with.” He grumbled, shuffling off towards the cottage.
They found Lady Skie and Kariah in the kitchen area putting the finishing touches on a stunning blue dress to replace the tattered rags the young elf maiden had been wearing.
Damion was struck dumb by the pure beauty of the elven girl. Her long golden hair cascaded down her back and shoulders, framing her tiny face artfully, and the new dress she was wearing revealed a lushly endowed body that instantly caused him to begin blushing. He couldn't seem to tear his gaze away from her angelic form, and had great difficulty keeping his mind on the task at hand.
They were surprised to find the ladies had already gathered together most of the supplies that they would need on their journey.
Looking up from her sewing, Lady Skie gazed at Damion and smiled sadly. “I already know that you are planning on going after Kaviel, and I know there isn't any way for me to change your mind.” Tears began to well up in her eyes. “I always knew you would eventually grow up and leave this valley, I just never imagined the day would come so soon.” She looked to her father. “Will you be accompanying him?”
Damarius shook his head. “I’m afraid not. I'm forty years past my prime. These tired old bones are far too frail for such a journey. I would just slow them down. But I'm sure Sly will be able to keep him from getting into too much trouble.”
Damion turned to Kariah, who smiled at him shyly. “You may stay here as long as you like. It is probably the safest place on the entire continent just now, and I'm sure that Aunt Skie and Damarius would enjoy having such a beautiful house guest.”
The young elf maiden blushed at the compliment, then her face suddenly fell. “You’re not planning on leaving me behind, are you?” She said with sudden heat. “You had better think again!”
“Huh? He asked in confusion. “What do you mean?” You’re not planning on accompanying us, are you? It's going to be far too dangerous! I don't want...” He stopped, his face blushing a violent shade of red.
“You don't what?” She asked archly, her hands on her hips, and her eyes flashing dangerously.
Damion stammered for a moment, then blurted out. “I just don’t want you to get hurt, that's all. It’s going to be very dangerous, and I don’t wish to see anything happen you.”
Damarius and Sly exchanged knowing glances. 
Kariah seemed slightly aback by the statement. “Well, I'm still going with you, and there's nothing you can do to stop me! That horrible, wretched man killed my family, killed my friends, and destroyed my home! I have nothing left because of him! I will not rest until he pays for what he has done!” Her eyes suddenly grew soft. “I'm touched that you are so concerned for my safety, but this is something that I must do.”
Damion sighed in resignation, seeing it was impossible to change her mind. He had seen the exact same look in Lady Skie's eyes countless times before, and knew it was useless to argue. “Well, we will have to find you some suitable traveling clothes, although that dress is very becoming.”
The young girl blushed prettily.
Damarius snorted in amusement, then glanced at his daughter, whose face was still grief-stricken. “Skie, dear? Will you please take this lovely young lady and see if you can find her some suitable traveling clothes?” After the ladies had left the room, he turned to Sly and Damion, a surprised look on his face. “I can't believe she took that so well. I was sure she was going to have a fit.”
Damion grinned. “Perhaps I'm beginning to grow a little predictable.” He sighed heavily. “Is there anything more we should know about the gem or sword? Do they have any weaknesses? Can they be destroyed?”
The old sorcerer scratched his beard in thought. “I don't think it would be advisable to try and destroy them. The power that would be released would kill you, and quite possibly destroy the entire continent.”
“Oh, that's encouraging.” Sly grunted sarcastically. “I feel so much better now that I know that.” He shook his head in resignation. “I think I'll go finish gathering the supplies. I don't think I’d be able to handle it if you decided to try and give us a pep talk.”

**********

They set off the next morning after a short, but tearful goodbye. Lady Skie wore a flowing black gown to symbolize her grief over the death of Lord Michael and the destruction of Sevria. Her face was deathly pale as she kissed them all goodbye, and her hands trembled violently as she tried to wipe her tears away.
Before they set off, Damarius pulled Damion aside and handed him a heavy pouch of gold coins for supplies, and a small glowing orb that resembled a marble. “This is called a Sunburst. It may help in some way.”
Damion looked at it curiously. “How do I use it?”
The old wizard scratched his head, then shrugged. “I haven't a clue. I was never able to figure out how it worked. I thought maybe you would be able to figure out how to use it.”
Damion smiled, then placed the Sunburst in his belt pouch. “I will never be able to repay you for all that you have done for me. I will always be in your debt.”
“It is I who is your debt, young one.” Damarius said seriously. “It was an honor to be your teacher, though I can truthfully say that I learned as much from you as you did from me. This valley will always be here for you to call your home.” He gripped Damion’s arm for a moment, then returned to his daughter's side to watch as they disappeared into the forest.
They quickly made their way through the familiar forest and up the steep cliff sides that had sheltered Damion from the world beyond for so long. Once they had carefully made their way up the treacherous path, he couldn't help but take once last look down at the valley where he had spent nearly his entire childhood. He sighed deeply, a profound sadness in his heart as he wondered if he would ever lay eyes upon the tiny valley again.
Snowfeather, who had been silently circling overhead on the alert for any danger, swooped down and gently landed atop his shoulder. “You are sad. Is something wrong?”
Damion didn’t reply. He gazed down at the valley a moment longer, then turned and carefully began making his way down the rocky path, his long gate quickly catching him up with the others. “Tell me, what do you think of Kariah?” He asked silently. “Do you like her?” He looked ahead and watched as the young girl lightly skipped down the rocky path.
The huge owl cocked his head. “She seems acceptable, for a female. Have you changed your mind about taking her as a mate?”
Damion laughed aloud, causing the others to stop and look at him curiously. He blushed slightly, then laughed again. “Snowfeather just made a joke.” He explained, winking at Kariah mischievously.
She blushed a beautiful pink, then continued down the trail.
They pushed their way through the gullies and chasms that dotted the mountain passes well into the evening, pausing only once to catch their breaths before continuing on. Damion finally called for them to halt at dusk, noticing that Kariah seemed on the verge of exhaustion. They set up camp in a secluded clearing that was well sheltered from the elements.
Sly immediately set about making their dinner while Damion and Kariah began to gather wood for the fire. “We’re making good time.” The little man grunted to Damion as he began to cut a small smoked ham into uneven slices. “We’ve probably traveled twelve miles today. We should reach the remains of Sevria tomorrow afternoon.”
“Sevria?” Kariah gasped, growing pale at the mention of her village. “D-Do we have to go through the village? Can't we detour around it? I-I don't think I can bear looking upon its ruins again.”
Damion glanced at Sly, who nodded. “We can circle around and pick up the trade road a few miles south of the village. It shouldn't slow us too much.”
“What then?”
“We head for Crete.” Sly shrugged. “It’s at least a ten-day journey on foot, and the closest settlement to the south. We may be able to find someone who remembers stories of the sorcerer. We can follow the trail from there.” He pulled out a loaf of bread and began to hack off crude chunks for the others.
After they had finished eating Sly's crude attempt at dinner, they set out their bedrolls and tried to get some rest, trusting in Snowfeather's keen senses to detect any danger. They hadn't been asleep long when Damion heard the huge owl's familiar squawk.
“Damion! Wake up! There is something moving up the trail this way!”
Damion was instantly awake. He rose silently to his feet and grabbed his sword, then nudged Sly awake with one foot. The little man quickly rolled to his feet, sensing the danger. They could clearly hear the pounding of horse’s hooves growing steadily louder. Damion quickly slid to Kariah's side, and gently shook her awake.
She opened her eyes and looked up sleepily, then smiled, seeing him hovering over her protectively. “Damion? What...” She started, but was immediately silenced as he placed an enormous hand firmly over her mouth.
“Be very quiet.” He whispered. “We have visitors.”
She nodded her understanding, her eyes wide with fear. She quickly helped to smother the remains of their fire with dirt, then retreated back into the shadows.
“Damion! They're goblins!” Snowfeather reported, his sharp eyes piercing the gloom. “There are four of them.”
Damion relayed this to the others, then sat back to await the riders.
The goblins soon appeared from the darkness and reined their horses to a stop about twenty yards from where the companions lay hidden in the shadows. They watched as the ugly creatures grunted and squealed at one another, apparently arguing over which direction they should travel. Two of the creatures appeared to want to continue up the trail, while the others appeared to wish to turn back. They began to argue heatedly amongst themselves.
Sly nudged Damion and motioned to the horses the creatures were riding, then made a slashing gesture across his throat and pointed at the goblins.
Damion grinned viciously and nodded, then motioned to Kariah to remain hidden. 
They silently circled the creatures, who continued to argue, unaware that they were being stalked. It was over in an instant. The pair leapt from the shadows and cut the creatures down before they could even react. After the last goblin had fallen, they quickly broke camp, and set off up the trail on their newly acquired mounts.
It took Damion several minutes to get the hang of riding a horse since his long tree trunk-like legs nearly dragged the ground, but after a little practice he was able to catch on, and they began to make much better time.
Once they had put several miles between themselves and the dead goblins, they pulled of the trail once more, and set up camp. They were back up early the next morning, and after Sly had carefully checked over each horse for injuries, they set off up the rocky trail at a careful walk.
“Goblins are notorious for stealing horses, riding them until they drop dead, then eating the carcasses.” The scruffy little man had explained to Damion as he checked over the last horse. “We were lucky. These horses appear to be in pretty good shape. We should still take it easy on them, though.”
They made great time on horseback and reached the outskirts of the ruins of Sevria by mid-morning. They carefully circled around the ruined village to avoid the carnage and joined up with the well-traveled trade road that crossed through the mountains, then started off towards the south at a brisk trot.
It was nearing dusk when they overtook a large group of ragged-looking refugees that were slowly pushing their way south through the mountains. Sly motioned for Damion and Kariah to hold back, then slowly moved his horse forward to meet the dispirited group. He spoke with a short balding man who was missing two fingers on his left hand, the apparent leader of the group.
After a few moments discussion, Sly returned to their side, his face grim. “I’ve got bad news. It seems our friend Kaviel and his pet dragon has paid a visit to Sierria. These are the survivors.” He gestured to the twenty or so dirty and injured people. “They fled into the mountains to Sevria, only to find it had also been razed to the ground. They’re hoping to find refuge in Crete.”
Damion cursed violently. “Did anyone see in which direction the dragon went?”
“It was last seen heading west. They said it appeared from nowhere, destroyed the city, and then flew off as several hundred goblins and dragonspawn moved in to finish the job. These few only made it out alive because they were working at the edge of town at the time and were quick enough to get away.”
Damion cursed again, and his eyes flashed red with fury. 
“One of the villagers mentioned that he had heard rumors that the dragon had a lair somewhere in the heart of the Endless Forest. It's supposedly been seen around in that area for the last several months now.”
Damion was silent for a moment. “Where is this Endless Forest? How far away is it?”
“At least six hundred leagues to the south.” Sly grunted. “But the dragon flew off to the west after attacking Sierra.”
“Let’s hope that it hasn’t already destroyed Crete. Finding out what happened to the sorcerer may be our only hope of finding the Dragon Sword.”
“What happens if we do manage to find it?” Kariah asked timidly.
Damion shrugged. “We go find the dragon’s lair and wait for it to return. Once we’ve dealt with it, I can finally get my hands on Kaviel.”
“How would we get there?”
“If my memory serves me correctly," Sly answered, scratching his scraggly beard absently. "We would need to follow this trade road through the mountains and into the foothills to Crete, then veer southeast to the city of Kairoia, and down through the grasslands of the Deola."
“What are Deola?” Kariah asked curiously. 
“They are a band of nomadic tribesmen that live in the grasslands, following their vast herds of cattle and horses. They're fierce warriors, but they shouldn't cause us any problems.” He turned back to Damion. “Once we reach the White River, which divides the grasslands in two, we'll pass through Mercedia, the only permanent settlement in the entire plains. From there, we must cross the Misty Lake, then pass through a huge swamp that stretches for nearly a hundred miles in every direction.” He scowled. “It’s this swamp that’s got me worried. It's said that the dead walk the area at night, preying upon those who are foolish enough to enter.”
“Just superstitious nonsense.” Damion scoffed dismissively.
“I’m not so sure.” The little man grunted. “I’ve been hearing stories of that swamp for years now. It's said that everything that dies in that cursed place is doomed to spend eternity as the walking undead.”
“How awful!” The young elf maiden gasped, a hand flying to her mouth.
“I don't know for sure if the stories are true,” Sly muttered in a tight voice. “but I do know that none of the locals will even go near the place.”
Damion frowned. “We'll worry about that when the time comes. For now,” He glanced warily at the refugees who were trudging by eyeing their horses with greedy desperation. “I think we should press on before these people get desperate enough to try and relieve us of our mounts and belongings.” 
He nudged his horse into a walk, and several of the refugees shrank back in fear as he passed. He felt the now-familiar sick feeling in his stomach again, and nudged his horse into a trot, wishing to quickly put their fearful gazes far behind. 
They continued to push on for several more miles, then Damion finally called for them to halt for the evening in a secluded gulley not far from the trade road. The gulley had a small stream flowing through it, and a narrow opening that was easy to conceal with a few branches and bushes. Damion set about tending to the horses while Sly began to gather wood for the fire so he could tend to dinner.
Much to Damion and Sly’s surprise, Kariah stepped in and firmly declared that she would handle the cooking from then on, going as far as threatening Sly with bodily harm if he was to ever even think about attempting to throw together one of his crude meals again. She banned him from fireside, then immediately set about making a savory stew from some of the rations in their packs.
After dinner, they immediately settled down for the evening, desperate for a good night's sleep.
It was a few hours before dawn when Snowfeather's keen eyes detected a furtive movement near the mouth of the gulley. A tiny figure was slowly edging its way closer to the edge of their camp, making no sound as it crept through the shadows. 
“Damion!” Snowfeather's silent warning brought Damion instantly awake. “We have company again! It's moving through the shadows at the edge of camp!”
Damion carefully cracked one eye open and spotted the intruder a few yards away, slowly moving towards where he lay. He remained motionless until the figure was within striking range, then lashed out with a powerful kick that swept the figure’s legs out from under it, sending it crashing to the ground. He instantly leapt from his bedroll and grabbed the figure, pinning it to the ground by its throat. It fought ferociously to get away, and he was surprised at the amount of effort it took to hold it down.
Sly, who had been awakened by the commotion, finally jumped up and helped him subdue the shadowy figure. They dragged their tiny prisoner closer to the fire to have a closer look and were startled to find their intruder was a little boy of about four or five, with pale skin and shockingly red hair. 
Kariah, who had been awakened by the scuffle, gasped in disbelief. “It’s only a child!”
“This isn't any normal child.” Damion disagreed, shaking his head and staring intently at the young boy. “He’s far too strong to be just a normal human child.”
The boy looked up at Damion in mild surprise. “That is very observant of you.” He said in a piping voice, clearly impressed. “I knew that you were special when I first saw you.”
Sly gave Damion a questioning look, then asked the boy. “Who, and what, are you? And why were you trying to sneak into our camp?”
The boy shrugged off the little man's grip irritably. “My name is Dar. I am an Alena.” He rose to his feet and dusted himself off. “Did you have to be so rough?” He complained. “I wasn't trying to hurt anyone. I was just trying to get a better look at him.” He nodded at Damion, who looked baffled. “I have been following you for the last week. I needed to know if my suspicions about you were true.”
“What suspicions?” Damion demanded angrily. “Why were you following us?”
“And what is an Alena?” Sly added grumpily.
Dar looked at Sly as if he had been mortally insulted. “Alena are one of the elder races. We are cousins to the elves and have been walking this earth long before you humans even existed. We live for thousands of years and are eternally youthful in appearance.” He gave the little man a disgusted look. “I would have thought everyone had heard of the Alena.” He sighed heavily, shaking his head. “Perhaps we've remained aloof from the world for too long.” He glanced at Damion, his blue eyes far wiser than any normal child. “I first saw you a little over a week ago. I was following a rumor that a dragon had been sighted in the mountains, and I had encountered a large group of dragonspawn and goblins that had gathered together in a secluded clearing. As everyone knows, dragonspawn and goblins are mortal enemies, but these creatures weren't fighting. It seemed they had joined forces. If that wasn't strange enough, they were being led by a human.”
“White hair, with a badly scarred face?” Sly asked, though his tone indicated he already knew the answer. The little boy gave him a startled look, then nodded. “His name is Kaviel. He is the one who controls the dragon.”
Dar nodded again. “So I discovered. I tracked him down and was hiding in the forest watching him from the shadows when he suddenly vanished into thin air. Then, a few minutes later, the dragonspawn and goblins who had been following him descended on one another. Once the battle was over, you appeared.” He gave Damion an appraising look. “I knew something was different about you the first moment that I laid eyes on you. Your aura is the most unusual I have ever seen. Once you finished off the remaining dragonspawn, I watched you vanish, only to be replaced by a huge black panther!”
Damion and Sly exchanged glances, but said nothing.
“I followed the panther back to the rest of your party, and saw you reappear and battle another group of dragonspawn.” He watched Damion closely, his expression one of almost reverence. “That was when I saw you begin pulling fireballs from thin air and start laying waste to the creatures. You slaughtered nearly every dragonspawn single-handed! I have never encountered anyone with such raw power!”
Kariah’s eyes had grown wide with the story of Damion’s prowess, and she looked at the young boy with a new-found respect.
“It was then that I realized exactly what you were!” Dar continued excitedly. “All the signs are there! Your immense size, your aura, not to mention your brow scales! You have the blood of dragons flowing in your veins!” The strange boy's eyes were filled with wonder. “You are Dragonkin!”
Damion's face darkened. “Why do you call me that?”
“Because that is what you are! The blood that pumps in your veins is the most noble of all, and everything about you reflects that fact! That is the source of your magic, and the reason that you are far larger, and enormously more powerful than any normal man! You are kin to the dragons!” 
“Why were you following the dragon in the first place?” Sly asked, his expression one of suspicion.
The boy's face fell, and his expression grew grim. “The dragon that this human, Kaviel, is controlling is named Tempest. She is the largest, most powerful of all the dragons. She vanished over four hundred years ago, along with the rest of her kind.” His voice filled with sadness. “They were trapped inside of a huge red gem by a supremely powerful sorcerer by the name of Balik.”
“The Dragon Gem.” Damion and Sly said in unison. 
Dar looked surprised. “You have heard this story before?”
Damion nodded. “We have heard of the Dragon Gem. We’ve been trying to discover if it was more than just a legend.”
“It is no legend.” The boy replied. “I was there. I witnessed the sorcerer Balik enslave the dragons inside of that cursed gem.” He hung his head in shame. “I tried to reach him in time to stop him, but he disappeared without a trace. I have been searching for the gem ever since.”
“Why are you so concerned about the dragons?” Sly asked in confusion.
“Because they are my friends.” Dar answered simply. He looked to Damion. “After seeing your power and abilities, I decided to follow you. Once you reached that small valley in the heart of the mountains, I decided to abandon your trail and continue my search for the Dragon Gem. It was three days later when I saw you for the second time, and I overheard that you were also in search of the dragon and the human that controlled it.”
“So you wanted more than just a closer look at us, then.”
Dar shrugged his tiny shoulders. “I thought perhaps we may be able to help one another.”
“Why would you wish to help us?” Sly demanded suspiciously. “What’s in it for you?”
The boy looked at Sly with thinly veiled distaste. “Because I wish to see my friends released from their prison. They do not belong enslaved inside of that cursed gem, and it is my intent to see that they are released.”
“What?” Damion exclaimed, shocked at such a thought. “Are you insane? You wish to release the dragons back into the world? They would destroy everything they encountered! If they were released, there wouldn't be any place left in this world that would be safe!”
Dar looked outraged. “That’s not true! Dragons are not evil and destructive creatures! They are intelligent, noble creatures that do not deserve to be enslaved!” He stared at Damion angrily. “They are innocent creatures wrongly imprisoned! They do not deserve the fate that has befallen them!”
“What that beast did to my village wasn't peaceful!” Kariah said, her face pale. “It destroyed my home and slaughtered my family!” Huge tears welled up in her eyes.
“That was the human's handiwork.” The boy argued. “He controls Tempest as long as he possesses that gem. And if he discovers how to unlock the Dragon Gem's full power, there will be nothing in this world that can stop him.”
“The Dragon Sword!” Damion exclaimed. “So it does exist?”
“Aye,” The boy nodded. “It exists, and if Kaviel is able to get his hands on it, this world will be his to control.”
“Where is the sword now?”
Dar shrugged. “It was stolen centuries ago. Someone murdered the sorcerer that enslaved the dragons and made off with the sword. I was never able to discover who it was.” He looked at Damion earnestly. “You have to help me recover the gem, so we can release my friends from their prison.”
“You can't be serious.” Damion scoffed. “I’m going to find the Dragon Sword, and then I’m going after Kaviel, but not to release more dragons upon the world. I'm going to make him suffer for murdering my father, and then I'm going to destroy that gem!”
The boy looked at him with a grave expression. “You will never find Tempest's lair in the Endless Forest without my help. The only chance you have to stop Kaviel is to catch him unaware, and I’m the only one who knows the way to her lair."
“And why should we believe you?” Sly asked harshly.
“Because I have called that forest my home for the last two thousand years.” Dar said bluntly. “And because you have no other choice.”
Damion pulled the little man to the side. “What do you think?” He asked quietly. “He seems to be telling the truth. If he really does know a way through the forest to the dragon’s lair, then we should take him with us.”
“Do you really think we can trust him?” Sly asked, staring at the unusual child with a hard expression. “How do we know he's not lying just for an excuse to join us? Anyone, or anything, that wishes to release an entire race of dragons upon the world must be unbalanced, to say the least.”
Damion was quiet for a long moment, then turned back to Dar. “You can lead us through the forest directly to the dragon's lair? You know exactly where it is located?”
The small boy nodded. “I have been there many times in the past.”
“What exactly can you tell us about the Dragon Gem?” Sly asked with a frown. “Does it have any weaknesses?” 
Dar shook his head. “It hasn't any weaknesses or flaws. It was created from a flawless ruby and enchanted to enslave the dragons and drain them of their magical essence, storing it to be called upon by whoever possesses the gem.”
“And the Dragon Sword?”
The boy frowned. “From everything I have been able to gather over the last four hundred years, the sword is the key that unlocks the gem's true power. It was created by a dwarven swordsmith that had been rumored to dabble in the dark arts. He crafted the sword from the purest steel and quenched it in the blood of a dragon. The handle and pommel are crafted in the shape of a dragon in flight, with the tail curling around itself to form a large empty setting meant only for the Dragon Gem. Without the sword, Kaviel can only use a fraction of the gem's power.”
“We can't allow Kaviel to get his hands on that sword.” Sly said, tugging at his scruffy beard worriedly. “If he can find it, there will be nothing that could stop him. I wonder if anyone in Crete remembers this dwarf.”
“They should. His still lives there.”
“What?” Damion blurted in surprise.
“Well, he is a dwarf after all. They live much longer than humans.”
“Have you ever met him?” 
Dar shook his head. “Dwarves and Alena rarely intermingle. We despise one another. My people especially loathe this dwarf. He is known to all my people as the Dark Forger. The evil one who uses dark forces in his crafting.”
“Then that’s where we will start.” Damion decided. “We’ll continue to Crete and track down this dwarf. Hopefully, he’ll know what happened to the sword."
But Dar was no longer listening. He stared intently into the darkness at the mouth of the gulley for several long moments, then abruptly began to sniff at the air. He suddenly turned back to the others, his eyes wide with alarm. “We have company!” He warned them in a loud whisper. “It’s an ogre, and judging by the smell, he's close!”
A blood-curdling bellow suddenly echoed through the mountaintops, making everyone jump in surprise, and causing the horses to begin to pace back and forth nervously. Damion and Sly immediately drew their swords and gestured for the others to seek refuge behind them. 
Snowfeather flew off into the darkness to investigate, and within moments Damion heard his familiar’s voice silently in his head. “It’s an ogre, all right! And by the looks of it, it has caught the horses' scent! It's moving straight for the camp!”
“It’s caught our scent!” Damion warned the others. “It’s heading right for us!”
No sooner than he finished, the ogre burst into view at the mouth of the gulley. The huge howling beast stood almost eight-foot-tall, with pinkish-gray mottled skin that bore countless scars that crisscrossed its malformed frame. Coarse, wiry hair hung from its body in matted clumps, giving it an almost diseased appearance, and two long, razor-sharp tusks jutted up from its lower jaw. It had little more than two large openings in its flat face for a nose, and its tiny, inhuman eyes were completely devoid of any intelligent thought. It carried a huge club that was little more than a tree trunk that had been uprooted and stripped of its branches, and the horrid smell that accompanied the beast was nearly overpowering. It howled another howl of rage and hunger as it spotted them, then attacked with amazing quickness, swinging its club at Sly with a vast overhand swing. 
Damion instinctively pushed the little man out of harm's way and jumped aside as the club slammed into the ground exactly where they had been standing only a second before, then stepped forward to meet the creature's charge. He nimbly ducked another wild swing and lashed out with his sword, marking the creature across the chest, but the ogre didn’t even seem to notice, and he was forced to fall back as the crazed beast renewed its attack. It charged towards him, then stopped, roaring furiously in pain as one of Sly's daggers sank deep into its shoulder. 
It was exactly the opening Damion had been waiting for. He instantly drew in his magic and sent a blast of searing flames directly into the snarling ogre's unprotected face. It screamed in pain and fury as the flames engulfed its entire head, then dropped its club and began pawing at its eyes desperately.
In a flash, Damion sprang forward and drove his sword with all his strength straight into the ogre's chest. It suddenly froze in its thrashings and gazed stupidly down at the long sword protruding from its chest. It tried to raise its arms, but with a mighty heave, Damion drove the blade even deeper into its barrel-like chest. 
An enormous fountain of dark red blood erupted from the ogre's mouth, and its legs suddenly buckled. Damion calmly yanked his sword loose and allowed it to collapse to the ground, where it lay twitching. He nonchalantly wiped the blood from his sword on the ogre's matted fur, then slid it back in its sheath.
“That was amazing!” Kariah exclaimed, rushing forward and throwing herself into Damion's arms. “I’ve never seen anything like that in my entire life!”
He blushed a bright crimson at her praise and unexpected embrace, then turned to look at Sly, who was watching him with an amused grin. “We should get moving.” He said, gently trying to untangle himself from the elf maiden's embrace. “We may have drawn unwanted attention to ourselves. Besides,” He grimaced, covering his nose with one hand. “That thing really stinks!”
They quickly gathered their belongings and set off in search of a place that they could spend the rest of the night in safety, leaving the ogre's stinking carcass where it fell.

Chapter 6

The following morning, they awoke to find Dar preparing a large breakfast of rabbit and freshly picked wild berries. When they finished devouring every last delicious morsel, they broke camp and set off down the trade road with Snowfeather flying high above, alert for any signs of danger.
Dar rode at the lead next to Damion atop the extra horse that they had confiscated from the goblins. As they rode, he told them of the centuries of fruitless searching that he had spent in the hopes of locating the Dragon Gem. Though Damion still didn't trust the tiny childlike sprite, he couldn't help but warm up to him a bit. The boy's calm, intelligent demeanor and cheerful outlook seemed to lighten the mood of their journey.
By mid-morning, storm clouds had begun to roll in, darkening the skies, and casting a depressing gloom over the land. It was soon raining a pounding rain that poured down from the skies in a violent torrent, soaking them to the bone. They relentlessly pressed on however, unwillingly to let Mother Nature slow them down.
They made their way out of the mountains and down into the rolling foothills the following evening to find that many of the isolated farmsteads that dotted the trade road had been destroyed. They slowed to investigate one devastated sight with horrified expressions. There was little left standing of what had once been a substantial farm, and much of the wreckage that was left was still smoldering from the dragon’s flames. Dozens of charred and withered corpses lay scattered about, a silent testament to the carnage that had befallen the defenseless farmers.
The companions pushed on in silence, sickened by the gruesome scene, and continued following the trade road further into the foothills towards the city of Crete.
Once they had put several miles between themselves and the ruined farms, they began to look for a suitable place to set up camp for the night. They soon found a large grove of birch trees that was about a quarter mile off the road which would provide adequate shelter from the pounding rain. There was also a small natural spring at the edge of the grove that provided them with fresh water at which their weary mounts could quench their thirst.
Dar disappeared into the darkness of the foothills while the others were gathering firewood, but soon returned with three large pheasants draped over one shoulder. Kariah squealed with delight, then immediately set about stripping the birds of their feathers and preparing them to be roasted. After eating their fill, they stretched out near the fire, almost desperate for sleep, trusting Snowfeather's keen senses to warn them of any approaching danger.
Damion hadn't been asleep long when he was awakened by a gentle nudging. Opening one eye just a crack, he was startled to find Kariah curled up next to him, sleeping gently. His heart pounded wildly as he lay there, watching the gentle rise and fall of her chest. A jumble of confusing emotions welled up inside of him as he gazed at the beautiful young elf maiden. He knew that he felt more for her than he had first realized, but all the new feelings still felt strange, almost alien to him. Whenever she was close, his stomach became a mass of fluttering butterflies, and when she had embraced him after battling the ogre, his heart had nearly leapt from his chest with joy. He continued to watch her as she slept, then eventually fell into a fitful sleep, tormented by dreams of fire spurting dragons, and lovely young elf maidens.
Late the next evening, after the rain had finally given way to clear skies, they crested a hill to see the large bustling town of Crete still standing, untouched by attack. They all sighed in relief, then quickly made their way into town.
As they were passing a substantial-looking inn, Dar reined in his horse. “I cannot accompany you to visit the dwarf. He would never speak to you if I were to be there.”
Damion nodded. “Why don’t you and Kariah get us some rooms, and Sly and I will pay a visit to this Dark Forger.”
Dar nodded. “Be careful of the dwarf. It’s said he is completely mad.”
Damion and Sly continued towards the center of town, asking the occasional passerby where to find the location of the dwarf’s smithy. After a bit of searching, they managed to locate the rundown forge, and quickly entered, eager to find out what the dwarf knew.
It was very dark inside of the rundown building, with only a few embers glowing in the remains of what was once a forge to light its interior. An ancient-looking dwarf sat nearby, his filthy hair and beard nearly obscuring his face completely.
“What do you want?” The ancient dwarf grumbled, his voice dry and dusty sounding. 
“Are you the dwarven smith?” Sly asked, wrinkling his nose at the foul odor of the old shack.
The dwarf let out a bark of laughter. “That I am! Finest smith on the continent! Take a look around at my many wares, all of the finest crafting!” He gestured around to the rags and junk piled in heaps around the shop and cackled insanely.
Damion and Sly exchanged glances.
“Wait!” The old dwarf exclaimed suddenly. He gestured to Damion. “Come closer. Let me see you. These old eyes are tired.”
Damion knelt down on one knee and leaned closer.
“Yes! Yes! You’re the one! I’ve been waiting for you!”
“What do you mean, you’ve been waiting for him?” Sly asked, eyeing the dwarf in disgust.
The old smith ignored Sly and continued to stare at Damion. “You’re here for the sword! The Dragon Sword!” He laughed again. “The Dragon Lord has come for the Dragon Sword!”
“Do you know where the sword is?” Damion asked, slightly unnerved by the strange old dwarf.
“Trolls! They hide, and they lie, and they steal!” The little dwarf stormed around the shack, gesturing wildly. “They lie, and they stink, and they steal! They steal my creation!”
“Trolls? They stole the sword from the sorcerer?”
“Filthy smelly trolls! Kill the sorcerer and bring back my creation! But they steal! They steal, and they hide, and they smell!”
“So you paid a troll to kill the sorcerer, and steal the Dragon Sword, but it took off with the sword instead?” Sly surmised.
“My creation!” Tears were flowing from the old dwarf’s eyes. He suddenly grasped Damion’s wrist in a vise-like grip. “But you’ll take it back, won’t you, Dragon Lord. You’ll destroy the smelly trolls, yes.”
Damion stared intently at the old dwarf. “Where did the troll take the sword?”
“The man with the scarred face asked me, too, but I told him it was lost! My sword! Lost! I never told him! I never did!”
“The man with a scarred face? Kaviel? That dog has been here?” Sly cursed vehemently.
“But you never told the scarred man where it was taken?” Damion pressed the old dwarf.
“Never will he have my sword!” The filthy little dwarf shook his head. “Never!”
Damion’s gaze was still locked with the old smith's. “You know where it is, don’t you? You know where the troll took it, don’t you?”
“Back to its home. Back with the other smelly trolls. They hide, and they steal!” The old dwarf suddenly seemed to wilt, and slowly tottered over to his rickety old chair by the forge. “Search near the road to Misty Lake. Find the Dragon Sword, and remember me when you rule, Dragon Lord.” His head suddenly dropped to his chest, and he began to snore loudly.
Damion and Sly returned to the inn and told Dar and Kariah of their encounter with the elderly dwarf.
"I told you that he was completely mad." Dar reminded them. "The loss of his most prized work probably sent him over the edge into madness."
"Do you really think we can believe what he said?" Kariah asked skeptically. "If he's completely mad, then how do we know he isn't just sending us off on some wild goose chase?"
Damion shook his head. "I don't think he would do that. He seemed quite emphatic that he had been waiting for me to visit him before revealing where the sword was located. He wants me to find it before anyone else does."
Sly sighed heavily. "So, what's the plan?"
"We head towards the Misty Lake and try to locate the troll that stole the Dragon Sword." Damion answered with a shrug. "It's the best lead we have in locating the sword."
They set off early the next morning after replenishing their dwindling supplies. There were an unusually large number of people traveling the trade route, far more than usual. Most appeared to be refugees fleeing the dragon’s wrath and hoping to find someplace safe to hide.
It was late that evening when they finally set up camp a few hundred feet from the road. Snowfeather, who had disappeared into the darkness to hunt, appeared sometime later, landing with a soft rustle at Damion's side. “I visited the remains of another farm to the west.” He said silently. “There was little left standing. I saw no sign of any survivors.”
Damion cursed silently. “I hope I’m doing the right thing, searching for the sword instead of just hunting the dragon down and facing it head on. It’s a long shot actually finding this sword. Who knows if the trolls even still have it.”
“Do not lose faith.” The huge owl chirped, fluffing its feathers. “We’ll find the sword, then we’ll be able to track down your father’s murderer.” His wise golden eyes shone brightly in the moonlight. “Just make sure you do not lose yourself in your quest for revenge and allow your hate to consume you. If it does, you'll find yourself becoming what you despise.”
Damion laid back on his bedroll considering his friend’s words, and finally fell into a fitful slumber. He awoke the next morning to once again find Kariah curled up next to him, sleeping soundly. Later, blushing fiercely with embarrassment, she explained that she had grown cold and moved closer to stay warm. He smiled inwardly. He rather enjoyed awaking to find her pressed tightly against him. The scent of her golden hair was intoxicating, and her every touch sent shivers up his spine. He found his attraction towards her growing ever stronger, but was very careful not to let it show.
After they had finished their breakfast, which had been once again caught, cleaned, and cooked by their new companion, Dar, they broke out one of Sly's many maps to decide their next move.
“This road will take us through the grasslands to the White River.” The little man said, pointing out the route to Damion. “The Deola are fierce warriors, but they shouldn’t cause us any problems. They are nomads and spend most of their time following their herds. Once we reach the river, we'll have to cross the Mercidian Bridge and enter Mercedia. It is an entire city housed within an enormous fortress, and the only permanent settlement in the entire grasslands. Merchants from all over the world travel there to obtain leather, cattle, and horses. The tribesmen breed the finest horses and cattle in the world, and one of their stallions can go for a king's fortune, though they will rarely part with one of the beasts.” He pointed at a crude sketch of a bridge on the map. “This is the only place that we can cross the river, and the bridge leads directly into the city. The river is nearly five miles wide and is far too deep to try and cross on horseback.” He shrugged. “It doesn’t really matter, though. We will have to stop in the city, anyway. We’ll need to replenish our supplies.”
“If the city is still standing.” Damion said grimly.
Sly snorted in amusement. “Mercedia is more than just a city inside of a fortress. It's enormous. It stands like a mountain in the middle of the empty grasslands. The Deola have been building and adding on to it for thousands of years. It would take an entire army of dragons to destroy it.”
Damion took some hope in this as they continued down the well-traveled road and out into the vast open grasslands.
They rode on in silence, the scent of the charred remains of the devastated farmsteads still trailing them on the winds. They pulled off the road at sunset to set up camp, and Damion and Snowfeather immediately set off through the tall grass to hunt up something to eat.
Kariah was startled as he nonchalantly shifted into the form of a huge panther, but she quickly recovered, and seemed quite fascinated with his new form. She moved closer to stroke his soft fur, and he shivered at her touch, her sweet scent enveloping his senses.
He breathed in her scent deeply, then turned and disappeared into the tall grass with Snowfeather ghosting silently overhead. It wasn't long before they returned with a large boar and several fat hares to help bolster their dwindling supplies.
That night they decided to risk a fire, though they dug the fire pit extra deep in effort to keep it well concealed. Dar and Kariah immediately set about fixing their dinner, and they soon were resting near the fire, their bellies full. As they relaxed, they listened to Sly as he described the wonders of the Deolan city of Mercedia. Damion's eyes soon grew heavy as he listened, content in enjoying Kariah's closeness. She had wordlessly placed her bedroll next to his and settled herself against him, falling asleep almost instantly.
Dar and Sly were quietly talking, when Dar suddenly jumped to his feet, his eyes alert as he gazed into the darkness around them. He slowly scanned the area with unnaturally keen eyes, then began to sniff the air, almost as if he was attempting to taste something on the cool night breeze.
“What is it?” Damion asked, leaping to his feet and drawing his sword.
The boy didn't reply, but continued to peer into the gloom around them, his tiny body tense, and his face a mask of concentration. Finally, after several tense moments, he seemed to relax somewhat, and he turned to look at Damion. “Put your sword away slowly. We are in no danger, but our visitors can be a little jumpy.”
Damion gave Dar a confused look, but did as he was told after casting Sly a quick look. The little man continued to lounge in his bedroll looking rather amused. Damion put his trust into their new companion's instincts, and sheathed his sword, though he still remained on the alert for trouble. He stared quietly into the darkness around them and was surprised to see six savage-looking tribesmen mounted on enormous warhorses materialize out of the darkness like ghosts. The huge stallions moved in complete silence, their hooves hardly seeming to touch the ground at all as they approached.
The tribesmen were all very tall, lean, and muscular, and were dressed in black leather pants, with their chests bare. Their long dark hair had been braided into elaborate braids, and their deep bronze skin was engraved with strange, intricate tattoos that added greatly to their savage appearance. They were armed with long broad-bladed spears and cruel-looking swords with serrated edges, but made no threatening movements. They reined their monstrous warhorses to a stop at the edge of the fire light and watched the companions with wide questioning eyes.
“The Deola are a very traditional people.” Dar murmured as the tribesmen surveyed them in silence. “They will not enter our camp unless they have been invited.” He gave Damion a meaningful look. “And it is considered a great insult if an invitation is not extended.”
Damion cast Sly another glance. The little man continued to lounge on his bedroll lazily, but his eyes were wary. Damion stepped forward and gazed at the warriors, who watched him with great interest. “Welcome friends,” He said in a calm tone. “Would you care to warm yourselves by the fire?”
The tribesmen continued to stare at his enormous size and strange brow scales for several moments, then the leader, a thickly-muscled brute who was nearly as large as Damion, dismounted his shaggy mount and slowly approached, looking over each companion carefully.
Dar stepped forward and bowed respectfully. “Greetings, Warrior of the Deola. We are honored by your visit.”
The tribesman said nothing, but turned his assessing stare upon Damion.
Damion returned his gaze unflinchingly, still ready to react to any aggression.
Finally, the tribesmen tore his gaze away, and stared down at Dar. He returned to boy's respectful bow, moving with a measured grace that seemed out of place on such a savage-looking warrior. “I am called Bativa, chieftain of the northern Avonte tribes.” He glanced at Damion, then at Sly, who continued to lounge in his bedroll. “I bring you a warning. A beast has been terrorizing this land, destroying everything it encounters. It threatens all who pass through these grasslands.”
Damion stepped forward eagerly. “You have seen the dragon?”
Bativa nodded. “It has been attacking our camps for several months now, killing our people and devouring our herds. And hundreds of foul creatures have ventured out of the mountains and down into the plains to join in the destruction. The goblins and dragonspawn have joined forces and have been causing much mayhem. The grasslands are not a safe place to journey through as of late. That is why we bring you this warning.” He gestured to their fire. “The dragon is attracted to fire, and even a small, well sheltered fire such as this can be seen for miles. If the beast sees it, it will drop from the sky without warning and attack, and it rarely leaves anyone alive to tell the tale. You should extinguish it immediately.”
“We thank you for the warning.” Dar said, bowing to the warrior in appreciation. “We shall be more careful in the future.” He quickly began extinguishing their campfire by filling the fire pit with dirt.
“Wait!” Damion exclaimed. “We’re trying to find the dragon, remember? The fire may bring it to us!”
“You wish to face the dragon?” Bativa asked in disbelief. “Are you mad? Do you have a death wish?” His eyes narrowed, and he looked at Damion closely. “Who are you? Why do you hunt the dragon? Do you think you could actually stop it?”
 “If anyone can stop that beast, it's Damion.” Sly murmured quietly.
Damion glanced at Sly, who continued to lounge in his bedroll unconcerned, then back to the warrior. “I’m Damion Omensent, son of Lord Michael Steelheart, Lord and Protector of Sevria. My lazy friend over there,” He gestured to Sly. “Is Gabriel Quickhand, master swordsman. The small one there,” He pointed to Dar, who stood next to the remains of their fire. “is Dar of the Alena, and the sleeping girl there is Kariah, an elf maiden that survived the destruction of Sevria.”
Bativa's face was grim. “So Sevria has also been destroyed.” He shook his head sadly. “I knew that others were suffering the dragon's wrath, but I had hoped those dwelling in the mountains had managed to avoid its fury.”
“Many of the farms along the trade road have also been destroyed.” Sly informed him. “We spoke with a few survivors that somehow managed to escape. They said the dragon appeared from the south, and there were rumors that it may have a lair somewhere in the Endless Forest.”
“What about Mercedia?” Damion asked curiously. “Does it still stand?”
Bativa laughed a deep booming laugh. “Mercedia fall? It would take a hundred dragons a hundred years to destroy Mercedia!” His chest swelled with pride. “My people have been building Mercedia for thousands of years. Its outer walls are seventy-five feet thick. They can withstand almost anything!” He glanced over to Kariah who had sat up, awakened by their voices.
The young elf maiden rubbed her eyes sleepily, then gasped as she spotted Bativa and the mounted tribesmen. With a squeal of fright, she scrambled to her feet and ran to Damion for protection.
“Do not fear.” Bativa assured her in an amused tone. “We mean you no harm. We are friends.”
The young girl didn't seem reassured by this statement, and edged even closer to Damion, draping his arm around her shoulder for protection.
Damion was rather surprised by her reaction, but after a moment, decided he rather liked having her tiny form pressed next to his. He pulled her closer and felt her tremble as she stared at the fierce-looking warriors.
Bativa smiled at Kariah understandingly, then turned his attention back to Damion. “So, you plan to find the dragon's lair and destroy the beast?”
“No!” Dar stated firmly, stepping forward. “Nothing that has happened is the dragon's fault! It hasn't any control over its actions! It's being forced to cause all of this destruction!”
The tribesman stared at Dar in disbelief. “Who could have such power that they can control a dragon?”
 “The scoundrel's name is Kaviel.” Sly grunted sourly. “He has somehow come into possession of a very powerful magical stone called the Dragon Gem. It controls the dragon and forces it to obey his commands.”
“By the gods!” Bativa exclaimed in shocked disbelief. “Why would someone want to cause such destruction, and kill so many innocent people? Is he mad?”
Sly nodded. “Quite mad. He's capable of anything. He appears to be searching for a sword that was forged to unlock the Dragon Gem's full power. If he's able to find it, nothing will be able to stop him. We are trying to find the sword before he does, otherwise, all is lost.”
“Where is this sword he is searching for?”
The little man shrugged. “No one knows. It was lost centuries ago. It was said to be stolen by a troll.”
“A troll, you say? You should search near the Misty Lakes, then.” The chieftain advised knowingly. “The hills surrounding the lake are infested with troll clans. They like to ambush travelers along the trade road. They’re a constant nuisance.”
The sudden ruffle of feathers drew everyone’s attention to Snowfeather, who glided in from the darkness to settle on Damion's shoulder. “I see we have visitors.” Snowfeather squawked, eyeing the Deola, who stared at the ghostly owl with open astonishment. “Rather savage-looking, aren't they?”
Damion ignored him. “Where have you been?” 
“I spotted a large party of goblins moving this way. There are about twenty of them. They look as though they've been looting the ruins of a nearby farm. They're less than a mile from here, but don't seem to know of our presence, yet.”
Damion quickly turned to Sly. “It looks as though we have more company. Twenty or so goblins, less than a mile from here.”
“How do you know this?” The huge tribesman stared at Damion curiously.
“Snowfeather told me” He gestured to the graceful bird with a nod of his head.
“You can speak with the birds?” Bativa’s eyes were wide, and he stared at Damion with a new-found respect. “That’s a truly remarkable talent!”
“So, what is the plan?” Sly asked curiously. “Do we remain hidden, or are you planning on confronting them?”
Damion grinned at him viciously, then drew his sword.
The little man sighed, shaking his head wearily. “I figured as much.” He slowly pulled himself up from his bedroll and drew his sword, then glanced at the tribesman. “Care to join in the festivities?”
Bativa laughed a great booming laugh. “An excellent suggestion! It would give me the opportunity to see this remarkable young warrior in action! His skills must be formidable if he thinks he can contend with a dragon!”
“The Deola measure a man by his prowess in battle.” Dar explained to the others. “The strongest, most skilled warrior of the tribe becomes clan-chief. It’s been the way of the Deola for centuries. The strong lead, the weak follow.”
Bativa ordered two of his warriors to remain behind and guard the camp and horses, then he and the other three tribesmen followed behind Damion and Sly as they stealthily disappeared into the waist high grass. 
They noiselessly made their way towards the goblins with Snowfeather gliding overhead, guiding Damion from above. The goblins could soon be heard, grunting and snorting in their crude language as the stumped along. They traveled through the tall grass in a disorderly mob, apparently unworried about attracting any attention. Many of the foul-smelling creatures carried heavy sacks of plunder pillaged from the ruins of the ravaged farm. They continued to plod along unconcerned, unaware that the companions were lurking in the darkness nearby.
Damion silently gestured for everyone to split apart and surround the creatures in order to attack from all directions and add to the confusion, then he and Bativa silently crept forward, moving noiselessly through the swaying grass. They waited a few moments to allow everyone to get into position, then burst from the darkness and fell upon the surprised goblins, their swords whistling through the darkness. 
Fully half of the creatures lay dead or dying within the first few moments of the fight. Those who still lived struggled to free themselves of their stolen treasures and draw their weapons.
Damion's sword whistled through the air, moving faster than the eye could follow. He easily dispatched two of the creatures as they struggled to draw their crude swords, then removed the head from a third, sending it flying off into the darkness. Two more fell beneath his singing blade before he turned to check on his companions. He immediately saw Bativa battling two of the foul-smelling creatures, unaware of the third that had crept up from behind, poised to deliver a killing blow. “Behind you!” He bellowed, drawing his magic in an instant. A fist-sized ball of fire erupted from his left hand and streaked through the night, striking the goblin full in the chest. It stared down stupidly at the gaping hole that had appeared over its heart for several moments before finally crashing face down to the ground where it lay twitching.
The Deolan clan-chief quickly cut down the other two goblins, then turned and gave Damion a shocked look. “You’re a sorcerer?”
Damion ignored him as he quickly cut down another goblin, then looked around to find another victim.
As quick as it had started, the fight was over, and the goblins lay dead at their feet. Only one of the Deolan warriors was injured during the melee, suffering a deep gash across one shoulder. His fellow tribesmen quickly tended to his wound, then gathered the loot the goblins had plundered from the ruins of the farmsteads and followed the others back to camp.
Bativa clapped Damion on the shoulder as they waded through the tall grass, his face still excited from the fight. “You are quite skilled! I am impressed! I have never seen anyone fight with such ferociousness!” He laughed a great booming laugh. “And a sorcerer, as well! You are quite a talented young fellow!”
Damion smiled at the tribesman's praise, but said nothing.
When they arrived back at the camp, they were immediately greeted by Kariah, who flew into Damion’s arms, nearly knocking him from his feet. “Don’t ever leave me alone like that again!” She scolded him, her arms in a vise-like grip around his neck. “I don't like the way those warriors are looking at me!”
The two tribesmen who had stayed behind to guard the camp burst out laughing, clearly overhearing her words. They spoke together quietly for a moment, then began to laugh even harder as they wandered off to tend to their horses.
The young elf maiden suddenly looked outraged by their laughter, but continued to cling to Damion tightly.

********

The next morning, the tribesmen led them to the rest of their clan, who had a temporary settlement a few leagues west of the trade road. There were thousands of horses and cattle grazing freely throughout the area, guarded closely by groups of Deola who continually patrolled the herds. 
As they drew upon the settlement, the companions saw hundreds of domed huts that had large wooden wheels jutting from their sides, making them mobile. All the huts had been covered in thick cow hides to help repel rain and insulate from the cold. Dozens of huge, vicious-looking black dogs roamed the settlement at will, and when asked what their purpose was, Bativa explained that they were used to help herd the horses and protect the cattle against wolves.
They slowly made their way through the settlement to the largest of the mobile structures. 
Bativa dismounted and gestured towards the hut. “This is my humble abode. Please allow me to offer my hospitality before you return to your noble quest. I have already sent word to have a feast awaiting us upon our arrival.” He smiled broadly. “It is the least I could do after you hosted that splendid little get-together with those goblins.”
They followed the chieftain into the spacious hut, which had been elaborately decorated with expensive-looking furniture and superbly-crafted tapestries. There was even a large fireplace that had been painstakingly built into the mobile structure out of polished marble. A large table with a dozen ornately-carved chairs stood in the center of the room almost groaning under the weight of the enormous feast that Bativa had promised.
“Let us eat, my friends.” The big tribesman said graciously. What’s mine is yours.” He poured himself a huge tankard of ale, then drained it without pausing.
There was more food than Damion had ever seen at one time. There were huge cuts of tender steak still sizzling from the pan stacked a foot high on large platters, and enormous cauldrons of stew with large chunks of beef and vegetables. There were dozens of loaves of fresh baked bread, and a large tub of honey butter. Several young Deolan women stood off to one side filling tankards with ale for the companions from a huge keg that had been bolted securely to the wall. 
They fell into the feast like they had never eaten before. The large variety of succulent food was nearly overwhelming after spending the last few weeks on the road, living off their meager supplies.
Once everyone had finished gorging themselves on the extravagant feast, the Deolan chieftain led them back outside. “I have a gift for you, my friend.” He told Damion, leading them to a large fenced pen that had been constructed out of long sturdy logs.
A dozen of the largest, most fierce-looking horses that Damion had ever seen pranced proudly around the enclosed pen. They each stood nearly ten feet at the shoulder, with thick shaggy coats, and long flowing manes. They were magnificent, far superior to the weary mounts that they had rescued from the goblins.
“You saved my life last night, and I wish to repay you.” Bativa gestured to the prancing beasts. “These are the pride of my people.” The huge tribesman told him proudly. “They are the largest, most fierce warhorses in the world. Bred to be aggressive and trained for battle. Each stallion is worth a king's fortune.” He turned to Damion. “I wish for you to choose one, as a gift from the Deola. A fierce warrior has need of an equally fierce steed. Take your choice with my heartfelt thanks.”
Damion was speechless, overwhelmed by the tribesman's generosity. He stared at the enormous stallions, then at Bativa, who gestured at the warhorses with a huge smile.
Sly let out a low whistle. “You must have made quite the impression on our new friend. These horses are the Deola's most prized possessions. It is truly a royal gift that he is giving to you.”
Damion cautiously slipped over the fence and stood staring at the huge beasts as they pranced proudly around the pen. One warhorse in particular, a fierce-looking smoky grey stallion, caught his eye when it trotted up to him fearlessly. It was the largest of the lot, and quite obviously the most aggressive. Muscles coiled and rippled beneath its skin as it moved with a proud, almost arrogant grace. Its large fiery-brown eyes belied an intelligence that one normally wouldn't expect to find in a horse. It stared at him for several long moments, then tossed its head back and neighed fiercely. After another moment, its gaze still locked on his, it moved close enough to allow him to reach out and stroke its neck.
Bativa laughed a deep, booming laugh. “It looks as though Storm has made the choice for you!” His face took on a puzzled look. “That’s rather peculiar, though. He has never willingly allowed anyone to approach him. He's the most vicious brute in all the herds. He hasn’t even been broken, yet.”
Damion scarcely heard the tribesman's words as he gazed at the magnificent warhorse. He gently stroked its powerful neck and felt as it relaxed beneath his touch. After several moments, he took a deep breath and pulled himself atop the stallion's broad back, completely prepared to be tossed right back off. But, to everyone’s surprise, the huge warhorse didn't react to the sudden presence of a rider on its back.
“I can’t believe what I’m seeing.” Bativa murmured in astonishment. “That brute should have thrown him the instant he tried to sit down.”
The huge warhorse calmly waited as Damion got settled, then tossed him a questioning look, and pranced forward a few steps.
Damion gave the huge brute a gentle nudge with his heels, and it immediately took off in a powerful stride around the enclosed pen. He nudged it into a canter, then to a full gallop. He was amazed at how fluid the stallion moved, and its speed was unlike anything he had ever experienced before.
After several minutes, he touched the beast gently on its shoulder, and it immediately slowed to a stop in front of the others. He slid from its broad back and gently patted its neck, then turned to Bativa, who had opened the heavy gate in the fence. “How can I thank you for such an amazing gift?”
The savage-looking chieftain gave him a serious look. “Just stop the dragon and the madman who controls it.” He glanced at Storm, who continued to prance proudly at Damion's side, and suddenly laughed. “Besides, I should thank you. That brute has bitten me on two different occasions and has injured dozens of my men. I think he turned out just a little too aggressive.” He laughed again, then looked to the others. “I have also taken the liberty of replacing your mounts with fine horses from my own private herds and added several strong pack horses with full supplies. I'm sure you will find them quite satisfactory.”
Another tribesman suddenly came running up to the chieftain in a clear panic and began rambling excitedly in a strange language.
Bativa cursed violently, then turned to the others. “The dragon has struck the Alanoa tribe, about thirty leagues east of here, then disappeared to the south! Hundreds were killed!” He shouted instructions to some passing warriors who immediately scurried off, then turned to Damion. “I must help my people prepare to break camp. We are going to push our herds to Mercedia for safety.” He grasped Damion's forearm tightly. “Be well, my friend. I hope we will meet again soon.” He turned and disappeared into the crowd of Deola, who were already breaking camp with a surprising efficiency.
“What do we do now?” Kariah asked Damion uncertainly, watching as the tribesmen disassembled the camp around them.
“We keep moving south towards the Misty Lake.” Damion replied grimly.
“Shouldn’t we go west to try to catch the dragon?” Dar asked with an anxious expression.
Sly grunted, then shook his head. “It wouldn't do any good. Bativa said that the dragon already disappeared to the south. Besides, we still need to find the Dragon Sword. We should just continue with our plan to locate the trolls.”
They found their new mounts awaiting them, saddled and ready for travel. Damion opted not to saddle Storm, but settled for a soft riding blanket and a bridle. The huge stallion pranced eagerly when he threw himself atop its back, and with a gentle nudge, they led the others back towards the trade road. 
Once again, Damion was amazed by how gracefully Storm moved. The power that the enormous stallion was capable of was staggering, and it responded to his slightest touch, almost seeming to read his very thoughts. He quickly understood why the warhorses were so treasured by the Deola.
They continued through the grasslands for the next week without encountering anymore tribesmen or seeing any trace of the dragon having struck again. They eventually reached the White River that cut across the plains, and the colossal stone bridge that led into the fortress city of Mercedia.
Damion was dumbfounded when he first caught sight of the city, which rose up from the grasslands like a solitary mountain amidst an ocean of grass. He could hardly believe that something so colossal could be constructed by human hands. The towering spires of the fortress soared high into the clear blue sky, seeming to reach out to the gods themselves.
The huge bridge that led across the river was nearly a half-mile wide, and rather worn-looking from centuries of the Deola pushing their cattle across to the city. Tall, sturdy walls had been erected on the sides of the bridge to prevent any of the cattle from slipping off into the raging river below as they crossed. A large guardhouse flanked either side of the bridge, and a series of long gates built from entire trees blocked passage.
Storm slowed to a stop fifty or so paces from one of the guardhouses, and Damion turned to look at Sly. “Are we going to have any trouble passing?”
The little man shrugged. “It’s hard to tell. We may have to bribe the soldiers to cross. This bridge leads directly into the city, and they are careful about who they allow to cross, but as long as we have a valid reason, we should be allowed to enter.”
They approached the bridge at a cautious walk, then stopped once more as several heavily-armed tribesmen emerged from one of the guardhouses, their faces wary. “Hold!” The largest of the group called importantly. “Identify yourselves, and your reason for wanting to cross.”
Sly slowly slid from his saddle and stepped forward to meet the warrior. “Greetings, warrior of the Deola.” He spoke respectfully and was careful to keep his hands in plain view. “We are travelers wishing to cross into Mercedia, so we can replenish our supplies.”
The tribesman sneered arrogantly, then looked at the others. “You ride Deolan horses!” He said accusingly, his expression outraged. He marched over to Damion and snatched a hold of Storm's bridle. “This is a Deolan warhorse! It belongs to my people! Where did you acquire it, thief?”
Damion scowled down at the warrior angrily, and prepared to dismount, but Storm suddenly reared back, neighing and snorting in fury. Lashing out with a powerful foreleg, the huge warhorse kicked the offending tribesman square in his tattooed chest, sending him flying backwards through the air where he crashed to the ground in a groaning heap at the feet of his companions.
The other warriors suddenly burst out laughing and dragged their injured friend back to his feet. He cradled his chest, which was quickly turning to an ugly shade of purple, and threw the stallion a hateful look, then gestured angrily to the others to let them through. He threw Storm another dark look, then stumbled back into the guardhouse to nurse his wounds, still moaning pitifully.
Sly burst out laughing as he remounted his horse, and smiled approvingly at Storm, who had watched the injured warrior limp off with a contemptuous look in his eyes. “It’s seems your new steed is already proving his usefulness.”
Storm nickered loudly, then began to prance in place eagerly.
Damion laughed, then nudged the prancing beast into a canter, and led the way across the bridge towards the huge looming fortress ahead.

**********

The bridge led directly into the enormous fortress through a huge gate that was guarded by dozens Deolan warriors. They watched with wary eyes as the companions passed into the courtyard beyond the gates, but did not try to prevent them from entering the city.
The enclosed courtyard was lined with vendors who were busy selling their wares to the endless stream of people who bustled by. Thousands of people packed the worn cobblestone streets, hurrying from place to place as they went about their daily business. A surprising amount of those people were foreign merchants that had obviously traveled many thousands of miles to reach the massive city. Damion spotted several groups of elves, numerous dwarves, and many other strangely garbed foreigners as they shuffled from vendor to vendor, selling, haggling, trading, and buying merchandise in which they could take back to their homelands for resale.
“Where do we go from here?” Dar asked, seeming a little overwhelmed by the sheer immensity of the fortress city.
“We need to replenish our supplies.” Sly grunted. “We can do that at almost any of these merchant stands.” He gestured at the main corridor that led to the heart of the fortress. “That road will take us to the livestock arena, where all of the Deola bring their herds to sell at market. Merchants from all over the world come here to purchase cattle and horses. Once we are passed the arena, the main corridor leads out through to the southern gate where the trade road picks back up.”
“That doesn't sound too bad.” Kariah said, her eyes darting from shop to shop, admiring the many trinkets that merchants were trying to sell.
Sly snorted humorlessly. “It will take us two days reach the arena, then another two days reach the southern gate.”
Kariah frowned for a moment, then suddenly shrugged. “At least we can spend a few nights sleeping in a proper bed.” The thought of a bath and a good night's rest put a dreamy smile on the elf maiden's face.
The little man rolled his eyes, then sighed. “We may as well find a suitable inn for the night and get an early start in the morning. Besides,” He licked his lips eagerly. “I could really go for some well-brewed ale.”
They slowly made their way through the crowded streets with Storm and Damion leading the way, parting the sea of people quite easily due to their sheer size. Many of the people they passed stopped and stared openly at the enormous warrior and his even larger warhorse as they moved through the crowd, but no one saw fit to try and bar their way. They soon found a suitable inn and took the horses to the adjoining stables where they could be tended to by the stable hands. 
The stable boy, a husky young fellow with a shaved head and the customary Deolan tattoos, nearly fainted when he laid eyes on Storm, who stared back at the young boy aggressively. The huge warhorse tossed its head back and bared its teeth every time the boy tried to approach, until Damion finally led the stallion to its own spacious stall at the rear of the stables and tended to his new steed himself. After he finished rubbing Storm down thoroughly and making double sure there was plenty for big stallion to eat and drink, he tossed the frightened stable boy a few copper pennies and went next door to rejoin the others.
The inn was a cozy little place built directly into the wall of the fortress. The rooms were all surprisingly large and well-tended, each containing its own fireplace and bathtub. The common room was open and brightly lit by dozens of lanterns that hung from the low ceiling, and by a large fire pit that stood in the center of the room. There were a number of well-polished tables lining the walls, and ornately carved wooden chairs that had been covered in soft fluffy cushions.
The companions chose a table in the far corner of the room and sank wearily into the soft cushions. Sly motioned to one of the serving girls and ordered food and drinks for everyone, then settled back into his chair with a comfortable sigh.
Damion and Snowfeather caused quite a stir among the other patrons when they entered the common room, and many of them watched him with suspicious expressions as he made their way towards the others. The large snow owl continued to perch sedately on his broad shoulder, unaffected by the open stares, but all the attention was making Damion a little nervous, and he hurried towards their table and took his seat, not wanting to draw any more attention to himself.
As they waited for their meals, Damion began to look around curiously. Most of the patrons in the common room were foreigners, obviously in the fortress city on business, although there were a few Deola warriors lounging near the fire pit talking quietly amongst themselves. A group of boisterous dwarves were sitting nearby, laughing uproariously as they swayed back and forth drunkenly, while a pair of prosperous-looking elves stood nearby, sipping at their goblets of wine.
As he continued to look around, Damion noticed several large burly men with strangely slanted eyes and dark swarthy skin who were sitting at a nearby table, staring at the companions with unfriendly eyes. They began to grumble back and forth to one another in a peculiar singsong language, gesturing angrily at Snowfeather. 
“What’s their problem?” Damion asked, staring back at the men with a belligerent look.
“They’re Jaghern.” Sly grunted, draining his ale and beckoning to the serving girl to bring another. “From the eastern continent. Drunkards and thieves, the entire lot. I have never met a Jaghern that wasn't at least a little intoxicated.”
“Why do they keep staring at us like that?” Kariah asked nervously.
“Well, I'd say after a few more drinks, they will probably come over and try to start some trouble.” The little man, looking completely unconcerned, took a long drink from the fresh tankard the serving girl brought him.
A few moments later, Sly's prediction came true. The dark-skinned men rose unsteadily to their feet and lurched over towards the companions, swaying dangerously as they walked. 
“What do we 'ave 'ere?” The apparent leader of the group, a tall, grizzled-looking man who was missing an eye, slurred as his cronies snickered drunkenly. “It looks like we 'ave us a freak wiff a pet parrot!”
The drunken man's companions guffawed stupidly, while the leader continued to stare at them hatefully.
Snowfeather squawked in indignation, and fluffed his feathers, while Sly restrained Damion with a hand on his shoulder. “Not yet.” The little man murmured.
“And what’s this?” The one-eyed man asked Kariah, leering at her disgustingly. “The freak wiff the pet turkey 'as 'imself an elven slut, does ‘ee?” He leaned closer, his breath rancid with stale spirits. “Ow's about givin' me and my friends a roll, eh?”
Sly released Damion's arm. "Now.” He said simply, his eyes dancing with mischief.
Damion's hand suddenly shot out and enclosed around the man's throat in a vise-like grip. He jumped up from his cushioned chair, effortlessly lifting the drunken Jaghern off his feet, then turned and slammed him face first into the unyielding stone wall with a sickening crunch. When he released his grip, the man collapsed to the floor in an unconscious heap. 
“Aren’t you going to help him?” Kariah cried in fear as two of the man's cronies suddenly seized Damion from behind, while the third charged towards him with a long dagger.
Sly shook his head. “Damion can handle it.” The little man took another drink from his tankard, then sat back in his chair to watch the action with an amused expression.
Damion snarled in rage, then kicked the man with the dagger on the point of his chin, sending him somersaulting backwards where he crashed into the table occupied by the dwarves, who roared in anger, then fell upon the man, pummeling him with hammer-like fists. One of the men restraining Damion rushed over to aid his fallen comrade, but was immediately swarmed under and pummeled into unconsciousness by the dwarves.
The remaining Jaghern suddenly found himself airborne as Damion, moving quicker than the eye could follow, spun in place and seized him by the back of his tunic. Heaving with all his might, Damion sent the man flying through the air where he crashed into the group of Deola tribesmen that were still lounging near the fire pit, sending them all crashing to the floor.
Sly applauded the performance as he beckoned the serving girl to bring more ale. “Well done! But you allowed two of them to grab you from behind. If one of them had pulled a knife, it would be buried deep between your shoulders right now.”
 “I noticed that only one of them was armed, so I thought I would have a little fun.” Damion shrugged, returning to his seat. “Besides, they needed to learn a lesson that it isn't polite to speak to a lady in such a manner.”
“And that it isn’t polite to call me a turkey!” Snowfeather squawked indignantly.

Chapter 7

The next morning, as the companions were preparing to eat breakfast, six armed Deolan warriors entered the inn's common room led by the Avonte clan-chief, Bativa. He spotted the companions sitting at the same corner table as the previous night and broke into a wide grin. “My friends!” He bellowed loudly. He dismissed his fellow tribesmen, then hurried to their side. “I’m glad I have found you!”
Damion rose to his feet and greeted their friend, then invited him to join them for breakfast. “When did you arrive in the city?”
“Last night.” Bativa answered, still grinning broadly. “I rode day and night to reach the city so I could meet with the Council about the dragon attacks. It has already destroyed two clans, leaving very few survivors, and slaughtered a vast number of our livestock. It has to be stopped.” His grin grew even broader. “I sent word to the others on the Council of your noble quest, and of your amazing prowess in battle. I just received word that they wish to meet with you before you depart.”
Sly let out a low whistle. “That’s very rare! I've never heard of an outsider being invited to meet with the Council before.”
Damion glanced at the little man, who answered his unspoken question. 
“The Deolan Council is made up of all of the clan-chiefs of all of the tribes. They rule collectively over the Deolan people. Our friend here,” He motioned to Bativa. “is a clan-chief, so he also holds a seat on the Council. Foreigners are rarely invited to meet with them. It is considered a great honor among their people.”
“How did you know that we were here?” Dar asked curiously.
The Deolan warrior burst out laughing. “Word of your exploits are already spreading through the city.” He said, looking at Damion in amusement. “When I heard that a strange-looking warrior had beaten four Jaghern senseless, destroying the common room of an inn in the process, I knew it could only be you!” He chuckled again. “I settled all of the damages for you with the innkeeper, although he readily admitted that it was the Jaghern that instigated the whole incident.” He suddenly turned serious. “I’m here to ask if you will join me in meeting with the Council.”
Damion glanced at Sly, then nodded. “Of course. We would be honored to join you.”
Bativa broke into another grin. “Thank you, my friends. Some of my brothers doubt that a madman is somehow controlling the dragon, but I am that sure your testimony will convince them of the truth.”
“When do they wish to meet us?” Sly asked, stuffing several strips of bacon into his mouth.
“As soon as we can reach the council room.”

********

They followed Bativa through the streets of the fortress city for the next two days until they finally reached a strange-looking platform that was built into a tall shaft that disappeared into the upper levels of the fortress. Bativa gestured for everyone to step onto the platform, then calmly pulled a lever that had been built into the platform floor. With a groaning shudder, the platform slowly began to rise up the shaft, slowly gathering speed the higher they ascended.
“This platform will take us most of the way up to the council room.” The Deola chieftain explained as they continued to ascend higher into the fortress. “It was built years before the upper levels of the fortress. It has a series of weights and counterweights that allow it to rise and fall, depending on which way you throw the lever.”
As they made their way up, the tribesman explained the different functions of each level of the city. They learned that the first several levels above the main corridor and arena were devoted strictly to the families and workers that made their homes in the fortress year-round. The next several levels were for the craftsmen and blacksmiths that had set up shop inside of the Deolan city. The uppermost levels of the city were reserved for the council members and wealthy merchants and were well guarded by heavily-armed Deolan warriors.
The platform finally shuddered to a stop, and they followed the clan-chief through the maze of streets that crisscrossed the massive fortress. After nearly an hour, they finally reached an enormous set of winding stairs that led to the highest levels of the immense fortress, and slowly began to make their way up. They were all winded when they finally reached the uppermost level of the stronghold. 
When they finally reached the top of the staircase, they found themselves in a beautiful domed cathedral that had been sheathed from floor to ceiling in a glistening white marble that reflected the sunlight that streamed through a half-dozen huge skylights that had been constructed in the domed ceiling. The entire cathedral was void of any decoration, save for twelve ornately carved chairs that sat in a half circle in the center of the room. All but two of the chairs held Deolan tribesmen, who watched their approach with curious gazes.
Bativa led them to a spot directly in front of the councilmen, then moved to one of the two empty chairs. “These are the people in which I spoke. They will answer any questions that you may have.” He turned to Damion and the others. “Allow me to present the Deolan Council. Thenke the clan-chief of the Unta clan,” He gestured to the overweight, heavily-tattooed man on his left. “Gredee of the Galaspe clan,” He continued down the line. "Suscep of the Noste clan; Wathre of the Hasht clan; Tonke of the Worashe clan; Cinte of the Calite clan; Druta of the Supece clan; Menke of the Asnote clan; Krel of the Nacetre clan; and Fathre of the Decribe clan.”
Each tribesman nodded his head as their name was announced, their eyes carefully appraising the companions. Several of them wore disapproving looks, clearly unhappy with their presence.
“The missing councilman,” Bativa gestured to the empty chair, his voice suddenly sad. “belonged to Vaghn, clan-chief of the Alanoa clan. He was killed in an attack by the dragon.”
The companions all bowed respectfully the councilmen. 
Damion noticed that many of the councilmen watched him with wary, almost aggressive stares. He distinctly heard the word 'freak' muttered as the clan-chiefs conversed quietly amongst themselves. A sudden anger flared up inside of him as he stared back with an almost openly hostile look. He took an instant dislike to the sneering group.
Many of the councilmen stared angrily at Snowfeather, who perched calmly on Damion’s shoulder, and muttered to one another in harsh voices, though a few stared openly at the beautiful owl with something akin to wonder.
Krel, clan-chief of the Nacetre tribe, sat forward, glaring at Damion with a suspicious expression. His face was covered in elaborate designs, which added to his savage look. “Bativa tells that you have information that concerns us all regarding the dragon. He says that you claim there is a man that controls the dragon that has been attacking our people. Surely that isn't true?” His tone clearly indicated his disbelief.
“It is true.” Damion stated firmly, his face grim. “A man by the name of Kaviel is controlling the dragon with a powerful enchanted stone called the Dragon Gem. The gem forces the great serpent to do whatever the man commands.”
“Why would any man wish to cause such destruction?” Tonke, clan-chief of the Worashe tribe, asked, his face skeptical. “Surely no man would cause such mayhem! He would gain nothing from the deaths of so many innocent people!” He gazed at Damion, obviously believing him to be lying.
“He is searching for a sword that is rumored to be the key to unlocking the Dragon Gem's full power.” Damion’s temper was beginning to rise. Who were they to question his word? His dislike was growing with every second. 
“You speak of the Dragon Sword.” Krel sneered condescendingly. “Everyone knows that the Dragon Sword and the Dragon Gem are only legends. Do you believe us fools? Do you really expect us to believe that the legends are real?”
Damion growled a deep rumbling growl of annoyance. “I really don't care what you choose to believe. I never wished to come here to discuss our quest with you. We were asked. So, believe me or not, we are wasting valuable time, and I'm beginning to grow short on patience.”
There was a loud grumbling among the tribesmen, and many of them looked as though they had been mortally insulted. Bativa, on the other hand, had an openly amused look as he watched his brethren react to these harsh words. He tossed Damion a glance, then winked, obviously enjoying every second.
Sly placed a hand on Damion’s shoulder. “Careful! Remember, we are still in their city. We must show them some respect.”
Damion nodded, then drew a deep breath to help repress his frustration. “The fact is, the Dragon Gem is real. I have seen it with my own eyes. Kaviel has it in his possession, and he is using it to control the dragon.” He gave the men a hard look. “And if the gem is real, then the sword must also be real, and Kaviel will continue to tear this continent apart until he finds it. And if he does manage to find it and is able to join the gem and the sword, there is nothing that will be able to stop him from taking over this world.”
The councilmen began to talk excitedly amongst themselves. Menke of the Asnote tribe suddenly sat forward. “So, you plan to find the Dragon Sword and stop this madman?” He clearly thought such an undertaking was impossible.
“We’re going to try. If we’re able to find the sword, it should help even the odds with the dragon.”
“Attacking the dragon will only anger it even further!” Krel declared in a shrill voice. “If you were to fail, it would take its fury out on our people! We cannot allow you to endanger the Deolan people any further! Too many of our people have perished already! We will not permit you to continue on this mad quest!”
“Will not permit?” Damion growled in a deadly voice.
“Here we go!” Sly sighed in a resigned tone, tossing his arms up in surrender.
Bativa, who had continued to watch in amused silence, nonchalantly slipped away from the other councilmen, obviously believing Damion to be on the verge of turning them all into radishes.
Damion stared at the sneering councilman with anger coursing through his veins. “You think you have the power to stop me?” He asked, his eyes flashing. He drew himself up to his full height, towering at least a foot taller than even the tallest of Deolan warriors. “Apparently, you seem to think that what you have to say should hold some sort of meaning to me.” He glared at them with a hard expression. “It doesn’t.”
Most of the councilmen had sat back in their chairs fearfully, cowed into submission by the look in Damion’s eyes, but Councilman Krel seemed livid. “You dare to ignore the order of this Council?” His tattooed face had turned a violent shade of purple, and he leapt to his feet, appearing to be on the verge of attacking Damion himself.
Damion snarled, then drew in his magic and pointed at the raging tribesman. The invisible force that struck Councilman Krel sent him hurling backwards where he crashed into his heavy chair. He groaned weakly, then slid limply to the floor.
“Damion!” Sly barked in a firm voice. “That’s enough!” He looked at Councilman Krel, who was slowly struggling to a sitting position, a dazed look in his eyes, then at the other cringing councilmen. “I believe the Council now understands the situation. I’m sure that there will be no further disagreements.”
“Perhaps it would be wise to adjourn for the evening?” Bativa suggested, his eyes dancing with amusement. “I’m sure that my brothers would like the chance to take in everything that they have learned here, and to regain their composure.”
“I think that would be best.” Sly agreed, placing a firm hand on Damion’s shoulder.
“Very well. As long as there isn’t any objection from my brothers,” Bativa gestured to his fellow councilmen, who still stared at Damion with terrified eyes. “No? Then let us adjourn until tomorrow.”

**********

Bativa burst out laughing as they descended the spiral staircase, and tears of mirth rolled down his cheeks. “Damion, my friend, that was priceless! The Council didn't know what hit them! I've never seen them intimidated by anything! But you shut them up with just a look!” He chuckled again, then wiped the tears from his eyes. “You certainly deflated that old windbag, Krel. I thought you were going to turn him into a toad for sure! Serves him right, though. He has always thought a little too much of himself.” He gave Damion a curious look. “Can you do that? Turn someone into a toad, I mean?" 
Damion thought about it for a moment. “I probably could if I really wanted to.”
Bativa laughed. “Excellent! Keep that in mind if Krel raises anymore objections! He’s the definition of a conservative and is always the one in the Council that raises the loudest objections.”
 “I doubt he’ll have anything to say after Damion’s little demonstration.” Dar chuckled in amusement.
“I got sick of his attitude.” Damion said defensively. “I figured he needed a nudge to help him understand the situation.”
Bativa laughed a deep booming laugh. “Remind me never to irritate you, my friend.”
Later that night, Sly, Bativa, and Damion remained in the common room while the others retired for the evening.
“You lost your temper pretty quickly today, Damion.” Sly commented as he motioned to the serving girl for another round of drinks. “It’s not like you to lose your cool like that.”
Damion grunted, but said nothing.
Bativa chuckled. “Don’t feel bad, my friend. I can’t stand dealing with those tiresome old windbags either, but unfortunately, it’s considered the worst form of manners for one councilman to attack another. Otherwise, I would have disposed of that jackass, Krel, years ago.”
“Just try to keep your temper in check tomorrow.” Sly warned. “We don’t need a clan of tribesmen chasing us all the way to the Endless Forest.”
“There’s no chance of that happening.” The clan-chief assured them knowingly. “They are more terrified of Damion than they are the dragon! Besides, we need every available warrior to help protect the herds from roving bands of goblins and dragonspawn. Hundreds of the vile creatures have been streaming down from the mountains slaughtering everything in their path. My brothers will not risk sending any warriors after you.” He grinned broadly. “In fact, I’m pretty sure that they will be quite eager to see you go.”
Bativa’s prediction proved to be right on the mark. When they arrived in the domed cathedral the following morning, it was obvious that the councilmen were all quite eager to see the companions leave immediately. They all sat with sickly expressions on their faces, and their eyes continually flicked over towards Damion, clearly fearing another demonstration of his power.
Councilman Krel wore a haughty expression as he stared at the companions, though there was fear in his eyes, and he jumped nervously every time Damion moved.
After a few meaningless questions from Councilman Wathre and Councilman Tonke, Councilman Krel sat forward, his face assuming a fussy, business-like expression. “After further consideration by the Council, we have decided to allow you to continue you quest. You are hereby ordered to locate the Dragon Sword, then continue to the dragon’s lair and put a stop to these attacks at any cost. Stop this madman that controls the beast and bring him to justice, so he may pay for the atrocities that he has committed. This is the order of the Council.”
Damion clearly heard Dar’s groan, and Sly quickly sidled over to Damion’s side and took a firm grip on his arm. “Just let it go.” The little man murmured, a note of desperation in his voice.
Damion settled for staring menacingly at Councilman Krel, who quickly sat back in his chair, his eyes wide with terror.
Bativa, noticing Damion’s homicidal expression, quickly called the meeting to an end, citing the urgency for the companions to continue their journey.
Damion was fuming as he made his way down the long winding staircase that led to the lower levels of the fortress. The others had to jog to keep up with him as he led the way down, cursing viciously with every step. It had taken every bit of self-control that he possessed not to split Councilman Krel up the middle.
“That idiot Krel just doesn’t know when to keep his mouth shut, does he?” Bativa said, shaking his head in exasperation. “The man must have a death wish.”
Damion grunted, but didn’t trust himself to reply. 
Bativa accompanied the companions as they slowly made their way back towards the stables where they had left their mounts. When they finally arrived, they found one of the stable hands lying unconscious in the street surrounded by a growing crowd of curious onlookers. There was a huge gaping hole in the center of one of the wooden stable doors, and Storm, looking quite agitated, stood in the void staring down at the unconscious man contemptuously.
Damion whistled shrilly, and the huge warhorse nickered and trotted through the ruined stable door to his side, deliberately stepping on the unconscious man's chest as he passed. 
Bativa laughed his great booming laugh once more. “I see Storm is still acting like his old self. It seems that you two were meant for one another. You both seem to have the same temperament!”
Damion smiled, gently stroking the stallion's long flowing mane, then turned and grasped the Deolan warrior's forearm in farewell. “Be well, my friend. When this is all over, I'll be sure to find you and let you and your people know that we have been victorious.”
They watched as the tribesman disappeared into the crowd, then gathered the other horses and set off through the streets of the enormous fortress. 
“This place is just too big.” Kariah complained hours later as they continued to press on through the packed streets of the city. “How much farther is it until we reach the arena?”
“About a mile, I’d guess.” Sly answered, reining in his horse to avoid trampling a mob of dwarves who staggered into his path. “The smell is getting stronger, so I’d say we’re pretty close.” He glanced at Damion. “Are we going to push on until we reach the gate, or are we going to find another inn for the night?”
Damion thought about it for a moment. “Let’s find an inn. It’s going to be a long time before we get another chance to sleep in a real bed, so we may as well enjoy it while we can.”
They quickly found an inn and checked their mounts into the adjoining stables. This inn was noticeably shabbier than the other establishments that they had stayed during their visit to the fortress city, but the companions weren’t really concerned about the inn’s appearance as long as it had soft clean beds in which to sleep.
The innkeeper, a short chubby tribesman with a pock mark scarred face and greasy hair, quickly approached as they entered, his face sneering as he stared at Damion. “I’m sorry, but you cannot come in here.” The man had an arrogant voice, and he looked up at Damion with a distasteful expression on his tattooed face.
Sly stepped forward, his eyes glittering dangerously. “And why, exactly, is that?” He looked around the empty common room. “It’s not as if you were completely jam packed with business, now is it?”
The innkeeper sneered at Damion, then turned to look at Sly. “Be that as it may, I still cannot allow you to enter. All of my rooms here have already been taken.” It was obvious that the man was lying.
Sly shook his head in resignation. “You’re treading on thin ice, friend.” He warned ominously. “We have had a tiring day, and my friend here is very short on patience.” He gestured to Damion, who growled menacingly. “If I were you, I would reconsider finding us a room for the evening, before my friend decides to squish your head like a tomato.”
The innkeeper stumbled back several feet. “Y-you can’t threaten me like that!” He stammered fearfully.
Sly laughed humorlessly. “That wasn’t a threat, friend.”
The pudgy little man stared at Damion for a moment, then looked back to Sly. “Follow me.” He grumbled grudgingly. “I’ll show you to your rooms.”
“I love doing that.” Sly murmured to Damion as they followed the innkeeper.
“I noticed.” Damion replied. He had been rather taken aback by the man’s reaction and was having a hard time getting over the look of disgust that the innkeeper gave him upon entering. He had been warned many times growing up to expect such reactions from some people, but it still bothered him as he watched the looks of fear and revulsion cross people’s faces when they first saw him. He decided to forgo dinner and climbed into one of the beds that lined the walls of their room, where he laid awake for several hours before finally drifting off into a fitful sleep.
They emerged from the city through the southern gate two days later, and continued along the trade road, pushing their horses at a steady mile-consuming canter. As night fell, they pulled off the road and set up camp near a large grove of trees. After a short discussion, they decided not to chance a fire, not wanting to draw any attention to themselves.
“You seemed a little bothered by those Deolan councilmen.” Sly commented to Damion later that night while they watched the others as they slept. The little man was relaxing comfortably against the trunk of a large elm, chewing on a piece of salted beef. “You lost your temper pretty quickly. That's not like you. Is everything okay?”
Damion was silent for several moments, then said. “I really didn't like the way they were looking at me. It made me very angry.” He sighed heavily. “I have always known that I'm different from everyone else, but I'm getting rather sick of being looked at like I'm some kind of horrible creature everywhere I go.”
“That’s the way the world is, I'm afraid.” Sly murmured, understanding Damion's frustration. “People are always going to judge you by your appearance. But those who have come to know you know that you are a good and honest young man. Just look at Kariah.” He gestured to the elf maiden, who had curled up next to Damion and fallen asleep. “She has definitely taken a shine to you.” He grinned at him devilishly. “I'd be careful if I were you. I think she has bigger plans for the two of you.”
Damion knew his face had turned a bright red, and he was thankful that it was dark.
“And our new friend Bativa,” The little man continued, tearing another bite from his salted beef, then taking a long drink from his wineskin. “He was very impressed by your prowess in battle, and by your magic. Those who come to know you and care for you will see through your outer appearance to the real you. Those are the only people who really matter.”
Damion sat back in his bedroll, carefully considering his friend’s wise words. Eventually, he fell into a deep sleep.

Chapter 8

The next week was uneventful, and they began to see fewer and fewer merchants and tribesmen as they pushed on through the empty plains. Gradually, the terrain became rockier, and the vegetation became more sparse and dry. Rough cliff sides rose and fell on either side of the trade road, forcing them to move cautiously to avoid causing a rock slide. Then, early one morning, they found their way completely blocked by a landslide that covered the entire trade road. They were forced to double back to try to find an alternate route through the treacherous terrain, and soon found a suitable trail leading to the southeast a mile or so back. They continued following this new path to the southeast, moving slowly and choosing their steps carefully to avoid their horses slipping on the loose gravel that covered the rocky terrain.
The next afternoon they found their way blocked once again, this time by a wide gorge that stretched for miles in either direction. The companions stopped a few feet from the edge and saw that it was nearly a mile down to the gorge's bottom.
Dar slipped down from his horse and peered over the edge. “It doesn't appear to be too steep. Perhaps we can locate a trail that will allow us to lead the horses down. Then we can search for another that leads up the other side.”
“It’s either that or take several days to make our way around it.” Sly grunted sourly.
Damion considered it for a moment, then opted to look for a way down. After a few minutes search, they located a suitable trail, and carefully began to make their way down, leading their horses by the reins to help prevent any accidents. 
It took them nearly three hours to reach the bottom of the steep trail, and they were all winded when they finally reached level ground. They stopped to rest and refresh themselves at the edge of a small stream that carved its way through the center of the gorge.
“How far do you think we've traveled today?” Damion asked Sly as he refilled his flask with the cold clear water.
“No more than five miles.” Sly replied with a sigh. “The trails we've been forced to follow are pretty winding, so we haven't moved as far south as it may have seemed. Once we make our way out of this gorge we can try and locate the trade road again. We are well passed that rock slide by now."
Damion glanced at the dark threatening clouds that were forming overhead, and they could clearly hear the echoes of thunder in the distance. “It looks like a storm is moving in. I really don't think we should try to make our way up in the rain. It will be dangerous enough as it is.”
“What do you suggest?” Dar asked curiously.
“Let’s try and find some shelter from the storm. Somewhere we are safe from any flash floods. We can set off again once the rain has stopped.” 
Damion sent Snowfeather ahead to scout for any suitable shelter while he and the others continued to rest and catch their breath. It wasn't long before the beautiful snow owl returned from its search.
“There is a large cavern with a narrow opening about a mile upstream.” He reported, landing gently on Damion's shoulder. “It looked pretty deep, but I didn't investigate very far. There were a lot of bats.” He fluffed his feathers. “I hate bats!”
Damion snorted in amusement, then he and the others remounted their horses, and followed Snowfeather to the cavern's entrance. 
The cavern was nearly fifty feet wide and appeared to be completely natural. Thousands upon thousands of bats covered the ceiling above, making it appear as though it were moving. The floor of the cavern was thick with bat guano, forcing the companions to tread carefully to avoid slipping in the muck. The cavern led deep into the cliff side, and into the gloomy darkness beyond the range of the failing daylight.
It took a little coaxing to get the horses to enter through the narrow opening, but once inside the large cavern, they seemed to calm down, though they were still a bit skittish.
Kariah crowded closer to Damion as she stared up at the writhing mass of flying creatures above, her eyes wide with fear. She slipped under his arm for protection, and he could feel her body tremble as she pressed against him. His soul thrilled at her touch, and he pulled her closer to comfort her. The strange feelings he felt for the young elf maiden immediately resurfaced, and he suddenly found his heart beating furiously in his chest.
Sly moved a little deeper into the cavern, then stopped. “There’s a passage that appears to lead into another cavern.” 
Everyone moved to join him, stepping carefully in the gloomy darkness. 
“Do you want to take a look?” Damion asked. “Maybe there won't be as many bats if we move a little deeper.”
Sly nodded. “Aye, but we're going to need some light. I don't want us to start stumbling around in the darkness and get separated.”
Damion thought quietly for a moment, then drew in his magic. A small, fiery ball of white light appeared in the air before him, nearly blinding everyone with its intensity. He squinted his eyes in irritation, then willed the light to dim until it was nothing more than a gently glowing orb. It continued to float in the air before them and moved to light their way whenever they moved. 
“Impressive.” Sly complimented him, staring at the floating orb and nodding his approval. “I guess that your magic does have its uses, after all.”
Damion smiled, knowing his friend's dislike for magic, then led the way into the passage.
They immediately noticed that the walls of the passage were unnaturally smooth, and polished to a shine that reflected the light from the glowing orb.
“There’s no way that this can be natural.” Sly murmured, running a hand over its smooth wall. “Someone put a lot of time and effort into polishing this stone.” He stared hard at the dusty floor. “I don't see any signs that anyone has passed through here recently,” He grumbled after a long moment. “but I still get the feeling that we're not alone down here.”
Damion looked to Dar. “Do you have any idea who or what may have built this passage?”
Dar shook his head. “I’ve never heard of any caverns in this area. It could be a goblin hold, but I wouldn't think they would have the skill or patience that it would take to make such a passage.”
They continued down the passageway for about fifty more yards, then it suddenly opened up into another chamber that was nearly twice the size of the first. The walls of the enormous underground chamber had also been polished to an almost mirrorlike perfection, and several large veins of rock crystal crisscrossed the high, equally polished ceiling. The light from the orb reflected off the crystals and sent a rainbow of colors dancing across the stone walls. 
In the center of the chamber was a large, elegant fountain with crystal clear water flowing from the top, cascading to the lower levels where it gathered in a deep pool in the chamber floor. The entire fountain had been carved from pure white marble, and polished to a mirrorlike finish.
Positioned in even intervals around the chamber were twenty or so statues of short, stocky-looking warriors dressed in elaborate-looking armored vests and bearing a variety of different weapons.
“Dwarves!” Dar exclaimed in surprise, examining one of the statues closely. They were amazingly lifelike. “They must have been the ones who built these chambers!” He frowned. “Strange, though. I've never heard of any dwarven settlements anywhere on this continent. They are mostly from the western continent.”
“Do you think they are still here?” Kariah asked with some concern.
“It’s hard to tell.” The boy replied, his tiny face growing troubled. “But we'd better keep our eyes and ears open, just in case. Something doesn't feel right about this place. I feel like we're being watched.”
They tethered their horses to the fountain to drink, then set about putting a cold dinner together from their dwindling stores. 
Snowfeather disappeared into the darkness on silent wings, only to return moments later with an enormous rat clenched tightly in his beak. He settled on the edge of the fountain and quickly gobbled it down. He was preparing to go off in search of another when a sudden movement in the shadows caught his attention. 
One of the dwarven statues had suddenly began to move, creeping forward towards the companions on silent feet, a long wicked-looking dagger clenched tightly in one hand. Several other statues appeared to come to life, producing their own weapons, also moving slowly towards the companions.
Snowfeather let out a great squawk of surprise that echoed loudly throughout the huge cavern chamber. “Damion! Look out behind you! Those statues are moving!”
Damion reacted instantly, drawing his sword and whirling around to face the advancing figures, all in one single motion. By now, all the statues had come to life, and completely encircled the companions.
“I think we've discovered what was bothering you.” Sly growled to Dar. “Someone has bewitched these statues. That was why you felt like you were being watched.”
Dar peered a little closer at the stocky statues, then exclaimed. “Those are not bewitched statues! They are dwarves! They must have covered themselves in stone dust and posed as statues! And they did a fair job of it, too! They had me completely fooled!”
The dwarves continued to slowly advance, and the companions were preparing to defend themselves when a deep booming voice echoed through the cavern. “Drop your weapons! You are completely surrounded, and there is no chance of escape!” The voice was heavily accented and seemed to come from the back of the chamber.
Damion looked at Sly with a slightly amused expression. “Do you want to take care of this, or shall I?”
“Go ahead. Just don't hurt them too badly. Dwarves really aren't so bad. A sight better than goblins, and they brew delicious ale.”
Damion laughed, then drew in his magic and focused his concentration carefully. The dust-covered dwarves all suddenly began to howl in pain and surprise as the steel of their weapons and armor instantly began to glow red-hot, as if they had just been pulled from a forge. 
The companions all began to laugh as the stocky little warriors tried desperately to remove the smoking hot vests with already burned fingers. After a moment, the dwarves gave up and dashed passed the companions and began throwing themselves into the cool water of the fountain. The searing metal was quickly quenched, leaving the burned dwarves to soak in the cool liquid, moaning and groaning pitifully.
Sly wiped the tears of mirth from his eyes with the back of his hand, then sheathed his sword. “We come peacefully.” He bellowed loudly, making sure he could be heard over the cries of pain. “If you refrain from any further attacks, my friend here,” He glanced at Damion and chuckled. “will refrain from turning you all into charcoal.”
Hearing this, the injured dwarves in the fountain quickly splashed away from them in fear. 
Another dwarf suddenly appeared from the darkness at the far end of the chamber and marched fearlessly up to the companions. He stopped a few feet away, and threw a disgusted look at the other dwarves, who still floated in the cool water, nursing their burns and moaning pitifully. He turned and fixed Damion with an angry glare. “Who are you?” He demanded in a booming voice. “Why do you bother us? These caverns belong to the dwarves! You have no business being here!”
This dwarf was noticeably different from the others. He was at least a foot taller than his brethren, nearly five feet tall, and he wore superbly-crafted suit of armor made up of thousands of tiny overlapping scales that had been polished to a brilliant sheen. His long fiery-red hair hung down his back in elaborate braids, and his beard, which seemed to sprout from just below his eyelids, was meticulously groomed, and hung nearly to his knees. He carried himself with the air of someone who was accustomed to giving orders and glared at the companions as though it was below his station to be conversing with such barbarians.
“Calm yourself, friend.” Sly said in a placating tone. “We meant no harm or disrespect. We were just searching for a place to ride out the coming storm and stumbled across these caverns.”
The dwarf snorted, clearly not believing a word of his story. He remained silent, but continued staring at the companions with an angry belligerence.
“We were searching for a way out of the canyon, so we may continue our journey.” The little man continued undaunted. “Do you know of such a way?”
The dwarf snorted again, still staring at them suspiciously. “Back the way you came.” He answered shortly.
Damion shook his head. “That won't work. Try again.”
“There is no way up the south side of the gorge. You must return the way you came, and detour around.” He continued to glare at the companions, but began to stroke his beard nervously.
“What about through the caverns?” Dar asked, watching the dwarf closely. “Is there a way leading to the top from underground?”
The dwarf was silent for several moments, his eyes suddenly thoughtful as he continued to stroke his flowing beard. “Perhaps, but you must first get permission from our king, and he dislikes trespassers in our caverns. He will not like your presence here. Magic of any kind is strictly prohibited in our caverns.” He gave Damion a rather nervous look.
“He doesn't have to like it.” Damion said bluntly.
The stocky little warrior gulped audibly. “There may be a way we can come to an agreement.” He stammered quickly. “If you were to perform a service for us, then he may grant you access to our caverns.”
“What kind of service?” Sly asked warily.
The dwarf shook his head. “We will discuss this later. I will lead you to the main hall, and you can explain your needs to the king directly. He will make the final decision in this matter.” He barked an order to the injured dwarves, who were continuing to nurse their wounds, then waited as the companions gathered their horses and belongings. He suddenly swore, staring up at Storm with wide fearful eyes as Damion led the enormous warhorse forward. “You-You cannot bring this beast!” He stammered. “The king would be horrified with such a creature moving through our caverns!”
Damion glared dangerously at the dwarf. “He’ll get over it.”
Storm snorted at the tiny warrior contemptuously, then began to paw at the stone floor, sending a shower of sparks flying from the steel shoes on his hooves.
The dwarf jumped back fearfully, then, with a somewhat hopeless look, he turned and led the companions through an archway at the far end of the chamber which led into another long corridor that sloped downward in a gentle but steady angle.
They passed several other passages and corridors without pausing and continued following their dwarven guide down the sloping tunnel and deeper into the maze of caverns. 
Dar began to question the dwarf, and commented on the exquisite craftsmanship of the tunnels, and the amazingly-detailed carvings that decorated the stone walls in an effort to draw him into a conversation.
“My people have lived in these tunnels for over a thousand years.” The dwarf informed them proudly. “They were discovered by my great grandfather, and over the centuries, we've worked and toiled to expand the caverns and improve our home. We are very proud of what we have accomplished here.” He held a stubby fingered hand up to his eyes to shield them from the light of the floating orb, which still flew a few feet ahead of them, looking like a tiny star against the darkness. He looked at Damion. “Is there anything you can do about that?” He gestured at the tiny ball of light. “It is like someone is shoving red hot daggers in my eyes.”
Damion nodded, then willed the orb to dim to a gentle glow. 
The dwarf sighed in relief. “We have no need for such light down here in our caverns.” He explained as he continued down the tunnel. “We harvest a certain type of fungi that produces a very dim glow, and it provides us with all of the light we need.”
“How is it that no one has ever discovered your existence here?” Dar asked curiously.
“We rarely find any need to reveal ourselves to outsiders.” The dwarf replied with a shrug. “We are a fully self-sufficient race. We have no need to mingle with the outside world, although a few dwarves do occasionally travel abroad to trade our wares.”
They followed the dwarf into another large cavern that was bustling with activity. Hundreds of dwarves filled the cavern, apparently running about their daily chores and errands. There were dozens of small dugout chambers lining the walls of the massive cavern, each occupied by several dwarves who were busy creating beautiful crafts which they displayed on large tables in front of their chambers to sell to their fellow kinsmen. A great many of these chambers were filled with finely crafted weapons and armor of every make and description, while others contained fine jewelry and other trinkets. Still others were filled with more ordinary, day to day items like silverware and thick bottomed pots and pans for cooking. All the laboring dwarves seemed quite intent on their work, and their superior craftsmanship showed in every item they produced.
The companions were greeted by the bustling dwarves with frightened stares and whispers as they made their way through the huge cavern. They could clearly hear angry mutters ripple through the crowd as they passed, and a great many of them dropped what they were doing to follow along behind, their faces suspicious and distrustful. There were several fearful screams as the glowing orb floated through the crowd before them, clearing a wide path, and causing many of the dwarves to shade their eyes from the sudden light.
The companions gazed with awe and fascination at all the different sights of the crowded chamber. They were amazed that such an established civilization could reside in the subterranean caverns without anyone knowing of their presence. 
They passed a huge fire pit that had been built in the center of the chamber where dozens of dwarves rushed around preparing and serving a variety of strange-looking foods to a waiting throng of hungry customers. 
“Where do you obtain your food and supplies?” Damion asked, his stomach growling audibly. “I can't image you can grow anything down here in the dark.”
“You may be surprised at what we are able to produce underground.” The dwarf replied. “There are a great number of different edible fungi that grow in our caverns. Many are very flavorful, and highly nutritious. We also have a number of lakes and streams that are teeming with fish. There is also a certain type of lichen that we harvest that is prized for its special curative properties. It is almost as good as gold. The rest is obtained by trade. Our weapons and armor are highly valued throughout the world for their superior crafting.”
They came to a stop at the far end of the enormous chamber near a small crystal-clear pool that was fed by a tiny waterfall that poured from a dark crevice in the stone ceiling. Their stocky guide bellowed something in his own language to several onlookers, who quickly hurried off, then turned to the companions. “You may leave your mounts here. They will be tended to while you meet with the king.”
The onlookers reappeared with several large burlap bags filled with oats and barley, though they all seemed very reluctant to approach Storm, who stared at the dwarves with open hostility. One onlooker finally screwed up enough courage to slowly approach, while the others quickly tended to rest of the horses, prudently leaving their foolhardy kinsman to deal with the fierce stallion.
Damion gently patted the fearsome warhorse on the neck. “Stay alert and watch over the other horses. I'll be back soon.” He murmured quietly, causing the stallion to paw at the stone floor fiercely and tossed its head high. He laughed, then added. “Try not to hurt anyone too badly.” He laughed again, then turned and followed their guide, leaving the frightened dwarf to stare at the warhorse apprehensively.
Their guide led them through another ornately-carved archway and down several more passageways before they finally emerged into a huge oval room of such stunning magnificence that the companions all stopped in their tracks, gasping in utter disbelief. 
The polished walls of the subterranean chamber were a spider web of thick ropey tendrils of pure gold which spread across the ceiling and cascaded down in a glittering waterfall in the center of the chamber, forming an infinitely priceless pillar. A large, elaborately-decorated throne had been painstakingly carved into the base of the golden waterfall and was piled high with numerous brightly colored pillows. A grossly-fat dwarf dressed in dark blue robes of the finest fabrics lounged atop the pillows, staring at the new arrivals with wide, disbelieving eyes. Nearly thirty armed dwarves in full battle armor flanked either side of the throne, their eyes fixed upon the companions and the strange floating ball of light that hovered before them.
Damion gazed closely at the fat little dwarf, who continued to stare at them in stunned silence. Upon close examination, the king appeared to be a rather greasy-looking fellow, with a shrewd face that had the petulant look of a child who had been overly-spoiled. His long graying hair and beard was groomed to near perfection, and numerous chains and jewels draped his fat neck and stubby fingers. Great beads of sweat poured from every pore, soaking his splendid robes and adding to his greasy appearance. 
Several female servants who knelt near the edge of the throne gasped in fear, then disappeared behind the king's fierce-looking personal guard, who continued to watch them with stony expressions, their hands firmly upon their weapons.
The companions stopped about a dozen paces from the throne, and their guide stepped forward and knelt down on one knee humbly. “Father, I bring travelers lost in our caverns.”
The dwarven king stared at the strange glowing object that hovered silently before him, then to the companions. His bearded face suddenly grew angry, and he began speaking rapidly in the dwarven language. He cast another angry glance at Damion and he others, then spoke to the kneeling dwarf in common speech. “You bring outsiders into my presence, Garth? Have you lost your wits entirely?” He spoke scathingly, causing the kneeling dwarf to flinch. “Could you not handle this on your own? You would risk bringing them into the heart of our caverns, and exposing our people to the world?”
“B-But father!” Their guide stammered pleadingly. “W-We tried to force them to leave, but the large one destroyed all of our weapons!”
The king snorted in disbelief. “Destroyed your weapons? How?” He focused his gaze upon Damion, staring him up and down with indifference.
“H-He used magic, father!” The fiery-haired dwarf explained in a desperate tone. “He forced me to guide them here!” His voice trailed out into a shameful whisper.
The king's face drained of color, and he snapped back in his throne, eyeing Damion with terrified eyes. “A sorcerer? You have brought a sorcerer among us? Have you gone mad?” His voice was outraged. “You have allowed him to perform magic in our sacred caverns?” He turned his frightened eyes to Damion. “What business do they have here?”
Damion’s temper was slowly rising, but he somehow managed to keep it under control.
Their guide winced at his father's harsh words. “F-father, they are not here to cause us harm. They are merely searching for passage to the south side of the chasm, so they may continue on their journey.” He quickly stood and turned to the companions. “This is my father, Tarok Stonecrusher, King of the Southern Dwarves.”
The companions all bowed respectfully, then Damion stepped forward to stand before the dwarven king, causing the fat little dwarf to flinch back violently. “Greetings, your majesty. I am Damion Omensent, and these are my companions, Gabriel Quickhand, Dar of the Alena, and Lady Kariah of Sevria.” He gestured to each in turn.
The king gazed at each person momentarily, then quickly looked back to Damion. “Why have you come here? Is it true that you performed foul magic in our sacred caverns?” The arrogance was quickly returning to the dwarven king's voice, and he stared at Damion imperiously.
“We were searching for a way up the south side of the ravine when a storm forced us to search for shelter.” Damion replied calmly. “That’s when we stumbled across your caverns. Your warriors attacked us, and I was forced to take steps to protect my companions and myself. Your warriors were not injured badly.”
The fat little dwarf looked outraged. His pudgy face grew a violent shade of red, and he appeared to be on the verge of ordering his warriors to attack, when Snowfeather suddenly appeared from the darkness, gliding ghost-like upon silent wings. He settled easily on Damion's outstretched arm, then calmly began to preen his glistening white feathers. 
The king slowly sat forward, gazing at the graceful bird in fascination, his anger quickly forgotten. “What a remarkable-looking creature. I have never seen anything like it before. What is it called?”
Damion smiled. “His name is Snowfeather. He is a snow owl.”
The king watched as the ghostly bird hopped from Damion's arm to his shoulder, then turned his attention back to the companions. “What is it that you wish from us?” He asked, his expression wary.
“We are on a journey of the greatest urgency.” Dar replied, stepping forward. “We wish only to reach the top of the southern edge of the gorge. If there is such a way through the caverns, we ask that you have a guide lead us out, and we'll bother you no further.”
The king frowned. “What is the nature of this urgent quest?”
Dar glanced to Damion, who nodded, then quickly explained the sudden appearance of the dragon, Kaviel's discovery of the Dragon Gem, and his destructive search for the Dragon Sword.
The king's expression grew grim. “This is very troubling news. I know of the legends of the Dragon Gem and the Dragon Sword. It was one of our own, a black-hearted dwarf that had been expelled from the colony for using magic, that created the Dragon Sword. It was forged from the finest steel, quenched in the blood of a dragon, and enchanted to be the key that unlocked the power of the Dragon Gem.” His expression was grave. “If this madman locates the Dragon Sword and unlocks the Dragon Gem's power, even we dwarves will be in danger.”
Dar nodded. “So you see our need to continue our quest as quickly as possible. We need to reach the top of the gorge to the south, and we need your guides to help us find a way.”
The king fell silent for a moment, his bearded face clouded in thought. “I think there may be a way for us to help one another.” He said finally. “We have a small problem that you may be able to aid us in solving.” He glanced at Garth. “But first, I must confer with my son. I will have someone lead you to the guest quarters, so you may rest and refresh yourselves. We can continue our discussion later.”
Dar bowed to the fat little dwarf respectfully. “We thank you for your hospitality, your majesty.”
They followed a nervous servant through another elaborately-carved archway, and down a long corridor to a small, but richly-decorated chamber. The chamber floor was littered with large pillows of every color on which they could relax, and in one corner stood a small tinkling fountain filled with cold, crystal clear water.
The servant noticed Kariah eyeing the fountain in fascination as she searched for the water's source and grunted. “It is fed by a natural spring. There are similar springs in almost all of the royal chambers.” He turned to the others. “I will return shortly with refreshments. Is there anything that you may require?”
“Ale.” Sly grunted, throwing himself onto one of the large pillows. “Lots of ale. And food.”
The servant bowed respectfully, then hurried from the room.
“What do you think they want from us?” Damion asked, splashing some of the cool water onto his face and neck.
“It’s hard to say.” Dar said thoughtfully. “But it must be something serious. I have never known a dwarf to ask for help with anything. They must be pretty desperate.”
Sly nodded in agreement. “I have known many dwarves over the years. They are fierce warriors who fear nothing. It must be something fairly serious for them to even consider asking outsiders for aid.”
The servant reappeared a few minutes later carrying a tray with several large bowls of stew, and a small cask of ale with several tankards. He placed the tray of food on a large pillow, then turned and presented Sly with the cask of ale. “His majesty sends this with his utmost regard. It is from his own private stock.”
Sly grinned broadly, then quickly broached the cask and poured himself a tankard. He drained it without hesitation, then sighed lustily and wiped his mouth with one arm. “This is, by far, the best brew I have ever tasted!” He poured tankards for everyone, then refilled his own and drained it once again.
The dwarven servant laughed. “Of course, it is! Our king demands the finest! Few others have ever tasted that ale outside of the royal family.”
Their guide, the dwarven prince, Garth, appeared at the chamber’s entrance, and watched the companions for a moment with a slight look of apprehension.
“Come, my short little friend!” Sly said extravagantly, filling a tankard for the fiery-haired dwarf. “Join us in a drink. Your father was kind enough to provide us with a most excellent tasting brew.”
Garth joined them and took the tankard that the little man poured for him with a nod of thanks. He took a long drink, then sighed. He glanced at the servant and gestured for him to leave, then turned back to the others, his expression conflicted.
“Was there something you wished to discuss with us?” Damion asked, noticing his expression.
“Well...” The stocky little dwarf coughed uncomfortably. “I... uh... I wished to apologize for my manners upon our first meeting.” He was clearly not accustomed to apologizing for his actions. “I hope that we can put it behind us and start anew.”
"It's already been forgotten." Sly waved his hand dismissively, then drained his tankard. “I absolutely love this brew!” He belched thunderously, then refilled his tankard yet again. “I have never tasted anything like it before!”
Damion snorted in amusement. “And he has tasted more ale than you could possibly imagine.”
The little man threw him a dark look, but didn't reply.
The dwarven prince's chest swelled with pride. “Our brewers are the finest in the world. The brew you now drink is reserved solely for the royal family. The recipe is as closely guarded as the king himself.”
“Then why did the king honor us with such an extravagant gift?” Damion asked, watching the dwarven prince closely. “He must really need our help if he would so willingly part with such a prized treasure.”
“My father will explain that matter soon enough. But...” He glanced towards the chamber entrance to be sure that no one was nearby to hear. “I wish to ask you for a boon.” He glanced around nervously, then lowered his voice to a murmur. “Is it true that you are following the dragon to the south?”
“That’s the plan.” Damion replied, settling into a large pile of pillows.
“Do you plan to pass through Kainpre on your way to the south?” The dwarf asked, his voice scarcely more than a whisper.
Damion and Sly exchanged a glance.
One of Sly's eyebrows were cocked questioningly as he looked back to the dwarf. “We were considering it. Why do you ask?”
Garth shifted anxiously. “It is my betrothed, Gretta. She accompanied her father, a merchant of great wealth, on a trip to the walled city of Kainpre several weeks ago, but has yet to return. They should have been back by now. I fear something has happened to prevent their return.” His expression grew worried. “Recently, many of our people who have ventured out of the caverns have failed to return from their journeys. And now, my Gretta is missing, too!"
Sly immediately saw where this was leading. “So, you wish to join us, so you may search for your betrothed once we reach the city?”
The dwarven prince nodded emphatically. “I would undertake this journey alone, but I have never traveled outside of these caverns.” A hopeless expression fell across his heavily-bearded face. “I don't think I would survive on the surface without help.”
Damion felt pity for the despairing dwarf and exchanged slight nods with both Dar and Sly before saying. “You may accompany us to Kainpre, though once we arrive, we'll be pressing on to the south. I really don't know how much help we will be.”
Garth broke into a wide smile which was almost completely hidden beneath his thick facial hair. “Thank you, my friends! I will be forever in your debt!” He rose to his feet and bowed deeply. “I will leave you to rest. My father will summon you when he is ready to discuss his proposal.” He bowed once more, then hurried from the chamber.
A few hours later, Garth reappeared. “My father requests your presence in the throne room, at your leisure, of course.”
Damion rose to his feet, then glanced at Sly. “Let’s let them sleep.” He gestured to Kariah, who was curled up comfortably on a huge pillow, then to Dar, who was sprawled out on the hard stone floor a few feet away, snoring remarkably loud for someone of such small stature. “It doesn't make sense to wake them. Besides, I doubt if we'd be able to revive Dar.”
Sly snorted in amusement. “Doesn’t hold his drink very well, does he?"
They left their friends in peace and followed Garth back to the extravagant throne room where the dwarven king sat awaiting their arrival. 
The fat little monarch struggled to his feet with a great deal of difficulty and greeted them anxiously. “Welcome, my friends.” He wheezed, breathing hard from the effort it had taken to haul his morbidly fat body from the golden throne. He clapped his chubby little hands together twice, and two servants quickly brought forth a pair of large wooden chairs with bright red cushions, which they placed directly before the throne. “Please make yourselves comfortable.”
Damion wasn't at all surprised at the dwarven king's abrupt change in behavior. It was obvious that something big was troubling the obese little dwarf, and it appeared he was quite desperate for help.
The king patiently waited until they had taken their seats, his shrewd little eyes nervously appraising the strange outsiders. When they were comfortable, he dismissed his servants and the fierce-looking soldiers that flanked either side of his throne, showing them that he had a great deal of trust that they meant him no harm. Once they were alone, he carefully lowered his bulk back onto the throne. “I will get right to the point.” He began, his voice grave. “We have a problem that you may be able to assist us in solving.” He paused as Garth brought forth several huge tankards of ale. He took a long steadying drink, then belched thunderously. “Better bring in the entire keg.” He said to his son.
Garth nodded, then quickly disappeared to retrieve a cask of brew. He reappeared a moment later with a large cask which he placed between his father and Damion and Sly, then went to stand attentively next to the throne.
The king turned back to the companions. “As I was saying, we have a rather serious situation that you may be able to assist us with in return for a guide to lead you through our maze of caverns.” He paused for a moment, then continued. “Our colony has existed in these caverns for almost a thousand years without fear of intrusion of any kind. We have lived here in peace and tranquility, hidden away from the world, and those who may wish us harm. Our colony has prospered greatly over the centuries, and we slowly began to expand our caverns to accommodate our swelling population.”
“Seems reasonable.” Sly commented as he sipped at his tankard of ale. “You have a well-established community in these caverns. I imagine it takes quite a bit of effort to provide adequate space for them all.”
The dwarven king nodded his head. “Our diggers work around the clock to provide more room for our colony to expand.” His expression grew grim. “A few weeks ago, a group of diggers discovered an enormous cavern that would be large enough to house our entire population twice over. The diggers decided to explore the cavern, believing it to be empty.” His voice trembled slightly. “They were wrong.”
Damion and Sly exchanged dubious looks, then waited for the fat little monarch to continue.
“There was some sort of beast living inside of the cavern. It killed a dozen of our diggers before the rest were able to drive it back and seal the chamber’s entrance.” He stared at Damion and Sly with pleading eyes. “It is only a matter of time before the creature breaks through and begins rampaging through caverns, killing us all.”
“What does this creature look like?” Sly asked, draining his tankard and refilling it from the cask.
“It is huge, almost fifteen feet tall, with a body similar to that of a cat. Its head is very small, though it has great tusks jutting up from its lower jaw. Its entire body is covered in thousands of piercing needles that it hurls at its prey with deadly accuracy. The needles appear to be extremely poisonous, causing almost instant death.”
Sly cursed loudly. “A grimlot! By the gods, you've unearthed a grimlot!” He cursed again, his face totally devoid of color.
Damion looked at him curiously. “I take it you have heard of this creature before?” He was rather surprised by his friend's reaction.
Sly nodded. “Aye, I've heard of them. I have never actually seen one myself, but then again, most who encounter a grimlot do not survive to tell the tale.” He took a long pull from his tankard, his hands shaking slightly. “If that thing were to get loose, it would kill every living thing in these caverns!”
“That is what we fear.” The dwarven king had a slight air of desperation about him. “It must be destroyed, but I fear we haven't the power!” He looked at Damion. “But you are a sorcerer! You can use your magic to destroy the creature!”
Damion was quiet for a moment, his expression troubled. “So, you want us to destroy the grimlot in exchange for a guide to lead us through the caverns. Is that what you’re saying?”
The fat little monarch winced. “It doesn't sound like a very fair arrangement if you put it that way.”
Damion considered it for another moment, then replied. “It’s a deal. I'll destroy the grimlot, but you must provide us with full provisions before we leave.”
“Are you mad?” Sly exclaimed in disbelief. “You want to try and face a grimlot?”
Damion shrugged. “I’m already planning to face a dragon. I may as well try to help them with their problem. I can use the practice.”
Sly stared at him in disbelief, completely speechless.
“Do they have any weaknesses that you know of?” Damion asked the scruffy little man curiously.
Sly continued to stare at him incredulously for several more moments, then he sighed in resignation. “Fire. I've heard that they are terrified of fire. They also have very poor eyesight from living in the darkness underground. They're almost completely blind, but they can still lock onto your body heat. And they have a tremendous sense of smell. Once they have your scent and your body heat, they shower you with those deadly needles. After that, you’re an easy meal.” He frowned worriedly. “So how do you plan on stopping it?”
Damion broke into a wide smile. “I’m not sure yet. I think I may just play it by ear.”
Sly groaned, dropping his face into his hands despairingly.
“So, you will help us?” The dwarven king asked, his eyes alight with hope.
Damion nodded. “Aye. We will help.”
Sly looked up from his hands suddenly. “But you have to toss in a couple of casks of this ale.” He drained the contents of his tankard, then refilled it once again.
The king laughed heartily. “It’s a deal! I'll have the diggers start clearing the chamber’s opening immediately. It will take several hours to clear a path. I'll send for you as soon as they are finished. I'm sure would like to take this time to rest and prepare yourselves.” He struggled to hoist his great bulk up from the golden throne once again, then bowed as deeply as his portly frame would allow. “I thank you on behalf of all of my people. We will be forever in your debt.”

Chapter 9

The companions were awakened several hours later by Garth, who informed them that the passage that led to the grimlot's chamber would be clear within the hour. Damion roused the others, then he and Sly quickly explained their meeting with the dwarven king while they prepared themselves for the battle that lie ahead.
Kariah was furious when she found out that she and Dar were to be left behind while they faced the beast. Even a detailed description of the horrid creature failed to convince her that she should remain behind where it was safe. “You cannot just leave me here to sit and wait for you to return! I want to help!” She stomped her tiny little foot angrily.
Damion shook his head. “I’m sorry, but you must remain behind where it is safe. It's going to be very dangerous, and I don't want to have to worry about you being injured.”
“Who do you think you are telling me what to do?” She demanded with a fiery look in her eyes. “I can take care of myself!”
“There’s absolutely no way I'm going to allow you to put yourself in danger, even if it makes you hate me afterward. I'm much too fond of you to let you go and get yourself killed!”
Her expression suddenly grew soft. “You are?”
Damion began to blush a violent shade of red, then he smiled and took her tiny hand in his. “I am. So please, stay here with Dar where I know you will be safe. We will return as soon as we are finished.”
Kariah stared at him for several moments, then sighed. “Very well. I will stay behind, but only because I do not wish to distract you.” She grasped him firmly by the front of his tunic and pulled him down to kiss him gently on the lips. “Be careful, my fierce warrior. I will be waiting for you to return.”
He blushed again, then nodded dumbly, his senses reeling from the electricity of her soft lips.
Sly snorted in amusement, then laid a hand on Damion's shoulder. “Are we ready?”
Damion grinned foolishly, a slightly dazed look on his face. “Ready for what?” He continued to stare at the young elf maiden with adoration.
Sly sighed in resignation, then grabbed Damion firmly by the arm and followed Garth from the chamber.
They followed the dwarven prince through a maze of passages that twisted and turned in every direction, passing through numerous chambers that were bustling with dwarves scurrying about their daily business. After nearly an hour of seemingly aimless wandering, they finally rounded a corner and stopped abruptly. The tunnel ended in a large pile of rubble that was steadily being removed by several dozen dwarven diggers. The walls of the surrounding tunnel showed the signs of recent work and were not carved or polished like the walls and chambers closer to the throne room.
One of the dust-covered diggers trotted up as they approached and murmured something quietly to Garth. He nodded to the digger, then turned to Damion and Sly. “The entrance has been cleared. Are you gentlemen finished with your preparations?”
“We are as ready as can be expected.” Damion grunted.
The dwarf smiled hopefully. “Do you have any idea how you are going to defeat this creature?”
Sly shook his head. “Grimlots are very unpredictable. There's no telling what will happen once we enter the chamber. Just have your diggers ready to seal the entrance in case we fail. You definitely don't want to have it finding its way into the rest of the caverns.”
They carefully made their way through the jagged opening to the grimlot's cavern. A cool breeze gently blew against their faces bringing an unidentifiable stench that nearly caused them to gag.
“By the gods! What is that smell?” Damion's eyes had begun to water, and he had to forcefully repress the urge to vomit. “It smells like it has already died!”
“It’s not dead.” Sly assured him. “It’s said the smell of a grimlot can render some men helpless.”
“I can believe it. I'm beginning to get a little lightheaded myself!”
They slowly moved deeper into the enormous cavern with their swords drawn and at the ready. The inky darkness was nearly impenetrable, and after a few moments Sly stopped, having nearly tripped over an unseen rocky outcrop. “I can't see anything in here!” Sly complained in a loud whisper. “We need some light! Can you do anything about that?”
Damion drew his magic about him, then willed another fiery ball of light into existence. It floated high into the air and hovered near the roof of the chamber, lighting up the entire cavern.
The cavern was even larger than they had first guessed and contained a large lake that engulfed nearly half of the cavern floor. There were hundreds of stalagmites and stalactites growing from the ceiling and floor, providing numerous places in which a large creature could conceal itself.
They slowly continued in their advance, alert for any sign of movement by the grimlot. They stopped in the center of the cavern, seeing nothing unusual among the rocky outcrops.
“It doesn't seem to be here.” Damion commented, gazing around with penetrating eyes. “Maybe it found a way out.”
A sudden piercing scream echoed throughout the chamber, causing them both to jump in surprise. Looking at the chamber ceiling directly above them, they spotted the grimlot looking down at them with milk-colored eyes, its powerful claws dug deep into the stone. Its blind eyes were locked on their position, and its great nostrils flared as detected their scent. The short piercing needles that covered its body were rippling in waves down its back as it sniffed the air, then its eyes suddenly narrowed, and it screamed another terrifying scream.
“It’s going to drop!” Damion roared to Sly in warning. They both threw themselves forward and rolled clear as the huge beast released its vise-like grip on the stone ceiling and dropped nimbly to the floor.
Damion quickly regained his feet, slightly taken aback at the sheer size of the enormous creature. He glanced over to Sly, who had scrambled to his feet and stood staring at the massive creature, his sword held at the ready.
The grimlot slowly turned to face Damion, its great nostrils carefully testing the air for their scent. It stopped facing him, then began to sway rhythmically in an almost hypnotic motion. It suddenly crouched catlike, the thin poisonous spines on its back pressed tight against its body as it prepared to attack.
Damion narrowly avoided a lightning fast slash from the creature's razor-like claws as it hurled itself forward, screeching with a dreadful hunger. Its claws only found air as he rolled clear, and it screeched once more in frustration. He sprang to his feet and lashed out at the snarling beast, striking it on its broad side, but his sword merely bounced harmlessly off its armor-like spikes. 
The grimlot reacted instantly to the blow, and he was forced to duck under two wild swipes and scramble behind a rocky outcrop to avoid being ripped to pieces.
Sly quickly circled the creature as it searched for Damion, trying to locate a weak spot in its natural armor, but found that there were few places on the beast’s huge body that was vulnerable to an attack.
To their surprise, a number of dwarven diggers suddenly rushed into the cavern and began pelting the grimlot with fist-sized stones in an attempt to distract and confuse the beast. 
Taking advantage of the sudden distraction, Sly darted in and slashed the beast across the only vulnerable place he could spot, the creature's huge unarmored nose. It reared, screaming in pain, and lashed out blindly, forcing him to fall back out of harm’s way.
The grimlot screamed again, then suddenly drew a deep shuddering breath. Its body instantly expanded to nearly twice its size, sending a shower of poisonous spikes flying in every direction. Damion and Sly instinctively dove for cover as the needles whistled passed their faces, but several of the dwarven diggers fell twitching convulsively as the grimlot’s poison coursed through their veins.
Damion emerged dripping from the lake where he had thrown himself to avoid the deadly barrage of needles, and began to search for Sly, hoping his friend had been able to find cover. He breathed a sigh of relief as he saw the little man reappear unscathed from behind a rocky outcrop, then turned his attention back to the grimlot, which was sniffing the air once more in an attempt to locate its prey.
The massive beast slowly turned to face Damion once more, breathing deeply through its enormous cavern-like nostrils. Its milk-colored eyes narrowed as it caught his scent, and it reared back on its hind legs swiping at the air wildly. He nimbly darted under the wild swipes and drove his sword with all his strength through its spiked armor deep into its belly, snapping his blade off at the hilt. He dove for safety as it lashed out once more, screaming in rage and pain, then rolled to his feet near the edge of the lake, searching for something to use as a weapon.
A sudden cheer came from the cavern's opening as dozens of armored dwarves charged towards the injured grimlot, led by the dwarven prince Garth. The sturdy little dwarves began chopping at the spike-covered creature with vicious-looking battleaxes, heedless to the danger of the poisonous needles.
The grimlot suddenly lunged forward and lashed out with a spike-covered forearm, sending several dwarves flying backward through the air where they crashed into their comrades with hundreds of poisonous needles buried deep in their bodies. One of the dying warriors crashed into Garth, knocking him back several feet where he crashed hard to the stone floor and lay motionless in an unconscious heap.
The raging beast screeched in fury once more, then sent another wave of spikes flying through the air, forcing everyone to dive for cover once again.
Damion dove back into the lake, then emerged dripping once more, a little frustrated that he had no longer had a weapon. He watched as the beast turned, sniffing the stale air of the cavern, then slowly began to amble towards Garth, who still lay in an unconscious heap. “Oh, no you don't!” He bellowed, drawing in his magic as he sprinted forward to place himself between the grimlot and the fallen dwarven prince.
Somehow sensing his presence, the beast reared back and lashed out blindly. Damion easily avoided the blow, then focused his magic into a great incandescent ball of fire that erupted from his fingertips. It struck the still rearing beast full in the chest and exploded with incredible force, sending the huge creature hurtling backwards into the unforgiving stone wall, a huge gaping void where its chest once was. It collapsed hard to the stone floor and lay unmoving, the remains of its body still smoking.
An enormous cheer went up from the dwarves, and they immediately surged forward and began hacking away at what remained of the grimlot.
Damion and Sly rushed over to Garth, who was slowly regaining consciousness. The dwarven prince gazed around the cavern dazedly and spotted the dead grimlot, then struggled unsteadily to his feet. “What happened? Is it dead?”
Sly pat the dwarf on the shoulder. “You missed all of the fun. That grimlot was preparing to have you for lunch, but Damion used his magic to kill it before it had the chance.”
They helped Garth back to the throne room to report their success, leaving the remaining dwarves to the task of dismembering and disposing of the beast's carcass. After his wits had cleared a bit, the dwarven prince reported the battle back to his father in a nearly blow by blow account.
When his son was finished with his story, the dwarven king turned to Damion and Sly. “We are in your debt. Not only did you rid us of the grimlot, you also saved my son from a terrible fate. You and your friends will always be welcome in our caverns. If you ever have any need of our assistance, do not hesitate to call upon your dwarven friends.”
“Actually, I could use a new sword.” Damion said, feeling a pang of loss for his broken weapon. It had been a gift from his father, and he had treasured it like it was a precious jewel.
The king broke into a wide smile. “I will have a new sword brought to you immediately. I will also have a guide ready to lead you back to the surface once you have rested and recovered from your trials.”
Damion and Sly bowed respectfully, then wearily followed Garth back to the chamber where the others were anxiously awaiting their return.
Kariah flew into Damion's arms with a relieved cry, nearly knocking him from his feet. “Damion! I'm so happy that you are safe! I was terrified that something may have happened to you!”
Damion smiled. “Do not worry. Everything is fine. The grimlot has been destroyed. We will be leaving for the surface after we have rested.” He walked over and threw himself into a pile of large cushions in complete exhaustion, leaving Sly to fill in the details of their battle with the grimlot.
A few hours later, Garth appeared looking a bit bruised and battered, but otherwise healthy. “My friends!” He greeted them in a booming voice. “Are you planning to leave so soon? I was hoping we could stay and enjoy the celebration my father is planning!”
“You're still planning to join us?” Sly asked in surprise. “I thought you would have changed your mind after nearly being knocked out of your boots by that grimlot.”
“Aye. I'm still planning to join you, although my father is opposed to the idea. But it's my decision to make. I will join you on your quest, and search for my beloved Gretta.” He gestured to three servants who entered chamber bearing several wrapped bundles. “My father sends these gifts and hopes you will accept them with the thanks of the dwarven people.” He unwrapped one of the bundles and presented Damion with a superbly crafted suit of armor, and a fine sword that was encrusted with precious gems. “The armor was forged centuries ago for a half-giant, half-human who died before he ever had chance to wear it. The sword was forged by my father himself during his youth. They will both serve you well during your journeys.” He unwrapped the other bundles and presented Sly with a pair of jeweled daggers with diamond encrusted sheaths, and then informed him that several casks of the ale in which he was so fond was being taken to their horses as they spoke. For Kariah, he produced a beautiful emerald necklace with a pair of matching bracelets. He presented Dar with a thick chain crafted from the finest gold, and he even presented Snowfeather with a glittering gold collar encrusted with jewels, which he hesitantly draped over the huge owl’s neck.
Snowfeather fluffed out his chest feathers proudly. “This complements my feathers rather nicely, don't you think?”
Damion chuckled, then bowed to the dwarven prince. “We are overwhelmed with your generosity.”
Garth shook his head. “We can never repay you for your help. The cavern that the grimlot occupied contained a fresh water lake that is teaming with fish. There are also several miles worth of unexplored tunnels adjoining the cavern. My people will never be cramped for living space again!”
“We are happy to be able to help, my friend.” Damion said sincerely.
They followed the dwarf through the maze of tunnels until they emerged into the enormous chamber where they had left their horses. They were welcomed by a huge cheer from the dwarven people, who had gathered together in a large crowd to wait for the companions to appear.
“It seems my people have turned out to show their gratitude.” Garth laughed.
The companions gathered their horses together, then followed the dwarf through the cheering throng. Damion noticed the dwarf that had been ordered to care for his stallion was now covered with bumps and bruises, and one of his arms was in a sling. He had a relieved look on his bearded face as Damion led huge warhorse away, obviously happy to be rid of the aggressive beast.
Damion fixed Storm with a disapproving look. “What did you do to that poor dwarf?”
The fiery warhorse snorted and looked away innocently, giving the injured dwarf an indifferent flick of his tail.
Damion rolled his eyes, then patted the great beast on its broad neck and followed the others through cheering crowd.

**********

They emerged from the caverns several hours later to a setting sun. The huge canyon was well behind them, and the trade road leading towards Kainpre lay less than a mile away. 
Snowfeather was the first to emerge from the cavern, complaining loudly that he needed to stretch his wings. The others rushed to join him, happy to finally emerge back into the open air.
Garth, on the other hand, was clearly nervous about the venturing out of the caverns that he called home. He stared uncomfortably up into the empty evening sky, then quickly lowered his eyes to the ground, seemingly unable to bear the vast emptiness above. He took several deep breaths to brace himself for what lay ahead, then emerged into the open-air trembling from head to toe.
“Should we continue down the trade road, or set up camp for the evening?” Sly asked, scratching his unkempt beard.
Damion glanced at Garth, then back to Sly. “Let’s set up camp here and use the cavern for shelter. We can set off for Kainpre first thing in the morning.” He glanced at the trembling dwarf once more. “It will give our new friend a chance to get used to all of this open space.”
The little man glanced at the frightened dwarf, then nodded his understanding.
They made camp just inside the cavern's mouth and built a small fire to cook on. Garth seemed to calm down a bit once he reentered the safety of the cavern, although his face was pale, and his hands trembled uncontrollably.
Sly and Damion exchanged dubious glances as they observed the dwarf fighting to overcome his fear. 
“Are you sure you are going to be able to handle this?” Sly asked with some concern.
Garth nodded. “I’ll be fine. It's just going to take a little getting used to on my part.” He drew a deep calming breath, then glanced outside of the cavern opening. “It's the sky. It's just so... empty!”
“Don’t worry.” Damion reassured the nervous dwarf. “There’s nothing in the sky that can hurt you.”
“Except for the dragon.” Sly chimed in with an impish grin.
Damion shot the little man a dark look.
But Garth didn't seem to be listening as he stared out at the setting sun. He gazed at the shifting colors that blazed across the darkening sky with wonder. “My Gretta has told me of this.” He murmured softly, barely above a whisper. “I never knew it was so beautiful!” He swallowed hard. “She tried so many times to get me to join her in witnessing the sun as it set, but I always made excuses not to.” He shook his head regretfully. “Now, I may never see my beloved again.”
Damion moved to the dwarf's side and placed a reassuring hand on his broad shoulder. “Try not to worry, my friend. I'm sure she is fine. She will be back in your arms soon enough.”
The stocky dwarf didn't reply, but continued to stare out at the sky in silence. “It’s all so very strange up here on the surface.” He said, finally breaking his silence. “It is so open, so... empty. How am I ever going to find my Gretta?” He fell back into a brooding silence.
Snowfeather soon returned from stretching his wings with a large rabbit clasped tightly in his razor-sharp talons. He reported finding nothing unusual, then settled on a ledge to enjoy his meal.
The next morning, they broke camp and set off down the trade road. Garth rode with Dar atop his sturdy Deolan pony, clinging to the childlike sprite's waist in a desperate attempt to avoid falling. It was clear he was not comfortable atop a horse, but he seemed to be less bothered by all the open space while he fought to avoid losing his seat on the plodding beast.
It was nearly a week later when the enormous Walled City of Kainpre finally drew into view. Damion suddenly understood where the name ‘Walled City’ originated. He stared at the mountain-like fortress in the distance in disbelief. The great wall that surrounded in the entire city stood hundreds of feet tall. The only visible entrance was a huge gated archway, outside of which were hundreds of people who seemed to be milling around. Several soldiers stood guard just outside of the gate, turning away the crowd as they pleaded to be allowed to enter.
“Why are all of those people just standing around?” Kariah asked curiously.
Sly gazed at the loitering crowd with a grave expression. “They appear to be refugees, but from where, I'm not sure.”
“There are dozens of small villages nearby.” Dar informed them. “I have a feeling that Kaviel and the dragon have been in the area.”
Damion sighed sadly as he watched the refugees, then nudged Storm into a walk.
The refugees watched them with frightened eyes as they passed. Many were injured, and had constructed crude bandages for their wounds, while others lay in the mud near the side of the road dying, surrounded by weeping family.
Damion reined in his huge warhorse when they reached the gated archway and slid from its back, his eyes locked on the lead soldier. The armed man shrank from Damion's angry gaze as the huge warrior stalked towards him and began looking back to his comrades for support.
“Why are you not allowing these people to enter?” Damion demanded of the man angrily.
The soldier gulped audibly. “W-We cannot allow them to enter.” The soldier stammered nervously as Damion towered over him. “Thousands have already come here in search of refuge! We just don't have enough space for them all!”
Damion snarled, then snatched the man by the throat and lifted him several inches off the ground. “Let me make myself perfectly clear,” He growled, his eyes flashing a menacing red. “These people need food, shelter, and medicine for their wounds. Either allow them to enter the city or provide them with the supplies that they need. Otherwise,” He slowly tightened his grip, cutting off the man's air supply. “I'm going to hold you personally responsible.” He released his grip on the man's throat, dropping him unceremoniously to the hard cobblestones.
Several of the other soldiers rushed forward and helped the gasping man to his feet, but refrained from moving too close to the huge warrior who had just manhandled one of their own.
The gasping man massaged his bruised throat, then looked up at Damion fearfully. “I’ll see to it immediately, milord.”
“See that you do.” Damion snarled threateningly. “I will hold you personally responsible for every refugee here. If I were you, I would make sure they receive all of the help they need.”
The lead soldier nodded emphatically, then ordered the other soldiers to raise the gates and allow the refugees to pass.
One of the soldiers went to his rattled comrade’s side and asked. “Who does he think he is to be ordering us around?”
The lead soldier shook his head, still rubbing his sore throat. “I don't know, but I'm not going to argue with him, are you?”
The other soldier watched Damion as he remounted his prancing warhorse and led his companions through the huge gate, then shook his head. “I value my life too much to do that.”
The companions entered the city, then stopped in amazement. There were already thousands and thousands of people packing the streets, wandering around with hopeless expressions on their gaunt faces.
Sly let out a low whistle. “It seems that the soldier spoke the truth. The city is already packed with refugees.” He turned to Garth, who still clung to Dar's waist with a vice-like grip. “Where was your betrothed heading when she left the caverns?”
“She accompanied her father to meet with a merchant that deals with fine gems.” Garth grunted in reply. “The merchant’s shop is somewhere near the town square. His name is Sireck. He is the only merchant in the city that deals in rare gems, so he shouldn't be too difficult to find.”
They slowly pushed their way through the crowd and made their way towards the town square. They attempted to ask several passersby for directions without luck until they finally found a crotchety old man dressed in rags who pointed them on the right path. Damion thanked the old man, then pressed several coins into his hand. The old man stared at the coins with wide eyes, then bowed deeply to Damion, who watched the elderly man shuffle away with a sad expression.
They carefully guided their horses through the crowd and located the only merchant shop that dealt in rare gems. Garth quickly clambered down from Dar's horse and dashed inside without waiting for the others.
“Wait here and watch the horses.” Damion told the others. “I’ll go with him and see what we can find out.”
The interior of the shop was warm and inviting. The main room was filled with dozens of display cases that were filled with hundreds of beautiful gems that glittered in the dim light. A portly middle-aged man stood behind the main counter examining several large diamonds with a small magnifying glass. He looked up as they entered and broke into a large friendly smile.
“Welcome, my friends!” He exclaimed, gathering the diamonds he was examining and stowing them behind the counter. “How may I be of service?”
Garth stepped forward. “I am Garth Stonecrusher. I am searching for my betrothed, Gretta. She journeyed here recently with her father to meet with you.”
“Ah yes, Gretta.” The portly man nodded. “Aye, she was here several weeks ago. She and her father brought in several dozen gems for me. They were of the most excellent quality!”
“So, she has been here.” The dwarf said excitedly. “Do you know where they may have gone from here?”
The man scratched his head thoughtfully. “I believe they mentioned meeting with another merchant just outside of the city.” He frowned. “The merchant they were meeting was the unsavory sort who only comes into the city now and then. I do not remember what his name was, but he was wearing a long dark robe. Very unpleasant man, as I recall.”
Damion and Garth exchanged worried looks.
“Where were they supposed to meet?” The dwarf asked desperately.
“I believe they were meeting him just outside of the south gate, but that was weeks ago. I'm sure that they are long gone by now.”
They thanked the man for his assistance, then rejoined the others. They told them what they had discovered, then paused to decide their next move.
“We should find somewhere to stop for the evening.” Sly stated wisely. “Then we can start fresh in the morning.”
Garth shook his head. “Gretta may be in trouble. We have to keep looking for her.”
“She is probably long gone by now.” The little man disagreed. “It has been several weeks since she was last seen. We should stop to get some rest, then we can continue our search tomorrow.”
Everyone turned to stare at Damion, who was the unspoken leader of their group, and waited for him to make the final decision. 
He scratched his head thoughtfully. “How much farther is it to the Misty Lake?”
“About twenty leagues.” Dar supplied. “There is only one road leading towards the lake, and it is rarely traveled.”
“Why is that?” Garth asked with a puzzled look.
“The trolls prey upon those who travel that road, and weird things always seem to happen near the lake. Reports of strange creatures have floated around the area for centuries. Many people that venture too close seem to disappear without a trace. It's also shrouded in a perpetual cloud of mist that makes it very difficult to see more than a few dozen feet. No one really knows what lives in the mist. Most folk avoid it altogether.”
“We’re going to detour around the lake, right?” Kariah asked in a fearful voice.
Sly grunted, then shook his said. “The lake stretches a hundred and fifty leagues in either direction. It would take weeks for us to detour around.”
“But how will we cross the lake if there is no one to ferry us across?” It was clear the young elf maiden wished to avoid going anywhere near the lake.
“There is an ancient dock that lies somewhere along the shore that has an old pull raft.” Dar explained. “It should accommodate all of us the and horses quite comfortably.”
“So, do we stay or go?” Sly asked. “There’s still a couple hours or so of daylight left.”
“Let’s keep moving.” Damion decided after another moment’s thought. “We can put several more miles behind us before nightfall.” He looked at Sly. “Can we use the south gate to exit the city?”
The little man nodded. “It’s usually kept open, though it is rarely used. It is guarded by the city watch, so they should be able to tell us if anyone has passed through in the last few weeks.”
Damion climbed atop Storm's broad back. “Let’s get moving, then.”
They found the dilapidated and rusting South gate with little difficulty. A pair of bored-looking guards dressed in blue tunics and wielding long pikes lounged on either side of the gate. They watched with curious eyes as the companions approached and reined their horses.
Damion slid down from the huge warhorse with Snowfeather perched calmly on his shoulder. Their faces paled as the enormous armored-warrior approached with a menacing expression, accompanied by the fierce-looking bird with huge unblinking golden eyes. They backed away fearfully with their pikes held in trembling hands.
Damion stopped as they began to slowly back away with terrified expressions. “Calm yourselves, my friends. I mean you no harm.”
The men nearly jumped from their boots when he spoke. They stared at him suspiciously for several long moments, until the braver of the pair finally spoke. “W-What do you want?”
“Just to ask you a few questions," He answered in a friendly tone. "then we will be on our way.” 
The men seemed to relax a bit, though they still kept a tight grip on their pikes. “What do you want to know?”
Garth slid from Dar's horse with a loud thud, then trudged over to the men with an almost desperate look. “We are searching for a pair of dwarven merchants who may have been through here recently. We were told they had passed this way.”
“Aye. We saw them.” The man answered immediately, glancing at his companion. “They passed through about three weeks ago. I remember because hardly anyone ever passes through this way.” The other soldier nodded his agreement, still staring at Damion fearfully.
“Did they ever return?” The dwarf asked desperately.
The soldier shook his head. “Nay. We would have seen them if they returned. This gate is always lowered at night, so they couldn't have slipped in after dark.”
Garth turned towards Damion with a worried expression. “Something must have happened when they went to meet that merchant. We have to find her!”
They thanked the soldiers for their assistance, then remounted and started out of the gate.
“Wait!” One of the men shouted. “You don't want to go that way! It's too dangerous, and we will be lowering the gates in just a few moments!”
Damion shrugged unconcernedly. “Lower them, then.” He nudged Storm into a trot and led the companions out of the city and into the open country beyond.

Chapter 10

They continued toward the Misty Lake for several more days without incident. The trail leading to the lake was noticeably less traveled and had become overgrown in many areas. Finally, Dar informed them that they would reach the shore the following day, though none of them were really all that excited by the news. They set up camp in a well sheltered grove of trees and settled in, planning on an early start in the morning.
Snowfeather disappeared into the darkness to scout the area and hunt for his dinner but soon returned, his feathers fluffed in excitement. “Damion, there is a large colony of trolls less than a mile from here! They have a lair in a large cave in that distant rock formation that is well hidden. I chased a large rat into the cavern opening and discovered them by accident! There are nearly a hundred of them!”
Damion shrugged. “It’s doubtful they'll discover we are here. Just calm yourself, and I will warn the others to be on guard. There's really no reason to get so upset about it.”
“That’s not it!” The huge owl chattered in annoyance. “I decided to get a better look, and I saw the troll chieftain seated atop a throne of skulls.” He began to hop up and down with excitement. “It has the sword!”
“What sword?” 
“The Dragon Sword, you blockhead!” Snowfeather squawked loudly in exasperation. “The troll chieftain has the Dragon Sword!”
Damion sat up and stared at the huge owl in disbelief. “Are you sure it’s the Dragon Sword?” He asked aloud in surprise.
The ghostly white bird fluffed its feathers indignantly. “Of course, I am! I know what I saw! The sword the troll chieftain carries at his side matches the descriptions of the Dragon Sword! I am sure it's the real thing!”
Damion turned to Sly. “You’re never going to believe this!”
The little man gave him a questioning look.
“Snowfeather says he has discovered a colony of trolls less than a mile from here. It seems that the chieftain of the clan carries a sword that fits the description of the Dragon Sword!”
“You’ve found the Dragon Sword?” Dar exclaimed in excitement.
“Are you sure it’s the sword?” Sly asked skeptically.
Damion nodded. “Snowfeather swears that it fits every description. I’m pretty sure that he knows what he’s talking about.”
“If it really is the Dragon Sword, then we have to figure out a way to get our hands on it.” Sly told him in a serious tone.
“But how?” Dar asked anxiously. “Trolls are very nasty customers, especially when it comes to defending their lairs, and an entire colony of trolls is a disaster waiting to happen! It’s no wonder nobody travels through here anymore!”
“How would these trolls have come to possess this fabled sword?” Garth asked. “How did they acquire such a powerful artifact?”
“The dwarf who created the sword made a deal with a troll who was supposed to kill the sorcerer and return the sword to its creator.” Damion explained. “Instead, the troll killed the sorcerer, then took the sword and disappeared with it somewhere near the Misty Lake.” 
“How did you learn of this?”
Damion shrugged. “The old dwarf who made the sword told me.”
“He’s still alive?” Garth blurted in surprise.
Damion nodded sadly. “But he was completely mad. I think the loss of his creation drove him insane.”
Garth snorted. “My grandfather was the one who expelled him from our caverns for using magic in his work. He would tell me stories of the Mad Dwarf. He was insane long before he forged the Dragon Sword.”
“Is there any chance of taking the sword from the trolls by force?” Sly asked.
Dar shook his head. “We wouldn't stand a chance against an entire colony of trolls. We need to try to sneak into their camp and steal it out from under their noses.”
They all turned to stare at Dar, who shook his head. “There’s no way I can sneak into a troll's lair. I'm good, but not that good.”
Damion sighed in resignation. “I guess there's no other choice. I'll have to go and retrieve it alone.”
“You can't go alone!” Kariah cried in dismay. “You won't stand a chance!” She latched herself firmly to his arm and refused to let go.
Sly nodded his agreement. “You can't handle this alone. We'll find some other way to get the sword.”
But his mind was already set. “I’ll be fine. Besides, you said it yourself, we need that sword, if only to keep it out of Kaviel's hands. He mustn't be allowed to find it, or the whole world will be his to conquer.”
“Please, don't do this!” Kariah pleaded tearfully. “You’re going to get yourself killed!”
Damion calmly looked into her large brown eyes. “Haven’t you learned by now that a few trolls cannot stop me? I will go get the sword and be back before you even know I am gone.”
“What do you want us to do?” Sly asked, his expression still one of disapproval.
“Start breaking camp and be ready to move when I return.” Damion replied gravely. “We may have to leave in a hurry, and I would rather not have to take the time to pack. I have a feeling the trolls will not be happy when they discover that the sword is missing.” He turned and softly kissed Kariah on her forehead, then gently slipped from her grip.
“What exactly are you planning?” Dar inquired. “What should we expect?”
Damion grinned mischievously, and then shrugged. “I’m not sure. I think I'll just play it by ear.” He shifted into the form of a panther, then slipped silently into night. 
“I hate it when he does that.” Sly grumbled sourly, rising to his feet to break camp.

***********

Damion moved silently through the shadows while Snowfeather glided noiselessly overhead, silently guiding him to the hidden lair of the trolls. He followed the ghostly bird for less than a mile, then the huge owl dropped from the sky and landed a few hundred yards away from a large rock formation.
“The lair is on the far side of this formation.” Snowfeather informed him.
Damion purred his understanding. “Go ahead and return to the others. I can handle it from here.”
It took him several minutes of arguing to finally convince his familiar to follow his orders, then, finally, Snowfeather reluctantly agreed and disappeared into the night. 
Damion sat for another moment in thought, then drew in his magic and shifted into the form of a tiny field mouse. He scampered through the shadows and carefully made his way around the rock formation until the mouth of the hidden lair came into view. Several trolls sat around a fire in a small clearing just outside of the well-concealed cavern, finishing off the remains of what appeared to be a long-dead horse. 
Damion had never seen a troll before, although he had seen several sketches of the brutish creatures in the books in Damarius's library. He immediately decided he liked them better on parchment.
They each stood well over eight feet in height, with thick leathery hides that were covered in hideous-looking scars. Their faces resembled that of a pig's, with long gray snouts, and two great fangs that jutted up from their lower jaws. Their thin bodies were covered in diseased-looking patches of wiry black hair, and they had long razor-sharp claws at the tip of their long bony fingers. They each had a crudelyimade bow or a rusting sword that had undoubtedly been scavenged from some unlucky traveler that had been caught unaware. A few of the trolls even wore makeshift armor that had been crudely hammered out with a stone to fit their wiry frames.
After watching the trolls for several minutes without seeing any sign of the troll chieftain or the Dragon Sword, Damion decided to venture closer. He carefully slipped from shadow to shadow, unseen by the feasting trolls, and slipped inside of the cavern’s entrance. He followed it deep underground until he reached a large natural chamber deep beneath the surface of the rock formation. 
There were dozens more of the foul-smelling creatures gathered together in small groups about the chamber. The cavern was lit with several crude torches made from old discarded bones that had been wrapped with scraps of cloth and set aflame. The floor of the lair was littered with old bones, many of which, Damion recognized with revulsion, once belonged to humans.
A large throne made entirely of skulls had been erected against the far wall of the cavern chamber. Many of the skulls were human, while others had come from various animals. All had been decorated elaborately with gold, and many had large jewels set into the eye sockets. The chieftain of the trolls sat in the center of the gruesome throne surveying its clan with an appraising eye. It was grossly-fat when compared to the other trolls, with great rolls of blubber that hung over the sides of the throne. It was dressed in dingy robes that had been dyed in a dozen different colors, and it had several thick gold chains wrapped around its fat neck. Strapped to the troll’s tree trunk-like hip was an exquisitely crafted, elaborately decorated sword.
Damion knew instantly that it was the Dragon Sword by its hilt, which was intricately crafted in the image of a dragon in flight. His body trembled with excitement as he gazed at the fabled weapon. He could clearly see an empty setting in the pommel of the sword, obviously meant for a gem of incredible size.
He started to scamper closer, his eyes locked on the marvelous blade, but suddenly felt himself being lifted into the air by his tail. He twisted around and found a young troll cub, much smaller than the others, grasping his tail between two claw-tipped fingers. 
It squealed happily, then opened its mouth, revealing dozens of sharp jagged teeth, and prepared to toss him down its throat. Damion thrashed about in a panic, trying to slip from its grasp, but couldn’t break loose of the troll cub’s grip.
A sudden grunting snort from the grossly fat troll chieftain froze the small cub in its tracks. It growled and snarled angrily at the cub, which flinched back and whimpered pitifully. The troll chieftain grunted once more, and the troll cub quickly scampered over and dropped Damion into the morbidly fat troll's lap. The cub then turned and disappeared into the shadows to pout about its lost meal.
The troll chieftain snatched a hold of Damion's tail as he tried to dart away, and lifted him to its mouth, drooling in hunger, then its eyes bulged in fear and disbelief as the mouse he held suddenly disappeared, only to be replaced by a large ferocious-looking panther.
In an instant, Damion had the troll chieftain by its fat neck, and with a surge of his powerful muscles, he ripped out the creature's throat. Hot green blood sprayed into his face and filled his mouth, causing him to gag uncontrollably. The troll chieftain thrashed feebly for a few seconds, then died with a trailing gurgle.
The other trolls just stared at the massive panther, dumbfounded by the huge cat's inexplicable appearance. Then they noticed their chieftain, who lay motionless atop its gruesome throne of skulls, covered in green blood. Realization suddenly dawned in their eyes, and one of the horrid creatures howled in fury.
Damion instantly shifted back into his own form and snatched the Dragon Sword from the dead troll chieftain's corpse, then turned back, prepared to fight his way out of the lair. He suddenly froze, finding his way blocked by nearly every troll in the clan. “Uh oh!”
The creatures all charged at once, roaring and screaming in fury, intent on ripping him to pieces for violating their lair and slaughtering their leader.
Reacting instinctively, Damion drew in his magic and sent a ball of pure energy streaking across the room, striking the closest of the charging creatures full in the chest. The energy exploded in a tremendous blast which completely engulfed the entire cavern. The blast tossed Damion backwards, slamming him into the dead troll chieftain's throne, his bones rattled by the sheer force of the explosion.
He sat up in a slight daze and looked around, preparing to defend himself once more, but found it unnecessary. There wasn't much left of the trolls except for a few smoldering chunks of flesh that littered the cavern floor. The force of the explosion had blown the entire face of the rock formation into a fine dust and opened the cavern to the night's sky.
Damion stumbled unsteadily to his feet and brushed himself off. After taking a moment to catch his breath, he strapped the Dragon Sword to his waist, and carefully made his way from the open crater that was once the cavern. Once he reached level ground, he turned and looked back at the complete devastation that had once been the trolls’ lair. There was nothing recognizable left within a hundred-yard area, and fully half of the rock formation had been reduced to dust.
He shook his head, pondering what had just transpired. It had been many years since he had lost control of his magic. He had always kept his powers under tightly control. Something had lent its own power to his without his knowledge, with devastating results.
He drew the Dragon Sword from its jeweled sheath and looked it over carefully. He could clearly feel a powerful aura of magic in the sword, and he suddenly understood what must have happened. 
He glanced back once more at the smoking crater, then slowly set off to rejoin the others. He found them packed and anxiously awaiting his arrival. Storm snorted and pawed at the ground as the stallion sensed his master approaching, and everyone jumped as he stepped from the shadows and into the fire light, still covered in dust that had once been solid stone.
“Damion!” Kariah exclaimed, rushing to his side and throwing her arms around his waist in a fierce embrace. “I’m so relieved that you’re safe! I was terrified that something had happened to you!”
“What in the hell happened back there?” Sly asked, clearly shaken. “There was an earsplitting explosion that lit the entire sky, and the ground began to shake like there was an earthquake, then we began to get pelted by fist-sized stones that fell from sky!”
Damion waved off the question. “Let’s set up camp again, then I will explain everything.”
“What about the trolls?” Dar asked in confusion.
Damion snorted humorlessly. “They won't be a problem anymore.” He helped them unload the horses and relight the fire, then settled down against a large stone and unhooked the Dragon Sword from his belt. He gently placed on the ground before him, then looked to the others.
“The Dragon Sword!” Dar said breathlessly.
Damion nodded grimly. He quickly explained how he slipped inside of the cavern and found troll chieftain who carried the sword. “After I had killed the disgusting creature and grabbed the sword, I turned around and found that I was completely surrounded. I tried to use my magic to fight my way out, but… uh… something happened.”
“It must have been a pretty big something!” Garth grunted, stroking the tangles from his beard.
Damion scratched his head, sending up a puff of dust. “As far as I can tell, the sword somehow amplified my magic and.....” He shrugged. “I was lucky I survived.”
Kariah gasped, her face ghostly pale in the darkness.
“What happened to the trolls?” Sly asked curiously.
“There wasn't enough left of them to fill a small bucket.”
The scruffy little man gave a low whistle and stared at the Dragon Sword in awe. “It sounds as if it has power of its own.”
“The sword was crafted to unlock and amplify the power of the Dragon Gem.” Dar theorized. “Perhaps it can also amplify other magic, as well.”
Damion nodded his agreement. “It makes sense. I'm usually able to keep my magic under strict control, but I was completely unprepared for what happened in the trolls’ lair.” He smiled maliciously. “This sword is exactly what we need to give us an advantage against Kaviel!”
“But we must also make sure he can't get his hands on it.” Sly cautioned. “If he were to somehow obtain this sword, there would be nothing that can stop him.”
“Then we’ll just have to make sure that he doesn't get his hands on it, now won’t we?” Damion stated firmly.
“What do we do now?” Kariah asked.
“Now we need to find the dragon’s lair.”
“That’s where I come in.” Dar stated. “Once we reach the Endless Forest, I’ll be able to lead us right to it.”
Sly yawned, then leaned back on his bedroll. “Then I suggest we all try to get some rest. It’s still a long way until we reach the forest, and we need to get an early start.”

Chapter 11

They reached the banks of the Misty Lake late the following evening after trudging all day through the drizzling rain. The rain made the rocky terrain slippery and very dangerous on horseback, forcing them to lead the horses to avoid injury. They finally emerged just after dark onto a rocky beach that was shrouded in an eerie fog that made it very difficult to see the lake before them. It was only by the sound of the booming waves that they knew they had finally reached its banks. 
The air smelled stagnant, and there wasn’t even a hint of a breeze. The unseen waves that crashed against the shore were nearly deafening, and they were forced to yell to make themselves heard to one another.
Snowfeather disappeared into the mist and located the covered dock that housed the ancient raft a couple of miles down the beach. They eagerly set off to seek out its refuge, almost desperate escape the swirling fog. 
After nearly an hour, it finally loomed into view through the mist. A set of large doors opened into a surprisingly pleasant-looking dock house that stretched nearly a hundred feet out into the churning lake. They carefully led the horses to the far end of the dock and discovered a large fire pit whose contents had long gone extinguished.
Dar located a large bin of old driftwood against a nearby wall, and quickly had a large fire blazing. “I think we can all use a good hot dinner, don't you agree?” He began unloading equipment from their packs.
Sly was examining a number of stout-looking poles he had discovered in a corner. “Does anyone feel like fresh fish?”
“Fish?” Garth asked curiously. “Where are we going to get any fish?”
“We are on a lake, you know.” The little man snorted in amusement. “We can heat up some nails in the fire and make hooks and use some twine for fishing line. We will have dinner in no time!"
They quickly crafted several crude fishing poles, then Damion, Sly, and Garth made their way down a ramp that to led to the enormous covered raft. A thick, sturdy rope was anchored securely to the dock and threaded through the covered cabin of the raft and stretched the length of the craft, where it disappeared through another opening in the cabin wall.
Garth stared at the rope in confusion. “What is this used for?” He moved to the front of the craft and stared out of the hole. The rope disappeared into darkness, seeming to be almost swallowed up by the mist.
“The rope is tethered on the other side of the lake.” Sly explained, fixing a piece of dried meat to the crude hook on his pole. “All we have to do his pull on the rope and move the craft across the lake. It's going to be rather strenuous work with the horses and all, but we should be fine.” He opened one of the sliding panels on the wall of the covered craft and cast out his line into the churning water of the lake.
In less than an hour they had nearly two dozen respectable-sized fish lying about the deck, so they gathered their catch and returned to the top deck. They were soon enjoying a hot meal of fresh fish and washing it down with the delicious ale that had been a gift of Garth's father. Even Snowfeather enjoyed a nice meal of fish, gorging himself until he could eat no more. 
After they finished their feast, they unanimously agreed to rest for the night, and set off across the lake the next day. They settled down around the remains of their dying fire, and one by one drifted off to sleep.
They were awakened a couple hours before dawn by a strange wailing howl that echoed eerily through the swirling fog.
“What was that?” Garth exclaimed, sitting upright in his bedroll and grabbing his battle-axe.
Sly rolled from his bedroll, then shook his head and stared out of the window intently, his keen eyes searching for any movement in the swirling mist outside.
Another inhuman howl echoed through the night, much louder this time.
“Whatever it is, it’s getting closer.” Damion murmured, gazing into the fog surrounding the dock. He spotted a large dark object slowly drifting through the mist near the shoreline. “There!” He pointed to the shadow as it drifted slowly towards the dock. “It’s moving this way!” He tore the Dragon Sword from its sheath, then ran back towards the front of the dock, followed closely by the others.
They emerged from the covered dock and into the dense swirling fog just as another inhuman wail pierced the night, causing them all to jump nervously. It was very close this time.
“What is it?” Garth's face was completely devoid of color, and he gripped his battle-axe tightly in his hands.
Sly shook his head. “I never heard anything like that before.” The little man stated uneasily. He fingered his sword nervously as he peered into the fog for the source of the howls.
The strange wail echoed once more through the night, then an enormous dark shape materialized from the swirling mist, lurching clumsily towards the companions. The dark form howled another frightening wail that sent shivers rippling down their spines.
The beast that emerged from the fog was like something from a horrible nightmare. It had nearly a dozen malformed heads that were perched precariously on top of long snake-like necks. Dozens of writhing misshapen limbs protruded from its scorpion-like segmented body, and it had a long whipping tail that lashed back and forth angrily.
Kariah screamed in terror, then ran back into the covered dock, and out of harm's way.
Dar groaned loudly. “It’s a creeper!” He yelled to the others frantically. “Be careful! If it gets a hold of you, it'll tear you limb from limb faster than you could blink your eyes!”
Damion swore vehemently. “How do we stop it?” He waved the Dragon Sword in an arc in an attempt to keep the creature at bay.
“Use your magic!” The childlike sprite answered in a squeaking voice. “It’s our only chance! It will just keep attacking until we, or it, is dead!”
The creeper suddenly lurched forward with surprising speed, its many heads lashing out at Damion, forcing him to fall back several paces. He ducked to avoid the creature’s thrashing tail, then drew his will and formed a flaming fireball from the insubstantial air. He hurled the fireball at the creature with all his might, striking it hard in its armor-plated chest.
The creature’s numerous heads shrieked in pain as the fireball exploded, throwing it backwards several feet where it crashed down onto the rocky beach. The smell of charred flesh permeated the air as the flames engulfed the beast's body, causing nearly everyone to gag on the horrible stench, but the creature ignored the searing flames and righted itself clumsily, then lurched towards Damion once again, its heads all howling insanely.
Dar suddenly darted forward and tossed a handful of a strange glittering dust full into several of the creature's faces. The dust instantly flashed into white hot flames that engulfed the creature's entire body. It shrieked horribly, then scrambled blindly towards the shoreline, and threw itself into the churning water to douse the flames.
“What was that stuff?” Sly asked the childlike sprite, watching as the creature thrashed about in the water.
Dar smiled slyly. “It’s just a little something that I carry for just such an occasion.” He patted one of the many small pouches that hung from his belt.
The creeper rose shakily from the water, and slowly began to advance on the companions once more, unwilling to give up its attack. Several of its limbs had been lost in its desperate attempt to extinguish the flames, and four of its heads had been snapped off, or simply hung limply on their long, broken necks.
Damion formed another fireball into existence and hurled it at the creature. It exploded against the beast's lower torso, once again engulfing it in flames. The creature shrieked in agony as it thrashed futilely against the flames, but he continued to focus his magic on the writhing beast, willing the flames to burn even hotter. The creature wailed once more as its distorted limbs suddenly gave way and it collapsed into a flaming heap. It continued to thrash and writhe in pain for several more minutes until it finally succumbed to the blazing inferno.
Damion finally relaxed his will and allowed the flames to die out, leaving the creature to smolder on the beach. The powerful stench of the charred beast was nearly overpowering now, so he quickly led the others back into the covered dock house.
“Well, now we know why no one lives in these parts.” Sly grunted, relaxing against cabin wall with a tankard of ale.
“Where did that thing come from?” Kariah asked in disgust, her arms locked firmly around Damion's waist. The young elf maiden seemed to be drawn more and more to the huge warrior, and rarely strayed far from his side now.
“No one really knows.” Dar answered as he checked the horses, which were tethered to the wall of the boathouse. “Most folk have never even heard of a creeper. They are just another dark creature that have infected this world with their presence.”
The young girl shivered, then nuzzled closer to Damion, who smiled gently, and wrapped his arms around her protectively.
Snowfeather, who had watched the fight from the safety of the boathouse, glided over to his master's side. “Well fought! It seems you are getting better at this adventuring business!”
“I guess.”
"And now that you have the Dragon Sword, you can finally track down this human and take your revenge." The huge owl chirped. "I just hope that you do not let your thirst for vengeance consume you. Remember, you don't want to become what you are fighting against." 
Damion settled down to rest next to the fire pit, his arm still draped protectively around Kariah, but instead of sleeping, he spent the rest of the night considering his familiar's wise words.

**********

They set off the next morning after carefully leading the horses down the slippery ramps that led to the covered raft. Once they had tethered their mounts firmly to the back wall of the craft, they cut the lines that secured the raft to the dock and took positions on the rope that was threaded through the craft. They began what they expected to be the strenuous task of pulling the awkward craft through the pounding surf, but were pleasantly surprised by how easily the craft moved across the choppy waves. Damion soon insisted that the others relax while he took over the job of pulling the craft across the vast lake.
“I don't feel so good.” Garth exclaimed an hour or so after they departed, his face a strange shade of green. He rushed over to one of the sliding panels and wrenched it open, then began to retch loudly.
“It must be something that you ate.” Sly told him with a grin.
“Leave Garth alone.” Dar chuckled. “It’s not his fault he’s seasick.”
“How are you holding up?” The scruffy little man asked Damion curiously.
“I’m okay.” Damion replied with a shrug. “I’ll let you know if I need any help.”
“Well, don’t strain yourself by overdoing it.” Sly murmured, setting back against the wall of the craft comfortably. “Pace yourself so you don’t run out of energy.”
“You’re just lazy.” Kariah accused the scruffy little man with a disapproving frown. “You don’t want him to wear himself out, so you can just lounge there swilling your ale.”
“Yep.” Sly agreed with a grin, reaching for his tankard.
Damion didn’t mind the scruffy little man’s admitted laziness. He welcomed the distraction of work. His mind was a torment of angry thoughts. The frustration of chasing Kaviel across the continent was building, and he felt helpless to stop all the destruction that his father's killer was wreaking. His mind was also in a whirlwind of confusion and strange feelings for the young elf maiden, Kariah. The young girl's fondness for him had grown strong during their time together, and they now seemed to share an unspoken bond with one another. She seemed to look passed his amazing, almost frightening powers, as well as his deformity, and saw the true person within.
He glanced over and saw young elf maiden staring at him unabashedly. She flashed him a bright beautiful smile, and he could not help but smile back. She continued to watch him as he labored, a playful smile still hovering about her lips.
Damion continued his task throughout the night, unwilling to risk casting anchor and being tossed about in the rough waters. He wasn't sure if the craft was up to that type of punishment and wasn't willing to chance everyone's lives to find out. One by one the others fell asleep, leaving him to his torment of raging thoughts, interrupted only occasionally by Garth's pitiful moans. 
Once or twice he thought he caught sight of several large serpent-like creatures gliding effortlessly through water next to the raft, but after a while they disappeared into the darkness, and he decided not to bother the others. Whatever the creatures were, as long as they didn't bother their craft, he felt they were not a problem.
It was almost midday the following day when the opposite shoreline came into view through the heavy fog. They docked against another covered dock, then carefully led horses up the slippery ramps to the shelter. They discovered a room identical to the one in the boathouse on the opposite side of the lake, and immediately set about building a fire, then they sat back and relaxed, relieved to finally be back on dry land.
“I will never step foot on another watercraft for the rest of my life!” Garth swore, his face still an ugly shade of green.
Damion wearily leaned against a wall, his shoulders and arms stiff from the strenuous labor. He groaned as he slowly lowered himself to the floor and drew an unsympathetic look from Sly. 
“You shouldn't have done all of the work by yourself.” The little man chided heartlessly. “You think it’s bad now, just wait until tomorrow!”
Damion ignored him and closed his eyes. He wouldn’t admit it to the others, but he had found the experience of being aboard the covered raft almost as unpleasant as Garth. The only thing that kept him from vomiting all over the deck was focusing on the rope and speeding their progress towards solid ground. He was quite ashamed of himself for this weakness and had forced himself to ignore the uneasy feeling he felt as the waves had tossed them about.
They set off into the misty fog the following morning, riding carefully down the rocky shoreline in search of a serviceable trail leading to the south. The terrain gradually altered as they moved down the beach, changing from rocky gravel to a fine white sand. The steep cliff sides that surrounded the beach fell away to open terrain that was marred only by a few large rock formations.
“If it wasn't for this depressing fog and horrible smell, this place would almost be a suitable place to settle.” Kariah commented, glancing around at the serene landscape. She tried to envision the glistening white sand on a bright sunny day.
“I think the strange and deadly creatures that infest the area might take a bit of getting used to, as well.” Garth snorted in amusement.
“The fog has enveloped this lake for thousands of years.” Dar said as he stared out at the mist, his tiny face grim. “Some say it is the result of some unthinkable evil that cursed the entire lake and made a beacon for dark creatures. That’s why no one has tried to settle the area.”
They soon located a suitable trail and struck off to the south, eager to put the depressing lake behind them. It started to rain heavily after a mile or so, and the wind returned, bringing with it the blessed smell of fresh air. Snowfeather circled lazily overhead as a look out, though he complained constantly of the drizzling rain soaking his soft feathers. They continued moving at a steady trot for most of the day, finally leaving the rain behind for a clear, almost cloudless evening sky. They set up camp that night behind a large rock formation and took special precautions to conceal their fire to avoid any unexpected visitors.
“Are we sure that going to the dragon’s lair is really a good idea?” Garth asked that night as they finished their meal of freshly-snared rabbit.
Damion nodded. “It’s our best chance of catching it by surprise. Once it’s been destroyed, I can finally get my hands on Kaviel.”
Dar gave him a disapproving look, but said nothing.
“Do you really think we stand a chance against a dragon?” The little dwarf asked doubtfully. “I’ve heard the stories of their massive size and fiery breath. They were said to be nearly invincible!”
“The Dragon Sword should help to defeat the dragon, but we’ll still have to be very careful. Kaviel has the Dragon Gem, and no one knows what it’s capable of.”
“And we still haven’t found any trace of my Gretta.” Garth sighed sadly. “I’m beginning to fear I shall never see her again.”
“Don’t give up hope, yet.” Damion reassured him. “We may still find her.”
The dwarf frowned, then moved away from the fire, and settled down in the shadows.
Everyone settled in for the night, leaving Snowfeather to watch over them while they slept. Damion lay awake for several hours staring at the glittering stars. His gaze kept returning to the constellation of the Dragon God, Draco. It was the oddest feeling, but for some reason, Damion couldn’t help but feel as though the Dragon God stared down at him from the heavens with a dreadful anticipation. He finally fell into a fitful sleep as exhaustion overcame him.

**********

It was midday four days later when the ground began to grow slippery and muddy, slowing their progress considerably. Damion, who had ridden ahead to scout the way with Snowfeather gliding above, reined his enormous warhorse to a stop to allow the others to catch up. “The ground is beginning to grow rather marshy.” He commented as they approached.
“Yuck!” Kariah exclaimed, covering her nose with a horrified expression. “What is that smell? It's horrible!”
“We’re getting close to the Dead Swamp.” Dar explained, his face etched in worry. “The stench you smell is that of centuries of death and decay.” He turned to Damion. “We need to make it through the swamp as quickly as possible. They come out after the sun has set.”
“They?” Kariah asked timidly. “Who are 'they'?”
“The dead.” The childlike sprite answered grimly. “They rise to haunt the swamp at night. Every creature that has ever died inside of the swamp is cursed to be one of the undead, never to find their peace in death, or so it is said. It is a horrible place. Few ever try to pass through its boundaries, and even fewer actually succeed.”
“Have you ever ventured through it?”
Dar shook his head. “I always detour around, but that takes weeks. We haven’t that kind of time.”
Sly cursed, then stared up at the sky. “There are only a couple of hours of daylight left. Let's try to find somewhere dry to make camp, and we can set off at dawn. I'd prefer to spend as few nights as possible in that unholy place.”
They found a dry clearing and quickly set up camp. There were virtually no living trees or shrubs of any significance to break the wind, which grew steadily colder as the sun set, and no fuel to feed the fire in the damp marshy area, forcing Damion to use his magic to set a pile of stones aflame.
Garth stared at the flaming stones in awe. “I don't think I will ever get used to magic.” He stared at Damion with wide eyes. “Is there anything that you cannot do?”
“Not that I have found, no.” The huge warrior replied with a shrug.
They huddled near the fire in an effort to fend off the cool breeze and munched on some tasty moss that Garth had brought from the caverns. The moss had a fruity flavor and was very filling.
“It is called Kipa.” The stocky dwarf explained quietly as he passed it among the companions. “It contains properties that relax the body without fogging the mind or reflexes. It is considered a delicacy among my people.”
The gentle flutter of feathers drew their attention to Snowfeather, who appeared from the night sky with a large rabbit clinched in his talons. He landed just out of fire light, panting heavily. 
“Is something wrong?” Damion asked with some concern. “Did you discover something?”
“Just the opposite.” The huge owl replied irritably. “There isn't another living creature within twenty miles of this place!” He ruffled his feathers in disgust. “It took me hours to find this rabbit!” He ripped into the carcass voraciously.
Later that night, after the others had drifted off to sleep, Dar quietly made his way over to Damion's side. “May we speak?” He asked a bit hesitantly.
Damion stared at the childlike Alena for moment, then nodded. “Of course.”
The freckle-faced boy took a seat, then took several moments to gather his thoughts. “I wish to speak with you about the Dragon Sword.”
“What about it?”
“That sword is the key to freeing the dragons from that cursed gem.” Dar’s tiny face was serious. “With that blade, my friends can finally be released from their prison.”
Damion's face grew stony. “From what I have witnessed, I'm not sure if they should be released. Look at the destruction just one of those beasts has caused. You wish me to release an entire race of them into the world?” He shook his head firmly. “I don't think I can do that.”
“But you don’t understand!” Dar pleaded in frustration. “Tempest is being controlled! She would never willingly harm anyone!” He grabbed Damion's arm in a fierce grip. “You have found the sword! You are the one destined to join it with the gem and release the dragons! It is your destiny!”
Damion snorted at the word 'destiny'. “I will not release a plague of fire-breathing death upon the world. I will not be responsible for the destruction of mankind.”
“The dragons are a wise and ancient race!” The tiny Alena said in an outraged voice. “They are magnificent creatures that were wrongly imprisoned, by a human!” He emphasized hotly.
Garth, who was awakened by their conversation, rose from his bedroll and stumped over to their side. “My people remember the dragons. I have heard the stories many times over the years. Most were about how they were invincible fire-breathing creatures that ruled the skies.” He grumbled in a low voice. “But it was always said that they were honorable creatures, greatly respected by the dwarven people.”
Damion shook his head stubbornly. “I can’t take the chance. The Dragon Gem may have changed them. For all we know, they could all now be mindless creatures that are bent on destruction. Look at what’s happened so far! That dragon has killed thousands!”
Dar fixed Damion with a stern glare. “I have known the dragons for over two thousand years. I’ve spent the last four hundred years trying to find a way of freeing from that cursed stone.” His voice held a towering anger. “Tempest is not in control of her own actions. She is a gentle creature that was wrongly imprisoned, and I won't rest until she and her kin are released!” He took a deep steadying breath, then continued in a controlled tone. “The dragons were imprisoned for their magical essence. They have done nothing to deserve this cruelty. If you don't release them, you will be just as guilty as Kaviel or the sorcerer that imprisoned them.”
Kariah sat up in her bedroll and fixed them all with a dangerous look. “Why don't you three just shut up about it?” She snapped in exasperation. “We haven't stopped Kaviel or recovered the Dragon Gem yet, and you are already arguing about what we are going to do with it! Grow up and quit being so childish!” She said scathingly. “Let’s worry about it when the time comes! Now lay down, shut up, and get some sleep!”
“Hear, hear!” Sly agreed without looking up from his pillow.
They all stared at the young elf maiden in shock as she calmly curled back up in her bedroll, then gave one another dubious looks. 
Finally, Dar murmured. “She’s right. Let's concentrate on one thing at a time. Let's get some rest. It's going to be a long day tomorrow.”
Damion nodded, then laid back in his bedroll, his thoughts conflicted. Dar’s passionate plea on the dragon’s behalf forced him to wonder if the beast Kaviel controlled truly was a monster, or if it actually was the wise and gentle creature that Dar and Garth described. He finally forced the question from his mind, then rolled over and fell asleep.

**********

“This place reeks!” Garth complained, holding a cloth over his bulbous nose. “The stench is enough to make a troll gag!” The dwarf sloshed along through the stagnant water and thick muck atop Kariah's pony. The young elf maiden rode atop Storm with Damion after insisting on not leaving his side.
They pushed their way through the foul-smelling sludge of the swamp, moving slowly through the rolling fog with their eyes alert for any signs of movement. Nothing grew in the mucus-like mud, though hundreds of huge rotting trees spoke loudly that it was once a thriving wetland. The going was slow as they attempted to take the path of least resistance. The horses often became mired in the mud, which forced them to find another path after freeing their stuck mounts.
“This place is truly cursed.” Dar said, his tiny face sad. “Nothing lives or grows in this place. Only the dead haunt this land.”
“Why?” The dwarf asked in a muffled voice, refusing to pull the cloth from his nose. “What could curse an entire region?"
Dar shrugged his tiny shoulders. “No one knows. But the walking dead have ruled this region for centuries. Very few people attempt to enter this cursed area. My people give this region a wide berth. The few people that travel this way detour to the coast and avoid this area entirely. No one knows why the dead rise, and no one cares to risk their lives to find out.” His eyes grew reflective. “These were once thriving wetlands, many centuries ago, but something evil happened here, and the dead began to rise and haunt the nighttime. Soon the entire swamp began to die, and the creatures that had once called it home fled its evil.”
“You mean you really are serious about the dead returning to the living?” The dwarf choked, his face growing pale. “I had just thought you were exaggerating! Oh, this just keeps getting better and better!”
“It is not a joke.” The childlike sprite informed him grimly. “Fortunately, the cursed only rise at night. The only problem is that it takes over a week to make it through the swamp. It was really our only option, though.” His face mirrored his worry. “It's safe to say we will eventually encounter them at some point. We’ll need to be prepared for them.”
“How are we supposed to kill something that is already dead?” Sly demanded, looking around nervously.
The childlike Alena shook his head. “They can't be killed. You can only destroy their bodies to the point that they cannot continue. They are very dangerous. If you suffer a bite from one of the cursed, you're doomed to spend eternity as one of them.”
Kariah shivered, then nestled closer to Damion.
“You’re so reassuring.” Sly muttered sarcastically. “I’m beginning to think that this may have been a bad idea.”
Dar's little face was grimly serious. “Passing through this swamp may be more dangerous than facing the dragon.” 
They pushed on relentlessly, moving as quickly as they could and pausing only occasionally to allow the horses to rest. The mud slowed their progress to a crawl, and they all began to feel a sense of urgency as dusk approached. Even the horses seemed reluctant to slow their pace, pushing on as though eager to be clear the area as quickly as possible.
Snowfeather circled overhead until well after midnight, trying his best to see through the dense fog, although even his keen eyes couldn't pierce the swirling haze. He finally dropped from the sky and settled on Damion shoulder. “I don't think I can keep this up much longer.” He squawked loudly in Damion's ear. “If I have to circle overhead any longer, I'm going to be sick with dizziness. I'm not a vulture, you know.”
Sly's horse suddenly slipped in some mud and began to thrash about frantically, tossing the little man into the stagnant water, and splashing Damion, Kariah, and Snowfeather with slimy muck.
Garth burst out laughing, nearly falling from his saddle in his mirth. He had somehow avoided the spray of slime and seemed to find their misfortune highly amusing.
Sly struggled to his feet cursing and swearing venomously and fixed the chuckling dwarf with a dangerous look.
Snowfeather joined the chorus of swears with his own tirade, screeching in fury as he shook the muck from his sodden feathers. “Damion,” The huge bird chattered indignantly. “I would like to take this chance to officially resign as your companion.”
Damion snorted, wiping the mud from his eyes. “You wish.” He answered aloud.
Sly had to struggle for moment to calm his horse, then finally heaved himself back into his saddle. He turned and glared at the dwarf, who was still chuckling. “One more chuckle and I'll make sure you go for a swim, too.”
Garth gulped, then fell silent.
A deep rumble of thunder echoed through the night, announcing the drizzling rain which soon followed.
Damion cursed, then sighed in resignation. “At least it will help wash this muck off.”
The rain began to fall heavier, driving off the fog, but the dark and gloomy storm clouds above allowed little moonlight to travel by. A bolt of lightning suddenly crashed into a rotting tree less than hundred yards away, causing the horses to jump in fear. It took several moments of struggling to bring them back under control.
“That was too close!” Sly grunted, trying to calm his trembling steed. “We need to find shelter before this storm strikes full force.”
More lightning continued to streak across the skies, momentarily revealing a large grove of thick spiky vines a few dozen yards away that was surrounded by several huge rotting trees.
Damion spotted the grove and pointed it out. “Let’s head for that grove of vines.” He bellowed over the rolling thunder. “I think I have an idea.” He led the way to the grove, which had once been a thriving tangle, but now hung lifeless.
Reining in Storm, he swung down from the huge warhorse's back and immediately slipped in the mud. Cursing loudly, he struggled to his feet accompanied by the others' laughter. He gritted his teeth, ignoring their snickers, then focused his magic on the lifeless vines. The vines suddenly burst into life and began to grow longer and thicker, weaving in amongst itself until it formed a large domed hut that remained open at the front.
“Very clever.” Sly complemented. “Can you do anything about the mud?”
Damion directed his magic at the muddy ground. Steam suddenly began rise as the moisture began to evaporate from the soil. Within moments, the ground within the domed hut was completely dry. He smirked cockily, then began to lead the way inside, but was stopped fast. He looked down in confusion and found himself stuck ankle deep in the now solid soil. He blushed in embarrassment as everyone began to laugh once again, and quickly struggled to release himself.
There was ample room inside of the domed structure, so they were able to fit all the horses inside without a problem. Damion gathered a few small stones and piled them together in the center of the hut’s opening, and after a few moments of concentration they burst into flame, bringing a welcome warmth to the companions. 
“You are a very useful fellow to have around.” Kariah said with a smile, moving close to the magical fire.
“So far, luck has been on our side.” Dar said, warming his hands at the fire. “But we won't be able to count on that much longer.”
Damion stared out at the dreary swamp. “We’ll stay here for the rest of the night, then set off at dawn.” He looked at the others. “We can take turns standing watch for any trouble.”
“What about the horses?” Sly asked worriedly. “We have plenty of oats and grain for them to eat, but not nearly enough fresh water.” He gave Damion a curious look. “Can you use your magic to create some water?”
Damion frowned. “I’m not entirely sure. Damarius showed me how to use my magic to create different things, but I never tried to make water.”
“Well, now is the time to find out.” The scruffy little man produced a couple of large buckets from one of their pack horses. “See if you can fill these up. The horses can take turns drinking, and you can just refill them occasionally.”
Damion gave him a dubious look, then concentrated his magic upon the buckets. At first nothing happened, then, slowly at first, water began to appear at the bottom of the bucket, slowly rising until both buckets were nearly overflowing.
“Excellent!” Sly applauded, taking both buckets over to the horses so they could drink. “You have just solved a major problem that had been worrying me. Without fresh water, our horses wouldn’t have made it another two days.”
“We could have always given them some of your ale.” Kariah suggested.
Sly gasped, shocked at such a horrifying thought.
They dined on a stew Kariah whipped up with some of their supplies and washed it down with some of Sly’s dwarven ale. They all felt much better after having a hot meal to help warm their insides. Once they were finished, the others spread out their bedrolls and tried to get some rest, while Damion settled down near the fire to staring out at the pouring rain. 
After an hour or so, the rain began to slacken to a light drizzle, and the fog slowly began to thicken once more. He was preparing to awaken Sly to take over the watch when a horrible scream suddenly echoed through the murky darkness.
Garth jumped fearfully, then scrambled to his feet and grabbed his battle-axe. “By the gods! What was that?”
“I knew our luck wasn't going to hold out!” Dar cried as he jumped to his feet, his tiny face pale. “The dead have risen!”
Another tortured howl echoed through the swamp, sounding much closer than before. Strange dark figures began to shuffle through the shadows cast by the firelight. The figures slowly began to drift closer to the shelter, their hungry growls floating through the night.
“I would just like one night of uninterrupted sleep!” Sly groaned miserably as he rolled to his feet and drew his sword. 
They readied themselves as one of the shadows moved closer to the fire, but it stopped just out of the light cast by the flames. The companions nearly gagged as the overwhelming scent of rotting flesh overpowered their senses.
The storm suddenly released another torrent of rain which further obscured their vision. The hungry howls continued to pierce the night, growing ever closer and more desperate. The companions quickly gathered more stones and lined them across the opening of the hut, then Damion set them aflame, completely blocking the entrance. He then drew the Dragon Sword from its sheath and prepared himself for battle.
The shuffling figures continued to remain just outside of the firelight, howling horribly with a dreadful hunger. Several smaller four-legged creatures also prowled among the shadows, pacing back and forth restlessly. Occasionally one would toss its head back and release an earsplitting howl that would echo through the night.
“Don’t let them cross through the fire!” Dar warned. “If they inflict you with a bite, you will be cursed to become one of the undead yourself!”
“Do you have to keep reminding us?” Sly asked sourly.
One of the four-legged creatures suddenly leapt through the flames and landed between Sly and Dar, snarling in terrible hunger. They were repulsed by what they saw. It was a huge shaggy wolf that had obviously been dead for quite some time. Most of the skin and fur had fallen away to reveal the rotting flesh and bone beneath. Its bulging eyes were covered with a milky white film, and the flesh was completely rotted away from the creature’s muzzle, leaving it with a permanent snarl. Thousands of maggots covered its body, squirming through the rotten flesh grotesquely.
The undead wolf whirled on Dar and snarled, causing the tiny Alena to jump back fearfully, his tiny face deathly pale. It lunged at him with lightning speed, but was knocked to the ground as Sly lashed out with a powerful kick that crushed the left side of its head. It scrambled back to its feet, one eye hanging from the socket, but seemed completely unaffected by the horrendous injury.
Damion instantly recovered from his initial revulsion and dashed forward, a fireball forming in his hand. It caught the undead creature full in the ribs and exploded, hurling it back backwards through the wall of flames.
Another undead wolf leapt through the flames only to have its skull crushed by Garth's battle-axe. It fell twitching to the ground, its head nearly completely severed from its body. Its legs kicked feebly as it tried in vain to rise back to its feet, but its body could no longer respond. Damion seized the twitching carcass by the legs and hurled it back through the flames where it crashed into several other shadowy figures that continued to lurk just outside of the firelight.
A loud splintering crash caused to them all to jump in surprise. Damion spun around to stare at the back of the shelter and saw that one of the undead creatures, a human man, had somehow managed to claw its way through the thick vine wall near the horses. Storm screamed in fury, then reared and lashed out with a powerful foreleg. The dead man's chest collapsed, and it was hurled back through the opening in the vines.
Several more of the undead began to gather outside the vine hut, desperately trying to claw their way into the shelter, their moans and growls growing louder and more insistent as they fought to reach the companions.
Damion drew in his magic and the vines instantly sprang back to life once more, writhing like snakes as they intertwined and thickened to produce an almost impenetrable shield around them. He then turned and focused on the flaming stones which held the rest of the dead at bay. The flames suddenly grew in strength, towering high into the night and throwing off an intense heat that effectively forced the undead to keep their distance. Those few that attempted to pass through the flames were immediately consumed by the roaring inferno.
Damion returned to the Dragon Sword to its sheath, then turned to the others. “I think that will keep us safe until dawn.”
"Thank the gods!" Kariah said in a relieved tone. "Those things are horrifying!"
The tortured screams continued grow with a greater urgency, and they could still hear the creatures as they fruitlessly tried to claw their way through the tough spiky vines. They settled back down and tried to relax as best they could under the circumstances, but the ravenous howls kept them from having any hope for sleep. They stretched out on their bedrolls in silence, trying without success to block out the agonized screams that continued to pierce the night.
“How much longer is it until dawn?” Garth asked, finally breaking the silence.
“It’s hard to say.” Sly grunted his face bleak. “At least a couple more hours.” He spat on the ground in disgust, then rose to his feet and began rummaging through the packs. He finally produced a cask of ale and several metal cups. “We might as well make ourselves comfortable. It doesn't appear that we are going anywhere anytime soon."

Chapter 12

It was midday four days later when Snowfeather discovered something very disturbing. 
After their first terrifying encounter with the walking cursed, they stopped early every evening, well before sundown, and Damion would use his magic to create a shelter to keep them protected while they tried to rest. The undead always appeared just after nightfall and disappear as soon as the dawn approached. The companions would immediately set off again in an attempt to put as many miles behind them as possible, hoping to make it the rest of the way through the cursed swamp as quickly as possible.
The companions were slowly pushing their way through the desolate swamp, when the huge snow owl suddenly emerged from the fog and landed atop Damion's shoulder. “You’re never going to believe this!”
“What is it?” Damion asked in concern.
“There is a large temple a few miles from here with a crude makeshift altar that's been erected in front.”
Damion shrugged. “It’s probably just some ancient ruins.”
“I’m afraid not. There are dozens of black-robed humans grouped around the altar, and there is a group of ragged-looking slaves that are chained together nearby. It appears that the robed ones are sacrificing the slaves in some kind of strange ritual.”
Damion jerked Storm to a halt. “What kind of ritual?”
“I’m not sure, but I don’t think it’s the good kind.” The huge owl squawked, fluffing his feathers in disgust. “They are forcing the slaves onto the altar, and then plunging a glowing dagger into their hearts. They then toss the dead to the side and begin to chant ritualistically.”
Damion swore viciously, then quickly told the others.
“Gruelt Cultists!” Dar exclaimed in horror.
“What are they?” Kariah asked in a fearful voice.
Dar's face was filled with revulsion. “They are a horrible cult that worships death. According to legends, they slaughter the innocent and capture their souls, cursing the victims to an eternity of walking death.” He looked as though he may be sick. All the color had drained from his face, and his eyes were wide with shock. “They must be responsible for the curse that hangs over this swamp!” He shook his head in disbelief. “I would have never imagined it would be Gruelt Cultists. I didn't think they even existed anymore!”
“So, what do we do?” Sly asked Damion, though he obviously knew what his answer would be.
Damion's face was grim. “We go stop them and save the remaining slaves.”
The scruffy little man nodded, knowing it was useless to argue, although he appeared none too thrilled at the prospect. 
“Let’s get moving, then.” Dar snarled with unusual heat.
Damion stared at the childlike sprite in surprise. “Beginning to develop a vicious streak?”
“Those despicable vermin are the lowest form of life!" The boy declared with righteous anger. "The world needs to be purged of such wretched creatures!” 
“Where is this temple?” Sly asked with a frown.
“A mile or so to the south.”
“Then I suggest we get moving if we want to save those slaves.”
It took nearly an hour to reach the dreary diseased-looking temple, and they lingered back just out of sight for several moments, watching the cultists as they gathered around a newly slaughtered slave which was sprawled across the altar. They were chanting in a strange, angry sounding language, and swaying back and forth rhythmically as if they were in some sort of trance.
“We may already be too late.” Sly whispered to Damion. “I don't see any more slaves.”
One of the cultists suddenly broke away from the group and entered the temple, only to return moments later dragging a struggling dwarf behind him carelessly. He threw the tiny dwarf hard against altar where it collapsed lifelessly.
“Gretta!” Garth suddenly bellowed. The stocky dwarf spurred his pony forward, roaring in fury.
“There goes the element of surprise!” Damion growled, drawing the Dragon Sword from its sheath. “I guess we should go help him!” He charged after Garth on foot, slightly taken aback by the ferocity the raging dwarf displayed as he began to chop his way through the ranks of the startled cultists, desperately trying to get to reach betrothed. 
At first, the cultists seemed too stunned to react, their eyes refusing to believe what they saw. Many continued to sway rhythmically, still deeply in entranced. Four of them fell to Garth's vicious battle-axe before any of them could even react. Most of them dissolved into a blind panic and tried to flee, though a few pulled daggers and rushed to the attack.
The Dragon Sword whistled as Damion charged into the fray, leaving a trail of carnage behind him. The sword's blade sheared through flesh and bone effortlessly as he danced among the cultists, keeping a close eye on the raging dwarf at the same time.
Sly charged into the fray and drove his sword deep into one of the cultist's chests, causing him to stiffen horribly before collapsing to the ground. Another black-robed man charged to the attack while he was occupied in freeing his sword, but Dar suddenly dashed forward and leapt into the air, driving both feet hard into the cultist's face. The cultist crashed to the ground, landing upon his own dagger, then shuddered horribly and fell still.
“Thanks.” Sly said, smiling at the childlike sprite gratefully.
“Anytime.” Dar grinned before dashing right back into the fray.
An angry whinny echoed through the swamp as Storm suddenly charged into the battle like a wild beast. He trampled several cultists under his churning hooves, then spun and lashed out with a powerful kick that caught another hard in the face. The man flew backwards through the air and landed in a lifeless heap, his face shattered into a thousand pieces.
The battle was short and ugly. Soon, all the cultists lay dead at their feet, and the sounds of battle died away, leaving an eerie silence in the dead swamp. 
Garth received a deep ragged gash across one arm, but he ignored it as he rushed towards the limp form that still lay at the foot of the altar. “Gretta!” He cried, gently lifting her into his arms. “My Gretta!”
The young dwarven woman was dressed in dirty mud-caked rags, and her pale, nearly colorless hair hung in matted clumps. She couldn't have stood more than three and a half feet tall, though she was well endowed with womanly attributes. She was trembling violently as she stared at her betrothed, her eyes still filled with terror. “G-Garth?” She cried in disbelief. “I-Is it r-really you?” She slowly reached out a hand and touched his thickly-bearded face as if she thought she was dreaming.
“It’s me, my love.” He whispered gently. “I’m here."
“M-My God!” She cried. “It is you!” She threw her arms around his neck and burst into tears. “I thought I would n-never see you again!”
“You are safe now, my love. We are here, now. We won't let anything happen to you.”
Gretta slowly looked around at the remains of the Gruelt cultists, then her eyes fell upon Damion. She screamed in terror as she saw him towering a few feet away, the Dragon Sword still in one hand, and his armor splashed with blood. “A giant!” She tried desperately to scramble to her feet. “G-Garth! Run!” She struggled furiously to get away.
“No! Gretta! Calm yourself!” He held on to her tightly and refused to release her. “That’s no giant. That’s Damion. He is a friend.”
She slowly ceased struggling, but continued to stare at the huge warrior fearfully. 
Damion slowly turned away and walked over to Storm's side, his feelings once against stung by her fearful reaction. He reached his stallion's side and pat the great beast on its neck.
“Don’t let her reaction bother you.” Sly murmured quietly as he silently drifted up behind Damion. He seemed to know exactly what the young man was feeling. “She was already frightened out of her wits. She isn't in the right state of mind.”
Damion didn't answer, but instead looked towards Dar and Kariah as they approached. Kariah stared at him with sad eyes and looked as though she wanted to say something, but he quickly turned away, unable to meet her gaze.
They decided to stop for the rest of the day and make use of the now-empty temple. Though it was forbidding-looking place, it was stoutly built from thick limestone blocks, and equipped with huge bronze doors that were stained black with age. 
The interior proved to be just as bleak as the exterior. It was scarcely furnished, save for a few crude tables and chairs. A large fire pit stood in the center of the main chamber giving off a foul-smelling smoke. Dozens of heavy wooden doors lined the walls, revealing tiny cramped cells that seemed to be used to house the slaves and cultists alike.
After they carefully coaxed the horses inside, they barred the doors behind them and settled in for the night. Damion used his magic to start a small fire to cook on since no one wanting to linger too close to the fire pit in case the noxious-smelling smoke was poisonous, and they were soon eating a savory stew that Kariah whipped up from their dwindling supplies.
It was much later when Gretta slowly approached Damion with an apprehensive expression. “M-May we speak?” She asked in a quiet voice.
Damion stared at her for a moment, then nodded. “Of course.”
“I wished to thank you for helping Garth to find me. If it wasn't for you, those men would have killed me!” She blushed shamefully. “A-And I reacted so badly when I first saw you.”
The huge warrior sighed heavily. “I understand.” He replied in a subdued voice. “I’m beginning to grow used to it.”
Sly set up in his bedroll and stared at the dwarf maiden. “How did the cultists manage to capture you?”
“I journeyed to Kainpre with my father to do business several weeks ago. Once in the city, we met a man who claimed to be interested in purchasing some gems. He claimed to have a caravan waiting just outside of the city and wanted us to meet him there to do business. When we arrived, we were set upon by a dozen black-robed men. They managed to overpower me, but,” Her eyes began to shimmer with tears. “My father fought them to the death.” She drew a deep shuddering breath, then continued. “They put me in chains and brought me to this horrible place. They threw me in a cell along with several other people that they had kidnapped and held me prisoner.” The tears began to flow freely from her eyes. “Most of the other slaves were completely mad, though one woman was still coherent enough to tell me that they were cultists. She told me that she had seen them do abominable things to the other slaves. She said that they would place the slaves upon the altar outside and plunge a glowing dagger into their hearts, then begin chanting in some strange language. What was truly horrible is that once dusk had fallen, the slaves would rise again as one of the undead!” She began to weep uncontrollably. “I would have become one, too, if you had not appeared!” She covered her face with her hands and rushed back to Garth's side.
Sly shook his head sadly. “At least the cultists cannot commit any more atrocities.” He glanced over at Dar. “Now that they are dead, will be undead still rise?”
The boy shrugged. “It’s hard to say. The curse that was laid upon their victims may have been permanent. They may be doomed to spend the rest of eternity in endless hunger.”
The scruffy little man shook his head again in disgust, then laid back in his bedroll and closed his eyes.
Damion stared up at the ceiling, strangely devoid of feelings. The horrors that he had seen since he first left the valley was nearly overwhelming, and it just seemed to grow worse and worse the farther he traveled from the place he called home. There seemed to be an overabundance of evil at work in the world, turning it into a place of constant fear and turmoil. With each new encounter, he clearly felt a piece of his innocence fall away, leaving him with a cold, empty feeling in the pit of his stomach.
He sighed heavily, then glanced at Kariah, who had collapsed in exhaustion on her bedroll and fell into a deep sleep. The memory of the fear she had in her eyes upon their first meeting came to him unbidden, tormenting him deeply. Though she now had grown much closer to him, a part of him still wondered if, deep down, she still feared him.
He finally forced himself to tear his eyes away from her slumbering form and laid back in his bedroll. After a while, his exhaustion overcame his torrent of thoughts, and he fell into a restless sleep.

**********

They emerged from the reeking swamp two days later, just before nightfall, much to everyone's great relief. To their surprise, the undead did not return in the night after their battle with the Gruelt Cultists. The companions still stopped every evening before dusk and set up camp, but the dead never returned. The fog that had so eerily hovered over the lifeless swamp had also slowly dissipated, revealing the true ugliness of their surroundings.
“We must have broken the curse that the cultists placed upon the land.” Dar had theorized as they spent their second night barricaded in the rotted-out trunk of a huge dead oak tree. “It appears that the curse was lifted with their deaths.” His eyes narrowed shrewdly. “It’s my guess that the curse was tied together with the strange ritual that we witnessed. Unless I'm mistaken, they were attempting to renew the curse that infected this land. Now that the cultists are all dead, there is no one to renew the curse. This land will now gradually return to normal, and life will once again return and flourish here.”
They finally rode out onto dry land that was dotted with trees and shrubs, and they soon began to see signs of wildlife once more. The sun was just beginning to set when they noticed a tall spiky-leafed tree growing next to the trail. Huge brightly-colored fruit hung from its thick branches emitting an intoxicating fragrance that made their mouths water and their stomachs growl.
“Fresh fruit!” Kariah cried happily, slipping nimbly from her pony's back and rushing towards the towering tree eagerly.
“Kariah!” Dar bellowed in a commanding tone. “Stop where you are, and do not move!”
The young elf maiden stopped in her tracks and turned to stare at him with a surprised look. “I just wanted to get some....”
“That is a Blood Needle tree!” The boy told her quickly. “The leaves are like tiny little knives that will bury themselves deep into your skin and drain you of your blood if you approach it too closely.”
Kariah let out a frightened squeal, then quickly scrambled away.
Dar stared at the plant in revulsion. “The tree lures its victims with its pleasant aroma and its enticing fruit. Look there.” He pointed at a number of bones that lay scattered at the base of the plant. “Those are the remains of its previous victims.”
Kariah's face went pale, then she quickly scampered atop Storm's back and clasped her arms tightly around Damion’s waist.
The tiny Alena slid from his saddle, his face a thundercloud of anger and disgust. He slowly walked towards the tree, his body trembling with fury.
“Dar!” Sly called uneasily. “What are you doing?”
“I’m going to make sure that this disgusting thing doesn't claim any more victims.” He withdrew a handful of white powder from a pouch on his belt and tossed it around the tree's roots. He quickly scrambled back as the powder burst into flames, quickly consuming the entire tree, which began to thrash about spasmodically. A high-pitched screech pierced the air as it started to wither in the intense flames, then finally died away as the flames reduced the tree to ash.
Dar watched with a furious expression until the entire tree had been consumed, then he walked back to his pony and remounted. “It will claim no more victims.” He said with satisfaction. “Let’s put a few miles between ourselves and this place before we set up camp.”
After continuing for a couple more miles, they set up camp near a swift-flowing stream, then led the horses over to drink their fill.
Kariah lightly padded over to Damion's side as he carefully checked Storm's hooves for any injuries. She leaned in close to say something, then suddenly stopped sniffing the air. She quickly drew back and covered her nose. “Wow! Damion, I think it’s time that you took a good bath! You are starting to smell like Storm!”
Storm turned and glared at her, then casually flicked her on her backside with his mud-caked tail.
Damion chuckled. “You asked for that, you know.” He raised one arm and sniffed, then he flinched. “Although, I think you may be right.” Storm snorted once more, and he chuckled. “I bet we could all use a good bath.”
He stripped off his armor, though he kept the Dragon Sword strapped to his side, then he led the huge warhorse deeper into the stream and carefully began to scrub all the mud out of its smoky gray fur. Once the great stallion was free of the foul-smelling muck, he submerged himself in the icy cold water and made a fair attempt at scrubbing himself clean. He emerged from the water shivering uncontrollably and turning a slight shade of blue. He quickly went to the large campfire they had built to warm himself and stood close in an effort to dry faster.
He frowned when he hardly even seemed to feel the heat from the flames, even as moved so close he was nearly standing amongst the burning embers. He slowly backed away, his mind racing. After a moment's hesitation, he plunged his hand into the flames and braced himself for the pain, but to his great surprise, he felt nothing more than a pleasant warmness envelope his arm.
“By the gods! What are you doing?” Garth and Gretta came stumping into view, their faces freshly scrubbed and their eyes wide with shock. “Have you lost your wits entirely?”
Damion ignored him and continued to pass his arm back and forth through the flames in amazement. After another moment, he pulled his arm back and stared at it in confusion. It was completely unharmed!
“How did you do that?” The dwarf asked, stumping forward and gazing at his arm. “Your flesh should be charred to a crisp!”
Damion shrugged, then looked down at the glittering sword that hung at his side. “It must have been the Dragon Sword. It must have protected me from the flames.”
“Don’t be so sure about that.” Dar's boyish voice came from the shadows. He stepped from the darkness, his eyes unreadable. “Remember, you have the blood of dragons flowing in you veins, Dragonkin.”
“Stop calling me that!” Damion snapped in annoyance.
“What does that have to do with anything?” Garth asked in confusion.
“Dragons are not affected by fire.” Dar explained. “Since Damion shares the same blood, he may also be immune to fire.”
Damion's face darkened, but he silently unbuckled the Dragon Sword and let it fall to the ground. “I’m going to be very angry if I get burned!” He warned the boy in a grim tone.
Dar swallowed hard. “M-Maybe you should do it really fast.”
Damion fixed him with a steady look, then slowly extended his hand towards the flames. Once again, he only felt a pleasant warmness envelope his arm. He withdrew his hand from the flames and strapped the Dragon Sword to his side.
“See? I told yo...”
“Don’t say it.” The huge warrior growled in a dangerous voice.
The boy fell silent, though he had a triumphant smile playing about his mouth.
Once everyone was clean and gathered around the fire, the topic of food immediately emerged. “We desperately need to replenish our supplies.” Sly grumbled, his stomach growling loudly. “Our packs are practically empty.”
Damion cursed, then slowly rose to his feet. “C’mon Snowfeather.” He grunted in a tired voice. “Let’s go get some dinner.” He slipped into the form of a panther and headed off into the night with the huge snow owl silently ghosting overhead. They soon returned with several large hares, which Dar quickly skinned and set on spits over the fire.
“Those things are huge!” Kariah exclaimed, staring that the hares in disbelief.
Dar snorted. “You should see one full-grown. They stand nearly four-feet-tall and are the fastest creatures you have ever seen!”
Snowfeather squawked indignantly, causing Damion to laugh. “They’re not quite fast enough. Snowfeather took two of those creatures down in less than five minutes.” 
“All that really matters is that there is a ready supply of fresh meat available.” Sly grumbled hungrily.
“Just wait until we have reached the forest.” Dar piped confidently. “It abounds with wildlife! Since it’s widely believed that the forest is cursed, it remains a land untouched. Thousands of different creatures call the forest their home, including myself.”
“How much farther is it until we reach the forest?” The scruffy little man asked, testing the sizzling meat with the tip of his dagger.
“About a week. It is open terrain most of the way, so we should make good time.”
“And then how far to the dragon's lair?”
Dar shrugged. “It may take several weeks. The creatures of the forest will know of our presence almost immediately and will probably confront us. I shouldn't have any problems getting us through, but it may slow our progress a bit.”
“What kind creatures will we encounter?” Damion asked curiously.
Dar laughed. “You wouldn’t believe me if I told you.”
Everyone slept until late the following morning and rose still feeling stiff and sore from their trials in the swamp. They set off around midafternoon at a casual walk, not wishing to push the horses hard after such an ordeal. The countryside was gentle, with a soft fertile soil that completely muffled the pounding of the horse’s hooves. Large herds of deer dotted the area, feeding on the thick grass that grew around the area in abundance. They watched the companions with curious eyes as they passed, ready to bolt at the slightest sign of danger. The beautiful, almost serene setting, and the crisp, fresh air, lent an almost unreal quality to their journey. Emerging from the dead and decaying swamp to find themselves in such a peaceful and serene place that was bursting with life, it was almost like stepping into another world.
They slowly pushed on through the tall grass, allowing the horses to move at their own pace. Damion and Kariah rode together atop Storm at the lead, quietly listening to Dar describe the forest as he rode beside them perched lightly atop his sturdy little Deolan pony. Sly was dozing in his saddle, occasionally waking up a long enough to look around before dropping his head down and falling back to sleep. Snowfeather perched atop Damion’s shoulder, resting with his head tucked beneath one wing. 
The sun was setting, and Damion was considering stopping for the evening, when a momentary glimpse of sunlight reflecting off steel caught Damion's attention. He reacted instantly, slamming Storm into Dar’s much smaller pony, knocking them to the side. In the same instant, the blur of a crossbow bolt flashed through the air where Dar had just sat a second before.
“Ambush!” Damion bellowed at the others as he drew the Dragon Sword. He grabbed Kariah with one arm and gently placed her into the tall grass. “Stay down!” He looked up and stared intently at the area from where the bolt was fired. Even at that distance, Damion could plainly see that the creatures that were moving towards them were dragonspawn. There was no mistaking the enormous reptilian creatures. "Dragonspawn!" He cursed viciously. “Dar! Stay with the women! Garth! Sly! Let's go!” He spurred Storm ahead, rage beginning to inflame his senses.
He counted over a dozen of the scaly creatures rushing towards them, a variety of crude weapons in their clawed hands. Storm didn't even pause in his charge as he crashed into the group of dragonspawn, riding several down with crushing hooves while Damion began to lay about with the Dragon Sword. Five of the dragonspawn fell with almost no resistance, while the others hesitated in their attack, taken aback by his ferocity.
Garth took quick advantage of their hesitation and withdrew a small hand ax that he produced from his belt. He sent it whistling through the air where it buried itself deep into the forehead of one of the scaled creatures. It fell to the ground twitching convulsively.
Storm crashed through another dragonspawn, then Damion wheeled him around and charged back into the fray. He skillfully deflected a wild swipe from a rusty sword, then sliced one of the scaly creatures across the belly, spilling its entrails. He impaled a second through the heart, then tore the Dragon Sword free, and casually removed the head of the first while it desperately tried to put its intestines back where they belonged.
He chanced a look over at Sly, who was fighting with two of the injured dragonspawn that Storm had ridden down. With a thrust that was quicker than the eye could follow, the little man drove the point of his sword into the throat of one of the creatures, then he suddenly dove forward, rolled, and sprang back up to his feet, ripping upward with his dagger. The second dragonspawn stiffened as the dagger sliced it open from its groin to its chest, then it fell limply to the ground.
One dragonspawn somehow managed to break loose of the others and rushed at Kariah and Gretta snarling in insane blood lust, apparently thinking of an easy kill. Dar calmly stepped forward and tossed a handful of his white powder full into the creature’s face. The creature suddenly stopped, hesitating in surprise, then slowly continued forward undeterred.
“I don't think it worked!” Kariah cried in desperation.
“Just wait.” The childlike sprite murmured calmly.
The dragonspawn suddenly sneezed, and the powder burst into white hot flames which quickly engulfed the surprised beast. It shrieked in agony, then fell rolling to the ground, desperately trying to put out the searing blaze, but the flames only grew more intense, and after a few moments, its thrashing stopped.
Kariah waved the noxious-smelling smoke away from her face and stared at the smoldering creature with disgust. “What is that stuff?” She asked the childlike sprite curiously.
Dar smiled mysteriously. “It’s just a little of this and a little of that.”
They watched Damion as he quickly dispatched two more of the scaly creatures with ease, then turned to watch Garth crush another's skull with a vast overhand blow of his battle-axe. 
Sly ran his sword through the throat of the last remaining dragonspawn, then stood back and watched with satisfaction as it kicked at the ground feebly. After the creature’s thrashing stopped, he turned and glared at Damion. “I really hate those things!” He snarled angrily, spitting on the carcass.
“Damion!” Kariah exclaimed, staring at the Dragon Sword, which had begun to glow with a dim pulsating light. “The Dragon Sword! It’s glowing!”
Damion stared at the glowing sword in confusion. “What’s wrong with it?” He watched as the pulsating glow continued to grow brighter, seeming to be almost alive with energy.
A huge form suddenly blocked out the setting sun, casting a great shadow over the companions. They fell back in surprise as a sleek crimson form suddenly soared down from the sky.
The dragon was enormous, with powerful leathery wings that raised great clouds of dust with each thrust. The creature's massive head gleamed in the fading sunlight, revealing massive jaws that were filled with sharp serrated teeth. Two great spiraling horns protruded from its head behind each of its cunning eyes. The dragon's sleek body bulged with muscles that rippled with every movement, and its armor-like scales flashed a bloody red in the waning sunlight. 
Straddling the huge beast's back, clutching the glowing Dragon Gem in one hand, was the scar-faced man Kaviel. The Dragon Gem was glowing brightly, pulsating in the exact manner of the Dragon Sword, clearly in response to the sword’s presence.
“Everyone get clear!” Dar screamed to the others, who instantly scrambled for cover.
Damion locked eyes with the man that murdered his father, and he saw Kaviel’s mouth widen in sudden recognition. The man suddenly snarled as he spotted the glowing Dragon Sword clenched tightly in Damion’s hand, and screamed something unintelligible to the dragon, which instantly fell into a dive, its eyes locked on the glowing sword.
The Dragon Sword suddenly flashed alive with an intense blinding light that burst forth brilliantly. The dragon suddenly roared in pain and pulled out of its dive, temporarily blinded from the intense flash.
Damion had just managed to shield his eyes as the sword flashed its blinding light, driving the dragon back. He watched as the enormous beast circled for a moment overhead readying itself for another attack, and clearly heard Kaviel bellow another order to the scarlet beast, but it suddenly reared, screaming defiantly. The scar-faced man thrust the Dragon Gem at the defiant beast and screamed once more. The dragon roared in hatred and outrage, then fell into another dive, belching flames at Damion, who felt his entire body engulfed in the blast. To his great relief, the flames did not burn, but merely tickled his exposed skin. He heard Kariah's scream through the roar of the flames, and a laugh of triumph from Kaviel, both obviously believing that he had perished in the intense dragon fire.
With some effort, he drew in his magic and sent a bolt of pure energy streaking up through the fire, striking the scarlet dragon full in the face. The bolt exploded, hurling the beast backward through the air, momentarily stunning it.
Kaviel somehow managed to keep his seat on the dragon’s shoulders, but appeared shaken. He stared at Damion with disbelieving eyes, clearly taken aback by the large warrior's miraculous survival.
Damion rose to his full height, his dwarven armor glowing red from the flames, and pointed at the scar-faced human with the tip of the pulsating Dragon Sword, his eyes flaring red with fury.
Kaviel screamed something at the dragon, which roared again in defiance, then it tucked its wings and fell from the sky. Damion was once again engulfed in flames as he felt the dragon crash to the ground between him and the others, separating him from his friends. The ground shook violently with its tremendous impact, nearly knocking him from his feet, and he staggered, momentarily off-balance.
The dragon roared once more, then quickly snatched up Kariah and roughly tossed her up to Kaviel's awaiting hands. The young elf maiden screamed in terror, desperately trying to free herself from the scar-faced man's grip, but he hit her hard across her face and she suddenly fell limp.
“Tempest!” Dar screamed, running forward and waving at the scarlet beast desperately. “No!”
The dragon's eyes suddenly went wide with shock and recognition as it spotted the tiny Alena frantically waving his arms in an effort to get its attention. Kaviel suddenly bellowed again, and the dragon was forced to turn away with a snarl. It belched another wall of flames at Damion, then launched itself into the air with a powerful thrust of its huge wings.
“No!” Damion screamed, emerging from the flames, his face pale with fear.
The huge scarlet dragon soared away and quickly disappeared from sight.
Damion howled a bestial howl of fury, then launched himself atop Storm's back, clearly intending to follow.
“Damion!” Sly ran up and grabbed Storm’s bridal. “Stop! It’s too late! You'll never catch them!”
Damion scowled. “We can still catch them! Come on! We have to hurry!”
The scruffy little man shook his head. “They are long gone. There's no way that we can catch up.”
“We can't just sit here!” The huge warrior objected angrily. “We have to help her!”
“And we will.” Sly assured him. “As long as she is alive, he can use her to try and force you to give him the Dragon Sword.”
Damion swore viciously, then jumped down from Storm's back. He couldn't believe what had just happened. In an instant, Kariah was gone, and even with all his magic, he had been powerless to stop it from happening. He had never felt so helpless in his entire life, and the frustration was enough to nearly drive him mad.
In a rage, he blasted a huge boulder to dust, leaving a large smoking crater in its place. He reduced an old oak tree into kindling, then whirled in search of something else to destroy, but Sly fearlessly stepped up to block him.
“That’s enough!” The scruffy little man bellowed. “How is raging about, destroying everything you see, going to help Kariah?”
Damion glared down at him angrily, then turned away. He slumped to his knees and buried his face in his hands.
After several long, tense minutes, Sly timidly laid a consoling hand on Damion's shoulder. “She will be fine, my friend.” He reassured him in a knowing voice. “Once we reach the dragon's lair, we'll save her, and put an end to all of this mess.”
Damion slowly struggled to his feet, shaking away Sly’s hand from his shoulder, and began gathering the horses together. “Let’s get ready to ride.” He growled in a fearsome voice.
Dar ran up then, his tiny face pale. “Damion! I know the dragon that Kaviel rode upon!” His words only seemed to inflame the young sorcerer even more, but he continued anyway. “Listen to me!” He demanded. “Tempest was unable to control her own actions! You have to believe me that she would never do something like this unless she was forced! It is not her fault! You have to believe me!”
Damion turned on the childlike sprite with fire blazing in his eyes. “You want me to trust you?” He snarled dangerously. “That dragon has destroyed my home, killed countless innocents, and now it has snatched Kariah!” He grasped the boy by the front of his tunic with one huge hand and lifted him until they were eye to eye. “You’re trying to tell me that the dragon is your friend, and to trust you? Are you insane?” He gave the tiny Alena an angry shake.
Dar held on tightly to Damion's forearm, his legs kicking feebly in the empty air. “Kariah is still alive!” He choked. “Tempest will keep her alive!”
“That dragon has killed several thousand people already!” Damion shook the Alena again. “What makes you believe that it won't kill her too?”
Dar's face had taken on a faintly greenish cast. “I’ll tell you as soon as you put me down. Otherwise, I'm going to vomit all over you.”
Damion snarled, then released his grip, dropping the sprite hard to the ground.
Dar took several moments to compose himself, then rose to his feet and brushed himself off. “Kariah was still alive when they flew off. My guess is that Kaviel snatched her as a bartering tool. Once he realized that you have the Dragon Sword, and could easily destroy him, he grabbed Kariah to use her against you.”
“We’ve already worked that out for ourselves.” Sly grunted sarcastically.
“Tempest had no control over what happened. As long as Kaviel has the Dragon Gem, she has no control over her own actions.”
Damion leapt atop Storm's broad back, then fixed him with an angry glare. “Then I'll just have to take the Dragon Gem from Kaviel, won’t I?”

Chapter 13

Kariah awoke with a start, frightened and confused, inside of a large dank cavern that was lit by several burning torches which lined the rough stone walls. She slowly sat up from the cold stone floor where she lay and stared around fearfully. The cavern appeared to be a natural formation, but the torches spoke loudly that it was inhabited. Huge piles of gold and silver coins lay scattered about the cavern's floor, mingling with fist-sized gems that glittered in the torchlight.
She put a hand to her aching head, trying to remember what had happened and how she came to be in the dank cavern. The last thing that she could remember was the enormous scarlet dragon standing over her and struggling with a scar-faced man, then everything went black. She gasped in fear as she suddenly realized that she was inside of the dragon's lair, then screamed in terror as her eyes fell on the dragon itself. It lay curled up against the far wall near the cavern's opening, where it watched her with huge unblinking eyes. She screamed again, then scrambled back against the cold stone wall, trembling in fear.
The dragon made no move to attack, but merely stared at the elf maiden with an odd detachment. It eventually laid its great head down on the cool stone floor and closed its eyes, though Kariah knew without a doubt that it was still very much awake.
The scar-faced man, Kaviel, suddenly appeared in the mouth of the cavern. “I see our guest has awakened.” He smiled an oily smile, rubbing his hands together eagerly. He moved closer, stopping only a few feet from where the young girl cowered, then stared down at her with a contemptuous sneer. “Tell me, wench,” He snarled after several long agonizing moments. “Who are you, and who is that freak that carries my sword?”
Kariah remained silent, staring at him with a defiant expression.
He knelt down until they were face to face, their noses nearly touching. “You will answer me, elven slut! I have very little patience for your kind, and I think you would find having your skin slowly filleted from your body a truly unpleasant experience. I suggest that you cooperate and answer me.” He smiled cruelly, revealing a mouthful of rotten teeth.
Kariah suppressed the urge to vomit. “K-Kariah. M-My name is Kariah.”
Kaviel continued to stare at her with crazed eyes. “And who is the freak that carries my sword?”
“I-I'm not sure.” She lied, thinking quickly. “H-He never told me his name. I met him after my village was destroyed. We were searching for somewhere safe to hide out for a while.”
The scar-faced man laughed. “Safe? There is nowhere in this world that is safe from my wrath!” He began to foam at the mouth. “I will have that sword! It is mine! It belongs to me, and I will have it!”
Kariah saw no other option, but to try and lead the madman away from the others. “I met them all a few weeks back in the Deolan grasslands. They were kind enough to allow me to travel with them, for a price.”
The frothing man stared at her with suspicious eyes. “Where did the large one get the sword?”
She shrugged. “He had it in his possession when I met him.”
“And where are they going now?”
“Somewhere far away from the dragon, I’d guess.” She tried to sound like she believed this to be true. “We were trying to escape the dragon's wrath when we journeyed here. Since it’s no safer here than where we started, they will probably find somewhere else to seek refuge.”
“Surely they will try to find you.” Kaviel said, suddenly looking anxious.
Kariah snorted and shook her head. “Those men are mercenaries. They only tolerated my presence as long as I paid them.” She put on a tragic expression. “They are probably miles and miles from here by now, happy to be rid of me.”
Kaviel cursed, then grabbed the frightened girl by the front of her tattered blouse. “If I find out you have lied to me,” He growled threateningly. “I will make sure you regret it!” He shoved her hard to the ground and turned to stare at the enormous dragon. “Watch her.” He commanded harshly. “If she attempts to escape, kill her.” He stalked from the cavern cursing under his breath, his expression worried.
The dragon stared at the man with unconcealed hatred, then it heaved a great sigh of resignation. It glanced over at Kariah, who was still huddled against the stone wall fearfully, then stretched out across the cavern floor and quickly fell asleep.
Kariah remained huddled against the stone wall for nearly an hour, watching as the dragon slept. She finally gathered enough courage to rise to her feet, intending to inch her way towards the cavern's mouth.
“It is no use.” The dragon's deep voice boomed through the cavern. “There is no way for you to escape. That wretched dog ordered me to keep you from escaping. I have no choice but to obey him.” The enormous scarlet beast slowly lifted its massive head and gazed at the elven girl with huge eyes. “Besides, even if you did make it out of here, there are nearly a thousand dragonspawn and goblins just outside of this cavern. You wouldn't make it very far.”
Kariah nearly fainted. She backed against the wall again, a terrified expression on her delicate features.
“Do not fear.” The dragon rumbled reassuringly. “I will not harm you as long as you do not try to escape.”
“P-Please! Just let me go!” She pleaded tearfully.
The dragon shook its great head. “If I were able, I would. But I haven't the power to resist the madman's commands. That damned gem he carries holds control over me, and as long as he possesses it, I must obey him. I have no choice.”
Kariah stared at the scarlet beast with a mixture of surprise and suspicion. “Then you're not willingly following him?”
The dragon snorted humorlessly, and smoke billowed from its nostrils. “Of course not. If it wasn't for that cursed gem, I would have already ripped him to shreds.” It snarled in angry frustration.
She watched the beast for a moment, then decided it was speaking the truth. It spoke with an all-consuming hatred for its human captor that could not be faked. “So, all of the people that you have slayed have been killed because he forced you?”
The dragon nodded, then hung its head in shame. “I would never willingly kill an innocent. I am not a monster.”
She took a moment to allow this to absorb, then asked. “What are you called?”
The dragon raised its head proudly. “I am Tempest.”
The elf maiden stared at its impressive physique with appreciation. She stepped forward timidly, though she was still cautious. “I’m Kariah. I am honored to meet you.” She stopped, suddenly remembering something. “You are the dragon that Dar spoke of, aren’t you?”
The huge scarlet beast nodded once more. “Aye. Dar of the Alena is a very old friend. I was quite surprised to see him after all these years. It has been many centuries since I last saw him.” It sighed deeply. “We used to spend quite a bit of time together, before my kin and myself were trapped inside of that cursed stone.”
Kariah felt a sudden surge of hope. “You can help get us the gem from Kaviel, then!”
“Nay, my young elven friend.” Tempest shook her head, her voice full of sadness. “The gem will not allow it.”
The girl's face suddenly fell. “Oh. Well, I guess I can only hope that Damion and the others try to come find me and stop Kaviel.”
The great scarlet dragon looked curious. “Tell me of this Damion. He is a sorcerer, is he not?”
Kariah couldn’t see the harm in answering the question. “Yes. He can perform very powerful magic. He can do almost anything! He can even change into different forms.” She smiled a bit whimsically. “He frightened me at first, but as soon as I was able to see passed his outer appearance, I realized that he has a big heart, and, of course, he is an amazing warrior. He is so large and strange looking, but....” She smiled. “He makes me feel safe and protected.”
“It sounds as though you love this human.” Tempest observed, leisurely scratching her scaled belly with one sharp talon.
“Love?” The elf maiden exclaimed. “That’s not possible. He and I could never be together.”
“And why is that? Because you are elven, and he is not?”
Kariah's face flustered with embarrassment. “Well...” She suddenly frowned, her face growing even redder. “I would really rather not discuss this.”
Tempest chuckled. “As you wish.” She stared at the girl closely. “You look hungry. Do you wish to eat?”
Kariah smiled, then nodded eagerly, suddenly realizing how hungry she was.
The dragon slowly rose and retrieved a large pack that leaned against the wall. She deposited it before the elf maiden, then settled back down. “You’ll find food and drink inside.”
The young girl rummaged through the pack for a moment, then produced some dried beef and a flask of cheap wine. She quickly ate her fill and washed down with the weak-tasting wine. “Thank you for the food. Dar was right when he said you were an honorable creature, worthy of respect.” She sighed. “I hope they can discover a way to stop Kaviel. The man is mad!”
Tempest chuckled deep in her chest. “I hope they can, too, but I fear there is little chance as long as that mangy dog possesses the gem.”
“Don’t underestimate Damion. He is unlike any man you have ever seen. He can do things others can only dream of. Dar once said that he had the blood of dragons flowing in his veins.”
This caught the dragon by surprise. “What?” She asked, her eyes widening with disbelief. “How is that possible? He is just a mere human.”
The elf maiden laughed. “Damion is no mere human. His mother was violated by dragonspawn while he was still in the womb. Their attack left its mark upon him. He is much larger and stronger than any normal human, and his magic is frighteningly powerful. He could probably level a mountain if he really wanted to.”
Tempest was quiet for several moments. “That is very interesting.” She grumbled thoughtfully. “Dragonspawn are distant cousins of the dragons, though we usually deny that fact. They were a result of some crazed magician’s experiment. He attempted to create his own breed of dragon, but he failed. The dragonspawn were the result. If what you say is true, he very well may have the blood of dragons flowing in his veins.”
“Like I said,” Kariah's face was a bit smug. “Don't underestimate Damion. If there is anyone that can stop Kaviel, it’s him.” Her expression grew curious. “How did Kaviel come to possess the Dragon Gem anyway? Dar said it had been lost centuries ago.”
Tempest snorted in disgust. “The bumbling idiot stumbled across it while looting the ruins of an old keep that had once belonged to a sorcerer named Balik.” The dragon's eyes flashed red with momentary anger. “Balik was the one who imprisoned the dragons inside of the gem. From what I have gathered from Kaviel's ramblings, he found it in an underground chamber, deep beneath the keep. He discovered that the gem possessed great power, and somehow managed to release me, only to place me in enslavement far worse than the gem.” She snarled angrily. “When he realized that he could control me with the gem, he forced me to reveal its secrets. When he learned of the Dragon Sword, he began to search all over for it. It is the key to the gem's power. He knew that if the gem’s full power could be unleashed, he’d be unstoppable. He forced me to destroy everything in his path in his search for the fabled blade.”
Kariah was horrified. “That’s terrible! The man must be insane!”
Tempest was silent for a moment, then asked. “Do you know how Damion came to possess the Dragon Sword?”
The girl smiled, then quickly described their encounter with the dwarven swordsmith, and how Damion recovered the sword from the troll clan.
“He destroyed an entire clan of trolls?” Tempest was clearly impressed. She suddenly sighed. “But the sword is no good without the gem.”
“Damion can still tap into the sword's power.” The girl informed the scarlet beast. “It may just give him the advantage he needs to stop Kaviel.”
Tempest heaved another great sigh. “Well, all we can do for now is wait for him to arrive.” She stretched her huge serpentine body across the cavern floor. “The scarred dog will be returning soon. We will continue our discussion later.”
Kariah agreed, then huddled against the stone wall, and closed her eyes wearily. She could only wait, hoping against hope, that her friends would arrive soon and put an end to this nightmare.

********

“The gods be damned!” Garth bellowed angrily, slipping in the mud at the edge of a stream. He cursed again, then carefully knelt to refill his flask. 
The grumbling dwarf had been having a considerable amount of trouble since joining the companions. So many commonplace things caused him unending trouble, but for some reason, he stubbornly refused to stop or give up. Since rescuing his betrothed, he was constantly tripping over himself in an effort to keep her safe from any further harm. He jumped at every sound or movement, his battle-axe held at the ready, and he refused to journey more than ten feet from her side. Now that he had her back, it was obvious that he wasn't going to allow her to be taken from him again.
Damion, Sly, and Dar watched the cursing dwarf in amusement as he nearly fell into the shallow stream, trying desperately to keep their worries about Kariah at bay. It had been five days since they had encountered the great scarlet dragon, and they had been wracked with worry the entire time. Damion had pushed the companions to the brink of exhaustion, desperately trying to catch up with the scarlet dragon, but he soon he realized that it was fruitless, and he finally relented, allowing Dar to take the lead.
It was near dusk the fifth day after the dragon’s attack when Dar had called for them to halt for the evening, and he and the others quickly set up camp. A heavy cloud of despair had lingered over the companions since losing Kariah, and they rarely spoke, preferring to keep their fears to themselves.
“How far did we travel today?” Damion asked as he lounged against the trunk of a tree. The silence was beginning to get to him, and he desperately needed to keep his mind away from the burning anger that raged inside.
“About thirty miles, but the next few miles are rather treacherous.” The childlike Alena replied as he put the last finishing touches on a stew he had whipped up from a variety of vegetables he gathered from the surrounding area. He ladled it into five different bowls, which he passed among the others. “There are hundreds of mud pits dotting the area ahead, and quicksand that can swallow a man on horseback in seconds. We will have to be very cautious as we pass through.”
“Why is it called the Endless Forest, anyway?” Garth asked as he shoveled a spoonful of stew into his mouth.
“The forest is immense, stretching for almost twelve hundred miles to the south.” He took a large bite of stew. “The forest is haunted, according to the legends of humans, and is inhabited by evil, supernatural creatures, ghosts, wraiths, and the like, who lay in wait ready to ambush anyone foolhardy enough to venture into the forest.” He snorted in amusement. “Of course, that's all quite ridiculous. The inhabitants of the forest have encouraged the rumors for centuries now in an effort to avoid any attempts to destroy or invade it.” He smiled. “In all actuality, it is a wonderfully pristine forest that is home to thousands of different creatures.” His face fell, taking on a distinctly sour look. “Humans have encountered some of these creatures in the past and killed many innocents, including many of my own people.”
Damion and Sly exchanged looks, then waited for Dar to continue.
“The inhabitants of the forest rose up and drove the humans away each time, though there were many losses. The humans finally gave up and began to avoid the forest, creating the legend.”
“At least we don't have to fear any curses.” Damion grunted. “What about the forest's inhabitants? Should we expect any trouble from them as we make our way towards the dragon's lair?”
The boy shook his head. “You seem to forget that this forest is my home. We should be able to reach the cavern without any difficulty.”
“What kind of creatures will we encounter?” Gretta asked, looking up from her bowl of stew.
“I doubt that we will encounter many creatures,” Dar replied reassuringly. “but we will have to try to avoid crossing paths with the harpies. They are a nasty bunch. And several ogres also roam the forest causing as much mayhem as they possibly can, but they can usually be avoided.”
“Harpies?” Sly exclaimed in disbelief. “I thought all of the harpies had been destroyed centuries ago!”
“Nay." The boy shook his head, then took another bite of his stew. "Many still survive and make their home in the forest. There are several flocks of the repulsive creatures living there, causing no end of trouble for the other inhabitants of the forest.” His face grew disgusted. “They'll eat almost anything, whether it is dead or not.”
“How long will it take us to reach the dragon's lair once we enter the forest?” Damion inquired.
Dar's face grew thoughtful. “At least two weeks. It's located in the center of the forest and is rather difficult to reach.”
“Is there a back way into the lair?”
The childlike Alena shook his head. “Nay. There's only one way in and out of the cavern. Tempest closed all other entrances to protect her horde of treasure.”
“Well, at least Kaviel won't be able to escape this time.” Sly growled grimly, drawing his sword and setting a whetstone to its edge.

**********

They set off at dawn, pushing their horses at an easy mile-consuming trot. That evening Dar called for a halt and dismounted. “We’ll lead the horses from here. Watch your step. What looks like solid ground often isn't in this area.”
They slowly began to follow the tiny Alena, being very careful to follow in his exact footsteps. It wasn't long before the large mud pits came into view. Geysers spewed towers of mud high into the air, showering the companions in hot muck as they passed, covering them from head to toe.
As they pushed on through the sludge, the sun set, and darkness fell. It grew very dark, and the stars above were obscured by a thick bank of clouds. Dar finally called for them to stop after one of the pack horses slipped into some quicksand. It somehow managed to scramble back to solid ground, where it stood trembling, its eyes wild with fear.
“We’re going to have to make camp until morning.” Dar announced with a worried expression. “It’s far too dangerous to keep blundering along in the dark with the horses.”
They quickly located a large muddy area that seemed to be solid enough, and Damion stepped forward, drawing in his magic and focusing it on the ground of the clearing. Steam suddenly began to rise from the ground as the moisture instantly began to evaporate. Soon, all the mud was completely dry.
Sly, Garth, and Gretta immediately began to set up camp, while Dar began to search for useable firewood.
Damion started to go aid in unloading the packs, but found himself, once again, unable to move his legs, his feet embedded deep in the suddenly solid mud. “Damn!” He swore in exasperation. “Not again!”
Snowfeather, who was perched atop Storm's broad back to keep from getting muddy, suddenly burst out in a fit squawking laughter. “It looks as though you're going to be there for quite a while!"
“Shut your beak.” He grumbled, blushing in embarrassment. “You’d look awful strange without feathers!” 
Garth wandered over, attracted by Snowfeather's squawking. Discovering Damion's predicament, he lapsed into his own fit of mocking laughter. “Again, Damion?” He snickered, the visible part of his face red with mirth. “I thought you would have already learned your lesson!”
Damion fixed the laughing dwarf with a dangerous look. “Unless you wish me to make all your hair fall out, I suggest you go help finish setting up camp.” He growled threateningly.
The chuckling dwarf immediately fell silent and covered his mud-caked beard protectively.
Damion gave the dwarf another irritated glance, then focused his magic once more and freed his feet from the dried mud. He stalked off to help search for firewood, Snowfeather's squawking laughter still trailing behind him.
After they set up camp, Damion sent Snowfeather off into the darkness to hunt for some dinner. The huge owl soon returned clutching two plump pheasants in its razor-like talons. Dar quickly set about making their dinner, building a small fire out of the meager supply of wood that they had been able to gather.
Once they had finished eating, they set up their bedrolls and stretched out to rest, trusting their safety to the snow owl's keen senses. 
A few hours had passed when Damion was awakened by Snowfeather's insistent hoots. “There are a dozen goblins moving this way!” He heard his familiar's silent voice. “I don't think that they know we are here, yet!”
Damion instantly rolled to his feet and drew the Dragon Sword from its sheath. He kicked Sly hard in his side, and then quickly began to pile dirt over the remains of their tiny fire. “We’ve got company!”
Sly woke the others, and then drew his sword, his sharp eyes carefully scanning the shadows.
“They’re coming!” Snowfeather warned with a loud squawk.
Damion warned the others, and then melted into the shadows to wait in ambush.
The goblins soon appeared from the darkness marching together up the trail, their concentrations focused on their path, obviously leery of the quicksand. They never even had a chance to react as the companions fell upon them from the darkness. Damion and the others cut them down easily, encountering virtually no resistance. As quick as it started, it was over. All the goblins lay dead at their feet with surprised looks on their piggish faces.
“That was fun!” Damion commented, wiping the foul-smelling blood from his sword. “I really needed to work off some aggression.” He smiled at Sly. “Too bad there weren’t a few more.”
“I would have preferred none at all.” The scruffy little man grunted plaintively.
Dar sniffed at the air, then made a face. “Let’s get rid of these bodies.” He gestured at the dead goblins. “If we don't, the smell will keep us awake all night.”
They dragged corpses to the closest mud pit and tossed them in, then returned to their bedrolls for some badly needed sleep.
It was early the next morning when they set off on their path, carefully leading the horses once more in effort to avoid falling victim to the quicksand. They were forced several times to detour around some of the larger mud pits that blocked their way, and geysers were continually showering them with steaming hot mud, but they pressed on relentlessly, and the edge of the forest finally came into view late that evening.
“That, my friends,” Dar announced, his voice throbbing with emotion. “is the Endless Forest. My home.” The boy’s eyes were swimming with tears.
“How long has been since you were last here?” Sly asked in a subdued voice.
Dar swallowed hard. “Over four hundred years.” He answered, his voice scarcely above a whisper.
“Well, this is promising to be one hell of a homecoming.” Damion laid a reassuring hand on the boy's shoulder. “Why don’t we go get the party started?”

**********

They reached the edge of the forest by dusk and quickly found a game trail that led deep into the undergrowth. It was quite dark inside of the forest, the thick canopy above blocking almost all light that tried to filter through. The childlike Alena once again took the lead, moving with a confidence the others had never seen in him before. It was obvious Dar was quite comfortable inside of the immense forest.
They pushed on through the thick underbrush, still leading the horses by their reins, until the darkness engulfed them completely. A sudden rumbling of thunder announced the coming of rain, forcing them to search for shelter from the coming storm, instead of setting up camp in the open.
Before long, Dar located a small cave that had been recently occupied by a bear. It was rather cramped inside of the cave with the horses, but it served its purpose and kept them dry. They had just finished setting up camp when the rain began to fall. They built a small fire to help to ward off the chill, then sat staring out into the darkness.
It was nearly autumn, and the rain that fell from the sky was ice cold against bare skin. They were all quite relieved that they had been able to find shelter before the storm released its fury.
“We really need to replenish our supplies.” Dar informed them, a bleak expression on his face as he rummaged through their packs. “We’re completely out of food. I can continue to forage as we go, but we really need fresh meat.”
Sly grunted, then looked at Damion. “Got any ideas?”
Damion sighed heavily, then rose to his feet. “I’ll be back.” He shifted into the form of a panther, then stepped out into the rain. He paused for a moment to give Sly a sour look as the cold rain instantly drenched him, then melted into the darkness with Snowfeather gliding silently above.
The forest was bursting with life, and it wasn't long before his keen sense of smell found the trail of a large buck that was silently feeding on some tender shoots of grass. It was quite large, with a huge rack of horns that bristled with sharp points. 
Letting his instincts take over, he silently crept up through the shadows, then burst forth, sinking his foreclaws deep into its back. Strong jaws locked like a vice around the thrashing stag's neck, and Damion suddenly tasted fresh blood as it flooded into his mouth. With a powerful wrench, he broke the buck’s neck with an audible snap, and thrashing creature fell limp.
“Good kill!” Snowfeather praised from the darkness above.
Damion bared his fangs in a smile. He had always enjoyed hunting with Snowfeather, and it was good to be able to get out and stretch his muscles a bit. He shifted back into his own form, then easily hoisted the dead buck onto his shoulders, and made his way back to the cave.
“Excellent work!” Sly exclaimed as Garth and Dar set about gutting and skinning the buck. “That stag will last us for the next week.”
“We’re going to have to be careful as we move through this part of the forest.” Dar told them as he began to cut strips of meat from the butchered animal. “We are close to the territory of one of the harpy flocks, and I’m sure that Kaviel has more of his minions scouring the forest in search of us.” He tossed several strips of meat into a frying pan, then sat it into the coals of fire.
Damion's stomach growled loudly as the smell of the cooking meat reached his nostrils. He couldn't remember the last time he had been so hungry.
Once the food had been cooked, and the rest of the stag had been butchered into smaller, more manageable pieces, they stretched out on their bedrolls to relax.
The ruffling of feathers announced Snowfeather's return from his hunt. He glided noiselessly into the cave and settled on a large stone next to Damion. “I feel so much better!” He shook the rain from his feathers. “This shower was just what I needed to wash that vile mud from my feathers!”
Damion snorted in amusement, then silently asked. “Did you see anything unusual?”
“Nay,” The ghostly owl replied, rearranging his freshly-cleaned feathers. “but that doesn't mean anything. There is an abundance of wildlife in this forest, and hundreds of places that can conceal just about anything. Who knows what’s out there.”
“Was there any sign of Kaviel or the dragon?”
“This forest is enormous. It could take me months to locate them in this place. It's huge!” He hopped onto Damion’s leg and gazed at him with large golden eyes. “I understand how you are feeling. I remember how it felt to lose my mate.”
“She isn't dead.” He snapped, causing Snowfeather to flinch. “She’s still alive, and we are going to save her!”
“You don't have to be so grouchy!” The snow owl hooted in a hurt tone. “I was just trying to be supportive!”
Damion sighed heavily. “I’m sorry. It's just that I feel so... helpless. I should have stopped them!” He pounded his fist against the cave wall, showering everyone with dust.
“Hey!” Sly complained. “How about not trying to bury us alive?”
Damion ignored him and continued to brood.
“If she is still alive,” Snowfeather continued, unfazed by his outburst. “then we will save her. And then you can finally put a stop to that madman's rampage once and for all.”
“You make it sound so easy. I have to face that dragon again, and I don't know if I can defeat it. Plus, I have to deal with the Dragon Gem. As long as Kaviel has it, he has a distinct advantage.”
“If anyone can stop him, it’s you.” The great snowy owl chirped confidently. “You can do things that no one else can, and you are far more intelligent than that scar-faced human. You also have the Dragon Sword. It seems to have the power to affect the beast.”
 “At least one of us is convinced that we can succeed.” Damion snorted humorlessly. “I just wish I had some of that confidence.”
Snowfeather fluffed his feathers in irritation. “I can't believe I just heard that! That human murdered your father and destroyed your village! Have you forgotten that? Have you forgotten the death and destruction that contemptible piece of dung has caused?”
“Of course, I haven't forgotten!” Damion answered angrily.
“Then quit feeling so sorry for yourself and do something about it! Make that human pay for what he has done!”
He stared at the wise owl for a moment. “You’re right.” He agreed finally. “I need to quit feeling sorry for myself and focus on the task at hand.”
“Great! Now that I am done with my pep talk, I think I'll go find something else to eat.” The huge owl launched himself into the air and disappeared out into the darkness.
Damion sat back in his bedroll and thought about what his feathery friend had said. He knew that Snowfeather was right, and he needed to formulate some sort of a plan, but he couldn't help but feel responsible for Kariah's abduction. The guilt was difficult to deal with and seemed to dominate his thoughts. He sighed morosely, then went back to staring moodily out into the darkness.
They set off early the next morning despite the drizzling rain that seeped through the thick canopy above. The moist earthy smell of the damp undergrowth was quite pleasant compared to the wretched stench of the Dead Swamp, which still seemed to linger with them.
“This forest is just bursting with life!” Sly marveled after startling a group of quail from their hiding place.
Dar chuckled. “That’s nothing. There are creatures in this forest that haven't been seen by man in hundreds of years.”
“What kind of creatures?” Gretta asked curiously.
“There are the centaurs, a fair number of giants, and even a cyclops.” His eyes twinkled in amusement. “There are even a fair number of wood nymphs that call this forest home.”
“Wood nymphs, you say?” Sly asked with interest. “I’ve heard many stories about the wood nymphs.”
“And most of those tales are probably true.” The tiny Alena assured him with a smile.
Sly suddenly blushed a violent red.
“What stories?” Damion asked curiously.
“Never mind.” The scruffy little man coughed uncomfortably.
“What about the centaurs?” Garth was breathing heavily as he trudged down the trail on his short, stubby legs. “Are they aggressive?”
“Nay. They are a peaceful race, although they are all amazingly proficient with longbows. Their skills are unrivaled.” He smiled sadly. “They are a very old, very wise race. They usually prefer to remain aloof from contact with the other races.” The childlike sprite shook his head. “We have nothing to fear from the centaurs. It's the giants that we should be concerned about. They are huge brutish creatures that will attack anything that moves. They’re extremely stupid and have no concept of fear. They will just keep attacking until they kill everything that breathes, or they themselves are killed. Nasty creatures, giants are.”
Garth's face went pale, and he gulped audibly.
The rain tapered away by the midafternoon, and the sun emerged from behind the storm clouds to shine, casting bright rays that turned a greenish-color as it filtered through the thick forest canopy. The forest seemed to be overflowing with life. Deer grazed in large groups on the abundance of vegetation and tender moss that covered every tree and rock. Numerous rabbits, many standing over four feet in height, darted across their path in flight, and tiny long-haired apes skipped nimbly through the treetops overhead howling in a strange hooting howl as they passed, warning everything in the vicinity of their location.
“I wish those things would quiet down.” Sly grumbled, his sharp eyes continually scanning the surrounding forest. “Those little beasts are alerting the entire forest to our location.”
“They are called howlers.” Dar stared up at the hairy little beasts and grinned. “They’re kind of the alarms of the forest. I'd forgotten about them.”
“Well, we really need to shut them up before they have every creature in this forest breathing down our necks.”
“Let me give it a try.” The tiny Alena stared up at the chattering creatures, then began hooting and barking in a strange piping voice. The tiny howlers suddenly fell silent and watched him with large curious eyes. He continued to hoot at them for several moments, then stopped, waiting in silence for the little creatures to react.
The tiny creatures stared at the companions for a moment longer, their huge liquid eyes unblinking, then, one by one, they disappeared into the treetops without another sound.
“What did you say to them?” Sly asked, clearly impressed.
“I haven't the faintest idea.” Dar laughed, shrugging his tiny shoulders.
They pushed on, following one of hundreds of game trails that crisscrossed through the undergrowth. Occasionally, they would glimpse silhouettes of larger creatures moving through the distant trees, but Dar seemed unconcerned as he continued to confidently lead them deeper towards the heart of the forest.
They continued moving for the next week without incident, until one night, after a long day of hard traveling, they made camp near the banks of a small clear stream. They built a small fire to push back the darkness, and then nestled down in their bedrolls to rest after a meal of leftover rabbit, which had been caught the previous evening.
It was almost midnight when Damion was awakened by Snowfeather, who glided down from the darkness and landed heavily on his chest.
“Damion, wake up! I think we are being watched!”
Damion groaned wearily, then rolled to his feet and reached for the Dragon Sword. “Where?” He asked in a whisper.
“I don't know.” The ghostly white owl chirped, obviously disconcerted. “I can't seem to find them, but I know that they are there.”
Damion had learned to trust Snowfeather's instincts long ago, so he carefully began to draw the Dragon Sword from its sheath, but stopped when he realized it was glowing brightly. “Damn!” He quickly replaced it in its sheath it so not to provide a beacon for all to see. He kicked the others awake, then quietly stared out into the darkness, his keen eyes searching for any sign of movement.
Everyone quietly rose and drew their weapons, their instincts kicking in. The companions were quite used to the late-night encounters now and reacted instantly whenever danger was perceived.
After several long, tense minutes, Damion began to grow frustrated, knowing that they were still being watched. “We know you are there, Kaviel!” He bellowed finally. Sly groaned, but Damion ignored him. He decided that he was not going to play this game any longer. “I am going to catch you, Kaviel!” He continued, his voice trembling with fury. “I’m going to make you pay for what you have done! You are a dead man!” Blood pounded through his veins as his anger took control, and he began to shake violently.
An evil laugh suddenly echoed through the forest, sending chills running down their spines. “Not if I kill you first!” A gravelly voice mocked from the darkness.
The forest was suddenly alive with dark figures that burst forth from the shadows, rushing at them from all directions. There was a sudden squeal of anger as one of the dark figures drew near the horses, then they heard a heavy thump as Storm lashed out with both hind legs, crushing a dragonspawn's chest, and sending it soaring back into the darkness.
Damion cursed loudly, then unsheathed the Dragon Sword. He flinched in surprise as the blade suddenly burst into white flames, lighting up the entire area, but quickly recovered and cut down four goblins with four powerful strokes. He easily parried a clumsy blow from a rusty sword, and removed the head of the offending dragonspawn, then stepped back as nearly a dozen more of the scaly creatures ran up brandishing a variety of rust-covered blades.
He scowled angrily, then drew in his magic. At the last moment, he remembered to moderate his power to compensate for the Dragon Sword, then began to hurl blazing balls of pure energy that he formed out of thin air. They streaked through the darkness, striking the charging dragonspawn in their broad scaly chests, and hurling them backwards with great smoking voids replacing what was once flesh and bone.
He caught a momentary glimpse of Sly as he parried a wild swing from a goblin and skillfully drove the point of his sword deep into its throat, then was forced to return his attention to the remaining dragonspawn. He easily cut them down, then was stopped short from searching for Kaviel by a sudden cry of pain from Garth, and a scream of horror from Gretta. He turned to see the dwarves fighting off three goblins. Garth had a rusty dagger buried deep in his back, but was doing his best to keep the beasts at bay.
Damion roared in anger, then charged forward. He drove the Dragon Sword deep into one of the creature's chests, then kicked a second in the face, crushing its skull and driving fragments of bone up into its brain. The goblin fell twitching to the ground as he beheaded the third with a powerful backhand swing of the flaming sword.
He caught Garth as the dwarf fell, and gently laid him the face down on the ground. “Don’t move!” He warned cautiously. “We don't want the dagger to do any more damage!”
Dar dashed over to their side to help. “I’ll take care of him!” The tiny Alena quickly began to tear strips of cloth from his tunic, and carefully tried to stem the flow of blood. “Go finish taking care of those creatures!”
Damion nodded, then returned to the fray, his fury doubled. He fell about the remaining dragonspawn and goblins with a frightening ferocity, his eyes blazing a fiery-red in the darkness. The creatures fell back in terror, and several tried to run, but one by one, they all fell to his wrath.
When all the creatures lay dead at his feet, he scoured the area for Kaviel. After a few long moments, the Dragon Sword's fire began to diminish until it was completely extinguished. He cursed fiercely, then returned to the camp where Sly, Dar, and Gretta were caring for Garth. “How is he?” He asked worriedly, concerned for the welfare of his dwarven companion.
“He’s lost a lot of blood,” Dar answered, carefully putting a bandage over the dwarf's wound. “but it looks worse than it actually is. It's a lucky thing our friend here has a bit of extra flab, or it would have been much worse.”
“I sure don't feel lucky.” Garth grumbled, wincing in pain.
“Will he be able to travel?”
Dar's expression grew grave. “Only for short distances at a time. I know of a centaur village about ten miles from here. They will be able to heal him far better than I ever could.”
“Let’s get moving, then.” Sly stooped to help the dwarf to his feet, but was shoved away.
“I can do it myself.” The dwarf grumbled stubbornly. He slowly pushed himself to his feet, then stood wobbling unsteadily. “Just give me a second to catch my breath.” He was breathing heavily, and what was visible of his face was deathly pale. Gretta hovered at his side, her eyes full of concern.
“How do you think Kaviel found us?” Sly asked Damion seriously.
"He must have used the Dragon Gem.” Damion answered grimly. “The sword and gem appear to react to one another's presence. He must have discovered this and used it to locate us.”
“That means he can locate us any time he wishes.” The scruffy little man's expression was worried. “That’s going to make things more difficult for us.”
“But it also works to our advantage.” Dar pointed out. “As long as we have the sword, he can never sneak up on us.”
Damion grunted, then began gathering their packs. “Let’s get moving before he returns with reinforcements.”

Chapter 14

Kariah was awakened suddenly by a sharp, painful blow to her ribs that lifted her completely off the ground. She landed roughly on the stone floor, the breath completely knocked from her lungs. She looked up in fear and saw Kaviel standing over her, his face mottled with rage. She stared up at him fearfully as she struggled to breathe.
“Who is that warrior?” He screamed in fury. “Where did he come from?” He grabbed the elf maiden by her hair and slammed her hard into the stone wall. “That freak has blocked my every attempt to retrieve my sword!” Veins bulged from the madman's forehead, and flecks of saliva flew from his mouth as he screamed. He grabbed her by the throat and squeezed, cutting off her air supply. “You know more than you are telling me, elven wench! Now tell me who he is, or I will make you wish you had never been born!”
“I-I already t-told you everything that I-I know!” She choked, gasping for breath.
Kaviel snarled angrily, then slapped her hard across her face. “I know that you are lying! Tell me now, or you will die!”
Kariah looked away, steeling herself for death, and remained silent.
“His name is Damion.” Tempest's deep voice boomed throughout the cavern. “He is a warrior, and a very powerful sorcerer. You made the mistake of killing his father. Now, he's come to repay the favor.”
Kaviel whirled around and gazed at the huge serpent, releasing his grip on Kariah. “How is it that you know this?” He demanded suspiciously.
The scarlet dragon sneered at him in contempt. “I have my ways. You murdered his father in the Godstear Mountains, then forced me to destroy his home village.” Tempest's eyes flashed a fiery-red. “And now he's come to take his revenge.”
The scar-faced man ignored the beast's veiled threat. “What else do you know of this freak?”
Tempest stared at him dangerously for a long moment. “His magic is far more powerful than any sorcerer that has ever lived, and as long as he carries the Dragon Sword, he is nearly unstoppable.” The huge dragon sneered again. “He is the one who is going to put a stop to all of your plans!”
“You would like that, wouldn't you?” Kaviel bellowed angrily. He was quiet for moment. “What do you know of the others that travel with the freak?” He asked after a moment.
Tempest glared at him hatefully, and slammed her powerful tail against the cavern wall, reducing part of it to rubble. She stared at him menacingly for several long moments, and then finally answered. “The human is a master swordsman who trained the huge warrior."
“Yes.” Kaviel's face took on a look of pure loathing. “Gabriel Quickhand. I know of him.” He unconsciously put a hand to the jagged scar that crossed his face.
“The dwarves are from the caverns to the north,” The scarlet beast sighed heavily, and then continued. “The child is not a child at all. His name is Dar, and he is one of the Alena, a powerful race of childlike sprites that have lived in this forest long before the humans ever made their way to this land.” She smiled a smug smile. “You have made some very powerful enemies. They fully intend to cut your life short if they get their hands on you.”
Kaviel began cursing violently. “I have to have that sword!” He began to tear at his face with dirty nails. “Without it, I cannot fulfill my plans!” He suddenly stopped, staring down at Kariah, who lay at his feet trembling. A slow calculating smile crept across his face. “I still have his elven wench, though. He will not try anything stupid as long as I have her.”
Tempest fixed him with a contemptuous gaze. “You have already murdered his father, destroyed his village, kidnapped his friend, and tried to kill him! Do you really think threatening her life is going to keep him from ripping you apart when he finally gets his hands on you?” She snorted in amusement, and large puffs of smoke billowed from her nostrils. “You are a bigger fool than I thought!”
Kaviel considered her words carefully. “Perhaps you're right. Maybe I should give this more thought.” He turned and quickly left the cavern, a worried expression on his face.
Kariah watched as he stalked away, her mind whirling. It was obvious to her now that Kaviel wasn't quite as intelligent as the others may think. She struggled to her feet, then stared at Tempest with hurt eyes. “You betrayed me!” She was trembling with anger. “You told him about the others! How could you do that? I thought you were on our side!”
The huge dragon gave her a sad look. “I had to tell him. He would have killed you. It was the only way I could stop him. I have no power to lash out against him.” She smiled slightly. “And I just helped your friends. Now that he knows what he's going up against, Kaviel's going to get nervous. Nervous men make mistakes. Perhaps he will give your friends the opportunity that they need to stop him.”
“What are the plans that he spoke of?” She asked, still suspicious.
“He is gathering an army of those wretched dragonspawn and cowardly goblins and is building a wall just outside of this cavern. He plans to use this place as his main center of power once he gets the sword and releases my brethren. From here, he plans to conquer the world.”
“Why do those creatures follow him?”
Tempest sighed. “The goblins are here out of fear. If they didn't, Kaviel would have me destroy them. The dragonspawn are here because of me. They look upon true dragons like gods. They would willingly follow any real dragon anywhere, even to certain death.” She shook her huge head sadly, then settled back down to the cold stone floor and closed her eyes.
Kariah settled into a pile of coins, then shifted about until she was comfortable. “Why don't you just accidentally drop him next time he is flying atop your back?”
“I wish it were that easy.” The great beast opened one eye. “The Dragon Gem will not allow me to harm him in any way. As long as he possesses the stone, I am helpless to harm him.” She sighed, then closed her eye once more.
It was less than an hour later when Kaviel reappeared, accompanied closely by a large vicious-looking dragonspawn. “You made yourself at home awful quickly.” He sneered, staring at Kariah in disgust.
“You didn't give me much of a choice.” She replied coldly.
The scar-faced man laughed cruelly, then ordered the dragonspawn to stand guard, but not to harm her. He then climbed atop the dragon's broad shoulders and ordered her out of the cavern.
Kariah watched in silence as they disappeared through the cavern's opening, then looked at the dragonspawn, who stood staring at her with a menacing expression. After a while, it grew bored and settled against a large pile of coins, its back to the harmless elf maiden. It was obvious that it didn't consider her any kind of a threat.
She sighed again, then began to look around. Her eyes fell upon the handle of a large jeweled dagger protruding from a pile of coins. “My dagger!” She gasped aloud, and then suddenly looked away innocently as the dragonspawn's head whipped around to stare at her suspiciously. It watched her with hungry eyes for several long moments, then it finally turned back around and returned to gazing out of the opening of the cavern.
She breathed a silent sigh of relief, then silently edged over and carefully pulled it from the coins. Moving as quietly as she could, she pulled it from its sheath and tried to slip from her bed of golden coins, but a number of them suddenly cascaded to the stone floor with a loud jingle. 
The dragonspawn jumped to its feet and spotted the dagger clenched tightly in her tiny hand. It snarled angrily, then charged, not bothering to draw its rusty sword.
She lashed out with the dagger just as the beast fell upon her, and the blade plunged deep into its chest. It stiffened suddenly, a look of disbelief in its eyes, then it went limp, knocking her hard to the floor and pinning her legs beneath its massive weight.
It took her several minutes to roll creature's body off her legs, then, after taking a moment to catch her breath, she rose to her feet and pulled her dagger from its chest. She hesitated for a moment, trembling with fear and covered in blood. A foul stench was filling the cavern, and she was forced to concentrate very hard in an effort not to vomit.
Ignoring the wave of panic that threatened to overcome her, she cautiously made her way to the cavern's opening and peered out. The clearing outside of the cavern was a flurry of activity as hundreds of goblins and dragonspawn mingled amongst one another in large groups. A huge bonfire burned in the center of the clearing, providing light for the hundreds of human, elven, and dwarven slaves who labored to build an enormous stone wall that surrounded the area around the cavern’s entrance.
It was immediately obvious that it was hopeless to try and make her way through the clearing, so she quietly moved away from the entrance, her mind racing. She began to look around the cavern desperately, and her eyes fell upon a glimmer of light that was coming from the wall that Tempest had collapsed with her tail. She moved closer and carefully peered through the small opening. It led directly into the forest and appeared to be unguarded by Kaviel’s minions.
Her heart nearly leapt from her chest as she saw her chance for escape. She quickly scurried over and grabbed the pack of food and the flask of cheap wine, then carefully squeezed through the opening in the wall, and with one last look at the cavern behind her, she dashed into the forest. She moved as quickly as she could, not concerned on which direction that she was moving. She just wished to put as much distance between herself and the clearing as possible. She continued fleeing until well after darkness fell, groping through the undergrowth blindly until she finally collapsed at the edge of a stream, too exhausted to move any further. She began to drink deeply, thankful for the coolness of the water against her skin.
When she had finally finished drinking her fill and catching her breath, she sat back on gravelly bank in exhaustion. She was fairly certain that she hadn't been seen and hoped it would be quite a while before she was discovered missing.
Suddenly, a strong hand clamped firmly over her mouth, preventing a scream. She began to kick and punch blindly as she groped hopelessly for her dagger.
“Calm thyself, little one.” A soft, but deep voice murmured in her ear. “I am here to lend thee aid.”
The gentle calmness the soft voice caused her to stop her thrashings. She slowly began to relax, and the hand was removed from her mouth. She turned to confront her captor, her hand still on her dagger.
A large bare-chested man stood before her, staring at her with bright blue eyes. He stood nearly seven feet tall, with a boyish face, and long golden hair that flowed down his back like a horse's mane. After a moment, she realized with a start that he was only half-human. Although he was completely human in appearance from the waist up, from the waist down he had the thickly muscled body of a stallion. He carried a long bow in one hand as he stared down at her with a calm expression.
“Y-You're a centaur!” She exclaimed in disbelief.
“Thou art observant.” The centaur murmured softly. He continued to stare at her with a calm expression. “I am called K'thar.”
She stared at him with suspicion. “What do you want with me?”
The centaur smiled an open, friendly smile. “I spotted thee escaping the dragon's lair.” He pawed at the ground with one powerful foreleg. “I followed to offer mine aid in thy escape.”
“You want to help me?” Her face was distrustful. “Why would you want to help me?”
The centaur smiled again. “Anyone that is an enemy of that scar-faced human is a friend of the centaurs.” He knelt to allow her to mount him. “Climb aboard, mine elven friend. We shalt depart to mine village. Thou wilt be safe within its sanctuary.”
After only a moment's hesitation, she climbed atop the creature’s back and clamped her arms about its waist. The centaur waited long enough for her to make herself comfortable, then burst into a trot, moving through the thick undergrowth of the forest with very little effort, and melting into the shadows without a sound.

**********

The companions were stopped on the banks of a wide, swift-flowing river. They had been moving slowly in an effort not to exhaust Garth, who stubbornly refused help from the others. The stocky dwarf plodded along on his sturdy legs with amazing resilience, refusing to stop to rest, and complaining loudly that they were moving too slow. The loss of blood had turned his face a ghostly pale and his breathing had become ragged, but he still steadfastly refused any aid. When they finally stopped at the banks of the stream, he collapsed in a heap, completely exhausted.
“He cannot keep this up much longer.” Dar said worriedly, watching Garth closely. “He’s lost a lot of blood and refuses any help. Thankfully, the poultice I've covered his wound with will prevent any infection and help prevent further bleeding, but if he keeps pushing himself this hard, he's going to kill himself.”
Damion sighed, shaking his head. “Let’s let him rest for a while. If he gets any worse, we will force him to ride on one of the horses.” He turned to gaze at the swift-flowing river. “How do you suggest we cross? It's too deep, and the current is much too strong for the horses.”
“There is a place we can cross about a mile downstream.” Dar answered, still concerned with the dwarf's injuries. “The river isn't quite as deep there, and the current is not so swift.”
“How much farther is it to the centaur village?” Garth grumbled loudly. He had crawled to the river's edge and begun splashing water on his face.
“About two miles, once we have crossed the river.” Dar answered. “We should be able to reach it by dusk.”
The dwarf groaned, then sighed heavily. “Let’s get moving, then.” He slowly pushed himself to his feet, then turned and set off with Gretta hovering in concern a few steps behind.
The others exchanged worried glances, then followed.
They reached the shallow area of the river and crossed it with little difficulty. Garth continued to trudge along determinedly, his face growing paler with each step. Finally, the sturdy dwarf could go no further, and he collapsed to the ground unconscious.
Gretta let out a frightened squeal and rushed to his side.
“Damn stubborn dwarf!” Dar cursed, running over to join the dwarf maiden. He checked the dwarf's pulse, then breathed a sigh of relief. “He’s still alive! He’s just pushed himself too hard.”
Damion carefully lifted the unconscious dwarf and placed him across his pony's back. “Just lead the way. I'll make sure he doesn't fall and land on his thick head.”
They kept moving until they came to a well-worn trail, then followed it until they finally came upon a large wooden fence that blocked their way. There was an open gate in the center of the wall leading into a clearing beyond, but they were forced to stop as two large centaurs stepped from the shadows on either side of the trail holding long bows that were drawn and leveled at their chests.
“Halt!” One of them, a large male with the body of a palomino, commanded in a deep voice. “Thou shalt not proceed any further.”
Dar gestured for them to stop, then stepped forward and spoke quietly with the burly centaur.
“I cannot believe that there are centaurs still alive in this world!” Sly murmured, watching the creatures in fascination. “I have heard many legends about them, but I always thought that they were only that, legends!”
Dar continued to talk quietly with the centaurs, and then finally came back to the others, his expression relieved. “They’ll allow us to enter. Luckily, I knew many of their ancestors, and I am still remembered by many of their elders. They'll be able to help Garth. Their healers are very skilled.”
They passed through the huge gate and continued into the clearing. The pair of centaurs that had blocked their way stared at Damion as he passed with wide, curious eyes. He was surprised to see that there wasn't any sign of fear or hostility in their gazes, only innocent curiosity. The large palomino that had first blocked their way locked eyes with Damion and smiled a friendly smile. He returned the smile, somewhat reassured by the centaur's calm and friendly demeanor.
The large clearing beyond the fence had a number of huts that were open at the front, with sliding doors that rolled easily aside to allow the centaurs to move around freely. Dozens of centaurs stood around the clearing staring at them curiously as they moved into the camp.
Dar quickly ran over and spoke with an elderly-looking centaur that trotted forward to meet the childlike Alena. They spoke together quietly for a moment, then Dar quickly motioned for the others to join them.
“This is the clan elder, Ket Matoc.” Dar informed them. He looked to the elderly centaur. “Allow me to present my friends, Lord Damion Omensent of Sevria, and Gabriel Quickhand, Master Swordsman.”
They both bowed respectfully to the elderly centaur. 
“Our unconscious friend over there is Prince Garth Stonecrusher, son of Tarok Stonecrusher, King of the Dwarves, and his betrothed Gretta.
The elderly centaur nodded to each companion in turn, then stood in silence, quietly watching them with wise assessing eyes. After a long moment, the elderly centaur turned back to Dar, a smile on his wizened face. “Stories hath long been passed among mine people about thee, Dar of the Alena.” His voice was formal, and his speech archaic. “Mine grandfather held thee in the highest regard. Long have mine people pondered thy fate.”
Dar's face was sad. “I left following the dragons on their final flight to their imprisonment. I have searched all these years for some way to release them without success.” His face brightened. “But now, a dragon has returned, and their prison, the Dragon Gem, has reemerged into the world once again!”
Ket Matoc nodded, his face grave. “So, thy intention is to follow the dragon in search of the fabled gem. But what wilt thou do once thy art face to face with the beast? Who hast the power to face a dragon?”
“I do.” Damion stated firmly. “I will stop the dragon, and the madman that is controlling it.”
“Have thy truly such power as to contend with such a mighty beast?” The elderly creature’s eyes burned into Damion's, seeming to stare into his very soul. After several long moments, the centaur smiled gently, and nodded his wizened head. “Aye, I believe that thou mayst, in fact, have the power to face the dragon. Thy aura is strong, and power doth seem to vibrate from thy very core!” The old centaur nodded once more. “Aye,” He said again. “thou hast the power. Thou could succeed against the dragon, but what of the scar-faced human and the Dragon Gem? How wilt thou overcome their power?”
Damion drew the Dragon Sword from its sheath. “With this.” He answered simply.
The old centaur gasped. “The Dragon Sword!” He put a trembling hand to his chest. “It hast always believed to have been lost!”
Several of the other centaurs overheard their elder’s words and trotted over to get a closer look at the mythical sword.
“With this sword,” Damion announced confidently. “I will stop the dragon and make Kaviel pay dearly for his misdeeds.”
Ket Matoc quickly regained his composure. “Thy discovery is most fortuitous! Thy sword may indeed bless thee with the power needed to face the Dragon Gem!”
“So, you’ve seen Kaviel?” Sly asked. “Here in the forest?”
The elderly creature nodded. “Aye. He hast taken refuge here in this forest, bringing with him a great number of vermin. He doth dwell in a cavern that once belonged to a dragon, in the very heart of the forest.”
“Tempest’s lair.” Dar said. “Kaviel must have needed a place safe from attack, and she took him there.”
“He hast been gathering an army of foul creatures to his side. They brought with them hundreds of slaves that they art forcing to cut down the trees around the cavern and erect a large wall around the lair. Our warriors have killed as many of the disgusting creatures that they could, but there art far too many for them to drive off alone.”
“How much further is it to the dragon's lair?” Sly inquired.
“Two days hard riding. But thou hast to contend with dozens of parameter guards that art all around the clearing. It is very difficult to reach the lair unseen.”
A loud thump drew their attention to Garth, who had slid from his pony and crashed to the ground in a small hairy heap. He raised his head for a moment and looked around, a dazed look in his eyes, then lapsed back into unconsciousness.
Damion sheathed the Dragon Sword, then went over and lifted the limp dwarf into his arms. “Our friend was injured while fighting some goblins and dragonspawn and was too stubborn to allow us to help him. He has lost a lot of blood.”
Two centaurs trotted up immediately and took the dwarf away. “We wilt care for him.” One of them, a great brute with a body the color of onyx, assured Damion. “We shalt have him back on his feet in no time.” He turned and trotted away with Gretta trailing along behind with a concerned expression on her face.
“Do not worry for thy friend.” Ket Matoc moved over to Damion’s side and patted him gently on the shoulder. “He dost reside in the best of hands.”
“Which brings us to our next problem.” Sly said his scruffy face concerned. “As long as the Dragon Sword remains in this village, it isn't safe. Kaviel can use the Dragon Gem to track us here and kill everyone.”
“That’s true.” Damion agreed grimly. “We can’t remain here.”
“Mine friends, I hast some knowledge of another clearing a couple of miles from here that thy may find acceptable.” One of the centaurs who had trotted up to gaze at the Dragon Sword offered. “It should be close enough to await thy friend to recover, yet far enough from the village as not to bring any harm to mine fair people.”
“That will do for now," Damion agreed. "but if Garth is too badly injured, we may have to leave him in your care while we continue without him.”
Sly winced. “He won't like that.”
Dar nodded gravely. “He would never forgive us. Let's give him a day or so. He's as tough as nails and wasn't injured that badly.” He made a face. “Besides, I don't really want to have to listen to him if he misses out on all of the fun.”
They made camp that night in the clearing a few miles from the village and settled down to plan their next move.
“What are we going to do about the dragonspawn and goblins?” Dar asked, piling wood onto the fire. “I don't think that even Damion could face a thousand of those creatures alone. We are going to need some help.”
“What about the centaurs?” Sly asked. “Won’t they help?”
Dar shook his head. “There is only a few hundred of their kind left. They would be far too outnumbered. They won't risk the extinction of their species.”
Damion thought quietly for a moment. “What about a distraction? If they were to distract the dragonspawn and goblins long enough to allow me to slip into the camp, they could just disappear back into the forest and avoid any direct confrontations.”
Dar was silent as he considered this idea. “It sounds promising.” He said finally. “They are eager to be rid of the creatures, and if they can help without endangering themselves, I'm sure that they will.”
They finally decided to turn in, spreading out their bedrolls near the fire to ward off the chill. Dar volunteered to stand watch while Snowfeather took the opportunity to disappear into the darkness of the forest to hunt, but the childlike sprite promised to wake Damion if he grew tired.
The freckle-faced boy sat against a tree, happy to be home after so many years. The familiar sounds of the forest echoed through the night, bringing back a welter of fond memories. He had spent nearly half of his life in this forest, and to be gone from his home for so long had been painful. He had been gone for over four hundred years, ever since the night the dragons were enslaved. He had searched the entire world for his friends and for the man who enslaved them, but he never found any trace of his ancient friends.
After searching endlessly, he finally uncovered an old journal in a library in the town of Crete that had been recovered in the remains of an old keep. The journal had been written by a young elf that was an apprentice to a very powerful dark sorcerer and detailed the steps that had to be taken to enslave the dragons inside of a gem. When the gem was combined with its counterpart, a sword that was made to be the key to releasing the gem's magic, it would provide the one who possessed it unlimited power and complete control over the dragons. He had searched the world for the gem and sword, but they never surfaced.
“And now I am home.” He sat back and stared up at the sky. After a while, a gentle glow drew his attention to the Dragon Sword, which lay at Damion's side, glowing with a dim pulsating light that shown through its jeweled sheath. It took him a moment to react, and then he quickly sprang into action. “Damion! Damion!" He kicked the warrior hard in the ribs. "Wake up!”
“Ow!” Damion sat up rubbing his side. “What...” He fell silent as he spotted the sword pulsating with an eerie light. He instantly leapt to his feet and covered the sword to prevent it from being spotted, then roughly shook Sly awake. “Get the horses and get into the forest and out of sight!” He commanded with an evil gleam in his eyes. “I’m going to get him this time!”
Dar and Sly quietly led the horses deeper into the forest while Damion piled more wood onto the fire. He then melted silently into the shadows to await his prey. Within a few short minutes, the enormous dragon appeared overhead, blocking most of the stars in the sky from sight. It circled silently over the clearing, watching their camp closely.
Damion could clearly see Kaviel riding atop the beast’s broad shoulders and forced himself to remain calm and await the perfect moment to strike. He watched as they silently glided lower, preparing to attack the empty campsite, then drew his magic about him, and sent blazing bolt of energy blasting through the air.
At the very last second, the dragon veered away, and the bolt of energy merely grazed its shoulder. It exploded on impact, hurling the dragon through the air, and throwing Kaviel violently from its shoulders. He fell screaming to the ground and landed hard in a grove of thorn bushes where he lay stunned, moaning pitifully.
Damion was on him in instant, bursting from the shadows and sprinting towards his fallen enemy with a murderous gleam in his eyes. Kaviel was desperately trying to struggle to his feet when the huge warrior crashed into him, hurling the scar-faced man hard into the trunk of a tree.
All the anger and frustration that Damion had been feeling for so long finally came to a boiling point, and he fell upon the stunned man in a towering fury. He began to pummel man in the ribs with powerful punches that cracked and shattered bones with every blow.
Kaviel squealed in pain, and desperately tried to escape the vicious onslaught, but was unable to get away as another blow crushed his nose.
Damion continued his attack, fully intending on torturing the man for as long as he possibly could before he finished him off.
Tempest regained control and began to circle the clearing slowly. The bolt of energy had taken her by surprise, but only stunned her momentarily. She realized Kaviel might have easily been killed if not for her quick reflexes. She cursed herself for not seizing the opportunity to be done with the madman, then searched for the area where the scar-faced man had landed. She spotted him being beaten senseless by the warrior Kariah had called Damion. He was struggling with Kaviel, raining down bone-jarring blows with a frightening ferocity, seeming fully intent on beating the scar-faced man to death with his bare hands.
Kaviel managed to get one hand loose, then reached into his robe and grasped the Dragon Gem. “Help me!” He screamed in an almost womanly voice. “Use your fire!”
Tempest hesitated. “But...”
“Do it!” He screamed again, trying to fend off more crushing blows.
The great scarlet beast shrugged. “Whatever you say. I tried to warn you!” She drew in a deep rumbling breath, then released an enormous bellow of flames that struck the ground a few feet from where the men struggled.
Damion was hurled through the air by the tremendous force of the dragon's flames, which licked at his face and exposed skin with that same strange gentle tingling. He hit the ground hard, but was back on his feet instantly, prepared to renew his attack.
Kaviel also had been tossed through the air by the explosion, but he had been injured even further by the searing flames, which had burned every inch of exposed flesh on his body. He rose to his feet in a daze, his tattered clothes smoking alarmingly, and began to sob in pain as he struggled to get away.
Damion rushed towards him, fully intending on finishing the job, but Tempest crashed to the ground between them and lashed out with her razor-sharp talons, forcing him to dive for cover.
In an instant, Kaviel scrambled on top of her shoulders, and the dragon launched itself back into the air, where it quickly disappeared into the night sky.
Sly and Dar emerged from the forest and ran to Damion, who had dived behind a tree to avoid the dragon’s claws. They tried to help him to his feet, but he shook them off angrily. “Where is he?” He demanded in a rage, his eyes still gleaming in fury.
“They’re gone.” Sly informed him. “But you sure beat him senseless. I've never heard a man scream like a woman before. I rather enjoyed it!” He laughed a cruel, heartless laugh.
Damion roared a continuous stream of obscenities in frustration.
“I’m rather surprised that he survived that lynching.” Dar remarked offhandedly, ignoring Damion’s fit of rage. “I’ve never seen a man beaten so severely!”
Damion continued to stalk about in a rage until he was finally able to bring himself under control. “I can't believe I let him get away again!” He snarled in frustration. “I finally had him in my grasp, and I allowed him to escape!”
“At least you were able to give him a taste of what he can look forward to when you next meet.” Dar said with a smile on his boyish face. “I don't think he will want to come within ten miles of you ever again!”
Damion sighed, then settled back down on his bedroll. “We may as well get some rest. It's pretty safe to say that he will not return tonight.”
Everyone stretched out to sleep, unaffected by the brief battle. They had long grown accustomed to these minor skirmishes that always seem to arise and had learned not to waste what little time they had to rest.
Sometime later, Snowfeather appeared from the darkness with a large rabbit clenched in his talons. He landed softly next to Damion, jarring him awake with the smack of one wing, and dropped the dead hare on the ground proudly.
“You wouldn't believe how great the hunting is in this forest!” He chirped happily. “I’ve gorged so much that I couldn't eat another bite!” He stared at the dead rabbit for a moment, and then greedily ripped into its belly. “It is such a clear and beautiful night! So peaceful and serene!”
“Oh, would you shut up?” Damion snapped harshly.
Snowfeather fluffed his feathers indignantly. “Well! You don't have to be so nasty!” The snowy owl chattered angrily. “You act as though something is wrong! It's not like Kaviel showed his face, and then got away again!” He joked, unaware of the events that had transpired earlier.
Damion groaned, then rolled back over and covered his face with one arm, trying futilely to fall back to sleep.


Chapter 15

Kaviel soared through the sky high above the forest riding atop Tempest's shoulders moaning in pain. He was very relieved to have escaped the huge warrior, but not before the half-crazed freak had given him the most savage beating of his life! His entire body was bruised and battered, and one eye was swollen completely shut. He was covered in hundreds of cuts and gashes from his hard landing in the thorn-covered bushes, and still had a number of the thorns lodged deep in his backside. His lower back sent a fresh wave of pain through his body every time the dragon beat her wings. His skin was blistered and cracked from the blast of dragon fire, and nearly all the hair had been singed from his body. Every nerve ending in his body was on fire, and it took all his will to keep from passing out.
He moaned in pain, then gingerly touched his ribs and winced. He cursed venomously, and then carefully felt his nose which had swollen to over twice its normal size and was now crooked and discolored. He groaned again, then tried to figure out had had went wrong.
The Dragon Gem had been able to locate the strange warrior and his companions, and he was only planning to observe their activities to find some sort of weakness when there was an explosion, and he suddenly found himself falling through the air. He landed hard in that bed of tiny knives, and the next thing he knew, the warrior materialized from the shadows and began laying into him with ferocity unlike anything he had ever seen!
He just couldn't figure out how the warrior called Damion knew that they were circling silently overhead. He had been careful to make sure they flew high enough to remain hidden from view, but, somehow, he was still discovered. It was almost as though they knew he was coming!
Tempest returned to her lair, and he slid from her shoulders, landing heavily on the cavern floor. He immediately spotted the dead dragonspawn that lay sprawled in a puddle of its own blood. “Where is she?” He snarled, peering around the cavern with his one good eye. “Gone! She's gone!” He raged in disbelief. He turned and stared at Tempest. “Where is she? Where is the girl?”
Tempest settled herself comfortably on cold stone floor. “I haven't any idea. I was with you, remember?”
He screamed in frustration, causing several of the blisters on his face to burst. He whimpered in pain, then threw her a hateful look. “I should send you back where you came from! You nearly killed me with your flames!”
“I tried to warn you.” The enormous dragon protested, struggling not to laugh.
“Shut up!” He bellowed furiously. “Damned overgrown iguana!” Several more blisters burst, and he suddenly went pale as a fresh wave of pain washed over his senses.
Tempest grinned wickedly, then laid her massive head against the stone floor and quickly fell asleep.

**********

Kariah awoke in a soft bed of leaves with sunshine streaming through canopy above and falling upon her face. She rubbed her eyes sleepily and looked around, trying to remember exactly what happened, then the events of the previous night suddenly came rushing back to her, and a wave of panic broke over her. The sound of hoof beats behind her made her jump fearfully, and she scrambled to her feet, ready to flee. She stopped as she saw the blond-haired centaur approaching, his arms full of fresh fruit.
“It was mine thought that thou mayst be hungry.” He said, offering the fruit.
“Why did we stop?” She was still rather nervous, and watched the centaur with a wary expression, her hand firmly on her dagger.
“Thou wert exhausted.” He replied. “Once out of danger, it was feasible to stop and allow thee to rest thyself.” He gestured to the fruit. “Thou wilt need thy strength. Eat, then we shalt continue our journey. It is still another day's travel until we reach the blessed safety of mine home village.” He suddenly gave her a quizzical look. “Might I inquire how thee came to be held captive by the Scarred One?”
“He and the dragon attacked me and my friends.” She replied, taking a large bite from a pear. “Damion forced them back with the Dragon Sword, but they grabbed me as they fled. Kaviel wants the Dragon Sword so he can unlock the power of the Dragon Gem, and he doesn't care who he hurts trying to get it! He thought to use me to force Damion to give up the blade, but I managed to escape.”
She quickly finished her pear, then gathered her pack and carefully climbed atop the centaur’s strong back.
They were soon dashing through the forest at an incredible pace. K'thar moved with a fluid grace as he followed scarcely visible trails through the thick undergrowth. Kariah held on to K'thar's waist with an almost desperate grip, and was forced to close her eyes as they rode and concentrate on not getting sick.
It was nearly midday when the large centaur finally slowed to a walk, seeing several other centaurs trotting up from the opposite direction. They came to a stop a few feet away, staring at Kariah with open curiosity.
“An elf!” A thickly-muscled male with chestnut hair said, smiling widely in amusement. “How unusual!”
“Her name is Kariah.” K'thar introduced the young elf maiden. “She escaped from the dragon's lair, and now seeks refuge.”
The new centaurs looked impressed.
“What wouldst the Scarred One want with a simple elf maiden?” A female centaur asked in a superior tone. She was quite beautiful, with butter colored hair that had been elaborately braided. Her human half was lushly endowed, and she wore no clothes over her womanly attributes without any trace of self-consciousness.
“I’m not just a simple elf maiden!” Kariah exclaimed indignantly. She slid from K'thar's back and marched forward to face the mare. “My companions and I were journeying to stop the madman that is controlling the dragon!”
“How dost thy plan to do that?” The female centaur asked in a scathing tone. “Those dragonspawn wouldst slaughter thee long before thee even came close to the Scarred One.”
“I managed to get away from them, didn't I?” Kariah retorted heatedly.
“And how dost thou plan to battle the dragon?”
“My friend Damion is a powerful sorcerer.” She replied angrily. “He will stop Kaviel and the dragon!”
One of the male centaurs snorted derisively. “It shalt take more than a little magic to stop the dragon.”
The other centaurs laughed, except for K'thar, who wore an expression of disapproval.
Kariah flushed with anger. “He will stop them with his magic, and with the Dragon Sword!”
The laughter suddenly stopped, and the creatures stared at her with serious expressions. “Thy friend doth carry the fabled Dragon Sword?” The female centaur exclaimed in disbelief. “Surely thy words cannot be true?”
Kariah nodded, her anger fading. “It is true. At this very moment, Damion and the others are making their way here to put an end to Kaviel's rampage once and for all.”
The centaurs began to murmur excitedly among themselves. “So, thy plan is to confront the dragon and the Scarred One?”
The young elf maiden nodded emphatically. “Kaviel kidnapped me to try to force Damion to give him the sword, but I escaped. That's why I need to rejoin them as quickly as possible, so they don't mistakenly give up the sword for my return!”
“Then let us depart for the village.” The female centaur advised sagely. “Perhaps thy companions hast been seen by others there.”
Kariah remounted K'thar’s broad back, and they returned to their breakneck race through the forest, followed closely by the other centaurs.

**********

“Just leave me alone!” Garth bellowed at Sly and Dar angrily after the fifth inquiry of his health. “I've already told you, I feel much better! Whatever the centaurs gave me fixed me right up!”
“They are just concerned for your health.” Gretta chided the grouchy dwarf gently.
“And we want to make sure that you are well enough to travel.” Dar had been keeping a close eye on him all morning, ready to act if there was a turn for the worse.
The companions had awakened just after dawn and were busy preparing breakfast when Garth and Gretta appeared, led by one of the centaurs. The fiery-haired dwarf looked like he was back to his normal self, though his face was still a little pale.
“I’m fine!” Garth insisted stubbornly. “We dwarves are a hearty lot. It takes quite a bit to kill us.”
Damion considered the situation for moment. “I think we should give it one more night.” He decided finally. “We can all use the rest. We haven’t had much sleep as of late.”
The dwarf scowled. “Don’t let me slow us down! We should keep moving!”
Damion shook his head. “I don't wish to blunder into anything unaware. If we are going to follow through with this and survive, we'll need a plan.” He glanced at Dar. “Do you think you can convince Ket Matoc to loan us a few of his warriors? They may be just what we need to distract the dragonspawn and goblins.”
“That should be easy enough.” Dar smiled. “As long as they are not in too much danger, I'm sure that they will aid us in every way they can.”
“Do you think they might have any ale?” Sly inquired with a hopeful look on his face.
Dar laughed, and then shook her head. “Nay. They do not drink ale. But they do make an exquisite wine from the wild berries that they gather in the forest.”
“Do they now?” The little man's eyes brightened noticeably.
Later that night, Damion and Dar greeted Ket Matoc, who made his way out to the clearing where they were camped. The wizened creature had a sad, regretful look on his weathered face.
“Dar hast relayed your request for aid in facing the Scarred One’s minions.” The centaur murmured, his voice lilting. “Thy request is serious, Lord Omensent. Understand, we art the last of our kind. Once the last of us fall, the flame that is mine people, that once burned strong and proud, would be extinguished, never to burn again.” The elderly centaur's shoulders seem to droop under the weight of the enormous responsibility. He passed a frail, trembling hand over his eyes. “I cannot allow that to happen.”
“But if you do not help, Kaviel and his creatures will destroy your people anyway!” Damion argued. “If you fight, we can win!”
Ket Matoc shook his head. “I doth wish it different, but alas, the welfare of mine people comes first.”
A loud commotion drew their attention to a group of centaurs who galloped into the clearing from the darkness of the forest. They slowed, then came to a stop a few feet away and stood staring. There was a sudden squeal of joy, and a tiny shadow leapt from the back of one of the centaurs, dashing through the fire light towards Damion.
“Kariah?” He cried in stunned in disbelief. He was nearly knocked from his feet as the elf maiden threw herself into his arms. “Kariah! You're safe!” He held her in a crushing embrace, still in shock. He kissed her hard on the lips, and held on to her tight, as if he were afraid that she may disappear. “I can't believe you're safe!” He kissed her again. “How were you able to escape Kaviel and the dragon?”
“They left me alone in the dragon's lair with only a single dragonspawn as a guard. I managed to kill it and slipped away into the forest unnoticed. That's when K'thar found me,” She gestured to one of the centaurs. “and he and the others brought me here. They wish to help us!”
Damion and the others exchanged astonished looks. 
“You killed a dragonspawn?” Damion asked in shock.
She smiled. “Aren’t you proud of me?”
Damion laughed, then pulled her back into a tight embrace.
Ket Matoc stepped forward, staring at the centaurs that had accompanied the elf maiden. “What doth she mean that thy wish to lend them aid?” His face was stern.
“It is our wish to drive the Scarred One and his foul minions from our blessed forest.” K'thar proclaimed. Many of the centaurs gathered cheered, voicing their support.
“The decision hast already been made!” The elder centaur said angrily. “We cannot risk fighting! We must remain apart from this conflict to ensure the survival of our people!”
“Our kind wilt never survive if the Scarred One continues his bloody rampage!” The blond-haired centaur pushed his way passed his companions and stood before his elder. “The destruction of our forest wilt continue, and we wilt be driven out and slaughtered! But if we fight....”
“If we fight, we doth ensure our demise.” The elderly centaur's expression was sad. “We wouldst never survive a battle. I fear we doth not possess nearly enough warriors to stand a chance.”
Damion finally forced himself to tear his gaze from Kariah. “Actually, all we really need is some sort of diversion.”
“A diversion?” K'thar looked interested. “What sort of diversion?”
“We just need something to occupy the dragonspawn and goblins long enough to allow us to slip into the cavern and face Kaviel and the dragon.”
The centaurs began to murmur among themselves excitedly, but Ket Matoc continued to shake his head. “The risk cannot be taken! Too many lives hast already been lost!”
K'thar ignored his elder. “If a small attack was staged, just large enough to inspire alarm, dost thou believe thy can accomplish thy mission?”
“Without a doubt.” Damion replied confidently.
“Quite impossible!” Ket Matoc still refused. “Our warriors art too few to stage such a diversion!”
“There are other creatures in this forest that wilt surely be willing to lend aid!” The female centaur suddenly argued. “An alliance can be formed, and these foul creatures can finally be driven from our blessed forest!”
“Not you too, Layi!” The centaur elder cried in chagrin. “Mine only daughter wishes to defy me?”
“Not defy you, father. Mine only wish is to save our people. If we doth not take a stand now, our people wilt slowly be wiped from existence. We must fight!” Her words were met with roars of agreement from the other centaurs. 
Damion noticed that several more centaurs had appeared from the darkness, listening to the female centaur's words, and they also voiced their agreement.
“Mine children!” Ket Matoc pleaded. “We art the last of our kind! Doth thou all wish to doom our race to oblivion?”
“Better to stand, fight, and die a noble death, then to hide like cowards and die a slow lingering death!” K'thar exclaimed fiercely. The growing crowd of centaurs cheered, clearly behind him and Layi.
Ket Matoc sighed heavily, and his frail shoulders bowed in resignation. “So be it. Join these warriors in battle and place the survival of our people in this... human's hands.”
“Thanks for the vote of confidence.” Damion replied dryly. He noticed that the attention of the crowd had shifted to him.
K'thar stared at him, his expression questioning. “Dost it be true that thou dost bear the Dragon Sword?”
Damion nodded, then turned and revealed the hilt of the sword, which glittered in the fire light.
Another loud murmur passed through the crowd of centaurs. It was obvious they had all heard of legend of the Dragon Sword and Dragon Gem.
K'thar's eyes grew wide, then he suddenly smiled. “Art thou sure that thy can truly compete with a dragon?”
“He already has!” Dar piped. “Twice!”
Another excited murmur went through the crowd, and even Ket Matoc seemed impressed.
K'thar and Layi exchanged long looks, then K'thar nodded. “We shalt help provide the diversion. All else lies upon your shoulders alone.”
Damion smiled. “I wouldn't have it any other way.”

**********

That night they built a small, well-hidden fire in an effort to avoid any confrontations with Kaviel's minions. Damion and Snowfeather disappeared into the darkness of the forest and brought back a large boar to help restore their meat supply, and the centaurs provided an abundance of fresh fruits and vegetables. Since the centaurs were strict vegetarians, the companions were forced to supply their own fresh meat.
“Do you really believe Kaviel will remain in this forest after the beating you gave him?” Garth asked, chuckling in amusement. The others had filled him in on Damion’s encounter with Kaviel, and, though he was upset about missing the action, he couldn’t help but find the scar-faced man’s suffering amusing.
“I guarantee he's holed up in the dragon's lair, ranting about losing Kariah, and nursing his wounds.” Sly assured him. His expression grew thoughtful. “If I know him like I think I do, he'll attempt to buy more time. We will have to be careful. He can be very unpredictable when cornered.” He glanced over at Dar, who was returning from the centaur village. “What’s the news?” He asked curiously.
“The centaurs have sent messengers throughout the forest to find all of those who are willing to help.” The tiny Alena informed them. “They are going to gather them together in a clearing a couple of miles from the dragon's lair.”
“What creatures will lend their aid?” Kariah asked curiously.
Dar shrugged. “Most creatures who call this forest home are peaceful creatures that have no concept of war. Those creatures that do, like ogres and giants, are too stupid to distinguish friend from foe. They just try to kill and eat it everything that moves.” He shook his head. “The harpies may join the battle, just to enjoy the chaos, but one cannot predict what they will do.”
“What about the centaurs? How many of their warriors will be joining us?”
“About two hundred.”
Kariah gasped. “But there are over a thousand creatures camped outside of the cavern's entrance!” She grabbed Damion by his arm. “I was able to see the camp, and there are far too many dragonspawn and goblins for such a small army to succeed! The centaurs will be slaughtered!”
“All we need from them is a small distraction.” Damion reassured her gently. “If they begin showering the creatures with arrows, drawing their attention away, I should be able to slip in unnoticed. Then the centaurs can just fall back into the forest and leave the rest to me.”
They set off the next morning after being awakened by K'thar and Layi, who volunteered to lead the companions to the clearing where the army was gathering. Dar had disappeared sometime during the night and didn't return until the others had finished breaking camp. He emerged finally from the foliage followed closely by a beautiful young female child.
“You could have given us a little warning before disappearing like that.” Damion commented as they approached. “We were beginning to worry.”
Dar shrugged. “Everyone was sleeping, and I didn't wish to disturb anyone.” He gestured to the young girl. “This is Kytra. She is an Alena, like me. She’s an old friend who has volunteered to help.”
Kytra smiled sweetly. “Dar has explained your plan to me. Worry not, friends. My people will do our utmost to help provide a distraction. We are very skilled at trickery and deception.”
Sly laughed. “We already know. Dar has demonstrated this fact to us any number of times.”
Dar shot the little man a withering look, but said nothing.
“Several of my people went out in search of the giants and ogres to try and lure them towards the Scarred One's camp.”
“Why would you want to do that?” Garth asked, twirling a lock of his flowing beard around one thick finger. “I thought they couldn’t distinguish friend from foe.”
“They can't. They only understand the concept of dominance.” The girl replied, smiling broadly. “But if we can stampede a couple of them through the camp, it would cause a major distraction.”
Layi began to laugh. “That’s brilliant!”
The centaurs took the lead, allowing Dar and Kytra to ride atop their strong backs, while the others followed behind on their own mounts. They led the companions quickly through the dense forest, following well-worn trails in which they were obviously familiar.
“So, what's the plan?” Sly asked Damion, pulling his horse next to Storm.
“Once the goblins and dragonspawn are distracted, I'll slip into the camp and face the dragon.” He said simply. “Then, when I am finished with the dragon, I'm going to get my hands on Kaviel!” His eyes flashed dangerously, and he clenched his fists tightly. “And this time, I will not let him escape.”
“You are not planning to kill Tempest, are you?” Kariah asked fearfully. She had been riding atop Storm with Damion and overheard his every word.
“If I must.” He answered gravely. “If there is no other way but to kill the dragon to reach Kaviel, then that's what I will have to do. Nothing is going to stop me from killing him this time!”
“But she's innocent!” The elf maiden cried. “She’s being forced to follow his orders! You can't just kill her!”
“She’s right, you know.” Sly murmured gravely. “If you slay the dragon, you'll be no better than Kaviel. Don't lower yourself to his level.” He stared at Damion earnestly. “You cannot let yourself become what you're fighting against.”
“If you can just get the Dragon Gem away from Kaviel, you can release Tempest from his power!” Kariah pleaded. “She will turn on him, then!”
Damion sighed, then fell into a troubled silence. Sly was quite correct in his warning. He had been traveling a thin line that separated righteous anger from outright blood lust. He had come very close to becoming nothing better than a ruthless killer. This thought troubled him as he rode to face the man that had turned his entire world upside down.
It was nearly midday when they finally stopped to rest the horses. The humid forest had become blisteringly hot, and thousands of swarming insects hovered in the heavy air, making it very difficult to breathe without inhaling a mouthful of bugs. They paused at the edge of a natural spring to rest themselves and allow horses to drink. The water was clean and cold, and tasted as pure as melting snow. It went a long way in cooling and refreshing the companions.
“By the gods!” Garth suddenly exclaimed, covering his nose. “What is that smell?”
Dar sniffed the air, then groaned in exasperation. “Harpies!” He spat, staring up at the canopy above.
“If they art close enough to smell, they hath already caught our scent.” K'thar warned. “An attack is possible, but they may leave us be.”
“How can they smell anything over that noxious odor?” The sturdy dwarf asked, his face an odd shade of green.
“That question hast also crossed mine mind on occasion.” Layi murmured with a disgusted look on her face.
A loud screeching laughter suddenly echoed through the forest, and the noxious odor began to grow stronger. There was a loud ruffle of feathers as several filthy creatures appeared overhead, gliding down on short stubby wings from the treetops above. They circled them several times before swooping down and landing heavily on the ground before the companions.
The harpies were strange-looking creatures that were approximately four-feet tall, with heavy squat bodies that were covered with large filthy feathers. Their heads were oddly lopsided, and were completely devoid of feathers or hair, lending greatly to their bizarre appearance. Their nearly human-like faces were encrusted with filth, and long sharp fangs protruded from their mouths. Their tiny eyes were completely black and gleamed evilly as they stared.
“Greetings, Layi and K'thar.” One of the foul-smelling creatures cackled in a screeching voice, defecating on the ground, then jumping up and down in it, splattering it over the other harpies. “I sees you brings Alenas and humans into our territories. Ares they, perhaps, gifts?” The harpy was drooling hungrily.
“They art not gifts, Snog.” Layi spat, giving the creature a disgusted look. “Thee and thy flock shalt have to scavenge something else to dine upon.”
The harpy laughed an insane laugh. “Whats about the little dwarveses? Surely you haves no needs for thems?” The other harpies began to hop up and down again, cackling excitedly. “I’s never eaten dwarveses before. I's am wondering what they tastes like.”
Garth snorted in amusement. “I think you'd find me rather tough and stringy. Besides,” He hoisted his battle-axe and fingered it lovingly. “You'd find me a hard meal to stomach.”
The harpy cackled at his threat, then looked back to Layi and K'thar. “Why does you brings humans into our territories? It hases something to do with the dragonses, yes? You goes to battle with the goblinses and dragonspawns and dragonses, yes?”
Layi rolled her eyes. “It is true, Snog. The time to fight and drive the vermin from our forest is upon us.”
“Fight!” The harpy screeched insanely. “Fight!” The other creatures quickly took up the chant, hopping up and down with excitement.
“If thee and thy flock wish to join the fight, then go await us near the dragon’s lair. Thou shalt know when it is time to attack.”
“What if we wishes to fight now?” One of the other harpies screeched, flapping its dirty wings.
Faster than eye could follow, K'thar drew an arrow, notched it, drew it back, and released it, all in a single motion. It flashed through the air and buried deep into the flapping creature's chest with a loud thump. The force of the arrow of sent the creature hurtling backwards into a tree, where it hung suspended, the head of the arrow buried firmly in the tree's trunk.
The harpy began flapping its wings frantically in an effort to free itself, while its companions continued to laugh and hop up and down in insane glee. Its struggles soon grew weak, then ceased altogether.
“Nice shot!” Sly exclaimed, clapping K’thar on the shoulder.
The blond centaur smiled a modest smile.
“Gather thy flock and meet us near the dragon's lair.” Layi repeated to remaining harpies. “We shalt attack two nights hence, after the sun sets.”
The harpies began to chant again. “Fight! Fight! Fight!” Then, one by one, they threw themselves into the air, cackling insanely as they flapped their wings frantically to keep their heavy bodies aloft.
“That was interesting.” Damion murmured, watching the disgusting creatures as they flew away. “Can we actually depend on them to show?”
“They wilt show.” Layi said frowning. “Who they attack mayst still be in question. It doth be possible they wilt betray us to the enemy, then watch the battle and dine upon what remains.”
Kariah gagged at the thought and turned an identical shade of green as Garth. “They are disgusting creatures! How could anything be so horrible?”
“Harpies art more annoying than horrible.” K'thar trotted over and yanked the arrow from the dead harpy's chest. “They doth delight in dropping their dung upon the unsuspecting from above. Their dung contains a powerful acid that doth burn the flesh, leaving horrible scars in their wake. They usually attack in numbers, using their ragged talons as weapons, and rarely attack anything bigger than themselves, although it’s not unheard of for them to attack larger prey. As long as thou dost avoid letting them catch thee by surprise, they art harmless.”
The companions pressed on, pushing through the undergrowth at a quick trot. It was nearly midnight before they finally stopped to make camp. They had a quick dinner of stew that Kariah whipped up from the vegetables and wild boar, then set out their bedrolls and stretched out to rest.
They hadn't been asleep long when a deep, earsplitting bellow sounded through the forest, causing everyone to jump from their bedrolls in fright. The horses began to paw at the ground nervously, and Storm neighed loudly, tossing his head back fiercely. Something huge was crashing its way through the forest, moving straight for their camp. Another bellow echoed through the forest, this time much closer than before.
“What is it?” Gretta whispered, scrambling to her feet.
“The cyclops.” K'thar answered a worried voice. “It was our hope to avoid encountering it.”
“Will it attack?” Kariah asked worriedly. She was huddled next to Damion with one of his huge arms draped around her for protection.
The blond centaur nodded. “Undoubtedly. It doth sound hungry, and there is plenty for it to eat right here.”
“I’ll deal with it.” Damion declared confidently, drawing the Dragon Sword.
“You mustn't kill it!” Kytra cried, rushing forward with frightened eyes. “It’s the last of its kind! It is protected by the forest! To kill it is to defy Mother Nature herself!”
Damion sighed heavily in resignation, then returned the Dragon Sword in its sheath. “Very well. I will be sure not to kill it. I'll just try to frighten off.”
Just then, an enormous creature burst into view about forty yards away, bellowing in a deep, resounding voice. It stood well over ten feet tall, with a massively overdeveloped chest and arms, and huge tree trunk-like legs that were wrapped in animal skins and tied into place with sinew. It had a tiny head perched atop its huge shoulders, with a single eye located in the center of its sloping forehead. Its face was oddly flat, and its nose was little more than two tiny holes in the center of its face. Long strings of drool hung from an open mouth that was bristling with sharp, jagged teeth.
It saw the companions and howled another ear-splitting bellow, pounding the ground before it with a huge club that appeared to once have been the trunk of a fair-sized oak tree.
Damion groaned, shaking his head. “These things can never be simple, can they?” He demanded of no one in particular. He sighed again, and then strode forward to block the creature’s advance.
The cyclops watched in confusion as Damion moved towards it. It was obviously accustomed to creatures fleeing its presence, rather than approaching it.
Damion stopped before it and gave it a hard look. “Shoo!” He growled fiercely, motioning for it to return to the forest.
Sly burst out laughing in spite of himself. “Shoo?” He gave Damion an incredulous look. “Did you really believe that would work?”
“Shut up!” Damion snarled irritably. He turned back to the cyclops. “Keep moving!” He bellowed at the enormous creature. “Go! Get out of here!”
The cyclops's single eye suddenly narrowed, and it took a swipe at Damion with its heavy club. He easily ducked beneath it, then dashed forward to attack, but was immediately driven back as the creature changed direction mid-swing, nearly removing his head. He tripped on a tree root as he scrambled backward and crashed hard to the ground a few feet from the angry beast. 
It roared triumphantly and raised its massive club high above its head, preparing to crush him with a massive blow. 
As it stepped forward to deliver the fatal blow, Damion lashed out with a powerful kick that caught the cyclops hard in its fur-covered crotch.
“Erp!” The huge creature froze mid-swing, its single eye wide with surprise and pain. It released its grip on its massive club and grabbed its crotch, moaning pitifully.
Damion instantly rolled to his feet and threw a powerful uppercut that caught the moaning beast hard on the point of its tiny chin, launching it backward through the air where it landed with a resounding crash. It lay unmoving, drooling heavily from its slack jaw.
Dar ran up to the unmoving creature. “It’s only unconscious. It'll be out for a few hours and awaken with a massive headache, but it'll survive.”
Damion turned away, and returned to the camp, ignoring the snickers of laughter from his companions. He quickly began to gather their belongings, his face flaming red with embarrassment.
“I don’t remember ever teaching you that move!” Sly chortled, wiping the tears of mirth from his eyes.
“You didn't.” Damion answered brusquely, loading his bedroll onto one of the spare horses. “I just made it up.” He fixed little man with a dangerous look. “I can demonstrate it again if you'd like.”
“So, what now?” Dar asked as he assisted in breaking down the camp.
“We keep moving.” Damion replied. “I don't think it would be a good idea to hang around any longer.”
“The warrior speaks wisely.” K'thar was clearly impressed by Damion’s prowess, and watched him closely. “It is not advisable to remain nearby when the cyclops awakens. It's likely to become very angry.”
“I would be angry too if I was kicked below the belt.” Sly guffawed, then quickly darted out of Damion's reach.
They quickly finished packing up camp, then set off deeper into the forest, leaving the huge cyclops where it fell.

Chapter 16

“What do I have to do to get that damned Dragon Sword?” Kaviel raged at Tempest, who watched the scar-faced human with scarcely veiled contempt. “That warrior has thwarted my every plan!” He yanked a two-inch-long thorn from his thigh, then screamed in pain and fury. He threw the thorn away in disgust, then rose to his feet and began to pace nervously, limping heavily on one leg.
“You seem bothered by something.” The scarlet dragon mocked, sneering hatefully at the injured human. “Whatever could be the matter?”
“Shut up, you overgrown flying toad!” He roared angrily. “I need to think!”
Tempest snorted, sending black smoke billowing from her flared nostrils. “Think hard and think fast.” She growled warningly. “That warrior is coming, and he is set on destroying you.” She chuckled coldly. “Once he gets his hands on you again, your plans are going to come to an abrupt and permanent end.”
“I told you to shut up!” Kaviel snarled, rubbing his injured ribs gingerly. “He and his companions are not stupid enough to attack the camp!” He declared, more to himself than to Tempest. “They are but five pitiful warriors. I have an army a thousand strong! They haven't the power to face me!”
“Are you so sure?” The massive serpent questioned, eyeing the man speculatively. “Do not forget that he is a sorcerer, and a powerful one at that. He also has the Dragon Sword. It appears to have powers similar to the Dragon Gem. You may be a bit closer matched than you realize.”
The scar-faced man scowled, then returned to pacing. “I must get that sword!” He burst out after a moment, sounding much like a child whining for its lost toy. “Without it I cannot release the power of the gem!” He kicked a pile of gold coins, then cried out in pain and fell writhing to the floor holding his foot.
Tempest chuckled again, then sighed heavily and laid her massive head against the cool stone floor. It had been hard for her to accept the fact that such a bumbling idiot had found the Dragon Gem. Unlimited power and very little intelligence had proven to be a dangerous combination. Kaviel had used what little intelligence he did possess to discover that he needed the Dragon Sword to unlock the gem's true power. With that discovery, she concluded, his intelligence had run empty. He completely lost touch with reality during his search for the sword, laying waste to everything that stood, then searching the remains after all were dead. She had tried many times to explain that there were better ways to search for the sword, but the human had ignored her completely. He seemed to become nearly drunk with power as he discovered more about the gem's true purpose, mostly from Tempest herself.
When she had first been released from the confines of the Dragon Gem after so many years, she had been somewhat surprised to find herself face to face with Kaviel. He had looked as surprised to see her as she was to see him, and after a single glance, he had screamed in terror and tried to scramble away, still grasping the huge gem in which he had been inspecting. It had taken her quite a while to calm him long enough to listen to her, and then quite a while longer to make him understand that the beautiful gem he held controlled her every move.
At first, she was relieved to finally be free of the gem's confines, but she soon learned that the scar-faced man was to be a scoundrel that went berserk with his first taste of true power. He used the gem to force her to tell him everything she knew, then to force her to commit unthinkable atrocities, just to satisfy his homicidal instincts. He also forced her to rip the entire continent apart in search of the sword, and she was completely helpless to stop him.
But now the Dragon Sword had appeared being wielded by a warrior that possessed a power unlike any other human on the planet! A fierce warrior that Kaviel had already crossed, and to which he had very nearly lost his life! And that warrior was now on his way to finish the job.
Her heart had nearly leapt from her chest when she saw her old friend Dar in the company of the warrior. They had locked eyes for only a brief moment, but she instantly knew the childlike Alena had been hot on their trail, searching for some way to set her free. She took comfort in knowing her ancient little friend was guiding the warrior. It was reassuring to know that he was still searching for a way to release her from her imprisonment, even after all this time.
She fixed her gaze on Kaviel, who had stripped off his boot and was examining his big toe, which was swollen to twice its normal size and was badly discolored. She snorted in disgust, then closed her eyes and sighed. The only thing she could do was sit back and wait for what was to come.

**********

Damion and the others arrived at the meeting spot the following afternoon after encountering no more obstacles to slow their progress. The chosen meeting place was a secluded clearing that was well hidden from prying eyes. Dozens of centaurs armed with long bows were gathered together in groups, while numerous childlike Alena and beautiful nude wood nymphs milled about, making preparations for the upcoming battle.
“Oh my!” Sly exclaimed in surprised pleasure as one of the unclothed nymphs scampered over and kissed him soundly on his scruffy face. She giggled at him in a brainless fashion, then pranced away happily. The lushly endowed creature was almost completely indistinguishable from a normal human, except for the slight greenish cast to her bare skin that allowed her to blend perfectly into the undergrowth of the forest.
Sly leered at the prancing creature with wide, appreciative eyes.
Dar rolled his eyes. “Put your tongue back in your mouth! They are innocent creatures of whim!”
The little man's smile grew wider. “Aye. So innocent.” His voice was dreamy.
“So, what is thy plan?” Layi inquired, looking around at the busy campsite.
“I figure we'll wait until just after sunset tomorrow to attack. Once all the guards posted around the camp have been neutralized, we'll wait until the goblins and dragonspawn have bedded down, then begin sweeping the camp with arrows. Let's try to take out as many of them as we can before they even know what’s happening. Hit them from all sides, then when they try to attempt a counterattack, we will have everyone fade back into the forest. That should cause of enough of a distraction to allow me to slip into the cavern unnoticed.”
“What about the wall surrounding the camp?”
“I’ll take down that wall.” Damion reassured them grimly.
“That’s when we’ll set loose the giants.” Dar grinned evilly.
“What about the slaves?” Kariah's face was concerned. “There were hundreds of them in the clearing. They are innocents. We cannot leave them to be slaughtered by those creatures.”
“Where did Kaviel get so many slaves?” Sly asked with a frown.
“Kaviel’s foul minions brought them when they arrived in the forest.” Kytra explained, her expression sad. “They wert undoubtedly taken prisoner as the creatures made their way from the mountains.”
“That’s terrible!” Kariah cried in a horrified voice. “Why would they do such a thing?”
“Kaviel doth need slaves to help build his new center of power." Layi explained. “Goblins and dragonspawn know nothing of building, and I'm confident they wouldst make terrible workers.”
Damion growled a deep, rumbling growl. “That’s just one more thing Kaviel will pay for once a get my hands on him.” The thought of forcing an innocent person into slavery enraged him.
"Well, whatever we do, we will need to be sure that it doesn't endanger the slaves." The young elf maiden declared firmly.
Damion was quiet for several moments. “This changes things a bit, but it may work out to our advantage. I’m pretty sure that the slaves will join in the battle if they were released.”
“I know that I'd be ready to fight if someone forced me into slavery!” Garth declared fiercely.
“That is most reassuring.” Layi stated. “There art quite a few dwarves among the slaves.”
“What?” The sturdy dwarf roared in outrage. “Dwarves? Forced to work as slaves? Unthinkable!” He was trembling in fury.
“Calm yourself.” Damion cautioned. “Let’s worry about one thing at a time. We don't want to get ahead ourselves.” He looked at Dar. “Do you think you can sneak in and release the slaves once the attack begins?”
Dar nodded confidently. “Aye, I can do it.”
“And I will help.” Garth declared his face set.
“And I as well.” Sly volunteered.
Everyone was silent for several moments. The enormity of the battle they were about to undertake was lying heavily upon every one of their shoulders. It had been many months since their journey began, and now they could finally see the end of their trials.
“That’s it, then.” Damion decided. “K’thar and Layi will lead their archers and the harpies in their attack, then, once the confusion is at its peak, Dar, Sly and Garth will slip in and free the slaves while I make my way into the dragon's cavern.”
"It sounds good,” Sly murmured quietly. “but things seldom go as planned. Let's hope that nothing unforeseen happens.”
They made camp in the clearing that night, and spent their spare time finishing their final preparations for the upcoming battle. Everyone watched in amusement as Sly was immediately swarmed by several of the nude wood nymphs, who seemed to find him quite appealing. His face was flaming red beneath his shaggy beard as they showered him with kisses, but he made no attempt to shun their advances.
There was a tense moment as several giants appeared from the darkness, moving with a catlike stealth that was astonishing of creatures of such size and girth. They each stood about twelve feet tall, with massive shoulders and thickly-muscled arms that hung low to the ground. Their dark, swarthy skin was covered in red hair, and their apelike faces revealed little intelligence.
Damion leapt to his feet and joined K'thar and Layi to block the enormous creatures from advancing further. He watched warily, ready to act as Layi trotted up to the lead giant without fear.
“Hold, fierce one.” She ordered firmly.
The lead beast, a monstrous brute, stepped forward, his pink little eyes gazing around the camp. “Me Crush!” He snarled in a grating voice. “Come fight! Kill lizards! Kill goblins!” It pounded an enormous fist against the ground fiercely. “Fight!” The other giants roared in approval and begin pounding the ground like their leader.
“It is good that thou hast come to fight.” Layi said in a placating tone, trying to calm the excited beast. “The battle wilt begin tomorrow night. Thou wilt await our signal before attacking.”
The huge brute ignored her. Instead it focused on Damion, gazing at him with assessing eyes. It pushed Layi aside roughly and stepped up to face him.
“Oh, this can't be good!” Sly groaned, jumping to his feet.
The giant leaned in close, bringing its apelike face close to Damion's, who refused to back down even an inch. “You human!” It growled menacingly. “Big! Ugly!”
“Who are you calling ugly?” Damion snarled back, causing the giant to flinch back in surprise.
It recovered quickly, and then snarled in rage. “I smash you, human!”
It reached out with a huge hand and tried to grasp Damion by his throat, but he was ready for the attack, and quickly ducked under its snatching hand and grasped a thick log from a nearby stack of firewood. The giant snarled in rage and took another swipe at his head. He ducked quickly, then delivered a stunning blow to the creature's midsection with his makeshift club, doubling it over, the wind whooshing from its lungs. He slipped behind the gasping creature and landed a well-placed kick to the back of its knee, sending it sprawling to the ground. It roared, trying to struggle to its feet, but Damion delivered a devastating blow with the club, catching the beast hard in the temple as it tried to rise. It slumped back to the ground, knocked completely senseless.
The other giants all looked stunned, staring down at their fallen leader with uncomprehending eyes. The enormous creatures took one last look at Damion, then grabbed their leader and dragged it back into the dark forest.
“Well done!” K'thar applauded. “I hath never seen anyone face down a giant, let alone force an entire clan to back down in fear!”
Damion shrugged, then tossed the log aside. “It’s all in the wrist.” He returned to Kariah’s side and sat down.
The young elf maiden grasped his hand tightly and smiled. “Is there anything that you cannot do?” She asked him with wide, adoring eyes. 
He frowned, remembering his inability to stop the dragon from snatching her.
They were suddenly interrupted as a beautiful bare-breasted wood nymph leapt into Damion's lap and threw her arms around his neck, kissing him fiercely.
“Hey!” Kariah exclaimed angrily. “He’s mine! Go find your own man!” She grabbed Damion’s arm possessively. 
The wood nymph giggled mischievously, releasing her grip on Damion, then slid over into Kariah's lap. She grasped the surprised elf maiden and kissed her passionately, then leapt back to her feet and scampered back off into the forest, still giggling brainlessly.
They watched her disappear in stunned silence, then looked at one another, and burst out laughing.
Dar wandered over towards them wearing a large grin. “Strange creatures, wood nymphs.” He commented, watching with amusement as the couple began to blush in embarrassment. “They have very little intelligence, and absolutely no morals. They are ruled by their appetites.” He grinned at Kariah. “And they have some strange appetites.” He glanced over at Sly, who was still surrounded by a number of the nude wood nymphs, and laughed. “As Sly is discovering first hand!”

**********

They awoke next morning to a flurry of activity. Creatures ran back and forth carrying bundles of arrows or crafting spare bows for the centaur archers. Several of the giants labored at different tasks, guided closely by Layi, who never strayed far from their sides.
“Good morning, mine friends!” K'thar greeted them, his face bright with excitement. “Everything is coming along well!” He reported. “We hast gathered a large supply of arrows that the Alena and wood nymphs wilt carry to our warriors. Once we hath done what damage we can with the arrow storm, then the giants and harpies will attack, and clean up what we hath missed.”
“It’s an ingenious plan,” Sly congratulated the centaur. “but what about the slaves? We don't want the giants to kill any innocents.”
The centaur smiled patiently. “The giants art aware that they need to limit their destruction to the dragonspawn and goblins only. They wert given very strict instructions.”
“And they actually listened?” The little man asked in disbelief.
K'thar laughed. “We just explained that it was Damion's order. After his performance last night, they were more than eager to listen.”
“Did Crush ever wake up?” Damion asked curiously.
The centaur laughed again, “Aye. He awoke this morning. His head doth still cause him some discomfort, but he wilt survive. Do not worry. He hast learned his lesson. He'll not challenge thee again.”
Several Alena came forward bearing baskets filled with fresh fruit for the companions, and a large hollow gourd filled with a fiery liquid that warmed their insides and eased their aches and pains.
Once they had eaten, Damion rose to his feet and unbuckled the Dragon Sword from his belt. “I wish to see the dragon’s lair.” He told Dar. He turned and handed the Dragon Sword to Sly. “Guard this with your life.”
Sly nodded gravely as he took the sword.
“You don't think you're going to leave me here, do you?” Kariah demanded, stomping her tiny foot.
“You must remain behind.” Damion told her in an unyielding voice. “I won't allow you to endanger yourself any further.”
“Excuse me?” She said belligerently. “Since when did I start taking orders from you?”
“Since you stole my heart.” He answered sincerely.
Her expression instantly softened. “That isn't fair!” She pouted, her lower lip protruding slightly.
Damion laughed, then took her into his arms and kissed her gently. “I need you to stay here where you are safe.” He said softly in her ear. “This will be a violent battle, and I'll be going places that you will not be able to follow. Please, my beloved,” He stared at her earnestly. “stay behind where you cannot be harmed.”
Kariah stared at him with loving eyes, then finally relented. “Okay. I'll remain here. Just hurry back to me, and please be careful.” She kissed him fiercely on the lips, her eyes filling with tears.
Damion turned and followed Dar out of the grove, a growing nervousness gnawing at the back of his mind.
“I love you, my warrior!” She called as he vanished into the darkness.
He stopped as her words drifted to his sensitive ears, and he looked back, but the elf maiden had already disappeared from view. He turned and followed Dar into the forest, his mind reeling from her words.
Snowfeather suddenly appeared from the darkness, gliding down from the canopy to land softly on Damion's shoulder.
“Where have you been?” He asked, his thoughts still wandering.
The huge owl stretched its wings. “I decided to stay out of sight.” He squawked irritably. “I noticed the giants eyeing me like I was a light snack, so I thought it would be prudent to stay away for a while.”
“Just as long as you stay close.” Damion replied. “You never know when I may need you.”
He continued to follow Dar through the forest until the tiny Alena suddenly held up his hand and came to a stop. “This is as close as we can get without being spotted.” The childlike sprite whispered. “There are several guards posted just ahead.”
Damion nodded. “Wait here. I’ll be back soon. This shouldn’t take very long.” He shifted into the form of a panther and silently disappeared into the underbrush.
He crept on silent paws through forest, his senses alive. His keen eyes swept the path ahead for any signs of movement and spotted a group of goblins hidden in the brush ahead. He spotted another group a few yards from the others, hidden amongst the trees. He carefully slipped around the creatures and moved on until the clearing and cavern came into view. He was taken aback by what he found. The slaves had apparently been hard at work on the construction of the huge wall around the clearing, using wood and stone found they located in the forest. The wall was nearly fifty feet high, with only a single man-sized doorway to gain entry. Five large dragonspawn stood guard before the entrance, making it impossible for someone to slip in unseen.
He cursed silently, then slipped around to the far side of the clearing where the slaves were still laboring to complete the wall. Just on the other side of the uncompleted wall were several large bamboo pens in which the goblins and dragonspawn held the slaves. He took special note of their location to relay to the others, so they would know exactly where to go when the battle started.
A lone human suddenly emerged from the cavern's entrance, bellowing orders at the creatures in the clearing who immediately jumped into action, forcing the slaves to work harder. It took every ounce of self-control Damion possessed to keep himself from racing into the clearing and sinking his claws deep into Kaviel's scarred flesh, but with a supreme effort, he swallowed his hatred, and merely watched.
He was a little amused at how nervous Kaviel was acting, seeming to be ready to bolt at the first out of trouble. He was also pleased to see the man had suffered many injuries during their encounter. He was limping heavily on one leg, and his skin was badly burned, and covered in huge blisters. One of his eyes was black, and swollen completely shut. His nose was mangled horribly, and he held his ribs, which had been wrapped in crude bandages, and winced with every step he took. He bellowed another order, and then slowly limped back into the cavern.
Satisfied that he had seen enough, Damion slipped back into the shadows, and carefully made his way back to the spot that he left Dar. He shifted back into his own form, then they quickly returned to the hidden clearing.
“What’s the word?” Sly asked when they arrived. “Does it look as though they are expecting us?”
“Oh, I'd say he knows we're coming.” Damion laughed humorlessly. “I saw Kaviel for just a moment. He looked horrible, and was jumping at every little sound. He appeared to be ready to run at the first sign of trouble. He was screaming orders at the dragonspawn and goblins, and I swear I could hear the desperation in his voice.” He smiled, taking great pleasure in the fact that they had made the scar-faced man so uncomfortable. "The slaves have nearly finished building the wall around the clearing, and there is only one entrance leading in.”
“The wall is nearly finished?” K'thar asked in surprise. 
The huge warrior nodded. “It stands nearly fifty feet tall, and is quite thick, although it is not very well built.”
“A fifty feet high wall?” The centaur’s face was grim. “He must be driving those slaves very hard. It was not nearly that high a week ago.”
“What are they building the wall with?” Sly inquired suddenly.
“They’re using stone scavenged from the area, and trees that they've cut from the forest to construct it.”
The scruffy little man burst out laughing. “They’re using wood? He must be insane!”
“A fifty-foot wall, even one that has been made from wood, is a formidable obstacle.” Garth grumbled, stroking his beard thoughtfully.
“Nonsense! All it takes is a little fire.”
Damion thought about it for a moment. “That’s true. If we set the wall aflame, the goblins and dragonspawn will all be trapped. They will have no way to escape.”
“Then our warriors can begin lobbing arrows over the wall.” K'thar added, nodding his approval. “Twill be like shooting fish in a barrel.” 
“But we must be careful not to allow the flames to spread into our forest.” Layi warned, obviously uncomfortable with the idea of using fire.
“It shouldn’t be a problem.” Dar reassured her. “The forest undergrowth is far too damp to catch fire. There will be little chance of it spreading.”
“It sounds good.” Damion approved. “The slave pens are near the east wall. Once all is in chaos, I'll blast our way into the clearing and head for the cavern, while Dar, Garth and Sly release the slaves.” He looked at K'thar and Layi. “Once we enter the camp, have your warriors limit their range of shot. We don't want to be hit by a stray arrow.”
“Fear not.” Layi assured him with a smile. “Centaurs never miss their target.”

**********

“I know that they're planning something!” Kaviel ranted, his hoarse voice echoing in the large cavern. “I can feel it!” He cursed, then threw an irritated glance at Tempest, who was lounging against the far wall steadfastly ignoring him. “Wake up, you overgrown lizard!” He roared at her furiously.
Tempest heaved a great sigh, then slowly raised her great horned head and fixed him with a bored look. “What do you want?”
“I want you to stay alert for any signs of trouble!” He snarled, his voice cracking. He fell silent for several moments, his breath coming to him in ragged gasps. “Maybe I should just have you burn the entire forest.” He said to himself speculatively. “It would drive them into the open. It might even kill them.”
“You seem to forget that your base of operations is in the center of this forest.” She reminded him scathingly. “If I torch the forest, your so-called army will be cooked. Besides, this forest receives far too much rain. At worst, it may smolder a bit, but I doubt if it would burn.”
Kaviel's face fell. “That’s true.” He fell into a thoughtful silence. “I wish I knew what they were waiting for!” He snarled finally. “I know that they are close! I can feel it!”
“And when they do show?” Tempest growled ominously. “What then?”
“Then I will get that damned sword!” 
The huge serpent chuckled. “You must be daft! Look what happened to you last time you came face to face with that warrior. He nearly tore you apart! Besides,” She said in a calculating tone. “What makes you think that he didn't hide it away? He may just come at you using his own magic.” She taunted him openly, feeling a great satisfaction as Kaviel's blistered face grew worried.
“He wouldn't be foolish enough to do that, would he?” The thought seemed to have struck a nerve.
“He seems to possess a magic powerful enough that he may feel that he doesn't need the sword.” She was subtly placing as many doubts into the slow-witted human’s mind as she could, hoping that one of those doubts may cause him to make a fatal mistake.
Kaviel limped closer. “What makes you say that?”
“You have seen what he is capable of first hand.” She looked pointedly at the dozens of black and blue bruises that decorated his body. “It was only luck that you got away last time.”
Kaviel's face took on a desperate look. “What should I do?” He asked in a frightened, wheedling tone.
Tempest smiled inwardly. It was almost too easy. “If I were you, I would stay put in this cavern. I would not leave for any reason. You are safe as long as you remain here.”
“Yes.” He agreed slowly, trying to grasp her logic. “They’ll never make it passed my army. There is only one way in, and one way out of the clearing. Even if they do make in, I'll just have you deal with them. There are only five of them, after all.” He began to grow more confident. “Then, when it’s over, all I have to do is use the gem to find the sword.” He began wringing his hands in anticipation.
The scarlet dragon rolled her eyes. The ignorant human was quite easy to manipulate. She had gotten him to believe that he should remain hidden in the cavern, when he would really be trapped. The warrior would soon arrive to find his enemy holed up with no chance of escape, then she would finally be free of the cruel-hearted human!
She laid her head back down and closed her eyes, satisfied that she had did all she could. The rest was up to Dar and his friends. 

**********

“Are the preparations nearly complete?” Damion asked Layi and K'thar as the sun began to set.
“Aye.” The bare breasted female centaur confirmed. “We will be ready.”
“We will separate our troops into three groups, each moving in from a different direction.” K'thar stated, holding out a crudely drawn map of the clearing and cavern for the others to see. "The wood nymphs hath agreed to use their magic to set the wooden sections of the wall aflame, but it took a lot of convincing. They despise fire.”
“Who’s going to take out the guards posted around the camp?” Sly asked with a frown. “They'll have to be eliminated quickly and quietly if we are to succeed.”
“Leave that to us.” Dar said. Kytra was once again at his side, her childlike face grave. “My people will be able to incapacitate them.”
“Then there's the dragonspawn posted at the gate.” K'thar pointed to the gate on the map. “We need to take them out without allowing them the chance to sound an alarm. The wood nymphs won't be able to do their job if they art being swarmed by goblins and dragonspawn.”
“We’ll deal with them.” Damion assured him, exchanging a glance with Sly.
“Once the walls art aflame, we shalt begin to shower them with arrows, and take out as many as possible.”
“That’s when we'll make our move.” Damion's eyes flashed eagerly. “Let’s just hope there's going to be enough confusion to allow us to slip in unnoticed.”
“Oh, there shalt be plenty of confusion.” Layi laughed, her melon-like breasts bouncing. “We art planning to send the giants and harpies in before thee. There shalt be so much confusion that no one wilt even notice that thou art there.”

**********

"Let’s move!” Dar ordered quietly, leading several other Alena through the forest towards the unsuspecting goblins who were hidden together in the brush.
They slipped through the shadows like ghosts as they silently made their ways towards their unknowing victims.
Wordlessly, one of the Alena, a blond-haired boy with luminous blue eyes, split off from the group, and scampered nimbly up a nearby tree with surprising agility. Once he reached the canopy above, he secured a rope to a sturdy branch and lowered himself down directly over the heads of the goblins. He stopped about ten feet above the creatures, hanging upside down, and swaying gently back and forth. He took a pouch from his belt, and began sprinkling a shimmering powder over the goblins, who inadvertently inhaled the strange substance deep into their lungs.
Within seconds, the creatures fell to the ground deep in coma-like sleep. Dar and the other Alena immediately moved in and bound and gagged the unconscious creatures, then dragged them deeper into the forest where they wouldn't be found. They repeated the process three more times, then returned to the trail where they were met Kytra and her group of Alena.
“Mission accomplished!” The girl smiled.
Dar grinned back, then cupped one hand to his mouth and cackled loudly, sounding exactly like one of the howlers that they had encountered when first entering the forest. After several quiet moments, a number of dark shapes appeared from the shadows and approached quickly on silent feet.
“Any problems?” Damion’s voice came from the largest shadow.
“The guards have all been neutralized.” The tiny Alena reported. “The dragonspawn at the gate are all yours.”
Damion grunted, then he and Sly slipped back into the darkness, leaving the others to follow along behind. They soon came upon the huge wall, and the five dragonspawn that stood guard before the entrance. They wordlessly split up, each moving through the shadows and positioning themselves on opposite sides of the unwary creatures. The fight was short and ugly. They materialized like ghosts from the darkness and fell upon the dragonspawn, slashing them down with lethal blows. The creatures fell without a sound, slumping to the ground with looks of surprise and disbelief on their scaly faces.
As soon as the last dragonspawn fell, dozens of the unearthly beautiful wood nymphs appeared from the darkness and approached the wall. They crouched down at the base of the fortification and began to manipulate the wood with their magic.
“Damion!” Sly suddenly warned in a hoarse whisper. “Your sword!”
Damion looked down and saw that the Dragon Sword had begun to glow with a pulsating light. “Damn!” He swore, grasping the hilt. “Not yet!” The sword suddenly flickered, then returned to normal. He exchanged a questioning glance with Sly, then turned his attention back to the wood nymphs. 
The nymphs continued to work their magic for several more minutes, and then, one by one, they returned to the darkness of the forest.
“What’s wrong?” Sly asked in concern. “Why didn't they start the fire?”
“Give it a second.” Dar murmured as he and Garth appeared from the shadows. “The wood used to build the wall was still quite green. It may take a few moments for their magic to work.”
Several long minutes ticked by while they held their breaths expectantly, then the base of the wall suddenly burst into flames. The flames quickly traveled up the wall, spreading and building until the entire wall was engulfed.
A roar resounded from the darkness as hundreds of the forest inhabitants burst from the shadows, led by the charging centaurs who began launching waves of arrows in a high soaring arc over the flaming wall. Screams of pain and surprise erupted from the camp as the arrows showered down on the unsuspecting creatures inside.
The goblins and dragonspawn inside of the camp died in scores as the lethal barrage rained down from above. Many desperately tried to escape into the forest, but found themselves completely encircled by a fifty-foot-high wall of flames. The trapped creatures went berserk, scrambling about in a panic in an effort to find somewhere that was safe from the deadly storm of arrows.
A sudden crash echoed through the forest, followed by a number of earsplitting bellows, announcing that the giants were ready to join the fray. Almost simultaneously, a loud cackling laughter rang down from above as the harpies swooped down from the sky still chanting 'Fight! Fight! Fight!'. The camp was already a mass of confusion when the enormous giants suddenly crashed through the wall of flames like it was nothing more than cobwebs and began ravaging the ranks of the goblins and dragonspawn, while the harpies fell screaming from the sky above, ripping and tearing with sharp talons, and defecating on the panicked creatures with their highly acidic scat.
The companions continued to wait as they listened to the battle rage on the other side off the wall of flames. Finally, Damion turned to the others. “It’s time to do this! Everyone ready?”
“Let’s join the party!” Sly said fiercely, his eyes alight with excitement.
Damion drew in his magic and focused it onto the roaring wall of flames. A large section of the wall suddenly imploded, leaving a gaping hole that led into the chaos of the camp.
“We’ll see you soon!” Dar assured him confidently. “We’ll go free the slaves while you deal with Kaviel!” They quickly darted into the clearing and carefully began to make their ways towards the slave pens.
Damion watched as they disappeared in into the confusion, then threw a silent thought into the night. “Snowfeather, I'm moving in. Warn me if anything goes wrong.”
“Of course.” The snow owl replied. “Just be careful, and don't get yourself killed.”
Drawing the Dragon Sword from its sheath, Damion carefully made his way through the gaping hole in the flaming wall.
The camp was in complete disarray as the giants smashed their way through the crowd of dragonspawn and goblins, sending their bodies flying through the air where they crashed lifelessly to the ground. One of the harpies, laughing in deranged glee, dived at one of the goblins and grasped it by the shoulders, sinking its talons deep into its flesh. With a tremendous effort, the harpy carried it high into the air above the clearing, where it dropped the thrashing creature onto a group of dragonspawn who were desperately trying to avoid the shower of centaur arrows.
A goblin, maddened with fear and brandishing a rust-splotched sword, suddenly rushed at Damion and took a wild swipe that he easily avoided. He parried another wild swing, then drove the point of the Dragon Sword deep into the creature’s throat. He paused as one of the giants stomped passed holding a goblin by one leg, using it as a club to smash a number of dragonspawn, then he began to wade through the battle, the Dragon Sword dancing as he carved a path through the chaos towards the cavern's opening.
Another crash echoed through the forest as the burning wall began to collapse, crushing a number of dragonspawn who were huddled close by, attempting to hide from the storm of arrows still raining down into the clearing. Dozens of centaurs emerged from the forest and took aim through the gaping hole, releasing a lethal barrage, every arrow finding its target with deadly efficiency.
Damion was nearly halfway to the cavern's opening when he was suddenly struck from behind, knocking him to the ground, momentarily stunning him. He managed to roll over to see a dying goblin lying across his legs, a small stream of blood flowing from its mouth. He kicked the beast off, then struggled to his feet cursing as nearly a dozen dragonspawn charged towards him with wild eyes. He cut the first three down with slashing blows, and then kicked the forth hard in its chest, sending it crashing back into its companions. 
He was suddenly knocked to the ground once again as a massive figure charged passed and began smashing at the dragonspawn with an enormous club. Damion rolled to his feet and found himself face to face with the towering cyclops, which had finished with the dragonspawn and turned on him. It stared at him intently with its single orb for several moments, rubbing its bruised jaw, then it blinked and laughed a loud barking laugh. It turned away and strolled back into the battle, dispatching goblins and dragonspawn with great swings of its massive club.
Damion quickly recovered his senses as another goblin charged his way, squealing in fear as it fled from a raging giant. He easily ran the creature through, then kicked it off his sword, and continued to fight his way towards the dragon's lair.
He snarled as a fiery pain suddenly shot up his leg, nearly causing him to collapse back to the ground. A crossbow bolt was lodged deep in his leg, just above his knee. He looked over towards the opening of the cavern and spotted Kaviel standing in its entrance, a crossbow in his hands. They locked eyes for a split second, and he saw the scar-faced man's eyes widen with fear. He dropped the crossbow, then scrambled back into the dragon's lair in terror.
Grasping the crossbow bolt, Damion tore it free, then howled a bestial howl of pain that echoed through the clearing. Many of the nearby creatures paused in their fighting to try and locate the source of the anguished howl before returning to the battle. Rage pounded his senses, and a red haze seemed to blur his vision as he threw the bolt aside. He dashed forward to chase after the scar-faced man, but was forced back as a number of goblins jumped into his path.
Without even thinking, he drew in his magic and began hurling handfuls of blazing energy. The following explosions ripped the approaching goblins to pieces, and rocked the surrounding clearing, throwing a number of other nearby creatures from their feet.
“They’re running!” Snowfeather called from the canopy above. “The dragonspawn and goblins are trying to escape into the forest!”
Damion glanced around and saw that many of the remaining dragonspawn and goblins were trying to make their way towards the forest, desperately trying to escape the slaughter. “Let them go! I'm going to go after Kaviel!”
A loud cheer suddenly erupted as the slaves, freed from their tormentors, rushed into the clearing and joined the battle, charging after the fleeing creatures with a vengeance. Many of them paused in their charge to grab weapons that had been discarded by the dead and dying, then began to viciously chop down their former captors. The last of the remaining dragonspawn and goblins tried to break free of the battle and flee, but were quickly cut down by the enraged mob of slaves.
Damion watched the slaughter for a moment, then returned his attention to the cavern's opening. With grave determination, he slowly made his way towards the final confrontation with his father’s killer, the Dragon Sword blazing with his anger.

Chapter 17

Kariah and Gretta watched the frenzied battle, the screams of the dead and dying creatures echoing in their minds like a gruesome chorus. They had carefully made their way from the hidden clearing and moved towards the battle, slipping nimbly from shadow to shadow to try to remain hidden from sight.
The waiting had become unbearable for the elf maiden, and she had urged her companion to join her in sneaking closer to watch the battle, though Gretta had been very reluctant. She finally convinced the dwarven maiden to accompany her, and they had quietly snuck off into the darkness, leaving Ket Matoc and his warriors behind. 
They found the battle to be well under way when they reached the clearing. The huge wall that the slaves had been laboring to build was now fully ablaze, and several large sections had collapsed to the ground. The noise was unbelievable as the giants stormed through the clearing, leaving behind a path of destruction. The harpies continued to screech merrily as they dropped from above, terrorizing the dragonspawn and goblins.
They suddenly spotted Dar, Sly, and Garth, who had just released the slaves from their pens, and were now busy urging them to take up arms and fight for their freedom. With an enormous roar, the slaves charged into battle, and they lost sight of their friends amongst the confusion.
Many of the goblins and dragonspawn broke free of the battle and dashed over the burning remains of the wall that had surrounded the clearing in a desperate attempt to escape the chaos. Two of the battle-crazed creatures rushed right towards the place where the girls lay hidden, but a pair of centaurs suddenly materialized from the darkness, their long bows drawn, and killed the creatures before they drew too close.
“Let’s go back!” Gretta whispered her eyes wide with fear. “The battle is beginning to get out of hand!”
Kariah was quiet for a moment as she watched the battle rage on, then nodded in agreement. “Okay. Let's go.”
They slipped off into the darkness and quickly began to make their way back to the safety of the hidden grove.
A sudden explosion behind them caused Kariah to pause for a moment, and she had to resist the sudden impulse to return to the battle to find out what had happened, but after a moment’s hesitation, she decided against it. She began to make her way back towards the hidden grove, then suddenly realized that Gretta had continued without her, not knowing that she had stopped momentarily.
She groaned, then began to hurry after the dwarf maiden, but only took a few short steps when a loud rustling in the underbrush caused her to jump fearfully.
Two dragonspawn emerged from the brush, their eyes locked on the terrified elf maiden. They hesitated for a split second in surprise, then one of them snarled horribly and charged, a rusty dagger clenched in its clawed fist.
Kariah desperately tore her own jeweled dagger from its sheath and drove it deep into the creature's chest, but the dagger was wrenched from her hand as the dragonspawn collapsed to the ground, leaving her defenseless. The second dragonspawn was on her almost instantly, grabbing her by her hair and throwing her violently to the ground. She struggled frantically to escape, kicking and scratching her attacker, but she suddenly saw stars as the dragonspawn hit her across the side of her head.
Pain suddenly exploded through her body as she felt the creature's sword slide into her chest and emerge from between her shoulder blades, sinking deep into the forest floor beneath her. As her vision faded to black, her last thoughts were of how furious Damion would be when he discovered that she had snuck off to watch the battle.
That was the last thought the young elf maiden had before the rushing darkness overtook her.

**********

Damion fearlessly strode into the dragon's lair, the blazing Dragon Sword held before him as he carefully made his way through the cavern's opening. To his surprise, he found Kaviel casually lounging against the enormous scarlet dragon that was stretched out across the cavern floor.
“I was wondering when you'd join us.” The scar-faced man sneered. He held the pulsating Dragon Gem in one hand as he stared at Damion with hatred. “I was beginning to think that one of my creatures might have gotten lucky and finished you off!”
“You wish.” He snarled at the man, noticing with satisfaction that Kaviel looked as though he was in a great deal of pain. His nose was mangled horribly, and there were large black rings beneath his eyes. What was visible of his body had been badly burned, and he was oozing blood and puss from dozens of blisters that had burst. He was leaning heavily on one leg, and he winced and grabbed his ribs with every breath he took.
Damion glanced at the unmoving dragon, who was watching him with expectant eyes. “Greetings, Tempest.” He addressed the massive beast in a grave voice.
“Greetings, Dragonkin.” Tempest replied, her deep voice rumbling through the cavern. “I have looked forward to this meeting.”
Kaviel laughed a gravelly laugh. “It seems as though you have accomplished something that I was never able. You've won the respect of this overgrown lizard. That is quite an accomplishment.” The dragon snarled at him menacingly, but the scar-faced man ignored her. 
“I’m not surprised that a murderous pile of goblin dung couldn't gain the respect of a dragon.” Damion spat scathingly. His mind was going a mile-a-minute trying to discern what his father's murderer was planning. Every nerve in his body was screaming that it was a trap, but he saw no other way to confront Kaviel.
“You have proven to be quite a nuisance.” The man continued casually, sounding much like he was speaking to an old friend. “You and your friends have thwarted my every attempt to recover my sword. It has been quite vexing at times.”
“Glad we could help.” Damion growled, slowly taking a step closer towards the injured man. “Now maybe I can help relieve you of that ugly lump of scarred flesh atop your shoulders.”
“My, my!” Kaviel exclaimed in mock surprise. “Is that any way to treat an old friend?”
“You are no friend of mine!” Damion snarled, his anger getting the better of him. “You killed my father!”
“Ah, yes. Your father.” The man mocked heartlessly. “I know you probably won't believe me when I tell you that it wasn't my intent to kill your father. I was actually aiming for your friend, Gabriel Quickhand.”
“Sly?” 
Kaviel snarled furiously, his eyes bulging insanely. “Yes, Sly! I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw him battling my creatures back in the Godstear Mountains. The man that had marked my face so many years ago once again stood in my path.” He smiled sadistically. “I finally had my chance to have my revenge.” He suddenly frowned. “Unfortunately, my aim was off, and your father was killed instead.” He shrugged, then laughed. “Oh well!"
This news startled Damion, but he brushed his surprise aside and remained focused on the task at hand. “It's time that you pay for your crimes.” He took another step closer.
“Come, now. Won't you even hear me out?” The scar-faced man asked in an infuriatingly calm tone. “I have a proposition for you.”
Damion sneered at the man, not trusting him for even a second. “What could you possibly say that would keep from strangling you with your own intestines?”
This obviously didn't sit well with Kaviel. He turned pale and backed a little farther away. “J-Just hear m-me out!” He stammered frantically. “I want you to join with me! With you by my side, and the gem and sword reunited, there will be nothing to stop us from conquering the entire world!”
Damion laughed out loud. “You actually think I would join with you?” He shook his head and took another step closer. “Nay. I think I'd rather feed you your own heart.”
“That’s unfortunate!” Kaviel snarled, raising the pulsating Dragon Gem. “I was hoping that you would be wise enough to accept my offer! Now I'll just have to kill you!”
Tempest roared furiously, then inhaled a deep gurgling breath and released an enormous blast of fire that completely engulfed the huge warrior.
Damion had been expecting this, and calmly stood his ground, allowing the flames to crackle around him harmlessly. The flames suddenly died out and he remained standing before them, his armor glowing red from the inferno.
Kaviel's jaw dropped open in shock. He had clearly expected Damion to be roasted alive, but he remained untouched, save for the clothes beneath his armor, which had been burned almost completely away. “Kill him!” He shrieked in terror, scrambling behind the massive dragon. “Kill him now!”
The scarlet beast roared its protest, but lashed out with her whip-like tail, forcing Damion to leap aside, narrowly avoiding the blow. He drew in his magic and sent a bolt of energy streaking towards Kaviel's head, which had popped up from behind the dragon to watch the fight. The bolt of energy struck the wall behind the scar-faced man and exploded, pelting him with sharp stones.
Kaviel cursed loudly, then dove for safety. “Kill him!” He screeched, ordering the dragon to strike again. She lashed out with her razor-sharp talons, driving Damion back as he tried to draw closer to his father's murderer.
Damion didn't wish to hurt the ancient beast, but it looked as though he may not have any choice in the matter. He had to get that gem away from Kaviel by any means necessary! He waited until the scarlet dragon drew back to strike again, then raised the Dragon Sword high above his head where it instantly flashed with a searing light that lit the entire cavern.
Tempest recoiled trying to shield her eyes, and let out a tortured wail of pain, then fell back against the cavern wall, nearly crushing Kaviel beneath her immense weight. He screamed at her furiously to continue her attack, then snarled in frustration and withdrew a dagger from his belt which he sent it whistling at Damion's chest.
The huge warrior batted it away effortlessly, then slowly began to advance on the cringing man, his eyes flashing red with fury.
Kaviel cursed vehemently, then scrambled atop the dragon's back, still clutching the Dragon Gem in one hand. “Go! Go! Go!”
Flames suddenly filled the cavern once more, obscuring everything from sight, and Damion was forced back to avoid a set of slashing claws that raked through the flames.
The massive scarlet serpent lurched passed the huge warrior and out of the cavern's entrance, then threw herself into the air, propelling herself with powerful beats of her mighty wings.
Damion cursed furiously, then raced after them, his anger and frustration building to a crescendo. He watched momentarily as the dragon rose higher into the air, then drew his magic about him and shifted into the form of a snow owl.
Launching himself into the air, he followed them high above the forest, driving himself as hard as his body would allow in pursuit of his father’s killer. He was going to put an end to this nightmare, even if it took every ounce of strength and power that he possessed.

**********

The battlefield was littered with the dead and dying as Sly, Garth, and Dar made their way across the clearing. Several giants still stomped about the area, gleefully crushing the few remaining dragonspawn and goblins that were foolish enough to remain behind and fight, while a small number of harpies continued to swoop through the air, screeching their shrill battle cries. 
“That was some battle!” Garth said, wiping the blood from the blade of his ax with a spare piece of cloth. The dwarf had numerous cuts and scratches covering his face and arms, but appeared to be otherwise unhurt. “I can't remember the last time that I had so much fun!”
“Everything went exactly as planned.” Sly agreed, surveying the carnage. Most of the lifeless bodies that cluttered the clearing were dragonspawn and goblins, although several of the slaves that had taken up arms against their captors had lost their lives in the battle. “We really couldn't have hoped for a better outcome. Those creatures never even knew what hit them!”
Dar's face was pale with exhaustion. “It’s not over just yet. Damion is still in the cavern with Kaviel.”
Everyone turned to stare at the cavern's opening just as a roar of fury erupted from inside.
“That was Tempest!” The tiny Alena cried worriedly. He started towards the cavern, but was restrained by Sly and Garth.
“Stop!” Sly warned, grasping one of the boy's shoulders. “This is Damion's fight. We can't interfere.”
“But he may need us!” Dar yelled furiously.
Sly shook his head. “He has to do this on his own. We would only get in the way. He has to finish this himself.”
Another roar erupted from the cavern, then the enormous dragon burst from the lair's opening and launched itself into the air, the scar-faced Kaviel perched high atop the beast's shoulders.
The companions fell back in surprise as the monstrous beast soared overhead, then they spotted Damion as he rushed out of the cavern, his eyes blazing with anger. His clothes hung from his body in charred tatters, and he was bleeding freely from a wound on his leg. He stared furiously at the dragon for a moment as it soared away, then his form suddenly blurred strangely as he shifted into the form of a huge owl. The owl immediately launched itself into the air, its wings beating furiously as it attempted to give chase.
Dar cursed venomously, then turned to the others. “We have to follow them! We have to help him!”
Sly shook his head. “There’s no way we'd ever catch them.”
“We can't just sit here and do nothing!”
“We haven't any other choice.” The little man's face was grave. “There’s nothing more that we can do. We'll just have to pray that Damion is able to succeed.” He watched with worried eyes as the dragon and the snow owl disappeared into the night’s sky.

Chapter 18

The wind whistled through Damion's feathers as he shot through the air trying desperately to catch up with the scarlet dragon that flew ahead in the distance. He focused on the human perched atop the enormous beast, intent on following them where ever they flew, even if it meant flying clear across the continent. The sky was clear, and moon was full, providing ample light, and making it much easier for him to spot his quarry. He was still quite some distance behind the dragon, which was flying along at a leisurely pace, but he was quickly gaining ground. Kaviel had apparently thought himself safe, assuming they had left Damion far behind in the forest, so he was not pushing the beast as hard as he might if he knew he was being pursued.
They cleared the edge of the lush forest in a surprisingly short amount of time, then continued steadily pushing their way towards the east. The dragon suddenly swooped low and passed over a small farming village, and Damion feared that it was preparing to attack, but the enormous scarlet beast continued on, not even giving the tiny village a second glance.
Damion finally managed to close the distance between them until he soared directly above Kaviel and the dragon. The scar-faced man clearly thought he had made a clean escape and was now cursing furiously about losing another chance at gaining the Dragon Sword.
Damion watched his ranting for several moments, then suddenly tucked his wings to his sides, and plummeted towards the raging man, his razor-sharp talons aiming for Kaviel’s exposed throat.
Just before he struck, Kaviel raised his head and saw Damion rocketing towards him and threw his hands over his head to protect his face and eyes, squealing in fright. Damion's talons missed their intended target, and instead, sunk deep into the man's shoulders and back, leaving behind several long, ragged gashes, and yanking him from his seat atop the dragon's back. He fell through the air, screaming in pain and terror as Damion continued to rip and slash with his razor-sharp talons.
Looking down, Damion saw the ground below rushing to meet them and instantly flared his wings to slow his descent, releasing his hold on the flailing man, who continued to fall. He landed with a great splash in a small pond below, sending a wave of water high into the air. After several long moments, he reappeared at the surface coughing up water and gasping for air. He struggled to shore, still clutching the Dragon Gem tightly in his hand.
Damion glided down to land a few feet from shore, then shifted back into his normal form and strolled up to the injured man. “You made a mistake in crossing me, Kaviel!” He growled, kicking the gasping man hard in the ribs, sending him hurtling through the air, where he crashed into a large boulder.
Kaviel groaned in pain, then slowly pushed himself to his feet, still clutching the Dragon Gem. He glared at Damion, his eyes full of hatred. “It was you who made the mistake, freak!” He snarled, drawing a wicked-looking dagger from his belt and limping forward.
Damion laughed, then pulled the Dragon Sword from its sheath. The blade instantly burst into white-hot flames, seeming almost to draw upon his raging fury to fuel the flames. He squared off with the injured madman, carefully measuring his every move, then began lashing at him with a series of stinging blows that unerringly found their mark.
Kaviel screamed in agony as the flaming sword tore into his arms and shoulders, scorching into the tender flesh effortlessly. Another slashing blow left a ragged gash across his unprotected face, crisscrossing the horrible scar that had been inflicted by Sly so many years before.
The blows were not life-threatening, but meant more to injure and enrage the man, who desperately waved his dagger before him in an effort to keep the huge warrior at bay.
Damion easily avoided a reckless slash, then watched with satisfaction as the Dragon Sword passed through the blade of the dagger effortlessly, rendering it worthless.
Kaviel stared at his ruined dagger in astonishment, then scrambled backwards against the boulder, his eyes like those of a trapped animal. He suddenly glanced at the sky behind the warrior, then smiled and threw himself into the pond.
The clearing around the pond suddenly burst into flames, obscuring the fleeing man from sight. The flames quickly died out, revealing the destruction left behind by the roaring inferno. Everything around the clearing was now charred and blackened, and several small fires still burned among the dry grass that covered the ground.
Damion spotted Kaviel struggling his way back towards the shore, his ravaged face deathly pale from blood loss. He started towards the injured man, ready to put an end to their encounter, but was forced to throw himself aside as Tempest suddenly dove from above, her talons gleaming in the rising sunlight, and a sad look in her ancient eyes. She slammed into the ground with the force of a small earthquake in the exact place where Damion had stood only a second before, and one of her huge wings slammed across his back, throwing him through the air and sending him crashing into a smoldering tree. The Dragon Sword flew from his grasp, landing a few yards from where Kaviel was struggling to his feet.
The scar-faced man's eyes gleamed as he saw the sword lying before him, and he scrambled towards it, his eyes alight with triumph.
Damion lurched to his feet and spotted Kaviel as he rushed towards the sword. “No!” He bellowed helplessly.
Tempest's tail suddenly snapped around and lashed him across the back, slamming him back to the ground and sending the air whooshing from his lungs.
He lifted his head with some difficulty and watched in horror as Kaviel grabbed the flaming Dragon Sword, his eyes flashing with an insane light. The scar-faced man let out a triumphant howl of victory and held the sword aloft, then looked at Damion, who was still struggling to reach his feet. 
“Behold!” Kaviel laughed cruelly. “The power of the of dragons is finally mine to control! With the gem and the sword reunited, the most powerful force in the universe will finally be mine to command! The entire world will be at my mercy!”
“No!” Damion cried, attempting to rush towards the madman again, but the dragon's whip-like tail lashed out once more, striking him across the back of the legs and sweeping him back off his feet.
Kaviel watched his struggles for a moment, then turned his gaze on the pulsating sword and gem. He held them aloft once more and prepared to place the gem in the empty setting in the pommel of the sword, but Snowfeather suddenly dropped from the sky and slammed into his face, raking and slashing with his long sharp talons.
Kaviel screamed in agony and began swinging wildly as he tried to protect his already ravaged face, but the huge owl continued to rake at the man's eyes, tearing one clean from its socket.
Snowfeather let out a loud squawk as he was suddenly knocked away by a wild swing and crashed down into the remains of a charred bush, where he lay motionless.
“Snowfeather!” Damion screamed, trying to scramble back to his feet and reach his familiar’s side, but he found his way still blocked by Tempest, who drew back to deliver a killing blow. He desperately felt at his belt for anything to use as a weapon and felt a small round object in the bottom of his pouch. He quickly pulled it out and saw the strange little marble-like orb that Damarius had called a Sunburst. 
Without even thinking, he threw it hard against the ground where it shattered into a hundred tiny pieces. An intense flash of blinding light exploded from the tiny marble, searing the eyes of the immense scarlet dragon, causing her to fall back, roaring in pain and surprise.
Kaviel continued to howl in agony, blinded by Snowfeather’s vicious attack, his face torn and bleeding horribly. He stumbled about the clearing, still thrashing desperately, and tripped over a piece of driftwood, crashing hard to the ground. Both the gem and sword flew from his grasp and landed with a splash in the dark murky depths of the pond.
The dragon's huge head suddenly whipped around to stare at Kaviel, who was groping blindly through the sand for the gem and sword. She let out a great roar of triumph as she felt the restraints of the Dragon Gem suddenly lift, freeing her from the madman's control. She whipped back around to look down upon Damion, who was still expecting a killing blow. “I am free!” She roared exultantly. “I am finally free of his control!” Her eyes locked on his. “Go, Dragonkin, and finish what you have started! It is time for you to end this nightmare!”
Damion didn't need to be told twice. He jumped to his feet and rushed over to Kaviel, who was still groping blindly through the muck at the edge of the pond. He knelt down, grasping his father's murderer by the throat, then slowly stood, lifting him completely from the ground. “Guess who?” He growled in a deadly voice.
Kaviel's expression was one of pure terror, and he feebly thrashed against Damion’s vise-like grip, his legs kicking at the empty air.
“I told you that I would make you pay for all of the misery you have caused.” Damion slowly began to tighten his grip, causing the man's face to turn to a violent shade of purple, then he turned and threw him through the air, where he crashed into a large granite outcrop. 
Damion strode over and snatched him up once again, then slammed him against the unyielding granite. “I seem to remember promising to strangle you with your own intestines.”
“No, Dragonkin!” Tempest boomed, staring down at Kaviel with hate-filled eyes. “Killing him is not enough! He deserves to suffer for his atrocities for the rest of his existence!”
Damion stopped as he considered the dragon's words, then his eyes suddenly flashed red with anger, and he re-tightened his grip. “Don’t worry.” He murmured to the towering dragon. “He'll have the rest of eternity to enjoy his punishment.”
He drew in his magic, and Kaviel slowly began to sink into the granite, almost as if the heavy stone had suddenly turned into water. As he sank, his body melded with the stone, merging together to become one.
Kaviel screamed out in agonizing pain as the huge warrior continued to slowly push him into unyielding stone until he was completely submerged, then his screams were suddenly cut short.
Damion released his grip and withdrew his hands from the stone, then stared at the granite outcropping with grim satisfaction. All that remained of Kaviel was an outline of the scar-faced in the stone, his face still convulsed in agony.
“Is he dead?” The huge scarlet beast leaned closer to stare at the stone.
“He still lives.” Damion grumbled, stumbling over to the edge of the pond and splashing water onto his face. “But I guarantee that he wishes he were dead. He’s locked in that granite prison, still in pain, and still aware of everything around him.” He was trembling uncontrollably. “He will never again be able to the sow his seeds of destruction.”
“A worthy punishment for one who has caused so much misery and death.” Tempest approved. “I would have been hard pressed to think of a more fitting fate for such a disgusting creature.”
Damion rose to his feet unsteadily and looked around the clearing, and his eyes immediately fell upon Snowfeather's crumpled form laying a few yards away. “Snowfeather!” He rushed over and carefully lifted the huge snow owl into his arms. “Snowfeather! Are you okay?”
Snowfeather slowly opened his eyes and looked up at Damion in confusion. “What happened?” He hooted weakly. “I feel like I've been kicked by a horse!”
Damion breathed a sigh of relief, then gently placed his familiar on the nearby branch of a charred and blackened tree. “You did it! You knocked the gem and sword away from Kaviel and released Tempest from his control!”
“I did?” The huge owl puffed his chest out with pride. “I always knew that I would be the one that ended up stopping that madman.” He squawked smugly. 
Damion laughed, relieved that his friend was uninjured, then he turned to stare up at Tempest, who was watching him with wise eyes. “Where is the gem and sword?”
The huge dragon stared down at Damion for several long moments, carefully considering if she should reveal their location, then she finally sighed a great sigh, and motioned to the murky pond. “They landed in the water, a few yards offshore.”
Damion carefully waded out into the pond, then took a deep breath and dove into the murky water. He swam out several yards, then dove straight to the bottom and began searching the depths for the sword and gem. They were quite easy to locate on account they were still glowing brightly in response to one another's presence. He quickly gathered them up, then propelled himself back up, drawing in a great gulp of air as he broke the surface. He struggled to shore and fell to the ground exhausted.
After several long minutes, he pushed himself up and looked at Tempest, who continued to watch him closely. “What should I do now?” He asked, holding the sword and gem before him. “Should I destroy them?”
“Nay!” Tempest cried, her voice filled with concern. “It would kill all of my brethren that are still trapped inside!”
Damion looked at the glowing objects in his hands. “What do I do with them, then?”
“The only thing that you can do! Join them, Dragonkin! Join them and release their power! Release my brethren back into the world! It is time to right what was wronged so many centuries ago!”
Damion stared at the massive scarlet dragon for several moments, then looked back down at the sword and gem. He hesitated for several moments, then finally drew a deep breath and set the gem into the empty setting in the sword's pommel. 
The Dragon Sword instantly melded with the glowing stone, and finally, after four hundred years, they were one. The sword immediately burst to life, and white flames exploded from the blade, shooting high into the air in a great display of power.
 Damion shuddered as his senses were bombarded with the intense magical force released from the flaming sword. The energy flowed through his body, causing every nerve to blaze alive with power. The pain and exhaustion that he had felt only moments before was washed away by the tremendous feeling of power that filled him to his very core. He stood unmoving for several long moments as the power surged through his body, then finally willed the sword to dim the roaring flames that shot from the blade. He watched with satisfaction as the flames immediately died out, and the sword once again looked ordinary in appearance.
He stared at the sword in fascination for another moment, then looked up at Tempest, who was watching him with large, assessing eyes. “It’s incredible! Every nerve in my body is alive with power!”
The enormous dragon lowered her head to stare at him closely. “Now, what would you have me do, Master?”
Damion looked down at the sword, then back to the dragon. “I am not your master.” He declared firmly. “I am your friend.”
Tempest smiled, then lowered herself down to allow Damion to climb atop her shoulders. “Let us leave this place. I'm sure your friends are quite worried about your wellbeing.”
Damion smiled, then quickly scrambled atop the beast’s massive shoulders, and they set off for the Endless Forest.

Chapter 19

Damion found the others awaiting his return in the clearing that surrounded Tempest's lair. They all appeared rather apprehensive when he, Tempest, and Snowfeather first glided down from the sky, but as soon as they saw it was Damion, and not Kaviel, who was atop the dragon's shoulders, they let out a great whoop of joy, and rushed forward to meet them. He quickly scampered to the ground and met his friends, who were still cheering happily.
“So, it’s over?” Sly asked, gripping Damion's shoulder proudly.
“It’s over.” Damion confirmed in a tired voice. “The gem and the sword have been united, and Tempest is finally free of Kaviel's control.”
“How I wish I could have watched you tear him apart!” The little man said wistfully. “I would have loved to see the look on his face as he died!”
“He isn't dead.”
“What? Did he get away again?”
Damion shook his head. “He didn't get away this time.” He smiled a satisfied smile. “Let’s just say he will be paying for the atrocities that he committed for a long, long time.”
Sly gave him a suspicious look. “What did you do?”
“I just thought he may enjoy spending the next thousand years or so sealed alive in stone.” The huge warrior shrugged.
The scruffy little man blanched. “That’s a little extreme. Why didn't you just kill him?"
"Death wasn't enough." Damion pointed at Snowfeather, who perched on a nearby tree branch. “Snowfeather is the real hero. He stopped Kaviel from joining the gem with the sword, and knocked the gem from his grasp, freeing Tempest."
The great snow owl puffed his chest feathers proudly.
Dar turned and walked over to the enormous dragon, his eyes full of emotion. “Tempest, my friend. It is great to have you back after so many centuries.” He scrambled up her back and threw his arms around her massive neck. 
“I always knew that you would never give up searching for me, my friend.” Tempest rumbled in a thick voice. “I never gave up hope that you would find a way to release me.”
Dar slid from her shoulders and went back to Damion's side. “I owe you a great debt of gratitude. You were able to finally release my friend from that madman's control.”
"I'm just happy it's finally over." Damion replied in relief. He looked around the clearing at his friends and frowned. “Where’s Kariah?”
Sly's face fell. “We can't find her. She and Gretta slipped from the grove to watch the battle, but only Gretta returned.”
Damion cursed, and a cold shiver of fear rippled up his spine.
At that moment, Ket Matoc emerged from the shadows of the forest bearing a small, limp form in his arms. He stared at Damion for a moment, then lowered his head sadly.
“Oh, god!” Damion cried, running towards the elderly centaur, his expression stricken. “No!”
Kariah looked as though she had been beaten severely, and there was a horrendous wound in her chest where she had been run through with a sword.
“I found her in the forest.” The centaur elder murmured, tears streaming openly down his face. “It doth look as though she was set upon by some of the fleeing dragonspawn. She killed one, but succumbed to the others.”
Damion gently took her into his arms, and found that she was still alive, but only just. He carefully laid her down on a soft bed of moss and took her hand in his. “My beloved!” 
Kariah slowly opened her eyes. “Damion,” She murmured weakly, her voice no more than a whisper. “Did you stop him? Is he dead?”
“Aye, my love. Kaviel is no more.” He said gently, holding her tiny hand in his. “His reign of terror has come to an end.”
She smiled weakly, then gasped in pain. When the spasm subsided, she looked up at Damion, tears streaming down her face. “I’m sorry that I didn't remain at the grove like I promised. I should have never snuck off to watch the battle.” She coughed weakly. “I tried to fight the dragonspawn off, but...” She stopped, wracked by another fit of coughing.
“It is not your fault.” Damion said, cursing himself for allowing her to place herself in danger. “I should have been there to protect you.”
The elf maiden shook head weakly. “Nay, my love. You did what you had to do. You had no other choice.” She coughed again, spitting up a fountain of blood. Her eyes suddenly grew distant. “I love you, my warrior.” She managed to whisper with her dying breath. “I love you.”
“No!” Damion cried as she fell limp. He ripped the Dragon Sword from its sheath, intending to use its power to bring her back, but Sly restrained him.
“It’s too late.” The scruffy little man murmured sadly. “She is gone, Damion. Let her go.”
Later, he wouldn't be able to recall the bestial howl of anguish that echoed horribly throughout the forest. He cradled Kariah's body in his arms, grief tearing at his very soul. It would be several hours before he finally regained enough of his senses to rise to his feet, still cradling her body in his arms, and silently make his way back to the secluded grove. The others followed along closely behind, but he wasn't even aware of their presence. He used his magic to dig a deep grave, then carefully laid her body to rest. The others wordlessly joined in gathering stones to pile atop the grave to ensure that it would not be violated by any of the forest's wildlife.
He remained next to her grave long after the others had finished paying their respects and returned to the battlefield to aid the centaurs in the grim job of disposing of the bodies. His grief seemed endless, and he was sure that the pain that was searing his heart would never fade.
A few hours before nightfall, the flirtatious wood nymph that he and Kariah had encountered several days earlier appeared from the underbrush and knelt down next to him, slipping her tiny hand into his. He raised his head and looked at the beautiful creature, who stared at the grave with a great sadness in her eyes. She turned to look at Damion, a single tear rolling down her cheek, then slowly rose to her feet, and disappeared back into the forest.
“That’s the first time I have ever seen a nymph cry.” Dar said quietly as he emerged from the shadows, his childlike face sad. “I didn't even know that they had the ability to feel sadness. She must have been very taken with Kariah.”
Damion grunted, but remained silent.
“I’m sorry, Damion. I know how much Kariah meant to you. We'll all miss her very much.”
The huge warrior continued to stare at her grave wordlessly, refusing to speak. After a while, Dar disappeared back into the forest, leaving him to his grief. Damion didn't even notice the childlike sprite leave. He was sunk deep in his own self-loathing, replaying all the mistakes that he made, and all of the missed opportunities that he had to tell her how he felt about her. Now, it was too late, and the guilt that he was feeling was overwhelming. 
Snowfeather appeared from the forest, gliding down on silent wings to land gently on Damion's shoulder. “You cannot continue to blame yourself, Damion. You did what you had to do.”
“You’re wrong.” He snarled aloud, cursing himself for his weaknesses. “I should have killed Kaviel the first time I had the chance, but I let him escape! If I had finished the job like I should have, Kariah would still be alive!”
The huge snow owl was quiet for a moment. “I know how you feel, you know. I remember what it was like to lose my mate. I felt so helpless, and I hated myself for not being able to protect her. But I did everything that I could, and that's what truly matters.”
Damion grunted, shaking his head. “I can't accept that there was nothing more that I could do. That would be too easy.”
Snowfeather sighed. “You did the only thing you could do, Damion. If you hadn’t, we would all be dead right now.” He turned and leapt into the air to go off in search of something to eat.
That night, the forest inhabitants celebrated their victory over the dragonspawn and goblins, dancing through the forest in glee. 
Damion remained next to the grave for the rest of the night, completely oblivious the great celebration that took place around him. His grief overpowered his senses to the point that he didn't even notice the frolicking creatures as they gathered into a noisy crowd nearby.
A few hours before dawn, a strange mist began to develop over Kariah's grave, bringing him back to his senses. He watched in wonder as the mist grew thicker, forming into a ghostly figure that hovered over the grave. Within moments, Kariah stood before him, her expression calm and serene.
Damion gasped, rubbing his eyes. “K-Kariah?”
Kariah smiled, her eyes full of love, but at the same time, full of sadness. “It is me, my love.”
“But…But…How?”
The beautiful elf maiden smiled a gentle smile that eased Damion's troubled heart, though it did little to fill the void left by her death. “I have returned to speak with you. You need not grieve for me, my love. It was my time to move on to the next realm. You did what you had to do by stopping Kaviel. You saved countless lives. You made the right choice.”
Damion shook his head. “Now, I don't have anyone left. First my father is taken from me, then the woman I love. What am I going to do without you by my side?”
Kariah glided over and knelt before Damion. “You are far from alone! I will always be with you in your heart, and you have all your friends and loved ones who care deeply about you. Do not push them away. You'll need their help on the long journey ahead of you.” He looked at her with a confused expression, and she smiled, gesturing to the Dragon Sword. “You have been chosen to wield the Dragon Sword. It is an awesome responsibility. If it ever falls into the wrong hands, all of this has been for naught.”
Damion cursed, tossing the Dragon Sword aside. “I don't want the responsibility! Haven't I been through enough?”
Kariah sighed, then leaned in close and kissed him gently on his cheek. He felt her insubstantial lips brushing against his skin like a gentle breeze, then watched as she returned to float of over her grave. “Do not run away from your destiny, Dragon Lord. Keep the Dragon Sword safe from any that would use its power for evil. The welfare of the world depends on it.” 
Her ghostly form began to slowly dissipate, causing Damion to leap to his feet in alarm. “No! Kariah, wait!”
She looked at Damion, her eyes full of sadness. “I love you, my warrior. Remember, I will always be in your heart.”
Damion watched with tears streaming down his cheeks as she vanished into nothingness. “I love you, my beloved.” He whispered quietly.
He remained next to Kariah's grave until dawn when Sly came and helped him to his feet, then he followed the scruffy little man back to the clearing around Tempest's lair and over to one of the roaring bonfires where the others were still celebrating the great victory.
Dar immediately forced a haunch of deer meat, and a large tankard of wine into his hands. “You must eat.” He insisted, urging Damion with a worried look. “You haven't eaten or slept in two days.”
Damion nodded. “Thanks. I could use something to calm my stomach.” He quickly devoured the deer haunch, then took a long pull from the wine. It had a wonderfully nutty flavor, and instantly warmed his insides. “This is very good wine. Where did it come from?”
“The centaurs were kind enough to provide us with this wonderful brew.” Garth hiccupped, his huge bulbous nose a bright red. “It is marvelously good stuff. I’m hoping to get the recipe. Our brewers back home would like it very much.”
Once he had eaten his fill, Damion grabbed two more large tankards and filled them with the delicious wine, then walked over to K'thar and Layi, who stood near one of the other nearby bonfires speaking quietly to one another. “Your warriors fought bravely. I am honored to have been able to fight alongside of you.” He handed them each a tankard of wine, then bowed deeply.
K'thar smiled, then returned his bow. “It is mine people and I that art honored. Thou hast saved our home. We owe thee a great debt.” He lowered his head. “And we art all saddened at Kariah's passing. She wilt always be remembered in the hearts of those whom dwell in this forest.”
Damion nodded, his grief still fresh in his mind. “She will be greatly missed by all that knew her. But she is at peace now.” He thought about Kariah's ghostly appearance and noticed that the pain of her passing was not quite as difficult to bear. The pain hadn't diminished any, but he found that it was a little easier to accept.
He returned to the others, then settled down and looked around at his friends. “So, what do we do now?”
Everyone exchanged glances.
“I think it is time to talk about releasing the rest of the dragons.” Dar said gravely. 
Damion looked over at the childlike sprite, his face troubled. “How am I to decide if they should be released? What if all the dragons are not like Tempest? What if they begin destroying villages and killing people? I would have to live the rest of my life knowing that I released them into the world.” He grunted, shaking his head. “I can't just destroy the gem and sword. It would destroy the dragons still trapped inside, but I must be certain that they will never harm any innocents before I can release them back into the world."
“You can use the power of the sword to guarantee that they will never harm anyone.” Sly pointed out. “Let’s face the facts, Damion. The Dragon Sword is a responsibility that you’ll likely carry for the rest of your life. As long as the sword remains at your side, the dragons are bound to you. They will follow what you say, if not out of gratitude for their release, then by the Dragon Sword’s power.”
Damion was silent for several moments. “I need to give this a little more thought.” He said finally. “I just want to be sure that I don’t make the wrong decision.”
“What do we do in the mean time?” Garth asked curiously.
“We rest.” Damion said wearily. Without another word, he disappeared into the forest in search of somewhere quiet to sleep.

Chapter 20

The companions arrived at the edge of the forest a month later. The freed slaves cheered as Damion flew overhead, calmly perched upon Tempest’s broad shoulders as he stared down at the milling crowd below. He had been a little surprised at how many slaves there actually were, and it took quite a while to lead them all through the dense undergrowth and out into open terrain.
Tempest landed nearby, and the crowd slowly gathered around. “My friends!” Damion shouted in a booming voice that reached each and every slave. “You are free! You shall never again have to experience the bitter taste of slavery!”
A cheer erupted from the crowd, and many danced with glee.
“You are free to return to your homelands, and the families that you left behind.” He paused a moment to allow his words to sink in, then continued. “Those of you who have no homes to return to are welcome to join with myself and my companions as we return to the Godstear Mountains, where we will rebuild the town of Sevria.”
Another cheer went through the crowd, and a significant number of the former slaves immediately broke apart from the group, obviously intending on returning to their homes to try and rebuild their lives. But nearly a hundred people remained behind, staring up at Damion with expectant eyes.
Damion spotted the others as they pushed their way through the milling crowd and slid down from Tempest’s shoulders to meet them.
“This is some crowd.” Sly grunted as he approached. “It’s going to take quite a while to make it back to the mountains with so many refugees.”
Damion shrugged. “It’s not as though there is anything pressing that we have to attend to.”
“What made you decide to take these poor people under your protection?” Dar asked curiously.
Damion frowned “I guess I just couldn’t stand the thought of leaving them to such miserable existences. At least being free, they can decide their own fates for themselves.”
The childlike Alena looked at Damion gravely. “Remember that when you make your decision about releasing the dragons.”

**********

Damion stared down at the familiar little snow-covered valley below as he, Snowfeather, and Tempest silently circled above. Winter had come early to the Godstear Mountains, and it was snowing lightly, covering everything in a blanket of pure white. A welter of memories flooded through his mind as he took in every detail of the isolated cottage where he had spent his childhood.
The valley, which had once seemed so large, now seemed tiny in comparison to all the horrors that he had seen and the places he had visited in the months since he left. He was a different person than the young boy had left on a journey of revenge. The trials that he had faced, and the horrors that he braved, had transformed him into a strong, fearsome warrior whose name was now known across the continent.
They had emerged from the Endless Forest only two days before, and after leaving Sly, Garth, and Dar to lead the newly released slaves to the north. Riding atop Tempest’s mighty shoulders, he and Tempest had reached the snowcapped Godstear Mountains in a surprisingly short amount of time.
Damion had been amazed at how fast the dragon could propel itself through the air, and even Snowfeather had trouble keeping up. The weary owl finally gave up after an hour or so of trying to keep pace with the dragon, and hitched a ride on Tempest, hunkering down in front of Damion in an attempt to keep from being swept from his perch. They stopped only once in their flight, making camp in the rolling grasslands of the Deola, but after only a few hours of rest and a hasty meal of dried meat, they returned to their flight.
Tempest tipped one wing and they slowly began their descent towards the tiny snow-covered valley. She touched down lightly just outside of the cottage, scarcely making a sound as she settled into the snow. The cottage’s windows were brightly lit from the many lanterns inside, and there was smoke pouring from the chimney.
Damion slid from Tempest’s shoulders and started towards the door, but stopped short, a mischievous grin suddenly flashing across his face. “Tempest, would you please announce our arrival?”
Tempest grinned, then threw back her head back and roared an earsplitting roar that echoed through the mountains. There were several loud shouts from inside of the cottage, then the front door suddenly flew open and Damarius appeared in the doorway holding his walking staff before him. His eyes widened as he spotted the enormous dragon sitting just outside of his door, and he let out a startled yelp. He was preparing to retreat back into the cottage when his eyes fell upon Damion, who was laughing uproariously.
“D-Damion?” The old man gasped in disbelief. “I-Is that really you?”
Damion, still laughing, ran forward and embraced his elderly teacher. “Damarius, my old friend! It is good to see you again!”
Damarius was still in a state of shocked disbelief. “Damion! I can’t believe it’s you!” The old wizard laughed with delight, then shuffled over to the cottage door. “Skie! It’s Damion! He’s returned!”
Lady Skie appeared at the cottage door, her face flushed with excitement, but stopped immediately when her eyes fell upon Tempest, who had settled comfortably in the snow. All the color drained from her face, and her hands began to tremble, but she didn’t scream.
Damion noticed his aunt’s reaction and rushed to her side. “Don’t worry. She will not harm us. Her name is Tempest, and she is a friend.”
This didn’t seem to ease her worries much, so he quickly ushered them back inside of the cottage where it was warm. He led them to Damarius’s study and settled down in a chair, his physical and emotional exhaustion weighing on him heavily. He sighed, then winced slightly as the wound in his leg gave a painful twinge.
“You’ve been injured!” Lady Skie cried, seeing his bandaged leg. She rushed over to check his wounds, but he waved her off.
“Don’t worry. It was hardly more than a scratch. The centaur healers have already treated it. It’s almost healed.”
“Centaurs?” Damarius asked with a puzzled expression. “What centaurs?”
Damion waved the question away. “I’ll get to that in a little while. First,” He gave Lady Skie a pleading look. “I’m very hungry. Do you think it’s possible for me to get some food?”
Lady Skie hurried to the kitchen and returned moments later with a huge bowl of stew, a loaf of fresh bread, and several large tankards of foaming ale.
“Quite a lot has happened since we left the valley.” Damion began, ripping a large chunk of bread and dipping it into the stew.
“No kidding?” Damarius said sarcastically, glancing out of the window at the enormous dragon which still lay curled up in the snow outside.
Damion slowly began to give them the details of their long, and sometimes frightening, journey. Occasionally, Damarius would gasp, or Lady Skie would let out a startled cry, but they allowed him to continue without interruption. When he had at last reached the point that he must tell them of Kariah’s death, he choked. It took him several long minutes, and another tankard of ale, to work up the courage to speak the words. Afterward, all he felt was a strange numbness envelop his soul, a welcome change to the heart-breaking pain that had been there before. He now understood that there was nothing more that he could have done to save the young elf maiden’s life, and that acceptance seemed to help ease the pain.
Once he had finished his tale, Damion sighed wearily, and sat back in his chair rubbing his eyes. “So, it turns out that we spent the last several months chasing after a complete idiot.”
“It just goes to show you how dangerous power is in the hands of an ignorant." Damarius muttered sagely, brushing his brow lock from his eyes. The old man was obviously excited. When Damion had told him of all the various creatures that he had encountered, the old wizard nearly leapt from his seat. He seemed especially intrigued by the discovery of a colony of centaurs living in the Endless Forest.
“So, Sly is going to lead all of the freed slaves back to the Godstear Mountains?” Lady Skie asked with a dubious look on her face. “I didn’t realize he could lead anyone to anything other than a beer tap.”
Damion chuckled. “He’ll be fine. That old scoundrel is a lot more resourceful than he looks. He saved my hide on several occasions during our journey. Besides, I’m going to rejoin them in a few days.”
Damarius was watching him closely. “So, do you to wish to tell us what is bothering you?” The old man asked, his gaze knowing.
“What do you mean?” Damion asked, though he already knew the answer. He had come all this way in search of advice, and it was obvious that Damarius had known the purpose of his visit all along.
“Do you wish to tell us the reason you would fly across the entire continent on the back of a dragon, just to speak with us?”
Damion sighed heavily, then slowly drew the Dragon Sword from its sheath and placed it upon Damarius’s desk. As usual, it was glowing with a bright light that seemed to pulse slightly.
Both Damarius and Lady Skie gasped at the sight of the legendary sword, watching with fascination as it continued to pulse rhythmically, much like the beating of a heart.
Damion slowly sat back in his seat. “Now that I have recovered the gem and the sword and united them, I’m not entirely sure on what my next move should be.” He frowned. “I must decide whether I should release the rest of the dragons that are still trapped.” He glanced out of the window at Tempest, who was still curled up comfortably in the snow. “But if I release the dragons into the world, the blood would be on my hands if they begin the destruction once more. We have already seen what kind of destruction a single dragon could cause. Imagine if thousands of them decided to just wipe out all humanity entirely. We wouldn’t stand a chance!”
“Well, destroying the gem and sword is out of the question.” The old wizard commented, shuddering at the thought. “The devastation would be unthinkable. Not to mention, it would destroy the dragons still trapped inside of the gem.”
Damion nodded grimly. “So, I can either keep thousands of innocent creatures trapped against their will, or I could unleash them into the world and possibly doom mankind to extinction.”
“If legends of about the dragons are true, they are largely peaceful creatures who prefer solitude. They are said to be wise, gentle creatures that will only attack when provoked.”
“If you release the dragons, but keep the Dragon Sword, wouldn’t you still be able to control them?” Lady Skie asked, her face pale, and her eyes still wide with shock. “As long as you have the sword, couldn’t you keep them from harming anyone?”
Damion nodded. “Which brings me to my next problem. I don’t know if I wish to have the responsibility of bearing this power on my shoulders. Whoever wields this sword could easily take over the world. I don’t know if I can handle such power.”
Damarius snorted. “Don’t be daft. You were born with more power than any other man that walks the face of this planet. You have always used it with a restraint few others could have achieved. It is only logical that you should be the one that carries the burden of protecting and wielding the sword.” The old wizard smiled. “Besides, who else would you trust with such power?” 

Chapter 21

It was late the following evening that Damion and Tempest took to the sky in search of an isolated place, far from any sort of civilization. He finally had the enormous scarlet dragon settle down in a secluded valley that had been spared from the worst of the swirling snow that continually drifted down from the heavens.
Sliding from Tempest’s broad shoulders, Damion slowly walked around until he was facing her. She watched him in silence as he continued to stare up at her, his face revealing his mixed emotions.
Finally, he drew a deep breath and looked away. “You understand that I must try to consider this situation from every possible aspect.” He spoke quickly, still struggling with the decision that he had to make.” The dragons have been cruelly enslaved for far too long now, and it is time that they are set free.” He frowned. “But we have seen what kind of destruction just one single dragon can reap. Releasing thousands into the world could be a catastrophe.”
The enormous beast remained silent, but continued to watch him intently.
“Since you have been free of Kaviel’s control, you have proven yourself to be an honorable creature, worthy of great respect.” He continued. “And many have told me that legends say the dragons are peaceful creatures, the most vocal of whom being Dar. He’s been searching for a way to release you for four hundred years.”
Tempest smiled. “Dar is a good friend.” She said simply.
Damion nodded, then looked up at her seriously. “If I was to release your kin back into the world, could you guarantee they would never harm another innocent? Can you be sure that there will be no more destruction?”
Tempest lowered her head to Damion’s level. “You can control that yourself. With the gem and sword united, you have full control over the entire race of dragons. Your will is their will. They will do as they are commanded."
Damion knew she was testing him and shook his head firmly. “I don’t want to control the dragons. I just want the destruction to end. But I also can’t stand by and do nothing as an entire race of innocent creatures remain imprisoned.”
“Alas, I fear my kind will be forever chained by the shackles of the Dragon Sword. It cannot be destroyed, lest we all die. The dragons will forever be controlled by whoever wields the sword.” The scarlet beast sighed heavily, and thick black smoke drifted from her flared nostrils. She suddenly drew herself back and stared down at Damion. “Your people have nothing to fear from my kind. Even without the sword’s power over us, we would never harm an innocent. The destruction is over. It is now a time for healing.”
Damion slowly nodded, then took several steps back and drew the Dragon Sword from its sheath. It glowed brightly in the growing darkness, and continued to pulsate, seeming to almost take up the rhythm of Damion’s own heartbeat. The hair on his arms was standing on end from the excess waves of power that were emanating from the sword, and every fiber of his being suddenly blazed alive with energy. He held the sword aloft, and the rhythmic pulsating suddenly stopped. The sudden flash of raw power that burst from the Dragon Sword nearly drove Damion to his knees. An enormous beacon of light burst from the tip of the Dragon Sword and exploded into the sky, lighting the entire mountain range, turning night into day. The amount of energy being released from the sword was staggering, and nearly overwhelmed him.
Through sheer force of will, he managed to keep his grip on the sword, and cast his gaze skyward at the pulsing light that had burst from the blade. Hundreds and hundreds of shadowy shapes, filmy and indistinct, moved about inside of the light, never fully coming into view.
“Those are my brethren.” Tempest informed him, her voice filled with sorrow. “The power of the gem prevents them from emerging from the light and back into the world once more, so they remain in a state of constant limbo, desperately hoping for release from their prison.”
Damion watched the shifting shadows for a long moment, then glanced over his shoulder at the great scarlet beast. “It is time for your brethren to be released. For better or worse, the time of the dragons’ imprisonment has come to an end.”
With those words, a deep rumbling began to echo throughout the mountaintops, and the ground began to tremble violently beneath their feet. A thousand piercing shrieks filled the air as the shadowy figures in the light suddenly burst into view in a steady flow of scarlet serpents, each voicing their exhilaration as they reemerged into the world once more. Dragons of every size and shade of red appeared from the pulsating light, joining their brethren in circling the beacon of light high above. After what seemed an eternity, the ground ceased to shudder, and rumbling that echoed through the mountains faded away, then as the last of the shifting shadows emerged from the light, the beacon slowly faded away. 
The Dragon Sword continued to glow brightly, and Damion could still clearly feel the incredible power that coursed through the weapon.
One by one, each of the dragons began to drop from the sky, coming to a soft landing in the snow before them. Damion was slightly taken aback by the large number of the fearsome creatures. There were thousands of the great beasts, each with their own distinct features and coloration.
Once they had all settled to the ground, Damion carefully climbed atop Tempest’s broad shoulders and stared out over the sea over scarlet serpents. “My friends,” He bellowed in a voice loud enough for all the dragons to hear. “You are free!”
The dragons all began to roar with delight, and many began to spurt great columns of flames high into the air.
“Your kind was wrongly imprisoned long ago, enslaved in this gem, forced to be the unwilling slaves of any murderer or cutthroat that possessed it.” He continued as their deafening roars faded. “But that is now at an end!”
Another roar went through the crowd of dragons, and several launched themselves into the air, where they swooped and dove through the air with glee.
“But your freedom comes at a price.” Damion told them with a grave expression. “Though you are free, the dragons shall forever be bound by the power of the Dragon Sword, and the person who wields it.” This was met by a deafening silence. The huge crowd of serpents watched him with wary eyes, their attentions suddenly focused solely on him. “As long as I wield the sword, none shall ever have to feel its horrible shackles. But in return, you must never harm any innocent. Too many have already lost their lives. It is time to move into a new era, where man and dragon can live together in peace!”
Many of the dragons began to roar in approval once more, although several continued to watch him suspiciously.
Tempest raised her head and looked out upon her follow serpents. “We are free, my brethren. Thanks to Damion, we are free to once again roam skies, and make our own destinies.” Her deep rumbling voice echoed through the valley. “We are bound to him, and he to us, by the power of the Dragon Sword, and by the blood that flows through his veins! Forever will the dragons proudly sing his praise! All hail Damion Omensent, the Lord of the Dragons!”
Almost in unison, each of the enormous dragons bowed to him in respect, then, one by one, they launched themselves into the air and disappeared into the night.
Once they were alone again, Damion heaved a great sigh, and slid to the ground.
Tempest watched him with huge eyes as he wearily settled down against a tree and dropped his face into his hands. “You did the right thing.” She told him in a gentle tone. “We have been trapped inside of that cursed gem for far too long. It was time for us to be released back into the world.”
Damion sighed again and raised his head to stare at her with tired eyes. “I know that it was the right thing to do. I just hope that it won’t be a decision that I end up regretting.”
“You will not regret it.” She assured him. “We dragons are honorable creatures. Few will even know that we have reemerged into the world.”
Damion nodded, then slowly rose to his feet and climbed up onto her shoulders. With a mighty leap, Tempest launched herself into the air, and they slowly began to make their way south to rejoin their companions.

Chapter 22

“I can’t believe how good this ale is!” Sly exclaimed, taking a long drink from his tankard. “I just can’t seem to get enough of it!”
“I’ve noticed.” Damion laughed, watching with amusement as the scruffy little man drained the contents of his tankard.
“I deserve to indulge myself a little after everything I’ve been through.” Sly said defensively.
It had taken weeks of slow progress to lead the refugees as far as the caverns of the dwarves, and the journey had been rather hard on everyone. They were forced to ration all the food to prevent running out of supplies, and their journey through the Dead Swamp and across the Misty Lake had been quite harrowing. The journey through the swamp had been very unpleasant, though thankfully, the undead no longer rose to haunt the darkness. But the trip across the lake was a nightmare. It took nearly two weeks to ferry everyone across since only a dozen or so people could fit inside of the covered raft at one time.
Many of the refugees decided to remain behind when they reached the Walled City of Kainpre and stopped to replenish their supplies, but nearly a hundred of the former slaves opted to continue the journey toward the mountains where the companions planned to rebuild the village of Sevria.
Once they finally reached the dwarven caverns, Garth, Gretta, and the dozen or so other dwarves that they had rescued from the slave pens, confidently led them through the maze of tunnels, leaving the refugees behind to make camp. The dwarven king was overjoyed by his son’s return, and immediately ordered a great celebration to be prepared. 
Damion arranged to have a number of the refugees to be brought down to purchase supplies and essentials from the many dwarven vendors, and many of the other dwarven merchants gathered together their wares and took them to the surface, seeing a chance to make a fast profit.
After several days of celebration, Damion, Sly, and Dar said their farewells, then carefully made their way to the surface. It was nearly midnight when they emerged into the camp of refugees. Most were sleeping beneath tattered blankets or curled up near cooking fires in an effort to keep warm, although a few were still up and about. 
After a short discussion, they had decided to start fresh in the morning, and quickly settled in for the night. Dar cooked up a savory stew, seasoned with the strange spices and fungi that the dwarves provided, and they all enjoyed a good hot meal.
Once they had finished eating, Sly broke open one of the many casks of ale he had acquired from the king’s brewers and passed each of his companions a large tankard. “A toast!” The little man exclaimed happily. “To the end of a long journey!”
“It isn’t over yet.” Damion murmured, finishing off his tankard in one long drink. He handed it back to Sly for a refill, then sat back in his bedroll wearily “We still have a long way to go until we reach the mountains, then we have to begin the process of rebuilding Sevria.”
“It’ll be wintertime before we finally reach the mountains.” Dar told them in a knowing tone. “It’s probably already snowing there already. We should winter in one of the villages in the foothills until spring. That should give us time to rebuild most of the village. A new castle may take years to build, however.”
“Not to mention the fact that it’s going to cost a fortune.” Sly pointed out as he took another drink of his tankard. His eyes were rapidly becoming unfocused, and he was slurring slightly when he spoke. “Where are we going to get the funds to rebuild the castle?”
“We’ll worry about the castle later.” Damion replied, watching in amusement as the scruffy little man began to sway back and forth unsteadily. “Right now, we need to focus on rebuilding the village. Luckily, many of the refugees were formerly merchants of one trade or another, and there is even an experienced blacksmith who is planning to help us rebuild. With a little hard work, we’ll have the village rebuilt by winter.”
“Supplies are going to be a bit short for a while,” Sly murmured, still swaying back and forth. “at least until we get reestablished.” 
“The dwarves have already agreed to start sending caravans of supplies and merchandise to help us reestablish ourselves.”
The little man nodded in approval, then emptied his tankard and refilled it once again.
“You had better take it easy on that ale.” Dar warned him. “You don’t want to run out before we’re even a mile away.”
Sly snorted in amusement. “No chance of that.” He gestured over to a wagon that was covered with a heavy tarp. “I made sure to get a large supply prepared days ago. The king was even kind enough to provide the wagon."
Damion and Dar both burst out laughing, then settled back in their bedrolls to get some sleep.

********

It was late autumn when the enormous Godstear Mountains finally loomed into view. Their trek through the grasslands had been uneventful, save for when they stopped off in the fortress city of Mercedia. Dar had convinced Damion that they should pay a courtesy call on the Deolan Council and inform them of their success. Both Sly and Damion objected, but after several days of the boy’s constant urging, they finally relented.
The meeting was far from pleasant. They were stopped by several burly tribesmen as they made their way up the huge spiral staircase that led to the council room. Damion tried with amazing restraint to explain why they wished to see the Council, but the warriors merely ignored him and refused to allow them to pass. Damion finally lost his temper and grabbed the closest tribesmen by the throat, then used the flailing man as a club to knock the other warriors aside. Once the way had been cleared, he tossed the unconscious warrior to the side, and led the way into the council room.
The councilmembers, who were sitting in their traditional places in the center of the of the enormous cathedral, all looked up with startled expressions as Damion burst into the room followed closely by Sly and Dar.
“Who let you in here?” One of the councilmen exclaimed in an indignant tone. “You are not allowed be here!”
“We let ourselves in.” Damion replied brusquely. He recognized the councilman who stared at him with an outraged expression as Tonke of the Worashe clan. “We bring news that you may be interested in.”
“Damion?” Bativa exclaimed, jumping up from his seat among his fellow councilmen. “Is it really you?” The huge tattoo-covered tribesman rushed forward to embrace his friend.
“Hello, Bativa, my friend.” Damion laughed as he was engulfed in a crushing bear hug. “I bet you thought you would never see me again!”
“On the contrary,” The huge tribesman chuckled. “I knew that dragon never stood a chance!”
Several Deolan warriors suddenly charged into the room, their weapons drawn and at the ready. Bativa stepped forward and spoke to them for a moment in their own language, and they slowly put their weapons away and backed from the room.
One of the other councilmen, Wathre of the Hasht Clan, gave Damion a questioning look. “You say that you bring news? Were you successful in slaying the dragon?”
Damion shook his head. “The dragon still lives, but the man that controlled it is no longer controlling its actions.” 
“But the dragon still lives!” Krel of the Nacetre clan declared in an angry tone. “As long it still lives, our lives will all be in danger!”
“The dragon will no longer cause any problems. It has been freed from the madman’s control and will now go back to its normal life.”
“But that only means that it will be free to destroy at its own will instead of someone else’s!” Krel declared harshly. “Our people will not be safe as long as that creature lives!”
Sly laughed derisively. “If that’s the way you feel, you’re really not going to like what else we have to say.”
The councilmen all fell silent and stared at Damion and Sly with suspicious looks.
“What has happened?” Krel asked, a look of dread crossing his face.
Damion gave Sly a sour look, then sighed, and slowly began to explain everything that had transpired since their last meeting. When he finally explained his decision to release the dragons from the confines of the Dragon Gem, the Council exploded with frightened shouts and angry bellows.
It took several minutes for the shouting to die down and for the councilmen to retake their seats, but Bativa was finally able to bring the tribesmen back in order.
Once everyone was silent, the huge Deolan Clan-chief turned and gave Damion a pained look. “Damion, my friend, I’m sorry, but even I have trouble believing that you would do something so foolish.”
“It wasn’t foolish!” Dar said hotly. “It was justice long overdue! The dragons were innocent creatures that were cruelly imprisoned. Releasing them back into the world was the right thing to do!”
Krel cursed violently. “You have doomed us all!” He snarled, his tattooed face mottled with anger. “The dragons will surely wipe out every living creature on this continent!”
Damion scowled. “I have already told you that you no longer have anything to fear from the dragons. They will never cause harm to another innocent.”
“How are you able to make such a claim?” Druta of the Supece demanded, his face pale behind his tattoos.
“I can make that claim because I now wield the Dragon Sword!” Damion was quickly losing patience. “The dragons are bound to me by this sword and by blood! And if any still doubt my word, we can take this discussion outside!” Everyone in the room suddenly fell silent, and he stared at the councilmen with a hard gaze. “Now, if that’s all, we need to bid you farewell, so we can return to our journey. We still have a long way to go before we’re finally home.” With that, he turned and left the cathedral, leaving the Deolan Council to stare after him with stunned expressions. 

**********

They spent the winter in Crete with hundreds of other refugees displaced by the dragon attacks. It was crowded and uncomfortable, and supplies in the city began to run alarmingly low until several long caravans of supplies arrived, courtesy of the dwarves. When spring finally arrived in the foothills, they gathered what refugees that wanted to join them in rebuilding Sevria and set off.
The following morning, they were met by an unexpected visitor. It was still early morning, and everyone was preparing to break camp when the scarlet form of an enormous dragon appeared from the mountains and casually made its way towards the camp.
Several refugees let out panicked shouts, alerting Damion and the others to their visitor.
“That’s Tempest!” Dar exclaimed in surprise. “I wonder what she’s doing here.”
They watched as Tempest lazily circled above for a moment, then dropped down to gently land a few yards away from the companions.
“Damion!” The huge serpent smiled as he approached. “I am glad I found you. I need to speak with you."
“Is something wrong?” Damion asked in concern.
“Nay. All is well, my friend.” Tempest smiled happily. “But I do need you to accompany me. I have something I wish to show you.” Damion gave her a questioning look, but she refused to elaborate. “I cannot say anymore. I just ask you to join me, and all shall be made clear.”
Damion sighed, then carefully climbed atop her massive shoulders. As he soon as he had settled down, she launched herself into the air and slowly began to make her way into the mountains.
“Where are we going?” He shouted, trying to make himself heard over the roar of the wind.
“You’ll see.” Tempest replied mysteriously.
They had nearly reached the ruins of his home village, when the huge dragon veered to the west, moving directly towards a huge rock formation. 
Damion was about to ask where they were heading again, when his eyes fell upon a truly magnificent sight. A huge fortress, carved from the very stone of the mountain itself, now stood high above the wooded valley, looking down upon the ruins of the old village of Sevria.
“Dear gods!” He whispered, staring at the fortress as they slowly began to descend.
It was enormous! It had huge spiraling towers that soared high into the sky, yet looked as delicate as the petals on a rose, and a huge inner courtyard that was easily large enough to hold several hundred people. The stone from which the fortress had been carved had been polished to a mirror-like perfection and gleamed brightly in the morning sunlight.
Hundreds of dragons gathered around the outside of the fortress, quietly watching as they gently touched down in the courtyard.
Damion slowly slipped from Tempest’s shoulders and gazed around at the enormous fortress in disbelief. “I don’t understand! Who built this fortress?”
Tempest smiled. “My brethren and I felt that we should do our part in the rebuilding of what has been lost.”
Damion was dumbfounded. “How were you able to construct it? It would have taken us decades to build something of this magnitude!”
The huge dragon let out a booming laugh. “You seem to forget that humans are not the only creatures in this world that can manipulate magic.” She looked down at him with a sincere expression. “I wish to thank you for everything that you have done for us, Dragonkin. On behalf of all my brethren, you have our deepest appreciation. You may call upon us whenever you have need.”
“I am truly honored.” Damion replied, overwhelmed by the gesture. He suddenly sighed heavily. “I can’t believe that it is finally over. It seems like it was a lifetime ago that I first left the valley in pursuit of Kaviel. Now that it’s all over, I’m not exactly sure what I should do.”
“I’m afraid your work isn’t quite finished yet.” Tempest stated, her eyes glittering. “It is your destiny to be the one who wields the Dragon Sword. You are the one chosen to protect it from falling into the hands of another madman. I have the feeling that the fates have a great deal in store for you, my friend. In the meantime, you have a large number of tired refugees that are going to need your guidance. Their survival will depend on your leadership. You must not fail them.”
Damion stared thoughtfully up at the towering dragon for a long moment, then turned to gaze down at the valley below. Her words made him wonder if his adventure had really come to an end, or if it had only just begun.
After several moments, he returned to his place atop Tempest’s shoulders, and with a powerful thrust of her great wings, they launched into the air and slowly began to make their way back to rejoin the others.

Epilogue

She awakened, her rage burning like a fiery-lake of molten lava. Some unknown force had shaken her from her endless slumber, bringing her back into the world that had shunned her and her kind so many thousands of years ago. Banished from the world, she had remained dormant as the centuries rolled past, forgotten by all, until she was finally awakened by an event that had taken place somewhere that had shaken the entire world to its very core. 
Now free from her endless slumber, an all-consuming hatred began to boil deep inside her black soul. It was finally time for her and her brethren to reemerge once more and extract their vengeance upon the world that had shunned them so many centuries before!
With powerful claws, she slowly began to burrow her way out of her deep subterranean chamber, the promise of vengeance fueling her hatred and driving her on as she slowly made her way to the surface, and to the unsuspecting world above.

