OmniWar: Anunnakx
By Jose Rodriguez Jr
Cover by Tatiana Villa at villatat@gmail.com

Copyright 2016 Jose Rodriguez Jr

License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

~~~~

Table of Contents
BACK
SEARCH & RESCUE
NEW ARRIVAL
IMPRISONED
ESCAPE
ZERA IV
INNOCENCE
REDEMPTION
NO MAN’S LAND
RALLY
STILL ALIVE
SOLUTION
SNEAKY
DATA & PREPARATION
MELEE
PREEMPTIVE STRIKE
A BASE & THE MOON
NAFU
VESTIGES
ABOUT THE AUTHOR


~~~~
BACK
The Saratoga entered Earth’s orbit. She wasn’t the biggest ship in the UEC, but she was beautiful and powerful. Her rugged, long, kite shape commanded attention.
“Send down the shuttle,” Ford said, “We have orders to pick up the Maj.”
“Where to, Capt.?” ops. asked.
“Base Nevada,” Ford said, “He’s waiting for us there.”
At Nevada, David was waiting with his wife, Jane.
“Be careful,” Jane said.
“I’m sorry I have to go,” David said, “This is going to be a terrible war and the UEC needs everyone.”
“All wars are terrible,” Jane said, “I understand you need to go, just come back.”
“From what I heard this war is going to be particularly bad,” David said, “For humans at least.”
“What’s so bad about being human?” Jane asked.
David sighed, “It’s…a long story,” he said, “In a nutshell, the AFU may think we’re someone else.”
“You came back to me once,” Jane said, “Come back again.”
The pilot stepped in and approached David. He could tell by the name tag and rank insignia he’d found his man, “Maj., Capt. Ford of the Saratoga sent me to pick you up.” he said.
David looked at Jane. He hugged and kissed her before leaving. Neither said anything, it was a tradition not to say ‘goodbye’ in case it was the last time they saw each other.
David gave Jane one last look before he boarded the shuttle and took off.
The shuttle docked with the Saratoga and David stepped out. Ford along with an escort was waiting and walked up to him to shake hands.
“Maj.,” Ford said, “Welcome aboard.”
“Capt.,” David said as he nodded.
“We got the dr. and your Horsemen,” Ford said, “Most of them anyway.”
David was shocked, “What, who’s missing?”
“Sgt. Hanson,” Ford replied, “I wouldn’t say he’s MIA, we’ve been getting a signal since we picked up who we could. It matches Dr. Sayyad’s beacon so it must be him. Your quarters and office are set up. Do you require anything else?”
“Yes,” David answered, phasing on his suit, “Old suit you see. I need the latest suit with holo-emitters attached, for a simulation I have.”
Just then, Amy materialized, “This ship is full of emitters,” she said, “So I can walk around without the suit.”
“Don’t go anywhere,” David said, “I’m getting a new Phase suit for you.”
Amy looked at Ford and noticed her insignia that gave away her rank. She saluted, “Capt.,” Amy said, “May I ask what ship this is?”
“This is the Saratoga,” Ford replied, then looking at David, “I see you have an Amy, a personal assistant?”
“Sort of,” David nervously said, “She just goes wherever I go.”
“Then you must be…Capt. Ford,” Amy said, checking her databases, “You are very well decorated. It is a pleasure to meet you.”
“Likewise,” Ford said, then looking at David again, “Wouldn’t it be better for her to load up to the mainframe?”
“No,” David quickly said to Amy, “Whatever you do, don’t upload to the mainframe. Walk to my room and read a book or something.”
“You got it,” Amy said, then pausing, “Where is your room? I cannot tell if I do not upload.”
“My escort will show you the way,” Ford said, then turning to David and explaining as she led the way, “Let’s get you a suit. Our inventory consists of the Phase type XIV in multiple variants. We’ll have to send it to down to R&D to get it equipped with holo-emitters, but it should be ready in a few hours.”
Upon arrival, David walked up to the desk and began flipping through small holographic images of suits. He went through them until he came across the electronic kaleidoscopic stealth suit or EKS. It provided radar as well as visual obfuscation. It was popular amongst the intelligence community, but soldiers didn’t think much of it as it provided weaker armor, and phasing out anything would change its profile and it would be detected, “I’ll take that one!” he said.
Ford looked at the image, “R&D will attach small emitters and maintain as low a profile as possible,” she said, “Not planning to do much fighting?”
“A little maybe,” David answered, “I figured I’d leave the others for the younger guys.”
“Now that you mention it,” Ford said, “That’s why we were ordered to pick you up, the UEC figures we could use your leadership for our ground forces.”
“I know,” David responded, “Will do, but I need you to help me get Sgt. Hanson back.”
“What are you suggesting?” Ford asked.
“I’ll go ahead and deploy our Myrmidons right away,” David answered, “Then, I’ll take a small team to Zera IV to get the Sgt. back. We have to get Peyton back. I sent him there, besides, he’s calling for help and we don’t leave men behind.”
Ford nodded, “You got a point, but consider this…Amy, tell the Maj. how the battle is going.” she said.
An Amy materialized by Ford, “Hello, Maj.,” Amy saluted, “Right now the battle is slightly tilted in the AFU’s favor and they are beginning to land ground forces on Earth.”
“They’re in for a rude awakening when they meet our Myrmidons,” David said, then wondering, “Amy…do you remember me?”
“Maj. David Peter Thomas,” Amy said, “Seri-”
“No, no, no,” David interrupted, “The Tiberius…remember what happened?”
Amy was dumbfounded, “Sir, the ship? That is a different ship. This is the Saratoga.” she said.
David smiled and waved, “Never mind.” he said, satisfied that it was a different Amy.
“Thank you. Upload to the mainframe, Amy” Ford said, then turning to David, “See? We’ll need to coordinate this carefully. We shouldn’t leave Earth for long.”
“Please, help me,” David begged.
“I already said we need to coordinate this,” Ford said, walking away, “Let me know when you’re ready.”
David stepped over to a data wall, and let one of his nodes absorb some information to find his room. There, he noticed the room, while big, doubled as an office. Amy (his Amy) stood by the desk with a blank stare on her face, her eyes moving rapidly as if reading something before noticing him.
“David,” Amy said, “I was just going through some files without uploading to the mainframe. Did you know Sgt. Hanson is missing in action?”
David sat at the desk, “Send a message to his previous team and Dr. Sayyad to meet me here right away.” he said, “Peyton isn’t MIA, he’s on Zera IV. We just need to get him.”
David went to drawing up Earth’s battle plans, “How good are you in a fight?” he asked.
“Not very good right now,” Amy answered, “I can tell you all about combat, but I am not set up for that. Firefights are only ok because I at least need a line of sight to the emitter. Something can happen to the emitter, or it left real people exposed too much, and we cannot be given our own suits and sent on missions because of changing conditions, people thought we were too coldhearted. There are a few exceptions, however, holograms programmed for specific tasks.”
“Makes sense,” David said, as he continued to work, “There must be something you can do?”
“Explore,” Amy excitedly said, “I can explore or scout ahead. I may be detected and ruin the element of surprise, but I can do it!”
“So you’d fight if I asked?” David asked.
“I would,” Amy answered, “I just have to be set for it.”
“I thought you holograms were adaptable?” David asked.
“Today’s simulations are light years ahead in terms of adaptability,” Amy responded, “It is just that when scientists first tried it, the results were too good to be true and we had the Babylon incident. Since then, simulations have been relegated to assistive roles.”
“Initiate your combat subroutines,” David said. “I need you ready at a moment’s notice.”
Samantha, Jenny, Anthony, and Anjum walked in and stood at the Maj.’s desk.
“We got your message,” Anthony said.
“I guess you’ve heard?” Samantha asked.
David leaned back in his chair, “You bet,” he answered, “We’re going back to Zera IV and this time I’m coming with. Anjum, I don’t care what suit you get as long as it’s capable of beaming. You all may have heard that we’ve been getting a signal since the end of your mission, Peyton is alive, and we’re going to get him,” he pointed at Samantha, Jenny, and Anthony, “You three are going because you’ve been there. Dr. Sayyad, you’re going because you’re the expert. Anyone, any questions?”
Samantha raised her hand, “When do we start?” she asked.
David replied, “Once I get my suit and we’re in position above Zera IV.”
SEARCH & RESCUE
In space, the Saratoga appeared in a flash of light similar to lightning, and entered orbit around Zera IV.
“What’s the status of the Tyrant and Goliath?” Ford asked.
“Parked next to each other,” ops. said, “About a quarter of the way from where we need to be. We can send the team down to where the shuttle got them.”
“How big is the planet again?” Ford asked.
“A little smaller than Earth,” tactical said, “At that distance, we should still be safely out of range of any of their weapons.”
“Let’s make this quick then,” Ford said, “Helm, move us into position. Capt. to Maj. Thomas,” she called to establish a communication connection.
“Maj. Thomas here,” he replied.
“We’re almost in position,” Ford said, “You ready?”
Samantha, Jenny, Anthony, and Anjum were suited up and ready. Each nodded to show their eagerness to go. Everyone entered the shuttle. “We’re ready, Capt.,” David said sitting at the controls.
Ford looked to ops, “Open the doors.” she said.
Ops touched a button and opened the doors. The shuttle took off and headed for the planet.
On Zera IV, at the site of the pick-up, the shuttle landed and the group stepped outside.
Amy jumped out of David’s suit, looked up to the sky, and laughed, “You are right,” she said, looking at David, “Jumping out in that old suit was nuts.” 
David shook his head tiredly, “Ground team to Saratoga,” he said, “Touchdown. See you later. Amy, go ahead and take the lead.” He phased out a small mobile emitter and handed it to Amy, so she didn’t need a line of sight to an emitter on his suit.
Amy looked at everyone else, “If you need to say or show me something,” she said, “Relay it through David. I’m linked to his suit through this emitter so I’ll see and hear everything he does.” She went ahead and entered the temple.
The group followed David.
“I see you’re on a first-name basis with your Amy,” Samantha said.
“I wouldn’t be here if it weren’t for her,” David replied with a smile, “Save my life and you get to do the same thing.”
Inside the temple, Amy reported back what she saw, “There is a lot of dead AFU soldiers in here,” she said, “Otherwise not much else. Moving on.”
David and the others stepped in as Amy moved on.
“More dead here than when we left,” Anthony remarked.
“Must have been Sgt. Hanson,” Jenny said, “I don’t see his body.”
“Amy,” Samantha called, “Be careful. Our radars don’t work inside. Follow the signal.”
“Yes, Cpl.,” Amy replied, “Signals is a little bouncy but strong. It should be…” She leaned over and picked up a beacon.
“Amy?” Peyton asked, as he slowly stepped out from behind a statue.
“Found him!” Amy yelled.
David and the rest came running in.
Peyton couldn’t really tell who was behind the suits, even Anthony had on a visible suit.
David phased off his helmet, “Peyton? Well, that was quick.”
Peyton phased off his helmet, “Maj.,” he said, “Glad you could make it.”
The rest of the group phased off their helmets.
“I see you got my team and Dr. Sayyad,” Peyton said, “What’s next?”
“I’ve had a chance to speak with Anjum,” David said, “Amy and her have come to the same conclusion.”
“Anunnaki?” Peyton asked.
“Yes,” David replied, “I brought Dr. Sayyad back because she’s the expert. I’m going to leave her here with the team to see if she finds anything. You, I’m taking out of here. There’s a shuttle waiting.”
Peyton followed David, passing his former teammates and acknowledging each with a head nod. He didn’t have to say anything; they knew he was grateful for the rescue. Amy handed David the mobile emitter before dematerializing back into his suit.
Anjum looked around to find glyphs, “Let’s see. Where do we start?” she said, speaking to herself, “This suit has a much better filing system.”
Samantha and the others followed Anjum and kept a lookout for anything hostile.
In the shuttle, Peyton and David, suited up, were seated.
“I can’t thank you enough, sir,” Peyton said.
“David.” he quickly reminded Peyton, “Just have dinner with Jane and me when I get you back to Earth.”
David had the shuttle liftoff and quickly ascend.
“One of the transmissions we got mentioned the AFU and Earth,” Peyton said, “Is she in trouble?”
“The AFU is trying to invade,” David responded, “The Saratoga dropped us off and left to reorganize and bolster our ground forces. She’ll return to pick us up shortly, we just have to wait.”
“How’d you end up here?” Peyton asked.
David thought about it, “Crazy,” he said, lightly shaking his head, “I was on the Unity. Then we had to separate and I was back on my ship, Tiberius. To make a long story short - it was blown in half. I got lucky and had to do hell dive to Earth before the Saratoga picked me up, and now I’m here. At my request.” he said.
Peyton shrugged, “I guess you did what you had to do.” he said.
David smiled at the thought.
In the temple, Anthony and Jenny leaned against a wall.
“I’m sure glad we got Peyton back,” Anthony said, “It just feels right.”
“He’d have done the same for us,’ Jenny said. “How’s the suit?”
“Good,” Anthony said, “It’s not the latest and greatest, but I’m not complaining.”
“What about that wound?” Jenny asked.
“It’s fine,” Anthony answered, “Thanks to you and modern medicine. It’s like nothing ever happened.”
“I’m just glad it didn’t kill you,” Jenny said, “It could’ve been much worse. You got lucky.”
“Good thing the suit absorbed most of it,” Anthony said, “I’m not sure a lesser one would’ve taken a grenade blast like that.”
Anjum studied the glyphs carefully, “Interesting.”, she said.
“What,” Anthony asked, “What’s interesting?”
Anjum spoke as she read, “It says here that the Anunnaki come here to mine the rings. For nitrogen specifically.” she said.
“What for?” Samantha asked.
“It doesn’t say,” Anjum replied.
“It’s a common element in the universe,” Jenny said, “Most common element in Earth’s atmosphere. We use it for too many things to narrow it down.”
“Wait,” Anjum said, as she kept reading, “It looks like they’re on a schedule. They come back every few thousand years for mining. They’re due to return soon. Could be why these Zerans don’t progress much. There’s much more nitrogen in the rings than on this planet.”
“Does it say exactly when they’ll return?” Samantha asked.
Anjum looked, “It doesn’t say,” she said, “If you do the math, it could be next year, or now.”
“Well we’re outta here,” Samantha said, “As soon as the Saratoga can get us.”
“I wouldn’t be nervous,” Jenny said, “Anjum, didn’t you say we were immune to them?”
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Samantha said.
“Who do you think is crazy enough to test that theory,” Anthony said, “Not I. No thank you. I’ll be the first to admit it would be cool though.”
“I don’t think we can afford another war,” Samantha said, “We don’t know if this story is true, or if they even exist.”
NEW ARRIVAL
“We should be safe here at the northern pole,” David said.
“What about the AFU?” Peyton asked.
“We should remain undetected,” David said, “The AFU should leave soon after repairs, then I’ll feel comfortable phasing off this suit. The Saratoga supposedly damaged one of the AFU ship’s engines. She’s just to pick everyone up and leave, not engage.”
“How are we going to lift the invasion of Earth?” Peyton asked.
David chuckled, “It’s the AFU,” he said, “We’ll need to strike at other assets. Hopefully, Earth can hold out until then. If we put all of the resources into trying to lift the invasion now and defend her that way we’ll lose for sure, eventually. It’s a plan of last resort. Needless to say, we won’t be seeing her without a fight anytime soon,” David looked at the sensors, “Hold on, something is coming in. We got another ship. If it’s the Saratoga, it’s early and I can’t get a read on its identity.”
A smooth, streamlined, pod-shaped ship entered orbit and headed for the two AFU ships. The Goliath suddenly came to life and went for an intercept, the Tyrant followed behind.
“What’s happening?” Peyton asked.
David repositioned the shuttle to give Peyton a better view outside. The new ship suddenly fired at the Goliath, tearing through the giant ship’s shields. After a few seconds, fighters from the Goliath closed in and buzzed around the new ship, trying to inflict damage. The Goliath soon fired its weapons with no effect on the new ship.
“That would have torn a hole in our best ship,” Amy said shocked. She hadn’t materialized, but she could see everything David saw in the suit.
The new ship fired its weapons and hit the Goliath, causing explosions and ruptures.
“I don’t believe it,” David said looking at his sensors, “That new ship isn’t much bigger than the Saratoga.”
The Goliath fired again. Nothing. The new ship returned fire and caused more damage. 
On the Tyrant, “QM.,” Edict called, “Swing us around for a flanking position.”
“Yes, sir,” QM. said, “We’ll be in position shortly.”
The Tyrant came from behind the Goliath and moved to one side of the new ship.
“In position.” QM. said.
“Lock-on all available xenon beams,” Edict ordered.
“Weapons locked.” QM. said.
“Fire when Goliath does.” Edict said.
The small fighters could do nothing against the new ship, their weapons were ineffective. Meanwhile, they were also trying to avoid the new ship’s weapons. 
Both Goliath and Tyrant fired their xenon weapons with nothing to show for it.
“Direct hit,” QM. reported, “If she’s hurt, she isn’t showing it.”
“Our weapons can’t be that ineffective,” Edict said, “We’ll have to fall back till we can figure this out.”
The new ship fired, again hitting the Goliath.
“The Goliath has been hit,” QM. said, “She has multiple hull breaches and fires spread throughout.”
“Order her to stop firing and fallback with us.” Edict said.
The AFU ships made for a retreat into the nearest ring of the planet. The remaining fighters were either blasted out of space or caught by a tractor beam. The new ship didn’t pursue its larger opponents. Instead, she turned and headed for the shuttle.
“Please tell me you’re accidentally getting closer,” Peyton said.
David held up his hands, “I’m not doing anything.” he said.
“We got incoming,” Amy said.
They could only watch as the ship came closer.
“Doesn’t this thing have any weapons?” Peyton asked.
“After what that ship did; I don’t think our weapons will do anything,” David said, “Let’s hold on, maybe it’ll pass right by us,” he crossed his fingers, “C’mon, please, please, please just pass us.”
The new ship slowed to a stop and caught the shuttle in a tractor beam, shaking it slightly as it slowly pulled it in.
“No such luck,” Amy said.
In the ring, the Tyrant and Goliath came to a halt.
“What was that?!” Edict demanded to know.
“Unknown,” CDR. Zero reported, “Sensors indicate that ship is of unknown configuration.”
“How could we not damage it?” Edict asked.
Zero studied the readings, “Sensors say there was minor hull degradation,” he said, “We did cause some damage, just very little. I can’t tell what type of material their hull is made of.”
Edict got up from his chair and went over to Zero’s station to see for himself, “Looks like some sort of composite.” he said.
“There’s trace kolaxus and trinite,” Zero said, “The others I’ve never seen.”
“You’d think we know all the elements by now,” Edict said, “Those are metals, so go from there. What about their weapons?”
The tactical officer, Ltc. Prax checked his screen and was shocked, “They hit Goliath with solarus blasts.” he said. “It’s supposed to be the most powerful blast in the universe and it’s only theoretical.”
“What type of energy does it use?” Edict asked.
“High concentrations of pulsating omnicron particles,” Prax replied, “They used beams varying in intensity, suggesting they can control it and weren’t trying to outright destroy Goliath. We can’t produce them yet or replicate the high amounts of energy needed to use them. That’s why it’s only theoretical.”
“Is there a defense for it?” Edict asked.
“Yes,” Prax answered, “Don’t get hit.”
Edict scoffed, “Some strategy,” he said, “Anything else?”
“Goliath is very lucky to be in one piece,” Prax said.
Zero looked at the sensors, “According to this, Goliath will require extensive repairs, months, it’s unavoidable,” he said, “Right now the new ship found something and are tractoring it. If we weren’t monitoring them right now they’d be invisible, so it’s a good bet they got a small ship, maybe a shuttle.”
“Even it’s a shuttle,” Edict said, “It couldn’t get way out here on its own, and it only serves to show we may not be safe here in the ring. If that ship heads for us, tell the Goliath we need to move.”
Just as the shuttle was pulled in, David was scrambling with the controls.
Peyton looked on, “Did it go through?” he asked.
“I don’t know,” David said, “I hope so. The team deserves to know.”
Samantha and the others got a lot of loud static as the message came in garbled. All of them listened intently to make heads or tails of it.
“Oh no,” Samantha said, “We got a new player in town.”
Anthony shook his head, “That’s gotta suck,” he said, “Being rescued only to be captured.”
“What are we going to do,” Jenny asked, “That thing took on two AFU ships and we don’t even have one.”
“Must be the Anunnaki,” Anjum said.
“Give me a break,” Samantha said, “It could be anyone.”
Anjum pointed at the wall, “It says they’ll come back.” she said.
“Coincidence,” Samantha said, “I’ll accept that, but what sounds more plausible. A very ancient race, possibly extinct, showing up, or it being a new one we just haven’t documented?”
Samantha looked at Jenny and Anthony, neither said anything, they just shrugged.
The shuttle was pulled into a bay and slowly came to a stop.
“This sucks,” Peyton said, “Being rescued and then captured.”
People wearing black clothing and black helmets covering their faces, filed in and surrounded the shuttle. There was nowhere to go.
A beep and flash from a button told David they were getting a message. He touched it and listened with Peyton. It was too alien for the translator, but it was able to communicate some words.
“xxx xxxx xxxx xxxxxxxx, surrender. xxxxx xx no way out. Surrender xx die xxx xxxx xxxx xxxxxxx.”
David phased out his rifle.
“Woah, hold on,” Peyton said, “Even I know when I'm beaten. If we go out guns blazing, it’ll be the last thing we do. Let’s at least find out who we’re dealing with.”
“What do you suggest?” David asked.
“Put the gun away,” Peyton said, “We’ll just leave our suits on. At least they can’t take those away.”
“We’re being captured on purpose now?” Amy asked.
“Relax,” David said, “They don’t know about you. You could be our ace in the hole for getting out of here.”
The shuttle door opened, and Peyton and David stepped out with their hands up. They were then taken as prisoners, their captors were not nice either; screaming in an alien language and pushing them onward from behind.
IMPRISONED
Peyton and David were escorted to a large holding cell with other alien prisoners. Their HUDs showed what was in the air. The first thing they noticed was that the oxygen content was lower. It wasn’t dangerously low, but they would have to watch how they exerted themselves. They quickly looked around and found no way to escape; a force field blocked the only way out. With them in the cell were three AFU pilots who’d just been captured.
“What now?” David asked.
Peyton shrugged, “I don’t know,” he said, “At least we’re not dead yet. Do we have any ideas on who this might be?”
“Amy?” David asked.
Amy spoke in the suits instead of materializing, “Don’t ask me,” she said, “I have no idea where we are; all I know is that we were captured. Kind of stinks; going on a rescue mission only to be caught.”
Peyton walked to one of the AFU prisoners, “You know anything about the people who put us here?” Peyton asked.
“Nothing,” the prisoner replied, “Never seen them before. We hit’em with everything we had; didn’t seem to do much.”
Peyton stepped back over to David and shook his head, “They’re in the dark as much as we are.” he said.
“Amy,” David said, “Any idea how to get out of here?”
Amy materialized right next to David, startling the AFU prisoners, “I can probably walk through this force field,” she said, “Then I will probably just dematerialize because of the field, though it wouldn’t hurt to try,” she attempted to push her hand through but was repelled, “Whoa! Was not expecting that. I cannot even get through. I am also surprised they didn’t disarm you guys.”
“Must not be worried,” David said.
“Must not be,” Peyton added, noticing the others still had their sidearms. He stepped back over to the prisoner, “Didn’t you try to fight back after you were captured?”
“Of course,” the prisoner said, “They completely surrounded my ship. I was outnumbered. I shot but they weren’t affected.”
Peyton went back to David, “We are outnumbered,” Peyton said, “I also noticed none of our captors had any weapons and they’re not affected by anything we have.”
David nodded in agreement. “I noticed they didn’t have any weapons too,” he said.
“I do not see any other way out,” Amy said, “I better go back in the suit.”
“Go ahead,” David said, watching Amy dematerialize.
“How do you think the Saratoga will do?” Peyton asked.
“Crap,” David exclaimed, “I forgot all about them. I should have sent them a warning too when we were in the shuttle. I only sent the ground team a message.”
“I hope it doesn’t take Saratoga long to get the picture,” Peyton said.
“Hopefully the Saratoga gets the team first,” David said, “They can find out that way and not engage.”
Peyton leaned against the wall, “So you did a hell dive? How’d that go?” he asked.
“Long story,” David answered.
“It looks like we got a lot of time,” Peyton said, “I only ask because I’ve never done one except in training, and it might help us get out of here.”
“From orbit, it was scary as hell,” David recalled, “Amy helped me. The ship had little power, so a beam down was impossible, besides I couldn’t reach a teleport pad. I had to not breathe at certain parts of the ship while getting a suit. When I finally hit the ground on Earth I could tell, but it didn’t hurt. Oh, I can phase on special boots with thrusters and gloves that move small things to it.”
Peyton seemed impressed, “Let’s keep that in mind.” he said.
Samantha and the others headed out of the temple.
“We just stick to the plan and wait for the Saratoga,” Samantha said.
“If the Anunnaki doesn’t blow them away first,” Jenny added.
“Will you stop it,” Samantha said, “We don’t know who it is?”
Jenny stood by Anjum and said, “I’m just going with what Sayyad said.”
Samantha was peeved, “Jenny,” she said, “Use your head. If it turns out to be the Anunnaki, I’ll admit I was wrong.”
“Jenny,” Anthony worriedly said, “You are jumping the gun.”
Jenny stood firm at first, then realized how ridiculous the situation was, “Ok, fine,” she said, “You two win!”
Everyone then looked at Anjum, “Don’t look at me,” she said, “I’m just interpreting what was on the wall, and if it is them don’t blame me.”
Back on the Tyrant, Edict watched the viewscreen, “Status.” he said.
“No change in the new ship,” Zero reported, “They are holding position.”
Prax manipulated his screen, “We should be safely well out of range of their weapons.” he said.
“Anything we can use,” Edict asked, “Defensively or offensively?”
Zero pushed several buttons, “Sorry, sir,” he said, “At maximum output, our shields are no match for their weapons, and we just can’t inflict enough damage.”
“Could that new ship, be a new human weapon?” Edict asked.
“Could be,” Zero answered, “Its configuration doesn’t match anything in the registry, and intel says nothing about it. We can try to communicate with them to know for sure.”
“Good idea,” Edict said, “QM. open a hailing frequency. Let’s see who we’re dealing with.” 
“Channel open,” QM. said, “Audio only.”
“This Adm. Edict of the Tyrant,” he said, “Please identify yourself.”
There was a long pause, then a message came in.
“Surrender xxx xxxx xx xxxx xx xxxxxxxxxx.” 
 Edict and the others stood dumbfounded.
“Translators don’t recognize it as human,” Zero said, “No voice manipulator detected.”
“We’re dealing with new boys.” Edict whispered to himself.
Peyton and David could hear some movement outside the cell. Both made sure their suits were on. It was a small group of the new guys. They entered the cell and barked out something; clearly, they wanted everyone to exit the cell.
Without warning one of the AFU prisoners began firing his weapon at the new guys. Their suits just absorbed the energy. A blast hit an open arm and was deflected.
One of the new guys approached the prisoner, swatted the gun away, and forced him out of the cell. It was disheartening for the rest of the prisoners.
Peyton and David felt powerless to do anything. They followed along until they were at the bridge and were forced to kneel in front of a single person sitting in what had to be the captain’s chair.
ESCAPE
“Sir,” QM. Ledder called, “Another ship incoming, this one is definitely human; part of the UEC.”
Edict turned to Ledder, “Contact them!”
“Right away,” Ledder said, touching some buttons, “You’re on.”
“This is Adm. Edict of the Tyrant to the UEC ship,” he said, “Please keep your distance from the unidentified vessel. They are extremely hostile and powerful. One of our ships has suffered heavy casualties. Repeat, stay away.”
The Saratoga slowly came to a stop. 
‘How can I trust them?’ Ford thought, “Status report.” she then said.
“New guys are holding orbit at the northern pole,” ops. reported, “Tyrant and Goliath are holding position in the ring. According to these readings, Goliath is in bad shape. Multiple ruptures are detected along her hull.”
“Can we get to our people?” Ford asked.
“No,” tactical said, “The AFU has moved. They would be within weapon’s range, and if we send a shuttle, who knows how they’ll intercept it.”
“Sir,” comm. called. “New guys are hailing on all frequencies, they’re broadcasting.”
“Broadcasting what,” Ford whispered to herself, then, “Put it on the viewer,” she said. 
On the unidentified ship, Peyton and David were kneeling side by side with the other prisoners.
“Any idea what they’re doing?” David whispered to Peyton.
“None,” Peyton whispered back.
In the suits, both men could whisper in their helmets and it would only be picked up by the other. No one outside was the wiser.
Peyton tried to look back and noticed the viewer.
The new guys, including the one in the captain’s chair, began to remove their own helmets, which was just an automated process of it retracting downwards into the suit. They had opaque white skin with blue and purple hair.
“Anunnaki.” Amy curiously said to both men in their helmets.
“At least we know how they look,” David said, “If I didn’t know any better I’d say they were human.”
The ‘Anunnaki’, a female, in the chair looked at the viewer and said something Peyton and David’s translators couldn’t decipher.
 The ships heard, “Surrender!”
On the other side of Peyton, an ‘Anunnaki’ emitted an energy knife around his hand; like a star lance. It initially made a loud crackling noise before settling into a low hum. Without warning, he plunged it into the prisoner.
“It’s an execution,” Peyton said.
“Stop!” Edict yelled. Peyton and David could hear through the viewer behind them.
“You can’t kill prisoners!” Ford pleaded.
“Consider it an act of war.” Edict angrily added.
“We can talk,” Ford said, “Just let them go.”
The female ‘Anunnaki’ sitting simply smirked.
The executioner moved on to the next prisoner and just as ruthlessly killed him. Edict and Ford both yelled “Stop,” at the viewer. As powerless as they felt they could only imagine what the prisoners felt.
“Peyton,” Amy quietly called, “No time to explain. Please trust me. When David’s suit phases off that will be your signal to do the same and attack.”
“What?” Peyton asked to no reply.
The third prisoner yelled an expletive, got up, and ran for the door. The executioner held up his other hand and fired an energy blast that made a whirring noise as it traveled through the air and easily ripped through the prisoner killing him.
Peyton and David were the only ones left. The executioner wasted no time moving on to David. He lifted David up by the neck and made a move for the killing stroke just as David’s suit phased off. The energy knife harmlessly passed through.
The female ‘Anunnaki’ sitting suddenly stood, wide-eyed with shock, “Anunnakx?!” she said.
“Sir?” Peyton said. Seeing David was still alive, he phased off his own suit and tripped the executioner before knocking him out with a punch to the head.
The remaining ‘Anunnaki’ quickly exited the bridge, firing energy blasts that did nothing to the men as they got up.
Aside from the knocked out ‘Anunnaki’, Peyton and David were the only living bodies in the room. Both looked at each other wondering what just happened.
“You men ok?” Ford asked.
Peyton and David looked at the viewer.
“I’m ok,” David answered.
“I’m ok too,” Peyton said, “I think we better get Amy out here to do some explaining. I only did what she asked.”
David phased out the mobile emitter and Amy materialized immediately.
“You are still alive,” Amy said, “Good.”
“How’d you know that would work?” Peyton asked.
“Deduction,” Amy answered, “Once I got a look at them and saw the similarities, especially with that energy knife, I figured they had to be Anunnaki.”
“Did you phase off my suit,” David asked, “Cuz I sure didn’t.”
“Yup,” Amy said, “Like I told Peyton there was no time to explain my theory and I did not want to scare you, especially if I was wrong.”
“What do you mean wrong,” David asked, “Don’t tell me you took another one of your guesses.”
“See,” Amy explained, “That is why I did not tell you. We needed to act fast. I phased off the suit because I did not want the shrapnel to hurt you. Evidence suggests their energy would not hurt you, but it says nothing about technology.”
“What evidence?” David asked.
“That story I told you on the Tiberius,” Amy answered.
David ran his hand across his face, “Good thing you were right.” he said.
“Do you need us to do anything?” Ford asked.
“Can we help?” Edict asked.
“Not at the moment,” Amy said, “Getting too close can be dangerous,” her eyes then looked as though she were reading something as she went over her database, “Gentleman, your best shot of getting out of here is to find your shuttle and take it.”
The Anunnaki Peyton had knocked out was starting to come around.
Peyton picked the Anunnaki up and forcibly held him from the back, “We’ll take him hostage, just in case.” he said.
“I would not worry too much,” Amy said, “The Anunnaki cannot hurt you, and I doubt they will come up with anything anytime in the future.”
“Capt.,” Peyton called, “You might want to open the doors to the shuttle bay. Expect us soon.”
Peyton, David, and their hostage exited the room with Amy close behind trying to explain, “If they are a species that has come to heavily rely on their energy they would be rather stagnant in weapons development, more so if they have always depended on it and especially if they were not expecting humans.”
They ran through empty corridors. This time, they noticed it was dimly lit and gray with a shiny, black stripe running along both walls and a computer panel displayed on it every couple of sections. The sections were the wall creating a small nook every few feet. The corridor looked like it was made of one piece.
Within a matter of seconds, more Anunnaki had descended upon them and began firing energy blasts.
Peyton and David took cover between the nooks.
“What are you two doing,” Amy asked, standing out in the open. Energy blasts passing right through her, “Let us go. They can’t hurt you.”
Peyton and David stood out in the open with their hostage. They were immune, their hostage wasn’t, or at least his armor wasn’t. Energy blasts created a shower of sparks as they impacted the armor. His skin was immune. Amy couldn’t be hurt because she was a hologram.
“Amy,” David called, “Can you talk to this guy and ask where the nearest shuttle is?”
“I can certainly try,” Amy said, moving towards the hostage. She then started speaking another language Peyton and David couldn’t understand. The hostage said something in return as he pointed. “Ok,” Amy said, “Follow me.”
The Anunnaki firing kept their distance and took turns shooting at the escapees.
Amy led the men to a shuttle bay with an Anunnaki shuttle.
“Good thing we brought a hostage,” Peyton said.
“Tell him to pilot us out of here,” David said to Amy.
Amy turned to the hostage and spoke.
The hostage spoke back.
“He said he is not a pilot,” Amy said.
“We don’t read Anunnaki,” Peyton said, “He does. Tell him his only options are to get us out of here or I kill him right here.”
Amy and the hostage had a short conversation.
“He said he will try,” Amy said.
“Everyone,” Peyton called, “In the shuttle.”
All of them entered the shuttle. The Anunnaki sat at the controls with Peyton right next to him. There was only one set of controls and the Anunnaki stared blankly at them.
 “What’s he waiting for?” Peyton asked.
Again Amy and the Anunnaki had a short conversation.
“He needs a destination,” Amy responded.
Other Anunnaki began to enter the bay and fire at the shuttle. Their energy blasts did little damage to the shuttle.
“Guide him to the Saratoga,” David said.
Moments later the doors opened and the shuttle ascended. When the doors opened wide enough the shuttle took off like a Harrier jet.
ZERA IV
“Shuttle incoming,” ops. said, “One minute till they dock.”
“Hold steady,” Ford said, “I want to know the instant they dock so we can beam up our people.”
“But Capt.,” tactical called, “That’ll involve getting within weapons range of the AFU ships.”
Ford looked at tactical, “Oh, I got a feeling they won’t shoot.” she said.
The shuttle hurtled fast towards the Saratoga.
“So you can speak their language?” David asked.
“Yes,” Amy replied, “It is in the Xurigan records, but it is extinct on Earth. As soon as I heard it I recognized it. That was another clue for who we were dealing with.”
“If it’s extinct,” Peyton began, “You mean humans use to speak it a long time ago?”
“Yes,” Amy answered.
“How could we forget something important like that?” Peyton asked.
“Time,” Amy replied, “Enough goes by and people forget. Cultures and customs change, slang becomes the norm. It is inevitable.”
The shuttle neared docking position. The Anunnaki spoke to Amy.
“Here we go,” Amy said, “He does not know how to land this thing, so be ready for anything.”
As the shuttle entered the bay it simply turned off and dropped to the ground. It suffered very minor damage from the fall. Several people surrounded the shuttle and looked on in astonishment.
“Shuttle is, er, docked,” ops. said, “Or landed…it’s in the bay.”
 “Good,” Ford said, then turning to leave, “Nav. get us into position to beam our people up. Tactical, keep an eye on that new ship, call security and have them meet me in the bay.”
The shuttle doors opened and everyone slowly emerged.
Peyton looked at Amy, “What the hell was that?” he asked.
“I told you to be ready for anything,” Amy said. She ran over to a wall and touched it, “Here, download this to update your translators. You should then be able to talk to the Anunnaki.”
Peyton and David walked over to the wall, touched it, and downloaded the update.
Peyton then looked at David, “Let me handle this,” Peyton said. He walked over to the Anunnaki and punched him, knocking the Anunnaki down, “Can you understand me?!” Peyton yelled, “Can you?”
The Anunnaki put his hands over his face, “Yes, yes,” he said, “I just did what the female said. What else do you want?”
Peyton looked back to David, “He’s all yours,” Peyton said, “I’ll join you in interrogation shortly.”
Moments later, Ford walked in with security, “Looks like we have a visitor.” she said, looking at the Anunnaki.
David stepped forward, “I’ll handle it.” he said.
“You better,” Ford said, “I’ve got a whole ship to worry about.”
As Peyton walked to leave he mentioned to Ford, “Better tell your men to phase off their suits. His energy doesn’t affect human skin.”
“Capt.,” navigation called. “We’re in position to beam our people up, over.”
Ford spoke to a small bracelet around her wrist, “Copy, beam them up as soon as they’re ready, Capt. Ford out.”
A little green indicator flashed in their HUD telling Samantha and the others that the Saratoga was in orbit.
“Everyone ready?” Samantha asked, looking to see everyone was accounted for.
Anjum took a deep breath and looked at Samantha, “You know, I always thought either way, up or down, was a tough proposition. That’s why I hadn’t upgraded till recently.” Anjum said.
“Close your eyes,” Samantha replied, “It’ll be over soon.”
Samantha called, “Saratoga, we're ready.” she said, and up everyone went in beams of light.
When Anjum opened her eyes she was on the Saratoga.
Samantha touched a data wall and brought up a hologram to check the personnel log. She then accessed her communicator, “Maj., this is Samantha. We’re on board.” she said.
David responded, “Good, go to the meeting room. I’ll debrief you shortly.” he said
Peyton sat in front of a monitor in his quarters and dialed a number. After a few rings, his wife, Elizabeth answered.
“Peyton,” Elizabeth said, “Thank goodness, when are you coming home? It’s getting bad here. It’s all over the news. Are we really at war with the AFU?”
“Don’t worry,” Peyton said, “Just sit tight. I’ll have someone come get you. They’ll protect you, John, and the baby.”
“We’re gonna win, right,” Elizabeth asked, “It’ll be an a…wait, baby? How’d you know I was pregnant?”
Peyton was suddenly at a loss for words, “I…uh…”
“Peyton,” Elizabeth called, “Can you hear me?”
“Not that it matters now,” Peyton pleaded, “A few days after I…did the deed, I…uh…scanned you with my helmet while you were asleep. I was…curious.”
“Cheater,” Elizabeth said.
“Hey,” Peyton shrugged, “I gave you a chance to come out with it, remember, on the beach?”
“You sounded like you didn’t want one,” Elizabeth said, “I know I said it was a few years down the line. I was going to tell you later, like a surprise, but you blew that out of the water.”
“I was just saying that,” Peyton explained, “I didn’t mean anything bad by it.”
“Well, since you know,” Elizabeth said, “Are you at least excited?”
“Of course I am,” Peyton replied, “I was just calling to say that I love you.”
“I love you too,” Elizabeth said.
With that Peyton hung up and moved through the corridors of the Saratoga. He was actually relieved to see some sections of the ship. He thought he’d be stuck on Zera IV for a while. The interrogation room was just ahead; as he entered, David greeted him.
“Peyton,” David said, pointing to the Anunnaki sitting across the table, “Meet Tonga. Tonga, this is Peyton.”
Tonga tensed up a little. Peyton had already established himself as the ‘bad guy’ when he punched him. Now, Peyton sat across from him.
“Don’t you have any concern about other races?” Peyton asked.
Tonga was silent at first, “What do you mean?” he asked.
“Those others,” Peyton started, “The ones you executed for no reason.”
“I was just following orders,” Tonga answered, “Besides, it’s normal to eliminate lesser species. You’ll eventually learn, like us.”
“You can’t eliminate ‘lesser species’,” David said, “You have to respect all life.”
“They take up valuable resources,” Tonga replied, “Trust me. We’ve been doing it millions of years.”
“What about us?” Peyton asked.
“An error we’ll soon correct.” Tonga coldly said.
Peyton quickly stood and grabbed Tonga, “Our species could be related and your first thought is to wipe us out?” he yelled.
David reluctantly pulled Peyton back, “Not now,” David said, “Let’s go.” He guided Peyton out.
Peyton took a deep breath, “I know you said to respect all life,” he said, “In the Anunnaki’s case I think I’ll make an exception.”
“Relax,” David said, “We’ll stop them. The team is waiting for us. Let’s go to debriefing.”
“Enemy ship coming about!” tactical stated, “Detecting increase in power suggests they are powering weapons.”
“Arm all weapons and lock on,” Ford said.
The Anunnaki ship fired a single narrow beam of energy that easily cut a small circular section out of the Saratoga. They then used a tractor beam to take the section into their bay.
“Minor damage,” tactical said, a little confused, “Section 27 through 30 on decks 4 through 7 are gone and 18 people are missing.”
“Fire!” Ford ordered.
The Saratoga fired. The Anunnaki ship absorbed all the energy weapons. They couldn’t handle the kinetic weapons, however.
“They’re retreating,” tactical reported, “Energy weapons ineffective. Kinetic weapons did do some damage.”
“What about the AFU ships,” Ford asked, “What’s their status?”
Tactical checked his screen, “It looks like a lot of personnel are going from Goliath to Tyrant.”
David and Peyton entered the meeting room where Samantha, Jenny, Anthony, and Anjum had sat in the front row side by side.
“Stand up with me,” David whispered to Peyton, as they walked to the front and faced the rest.
Peyton nodded to the others as a way of acknowledging them.
“Bad news,” David said, “We’ve confirmed our new guests as the Anunnaki.”
Samantha and Anthony looked at Jenny.
“Well, I’ll be…,” Samantha said, “You were right.”
“Shoulda stuck to your guns,” Anthony added.
“Good news,” David continued, “Legends are true. They don’t seem to be able to directly, physically harm us with their energy. One tried to kill me and Peyton here was able to easily subdue him and scare the rest out of the room. I’ll let him elaborate. Peyton, if you will.”
“The Anunnaki energy didn’t affect the Maj. when they tried to stab him,” Peyton began, “I knocked him out like any other human and took him prisoner and that’s how we escaped. Please also be aware of lower oxygen levels on their ships, like mountain climbing.”
“Wait,” Samantha said, “So we have one, right here, right now?”
“Yes,” Peyton answered, “His name is Tonga and he’s being questioned as we speak. They fired several energy blasts at us. Nothing happened because we phased our suits off. Amy thinks technology is different.”
“Oh, that reminds me,” David said as he phased out the emitter and Amy sprang forth, materializing, “Amy, we were just talking about the Anunnaki.”
“I saw part of what killed the AFU hostages,” Amy said, “I rapidly deduced the Anunnaki energy would not do anything to humans. I still have not figured out why they were there.”
Anjum then raised her hand.
INNOCENCE
“Do we have everyone?” Edict asked.
“From Goliath? Just about,” Ledder answered, “Almost done.”
“Let me know,” Edict said, “Zero, what have we learned?” he asked, walking over to him.
“All we know,” Zero started, “Is that the new guys are powerful and that humans seem to be able to damage them. From what we just witnessed, humans themselves seem to be immune.”
“Both ships were able to cause each other harm,” Prax said.
“Sir,” Ledder called, “The UEC ship is hailing.”
“Put it up.” Edict said.
An image of Ford popped up on the viewer, “This is Capt. Ford of the UEC requesting a ceasefire and an exchange of information.”
“I am Adm. Edict of the AFU,” he responded, “We will agree to a temporary end of all hostilities in exchange for information.”
“Great,” Ford said, “We’ll send some people over right away.”
“I’m looking forward to this exchange, Capt. Ford,” Edict said.
On the Saratoga, David entered a room full of people dressed in white lab coats, scientists. It was amazing to see all the projects being worked on. David found the guy he was looking for and approached, “You rang,” David said, “What did you find?”
The scientist rotated a computer screen to face David, “I was looking at a piece that fell off the Anunnaki shuttle during its ‘landing’,” he said, “We found some interesting properties. We’re not sure what it’s made of, but nothing we have energy-wise touches it. It absorbs and disperses it. It can be damaged with a high-energy weapon, but I mean very high. Unfortunately, higher than we can produce. Even our best ship wouldn’t be able to generate the energy needed. Fortunately, it can be damaged by physical objects. That’s why it cracked when it hit the ground.”
“Good,” David said, “Any suggestions then?”
“Yeah,” the scientist said, “Stick with your kinetic weapons.”
David tapped his communicator and called Ford, “Capt., you may want to come down to sciences. It looks like we better stick with our kinetic weapons.” David said before turning back to the scientist, “How much damage can we inflict?”
“Hard to say at this point,” the scientist said, “Right now it seems moderate.” 
On the Tyrant, “Incoming shuttle.” Ledder said.
“Let them land,” Edict said, getting up, “I’m going to meet with them myself and see what I can find out.”
The door to the shuttle opened. Peyton, Jenny, Anjum, Samantha, and Anthony exited.
“I thought I’d be standing here as a prisoner until you guys came,” Anjum said.
“We have every reason to believe you wouldn’t have made it this far,” Peyton responded, “Intel suggests they would have killed you on sight in that temple.”
Delsha and the welcoming committee approached.
“Welcome,” Delsha said, “I am Ltc. Nichols. Adm. Edict will be with you very shortly. We’ll just wait here. I hope you enjoy your stay.”
“Big ship,” Anthony said. “How long does it take to build one of these things?”
Delsha thought and said, “With our combined technology, about a year.”
“Whoa,” Anthony said surprised, “When did you start building these things?”
“A little over two years ago,” Delsha answered.
“So you’re going to have three by the end of this year?” Anthony asked.
“That’s classif…I see what you did. Smart.” Delsha responded.
“Had to ask,” Anthony said.
Edict came in and approached. “I am Adm. Edict. You have the information you wish to exchange?”
Peyton stood in front of him, “Hello I’m Sgt. Hanson. All we’re asking for is you to listen. We know who the new guys are and how to stop them.”
“Ok,” Edict replied, “However, I will only speak with Dr. Anjum Sayyad. She’s not a soldier and besides, she’s prettier than you.”
“How do you know Dr. Sayyad?” Peyton asked.
“She’s well known to us,” Edict answered, “Why do you think the AFU went after her? Anjum, please follow me to the debriefing room. Delsha, escort our guests to waiting and make them comfortable.”
Delsha led the way across a hanger with ships and troops.
The ship was certainly big. Peyton and co. took as many mental notes as possible as they passed labs and empty rooms full of equipment.
Delsha eventually came to a large room with food/drink dispensers, empty tables, and chairs, “Please, have a seat while you wait.” She said.
Peyton and the others sat.
Delsha pointed to a green button on the wall as she left, “Just touch this to call me if you need anything.”
Peyton looked to Jenny and Anthony, “I want you two to sit elsewhere and phase on your suits, I want you two ready in case something happens. Just cover the door.” he said.
“Don’t trust them?” Samantha asked.
“Just in case,” Peyton replied.
“Do you think Anjum can convince them?” Samantha asked.
“I certainly hope so,” Peyton said, “We certainly don’t need two wars. This one with the AFU is bad enough.”
“Did you think you’d be rescued so soon?” Samantha asked.
“Not as soon as I was,” Peyton answered, “I thought it would be after the war. I was more surprised it was my old team that came back for me.”
“I think we’re all the Maj. had,” Samantha said, “He really wanted to get you back and I figured we owed you that much for getting us off that planet.”
“No problem,” Peyton said, “I just had something to prove to myself I guess.”
“You don’t have to prove anything,” Samantha said, “You’re a great soldier, a hero.”
“That’s just it,” Peyton began explaining, “Everyone thinks I’m a hero. During the Cephei War, I was a Pvt. and I was sent on a mission to intercept one of their tanks. I discovered the location of their base and thought it would be a good idea to take it out. I bypassed the tank and used the bomb to put that base out of commission. A lot of our soldiers died because I disobeyed a direct order.”
“A lot more would have died and the war would have dragged on,” Samantha said, “You stopped it. I don’t care what anyone thinks, you’re a hero in my book.”
Anthony leaned towards Jenny, “So how many kills you got so far?” he asked.
“Kills,” Jenny repeated, “Hate to break it to you, but I don’t keep track of that. I count how many I’ve been able to save. It’s up to seven, including you.”
“Seven, that’s it,” Anthony said surprised, “I thought it would be a lot more.”
Jenny nodded, “Either I’m a very bad dr. or the nanites and suits do their job very well. Maybe that number will start climbing dramatically once I start work in the general public.”
“Yeah,” Anthony agreed, “I’m starting to think you’re very good or I’m very lucky. Can’t say I’ve saved anyone, but my kill count is up to eighty.”
“That’s kind of low don’t you think?” Jenny asked.
“Lots of black ops,” Anthony replied, “That’s actually high considering much of it was during peacetime.”
Just then Delsha walked in, “Anjum is waiting for you at the shuttle.” she said, “Please allow me to escort you back.”
All of them followed Delsha to the shuttle.
“That’s it I suppose,” Peyton said, approaching Anjum. He noticed something was ‘off’ about her, “Hey are you ok?”
“I’m fine,” Anjum answered, “It’s just that the first time someone calls me pretty it’s an alien. I just did a quick explanation and handed him a data file with everything we know about the Anunnaki.”
“Oh, is that it?” Peyton said, “Because you are beautiful.”
“Very beautiful!” Anthony exclaimed.
“Intelligent too,” Samantha added.
“A rare combination,” Jenny noted.
“We hope your stay was fruitful,” Delsha said.
“We’ll see,” Peyton said, entering the shuttle.
“Thanks,” Anthony said as he passed by.
“Fair journey,” Delsha said, then watching the shuttle as it took off. 
Minutes later, Edict entered the bridge and sat. After thinking for a moment he looked at Ledder, “Send out a high priority message right away to everyone on the ship informing them that we have ceased all hostilities against the humans. Tell them to await further instructions before proceeding with any planned actions against them.”
“Right away,” Ledder said.
Edict whispered to himself, “They may be our best weapon.”
X5
The Saratoga and Tyrant were now traveling with their graviton drives.
On the Saratoga, Peyton was sat down on his bed in his room, using a personal hologram from one of his nodes on his hand to bring up family pictures. A beep came from his door. “Come in,” he said.
David stepped in. “Peyton, I just came by to see how you’re doing.”
“Doing fine,” Peyton said, phasing the pictures back in, “Dave, please, have a seat.” 
David sat. “I read the reports of what you guys saw on the Tyrant. Hopefully, they believe us.”
“What if they don’t?” Peyton asked.
“We keep fighting,” David answered.
“What’s our next move?” Peyton asked, “Where are we going?”
“Gezzz Peyton, you can detect that we’re moving?” David said in disbelief and let out a sigh, “We’re escorting the Tyrant. We’re on our way to Guyver Labs on planet Cronos. The Anunnaki ship stayed behind in the asteroids. We left a probe behind to monitor them from a distance. It’s just watching not scanning them, so hopefully, they’ll leave it alone.”
“We getting new suits?” Peyton asked.
David nodded, “Anthony thinks he can get something to help. Right now; you, Samantha, Jenny, and Anthony are all I’ve got. Everyone else is on Earth. You four may be all I need against the Anunnaki considering our advantage.”
Peyton was astonished, “You’re going to wage war against them with only four people?”
David shrugged, “For now, yes. They can’t hurt us so I’m counting on scaring them. If we’re lucky it’ll be a short war. The AFU has to believe that we’re the only ones who can fight the Anunnaki.”
 “Anjum gave them everything,” Peyton said, “If they didn’t believe us I’m sure we’d have heard it by now. Everything seems fine if we’re escorting the Tyrant.”
“They have to believe our intentions,” David said, “We exchanged the locations of some bases, those we already knew about check out with our data.”  
“There goes our leverage,” Peyton said.
“You call it leverage,” David began, “I call it a tactical decision.”
Peyton looked up, “I wonder what they’re thinking?” 
On the Tyrant, Edict, and his senior crew was sat in the briefing room.
“None of it can be true!”  Prax exclaimed, “It’s too convenient.”
“Normally I would agree,” Zero said, “What we’ve seen with our own eyes and the data we’ve collected shows otherwise.”
Edict leaned forward, “Our data also lines up with what they’ve given us. Nichols, what’s your take?”
“I’ve studied humans,” Nichols answered, “They’re a tricky species, but this is beyond them. If they can generate that kind of energy we’re in trouble. Although it seems convenient, we should see this as a stroke of luck. If this had happened any other time we may not have run into this information until it was too late or at all.”
“I’m forced to agree.” Edict said.
“I can try to re-modulate our shields,” Ried began, “A higher frequency might repel one or two shots next time, but there’s nothing I can do about the hull.”
Edict stared at the table for a moment, “What do we know or think we know about the Anunnaki from our own research?”
Valiant raised his hand, “From our own sources,” he began, “We have always believed the descriptions were of the humans. Heck, until recently even I believed them. I thought we were going after them before they became like what was in the stories. These Anunnaki are powerful. We’ve seen for ourselves the energy they can project, and any energy we can project, at least from the stories, won’t harm them. They supposedly come from a place called Nibiru, a place hidden from all eyes. They eliminate any species they deem a threat and keep lesser ones from becoming advanced.”
Edict stood and walked over to a monitor on the wall behind him, “That explains why the Zerans never developed space travel despite their knowledge. They were smart to just lay low, but we don’t have that luxury. Do we know where to find this Nibiru?”
Valiant shook his head, “If we can’t even hurt them why would we want to know,” he said, “Besides, according to legend it can’t be found.”
“There has to be some way to fight them,” Exio said, “If it’s anything I’ve learned over the years is that everyone has a weakness.”
“Humans,” Valiant answered.
“Yes,” Exio said, “However, there must be more to it.” 
“Maybe there is,” Edict said, “Maybe there isn’t. Right now we need to protect them.”
“There is one thing,” Zero said, “According to sensors the human projectile weapons were able to cause some damage. I would suggest we refit ours for the same.”
“I knew it!” Exio said.
“Calm down, Exio,” Edict said, “We’re still not immune like the humans. Zero, can we outfit our guns for ballistics now?”
Zero nodded, “It’ll take time to replace our energy ones, but we can do it.”
Edict sat back down, “Get started.”
On the Saratoga, Anthony was in his assigned quarters making a call. After a few moments, a man appeared on the monitor.
“Hello Prof. Petersen, It’s Anthony Azande. I got your message. What’s up?” he said.
“Anthony, I know there’s a war going on, but this is important. I think I can help. Please get here quick.” Prof. Petersen replied.
“We’re already on our way,” Anthony replied.
Samantha and Jenny were in the gym running laps.
“So where do you think you’ll go next?” Jenny asked.
Samantha thought for a moment, “I think we’ll be together for a while.” she answered.
“Really?” Jenny said.
“Look around,” Samantha said, “I don’t know about you, but I didn’t see any other soldiers besides Peyton, Anthony, and the Maj. Just crew. That must mean the other soldiers are deployed, leaving just us.”
Jenny realized Samantha had to be right, “Ship does seem empty. What’s do you think is next?” she asked.
Samantha shrugged, “That’s anyone’s guess. I’m just sure it’ll be together.”
“I heard you were in Operation Kuatarin. What was that like?” Jenny asked.
“A lot of close-quarters combat,” Samantha replied, “That’s pretty much how I got my suit. The whole thing ended when I took out the leader.”
“I heard it was quite a battle,” Jenny said.
Samantha gave another shrug, “It was so-so.” she answered, “What about you, what’s your story?”
“I just wanted to be a doc and help people,” Jenny replied.
“Is that so,” Samantha said, “Weren’t you the one who discovered the Venati?”
Jenny smiled, “I didn’t exactly discover them, but I did find a way to fight them.” she said, “We know a lot more about them now. Like they’re a lifeform, but not like ordinary bacteria. No bacteria does what they do to the body. Starving it of nitrogen, consuming it and taking control. That’s why they attack, to find more. They’re not even classified as a disease. They’re unisex and actually have what we think are organs. In the average person, they’re semi-dormant until the body dies, or if active ones invade another body. They do seem to possess rudimentary knowledge, instincts. We also found that the Odians are immune to them. Right now we’re trying to find a way to communicate with them”
“Sounds like you know a lot,” Samantha said.
“It’s the only species I keep up with outside the medical field,” Jenny replied.
“At least now I know who to call if I ever have to deal with them,” Samantha said.
The Saratoga settled into orbit with the Tyrant around Cronos.
Peyton, Samantha, Jenny, Anthony, and David assembled.
“Ok, are we ready?” David asked.
Everyone phased on their suits and took their place on the teleport pads.
David then used the HUD in his suit to activate the teleporters. Once the computer detected they were ready it sent them on their way. Down in a beam of light, they went, landing them calmly at a set of predetermined coordinates.
Prof. Petersen came running out of a nearby building, “Thank goodness you’re here. No time for chitchat. Please come with me.” he said.
Prof. Petersen hurriedly led the way.
“Even I’ve never been in these rooms,” Anthony whispered in his suit.
The rooms were empty of people, but they could see there was a lot of equipment lying around.
They came to an empty room big enough for them to lineup and Prof. Petersen to move to the other side. “We’re here,” he said, “Anthony, you and three friends can phase out your suits. I have different ones for you.”
David, figuring his team would need the new suits, kept his on, “Go ahead, people. Do as he says.”
Anthony and the rest did as instructed, phasing out their suits, which just fell in pieces around them. 
The wall behind Prof. Petersen slid open to reveal a new suit. It looked similar to the ones they had on, but this one was sleeker with no modules protruding, “Let me introduce you all to the X5,” he began, “These are only prototypes. That’s why we only have four. There are others in the wings, but they’re not ready yet. We were going to mass-produce them and release them after the cuatro, but desperate times call for desperate measures.”
Prof. Petersen walked into the room behind him and came out with four cubes. He handed each of them to Anthony and his friends, “Go ahead phase those in,” he said, “The suits are self-assembling. So once you phase them in you should be able to phase them on.”
Anthony phased his in first. Then phased on his new suit, “It works!” he said.
The rest phased in their cubes and phased on their new suits.
“Besides being multi-environmental like other suits, these have an advanced cloaking system that should render you invisible to all sensors,” Prof. Petersen began, “You can activate it with the HUD.”
One by one, Anthony and the others began to disappear.
Prof. Petersen was more excited than anybody else, “Any modules we release will be self-contained within the suit, so you just have to phase it in. You may have also noticed new memories. We can upload those in the neural interlink. These suits have every form of hand-to-hand combat already uploaded into them. Also, they can self-regenerate from minor damage, nothing catastrophic. Sensors have been upgraded so you can detect each other and anything outside the visual or hearing spectrum. Enhanced senses will let you be more aware of your surroundings. They also come with a built-in streamlined jetpack. You can see it, but it’s whisper quiet. There're m&m boots, short for magnetic and maneuvering. These will let you stick to the hull and will allow you to maneuver in outer space. Long arms, the gloves, are for attracting inanimate objects to you. Those have a limit on the distance and size of what you can attract to you. We’ve added star lances to each elbow and knee, and we’ve included weapons that use energy to cut down on space.”
“Sounds like you thought of everything,” Peyton said.
“There is one more thing,” Prof. Petersen said, “It’s sort of a last resort. The suit goes into a self-preservation mode. Within the suit, there’s what we’re calling the EDI. It stands for energy dispersal initiative. Basically, if the suit detects distress in you and you can’t do anything the suit will take most of any of the remaining energy and disperse it. It can be omnidirectional or targeted. You can access it, but it’s a one-time deal before it has to recharge again.”
Anthony phased off his helmet and approached Prof. Petersen to shake his hand, “Thank you.” Anthony said.
“These will be a big help against the Anunnaki,” David said.
“The who?’ Prof. Petersen asked.
“New bad guys,” David answered, “We’ll send you info soon.”
Prof. Petersen nodded, “Have fun and good luck.”
REDEMPTION
Edict was sitting in his room when there was a beeping noise at his door, “Enter.” he said.
The door slid open revealing Prax. He walked over to Edict and handed him a small datapad, “These are the latest reports on the human’s status from our initial attack.”
Edict read the data then looked at Prax, “It says their military strength is down to eighty percent and their population is down to seventy percent.”
“Those are just estimates,” Prax said, “There could be more we don’t know about.”
“Let’s get back to the bridge.” Edict said.
On the Saratoga, Ford was sitting in her room sipping her coffee when there was a beeping at her door, “Come.” she said.
Her tactical officer walked in and handed her a datapad.
Ford read the data and let out a sigh, “According to this we’d be all tied up in a year.”
“It’s an estimate,” her tactical officer said, “I’m sure things would turn out different with our Myrmidons.”
Ford sighed again, “I can forget that trip to Rena if this doesn’t end soon”
Her tactical officer wasn’t concerned, “With the new suits the Myrmidons got I’m sure it will be.”
Her comms officer beeped in over the radio, “Capt., we’re receiving an incoming call from the Tyrant.”
“I’ll take it here,” Ford said, moving over to a nearby monitor and touching a button.
Edict appeared on the monitor a moment later, “Capt. I wish to talk with you and the leader of your Myrmidons.”
“I’m sure that can be arranged,” Ford said, “When and where would you like to meet?”
“I’ll travel to your ship right now.” Edict replied.
“My briefing room then?” Ford asked.
“That’ll be fine,” Edict answered, “See you soon, Capt. Ford. Edict, out.”
“Ford, out,” She said, before touching a button to end the call. She turned immediately to leave, “Capt. Ford to Maj. Thomas.” She called over the radio.
“Dave here,” he replied over the radio.
“Meet me in the briefing room right away,” Ford said, putting on a holster with a knife.
“Yes, ma’am,” David said.
In the briefing room, Ford and David were sitting at a table.
“Edict wants to meet with the leader of the Myrmidons,” Ford said, “Right now, you’re the closest thing I have to it, so get used to the title.”
“Do you have any idea what this is about?” David asked.
“No,” Ford answered, “He just said he wanted to meet with us.”
“How’s the single life?” David asked.
“Can’t complain,” Ford replied, “Not that I’m afraid or anything. I just value my independence too much. I’ve been in love plenty of times, but then I remember what I want most.”
“Which is?” David asked.
“A career,” Ford answered.
“No reason you can’t have both,” David said.
“I know, but I want to focus on one thing at a time,” Ford said, “Speaking of – how’s Jane and the kids?”
“Jane is fine,” David answered, “Both kids have moved out and moved on. My son won’t tell me what he does. He works for Pandora.”
Ford chuckled, “No wonder he doesn’t tell you. The whole company is labeled top secret. I didn’t even know they were real until you just said something.”
“He probably told me that much so I’d quit asking,” David said, “Since then I’ve only seen him on special occasions. He seems well off and doesn’t ask for anything, so I assume he’s telling the truth. My daughter got into the medical field. My wife and I are just old people traveling and doing sightseeing when we can.”
Ford could barely contain her laughter, “Don’t say your old,” she said, “You still got plenty of good years in you.”
Edict walked in under escort.
Ford and David stood.
“Adm., please have a seat,” Ford said.
Edict sat directly opposite of the humans.
“First, allow me to apologize for the AFU’s attack,” Edict said, “It was done due to a misinterpretation of a story that mistook you for the Anunnaki. I have already broadcasted a ceasefire order. Now, I would like to offer the AFU’s assistance in any way. An alliance if you will.”
Ford and David were taken aback by Edict’s offer. It wasn’t entirely expected and it felt the UEC just got the bolster it would need.
Ford spoke first, “I’m not exactly authorized for such a thing, but I’m not about to turn that down either.”
“Such an alliance would greatly augment our soldiers on the field,” David added.
“Consider this a yes for the time being,” Ford said, “I’ll broadcast a message right away informing our forces of our alliance.”
“As will I,” Edict said, “Let this be the beginning of the end for the Anunnaki.”
After Edict’s shuttle entered the Tyrant several moments passed before both ships activated their graviton drives and took off.
On the Saratoga, “Tony, is there a reason for this?” Peyton asked, gathering with Samantha, Jenny, and Anthony in a holosuite.
“Yup,” Anthony answered, “I know you all want to test out these new suits. I know just the right program for that. This ship was connected to Unity so it should have it. Computer, do you have the program Darryl two?”
“Yes,” the computer said, “That program is in the database.”
“Good,” Anthony said, then turning to everyone, “This is a combat simulation so get ready. Computer, run simulation Darryl two, maximum difficulty.”
Everyone phased on their suits and ran off.
Anthony went into a building and cloaked. He took his original sniping position and fired on the soldiers coming to swarm the building, but this time, they couldn’t detect him.
Anthony was still bombarded by gunfire, but they weren’t as close as before.
Jenny had also run into a building and cloaked. She waited until soldiers had entered and were deep into searching before striking. The soldiers couldn’t detect her, even when she unleashed a barrage of hand-to-hand combat that disarmed two soldiers and took them out at the same time.
The other soldiers could only blind fire in all directions.
It wasn’t until she ran into the middle of a stairwell and activated her jetpack she became visible. As she ascended, she threw grenades onto each floor taking out numerous soldiers in each staircase. She also saw in her HUD that the suit uncloaked to conserve some energy from using the jetpack and the grenades looked different. They didn’t have a casing and coursed with energy like they were on fire.
She flew onto one of the floors and began taking soldiers out with hand-to-hand combat. She performed moves she hadn’t known before, but now with the suit, she was an expert. It was quick and efficient.
Samantha had taken cover on a railing projecting out from a building. She waited as a tank went underneath before dropping down on it. It didn’t have any hatch she could open. There were viewports for the people inside. She busted her hand inside one of them and phased a grenade into the tank before jumping off.
The few soldiers escorting the tank were physically no match for her and she didn’t give them a chance to fire on her.
Another tank came into view, but there was no way it could track her.
Samantha was too fast for the tank to keep up. She ran onto it and busted her hand into another viewport before phasing out another grenade to put the tank out of commission. She moved on to the escorts as it blew up.
Peyton hid around the corner of a building. As soldiers came by he jumped out and used his star lances to cut them down. He was impressed at what he was able to do now. One or two soldiers at a time were able to get shots off before he got to them. His shields eventually faded and he took some hits. The suit repaired itself on the fly.
Peyton could have avoided much of the damage, but he wanted to push the suit hard and see what it was capable of. In a dilapidated area between buildings, he allowed himself to be surrounded and overwhelmed with soldiers. His arms were held out as a soldier came around and took aim. Peyton indicated with his HUD that EDI was needed. In an instant the entire area exploded with energy, killing everyone around the suit.
Samantha came running, “Peyton, are you alright?”
“Yeah,” Peyton said, “Just putting the suit through its paces. My energy is really low, but I can still use the suit’s hand-to-hand combat abilities.”
“I’ll stick close and provide support if you need it,” Samantha said, before cloaking herself.
“Just wondering,” Peyton said, “Can you still hear me?”
“Loud and clear” Samantha replied.
“Good,” Peyton said, “Everyone, let’s finish mopping up and regroup in the alley between Superior and Benton St.”
Anthony took out several soldiers in a room by his original hiding spot. Several more ran in, but they couldn’t see him.
Anthony was like a ghost as he dispatched them. The soldiers keeled over and flipped when he struck them.
Jenny worked her way up some stairs and into a room. There was a lot of wild firing as she moved weapons out of the way to get to the soldiers behind them. Even those that were able to only got a shot or two off before she got to them.
After the last soldier and making sure no one was around, Jenny jumped through a window and landed safely on the ground before running off.
Peyton took out a few soldiers on the way as Samantha dealt with a nearby tank.
 Anthony joined his team in the alley, “That was all of them,” he said, “We actually did it.”
“Nice suits,” Peyton said, “Anyone find anything out we should know?”
Jenny raised her hand, “You can’t use the cloak and jetpack at the same time.”
Peyton nodded, “This was good practice,” he said, “What do you all say we do this again?”
NO MAN’S LAND
On Earth, Elizabeth kept looking out her bedroom window. It was night and she could see distant fires and explosions getting closer. She was scared but waited patiently. Peyton said he’d send someone for her, but she began to wonder if he’d forgotten. Getting antsy, she went downstairs to check on John.
Elizabeth opened the door to the holoroom and stepped in. It was like entering another world, this one was a jungle, “John,” she called. There was no answer, “Computer, pause simulation."
The house did as instructed. Elizabeth didn’t want to outright turn it off, for all she knew John was saving his progress. She sighed and then said, “Computer, save simulation and turn off.”
“Saving and terminating simulation.” the computer said.
The simulation ended, revealing John at one end of the room, “Mom! I was the middle of a level.” he said.
 “How are you doing?” Elizabeth asked.
“I was winning until you turned it off,” John said.
“Did you talk to any of your friends online?” Elizabeth nervously asked
“Last one was Jameson before he had to leave with his family,” John answered.
“Did he say where?” Elizabeth excitedly asked.
John thought for a moment, “East High School for military reporting. Something about the war with the AFU and that it’s supposed to be a safe place.”
Elizabeth didn’t tell John about what was happening. She didn’t want him to worry, “That’s not far,” she said, “Maybe we should go.”
Right then the doorbell sounded. Elizabeth walked out to check the door.
“Computer, continue simulation.” John said.
The jungle faded back into existence and John was armored up like a Myrmidon.
Elizabeth was about to open the door expecting help to finally have arrived. So she was surprised when an AFU soldier busted his way in.
The soldier aimed at Elizabeth before being shot in the back himself.
Four Myrmidons rushed in among explosions that were now dangerously close.
One of the Myrmidons approached Elizabeth, “Sorry, we came as soon as we could. Your husband sent us. I’m Matt,” he said, then pointing to each person on his team, “That’s Brent, that’s Kristy, and that’s Lisa.”
Elizabeth gasped, “Thank goodness you’re all here.”
“Now that we’re here you need to come with us now.” Matt said, “The AFU will completely swarm the area in a few minutes. Where’s John?”
“Last door down the hall. In the holoroom running a simulation.” Elizabeth answered.
“Brent, Kristy, go get him and let’s get out of here,” Matt said.
Brent and Kristy ran to the door.
As it opened, an AFU soldier was standing there firing. Brent immediately saw him and took cover by the side of the door.
Kristy laughed, “It’s just a simulation.” she said, walking in, “Computer, freeze program.”
“Freezing.” the computer said. Immediately the program froze and John jumped out from his hiding spot.
“What’s the big…whoa, you guys are real Myrmidons?” John asked.
“Yes,” Brent answered, “You and your mom need to come with us now?”
“We’re in great danger if we stay here,” Kristy said.
John didn’t have to be told twice, especially from a Myrmidon. He followed them back to his mom.
“Is there a back way out of here?” Matt asked.
“Yes,” Elizabeth pointed, “That way, through the kitchen.”
Everyone hurried their way through the kitchen and out.
It was here Matt saw an abandoned car, “There,” he pointed, “Come on.”
It was a nicer car with no wheels, it hovered.
Inside, Lisa took the driver’s seat and used her HUD to hack it and take control, “Hang on!” she screamed as the car went ahead full blast. She cut through yards, crashing through fences.
Elizabeth looked back and saw her house suddenly explode.
“Be careful,” Kristy said, “We got a road ahead but also a pack of AFU soldiers with a mech.”
A large energy blast struck near the car causing Lisa to veer into the next garden and crash through more fences.
“We’ll go faster if I can get on a road,” Lisa said.
“Just move the car over,” Brent said, “We should be far enough away from them now.”
Lisa went through a few more yards, “Here goes nothing.” she said, moving the car onto the street and immediately coming under attack from behind. The car swerved side-to-side as it pulled further away from AFU forces, narrowly avoiding explosions.
Dodging various rubble, Lisa eventually made it onto a highway.
An AFU starfighter that had penetrated the atmosphere came in from behind.
Lisa detected it on her HUD’s radar right away, “We got company,” she said, “Behind us, AFU fighter.”
Matt, Brent, and Kristy leaned out of the windows and phased out their weapons. The three of them and the starfighter shot at each other, though it was difficult to hit anything with both swerving to avoid gunfire.
Matt changed weapons from his rifle to a missile launcher. He waited patiently for a lock. It came just as the starfighter paused momentarily to acquire a lock of its own. Both fired simultaneously.
The starfighter fired its own missile as it pulled away and released countermeasures just as it was struck and destroyed.
Lisa’s warnings on her HUD, of the incoming missile, caused her to slam on the brake. The missile struck, damaging the road right in the front of the car. Fire spread over the hood like someone dump a bucket of water on it.
“Nailed him!” Matt said.
“Goodness, that was close,” Lisa said. It was then she realized the car was off. Trying to restart it was proving pointless.
Brent leaned back in, “Let’s get going.” he said.
Lisa tried starting the car one more time, “I can’t,” she replied, “It’s dead. The explosion must have fried the circuits.”
“Then we go on foot,” Matt said, “Everyone, out of the car.”
Everyone exited and went around the new crater in front of the car.
“Kristy, take point,” Matt ordered, “Lisa, keep Elizabeth and John between us. Brent, cover the rear.”
Off the highway, they made haste between buildings.
“Sensors show we’re ahead by a few minutes,” Kristy said.
“Good,” Matt replied, “Let’s keep it that way. Hurry people.”
They wasted no time crossing an abandoned street as a group to move on.
“Isn’t East High that way?” Elizabeth asked.
“We’re not going to East High,” Matt responded, “It’s getting too dangerous, so it had to be evacuated. We’re going to the outlet mall. It’s bigger and better defended.”
Elizabeth then felt a little relief that she waited for help.
“Right this way,” Matt said.
It didn’t take long to reach the mall. They entered through a set of makeshift gates, and through part of what used to be a parking lot flanked by interconnected buildings with another in front of them.
“Kristy,” Matt called, “Take Elizabeth and John to one of the safe zones and stick with them.”
“You got it,” Kristy said, turning to Elizabeth and John. “Follow me, this way.”
Kristy hurried as all the Myrmidons were getting reports of AFU incoming. Matt, Brent, and Lisa quickly took up a position inside a building overlooking the lot where they had entered.
It was quiet except for the rumbling caused by the incoming mech.
“Everyone, get ready!” Matt said.
Kristy, Elizabeth, and John finally made it to a safe zone. It was a room literally filled with people just standing around.
“We should be safe here,” Kristy said, “We can get out and evac if we have to.”
“Evac,” Elizabeth said, “What’s going on? I mean I know there’s a war, but is this place in danger right now?”
“We got incoming,” Kristy answered, she was informed of everything on her HUD, “AFU soldiers and a mech.”
“What’s a mech?” John asked.
“It’s what we’re calling the AFU’s latest weapon,” Kristy responded, “A several-story high, bipedal tank. We didn’t find a pilot in the ones we managed to take out, so they must be computerized. We’ve identified three types so far. They’re heavily armed, shielded, and surprisingly agile. It’s hard to get in close to do anything. I’m not going to sugar coat anything, they’re giving us a run for our money, but we can deal with them.” 
Outside, everyone was tense as the rumbling got closer.
“Here they come!” Matt said.
The gate barricading the lot and the outside suddenly blew open with some AFU soldiers coming through and firing. The Myrmidons quickly made short work of them, shooting them down in a hail of gunfire.
The mech came through and its shields easily withstood the intense incoming gunfire from dozens of Myrmidons. It quickly gained a lock on a Myrmidon and open fired with its own heavy-duty weaponry. The poor Myrmidon didn’t stand a chance, and neither did the next one.
A second mech entered.
Matt phased out his missile launcher, locked on, and fired.
One of the mechs quickly locked onto the incoming projectile and shot it out the air.
Matt ducked back into cover, “It reacts too fast and I’ve only got one shot left.” he said.
Brent leaned towards Matt, “I have a few experimental rain maker missiles.”
“A what?” Matt asked.
“It’s like a MIRV.” Brent replied, “Just fire your missile as a distraction then, I’ll fire mine.”
“Sounds good,” Matt said, standing out of cover to get a lock.
Brent did the same, stand out of cover and phase out his launcher to take aim.
“Aim for the nearest one. Ready?” Matt asked.
“Ready when you are,” Brent answered. He fired his missile one second after Matt fired his.
With one mech busy, the other quickly zeroed in on Matt’s missile. Getting a lock on it and shooting to take it out midair. It then got a lock on Brent’s missile, and got a lock and fired. Just as the first bullet was about to strike, the missile broke into hundreds of smaller fragments and ‘rained’ down several yards in front, on top, and behind the mech. A series of small explosions erupted everywhere around and on the mech.
With the mech’s shields now down, the Myrmidons' intense barrage of weapons fire brought it down. Suddenly, the remaining mech didn’t just stop, it made a hasty retreat. Everyone else was getting a message about Ford and Edict’s alliance.
“What the…” Matt said.
Brent read his HUD, “Are you getting this?”
“The wars over,” Lisa cried out, “Thank goodness.”
In the safe zone, Kristy also got the message, “Alliance?” she remarked, “It must be true, it’s a miracle, AFU forces are falling back everywhere.”
RALLY
Early next morning, Brent, Elizabeth, John, and Kristy walked through an AFU staging center being set up just outside the mall’s perimeter.
AFU soldiers marched around and built makeshift buildings.
Brent and co. got a close-up look at a mech as they walked by.
“Can I help yous?” a short, rotund, orange, and dirty alien came up asking.
“Just looking,” Brent said.
“My names Grox,” he said, “We just got Adm. Edict’s message about the alliance several hours ago, so I guess you’re welcome. I’m a mechanic for these, so I can answer most questions about these things.”
“The mechs?” Kristy asked.
“We call the automated ones warbringers.” Grox said.
“Automated ones,” Brent said, “By the way you said that it sounds like you have piloted ones?”
“Yeah,” Grox replied, “We call those peacekeepers. They’re deployed after the warbringers clean house.”
“Clean house?” Elizabeth wondered out loud.
“The enemy,” Grox explained, “They were particularly made to go toe-to-toe with your Myrmidons and make short work of them. The warbringers go in, get down and dirty. Peacekeepers go in, maintain order.”
“So I can pilot one of these?” John asked in amazement.
“Sure, Grox answered, “If you’re an AFU soldier and you pass the training.”
“You having second thoughts about joining us, John?” Brent asked.
John thought for a moment, “Nah, I still want to be a Myrmidon,” he answered, “But it would still be cool to get drive one of these.”
“Oh, you’re Myrmidons,” Grox said, “I didn’t mean to offend you.”
“None taken,” Brent said, “What can you tell us about them?”
“Whatever isn’t classified.” Grox laughed, “That’s my nice way of saying I don’t know. Of course, even if I knew and it was labeled top secret I couldn’t tell ya.”
“But you’re a mechanic,” Brent said.
“Exactly,” Grox answered, “I just maintain them. I’m not an engineer or designer.”
“Weapons?” Kristy asked.
“Variable,” Grox said, “We can switch them out in the bay. Depending on the size of their mount they can have anything from your standard flak cannon to an energy blaster. We can mount various missiles and any special payload.”
“How many types do you have?” Brent asked.
“Three of each, officially,” Grox replied, “There might be more, but even I wouldn’t know about them. That’s what I mean by classified.”
“Are the piloted ones just as big or smaller?” Brent asked.
“Comparatively to each other, a little bigger actually,” Grox answered. “The smallest piloted ones are about a story high. We have to accommodate for the increase in mass.”
“Are they just as capable?” Brent asked.
Grox nodded yes, “The automated ones have an AI that responds faster, so they’re considered more effective at dealing with you.”
“What about shield output?” Kristy asked.
Brent looked at her and she gave a weak shrug.
Grox laughed, “Now that’s definitely classified. I happen to know that answer, but it’s been labeled top secret. You’d need mind-reading powers or you can torture it out of me, but I’m not too worried about that though seeing as we now have an alliance.”
“If we have an alliance why can’t you share it with us?” Kristy asked.
“Because the situation can change as fast as the UEC and AFU became friends,” Grox said, “Nice try but there’s no point in trying to trick it out of me. Besides, that info will probably be part of some data exchange between our people. Until then, I won’t be a Snowkren.”
“A what?” Brent asked.
“Only the biggest traitor in the AFU.” Grox explained, “He was part of the telecommunications division and exposed what the AFU was capable of. He was eventually caught, but people exercise more caution about what they say over relays.”
“How do you build these?” Brent asked.
“We have factories on dozens of worlds outputting these on an hourly basis,” Grox answered, “I think it was to match Myrmidon numbers and easily replace any you destroyed.”
“Ok, this is probably classified,” Kristy said, “What worlds are they being built on?”
“You’re right,” Grox replied, “It is classified, besides it’s too many for me to name and there’s probably some I don’t know about.”
“When did you begin producing these?” Kristy asked.
“About a year ago,” Grox responded. “Depending on where you’re from, but to be a little more specific, approximately one and half earth years ago.”
A large AFU shuttle flew overhead and landed nearby. Out came several peacekeepers.
Grox took a hard look at them before waving furiously at one, “Hey, Nix, over here.” he said.
Nix, a peacekeeper, came over and parked next to Grox. 
“This is a medium-sized one,” Grox said.
The peacekeeper squatted so the cockpit was low to the ground. Nix got out and climbed down, “Hi Grox. You’re lucky I saw you. I can’t hear crap inside that thing.” he said.
“Just giving these humans a tour,” Grox said.
“Whatever,” Nix replied, “Peacekeepers are being deployed to protect them now. I’m going in to report for assignment.”
As Nix walked away, Grox approached John and gestured for him to enter the peacekeeper, “Go ahead, nothing will happen. There are sensors that’ll detect if you’re a pilot and power it up, or you can override that if you know how.”
“That’s neat,” John said, climbing the peacekeeper, “Thank you.”
“Be careful in there!” Elizabeth shouted as only a mother could.
“That’s some pretty impressive hardware,” Brent said.
“They spared no expense on these things,” Grox replied, “I guess it’s our top of the line.”
John sat at the controls and couldn’t get over just what he could see. He grabbed the joysticks and pretended to be a pilot.
Lisa came running towards the group, “Hey, guys,” she called. She came to a stop in front of the group, but wasn’t out of breath, “President Hayes is going to make a formal announcement in ten minutes. He’s calling all humans and is supposedly broadcasting on all channels, so it must be important.”
“Must be,” Kristy said.
“I guess we better get going then,” Brent added.
“John, we need to go,” Elizabeth called.
John took one last look around the cockpit before exiting.
Everyone walked back to the lot, where a lot of humans were gathering around a large screen being set up. They all hastily looked around before eventually finding Matt. John stepped next to him.
“How did it go?” Matt asked.
John picked contacts out of his eyes and handed them over, “Got what I could.” he said.
“He got inside the cockpit,” Kristy added, “You should have seen him. He’s a natural.”
“Good, I’ll upload these to our intel right away,” Matt said, phasing in the contacts.
Elizabeth grabbed John, “Matt, please don’t have my boy do something like that again.” she said.
“Mom,” John complained.
Matt held a reassuring hand on Elizabeth’s shoulder and told her, “We won’t. He just provided the perfect cover and gave us intel we probably couldn’t have gotten on our own.”
“He’ll make a good Myrmidon one day.” Bent said.
“Yes!” John whispered excitedly to himself. Even he knew everything he could do to help the Myrmidons brought him one step closer to becoming one himself.
The screen came alive with President Hayes appearing shortly afterward.
“Ladies and gentlemen,” Hayes began, “My fellow humans. We truly live in strange times. Those who were once our enemies, determined on our destruction, now swear to protect us. This is an opportunity we cannot afford to pass up. Our backs were against the wall and a new enemy has appeared. From our own ship, the Saratoga we have learned that the Anunnaki have returned. They are a powerful race bent on the eradication of any technological species. The Saratoga is now working with the AFU to bring this situation to a favorable resolution. It seems the Xurigan stories are true. While we go over the massive data we have acquired and go over the Xurigan records, we must accept the AFU with open arms and follow the example of the Saratoga. Till then I will do my best to keep you up to date. Good luck to all and Godspeed.”
STILL ALIVE
Peyton and Samantha were sitting watching a program on the screen in the rec room as Anthony and Jenny played a game of poker.
“What do you think of the X5?” Anthony asked out loud.
“I think they’re cool,” Jenny said.
“I look forward to trying them against the Anunnaki,” Samantha added as she got up and walked to a game.
“Peyton?” Anthony asked.
Peyton looked back at Anthony, “I’m impressed with it,” he said, “I miss my family. I  want to see them. I just hope these suits expedite that.”
Samantha stood at a game specifically made for Myrmidons. It was a punching game to test their strength, where a punching bag hung down in front of a screen with some type of opponent to defeat. You got three tries for each opponent of increasing difficulty.
Samantha wound up and hit the bag to easily pass the first stage.
Peyton got up walked to the poker table.
“I gotta call ya,” Anthony said. He and Jenny put their cards down, “Yes, two pairs. I win.”
“That’s five in a row,” Jenny said, as Anthony hoarded his winnings, “At this rate, my chips will be gone in less than an hour.”
Peyton looked at Anthony and asked, “Feeling lucky?”
“Too lucky!” Anthony replied.
“Let’s play one quick game,” Peyton asked.
Anthony looked at Peyton curiously and answered, “Uh…sure. What did you have in mind? Regular poker, Texas hold’em?”
“It’s much simpler than poker,” Peyton explained, “Take out the Jokers, Aces high. Shuffle the cards. Place them face down and we each take turns picking a card from anywhere in the deck five times. We flip the cards over, in any order you chose, in turn for a best of five. The one with the higher card wins.”
Anthony thought about it, “What’s the deal then?” he asked, “Are you gonna get some chips from the machine?”
“Maybe,” Peyton answered, “Here’s the bet. If I win, you give half of your chips to Jenny. If you win, I’ll go get you an amount equal to the chips you have now.”
Anthony didn’t have to think about it much. It was a good deal and he felt confident, “You’re on.” he said.
Jenny shuffled the cards and placed them down.
Samantha hit the punching bag a little harder.
“Go ahead,” Peyton said, “You first.”
Anthony picked the first card and placed it face down in front of him.
Peyton then picked a card and placed it in front of him, followed by Anthony. Each man did this five times. Then they flipped their first cards over.
Anthony got the five of hearts, Peyton got the seven of diamonds.
“First round goes to me,” Peyton said.
Anthony then flipped his second card to get the eight of hearts, Peyton got the two of clubs.
“Yes!” Anthony excitedly said.
“Second round goes to you.” Peyton smiled.
Anthony was eager to move on. He flipped his third card for the six of hearts, Peyton, the ten of spades.
Anthony sighed his disappointment, “You win.” he said.
The fourth card, when flipped, was the seven of hearts for Anthony, four of clubs for Peyton.
Anthony pumped his fist, “I got this one!” he declared.
They each only had one card left.
“This is it,” Anthony said, “Best of five, right? Last card, you sure you want to do this?”
“I should ask you the same thing,” Peyton replied.
Anthony flipped his card for the nine of hearts.
“Boya!” Anthony yelled, “Beat that!”
Peyton looked at his card, then at Jenny, “Care to do the honor?” he asked her.
Samantha gave the punching bag a good hit.
Jenny flipped the card to reveal the Ace of spades, “You actually did it,” she said in disbelief, “You won the whole thing!”
“I’ll be in the holosuite.” Peyton said, turning and walking away.
Anthony looked closely at his cards, “Hey, wait I got a flush.” he said.
“Different game,” Peyton replied as he entered the holosuite.
“Computer run simulation, Rena IV, dusk time on a solitary beach,” Peyton said, “Set up a hammock between two trees.”
“Initiating simulation.” The computer said. 
Everything around Peyton changed as what he just asked for materialized out of thin air. The door behind him ‘disappeared’ to blend in with the scenery. He walked over and got on the hammock.
Peyton hoped his family was alright on Earth. Thoughts of Elizabeth and John raced through his head. He started wondering what he’d do if he made it back alive. ‘Civilian job or retirement’, he thought. Spending a lot of time with his family appealed to him, though he didn’t want to feel unwanted, on the other hand, he wanted to be able to be there if needed at any time.
 Peyton wasn’t old. He knew he’d go stir-crazy if he did nothing. Semi-retirement was looking like a good option, but if he was called to do another mission he worried what Elizabeth would say. John wasn’t getting any younger either. ‘He’s growing fast.’ Peyton thought. He worried about what would happen to his son if he weren’t around. ‘He worships me now, but what about when he gets to his teens?’ Peyton wondered.
Being ‘cool’ to John never entered Peyton’s mind till now. He then conceded to himself that one day he would just have to let John go and hope for the best. John was a good, smart kid for now. Peyton just prayed for it to keep up.
David walked in and went over to Peyton, “Rena, nice.” he said.
“Major…” Peyton acknowledged as he started to climb out of the hammock.
David sighed and held out his hand to stop Peyton from getting out of the hammock, “Peyton, I told you before, it’s David when it’s just us.”
“Bad habit,” Peyton replied, “What brings you here?”
David sat down in the sand in front of Peyton, “I just came to inform you that we’re on our way to meet up with a Xurigan representative, a so-called expert on the situation, a Reticulan aboard an Eridani.” he said.
“What do I do after this is over?” Peyton asked.
“Well,” David began, “You have several options. You can stick with us and go career. Semi-retire, and just hang around when we need you, join the civilian sector and do work for them, or flat-out retire. I see you in semi-retirement. No way will you join the civilian sector or just outright retire. You could stick with us and go career like me, but you got a growing family, so I don’t see that happening. The civilian sector and retirement are too boring for you right now. You’ll go on call I bet.”
“Is that what you would do?” Peyton asked.
“You know,” David said, “I was in your position. I had a wife with one kid and another on the way, but the situation was different back then. The UEC needed me badly, it needs you now. That may change. If I were you, now, I’d simply at least be on call. Just for a few years, get some promotions so then you never have to leave a desk. I didn’t have to go. I only left the desk to get you back.”
Peyton’s node on his palm began flashing blue. He phased out a hologram of the o-web and went to its message center, “It’s a report from Matthew’s team. They got to my family in time and secured them.” he said.
“Good,” David said, standing up, “Come. We have a meeting to get to.”
As Peyton and David exited, Samantha gave the punching bag a big wallop.
“Come with us, ladies and gentlemen,” David said, “I want you all to be a part of this.”
Jenny and Anthony redeemed their chips right at the table. Samantha immediately stopped and joined Peyton and David.
They all boarded a shuttle and left. It flew through space and headed right for a fully grown Saratoga-sized Eridani.
After landing in its shuttle bay, they exited one by one. Amy was among them. The first thing they noticed were three Reticulans approaching. The Reticulans didn’t say anything.
“You guys alright?” Peyton asked.
All at once, the Reticulans looked as if they were melting into slightly bigger forms.
“Odians,” Amy said.
The Odians had morphed into familiar human forms.
“Follow us, please.” one of them said. They led the way through the halls. The Eridani ship, as usual, appeared to be made of one piece. The doors, if they didn’t rotate, opened from the center like a membrane, instead of sliding. The buttons were slightly push-type, compared to the touch types onboard the typical handmade ship. They eventually came to a large room with a table and chairs.
“Please, have a seat.” an Odian said.
Sitting, they all saw a lone Reticulan approach and join them.
“Hello, I’m ZEE-4747, or just Z,” he said or thought, “I’m glad you could make it. You people have very poor recordkeeping. We told you about the Anunnaki over three millennia ago. That story totally got twisted into something else.”
“Z,” Amy called, “Your records say you created humans to battle the Anunnaki.”
“Yes,” ZEE-4747 replied, “We needed a weapon that could stand against them. So I created humans from Anunnaki DNA.”
“You personally created humans?” Peyton asked.
Zee-4747 nodded.
“That would make you very old,” David said.
“Yes,” ZEE-4747 answered, “I created humans, or as we referred to them then, Anunnakx, with the blessing of my master, then under orders from the Ikashians, I guided you to where you are now.”
“It is in our records,” Amy said, “That you are the one indeed who initiated contact.”
ZEE-4747 nodded again, “Yes, but you humans only seemed interested in expansion and weaponizing everything. Humans moved very fast and dismissed the Anunnaki because they weren’t around and unverifiable. We helped humans at first, but then they, on their insistence, went off on their own accord. Now, you’ve found the Anunnaki, and soon we’ll all be in great danger.”
“Your records say humans are immune to them,” Peyton said, “What’s the best way to hurt them?”
“Anything physical,” ZEE-4747 answered, “Nothing that uses advanced energy or technology will work. Anyone can inflict harm, but only humans are immune. That makes you the best option.”
“Where is their homeworld and why do they mine nitrogen?” Amy asked.
“Nibiru? Good question,” ZEE-4747 responded, “We’ve never been able to figure that out. The first humans managed to drive the Anunnaki away and we kept a few humans, just in case, before returning the rest to your Earth. As for why they mine nitrogen, no one has been able to figure that out either.”
“You have humans,” Amy asked, “You never mentioned them in your file.”
“We keep them on a reservation,” ZEE-4747 said, “We fixed them so they can’t breed, but they live forever in exchange. They’ve been provided for and kept on standby to protect us for such an occasion as this.”
“So,” Peyton began, “Our best bet is to use very old weapons?”
 “Yes,” ZEE-4747 said, “As you are now won’t work. Humans were much better off in your stone age. You need to use old-style weapons.”
“Wait,” Jenny began, “If the humans you have aren’t enough or you run low, how do you get more?”
“We can activate their breeding process,” ZEE-4747 answered.
“That sounds pretty advanced,” Samantha said, “If you can do all that why haven’t you already taken care of the Anunnaki?”
“Several problems,” ZEE4747 said, “Again, we don’t know where they are. The Xurigans, or anyone else for that matter, are not immune to their energy. We can defend ourselves, but just barely. If we were to engage in conflict with them, many Xurigans would die. The humans we have are not that many, the Anunnaki disappeared, that’s why we opted for controlled breeding.”
David looked at his people around the table and stood, “We’ll figure something out. Come, all of you. Let’s go.” he said.
SOLUTION
Back on the Saratoga, David was sitting across from Tonga in the interrogation room, “Why were you mining nitrogen?” David asked.
Tonga just stared forward.
“Where is Nibiru?” David asked.
Again, Tonga said nothing.
“You do realize in this day and age we have ways of extracting information,” David said.
“Am I afraid of you,” Tonga said, “Yes, but I’m not giving you any information to what you ask no matter what! The only thing you’ll get out of me is that we are the Anunnaki, my name, and rank.”
David looked down and let out a sigh, “The hard way then,” he said, before exiting the room. He came back in moments later with a circular device in one hand and a small rectangular device in the other, “Do you know what this is?” he asked, dangling the device in front of Tonga.
“I call it a truth revealer,” David said, inspecting the device while tossing the small one on the table, “Actually, I don’t know the real name of this thing, but this one has been modified to alter your brainwave patterns so you speak the truth.”
Tonga looked at what he could before David placed the device on, “How does it work?” he asked.
“Simple,” David answered, “I touch a button on that thing on the table, which causes this thing on your head to send a harmless energy pulse to your brain when I ask a question. Then, even against your will, you speak the truth.”
Tonga chuckled, “Energy pulse you say, let’s see if it works.”
David sat down and picked up the small device with a single touch button, “Why do you mine nitrogen?” he asked as he then touched the button.
The device around Tonga’s head sent an energy pulse that was repelled or sent back before making an error sound.
Tonga laughed, “That tickles.” he said.
David got up with the button in hand to take a closer look at what was happening and asking again, “Why do you mine nitrogen?”
Again, he touched the button and saw the energy pulse repelled before the device made an error sound.
Tonga laughed again and said, “I hope you got something else because this obviously doesn’t work.”
David grunted and walked out to Tonga’s laughter. A short while later David and Jenny walked back in, “Tonga, I want you to meet Jenny.” David said as he sat, “Jenny, please explain what you’re going to do.”
Jenny phased out a syringe in front of Tonga, “This thing is full of selolum penoxyl.”
“Or truth serum,” David elaborated, “Old by our standards but still effective. 	You’re pretty damn close to a human so we figure it should work on you too.”
Jenny injected Tonga with the syringe.
Tonga’s eye twitched and then he let out a yawn like he was tired.
“Where is Nibiru?” David asked.
Tonga’s expression never changed as he looked blankly ahead, “I’ll tell you exactly where it is,” he said, “You just have to say please.”
“What?” David said, looking at Jenny.
“Don’t look at me,” Jenny said, “I just gave him the stuff. I didn’t know he’d respond like that.”
David grunted, “Fine,” he said, “Please, tell me where Nibiru is?”
Tonga smiled and said, “It’s in a very deep, dark, hard to reach place.”
David stood and leaned towards Tonga, “Where exactly?”
Tonga looked at David, “It’s right up your rectum.” he laughed.
David let out a frustrated sigh before stepping close to Jenny and whispering, “Take this guy to the Tyrant, see if they can do anything. We need to know why they mine nitrogen and where Nibiru is.”
Jenny nodded in acknowledgment. She waited for David to leave before unchaining Tonga from the floor and table then, dragging him out by the arm.
There was no danger to Jenny, Tonga was still bound by his hands which were tethered to bounds around his feet. She led him into a shuttle and forced him to sit before indicating to the pilot to go. She sat down herself and waited the few minutes it took for the shuttle to dock with the Tyrant.
Jenny grabbed Tonga by the arm, “Let’s go!” she said.
Just outside waiting was Edict, Dr. Bones, and several guards.
 “We were told you were coming,” Edict said, “We were also informed you had trouble extracting information from him. Don’t worry, we have our own ways.”
Tonga’s hands and feet emitted energy to unleash his bonds. Jenny quickly tackled him. Edict and the others backed away pointing their guns. Jenny and Tonga wrestled on the ground with Tonga seeming to have the upper hand before Jenny’s Myrmidon strength took over and won out. Having Tonga in an arm lock Jenny said, “You either stay in your bonds or I break your arms and legs. It’s your choice.”
Jenny held Tonga in her grip as they stood. Edict’s men placed new bonds on Tonga.
Edict looked at Jenny, “I think it would be better if you stayed and personally oversaw the interrogation.” he said, then looking at Dr. Bones and nodding.
“Please follow me.” Dr. Bones said. He led Jenny and Tonga to one of the Tyrant’s advanced medical labs.
Jenny looked around, “Either these are torture tools or this is a medical facility. I’m a medic so I can help.” she said.
Dr. Bones approached, “You’re very astute. I’m Dr. Bones by the way. I was told you are LCpl. Nguyen.”
“Call me Jenny,” she said.
“Honored to meet you,” Dr. Bones said, “First, we need our subject to step into our scanning room.”
 The scanning room was surrounded on three sides by walls and the fourth was made of glass.
As Jenny approached with Tonga, the glass to the scanning room slid open. Jenny forced Tonga inside and the glass door closed, “Just stand there unless we tell you otherwise.” she said.
Dr. Bones manipulated several controls on his screen, “Our method of interrogation first involves learning what we can physiologically about the subject.” he said.
Several scans ran over Tonga.
Dr. Bones studied the reading on his screen, “Hmm, this is interesting,” he said, “Everything comes back negative.”
“It doesn’t work?” Jenny asked.
“Let’s try again.” Dr. Bones said.
The scans ran over Tonga again.
“Negative,” Dr. Bones remarked, “It’s like he’s not even there.”
Jenny looked at Tonga, “Just wait.” she said, sitting down.
“There’s nothing else we can do.” Dr. Bones said.
“There must be something,” Jenny replied, “Just sit tight and wait,” She thought hard about what to do. She knew this wouldn’t give them any info about Nibiru. This was the best chance for them to learn about nitrogen. ‘That’s if they even use it for their bodies and not something else.’ she thought. She started thinking of everything she knew about nitrogen. It was essential to all life on earth. It’s in organic materials, foods, fertilizers, explosives, and poisons. It is crucial to the environment but could be harmful in large amounts. It is also said to be the fifth most abundant element in the universe. On Earth it made seventy-eight percent of the air, “That’s it!” she said.
“What the what,” Dr. Bones said, “You already thought of something?”
Jenny got closer to Dr. Bones so Tonga couldn’t hear or figure out what she was saying, “Instead of scanning him, can we monitor the air around him,” she asked, “Also, raise the oxygen while lowering the nitrogen levels being circulated while you do the test.”
“Affirmative,” Dr. Bones said touching his screen, “Running test.”
Jenny turned to the scanning room to observe any effects.
Tonga seemed fine for a few minutes. He then let out a cough, followed by another until it turned into a coughing fit followed by a gasping.
“Test is over,” Dr. Bones said, “Raising nitrogen levels.”
“They need it to breathe,” Jenny mentioned. “That explains the lower oxygen level on their ship.”
After Tonga recovered he stepped towards the glass and began banging on it, “Get me out of here,” he said, “I don’t want to ask again.”
“Very interesting,” Dr. Bones said studying his monitor, “The oxygen must have been making him cough as it increased in the air around him while he took in the nitrogen. It looks as if they are ok with our level, much better with more nitrogen. Instead of absorbing the oxygen he’s absorbing the nitrogen and breathing out the oxygen”
“Ok, we know what they use nitrogen for,” Jenny said, “Now to figure out where Nibiru is.”
The glass door slid open and Jenny grabbed Tonga. She pulled him out and forced him onward.
“This way,” Dr. Bones said. He led them to an empty room with literally nothing in it, “Ltc. Delsha Nichols will be in soon.” he said, leaving.
Jenny stood there holding Tonga for a moment until Delsha walked in. Even with Delsha there, Jenny never took her eyes off Tonga or released her grip.
“Hello, I’m Delsha,” she said, “I’d normally have you leave, but considering we have an Anunnaki with us I think it’s best if you stay,” She moved in front of Tonga and looked him in the eye, “I understand we’re looking for Nibiru.”
“I’m not saying anything,” Tonga said.
“That’s ok,” Delsha replied, “You don’t have to say a word. LCpl., please stand back.”
Jenny stood back only as far as her arms would let her without letting go of Tonga.
“Only a few know this,” Delsha continued, “I’m a telepath and I can pick information right from people’s brains.”
Tonga moved with unease until Jenny just as quickly straightened him out.
“Nibiru,” Delsha whispered as she looked intently into Tonga’s eyes. Her eyes, normally with iris’ that resembled reptiles, turned completely black as she established a connection between her brain and Tonga’s.
Tonga squeezed his eyes closed and turned his head away as if any of that would help.
“I’m looking…,” Delsha said, “Looking…there it is... it’s in the Crexol Nebula.”
“The Crexol Nebula,” Jenny said, “Never heard of it.”
Delsha’s eyes returned to their normal form as broke her link with Tonga to speak with Jenny, “What he calls the Crexol Nebula is obviously called something else by us. An exact location will require more investigation.”
“Let me take him back to my ship,” Jenny said, “Maybe someone there knows something.”
Jenny and Tonga returned to the Saratoga. Tonga was in no mood to try and escape. Jenny was too strong for him and he was still dazed from his recent episode. Jenny placed him in a brig, “Wait here. Don’t try anything,” she said, and then looked to the officer in charge, “You ship security?”
“Yes.” the officer said.
“Get some men on him,” Jenny ordered.
“Right away!” the officer replied.
Jenny called, “Maj., this is LCpl. Jenny Nguyen, I’m back with Tonga. We’ll need a meeting right away. I have info regarding the nitrogen and Nibiru.”
SNEAKY
Jenny stood by David and Amy as Peyton, Samantha, Anthony, and Anjum sat down, “Good, everyone’s here. Jenny…” David said.
“Hi everyone,” Jenny began, “The AFU helped with interrogations which gave us info on why they mine nitrogen. They need it to breathe.”
“That would explain why they can tolerate human air,” Amy said. “We knew that because obviously, they are like humans, but who would have thought nitrogen was such an important component.”
“According to what I read,” Anjum said, “They mine a lot of it, so Nibiru must be producing awfully low levels.”
“It’s like we use oxygen,” Jenny continued, “Only they absorb nitrogen. They need the same as our level of air, but they breathe out the oxygen while absorbing the nitrogen. It could be their Achilles’ heel because they need so much of it.”
Amy added, “They must then have a field day on Earth or wherever there is more nitrogen. The more the better.”
“That assumption seems correct,” Jenny replied, “We increased the level of nitrogen in his room. More was absorbed and we didn’t see any ill effects. In fact, he seemed more alert and active.” 
“What about Nibiru?” David asked.
“Has anyone heard of the Crexol Nebula?” Jenny answered.
Everyone in the room looked at each other waiting for an answer.
Amy went over her database and responded, “There is no mention of such a thing in all records.”
“So we’re still stuck with that?” David said.
“There are numerous nebulas,” Amy added, “Searching them could take years.”
“We don’t have that kind of time,” David said, “Amy, come with me. We need to make a plan to find it right away. Everyone, dismissed until further notice. Thank you, Jenny.”
Samantha and Anthony went to the cafeteria. Both got in a short line that consisted of only a few crew members.
“What do you got planned for the future,” Anthony asked, “You going career or…”
“Me,” Samantha replied, “I’ve been thinking a lot about it recently. If everything goes well, I’m just here for a few more years, and then I’m outta here, you?”
Samantha picked some fruits and vegetables followed by Anthony who got some pizza.
“Career for me,” Anthony proudly answered, “I’m riding this train until the wheels fall off!”
“Good for you,” Samantha said, continuing to an empty table with Anthony in tow. Both sat down and began eating.
“What are you going to do?” Anthony asked.
“I’ve been thinking about becoming a biologist,” Samantha answered.
“You,” Anthony said curiously, “That’s weird. You’re a vicious killer. Not some animal lover.”
Samantha giggled, “I guess I see people and animals differently,” she said, “Your file suggests you’d go career. Lots of redacted info when it comes to your history. Black Ops much?”
Anthony nodded, “Can’t say much about it, but I can at least admit to you about my involvement,” he began, “Jenny wants to join the medical field in the general sector, but I don’t know when. How about Peyton? Heard anything?”
“Not a thing,” Samantha answered, “No clue. I’d imagine you don’t ask a man like that a question like that.”
“Whatever he does,” Anthony said, “I bet he goes down like a legend.”
Samantha agreed, “Like some sort of ghost our enemies will worry about,” she said, “I’d hate to be on the receiving end of his wrath.”
“Yeah,” Anthony said, “It’s a wonder he’s even human, on the other hand, he does have a family, but back to you. How do you go from badass killer one minute to a vegan the next?”
Samantha was in the middle of answering when David came in over the speaker.
“Maj. David Peter Thomas to Horsemen and Dr. Sayyad. Please return to the briefing room on the double.” he said.
Anthony certainly seemed dumbfounded, “If they already came up with something,” he said, “That was awfully fast.”
“I’ll say,” Samantha added.
They all gathered back in the briefing room and had a seat. David and Amy stood at the front, facing everyone.
“I know we talked about coming up with a plan only minutes ago,” David said, “However, we must act fast, according to Amy. So, I’ll let her explain the plan. By the way, she came up with it, that’s why the fast turnaround. Amy…”
Amy began, “We need to find Nibiru, right?  The only way to answer that right now is to board the Anunnaki ship and get it from their computer.”
Peyton raised his hand, “What about the Anunnaki shuttle?” he asked.
“The computer has lots of general information,” Amy replied, “Unfortunately it does not contain information on Nibiru’s location. It has information on Nibiru, but not its location. Oddly enough, we believe we have found information on nitrogen, but they use the word mana. It would have taken us years to figure out what it was.”
Anthony raised his hand, “Is there something wrong with our translators?” he asked.
“No,” Amy responded, “For something so important, they must have decided to use a code word. The word mana is different to us. The Crexol Nebula, on the other hand, does not appear to be a code word, just a name we are not familiar with. It does not look like it was done on purpose, it is just general information to them. From what we did learn, any computer hologram program like me can interface with their computer, so I should be able to get the information we need.”
“You,” Peyton said, “You’re going?”
“Yes,” Amy said, “You are all going. I need someone to carry me to a computer so I can interface with it. Our probe shows the Anunnaki ship has been replaced by a bigger one, mining the rocks. We have an opportunity to use the X5s cloaking ability to enter their ship undetected and get the information we need.”
“Hold up,” Anthony said, “Maj., there are too many unknowns with this plan. We don’t know the Anunnaki’s detection capabilities, we only have a vague idea of what we’re looking for, and we don’t know the layout of the ship. Maybe we should think this plan through.”
David looked at Amy.
“I know what to look for,” Amy said, “I have already gone over it in my head hundreds of times. I am going over it right now. This is our only option, unless we want to wait until we capture an intact computer or we finally get an Anunnaki to talk. I calculate our chances of success as moderate, but it is the only thing I can think of and our only chance to get what we need.”
“Admittedly,” David said, “We asked our computer for the best way to get the info and it said the same thing. We need to do this. I know the situation isn’t ideal, but it must be done, so I’m asking you guys to do it. If anyone can pull this off, it’s you, but if you want out, the door is right there.”
No one said anything or moved. They looked at each other until Anthony raised his hand, “I think it’s safe to say we’re all in.” he said.
“Good,” David said, “We’re already headed back to Zera IV, and you just saved me from having to order one of you to do it. Peyton, take the mobile emitter and allow Amy to interface with one of their computers. As for all of you, get ready. Dismissed.”
In the equipment room, the Horsemen had phased their suits on and were checking their weapons.
“Peyton,” Anthony said, “I’ve been part of missions partly planned out, but this is different. We have absolutely no intel on the mission. What do you think about all this?”
“We don’t have a choice,” Peyton answered, “We need to do this. It’s do-or-die time, people! Make sure your weapons are kinetic type and remember, if you have to engage, phase off your suit.”
The Saratoga appeared in orbit in a flash as it came out of subspace using its gravitron drive.
“We’re in orbit around Zera IV.” Saratoga’s nav. said.
“The Anunnaki ship is in the rings,” tactical added. “They have several open type bays protected by force fields. Several smaller ships appear to be doing the mining.”
“We’re being hailed.” comm. said.
“Onscreen,” Ford ordered.
An Anunnaki captain appeared on the viewer, “State your intentions.” he said.
Ford, who was privy to Amy’s plan, knew she had to say anything to get as close as possible to the Anunnaki ship, “We don’t want to fight,” she said, “Let us get a mineral from the ring and we’ll be on our way.”
The Anunnaki captain thought about it before saying, “Very well. We won’t shoot if you don’t shoot. Take what you need then leave.”
 “Thank you,” Ford said, with the viewer then turning off, “Nav., take us into the ring. Put us as close to the Anunnaki ship as possible. Get us parallel to them.”
“Yes, ma’am.” nav. said.
“Ford to Amy, we’re getting into position,” she said.
Amy was in Peyton’s suit, but she could still see and hear everything. When she spoke, it was to all of them, “I need you all to proceed to shuttle bay two. Ford, we’re on our way to shuttle bay two. Let me know when you’re ready.”
The Saratoga soared through the field of rocks and came to a halt parallel with the Anunnaki ship. The Horsemen arrived at the shuttle bay.
“Ford to Amy, we’re in position,” she reported.
“Great, now open the doors and keep them open,” Amy said, “Launch a shuttle and have it scan the rocks as if it is mining.”
“Ford to shuttlecraft, launch,” she ordered.
The Saratoga’s shuttle bay opened and its shuttle took off.
“Ok, you guys got suits on so you will be fine,” Amy said, “Engage your cloaks, exit onto the ship’s hull, and use your jetpacks and m&m boots to carry you over to the Anunnaki ship.”
One by one the horsemen disappeared as they stepped onto the outside of the Saratoga. The Anunnaki ship then appeared on their HUDs, but they couldn’t visually see it, just a dot that showed the direction.
“They couldn’t get any closer?” Anthony asked.
“We do not want to arouse any suspicion,” Amy answered.
“There’s a rock between us and that ship.” Jenny pointed out.
“With your jetpacks, m&m boots, and onboard navigation you will be fine,” Amy said, “Just go around it.”
“Everyone ready?” Peyton asked.
“Damn,” Anthony said. “You really aren’t nervous about this, are you?”
Peyton just looked at him then back at the stars.
“Are you,” Samantha said, “Don’t be, just focus on that ship.”
With that, they each launched themselves off towards the Anunnaki ship. They only went as fast as boots and jetpacks would let them go, which was pretty fast. Amy had put trajectories on the HUDs to guide them. She also marked the landing points as the ship got closer and assisted them in piloting around the rocks as she marked them. The Horsemen found themselves dodging several small rocks and regrouping back together after going around a large one. They traveled this way for several minutes until they finally reached the ship, it was a soft landing thanks to their m&m boots.
On the hull of the Anunnaki ship, the Horsemen made their way to just outside one of the shuttle bay’s force field.
“Do you think it’s blocking everything,” Peyton whispered, “Or just protecting the inside from the vacuum of space?”
“Only one way to find out,” Amy said, “If this does not work, they may know something is trying to get in.”
Peyton raised his hand and inched it towards the force field. Miraculously, it went through with no problem. One by one, the Horsemen entered the Anunnaki ship under cloak and silence.
DATA & PREPARATION
“Stick to the walls,” Amy said, “I am setting your HUDs to record everything.”
The Horsemen kept their backs against the wall as they crept along.  This ship resembled the Anunnaki ship before, only the bay was larger and more ‘complex’. Dozens of Anunnaki, with their helmets on, moved about. 
“Look like some sort of major operation,” Amy said softly, “Get close to one talking so we can tell what’s going on.”
“Don’t forget why we’re here,” Peyton whispered. They could whisper to one another without the Anunnaki hearing.
“I will keep that in mind,” Amy said, “I just need an idea of where to go.”
Peyton, along with the rest of his team, got close to two Anunnaki talking.
“We just got word,” one said, “There’s an Anunnakx ship in the area. They’re out of weapons range, looks like they’re just mining, but be ready for anything.”
“Understood, Vegra” the other said.
“Speed it up,” ‘Vegra’ said, “Let’s get the mana we came for as quickly as possible.”
“Let us try to stick with Vegra.” Amy said.
‘Vegra’ was easily identifiable by the insignias on his shoulders. As he moved on, the Horsemen did their best to keep up with him. The X5 was quiet enough. As the Horsemen quickly got comfortable with it, they were able to move about more easily, only putting their backs to the wall to let an Anunnaki pass.
“At least we know the cloaks work,” Anthony said.
“It doesn’t appear even the ship’s sensors have detected us,” Jenny added.
“Good,” Samantha said. “Let’s keep the chatter to a minimum though so they won’t hear us.”
An Anunnaki stopped ‘Vegra’.
“I just heard there’s an Anunnakx ship out there,” the Anunnaki said, “Is it true?”
“Yes,” ‘Vegra’ answered, “I wouldn’t worry about it though. They don’t seem interested in fighting us. From the sample that was collected, we learned they’re a bit hard to control but manageable. On the technology side, they’ve slightly improved, but we can easily deal with them. Physically, they haven’t changed much. They themselves are still immune to our energy, but not their technology. We’ll be rid of them soon enough.”
“I hope so.” the other Anunnaki said before moving on.
On the Saratoga, Ford anxiously waited on the bridge, “Tactical, status?” she asked.
Tactical looked at a screen and reported, “They are out of weapons range, however, they are actively scanning us.”
“Don’t do anything,” Ford said, “We’ll play dumb for now. Hail them!”
Moments later, “Onscreen, ma’am.” the comms. officer said.
An Anunnaki captain appeared, “I am Suvort Genmak,” he said, “What do you want?”
“Is suvort like capt.,” Ford asked, “I’m Capt. Ford. We’re on a mining mission, but that doesn’t mean we can’t exchange basic info.”
“What’s the purpose of this exchange?” Genmak asked.
“We just want to better understand your language,” Ford answered, “We hope for a better understanding with an exchange of our language database. You use different names than us so…”
The view screen suddenly cut off.
“Damn,” Ford said, “What happened?”
“I guess he didn’t want to talk.” comms. said
An Amy then materialized, not the same as the other currently on a mission, “From the database we did capture, suvort is similar to capt. The same goes for other words, like the AFU words Helios and Wreckingjer. Names they use for their jammers. You call them c-sound and Zero-noise. One is for the noise personnel make, the other cancels out the noise the ship itself makes. It is our English, but they use different names.” she said.
“I get it,” Ford replied, “Is there any way to update our systems to translate these new names?”
“It can be done, but it will take several hours to process,” Amy said.
Ford nodded, “Do it.” she said.
Amy dematerialized as she uploaded herself back into the mainframe.
“Capt.,” comm. called, “The Anunnaki, they are hailing us.”
“Onscreen,” Ford ordered.
Genmak appeared, “We will only agree under one condition – you return your prisoner along with the shuttle you stole. Otherwise, go ahead and transmit your data.”
The view screen then cut out.
Ford knew she couldn’t hand over Tonga or the shuttle. They could prove invaluable in the future and they had already deciphered the captured Anunnaki computer. She had only one choice to make, “Transmit linguistical data,” she ordered, “Let the record show I’m doing this so there’s no confusion between us when we tell them to surrender.”
On the Anunnaki ship, the Horsemen had followed ‘Vegra’ into a room with many Anunnaki at work. There was a huge cylinder in the middle, near the back with pulsating lights running through it.
“Glad to see you in engineering Vegra.” an Anunnaki said.
“I’m just checking things,” ‘Vegra said, “Suvort wants to avoid using the intercom in case the Anunnakx are monitoring us somehow. He asked me to check on all departments and to pass the word along – be ready for anything with Anunnakx.”
“Yes, thank you!” the Anunnaki said.
Vegra continued on further into the room on a pad. He then instantly teleported. There was a small sign on the wall just above it that was translated ‘To Science.’ 
“Well, that is not going to work,” Amy said, “I do not know if you can use it, but if you do I am afraid the ship will detect you. I do not think I can use it because I am not even alive.”
“So what’s the plan then?” Peyton asked.
“We will have to follow someone else to find an isolated computer,” Amy said, “Look around, the interface looks like that. I have highlighted them on your HUDs so you can see them. There are many in this room, but there are too many people here that will see me.”
 Peyton looked around to see what Amy was talking about. The interface looked like a concave indentation big enough to cover with the pinky finger.
“Just follow someone to an isolated computer,” Amy said.
“Alright,” Peyton replied, “Everyone, follow me.”
Peyton followed one Anunnaki until he went down a hall into a very small room with no door and a single computer.
“You guys wait out here,” Peyton said upon seeing the room. It was small to the point where the Anunnaki had to stand to use the computer. There was just enough space around the computer for Peyton to get in and crouch.
The Anunnaki wasn’t there long. He just placed a small crystal on the interface, did some typing, took the crystal off, and left.
“Ok guys, I will interface with this one,” Amy said, “I will probably be detected as soon as I get in, but they should not know which computer I used, so sit tight, it will only take me a few moments to download the data we need. Peyton, ready when you are.”
Peyton while still cloaked was able to phase out the mobile emitter. Amy materialized and placed her pinky finger on the interface and dematerialized as she went inside the computer. Nothing seemed to happen as the Horsemen just stayed put, remaining still as they waited for Amy to come back.
“I wish she said exactly how long this would take,” Anthony said.
“Or what we should do in case it doesn’t work, or if she doesn’t come back,” Jenny added.
“Just sit tight,” Samantha said, “She said it would take a few moments.”
“I think it depends on how big the database is,” Peyton said.
Amy materialized moments later and dematerialized back into the emitter. Payton phased the emitter back in.
“Alright,” Amy said, “I got it. Let us get out of here. Just follow the route laid out on your HUDs.”
The Horsemen moved with haste, careful not to bump into anyone. On the hull of the ship, they could see that they were moving. They were still in the ring and immediately jumped off into the blackness of space. They used their jetpacks and m&m boots to put some distance between them and the Anunnaki ship.
“I will activate the suit’s homing beacon,” Amy said. “I have set it on a secure frequency so hopefully, only the Saratoga will pick it up.”
“What happened?” Peyton asked.
“As I suspected,” Amy began, “I was detected as soon as I got in. The Anunnaki ran a purge program to get rid of me like some virus, but I got the data. Guess what, Vegra is not a name, but a title like CDR.”
“Just tell me you got the location of Nibiru.” Anthony said.
“Yes,” Amy replied, “It is in the Hades Nebula.”
“No wonder,” Jenny said, “It makes perfect sense now. No ship has ever returned from there, it’s like 20th century Earth’s Bermuda Triangle. Everything that’s been sent to the Hades Nebula, even mapping probes have been lost.”
“We just need to share this information with everyone else,” Samantha said.
“Speaking of,” Amy said, “There is a shuttle in the distance transmitting the Saratoga’s location. Putting it on your HUDs now.”
“Let’s go,” Peyton said, blasting off with his boots and jetpack.
Once safely aboard the Saratoga, they uncloaked, Amy phased out, and they headed to the briefing room where David was waiting. Amy touched a data wall to upload the new information.
“I take it your mission was a success,” David said.
“Yes, Maj.,” Amy said as she joined David, “Nibiru is in the Hades Nebula.”
The Horsemen phased off their suits and sat.
“The Hades Nebula,” David said perplexed, “From what we know, that place is huge. You can fit several thousand stars in there!”
“However,” Amy said, “We have an exact location.”
“What are those helmets?” Peyton asked. “The ones the Anunnaki wear.”
“That just helps regulate the nitrogen,” Amy answered, “They do not need them. It runs throughout the entire ship, but they have a problem replenishing it, hence the masks. In fact, it turns out the Hades Nebula greatly hinders nitrogen from being remade. Recently, Nibiru has only produced low amounts of nitrogen because of the nebula, so they mine it in great quantity. They use this thing that is like a huge, complex ventilation system that they call a mana disperser to spread the nitrogen. It runs across their entire planet and any ship or colony. It looks like most of it is manufactured on its moon, however. There’s only so much nitrogen in their small galaxy that they have had to go outside to find it. Any ship they come across, they destroy. It could explain their policy of eradicating other species; it is to get their nitrogen. Also, they have evolved a special gland that screens out foreign toxins. That would explain why our truth serum did not work.”
David thought for several moments, “Jenny, I want you to work with Dr. Sayyad on coming up with a ‘solution’ to our problem,” he said, “I’m going inform the AFU of this news. Everyone, dismissed.”
Hours later aboard the Tyrant, Edict was at his own meeting with his senior officers and David.
“We’ve gotten new information from the UEC,” Edict said, “We now know where Nibiru is. The infamous Hades Nebula.”
“How do we know we can trust this information?” Prax said.
“It came directly from an Anunnaki computer,” Zero said, “I doubt they would falsify that information.”
David, who was calmly standing with his hands behind him, stepped forward, “Our people took great risks to get this information. It can’t be false.”
“Sorry if you’re offended, Maj.,” Edict said, “I will send out orders for the majority of the AFU to gather just outside the Hades Nebula.”
“Good,” David replied, “The UEC will link up with you there and we’ll then come up with a plan of attack.”
MELEE
A few days passed, “This just keeps getting better and better.” Anthony said, reclined in a chair in the rec room.
“What are you referencing?” Peyton asked, also reclined in a chair with his eyes closed.
Samantha was taking a nap on a couch nearby and Jenny was gone, working with Anjum.
“These missions,” Anthony said, “I’ve never been so tense, and I’m sure we’ll go on another one. Right now, we’re the UEC’s only option.”
“Calm yourself,” Peyton replied, opening his eyes to look at Anthony, “That may be true, but it doesn’t change the fact that we’re the best hope for peace. If we fail now, no one will be able to stop the Anunnaki. Be ready for anything.”
David walked in, he didn’t sit, but he did stand by Peyton, “We’re headed back to Guyver Labs. Dr. Petersen says he has something that may help. Afterward, we will join the rest of the UEC to link up with the AFU. Everyone is gathering in ever-increasing numbers just outside the Hades Nebula.”
“You learn anything else about the Anunnaki?” Peyton asked.
“Their word for capt. is suvort,” David said, “Come on, I need you guys to get ready for a beam down.”
Peyton slowly got to his feet, “Anthony, get Sam up. I’ll go get Jenny.” he said. Taking the more scenic route in case it was the last time he would see the Saratoga, he passed by many of the labs and saw scientists working on different projects.
Jenny worked feverishly on a device as Anjum went over several reports. Peyton walked in and stood behind the women as they worked, careful not to get in the way.
“How’s it going?” Peyton asked.
“Believe it or not,” Jenny replied, “We’re actually almost finished.”
“Really,” Peyton said, “Already?”
Jenny stopped and turned to face Peyton, “Yes, two minds really are better than one. It was Dr. Sayyad who came up with the bomb part. I came up with using the Venati.”
“Bomb!” Peyton said, then looking at Anjum and noticing she looked different.
“It’s the deadliest most efficient way,” Anjum said, continuing to work.
“Did you cut your hair?” Peyton asked.
“Yes,” Anjum replied, “It’s a little shorter. I’m no xenophobe or anything, but I don’t need an alien hitting on me.”
Peyton rolled his eyes and let out a sigh, “We told you,” he said, “You are beautiful. Cutting your hair isn’t going to help. Maybe you just need to hang around guys more often.”
Jenny nodded and said, “You do work a lot.”
“Enough about me,” Anjum said, “Back to the bomb.  I really wouldn’t call it that, it’s more of a complex dispersion device. It uses an old-style fusion mechanism, but since we’re so short on time, it’s still fragile and big for what we need it to do. The Maj. said we’re going to Guyver Labs.”
“That’s where we’ll get the Venati.” Jenny added.
“The lack of nitrogen won’t kill you,” Anjum continued, “As long as you’re in your suits you’ll be ok, or if you have to, use breathers. This thing has a low level of oxygen in its mix, and I wouldn’t be near this thing when it goes off.”
“This sucker will go off like a nuclear bomb,” Jenny said, “It’s not nuclear, but it was designed to spread like one to push the Venati through the mana disperser. This device is made to attach to it. We got the schematics from Amy’s download of the Anunnaki computer. We need to be careful because this thing will still explode. It won’t kill the Venati, they’re durable little suckers, and we’re not worried about the Anunnaki’s special gland to remove foreign toxins either. The Venati isn’t a toxin, they’re a complex lifeform.  As the Venati infect more and more Anunnaki to get their nitrogen they should spread increasingly faster.”
“How many Venati do you need?” Peyton asked.
“Just one,” Jenny answered, “With the way they multiply, just one, but the more the merrier. It’ll be more effective.”
Peyton looked at Anjum, “You said this thing will be fragile and big?”
“Yes,” Anjum said finally looking at Peyton, “We don’t have time to refine it. It’s a little taller than a human. You can phase it in, but nothing else. I’d recommend one person to carry the device and another to carry their gear for them. I wouldn’t want anything to bump this thing even in zero-space. If it goes off then, it might kill you. One Myrmidon can hold it, it’ll then be perfectly fine even if you do jumping jacks, but both ends of the device need to be secured to the mana disperser, which means two people are needed. There’s a single red button to arm it, which will start a five-minute countdown or you can use this detonator once you’re a safe distance.”
“It does need to be attached,” Jenny said, “The mana disperser is highly durable, almost impossible to break with any weapon we have.”
“Even if we hit it from orbit?” Peyton asked.
Jenny placed her hand on Peyton’s shoulder, “Any,” she repeated, “Think of it like a black box. According to what we read, that stuff is reserved for their mana dispersers. It would make their ships 1000 times more massive and affect things like power output, inertia, and maneuverability.”
“Only a sustained, concentrated bombardment of high energy beams would be able to damage it,” Anjum said, “Even the Anunnaki would have a hard time causing any damage. That’s why we have to finesse our way through and strategically go around the problem. This device will do just that once it’s attached. We can’t damage it; we’re just adding on to it.”
“It just accesses the disperser,” Jenny said, “Then injects the Venati into the system.”
“You said you’re almost done?” Peyton asked.
“Give it a few more hours,” Anjum said, “It’ll be ready by 13:00.”
“Dr., I need to steal Jenny away for a while,” Peyton said, “We need to go somewhere.”
“I can’t do anything else,” Jenny said, “Until I get my hands on Venati.”
“Let’s go then,” Peyton replied, “We need to get ready for a beam down to Guyver Labs.”
Peyton and Jenny met up with Samantha and Anthony. They all suited up and were good to go when David walked in.
“Ready?” David asked.
They all stepped on teleport pads, and went down, for David, he now always found comfort in a beam of light vs none as he went down. 
Peyton now always tried to imagine if he could have jumped from so high. During training, it was very high, but at least it was still in the atmosphere.
Now on Cronos, Prof. Petersen greeted them as before, “Glad you’re here,” he said, “Follow me this way, please.”
The Horsemen went through the facility behind Petersen. This time, there were lots of people working on various projects.
“Now these rooms look familiar,” Anthony said, carefully navigating his way, along with the others, around people and equipment.
“We’ve read your reports concerning the Anunnaki,” Petersen said as he led the way into a room surrounded by walls made of glass. It was some type of meeting room. There were chairs stationed in front of a table full of weapons, very old and ancient weapons, “Please, all of you, have a seat.”
“You said you have something for us?” David said as he sat.
“I read that the Anunnaki are impervious to energy weapons,” Petersen said, standing with the table behind him, “It took some investigation, but we found they’re not impervious to low-tech weapons,” Petersen then picked up an aggressive-looking sword made of one piece from the table, “I also read you were called the Horsemen, so that gave me another idea.” The Prof. then picked up an arrow out of a large pile sitting on the table.
“You’re joking, right?” Peyton said.
“Nope,” Petersen said, handing Peyton the sword.
Jenny was handed a battle-ax and a bow, when she suddenly turned around, “Maj., he’s got to be kidding!”
“We can’t go into battle like this,” Anthony added, being given a pair of makrakas. Each had a sickle-shaped blade that widened near the tip, with the cutting edge on the concave side of the blade, “Besides, I don’t know if this is racist or…”
“I’m sorry,” Petersen said, handing Samantha a pair of serrated sickles, “I thought your call sign is Death.”
“It is,” Anthony answered.
“No mistake then,” Petersen said, “Those are yours.”
David immediately stood and went to the table to grab the only gun.
“That’s a 20th-century design,” Petersen said. “It fires bullets which should harm the Anunnaki. Be careful though, it’s pretty loud. I believe it’s called an HK MP7A1.”
David couldn’t help but smile as he looked it over.
Samantha threw her arms up, “How come he gets a gun?” she asked.
Petersen shrugged, “For one,” he said, “He just grabbed it. I was going to give it to one of you. Two, it uses very limited, physical ammunition and there’s no telling how it’ll react if it gets hit by an Anunnaki blast. Three, that’s why we made these weapons out of one piece except for that bow. We figure the fewer moving parts the better.”
David didn’t care the gun had multiple moving parts.
“You seem happy, Maj.,” Anthony said, “I hope this means you’re going.”
“Don’t worry,” David said, “I’ll go, I heard you’ll need at least two people to set the device up, and as much cover as possible.”
“Z did say to use old-style weapons,” Peyton said, phasing the sword in, “Anything physical.”
Petersen picked up a grenade from the table, “If it makes you feel better, we did manufacture a bunch of these. It’s a grenade that throws shrapnel out.”
Samantha and Anthony hurried to the grenades and began to phase them in.
“Prof.” Jenny called, “I understand this facility works with Venati. I need some.”
“You came to the right place,” Petersen said with a smile, “One of our teams works with them on a daily basis. Come, we’ll get you all you need.”
PREEMPTIVE STRIKE
“I really hope this fleet has a chance,” Peyton said, walking with David to the bridge.
“From Amy’s download,” David began, “We know how to calibrate our sensors to see within the Hades Nebula. I’m sure with the size of our fleet it’ll be a cakewalk. We’ll be home in time for breakfast.”
“I’ve been going over the plan,” Peyton said, “Are we sure we’re going through with this? It’s risky, but if it works, a lot of Anunnaki will die.”
David stopped. They stood just outside the bridge, “Don’t tell me you’re having second thoughts.” he said.
“No, no, no,” Peyton said shaking his head, “It’s just that in Earth’s 20th century the USA dropped nuclear weapons on two cities, and years later they ended up apologizing for it.”
“Do you know why they dropped those bombs,” David asked, “It was to stop the USA from invading and losing more of their soldiers, plus it helped put an end to the war. Sure, we might apologize later, but we must do this now. Do you understand?”
“Yes, sir,” Peyton said, “Sorry for questioning it, sir.”
David turned and entered the bridge with Peyton.
“Hello, gentlemen,” Ford said, “We’re almost at the rendezvous point just outside the Hades Nebula. We’ll have to tread carefully; the download didn’t specify the Anunnaki’s military ability. A lot of it was labeled top secret so that information must be in another database. We’re lucky we got Nibiru’s location, it wasn’t classified on the ship we got it from.”
“I wonder why,” Peyton asked.
“It was a mining ship,” Ford answered, “It had to have Nibiru’s location to get back The one before that was just a scout ship.”
Nav. turned Ford, “We are arriving, ma’am.” he said.
“All ships are signaling ready.” comm. reported.
The Saratoga settled among the thousands of ships waiting.
“Transmit our plan to everyone,” Ford said.
“Yes, ma’am,” comm. said, “They are each acknowledging the plan and are indicating for us to lead.”
“We have Nibiru’s location,” Ford said, “What are we waiting for. Comm., signal the attack. Nav. take us there.”
“Engaging graviton drives,” nav. said, “We’ll arrive at Nibiru in ten minutes.”
In rapid succession, one by one, each ship in the vast fleet engaged their graviton drive and disappeared into the nebula.
 “I guess we just wait now,” David said, turning to Peyton, “Go get the team ready. I’ll be there shortly.”
Peyton nodded and walked away.
When the fleet finally arrived minutes later, it was in grand fashion. Each ship appeared rapidly one by one, and just ahead was Nibiru and its moon. 
Nibiru was surrounded by tons of Anunnaki ships that began to form a line between the AFU/ UEC and Nibiru.
The ship’s Amy dematerialized, “Problem,” she said, “There are a lot more Anunnaki ships than expected. We thought we would have them outnumbered at least ten to one. It is looking more like three to one. They are also ordering us to surrender.”
“They must have started setting up once we captured Tonga,” Ford said.
“Or as long as they have been around,” Amy began, “They have had nothing but time to build up, only sending out a few ships to mine while the rest sits.”
Amy paused for a moment as she used the ship’s sensors before snapping back, “More bad news,” she said, “You know that stuff the mana disperser is made of?”
“Yeah,” Ford said.
“It seems the Anunnaki have a starbase and several weapons platforms made of that stuff,” Amy continued, “A few more Anunnaki ships are also arriving.”
“That’s it,” Ford said, “We can’t afford to wait. Comm., tell all ships to engage. Tactical, initiate all countermeasures.”
“Don’t forget about our plan,” David said.
“The situation just escalated to very dangerous levels,” Ford said, “However, we’ll still try our best to stick with it.”
David left the bridge to get ready for his mission.
The AFU/ UEC launched all starfighters only to be met with the Anunnaki’s own starfighters. The AFU/ UEC’s ballistic weapons soared across space to slam into the Anunnaki. On the other hand, the Anunnaki’s powerful beam weapons reached their targets almost instantaneously.
Showers of spark and plumes of smoke surrounded Ford. “Amy, status report,” she demanded.
Amy was expressionless the whole time, “Significant difference in time between weapons impact,” she said, “Their beams reach us before our weapons do any damage. Anunnaki has an advantage.”
It then occurred to Ford there’s was only one way to fix the problem, “Comm.,” she called. “Order all ships to converge with the enemy.”
The comm. officer looked at her, “Are you sure, ma’am,” he asked, “I should point out that it could be very dangerous for ships to get that close.”
“We need to close the gap it takes for our weapons to reach them,” Ford replied, “Do it, I’m sure. I want us to be broadside with as many Anunnaki as possible.”
The AFU and UEC kept firing as they closed in. They took a lot of damage, but the Anunnaki also took a beating. Ships on both sides were lost.
“It is working,” Amy said, “Time for weapons impact has been greatly reduced.”
“Tell all ships to ignore impervious targets,” Ford said, “Target the ones that can be damaged.”
“Right away, ma’am.” comm. said.
“Tactical,” Ford called, “I don’t intend to just leave those impervious targets alone. There must be something that can be done.”
While tactical thought of something to do, a fierce space fight was going on. Starfighters engaged one another in dogfighting, both sides having to contend with the big ship’s guns. Some crashed into the big ships or even each other as they lost control of being taken out.
The larger Anunnaki vessels were attempting to put distance between them and their adversary. It didn’t work as the AFU and UEC kept as close as possible. All the Anunnaki did was to spread the fighting out.
“The only thing I can think of is to destroy them from the inside,” tactical finally said, “They have many open type bays. We use boarding parties to do that if they can’t get control.”
“Genius,” Amy said, “If it works.”
“If you can come up with something better,” tactical said, “I suggest you do it fast.”
“It a great idea,” Ford said, “Comm. notify all ships of the plan. Tactical, call all security teams and have them launch as soon as they’re ready. I want all transports to land on that starbase.”
“Maj. to Ford,” David called, “We’re ready.”
 “Good luck,” Ford said.
In the shuttle bay, the Anunnaki craft and several people with guns began firing at the bay door until it blew open to look like an escape. A force field kept everyone from being sucked out. The Anunnaki shuttle easily passed through and into space.
The Saratoga took another hit that shook everyone inside.
“Major damage,” tactical reported, “We can’t survive another hit like that.”
 “This is Capt. Ford to all hands,” she said, “Abandon ship. Ford to Dr. Sayyad.”
“Dr. Sayyad here.” she immediately replied.
“I’d feel much better with an Anunnaki expert by my side,” Ford said, “Meet me in shuttle bay one and bring something sharp.”
Anjum replied, “I wouldn’t call myself an expert, but I’m not about to argue. On my way to shuttle bay one.”
Ford then addressed her bridge, “Everyone, let’s go,” she said, “Amy, I want you to maintain control of the Saratoga for as long as you can, try to steer the ship as close as you can to the starbase.”
“Affirmative, Capt. Ford,” Amy replied, “It should be relatively easy. Much of the fighting has spilled into multiple areas already.”
Ford nodded to her as she turned and left, running to the shuttle bay. She unholstered a standard-issue combat knife as she went and inspected it. It didn’t take long for her to reach the shuttle bay and meet up with others. Anjum waited in line to board a shuttle.
Ford waved, “Dr. Sayyad,” she called, “Over here!”
Anjum ran over, “We’re abandoning ship?” she asked.
“We must,” Ford said, “We’re going to the Anunnaki base. Tell me you brought something sharp.”
Anjum held up her slightly bigger than hand-sized mattock, or pickaxe, “Right here,”
she said, “It’s only a replica, but’s just like the real thing.”
Ford ran a hand across her head, “That’s not exactly what I had in mind.” She said.
Anjum became defensive as she said, “If I had known we going to an Anunnaki base I might have grabbed something like that knife.”
“Where did you think we were going?” Ford asked.
“Not an Anunnaki base,” Anjum answered, “Besides it was the closest thing at the time.”
“I suppose it’ll do,” Ford said, “Everyone, into your shuttles!”
These shuttles were standing room only. Anjum took hold of the grab handle hanging from the ceiling as they blasted off. Ford looked out a window and watched as the Saratoga took another hit and start to go down in flames, heading for the Anunnaki base.
Ford whispered to herself, “Goodbye, baby.”
A BASE & THE MOON
Transports of all kinds swarmed the Anunnaki base as they landed. It was like a D-Day invasion in space. The station’s defenses took out some of the incoming craft, but there were too many and they got through.
Ford’s shuttle was one of the many that landed. She exited with Anjum among many fighting all around them. Shuttles were still landing, with their occupants exiting and engaging the Anunnaki in hand-to-hand combat. The Anunnaki could use their energy on some of them, but it was useless against humans. The AFU soldiers adopted a policy of simply overwhelming the Anunnaki with sheer numbers to subdue them. The bay was chaotic with so much fighting, Ford kept her cool. More Anunnaki arrived via teleport pad trying in futile to defend the base.
“Anjum,” Ford called, “Stick with me, this way.”
Ford and Anjum were escorted by others as they went along. Many Anunnaki descended upon them, tying up many of the people with fighting. Ford herself was tackled to the ground. The Anunnaki quickly got the upper hand, sitting on her as he wrapped his hands around her throat. Anjum saw this and ran up to the Anunnaki from behind and used the sharp end of her mattock to strike him on the side of the head as hard as she could and knock him off Ford.
Ford stood back up in a light sweat, cradling her throat and catching her breath, “Thanks!” she said.
Anjum stared at the unmoving Anunnaki, “I think I killed him.” she said.
“Good,” Ford said, “Don’t beat yourself up over it. You did what you had to. Get used to it, you’ll probably have to do it a lot more.”
Anjum said nothing as she kept staring. Ford used her knife to help the others against the Anunnaki. Everyone was lightly sweating. It wasn’t long before Ford got back to Anjum, “We need to keep going,” she said, “We have to find the bridge.”
Anjum snapped back to reality and continued on with Ford. They couldn’t find any stairs or elevators. At least none that led out of the current room. An Anunnaki appeared via a teleport pad only to be taken out by one of Ford’s escorts
“That may be the only way,” Anjum said.
“What, that pad,” Ford said, “We don’t even know how it works or where it goes.”
Anjum phased on her suit and looked around. There was a small sign with writing on the wall just above the teleporter. She read it before phasing her suit off and looking at Ford, “This will go to the bridge.” she said.
“Your suit translated that?” Ford asked.
“Yes,” Anjum said, “It just says it goes to the bridge but doesn’t say how it works. Also, my helmet picked up slightly lower oxygen levels. That might explain your sweating.”
“We knew about the lower oxygen level,” Ford said, indicating for one of her escorts to step on the pad, “Only one way to find out how this works.”
He stepped on and was instantly teleported away. He found himself on what he assumed was the bridge, filled with Anunnaki. Several of them fired an energy blast at him with no effect. He stepped off the pad to engage the Anunnaki in fighting. As the escort got cleared of the pad another human appeared, followed by another and another. Soon the room was filled with fighting.
On the captured Anunnaki shuttle, David phased out the emitter for Amy to materialize.
No-one attacked the shuttle, the AFU/UEC alliance knew what it was and the Anunnaki didn’t know any better.
“Amy,” David whispered, leaning in close to her so Tonga couldn’t hear, “You know the plan. We need to dock near a disperser on their moon. I have the gear Peyton needs, so I have to go. I’ll leave the emitter here with you to watch Tonga and make sure he does nothing stupid until we return. If anything does happen you’re ordered to take off Any questions?”
Amy nodded and went over to Tonga. The Horsemen and David put on breathers which looked like a modern-day hospital’s oxygen mask. No tubes were running from it, just a clip that attached to the nose. Amy spoke to Tonga, and after a moment the shuttle began to race towards its destination. Once they arrived, they slowly docked with the facility.
“Docking complete,” Amy said, “The facility’s alarm will likely detect you right away, so do try to be quick.”
Samantha was the first to enter an umbilical and step out a hatch into a narrow hall. The station’s intruder alarm immediately went off.  Peyton jumped out followed by David, then Jenny, and Anthony.
“Sam, Tony,” Peyton said, “Take up positions at different ends of the end of the hall. Jenny, stick with me and David.”
Samantha and Anthony ran to different ends of the hall to get in position. An Anunnaki, without his helmet, didn’t even step through the door, instead running away at the sight of the humans
“I think he just went to get friends,” Samantha said.
Jenny looked frantically for a place to attach the device, “Here,” she said, “Put it here!”
More Anunnaki began to show up on Samantha’s end. She phased out a grenade and threw it, the explosion killed the first few Anunnaki, but they started to rapidly swarm in. 
Peyton and David stepped over by Jenny, and Peyton phased out the device. He and David began to lift it in place.
“Ok,” Jenny began, “Once it’s in place lock those green clamps.”
Peyton and David found the clamps and locked them down.
Two Anunnaki made it past a fighting Samantha and were running towards the device. Jenny took aim with her bow and arrow and fired. The first arrow hit the head, instantly killing the Anunnaki. The second arrow hit the armor of the other Anunnaki and bounced off. Jenny immediately phased out her battle-ax and took the Anunnaki out before he could reach the device. Anthony found himself engaged, throwing one grenade after another before he had to switch to his makrakas. 
“Now the blue ones,” Jenny said, with Peyton and David then locking them in place, “Those red ones are the last!”
Anunnaki were beginning to swarm Samantha and Anthony. The only thing keeping them from being completely overwhelmed was their Myrmidon physiology. They easily took down any opponent that got in their way, even though they were essentially being ‘jumped’.
Peyton and David finished with the device. David phased out his weapon and gave Peyton his sword. Anunnaki were now filling the hall.
Some even came through the dock and almost surprised Amy. Tonga attempted to flee, but she managed to strike him with her fist and knock him out before fighting with the other intruders.
On the base, Ford and her escorts were just gaining control of the bridge. Everyone was winded except Anjum, who phased her suit on when she needed air. Ford killed her last Anunnaki before looking to Anjum, who was in the middle of subduing her foe, knocking him out with a hit to the side of his head with the blunt side of her mattock.
“Anjum, come over here,” Ford called, “I need you to take control of this thing.”
Anjum ran over and phased her suit on.
“Can you read this?” Ford asked.
Anjum’s suit translated everything, “Yes,” she answered, “These are the environmental controls.”
“See if you can raise the oxygen level,” Ford said, “Try to lower the nitrogen.”
Anjum worked the controls a bit, “There,” she said, “You should be able to breathe easier, but this thing will only let me lower the nitrogen content only so much.”
“It’ll have to do,” Ford said getting a much-needed breath of air.
All over the station, the situation reversed, AFU/UEC soldiers began to breathe easier while the Anunnaki began to sweat.
“Find the weapon console,” Ford said, “Let’s see if we can turn this thing on the Anunnaki.”
Anjum began to look, “They might be immune to their own blasts.” she said.
“We have to try,” Ford replied.
Anjum walked up to a console, “Here it is!” she said.
Ford moved next to Anjum, “Ok, target one of their ships.” she said.
Anjum finagled the controls a while, “Locked.” she said.
“Fire!” Ford ordered.
The base suddenly let loose a beam of energy that struck and damaged an Anunnaki ship that was then finished off by a barrage of fire from the AFU/UEC.
“It worked!” Anjum cried, “Direct hit.”
Cheers of joy erupted on the bridge.
On the moon, Peyton could see their escape via shuttle was compromised. “We have to reach the shuttle. Sam, let’s go!”
Amy did her best to keep the Anunnaki at bay. There were several knocked out on the floor. As she wrestled with another Anunnaki, Tonga slowly came to and touched a button to initiate the undocking sequence. Amy quickly knocked him back out and saw that she couldn’t undo it, so she set the destination to not far outside.
Peyton fought his way to the hatch and saw through its small porthole the shuttle was leaving, “Amy!” he yelled. David and Jenny did their best to follow.
Samantha was working her way back, dropping grenades to buy some room between her and the Anunnaki, 
“Jenny,” Peyton called, “You said that thing isn’t nuclear.”
“It’s not,” Jenny replied.
“Ok,” Peyton said, “You and the Maj. help Sam, join me and Anthony as soon as you can.”
Jenny and David fought their way closer to Samantha while Peyton chopped his way to Anthony. It wasn’t long before Jenny, Samantha, and David reached Peyton and Anthony.
“What now?!” Jenny asked.
“We put some distance between us and that thing!” Peyton answered.
The number of Anunnaki on Anthony’s side of the hall was less than Samantha’s side.
Peyton noticed that. “Come on!” he yelled, “This way.”
They all fought their way into another hall.
“Jenny,” Peyton called, “Say when!
This hall was smaller and less barren of Anunnaki, just beyond they came to a large room.
“This is far enough,” Jenny said, “We just need to get behind something,”
Peyton got behind some equipment and phased out the detonator. Anunnaki were beginning to enter. Peyton pressed the button and covered his head. The device exploded, flames filling the corridors and spilling into the room.
The Anunnaki who’d entered the room suddenly grabbed their throats and choked to death. The device had gone off as designed, spreading the Venati rapidly through the disperser in the entire system.
“Don’t worry,” Jenny said, “We got nanites. The Venati can’t infect us.”
“If it’s all the same to you guys,” David said, “I suggest still putting our suits on.”
Everyone agreed and phased on their suits, then made their way back to the hatch. They’d be safe from the vacuum of space in their suits.
They entered the hatch before entering the umbilical. As Peyton closed the hatch he noticed several Anunnaki coming around as Venati. 
The umbilical was big enough for them to squeeze in side-by-side in the sitting position.
“Ready?” Samantha asked, before touching a button that shot them out into space.
Their boots and jetpacks let them quickly regain their composure on the surface. The view of the battle above was a sight to behold.
The Anunnaki shuttle soon came into view and hovered above them. They entered through a section that was cut off from the cockpit. Once the door closed, the shuttle took off. As they went further towards the cockpit they noticed more knocked out Anunnaki. In the cockpit itself was Amy and Tonga.
“You did it!” Amy said.
“Why did you leave?” Peyton asked.
“Relax,” David said, “She was under orders.”
“It was not me,” Amy said, “It happened in all the chaos. Tonga touched…”
Peyton held out his hand, “It’s ok,” he said, “I understand. It looks like we have a few more guests.” He said of the unconscious Anunnaki.
“The lucky ones,” Amy said, “They are the ones that entered  the shuttle during the fighting.”
“Looks like you did a good job,” Peyton said.
“Come now, Amy,” David said, “It’s time to go home.”
Amy handed David the mobile emitter and dematerialized.
Peyton sat down next to Tonga, “Scan your moon, look what we did.” he said.
Tonga scanned the moon, “There’s something else there,” he reported, “Anunnaki life signs are fading fast.”
“We can do the same to Nibiru,” Peyton continued, “If you care about it I suggest you go to your leaders and tell them we’ll stop if they stop.”
“They don’t have to surrender,” David said, “They just have to cease all hostilities.”
Tonga looked at them and nodded.
The Horsemen and David ejected themselves into space and watched as the shuttle flew to the nearest Anunnaki vessel.
“Transmitting our success,” Amy said in their helmets.
The battle raged on for a few more seconds before the Anunnaki quickly stopped firing, one by one.
It was finally over.
“Incoming UEC ship,” Amy said, “They send their congratulations and are picking us up.”
NAFU
A few days later on the Rho homeworld, there was a planet-wide celebration. Each city had its own fireworks and a marching band. Starfighters made colored streaks across the sky, and there were vendors aplenty handing food or gifts.
Ford straightened a tie on David in front of a mirror. Anjum and Amy were sat nearby.
“So, where you headed?” David asked.
“I’m going to Rena on a long trip,” Ford answered.
“I still can’t believe the UEC did this to me,” David said.
Amy got up and approached, “It’s been reorganized as the UED, United Earth Defense, since joining the AFU.”
Ford finished up, “I can’t think of a more perfect person,” she said, “Ambassador Thomas.” 
David turned to Amy and handed her a box, “I had Prof. Petersen make this.” David said.
Amy opened the box to reveal a white ring with a blue glowing line running all along it. She placed it on.
“It’s a new mobile emitter,” David said, “It doesn’t mean we’re married or anything. You just don’t have to carry that other one around and no more worries about a line of sight. So, my first act as new Ambassador of the human race is to recognize you, Amy, as an independent individual with all the special rights and privileges that come with such a proclamation.”
“Thank you,” Amy said genuinely grateful at the opportunities that awaited her.
“Congratulations,” Ford said.
“Anjum,” David called.
Anjum stood, “Yes, sir.” she answered.
“I need someone like you,” David said, “No doubt I’ll have to keep an eye on the Anunnaki. I need someone already familiar with them. You’d be doing what you’re doing now, only you’d be working directly for me and be my eyes and ears with the Anunnaki.”
“But I’m just an archeologist,” Anjum said, “I wouldn’t know where to start.”
“It’s easy,” David said, “Amy, want to help her?”
“I’d be glad to,” Amy said.
David approached Anjum, “As I said,” he began, “You’d be doing what you’re doing now, only in Anunnaki territory. I just got you the best partner you could ask for. Come on, don’t make me beg.”
Anjum took a deep breath, “Well, since you put it that way,” she said, “Ok, I’m in.”
“Great!” David said, then turning back to Ford, “I’ll need someone I can go to for transport.” he said.
Ford smiled, “A new Saratoga is being built,” she said, “Besides, I’m going on vacation. When the ship and I are done, you can count on me.”
“Deal!” David said.
Right then, Edict walked in, “We’re ready.” he said.
David followed Edict’s same path when he became Adm. of the AFU.
Edict opened a large set of doors and invited David to go forward. The following chamber was filled with people on either side, but they were eerily quiet. David could only hear the faintest whispers as he went. Ahead of him was the president, sitting calmly in the middle, towards the back.
Ford, Anjum, Amy, and Edict followed closely behind. Edict didn’t give any indication anything was wrong.
Still, the quiet made David anxious. He just stood there when he finally reached the president.
The president suddenly burst into a loud squawking fit that almost scared the humans. Again, Edict took it all in stride.
The president calmed down. The chamber then erupted with cheers and clapping. Edict himself was now clapping.
“Welcome to the Council,” the president said, as the celebration subsided, “I am President Azure. Since you are now a member you shall be the one representing the human race. You will have your own seat and be directly responsible for the Anunnaki.”
“Will humans have any say in intergalactic affairs?” David asked
“Of course,” Azure answered, “That’s what the seat is for. It gives you a vote. You’ll also be given your own office. We work every day, but only assemble once every month to hear each other’s issues.”
“With as many members as there are,” David said, “I imagine it’s a lot.”
“You wouldn’t believe,” Azure answered, “Also since you are now members, we have rechristened the AFU to now be the NAFU, New Allied Fleet of the Universe.”
“You hear that, Peyton?!” Anthony asked. He and the other Horsemen were on a float in a parade. Smiling and waving.
Anthony continued, “We just need more races to sign up,” he said, “Then we can become the Super New Allied Fleet of the Universe! Get it?”
They all thought it was funny.
Peyton kept smiling and waving. “Geez, Anthony, do you ever quit?” he jokingly asked.
The float eventually reached its destination.
Jenny looked at Anthony, “SNAFU, really?!” she asked.
Samantha smiled and shook her head, “I swear,” she said, “The things you come up with.”
Peyton came around, “Anthony, good one,” he said, “Come on guys, Ambassador Thomas wants to see us.”
The transport took them to David’s office.
“Greetings!” David said as they entered.
“Wanna hear a joke?” Anthony asked.
“No thanks,” David said, “Anjum just told me one about becoming the SNAFU.”
Anthony held out his arms to Anjum, “Hey!” he cried.
Jenny looked to Anjum, “I think he told the same joke!”
Anjum chuckled, “It’s true then,” she said, “Great minds think alike.”
“Ok, ok, ok,” David began “For your service and what you’ve done the UED has released you to do whatever you want. I’m sure you all have dreams and I’d like to invite you to pursue those dreams while working as my personal escorts.”
“I was going career anyway,” Anthony said, “I’m down.”
Jenny thought for a minute, “As long as I can study medicine in the meantime,” she said, “I suppose I’m in as well.
Samantha pondered longer, “I don’t know.” she said.
“Come on,” Anthony said, “Don’t break up a good thing.”
Peyton could feel the pressure coming his way.
“It’s only once a month, Sam,” Jenny added.
“Well, for the most part,” David said, “There’ll be other occasions.”
“That’s more than enough time for you to do your biology thing,” Anthony said.
Samantha gave it a little more thought, “Ok,” she said, “If I can do both, why not?”
David stood before Peyton. Neither of them said anything at first. Peyton avoided eye contact.
Peyton sat, “I need to talk with Elizabeth.” he said.
David sat next to Peyton, “We’ve talked about this,” he said, “It is retirement. You’ll just be working for me.”
“She’ll say it’s the same thing,” Peyton said.
“How is it the same,” Jenny asked, “You won’t be getting missions from the UED.”
“You’re gonna miss us,” Anthony added.
“Most of the time,” Samantha said, “We’ll probably just be standing around looking tough. You can definitely do that. Easy job.”
“Come on, Peyton,” David said, “It’ll mostly be once a month, and like Anthony said, you’ll miss us. You need this. It’ll give you a reason to put that suit on.”
Peyton ran his hands over his head and sighed, “Fine,” he said, “Just let me talk with Elizabeth.”
VESTIGES
Peyton walked down alone on a sidewalk. There was a lot of construction going on. NAFU soldiers were everywhere busy helping out. Peacekeepers roamed the streets. The former AFU was now doing everything they could to make up for what they did.
“May I assist you?” a peacekeeper asked.
“No thanks,” Peyton said, “Walking home, almost there.”
The first thing Peyton saw before his house was Elizabeth looking on.
Peyton got the jump on her, pinching her from behind.
Elizabeth turned, surprised, “Peyton,” she cried, “Thank goodness you’re back!”
Peyton hugged her and then noticed his house, or lack thereof, “What the…”  he complained, “Awww.”
 His house was under heavy construction.
“About the house,” Elizabeth began, “I’ve been meaning to tell you. It sort of got blown-up.”
“Well, obviously,” Peyton said, “I expected some damage, but damn!”
John came running from the construction, “Dad, your back!” he yelled.
“Hey!” Peyton waved.
“On the bright side,” Elizabeth added, handing him a key, “We get a new house.”
Peyton looked down, shaking his head as he placed it in one hand.
“Come now,” Elizabeth said, “It could be worse. Let’s go a few blocks down to the park.”
“Ok,” Peyton said, “John, let’s go.”
“Alright!” John cried.
“How was it,” Elizabeth asked as they walked, “Those missions against the Anunnaki? It’s been all over the news and I know you had a hand in it.”
Peyton shrugged, “It went ok,” he answered, “Obviously, we settled them down. They can’t do anything to humans, so you got nothing to worry about. How about you? How’s work been?”
Elizabeth ‘lit up’ with wide eyes, “I haven’t been to work in days since the war, but the last time, Kimberly forgot to run the new schematics up.”
Peyton nodded, “Yup,” he said, “You told me that one.”
“About the new changes they’re going to do at work?” Elizabeth asked.
Peyton shook his head, “No,” he said, “That’s a new one.”
“Well,” Elizabeth began, “We have to change shifts, work holidays, handle fourteen states instead of the one we’re in, and they all have different statutes and laws. Our phone calls will now be monitored, hell even our computers will be monitored. Every file will be reviewed…”
“I told you before,” Peyton interrupted, “You can quit anytime and just stay home.”
“That’s not the point,” Elizabeth said, “Do you realize how long I’ve been there, and that’s not all. I have to ‘check in’ every so often, around fifteen minutes, by pushing a stupid button. A so-called boss will sit right next to us to watch us work, and once a week we’ll have a one-on-one with them to discuss work. That’s just the things I can think of right now.
“Maybe they want everyone to quit,” Peyton said.
“Maybe,” Elizabeth said, “Supposedly, it’s moving soon, so we won’t have a job anyway.”
John was just about to head into the park.
“They have a small zoo here,” Peyton said, “Let’s check it out.”
“Yes!” John said excitedly.
The zoo was small, but they had animals from different planets, soon they’d have much more variety now the Earth was part of NAFU.
John stood nearby to start looking at the animals.
“We’ve been invited to a birthday party this weekend,” Elizabeth said, “Matt said he and his wife are celebrating two birthdays, Nick’s was last weekend, James’ is next weekend.”
“We still have a few days to get them a gift,” Peyton said, “I thought you hated the mom.”
“She’s ok,” Elizabeth said, “It’s just girl talk and me gossiping, besides her little girls are cute.”
“What’s their names again?” Peyton asked.
“Hilary and Prisma,” Elizabeth answered.
“Got it,” Peyton said, “I’ll try to remember that. That guy needs to know when to quit having kids.”
“We need two names for our baby,” Elizabeth said.
Peyton was shocked, “You’re having twins?!” he said.
“No, silly,” Elizabeth answered, “We need two in case it’s a boy or girl.”
“Well, that’s easy,” Peyton said phasing his suit on.
“You’re going to cheat again?” Elizabeth said.
“As opposed to going to a dr.,” Peyton began, “Yes, and why is it cheating to you? I can just scan it and boom! Done. We just need to go to a dr. to see how the baby is doing.”
“Fine,” Elizabeth said, holding her arms out, “Do your thing.”
“It’s not going to hurt,” Peyton said, then running his sensors on Elizabeth to get the sex of the baby. He phased the suit off and turned to rest on an enclosure, “Interesting.”
“Well,” Elizabeth said, “What is it?”
Peyton knew, but decided to play with Elizabeth for a while, “You’d love to know,” he stated, “Wouldn’t you?”
Elizabeth joined Peyton on the enclosure, “Don’t make me beat it out of you.” She said just as jokingly as he was being.
“It’s a boy,” Peyton said, “Or is it?”
Elizabeth playfully punched Peyton on the arm, “Give it up.” she said.
Peyton grabbed his arm as if it hurt, “Alright, alright,” he said, “Girl, girl. It’s a girl.”
Tears suddenly welled up in Elizabeth’s eyes, “Really?” she uttered.
Peyton held her close and both looked on to the enclosure.
“What do say we name her after your mother?” Peyton suggested.
“Isabel,” Elizabeth thought out loud, “I love that name. Ok, let’s do it.”
Peyton just looked on at the animals, separated by a divider, in the enclosure, “What are those?” he asked.
Elizabeth looked at a nearby plaque sticking out of the ground to read it, “Here’s a digital info stand. It says here they’re ligons.”
Peyton kept looking, one of the ligons was completely sedentary, just lying there. The other was active and roaming about.
Elizabeth kept reading, “There’s more here,” she continued, “It also says that when they get a certain age they become more aggressive and must be released back in the wild.”
“Ligons,” 	Peyton said curiously, “Like a lion and tiger in one.”
“No,” Elizabeth corrected, “Those are called ligers or tigons.”
“Well,” Peyton said, “They sure look the same.”
“Except for the color,” Elizabeth added.
Peyton thought more as he compared the two ligons, “Good news, I’m now retired.”
Elizabeth turned to Peyton and quickly kissed him, “You are,” she said, “That is good.”
“David’s retired too,” Peyton said, “He’s an ambassador now.”
“Good for him,” Elizabeth said.
“He’s asked me to join his personal escort,” Peyton said.
Elizabeth slightly leaned away, “What?” she asked.
“Personal escort,” Peyton repeated, “I haven’t given him my answer yet.”
“What are you going to say?” Elizabeth asked.
“I wanted to talk with you first,” Peyton replied, “What do you think?”
“I think it’s ridiculous,” Elisabeth answered, “You leave, then the UED, or NAFU, or whatever they’re called drag you back.”
Peyton held Elizabeth tighter, “It’s not the UED or NAFU,” he said, “It’s David. We are retired. It’ll mostly be once a month. It’s just standing around or going place to place with David, and I won’t be alone. I’ll have some good people who got my back,” He turned Elizabeth to face the enclosure, “You see those ligons? I can’t be like that one just lying there. I need to get out.”
Elizabeth looked on. She compared the ligons and realized Peyton could never just sit around with little to do. It just wasn’t in his character. She turned back to him, “Do what you have to.” she said.
“I knew you’d be reasonable,” Peyton said, “David will certainly be happy when I tell him.”
“I can’t believe I’m letting you do this,” Elizabeth said.
John stepped forward, “Hey dad,” he called, “Can I see your suit again?”
Peyton released Elizabeth for her to step back, “Sure,” he said, “I’ve got to be somewhere anyways and send that message. I’ll be right back.”
Peyton phased on his suit and after a moment went up in a beam of light.

~~~~

Thank you for reading. The End.

###

ABOUT THE AUTHOR
I was born in 1981 and raised in Aurora, IL. Much of my childhood and school days are a blur. It all seemed to go by so fast. I began writing after high school. I wrote in private because I didn’t think anyone would believe I was a writer. I wrote for years with little going on and carrying on with life until I had a stroke.
My focus in writing has always been sci-fi/fantasy. My inspiration for this story has been (in no particular order) Star Trek, Star Wars, Guyver, our illustrious military, and a whole lot of pseudoscience. I think the great thing about being human is that we can have our cake and eat it too. We can like both Star Trek and Star Wars. Most people prefer one or the other and that’s ok, but why not admit to liking both? I think Star Trek represents a future we hope for and Star Wars represents a future we want.
Follow me on Twitter Jose Rodriguez (@JoseRod74866629) / Twitter

