OmniWar: Horsemen
By Jose Rodriguez Jr
Cover by Tatiana Villa at villatat@gmail.com

Copyright 2015 Jose Rodriguez Jr

License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


~~~~


Table of Contents
TIMELINE
WAR
EARTH
EDICT
S.S. UNITY
ARRIVAL
ALL-OUT ATTACK
RESCUE
TO RUIN
FAMINE 
GEODEN
ERIDANI
XURIGANS
ANUNNAKI
ANUNNAKX
THE GOOD DR.
PESTILENCE 
VENATI
MAJOR TOM
AMBUSH
DEATH
SERPENZ
COMING HOME
I’LL BE WAITING
ABOUT THE AUTHOR

TIMELINE
I recognized this story has A LOT of skipping around different times, so, I made this to help you understand what is what since I realized it could be confusing to some 
Format = Time - Chapter
Millions of years ago – Xurigans, Anunnaki, Anunnakx
2981 – War
2990 – Famine, Geoden
2994 – Pestilance, Venati
2995 – Death, Serpenz
2996 – Earth, Edict, S.S. Unity, Arrival, All-Out Attack, Rescue, To Ruin, Eridani, The Good Dr., Major Tom, Ambush, Coming Home, I’ll Be Waiting

~~~~


WAR
In the Cephei War of 2981, humanity fought the Cephei (a humanoid reptilian race) over territory. On one of the colonies, Theta 7, Private (Pvt.) Peyton Hanson, in his Phase type VII, Next (NXT) generation suit, ducked down behind a small embankment to avoid an explosion.
Peyton Hanson is a Myrmidon, like every other genetically enhanced soldier in the United Earth Command (UEC). The procedure enhances everything from durability to endurance. Reaction time is increased to the point where it’s nearly impossible to surprise them.
The suits, Guyver/Iron Man-like in appearance, are generalized for different bodies and worn from head to toe. Each suit increases strength, speed, senses, and armor with each type improving on the last.
The Cephei had suits as well, but they were not nearly as advanced as the UEC. Cephei suits only had armor to protect them. UEC’s provided that and a personal, rechargeable shield that could temporarily block projectiles as long as it wasn’t a melee attack or from a high-powered rifle; those were one-hitter quitters.
In Peyton’s case, he wore the war loadout or WAR variant, one of many. Each suits’ helmet had a visor, differing between types, and a heads-up display (HUD) showing information adequate to the scenario.
The suits utilized zero-space, with their own little, round, green nodes on the hands and forearms. It is similar to virtual computer space and actually limited to a degree, but is capable of housing all of a suit’s weapons and tools. The suit, weapons, or tools phase quickly in or out of existence depending on what the individual wants via neural interlink. It was only called ‘zero-space’ because the item took up no space in the real world when phased in.
Right now, Peyton needed a grenade to toss back. He phased one in his hand, armed, and tossed it. His HUD displayed an incoming hi-priority message, when he accessed it, his Colonel (Col.) popped up on his visor as a small image, “Private, this is Col. Randolph, report back to base and find me for a mission of the utmost importance. Col. Randolph, over and out.”
It was dark, kinetic bullets and plasma bolts were flying in all directions with explosions here and there. Peyton carefully moved through the embankment among the ruins of a city, moving around bodies and Myrmidons still fighting. Once in a while, in the distance, he would see brief clusters of light beaming Myrmidons down or up. This was a feature of the NXT generation of suits. Instead of using shuttles to land, a transport ship or any military ship can beam up or down people rapidly. A teleporter on a ship sent a person down at a very high speed, slowing about two feet from the ground for a ‘soft’ landing. If someone wanted to go up they just needed to call and be outside with a capable ship in orbit, above them.
In the clear, Peyton dashed to the base. Inside, he phased off his helmet. He was young, had short black hair, hazel eyes, and an overall rugged look. On his neck and just behind the ears were small nodes, surgically attached and glowing green. These are what allowed Peyton to phase his suit in or out around his body. Every Myrmidon had these around the neck, behind the ears, chest, back, shoulders, elbows, hands, knees, and feet.
The base was busy with people trying to do their jobs. Peyton went downstairs and through a hallway. It was in a large room, the command center, he found the Col. right where he expected.
Col. Randolph barked out an order to advance as Peyton walked up to him and saluted, “Private Peyton Hanson, reporting for duty, sir.”
The Col. wrapped one arm around Peyton and began walking, “Private, we have intel saying there’s a Cephei tank heading our way from the east. Now I don’t have to tell you the damage that thing can cause if it gets here; Which is why I’m asking you to carry a special loadout and intercept that tank before it gets here. I could order you to do it, but this is an especially dangerous mission.”
Peyton didn’t hesitate to turn to the Col. and give a quick salute, “Yes, sir. Just point me in the right direction.’
“Great!” Col. Randolph said, “Report to the armory on the double.”
“Yes, sir,” Peyton said.
 The Cephei tank was heavily armed, several stories tall, and impervious to all but the heaviest of weapons. It moved at an average speed thanks to the five hover generators underneath, four around a central large one. It even had its own decks, filled with soldiers.
Peyton knew what was involved. When he got to the armory he quickly began to phase out weapons and discard them to make room until he had nothing but a few weapons, some batteries, grenades, and a lot of ammunition.
Kinetic weapons didn’t use gunpowder so you could double the ammunition, fire faster, and shoot just as far. When fired, the sound they made was like smacking two bricks together, and there was no flash. The projectiles, made of a composite, magnetic, hard metal, were chambered against a strong magnet, with a weak magnet on the other side. When the trigger was pulled, it turned off the strong magnet and the weak magnet pulled the projectile along a rail with more magnets of ever-increasing strength propelling the projectile so fast that by the time it left the chamber it was as deadly as any bullet, maybe even more so. Plus, the ones on cannons were nearly undetectable without a special radar. Indicators on the weapon told the user what was needed, and it was powered by a replaceable battery.
An officer approached Peyton and shook his hand, “Call me Bill. Ready? It’s in the next room. Follow me.”
Peyton went to where the giant bomb was waiting. It was as big as a man. There was also a hoverbike. The room had some people chattering and a lot of holographic computers. Some people were on the computers, using their minds as the interface and pushing away at virtual buttons.
“You ever use one of these?” Bill asked Peyton of the bomb.
“Wouldn’t be the first time,” Peyton replied, “It’s an HX-22 bomb that can take out a few buildings.”
“Precisely,” Bill said, “Just place it next to the tank, set the timer, and get your ass out of there fast with this hoverbike. We couldn’t get a transport ship on such short notice, but with this hoverbike, you won’t need one.”
Peyton placed his hands on the bomb and hoverbike to let the nodes on his suit phase them in.
“Ok, you’re ready,” Bill said, “Good luck, Pvt.”
Peyton phased his helmet on and moved out. It was as if he was carrying nothing. Outside, he hastily moved across the battlefield. An explosion sent heavy rubble onto him and knocked him down. His comrades had taken cover; everyone’s shield protected them. Peyton easily climbed out and scanned around for any nearby Cephei. He didn’t see any and his comrades did their best to provide cover fire.
Peyton made his way to a small field where he quickly phased out his hoverbike and took off. The hoverbike moved swiftly with only a faint humming sound. He still saw the occasional tracer, plasma bolt, or explosion, and didn’t really know or care if any of it was for him. All he cared about at the moment was getting to the other side as fast as possible.
Once there, Peyton got off the hoverbike and phased it in. He had his HUD display a map of the area and show suspected enemy locations. One was nearby. He moved around through the ruins cautiously and had his visor go into thermal imaging mode.
Peyton could see four heat signatures grouped around the corner. He carefully moved into a position where he had a great vantage looking down on them. They were Cephei, Peyton didn’t know what they were up to, and they seemed hunkered down around a turret.
Peyton then noticed the Cephei position overlooked a wide area. It was a good position, too good to leave in enemy hands. All he had was his suit and the element of surprise. One grenade would do the trick, but then he might destroy valuable military intelligence. He phased out a KP7A2 submachine gun (SMG), jumped down on the Cephei beneath him, and took him hostage. He quickly shot and killed one as the other two scrambled back and went for weapons. Peyton killed another about to take aim. The last Cephei wildly fired a three-round burst at Peyton, one blast hit his shield and was absorbed. The other two blasts hit and killed his hostage. Peyton held his hostage tight and killed the last Cephei with his SMG.
Once Peyton was sure everyone was dead he dropped his hostage. He quickly checked the dead Cephei for any military intel and found a map. Peyton’s HUD translated everything on it. He was in one of many Cephei defensive fighting positions (DFP). The map also showed where the Cephei base was. It wasn’t far, near the edge, one city over.
Starting to cross Peyton’s field of view (FOV) was the Cephei tank. He started getting ideas - he could take out the tank or use the bomb to take out the base. It was a hard decision. If he could take out the base it would probably end the war, but then he’d be disobeying his order to destroy the tank. The thought of finally ending the war and saving human lives was too overwhelming. The base had to be eliminated.
Peyton carefully bypassed the tank, moving through the ruins. When he came to a road, he phased out his hoverbike and moved on. The map, now on his visor, allowed him to avoid any DFP’s. He eventually had to use a desolate highway to get to the next city. On an overpass, he could see the base among the ruins.
The Cephei base had some turrets, a few one-man patrols, and the occasional drop-off or pick up by transport ships, but that was it. Peyton made sure to stay out of the FOV of the turrets as he crept up. The Cephei were keeping things low-key, but the map showed this to be a major base of operations. He didn’t even have to worry about spotlights and his visor showed no mines. 
As Peyton got closer, one patrol approached dangerously close. He hid in the dark and when the time was right, he grabbed the Cephei from behind and quickly snapped his neck before dragging the body in the shadows.
Peyton stood next to the base, phased out the bomb, and set the timer at just one minute. He phased out his hoverbike and went back the way he came as fast as possible. An alarm went off and several patrols fired upon him, all of them missing and never realizing a bomb was about to go off. When it did detonate, it completely destroyed the base and surrounding area.
The hoverbike flipped from the concussion. Peyton fell to the ground but was ok. He sat up to see the aftermath. Peyton could relax - No more base, no one was after him, or shooting at him. The hoverbike only sustained minor damage and that was from the flip. Peyton was able to get back on leave. There was no resistance on the way back and no sign of the tank.
When Peyton got back to base or what was left of it, all he saw were a lot of fires and light beams. The base was busy with people helping the wounded or searching for survivors. Shuttles came and went. There was no fighting so Peyton phased off his helmet and looked around. The base was in shambles, and in the distance was the Cephei tank finally being destroyed by bombers.
Peyton rummaged through the base where he saw people evacuating or being carried out on stretchers. He ran into a shaggy Bill trying to leave.
“The tank devastated us, but then the Cephei just stood down,” Bill said.
“It might have something to do with me taking out their base,” Peyton said.
“That’d do it,” Bill replied. “We can take our Myrmidons here and reinforce our lines elsewhere. Without that base, they should be easy to mop up. You might have just ended this war.”
Just then Peyton spotted an injured Col. being carried out on a stretcher.
“Be happy,” Bill added. “You’re a hero.”
EARTH
At home on Earth in 2996, Peyton, now a Sergeant (Sgt.) was at the beach with his wife and son. Out of his suit and enjoying the warm weather, he and his family enjoyed the walk.
“What do you plan to do?” his wife asked.
“I’m not sure, Elizabeth,” Peyton replied, “Finish this year with the UEC, get a job with the police,” Peyton smiled, “Maybe have more kids.”
Elizabeth sighed, “Do you have to do something dangerous?”
“Relax,” Peyton assured, “I’ll probably get stuck behind a desk like I am now. Everyone thinks I’m a hero. I chose to take out that base at great expense to my battalion.”
Elizabeth hugged Peyton, “You did what you had to.”
Peyton waved at his son, “Hey, John, slow down! Don’t go too far.”
“You made a decision and saved people,” Elizabeth said.
“Yeah in the long run,” Peyton said, “I should have taken out that tank. It nearly wiped out my battalion.”
“You’re still alive,” Elizabeth said, as she snuggled up against Peyton, “That’s all that matters. Stop doubting yourself.”
“Aren’t you excited about the ‘more kids’ part?” Peyton asked.
“That’s a few years down the line,” Elizabeth said, “I’m sure we’ll manage.”
“Let me ask you something,” Peyton began, “Do you think it’s a good idea to have kids in this day and age?”
Elizabeth looked at Peyton curiously, “As opposed to when, and that’s a hell of a thing to say considering we have a ten-year-old. It’s sorta too late for doubts now.”
“I love John,” Peyton countered, “I’m talking about having more kids. Our worlds have their share of problems.”
“Like what?” Elizabeth asked.
“Crazy people, neo-terrorists, corrupt politicians,” Peyton answered, “Tell me something? How the hell did terrorists get on other planets?”
“Homegrown,” Elizabeth replied, “I imagine it had to be difficult at first. Then it just got easier and easier as time went on. We’ll always have those problems. Right now I’m more concerned with John. He spends so much time in those holorooms.”
“Holosuites,” Peyton corrected, “You rent them. A holoroom is when you have one in your house.”
“Whatever,” Elizabeth said, “John wants one. He’s always pretending to be you.”
“Don’t you tell him it’s just a game and he can get hurt in real life?” Peyton asked.
“Sure I do,” Elizabeth said, “He doesn’t care. You’re the greatest thing in the Universe to him.”
Peyton looked slightly disappointed, “Far be it from me to change his feelings about me, but I’m only a Myrmidon because I have to. He can do whatever.”
“That’s not what he thinks,” Elizabeth said, “He and his friends hear all these stories about you. It’s like you’re some kind of superhero.”
“I’m sure half of it’s made up,” Peyton said, “Hey, John! Come on. Let’s go.”
Now on the sidewalk with John nearby and stores on one side, Peyton said, “I heard you like spending time in holosuites pretending to be a Myrmidon.”
Peyton smiled at Elizabeth.
“I’m gonna be the best Myrmidon ever.” John declared.
“Let’s turn in this store,” Peyton said.
“This is the Hololounge.” John said.
Inside, Peyton and Elizabeth browsed around while John played in one of the holosuites. A sales representative walked up to Elizabeth, shook her hand, and introduced herself.
“Hi, I’m Beverly. Call me Bev. Can I help you find something?” she asked. 
“We’re looking for a holoroom.” Peyton said.
“Are you adding or using an existing room?” Beverly asked.
“Existing room if possible,” Elizabeth said.
“May I suggest holocubes then?” Beverly said, “Place them at certain points in your room, and presto! You’ve got a holoroom.”
“We’ll take some of those,” Peyton said.
Beverly grabbed a pack.
“Elizabeth, please go get John,” Peyton said, as he followed Beverly, “Let’s get out of here.”
Elizabeth went to find John as Beverly placed the pack on the counter. As she turned to get a bag, a man quickly grabbed the holocubes and ran off. Peyton, nearby, gave chase. On the streets, the thief shoved his way through the crowd and navigated various obstacles.
Peyton wasn’t far behind, easily doing whatever the thief did. In fact, he was catching up. It got to the point where the thief felt like he had to pull a gun.
Peyton ducked between two buildings to shield himself. Two shots came close to hitting him while a third injured an innocent bystander. As soon as the shooting stopped, Peyton continued the chase. He phased on his suit as he ran to absorb the gunfire. The bullets from this particular gun did little against the Myrmidon’s shields.
Elizabeth and John peeked out the door to see what was happening.
It didn’t take long for Peyton to catch up with the thief and easily subdue him. He held the thief down until the police arrived a short while later.
The police had their own suits - the POL variant.
“Thank you, sir,” an officer said, “We got it from here.” 
Peyton grabbed the pack of holocubes. “Is it ok if I return these?” he asked an officer.
The officer scanned them with his visor. “It’s ok, we have everything we need,” he said lifting the thief up. “Everybody, please, get back to business.”
By the time Peyton got back to the Hololounge he had already phased off his suit, “Here are your cubes.” he said to Beverly.
“Please,” Beverly begged, “keep them.”
“Huh?” Peyton said confused, “I just got these back for you. Besides, it wouldn’t be right.”
“After what you did, it’s the least we can do,” Beverly said.
“I’ll tell you what,” Peyton suggested, “I’ll take these if you give me a discount.”
On a tram going home, Elizabeth was leering at Peyton with her arms folded.
“What’s the matter?” Peyton asked.
“You know damn well what’s wrong,” Elizabeth responded, “First you get involved in a dangerous situation, and then, you had to get those cubes.”
“It’s alright,” Peyton assured, “I have my suit and the cubes are for John.”
“Good thing you had the suit,” Elizabeth said, “Hon, did you have to get the cubes? She gave them to you for practically nothing.”
“She was just being thankful,” Peyton said, “At least we paid for them. Besides, where else were we gonna get a deal like that?”
“She was hitting on you.” Elizabeth quickly added, as another man with nodes on his body similar to Peyton’s walked up and greeted him.
“Hi, I see you’re a Myrmidon. I’m Pvt. Brent Steward.” he said, shaking hands with Peyton.
“Peyton Hanson,” he replied.
“The Peyton Hanson?” Brent asked excitedly. “The one who ended the Cephei War of 2981? Sir, you’re a legend.”
Peyton was coy, “Well, that’s what they say.”
“My older brother wasn’t deployed because of you.” Brent said, then noticing Elizabeth and John, “I’m sorry is this your family?
“This is my wife, Elizabeth,” Peyton said, wrapping one arm around her, “This little guy here is my son, John.”
“Pleasure to meet y’all,” Brent said, then leaning toward John and whispering, “Listen to your Dad, he’s a hero.”
Just then a loud noise shook the tram and brought it to a screeching halt. Everybody was thrown forward and the tram lost power. Peyton could tell by the sound it was an explosion. He crawled to a nearby escape hatch and turned a small wheel to open it. Upon exiting, he could see several trams derailed, turned over, or on fire.
Peyton phased on his suit and helped his family escape the tram, “Please, help me.” he asked Brent, after pulling Elizabeth and John to safety, “John, protect your Mom. I’ll be right back.”
Brent phased on his suit and helped people out.
Peyton ran to the nearest overturned tram and was easily able to right it up so people could climb out. He went to the next tram which was on fire and kicked open a fire hydrant to put the flames out.
By that time volunteers, some in suits were helping.
Peyton walked back to his family.
“Wow,” John said amazed, “I’m definitely gonna be a Myrmidon when I grow up.”
EDICT
On the Rho homeworld, Edict sat silently in a small room. Rhos were humanoids with an exoskeleton all over their body. Strategically placed slits made them functionally possible. Their exoskeleton made them all black and clothing next to impossible. Some wore drapes even though it was difficult to see if they were even anatomically correct, but Edict only wore a simple, small chain, some bracelets, and anklets. Like many, including humans, he had an itty-bitty translator that had been injected into him so he could speak to aliens and understand them. The exoskeleton also made them extra strong and notoriously hard to kill. He was already a captain (Capt.) in the Allied Fleet of the Universe (AFU) and wondered what was so important to be pulled away from his duties.
A guard stepped in. “The Council will see you now,” he said.
“I hope it's good news.” Edict said, proceeding to the door.
“You’d be in shackles if it weren’t.” the guard said.
Edict walked down a large hallway that turned to a set of large doors. The guard knocked twice. Both doors slowly opened to reveal an opulent chamber. The room was long. Both sides were filled with various races of the known Universe except humanity. They were standing, clapping, cheering, or a combination of the three. Sitting calmly towards the back in the middle was the elected president, also a Rho.
Edict was in awe as he slowly walked, looking at both sides, until he stood before the president and saluted by placing his right hand over his heart and bowing his head. The crowd grew silent.
“Edict,” the president began, “You graduated top of your class with perfect marks in every category. You have a distinguished military service dating back to the Carver Rebellion and the Sedona Crisis. A perfect service record, some call you a hero.”
“I was just performing my duty, sir.” Edict said.
“Hmm, humble I see,” the president said, “You know why humans are not allowed among our council?”
“Yes, sir.” Edict said.
“Then you know of the prophecy?” the president asked.
“I have heard, sir.” Edict replied.
“The time draws near,” the president said, “We must wipe out the humans before they wipe us all out.”
“I thought those were fairy tales, sir,” Edict began, “Surely you don’t believe…”
“We can’t take that chance,” the president interrupted, “The humans are powerful and cunning, but even they are nothing to our fleet. To help you in this great endeavor we are commissioning you to our dreadnought-class, Tyrant. The Tyrant is a powerful ship as you will soon learn. Henceforth you shall be known as Admiral Edict.”
Edict didn’t entirely agree with his mission, but he wasn’t about to pass up a promotion like this. “Yes, sir.” he accepted.
“The AFU shall be under your command.” the president said. “You are dismissed.”
“Thank you, sir.” Edict said as the crowd erupted with a standing ovation. Edict waved to them as he walked away.
Several men and women from all over the Universe waited, standing at attention in the hall for him.
“Admiral,” one said, standing at attention and saluting.
“At ease, officer,” Edict said.
The officer then explained, “I’m your second-in-command on the Tyrant, Commander Thorne from the Rho colony Eres,” Thorne was one of those who wore a drape, “This is your senior crew, allow me to introduce them. This is your chief medical officer from Karaid IV, Doctor Enry Bones,” he said, walking down the line of men and women standing at attention. Doctor (Dr.) Bones looked like a tall humanoid slug. 
Thorne continued, “Your tactical officer from Talsa II is Lieutenant Commander Zalas Prax. Security from Seculas III is handled by Major Exio Darsith. Your chief engineer from Velas II is Commander Kadala Ried,” Thorne then held up a card to read from, “Science officer and computer specialist from Nera V is Commander 01101000 01101001. Communications officer from Talusa II is Lieutenant Denovon Valiant. And last but certainly not least is your morale officer from Ecklon III, Lieutenant Commander Delsha Nichols. She’ll let you know if a mutiny is about to happen.”
“I’m a psychologist,” Lieutenant Commander (Ltc.) Nichols added. She appeared like a thin, purple, fluorescent, humanoid salamander, “Nothing more.”
“They’re the best in their fields,” Commander (CDR.) Thorne said, “Let’s take a shuttle up to your new ship and take a tour.”
As per regulation, Admiral (Adm.) Edict and CDR. Thorne traveled in separate shuttles should anything bad happen.
The Tyrant was in orbit waiting. Edict was amazed at the sheer size of the ship. After they landed in the docking bay, the crew exited one by one and went about their business.
“Good luck finding anyone,” Lieutenant (Lt.) Valiant said, before handing Edict a tiny circular device. Valiant looked like a tall, humanoid stick-bug. He stood at attention and saluted, “Just kidding, put this on your collar, er, neck plate. It’s a long-range communicator. It’ll work across a planet or between the ship and a planet, but if Tyrant’s two sectors away it won’t work, it’ll be too far out of range. The Tyrant is also capable of receiving and sending messages to any base or ship. Of course, the further they are the longer it will take.”
“At ease, Lt.,” Edict said, as he placed the communicator on his chain around his neck plate, “Let’s have a look at those engines,” he said to Thorne and Kadala.
“We’ll have to take the tram for that, sir,” Kadala said, standing at attention and saluting. She was short and resembled a humanoid bird with light pink feathers. Her nose even looked like a small bill.
“Please, at ease.” Edict said.
Even with the tram ride, there was still some walking and passing of security checkpoints.
“Here we are,” Kadala said, “The engine room. Everything is running nominally.”
Edict walked around, inspecting some of the equipment. Kadala and Thorne followed close by.
“We have a graviton drive,” Kadala explained, “Four zeta thrusters for planetary and interplanetary movement, sixteen pulse thrusters for fine movement. The shields can withstand two gamma cannon blasts before hitting the hull which will take maybe one more blast, and then we’ll have a breach. We have a deflector that will push a small asteroid out of the way. Oh, and we can stay within a gas planet or submerged in liquid indefinitely.
“Call me crazy, but I’m guessing we can land too?” Edict asked.
“That too,” Kadala said, “Any solid surface, sir.”
Edict tapped his communicator and called, “Doctor Bones, where are you?”
“On the medical deck, Adm., getting things sorted out,” he responded.
“Ok, I’ll be there shortly for a quick inspection. Adm. out.” Edict said.
Dr. Bones and Ltc. Nichols were waiting for the Adm. near the tram to begin their tour. They both stood at attention and saluted. Edict was followed by Thorne the entire way.
“Both of you, at ease.” Edict said.
“How’s the ride, sir?” Delsha asked.
“Quick,” Edict said, “Tell me again why you’re here?”
“Big ship, sir,” Delsha answered, “People are bound to get stressed out especially on a ship as big as the Tyrant. Think of me and my team as counselors. Our offices are on this deck.”
“Being a psychologist must make you dangerous,” Edict said.
“I like to think of myself as a personal helper, sir,” Delsha said as they entered the medical rooms.
“This is where I work my magic,” Dr. Bones said, “Welcome to Medical, sir.”
“Big place.” Edict said.
“My staff is capable of handling one-quarter of the ship’s personnel at one time,” Bones said, “We have our own R&D facilities and quarantine rooms. We also have the latest imagers, scanners, and noninvasive techniques. As long as the tram system is up-and-running we can be anywhere in three minutes.”
Edict looked around and then at Dr. Bones and Ltc. Nichols, “You two tell me if you need anything.” he said.
Thorne tapped his communicator and contacted Major (Maj.) Exio Darsith, “Maj. Darsith, are you at headquarters (HQ)?"
“Yes, sir,” Exio responded, “I’m getting routes set up.”
“Good,” Thorne said, “The Adm. and I will see you shortly.”
Thorne held one hand out to the door, “After you, sir.” he said to Edict.
Exio was at his desk when Edict and Thorne came in. He immediately stood at attention and saluted when they entered. He was a rocky humanoid with blue lines on his body.
“At ease.” Edict said.
“Please, have a seat,” Exio said as he offered both men to sit.
“So,” Edict began, as he sat, “What can you tell me about your operation?”
“We’re mostly a fully-equipped security force,” Exio said, “We have stations every few sections so we can respond quickly. A Capt. is in charge of each station. Each station reports to me. At a moment’s notice, we can act as a repellent to an invading force or be extra soldiers for your troops if you need. Like any security force, we’re on call twenty-four seven, and we run regular patrols, sir.”
“What if a riot breaks out?” Thorne asked.
“We have special gear for that, sir,” Exio answered.
“Mutiny?” Edict nervously asked.
Exio had to think momentarily before answering, “I’m always on the right side, sir.”
That’s not exactly what Edict wanted to hear.
“Well then, I guess that’s it,” Thorne suggested, breaking up the mood, “Let’s go to the heart of the ship where the bridge and rest of your main officers should be.” He led Edict all the way to the bridge, “We’re fully equipped, with ten regiments and any support they’ll need. The Tyrant being the first of her class is fully upgradeable to testbed new technology. She was built for war but can fulfill the role of exploration as well. We have a sister ship, as you may know, called Goliath being deployed to Zera IV, and we’ll have another next year, her name is Colossus. She’s currently under construction. Right now, we have fleets moving into position to strike human colonies and bases. You just have to give the order.”
The bridge was a white, large, circular room with an imager at the front. A large comfortable chair was situated in the middle near the back and flanked on both sides by smaller chairs. Aside from Edict and Thorne, three other men were working at stations. The stations used holographic inputs.
Edict recognized two of the men. Ltc. Prax and CDR. 01101000 01101001. He approached Ltc. Prax first, “You’re my tactical officer, Prax, correct?”
“Correct, sir,” Prax said, standing at attention and saluting. He looked like a humanoid bear. “I control Tyrant’s weapons.”
“At ease Ltc.,” Edict said, he wasn’t use to being held in high regard and it was starting to bother him, “So tell me what she looks like.”
Prax explained, “The Tyrant is equipped with one forward-firing gamma beam cannon, two on each side, and one aft. Three forward-firing xenon beams, six on each side, and two aft. Fifty KQJ, harpoon, and swarm missile launchers, and fifty X-52 and DR torpedo launchers. One hundred auto fighter and Flak turrets. Twenty-five long-range, E3 torpedo launchers on each side. All weapons have a ninety-degree field of fire. Four hundred eighty various spaceships, that includes fighters. Defenses include several countermeasures, one hundred shadow point defense beams, a Helios jammer, and a Wreckingjer jammer, sir.”
“Unstoppable,” Edict said. “That’s what they should’ve called her. You!” he then pointed to CDR. 01101000 01101001 who resembled a humanoid with some see-through internal machinery, and had a mechanical voice, “Please stay at ease. You’ve got a complicated name,” Edict thought for a moment, “Let’s just call you CDR. Zero.”
“As you wish, sir,” Zero said.
“So what do you do around here?” Edict asked.
“I control all sensors,” Zero started, “External and internal, maintain the computer and perform all necessary experiments.”
A blue humanoid with a lot of tentacles and four hands approached.
“Please stay at ease.” Edict said. “Who are you?”
“Quartermaster De Oca Ledder,” he said, “Sorry I missed you on the planet. Someone had to stay behind and make sure the ship didn’t explode. From my station, I can access and coordinate various parts of Tyrant, including navigation and communications. Basically, if you need something, I’m your go-to guy, sir.”
“Well, Quartermaster, let’s get underway to Earth and stop a prophecy,” Edict said, as he sat in the large chair, “May I speak to the entire crew?”
Quartermaster (QM.) Ledder briefly worked his station, “You’re patched in now, sir.” he said.
“This is Adm. Edict,” he began, “We’ve all heard the ancient prophecies about humans. That if we don’t destroy them, they’ll destroy us. We’ve never been able to substantiate this, but we can’t afford the chance. Now, this next part is very important, so listen carefully. To my crew, if you see me walking by you can stand at attention and salute then, go about your business. If you are a part of my senior crew, you do not. I repeat. Do not have to stand at attention and salute me,” Edict looked at Ledder and ran a finger across his neck for the QM. to cut the feed, “QM., please engage the graviton drive.”
The Tyrant and its fleet of smaller ships broke orbit and initiated their graviton drives, which made them briefly appear to stretch and course with electricity before rapidly and seemingly disappear among the stars.
S.S. UNITY
Peyton, Elizabeth, and John had made it home safely, in an empty room. It was nighttime and Peyton was busy setting up the holocubes while Elizabeth tried to calm an excited John.
“I don’t think it’s a good idea to put these in the Guestroom,” Elizabeth said.
“It’s perfect!” Peyton said, “No one ever uses this room.”
“Peyton,” Elizabeth said, “This room is used almost every holiday."
“Elizabeth,” Peyton said, “It’s going to be a holoroom. They can have any room they want.”
“That’s the beauty of it!” John declared, waving his fists in the air.
“Sleep talking,” Elizabeth pointed out, “People talk in their sleep. How would you like to suddenly be in the water with a shark above you, wondering what the hell happened? It’s happened you know.”
“You believe everything,” Peyton whispered to himself, “Then they can use another room. Besides, where else are we going to set this up?” he said, placing the last cube, “Done. There you go, my little doppelganger wannabe.”
“Peyton,” Elizabeth whispered angrily.
Just then came the sound of a doorbell. Peyton and Elizabeth went to open the door only to see two men, Myrmidons, and a shuttle on their front lawn, waiting. “Sgt., please come with us right away.” one said.
“Why? What happened?” Elizabeth asked.
“Relax,” Peyton assured, getting between the men and Elizabeth. “I’m sure it’s nothing. Probably has to do with earlier.”
“The Maj. sent us.” A soldier said.
“Maj.? Maj. Tom?” Peyton asked, looking at his wife, “See, nothing?”
Elizabeth watched as Peyton entered the shuttle and take off into the night sky.
“So no idea what the Maj. wants?” Peyton asked.
Both soldiers shook their heads.
“I guess we’ll just have to wait until we get there,” Peyton said, then, noticing a big starship he had never seen before. “Is that the new unity-class?” he asked.
One of the soldiers looked at Peyton and nodded his head, “That’s where the Maj. is. That’s where we’re taking you.” he said.
The shuttle landed in one of the bays. Peyton followed the soldiers, there was a short tram ride involved to the Maj’s office, “Please, enter at your discretion, sir.” one said.
Peyton entered and there he was at his desk, Maj. David Peter Thomas; a strong, slightly older man with a shaved head, brown eyes, and inactive nodes. He had a medium, slender build.
“Sir, I hope I’m not dis…” Peyton began, as he started saluting.
“Nonsense,” the Maj. interrupted, as he came around his desk and gave the Sgt. a big hug, “Peyton! I’m glad to see you.”
“Sir?” Peyton said.
The Maj. sat on his desk, “Peyton, please, I’ve told you before it’s just David when we’re alone. We’ve known each other too long for these formalities. Drop it. Relax!”
Peyton eased up and had a seat, “How’s Jane?” he asked.
“The wife?” David repeated, “Ok I suppose. She’s asked about you? Happy you’re the one going on this assignment?”
“What assignment?” Peyton asked.
“Pickup,” David said, “We got a signal from Zera IV last night. I’ll tell you more in briefing. So you’re a Sgt. stuck behind a desk, and I’ve got just the thing to get you out.”
“Pickup sounds like a one-man job,” Peyton said.
David held out a hand, “Wait, wait, wait, you’re not alone on this one. We’re going to get you a small team, including you makes four. Let’s see, who do we start with?”
Corporal (Cpl.) Samantha Stevens was in the gym trying to work up a sweat. From an Earth colony on Massama III, she’s a young, tall girl with short, spiky, brown hair and blue eyes - she was best in her class for close-quarters combat (CQC) and got a perfect score. As such, she wore the CQC variation of the suit and favored SMGs or shotguns for what she considered her duty. She went to the locker room for a shower and change.
In her room, writing in her diary, Lance Corporal (LCpl.) Jenny Nguyen was inputting her latest entry. Whatever it was, it made her laugh. She was a young, short girl from Southeast Asia with green eyes. Her black, straight hair was pulled back in a ponytail. As a medic, she graduated at the top of her class in medical school. Her suit, the medical (MED) variant, had a big red cross painted in the middle to show she was a medic. She had a few light weapons, but mostly medical tools and equipment.
Jenny looked at the time on the wall and jumped from her bed, fixing her uniform as she ran out the door. After a brief run in the corridor, she ran into the recreation room or rec room and stood near one of the doorways. There were quite a few Myrmidons around playing various games or just relaxing.
Sitting on a couch, laughing and watching TV, was Private First Class (PFC.) Anthony Azande from Feron III, but his parents are originally from somewhere in the Africa region - a young man with a medium, slender build, short, black hair, and brown eyes. He went through sniper school and just finished demolition school. As a demolitionist, he liked the DMO variation of the suit with a nice sniper rifle, among other weapons and a lot of explosives.
“C’mon, Anthony we’re gonna be late for briefing,” Jenny said, looking at what Anthony was watching, “Isn’t that a very old rerun?” she asked.
“Yup, centuries-old,” Anthony replied, “It’s based on that game. They made a movie in the twenty-first century that bombed. I thought it was so-so.”
“Still rooting for the same color?” Jenny asked.
“As always,” Anthony said, getting up.
“Let’s go meet your team,” David said to Peyton. He led the way as Peyton looked around at its numerous facilities, “Beauty, isn’t she?”
Peyton didn’t hear David, he was in too much awe, “Sorry, what was that?” Peyton said.
David laughed lightly, “Watch your step.” he said, entering a tram.
At the briefing room, Peyton had a seat, followed by Samantha. Jenny and Anthony arrived a short while later and sat.
“Ladies and gentleman,” David began, “First, allow me to welcome you to the S.S Unity. Called so because she was designed to unite with other ships in the fleet and make a bigger one.”
Ships of the UEC began to slowly dock with the Unity from back to front, largest to smallest, making a larger one with rough edges. No one in any of the ships could feel anything. It was a seamless process that only took a few minutes. Numerous airlocks connected the ships.
“She’s completely mobile,” David continued, “With her current loadout. The Unity will be over twenty thousand feet long, over three thousand feet in width, and over four thousand feet in height. It varies. Even connected, Unity can still fire her apocalypse and kinetic cannons, and more countermeasures than I can count. She has her own fighter wings and graviton drive. Any ship docked can still fire their weapons or launch whatever, depending on how they’re connected. Unity’s one of four ships. Each ship is to protect a vital area of human space. Unity’s is to protect Earth and its nearby space. Second, I want you to meet Unity’s artificial intelligence.”
A holographic woman in uniform suddenly digitized or materialized next to David. She appeared young, had a medium build, straight, brown, neck-length hair, and light blue eyes. “Hello, Maj., everyone,” she said. She looked and moved like a human and picked up a stick off the table. She whipped her opposite palm with the stick and didn’t even wince in pain, “I am officially designated artificial mobile intelligence seventy-nine hundred. You can call me Amy.”
 Jenny raised her hand until Amy called her, “You mean Ami, right? she asked.
“Amy,” she said.
“Ami?” Jenny asked.
“Amy,” she corrected.
“Anyway,” David said, “Amy will explain our mission.”
Amy explained, “We are headed to Zera IV. We got signal late yesterday.”
A holographic picture of a woman’s head sprouted up from the floor.
“This is Dr. Anjum Sayyad,” Amy said, “From Canada, but her parents are from India. She is an archeologist, working for the UEC, leading an excavation at one of Zera IV’s sites,” she said, then pointing with the stick at another image that sprouted up, “We will drop you here in this field by these buildings near the site after sunset so you can move under cover of night. It is the closest we can get, and we don’t want to rouse any suspicion.”
Anthony raised his hand until called, “Two things. How do we know it’s her? And why not just read the message?”
Amy answered, “She was the only one given this beacon. Only she could have purposely phased it out and activated it, and it is a beacon - nothing to read, just a signal. It must be important for her to activate it. Your mission is simple: go in and extract the Dr. The thing is you will have to use a shuttle for extraction; she is not a Myrmidon, but she’s using a Phase type V, first or 1ST generation/exploration suit. Your team call sign for this assignment is ‘Horsemen’. Cpl. your call sign is ‘Famine’, LCpl. is ‘Pestilence’, PFC. you’re ‘Death’, and Sgt. your call sign will be ‘War’. The mission begins when Unity is in orbit around Zera IV. It is a ringed planet with two moons, so even without the suits, you’ll be able to see a little. That is all I have now.”
“Thank you, Amy,” David said, “You can upload to the mainframe or whatever. You’re all dismissed. Sgt., please follow me.”
Everyone exited; Peyton did as he was told and followed David on to the tram.
“See?” David said to Peyton, “I wouldn’t even call it an assignment. Just get the Dr. and get out. It’s a little something to get your feet wet, or boots dirty, or whatever. Now, let’s go to my office and blow off some steam with a friend of mine named ‘Scotch’.”
After she had all her ships, the Unity set course, and like Tyrant, activated her graviton drive and took off.
ARRIVAL
In David’s office, he and Peyton were relaxing in chairs, talking and enjoying their drinks.
“So what’s the desk like,” David asked, taking a swig of his drink, “Boring?!”
“Logistics isn’t the most exciting thing,” Peyton answered, “Have you ever made a choice and deeply regret it later.”
“All the time!” David laughed.
The answer made Peyton chuckle a little, “I’m talking about being on the battlefield, where lives matter. They depend on you.”
David leaned in, “My opinion,” he said to Peyton, “We all make choices. You just have to learn how to live with yours.”
Peyton nodded and stood. “Thanks for the drink. I must be going now. I’ve got a lot of catching up to do.” he said, leaving through the door and placing a hand on what looked like bits of data flowing across the wall. A node instantly absorbed the information. Peyton then used the node to display a hologram showing where his room was.
When Peyton got to his room, he used a monitor to call Elizabeth.
She answered after a few rings. An image of her head popped up on the screen, “Hello…Peyton, where are you?” she said.
“Hi Elizabeth,” Peyton said, “Don’t wait up for me, I won’t be home tonight. Tell John I love him.”
“Why aren’t you coming home?” Elizabeth asked, frustrated.
“Simple pickup and extraction mission,” Peyton answered.
“Why you? Why not someone else if it’s simple?” Elizabeth asked.
“I guess they wanted to pull me away from the desk,” Peyton said.
“Bull!” Elizabeth said, “It’s Maj. Tom. Lemme talk to him.”
Peyton sighed lightly, “Hon, please don’t worry. The last thing I need is for you to worry.”
Elizabeth began sobbing, “It never fails. You were gonna quit this year and they dragged you back.” she said.
Peyton nodded in agreement, “I know, but like I said it’s just a pickup and extraction. If it makes you feel better I’ll retire after this one, ok?”
Elizabeth struggled to hold back her tears, “I love you.” she said.
“Love you too,” Peyton whispered back, before hanging up. He buried his head in his hands and thought of what life would be like after retirement.
Samantha walked calmly into the chow hall and got in line. The hall was full of Myrmidons eating. Two Myrmidons approached with one getting in front of her, cutting in line, while the other one snuck up behind.
“Hey, Sam,” the one behind said, “Heard you’re going out. Gonna rescue some kids again?”
“It’s not a kid,” Samantha said.
“What’s with you and all these pickups?” he said, “When are you gonna get a real mission?”
Samantha tried moving forward, but the Myrmidon in front was deliberately blocking her path. She didn’t say anything. After a second of thinking, she quickly hit the Myrmidon behind her in the groin area, bringing him to his knees, and smashing his face into the counter before breaking his arm at the elbow and holding on.
“You broke my arm!” the Myrmidon screamed, wincing in pain.
“Shut up, you’re a Myrmidon. It’ll heal before you know it,” Samantha said, then glaring at the other Myrmidon, “I really hate when people cut in line.”
The other Myrmidon, deciding not to fight, put his hands up and backed away. Samantha released the Myrmidon and got back in line only to get an apple, and go walk back to her room.
“Serves you right, trying to pick on her.” An old Myrmidon said to the one with a broken arm.
In her room, Samantha sat down at her desk and phased out a knife to cut up the apple, and feed it to her birds.
“Hungry?” Samantha asked, then, she held out her hand for a node to project files about the mission and began reading some reports, “What do you guys think? Easy, eh?”
There was a knock and beep at the door.
“Come in!” Samantha said.
Peyton stepped in, “Relax, Cpl.,” he said before Samantha could fully get out of her chair, “May I?” he asked, standing next to an empty seat near her.
“Please,” Samantha said, gesturing for Peyton to sit, “How can I help you?” she asked.
“It’s nothing really,” Peyton said, as he sat, “I know it’s a simple mission, but I’d like to get to know my second in command before a mission. A file can only tell you so much,” he pointed, “It didn’t mention anything about birds.”
Samantha looked and chuckled to herself, “You’re right,” she nodded, “I appreciate that.”
“I just need to know that you got my back,” Peyton said, “No matter what, and that you’ll follow my exact orders.”
“Of course, Sgt.,” Samantha replied, “Why wouldn’t I?”
“Just checking,” Peyton said, “I don’t want you second-guessing me.”
“As you say, sir,” Samantha assured.
“Good,” Peyton said, “Tell me a little about yourself.”
Jenny was in her room on her bed, with music playing from an overhead speaker. From a node on her hand, she projected an image of the Omni-web or ‘o-web’ as it was famously called. It was much like our internet today, but this was interstellar. She used her fingers to interact with it and post a picture on a social site typing a message to her friends, before reading some posts and laughing. A messenger on the o-web beeped to let her know she received a message. She answered it to see a message from one of her cousins.
‘Hey Jenny, we’re having a family picnic at the park later 2nte. U coming?’ the message read.
Jenny was disappointed as she typed, ‘Sorry, Can’t. Going on a mission soon. Not sure when I’ll get back.’
‘U can always go AWOL, J/K’ came back the message.
‘Absent without leave,’ Jenny thought, before typing back, ‘Good thing ur joking because I wouldn’t even if it were possible’
A message came back, ‘I know, ur a good soldier.’
Jenny typed back, ‘Damn s8, tell evry1 I said hi.” then, closing the o-web. She went to her desk and phased out her diary to begin writing.
Anthony was in the rec room playing pool alone. He was bored and looked forward to the mission, he needed something to do. After pocketing the last ball, he placed the stick back and looked around for anything to do.
Another Myrmidon approached, “Hey, Anthony.” he said.
“Hi, Darryl,” Anthony said, “What’s up?”
“Not much,” Darryl replied, “Let’s go to a holosuite and practice sniping.”
“Yeah,” Anthony answered, “Should be better than this.”
Anthony followed Darryl into a holosuite; a large, empty, white room with a control console on the side.
“Computer, run simulation Darryl two,” Darryl said.
A complex of burned-out buildings suddenly appeared amongst a vast open field. If Anthony didn’t know better, he’d have thought it was all real, but it was just a simulation, like virtual reality (VR).
There were two sniper rifles nearby. Darryl grabbed both and gave one to Anthony, “Come on. Let’s hurry inside.” Darryl said.
Inside one of the buildings, Darryl explained, “Ok, no suits. Pick a spot and shoot. Don’t worry about ammo, it’s infinite. Move around if you have to.
“What’s the objective?” Anthony asked.
“Obvious,” Darryl answered, as he walked away, “Stay alive and see who gets the highest kill count.”
Anthony went to the top and set up makeshift alarms so he’d know if anyone was coming.
“Anthony, you ready?” Darryl’s voice came, like it was on an intercom, “This is set up like the radios in our suits. Just call my name first if you wanna talk. Don’t worry, the simulations can’t hear or hurt us.”
“Darryl, ready,” Anthony replied.
Simulated enemies of various races with rifles began to swarm the buildings, followed by tanks. Anthony picked the soldiers off as fast as he could. When a soldier was ‘killed’ it digitally dematerialized. It didn’t take long for simulated bullets and explosions to start flying his way. It was hopeless, as enemies swarmed and entered the buildings. One of his alarms went off and before he knew it, he was fighting for his life.
Anthony ran into the next room and killed two soldiers there. His only way out was through a hole in the floor. He dove in, landing on his feet, and dispatched another soldier. He carefully made his way downstairs getting rid of anyone in his way, until he reached the bottom.
Anthony went outside where a tank was waiting for him in the street. Soldiers were making their way down behind him. There was nowhere to go.
“Damn,” Anthony said, as the tank took aim and fired, ending the simulation.
“Beaten at my own game,” Darryl said, walking to Anthony, “Well, that’s a first.”
“Is there a way to take out these tanks?” Anthony asked, “These rifles won’t do.”
Darryl thought for a moment, “I don’t really know,” he answered, “The whole point is to see how long you can last, but I didn’t make a no-win scenario. No one has ever made it this far. Wanna try again and find out?”
“Maybe later,” Anthony said, “I’ve got to go get ready for a mission.”
In the armory, Peyton was busy getting his new suit. 
A man handed it to him, “Here you go - Sgt. Hanson; SRS3, Phase type XIV / WAR variant. Good luck, sir.”
Peyton phased it in then, phased it on to make sure nothing was missing. Each suit was perfectly sealed, so if a part was missing, the suit knew and it would show on the HUD. He went through his inventory using his HUD and phased in extra ammo and MREs (Meal, Ready-to-Eat). When he was ready he stepped into an adjoining room, the teleporter room. Samantha and Jenny were waiting.
Samantha’s suit was mostly on; the only thing missing was her helmet.
Jenny was fully suited and ready to go. She was sitting quietly on a bench in front of a teleporter.
Anthony then walked in with dark clothing on, no suit in sight.
“Where’s your suit, PFC.?” Peyton asked.
“Me?” Anthony said, “Sorry, sir, I thought it was in my file that I’m a beta tester.”
“A what?” Peyton curiously asked.
“Beta tester, sir,” Anthony explained, “I test new suits before they come out. Go ahead shoot me one time with a pistol.”
“Shoot…” Peyton worriedly said.
Jenny suddenly stood, phased out her K14A rifle, and shot Anthony in the back.
Anthony’s shield flared up along with an outline of his suit.
Peyton was surprised.
“Jenny!” Anthony said, turning to her, “I said ‘pistol’. We’re lucky that didn’t go through, and why did you shoot me? I was talking to the Sgt.”
Jenny explained, “One; you’re alive. Two; you didn’t say who could shoot.”
Anthony turned back to Peyton, “Sorry, sir, as I was saying, I’m a beta tester. You all have a type XIV, series 3, or SRS3 generation. I’m wearing a type XV, cuatro, or CTO generation. It’s sorta secret I guess which might explain your surprise. It’ll be available in a few months.”
“So you’re wearing a suit?” Peyton asked.
“Yes, sir,” Anthony said.
Peyton shrugged, “Ok with me, but once we land it’s your ass on the line. I don’t know if I could trust something I can’t see.”
Anthony smiled, “I’ll be fine, sir.”
Amy materialized in the room as David entered.
“We’re entering Zera IV’s orbit in stealth mode. Get ready.” Amy said.
Samantha phased on her helmet, with Peyton, Anthony, and her phasing out their rifles, and all four stepping on a teleporter.
“Ready,” Peyton said to Amy.
David began to countdown, “3…2…1.”
Amy activated the teleporters sending the Horsemen down. It was a terrifying experience to the uninitiated; the planet rushed at you, followed by the sky, and finally the ground. Of course, you didn’t have to see any of that and just close your eyes. The process only took a few seconds. 
They each landed practically at the same time, rifles at the ready.
Taking cover behind a building, Peyton called quietly, “This is Sgt. Hanson. We’re here.”
ALL-OUT ATTACK
“Maj.,” Peyton whispered, “Can you hear me?”
Back on the Unity, Peyton’s voice came in loud and clear.
David stepped onto the bridge, and watched a screen to oversee the mission, “Unity here,” he said, “We hear you, Sgt.,”
“Good, how do you want us to proceed?” Peyton asked.
“Carefully,” David said, “Keep a low profile and do not engage anyone unless absolutely necessary.”
“Sensors indicate incoming ships,” Amy said.
“Who?” Capt. asked. His name was Chris Johns.
“It’s the AFU,” comm. replied, “There’s a big one, Goliath, and she’s telling us to surrender.”
“Sound battle alert,” Johns said.
At about that time Tyrant and her fleet were entering the Sol system.
“Earth is heavily fortified with interplanetary defenses,” Zero said, “We’ll have to get past them first, no fleet in sight except ours.”
“No fleet?” Edict curiously asked.
“No UEC capital ships on sensors,” Zero said, “Unless they’re hiding or we just can’t see them.”
“How should we proceed, sir?” Ledder asked.
“Slowly,” Edict said, “I don’t want to run into a trap. Tell our fighters and long-range bombers to take out their defenses. Prax, lock our long-range weapons on as well. I want to provide some cover for our fighters.”
“Aye, sir.” Ledder and Prax said.
Hundreds of fighters launched from their bays as the long-range bombers and Tyrant took aim and fired.
“What’s the status of the Goliath?” Johns asked, “Tell them our answer is no surrender.”
“Done.” comm. said.
“The Goliath is about as big as the Unity, ships included,” Amy added.
“Goddamn, that’s a big ship,” David said.
“Yeah,” Johns said, “Options?”
“The AFU is on the other side of the Zera IV launching troop transports,” Amy said, “We can engage or…”
“Priority message coming from Earth,” comm. interrupted, “Sounds like they’re under attack by a similar fleet. The UEC is ordering us back immediately to protect Earth.”
Johns thought a moment and then said, “Tell the S.S. Saratoga to undock, hide at one of the poles, and pick up the Horsemen after the mission. Helm, set course for Earth immediately.”
David couldn’t believe what he was hearing, “You can’t be planning to leave our guys down there!” he exclaimed.
“That’s why I’m leaving a destroyer,” Johns said.
“If that destroyer is discovered, it doesn’t stand a chance, especially against the Goliath - let alone an AFU fleet,” David pointed out.
“Earth is more important,” Johns said. He didn’t like the situation, “We have our orders. Helm, are we ready?”
“Yes, Captain,” helm said, “We can go at any time, and the Saratoga is disconnected and moving into position.”
“Engage the graviton drive,” he said, and just like that, they were gone.
“Those are AFU troop transports,” Peyton said, watching them fly overhead.
“Why would they be here?” Jenny asked.
Just then, they all received an incoming message and accessed it. An image of a woman popped up on their visors, “This is Capt. Ford of the S.S Saratoga,” she calmly said, “The AFU is attacking for some reason. The S.S Unity had to leave to protect Earth. We’ll send the shuttle. I’ve had to update your mission - find out why the AFU is landing on Zera IV and why they’re attacking Earth. If you can see the troop transports I suggest following them. Capt. Ford, signing off.”
“Never mind,” Jenny added.
“Well,” Peyton said, “Let’s follow.” Unable to believe how fast his luck changed. His mission went from a simple pickup to a dangerous recon one.
“At least they’re going the same direction we were,” Samantha said.
Peyton wasn’t sure if that was a good or bad thing. He and the others moved as fast they could. Every time he saw Anthony he wondered, ‘Why isn’t he wearing a suit?’ before remembering the fact that Anthony was a beta tester and wearing an invisible suit.
“Get down,” Samantha whispered, seeing one of the locals come outside.
“Get down,” Peyton repeated, as he and the others did just that.
It was a female Zeran going outside to get the laundry. Zerans had a small, pointed, spiraling horn projecting from their forehead and legs that seemed to bend backward at the knee compared to humans. She never noticed the Horsemen hiding in the dark. She was gone after a short while, and they moved on.
On the Unity, Johns pondered his next move. He went by a large projection that showed the Earth and its defense’s positions as well as the AFU’s. “Maj., any ideas?” he asked.
David shrugged, “I’m just wondering what I’m going to say to Peyton’s wife, Elizabeth. It was supposed to be a simple mission. Now it's FUBAR!” (F***ed Up Beyond All Recognition) he said, looking at the projection then, walking towards it, “We have home-field advantage. My suggestion is to fully separate the Unity when we arrive and use a Delta formation to, hopefully, draw them in.”
“Also,” Amy said, “Unity is the only thing that might be able to take on that behemoth one-to-one.”
“Delta formation,” Johns said, thinking about it, “Sounds like our best chance, but we’re going to have to turn off some the defenses.”
“It’s only temporary,” David assured, “We can activate them again once we draw them in.”
Johns gave David a dreaded look and said, “You know this is gonna come down to the nitty-gritty - boarding parties and fighting that’s up-close and personal.”
David looked at Johns and whispered, “Even if we win this one, there’s no way we can hold out against the known Universe.”
“Let’s assume for a moment there’s a rational reason the AFU is attacking,” Johns said, “Maybe we can talk to them?”
“You can try,” Amy said, “However, they seem to have already made up their minds with fleets that size.”
“Any reason why they would attack?” David asked.
Amy closed her eyes for a moment, “Searching. Found,” she said. “They're afraid of a prophecy.”
The Unity arrived in the Sol system with Earth’s defenses taking a beating.
Johns tapped his communicator and ordered, “All hands - battle stations!”
“I guess I better get to the Tiberius,” David said, running off the bridge.
“Comm.,” Johns called, “Wait five minutes. Then order the ships to disconnect.”
“Aye, sir.” comm. said.
David stepped off a tram and walked through the airlock. He went straight to his office and sat down to look over tactics. After a few minutes, there was a beep and knock at his door.
“Come,” David said.
A man with a white jumpsuit on and nodes came in, “Maj., my name is Professor Gerry. We have some minor upgrades for you and your men,” he said, “Would you like to come to the lab and see them?”
David nodded, “Something tells me no matter how minor it is. We’ll need it for this war.” he said, getting up to follow Professor (Prof.) Gerry back to the lab.
A male voice then came over the loudspeakers, “This is Capt. Jenneson of the Tiberius, we’ve been ordered to orbit Earth and protect her from there. All ground troops, be on standby. Jenneson, out.”
“We have to hit the ground soon,” David said. “Be fast.”
The fleet disconnected from the Unity and moved into position.
“Sir,” Zero called, “The UEC is approaching and the defenses have gone silent. Their long-range ships are engaging ours.”
“We can’t stay here,” Prax said, “We’ll have to close in to narrow the gap. Then, we can fire our main weapons.”
“I want a view of our positions, Edict said, “Ledder, keep telling them to surrender.”
“Aye, sir,” Ledder said, “Bringing up battle map on imager now.”
Edict studied the imager for several seconds, “If we move in we’ll be surrounded, but I don’t see another way. We’ll have to go through. Tell our ships to concentrate their energy into shields and speed. Order all fighter wings to concentrate on the defenses and provide cover.”
 At Zera IV’s northern pole, the Saratoga stayed hidden thanks to all of the electromagnetic interference. Capt. Ford thought of a how to help the Horsemen, “Ops, what’s the fastest shuttle we have onboard?” she asked.
“We have a Magellan II.” ops answered.
“Tactical,” Ford called, “Can we modify our mines to take out Goliath’s engines? I don’t want to worry about her. It’s only a matter of time before we’re discovered.”
“She’d have to light them up and come after us,” tactical said, “Heat trackers. Easy, I can make it so that when they go in and detonate, the rest will automatically follow.”
“Helm,” Ford called. “Can we hide in the rings?”
“Sure,” helm nodded, “There’s enough interference - we just need to get there.”
“Ok,” Ford said, “Here’s what we’re going to do. First, we need to modify those mines. Second, we’re going to deploy a Magellan II with our best pilot. Third, we make what appears to be an attack run on Goliath. Then, we run like there’s no tomorrow and hide in those rings; hopefully, the Goliath comes after us.”
After a few minutes and some button touches, tactical looked at Ford, “Mines are ready, Capt.” tactical said.
“Comm., tell the Magellan and take off,” Ford said, “He is to pick up the Horsemen when they’re ready and meet us in the rings so we can get out of here. Helm, use evasive maneuvers to close the distance between us and Goliath. Tactical, fire our apocalypse and kinetic cannons when we’re in range. When and if Goliath chases us, we’ll increase speed and drop the mines. Everyone cross your fingers this works.”
“The mines will be on a three-second delay,” tactical said, “This way they won’t track our engines, and they won’t be detected until it’s too late.”
“Magellan is away.” ops reported.
“Let’s do this,” Ford said, “Helm, head for the ring nearest to the Goliath. I want to get close but not too close. That ship will tear us apart if we try to match blows. Tactical, fire when ready.”
“We’ll be in range in just under two minutes,” tactical said, “Fighters incoming.”
“Engage with AFT’s and Flak,” Ford said, “Whatever you do. Don’t stop. Keep going forward.”
The Saratoga fired at the fighters in what looked like a suicidal run towards the Goliath.
“Capt.,” tactical called, “Goliath is moving towards us and we haven’t fired a shot at her yet.”
“Looks like they got something to prove,” Ford said, “Tactical, stick to the plan and make it look good. Helm?”
“So far so good, Capt.,” helm said, “I’m aiming for the ring while getting closer and closer to Goliath.”
“Firing now,” tactical said.
The Saratoga fired its apocalypse and kinetic cannons. Only one of the apocalypse and two kinetic blasts hit. Goliath retaliated by firing her forward gamma cannon. The Saratoga and her crew shook from the impact.
“Shields at twenty percent,” tactical said, “Another hit like that and we’re finished!”
“I think it’s safe to say she’s angry,” helm said, “Goliath is definitely coming for us! The other ships are hanging back.”
Ford tapped her communicator, “Engineering, this is Capt. Ford. Increase power to engines and shields as much as possible.” she said.
“Right away, Capt.!” engineering replied.
“Helm,” Ford called, “Head for the rings as fast as you can. Tactical, can we drop the mines?”
“On your command.” tactical said.
“Drop 'em,” Ford ordered.
The Saratoga released dozens upon dozens of mines. As the Goliath passed, the heat from her engines drew the mines in and detonated.
“Goliath is slowing down.” helm said.
“The mines are detonating inside the engines.” tactical reported.
Ford sat down and breathed a sigh of relief, “It worked,” she said, “Get us to those rings as soon as possible. Now, we wait for the Magellan.”
There was fierce fighting between the UEC and AFU near Earth.
“Let’s try to make this quick,” David said.
“Then let me show you two of them?” Gerry asked.
David nodded, to which Gerry eagerly moved to grab a Myrmidon glove.
“Let me show you this first,” Gerry said, as he put the glove on, “Don’t you hate it when you drop your weapon or something is out of reach?”
David again nodded.
Gerry extended his hand to a tool on his desk and caused it to fly into his Myrmidon glove from several feet away. He couldn’t help but smile, “See?” he asked, “It turns you into a Jedi by locking onto an object’s molecules and attracting it.”
“That’s pretty impressive,” David said, “Will it work on biologics?”
Gerry shook his head, “Sorry, only inanimate objects of limited range and size. Here, put it on.”
“Nice,” David said, taking the glove. He closed his eyes briefly and activated his nodes before putting the glove on.
“You might like the next one,” Gerry said, stepping next to a doorway, “Please, step in.”
“Ok,” David said, walking into a big, empty, circular room with Myrmidon boots in the middle, “Now what?”
The door behind David slid close. There was no other way in or out.
“Now you float,” Gerry said, his voice coming through speakers, and true to his word David began floating, “Welcome to our zero-g room. It’s not simulated like a holoroom. You’re actually floating. See the boots? You can’t get them, can you? Use the glove to grab them and put them on.”
No matter what David did, he stayed in place. It wasn’t until he used the glove that he got the boots. He quickly put them on and found himself standing on the ceiling.
“Good,” Gerry said, “They connected to your nodes. Like the glove, use your neural interlink to thrust yourself upright and go to the door. I’ll meet you there. All this stuff is slated to come with the X5 generation, but we can retrofit these into the current generation”
It took several tries but David quickly got the hang of it. The boots used mini thrusters for zero-g movement. He eventually found himself at the door. Just before gravity could be restored, the ship violently shook. David was thrown back and hit his head on the surface of the room, knocking him unconscious.
“Direct hit with the gamma and xenon cannons,” Prax said, “She’s adrift.”
“Adm.,” Ledder called, “We are getting a distress message from Goliath. She too is adrift from a UEC destroyer. Her engines are out and she is requesting our help and spare parts.”
Edict leaned back and wondered, ‘How can a lone destroyer disable the Goliath. What if we fall to the same fate?’, “QM.,” he called, “Set course for the Goliath. Order the rest of the fleet to press on.”
“Sir, we’re leaving the battle?” Prax asked.
“It’s only temporary,” Edict said, “We’ll be back. QM., engage the graviton drive.”
RESCUE
On Zera IV, going up on a grassy hill, the Horsemen fell to the ground to take cover.
Anthony nudged Jenny and phased off his helmet, “Hey Jenny, something I never asked you before - you became a lethal Myrmidon and a medic of all things. Explain that.” he said.
Jenny phased her helmet off, “Only choice,” she answered, “My family was poor. Growing up I always wanted to be a medical dr. Joining the UEC and becoming a Myrmidon was my ticket out of my previous situation, or life if that’s what you want to call it. I’ve been trained to help all life, but I can get down and dirty if I have to.”
Peyton crawled with Samantha to see over the hill.
“How about you?” Jenny asked Anthony.
“Easy,” Anthony said, “Kill people and blow crap up. I ain’t gonna lie; I had it ok growing up.”
Peyton and Samantha peeked over; right on the other side of the hill the troop transports were landing, many soldiers were busy with the makeshift constructions of buildings and rounding up civilians.
“What’s going on here?” Samantha asked.
Peyton replied, “Seems as if they’re putting up some sort of prison camp. They take them from places, like the town behind us, and bring them here.”
“We can easily bypass this place,” Samantha said, “The signal is just due North of here. Besides, Maj. said not to engage anyone.”
“Unless absolutely necessary,” Peyton said, “I’m not leaving prisoners down there. We’re going to take this place out, call the others.”
Samantha hissed at Jenny and Anthony, “You two,” she quietly said, “Get your helmets on and get up here.”
Jenny and Anthony did as they were instructed.
Peyton nodded towards the camp, “Take a look,” he said, “We’re going to take it out. Anthony, we’ll go forward, disposing of anyone in our way. It’s mostly Rho’s and a few other races. Anthony, we’ll make a ‘U’ shaped pattern, doubling back here.  Set charges to level this place.”
“That’ll make a pretty big boom,” Anthony said.
“Yes,” Peyton answered, “Hopefully it’ll keep them busy for a while. Sam, you and Jenny go for the prisoners and free them. Everyone, remember this is the rendezvous point. Ready, let’s move out.”
In the dark and from behind the buildings, the Horsemen snuck up on the camp easily. Their helmets’ had night vision. The AFU soldiers had them as well, but they were either complacent, or some of the races that already had it as a natural ability weren’t looking for anything suspicious.
Peyton and Anthony came across a guard patrolling a small building. Their scanners revealed it to be empty of people, but full of equipment. Samantha and Jenny followed closely, inspecting the other structures.
“Ammo you think?” Anthony whispered.
Anthony’s voice came in normal-sounding and crystal clear in Peyton’s helmet, “Maybe,” Peyton answered, “It’s important enough to guard.”
When the guard came around again Peyton grabbed him from behind, snapped his neck, and dragged the body into the shadows.
Anthony was a little surprised by Peyton’s brutality and efficiency. He wasn’t about to stop and ask questions, he did as Peyton had instructed and placed the charges.
“I can see the next one has the prisoners,” Samantha said.
There was a sizable gap between the buildings. The Horsemen carefully moved between them, one by one to avoid being seen.
At the next building, all of them could see the heat signatures inside. Jenny could tell where a small hole needed to be cut. Peyton took down another guard and moved on with Anthony after he set the bombs. Jenny phased out her star lance and quickly slashed a hole in the wall big enough to crawl through and went in.
The star lance was a melee energy weapon that hung on by the forearm with an energy blade that extended one foot from the wrist and could cut through just about anything.
“Humans!” a prisoner said.
 “We’re here to get everyone out,” Jenny said.
Another prisoner, a female, approached, “Did the Dr. send you?” she asked.
“Sayyad?” Jenny asked, “Sorry, we haven’t talked to her yet. Do you know where she’s at?”
“Yes,” the prisoner said, “She should be hiding at the temple North of here.”
“Why is the AFU rounding you guys up?” Jenny asked.
Another prisoner replied, “They’re getting anyone they think is a human sympathizer. Without me, my business is finished.”
“Human sympathizer,” Jenny curiously said, “Crawl through this hole. There’s another human on the other side. Follow her; we’ll get you out of here.”
As the prisoners went through the hole there was a sound at the door. The prisoners quickly turned and formed a line to hide the hole and Jenny. A soldier stepped in.
“What’s going on here?” the soldier asked, walking towards the prisoners.
With no prisoners coming out, Samantha looked at the signatures in the building to get an idea of what was going on, “Jenny, if you can hear me, it’s only one soldier, a Rho,” she said, “Wait till he’s close. Then, take him out.”
The soldier stood next to the group and asked, “Come on. What are you doing? Let’s break it up.”
No one talked or moved. They were too scared.
With no one doing anything, the soldier asked, “What are you hiding back there?” forcing his way through with his hands. When he uncovered Jenny, he was caught completely by surprise.
Jenny quickly phased out her star lance while leaping towards the soldier and not giving him time to react before plunging the blade into his chest and covering his mouth.
The Rho only struggled for a few seconds before passing away.
Jenny stood and had the others exit through the hole. She phased out a cauterizing surgical tool for its quietness and shot the door panel to cause a jam.
“Are you ok?” Samantha asked as Jenny exited.
“Good as can be I suppose,” Jenny answered, “That was close.”
“Let’s get these people out of here,” Samantha said, “Cover the rear. I’ll take point.”
“You got it,” Jenny said.
Peyton and Anthony were a little further ahead taking out patrols and setting explosives.
“Two ahead,” Peyton said, “Ready?”
Anthony nodded. Both of them moved into positions to hide. When the soldiers came around they no idea of what lay in the shadows. At the same time, Peyton and Anthony phased out their star lances and took them out.
Anthony placed more charges.
“Let’s get out of here,” Peyton said. He and Anthony made their way back to the rendezvous point where they met up with Samantha and Jenny.
“Hey you human sympathizers,” Peyton jokingly said to the women, “How are the prisoners?”
“We got them out,” Samantha said, “They’re scattering and going home as we speak.”
“How are you holding up?” Peyton asked Jenny.
“Huh,” Jenny curiously said, then remembering that he and Anthony heard everything through their helmets, “Oh, I’m fine, sir. Thanks for asking.”
“Anthony,” Peyton called, “Ready?”
“Ready,” Anthony said, phasing out the detonator and holding it out to Peyton, “Care to do the honor?”
“Why thank you,” Peyton said, grabbing the detonator and setting off the charges.
The camp erupted with explosions. Soldiers tried running and troop transports could do nothing but hover and watch. Debris flew everywhere, but the Horsemen were at a safe distance where they witnessed the camp go up in a spectacular show of flames.
After a powerful explosion that leveled the camp, Peyton asked, “North right?”
TO RUIN
The Horsemen now found themselves in a jungle; among scattered ruins as they closed in on the signal.
“Keep your eyes on your scanners,” Peyton said, as he tread lightly, “The enemy can be anywhere.” By scanners, he was referring to the ones in the helmet displayed on the HUD. He led the way with Samantha right behind him, then Jenny. Anthony covered the rear.
“So, have you ever been on a mission like this, sir?” Samantha asked.
Peyton replied as he went forward, “You mean one that was supposed to be simple and once dropped off turned into a cluster…shh, everyone, get down.” he said, seeing a blip on his radar. 
They all huddled near one of the ruins a little closer to the signal. The closer they got, the more blips on their radars.
“There’s the temple,” Samantha said, “I also see an entry point.”
The temple was enormous and triangular, like the Great Pyramid, but this one had decoration to it. There were pathways lined with statues and multiple entrances with glyphs around them. 
“There’s a little field next to it,” Anthony said. “Why couldn’t we beam there?”
“Too small and trees,” Peyton said,” We’ll have to do some clearing for the shuttle. That’s our extraction point. Mark it. Sam, how many guards?”
Samantha checked again to be sure, “I see two guards and a few patrols.”
“That’s our best bet,” Peyton said, taking a look, “They probably already know what we did at that camp, so they’ll be on the lookout.”
“Then we’re going to blast our way in?” Anthony asked.
Peyton shook his head, “No way. It’s still dark. Let’s do this quietly. Jenny, you come with me. Sam, take Anthony. We’ll each take the sides, working our way up to the nearest entrance. Whoever gets there first, don’t hesitate to waste the guards. Move out.”
“Hold on,” Anthony said, “I think…yup, I see a sniper. Sniper spotted.”
“Damn,” Peyton said, “This changes things. Anymore?”
“Checking,” Anthony answered. With the visor, he went through several modes of vision. One, called acutance, colored everything in its natural color brightly with very little light, so it didn’t matter if it was dark - it was just as good, maybe better than seeing in the daylight. Anthony marked the sniper and moved on. Marking something was like tagging and saving its location for later, like a waypoint. He didn’t find any more after looking in several spots, “Just the one in the trees near the entrance.”
“Can you take him out?” Peyton asked.
“Yes, sir,” Anthony replied, “My gun is quite enough, but I’m sure they’re checking in every so often. I don’t think we’ve been spotted.”
“We’ll need to make this quick then,” Peyton said, “Same plan as before, but this time we go the second Anthony takes out that sniper.”
Samantha and Jenny responded with a, “Yes, sir.”
“Oh, and the short answer to your question is “No”, Peyton said looking at Samantha, as Anthony phased out his sniper rifle and lined up a shot. Instead of a scope, the visor could be used. It had a better zoom and was accurate.
“What?” Samantha curiously asked as Anthony took out the sniper.
Peyton signaled everyone to go and said, “You asked me if I’d ever been on a mission like this.”
Even though they whispered, the patrols couldn’t hear them through the helmets. The last thing they heard was a star lance piercing their armor.
Samantha was in disbelief, “Sir, I don’t think…” she was saying as she took a guard down.
Peyton interrupted, “This ‘sir’ thing can go. When I’m in cover or giving an order,” he took another guard down, “You can call me ‘Your Highness’ for all I care. On the field, it’s just ‘Peyton’. All of you.”
Samantha snuck up on another guard and took him down, “Yes, si…I mean Peyton.”
“Sam,” Peyton said, creeping along a building, “You’ve got the entrance. We’ve got a little command center here with three guys sitting, I can see them with my HUD. Jenny and I are going to take it out.”
Anthony studied the building for a few seconds, “It’s just a ruin,” he said, “I can place a charge and take them all out. The building itself doesn’t look that big, mostly runs underground.”
Peyton shook his head, “No,” he said, “‘Quietly’ remember? Plus, you’re too far, we don’t know how old this place is, or the significance We’ll go around to the entrance and rush them.”
Samantha and Anthony snuck up on the entrance. Peyton and Jenny went around to an opening.
“Ready,” Peyton said, “Go.”
Both ran inside. Jenny followed Peyton. Peyton easily took out the first soldier he came across while Jenny went after the second. The last soldier barely got to his feet before Peyton got to him.
“Ready,” Samantha asked Anthony, “I’ll go for the far one; you get the one right here.”
“Got it,” Anthony said.
“Ok, go,” Samantha said, running past the first, surprising both guards.
Anthony emerged and did his bit. Samantha took down the second guard with a little wrestling.
“Samantha to Peyton, entrance is secure,” she said, moving inside the temple with Anthony.
“Copy that. Jenny, watch the entrance,” Peyton replied. The dead soldier at his feet had been writing something. Peyton picked it up and had his HUD translate it. After he read it, he dropped the paper and moved out, “Jenny, let’s join Sam and Anthony.”
Both ran inside the temple. There were lights already set up by the excavation, even if there wasn’t; the Horsemen still had their visors to see in pitch black.
“Any idea why the AFU would want to kill us,” Peyton asked, “That dead soldier had standing orders to exterminate any human on sight.”
“We did destroy that camp,” Jenny said.
“Territory,” Samantha suggested, “or a disease we carry they can’t cure. They refuse any of our attempts to join their council. As far as I know, they’ve never given us a clear reason.”
“Maybe we’re just awesome,” Anthony said.
Peyton shook his head, “No, it can’t be because of that camp. We already saw troop transports by the time we got here, and it doesn’t really jive with being a human sympathizer. If it was territory, why not negotiate. It would be a lot easier than going to war with us. There’s been too much contact between humans and aliens for it to be a disease; we would have heard something by now. Anthony, shut up.”
Samantha thought for a moment, “I can’t really think of a good reason.”
“Maybe the Dr. knows,” Jenny said.
“Agreed,” Peyton said, “As much as I hate to do this, we need to seal this entrance, make it hard for them to follow. We’re not going back through here anyway. Everyone, phase out your rifles. Concentrate just above the doorway.
The Horsemen phased out their rifles and open fired on the doorway. It seemed slow going at first, but the temple wall couldn’t hold up to the sustained fire and came crashing down in a heap of rubble that blocked the doorway.
“Good,” Peyton said “Ceasefire. Anthony, put a few charges around the entrance for a booby-trap.”
“On it, sir,” Anthony said.
“So Sam,” Peyton called, “Why were you asking?”
“I didn’t say anything,” Samantha said.
“Yes you did,” Peyton snapped back, “You asked if I’d ever been on a mission like this. Why do you ask?”
Samantha was dumbfounded, “Si…Peyton, that was…I was asking because of my background. You know I’ve previously been on extraction missions. You didn’t mention it, and it doesn’t show on your file. I figured it might have been classified so I was just asking because I was curious. No big deal, just making small talk.”
Samantha didn’t get it. Peyton didn’t care about the question; in fact, he couldn’t care less. He was just trying to put everyone’s mind at ease and not worry about the situation. It seemed to work as Samantha wondered about Peyton’s curiosity and Jenny and Anthony looked at one another and shrugged.
“Sam,” Peyton called, “Take point. Anthony, cover the rear.”
The Horsemen cautiously made their way through a passageway. The whole mission reminded Samantha of a previous one.
FAMINE
In the year 2990; Polaris VI, an arctic planet with a perpetual snowstorm of varying degrees was the site of a recruiting center. In the middle of nowhere was an inn. The place had other aliens lounging around. Samantha, wearing a thick snow uniform with gloves, a hood, and a Venetian plague doctor’s mask to hide her appearance, sat at a small table, waiting.
At the bar, a bad scuffle broke out between two aliens where one ended up getting shot.
Another person stepped in from outside; also wearing the same getup as Samantha. The weather outside was obvious as they were almost completely covered in snow. Everyone looked to see who it was, but no one could tell and went about their business. This mystery person shook off some of the snow and sat next to Samantha, “Beautiful day out.” a male voice said through the mask.
“Earth is nicer,” Samantha replied.
Now that the code words had been said, the mission could begin.
“Pvt.” the male said.
Samantha looked at him and nodded, “LT.”
“Did you get a room?” the LT. asked.
“Sure did,” Samantha responded.
“Good,” the LT. said “Let’s head there so we can talk. You lead the way.”
As they both got up, a red muscular alien stumbled grabbed onto the LT. He’d been drinking and was drunk. The alien pulled at the LT.’s clothing and mask, threatening to reveal him, to right himself up, “Excuse me,” the alien said, “You ever been to Bruha III? Brutal, ain’t it?”
The LT. kept his composure, helping the guy stand, and replied, “Sorry, can’t say I’ve been there.”
Another red alien quickly came to help, “Sorry about that,” he said, grabbing hold of the other alien to take him away, “I got him.”
The LT. looked at Samantha, “We’d better go.” he said.
Samantha led the way up a flight of stairs and into the room. She and the LT. removed their masks, “That was close,” the LT. said, revealing himself with short brown hair and eyes, “Call me Matt or Matthew. I got our passes to Polaris Station up in orbit. All intel says the objectives are up there.”
“Do we know the exact location,” Samantha asked, “Or do we have to look?”
Matt shook his head, “Hate to say - we’ll have to do some hunting,” he said, “They’ll likely be close to Tini.”
“So we’ll have to deal with him?” Samantha asked.
“Maybe,” Matt said, “These passes will get us on the transport to the station.”
“I assume you already have a getaway plan,” Samantha said, “Suicide missions don’t agree with me.”
“Shuttle,” Matt said, “Station should have a few. We’ll just board one and off we go.”
Samantha threw her head back, “‘Should’?” she cried out, “I thought this mission was planned? Didn’t intel do their homework?”
“I guess they did their best,” Matt said, “It gets better - once we’re on the station we pretty much make up the rest as we go.”
“You’ve got to be kidding me,” Samantha said, “I was told there would be a team, backup, an extraction method, a plan.”
“Plans changed,” Matt said, “Too many people might get noticed, so it’s just us. We’re almost alone, no backup. Extraction via shuttle is better than nothing. Just act like a mercenary and you’ll be fine.”
“Ok,” Samantha said, “How does a merc act?”
Matt thought for a second, “I suppose you put money above all else,” he said, “Did you register for the job?”
“I was going to do that just before we left,” Samantha answered.
“Transport will be here soon,” Matt said, “Go register us for escort duty. Put false names and a decent amount to increase our chances of being picked.”
Samantha and Matt put their masks on.
“Come right back,” Matt ordered.
“Yes, sir,” Samantha acknowledged, before leaving the room. “I can’t believe this,” she said to herself. As she went down the stairway, she noticed more people at the inn.
Outside, a ship landed near the inn. Out stepped Dmon, a Geoden. Like any Geoden, he looked like a bioluminescent, crystalized humanoid. Their features were very angular and each Geoden glowed softly depending on their mood. Some could transform at will into a creature the size of an elephant that moved like a bear and looked like a wolf with crystals protruding from its body.
Dmon stepped inside the inn as Samantha was finishing registration, “You,” he said, pointing at Samantha, “Give me that list.”
Samantha didn’t know what to do at first. She hesitated, looking around, confused. ‘Me?’ she thought, pointing at herself.
“Yeah you,” Dmon said.
Samantha grabbed the registration list and handed it over to Dmon.
“I’ve never seen your kind before,” Dmon said, “What’s your name?”
“Me,” Samantha responded, “My name is, um, ‘Birdy’.”
“Well, Birdy, what planet you from?” Dmon asked.
Samantha had to think of this one, as she made it up, “Uh, Storky.” she said. She wasn’t expecting to answer questions.
“It says you have experience with escort duty,” Dmon said, as he studied the list, “Any good?”
“I haven’t disappointed anyone yet,” Samantha said, “I’ll put down any opposition.”
Dmon studied Samantha for a bit.
“Don’t pick her,” an alien said, pushing past Samantha, and pointing to himself, “Go with a race you know.” Samantha grabbed him in a chokehold and put him to sleep.
As Samantha turned and dropped her victim, another alien pulled a gun and pointed it at her. The gun was quickly shot out of his hand from the balcony by Matt.
“Next,” Matt said.
Dmon’s demeanor was calm, “Impressive,” he said, “I was interested in just you, but two as you put down, is kinda expensive for me.”
“Wait!” Samantha said, as Matt came down the stairs and stood next to her, “My partner and I work as a team. If it’s too expensive, we’ll cut you a deal.”
Dmon looked at the list and scratched his head, “Let’s see, you and…”
“Birdo,” Samantha said, placing a hand on Matt’s shoulder, “You can hire us for three-quarters the price of one. We’ll work our way up from there.”
“I can hire you both for the price of less than one?” Dmon asked, “Understand that if I hire you, it’ll be for me. You’ll be my personal escorts.”
“We know,” Matt said, “You’re Capt. Dmon, Tini’s personal bodyguard.”
“If you play your cards right,” Dmon said, “You’ll be doing the guarding.”
“Like I said,” Samantha chuckled, “We’re willing to work for it,” She bowed down to Dmon, “I must say - it is quite an honor to meet you.”
“I like your attitude and price,” Dmon said, “Head for the transport, you’re hired. On second thought, since you’re hired. Start escorting me.”
“As you say, Capt.,” Samantha said. Matt, her, and several others boarded the transport when Dmon was done and heading back to the station.
Samantha and Matt sat together alone away from everyone else.
“Birdo?” Matt asked, “How did you even come up with that?”
“I don’t know,” Samantha answered, “I had to make it all up. If anyone asks, my name is Birdy, we’re brother and sister, and we’re from the planet Storky.”
Matt sighed, “I was…ah forget it. I’m surprised you got away with it. Good thing we’re dealing with aliens,” he chuckled to himself, “I wonder what it sounded like on the translator.”
“Yeah,” Samantha said, “Good thing they’re none the wiser. What’s the plan when we’re at the station?"
“We break away from Dmon first chance we get,” Matt said, “Locate and get the targets. Then, get off the station any way we can.”
GEODEN
At Polaris, Samantha and Matt stepped off onto the bay and the first thing they did was look around at the half-dozen or so shuttles.
“This way,” Dmon said.
The station was very large, but old, and held together with retrofitted parts.
“Let me show you to your quarters,” Dmon said.
After going through some corridors, they came to what could only be described as a street; with lights and a transit system just above head.
“It’s like a city,” Samantha whispered to Matt.
“There're some major gangs here,” Dmon said, standing next to a symbol painted on a building, “See this? It’s a sign. This is our territory. Each territory has its own facilities and can be self-sustaining.”
“So are we a gang or what?” Matt asked.
“Some call us terrorists,” Dmon said, as he walked, “Tini runs this place. We’re part of the Nebula Boys, the biggest gang on Polaris Station.”
“We work with rival gangs?” Matt asked.
Samantha immediately grabbed his arm and said, “Um, Birdo?”
“Sure,” Dmon said, walking into a housing facility, “I should’ve explained all this before. We work for Tini; he gives us jobs and pays well. So, technically we work for him. The gangs run themselves and can come and go, but if Tini calls, they have to answer.”
“When do we meet Tini?” Samantha asked.
“Few hours,” Dmon said, standing in front of a door that automatically slid open, “Here we are, your room. Get comfy, Tini’s having a meeting soon. I’ll come get ya. In the meantime, you can do what you want, just don’t cause trouble.”
Samantha and Matt watched Dmon walk away until they were alone. The room was small, quaint, and only for one person.
“Good thing we’re not staying,” Matt said, “I hate sleeping on the couch.”
“So now what?” Samantha asked.
“The targets had tracking devices implanted long ago,” Matt said, phasing on his helmet and studying the map on it, “We just follow the signal, and bingo, two hundred yards beneath us. Let me transfer the map to you.”
Samantha looked at the map, “It’s not too far from the shuttle bay.” she said.
“This way,” Matt said.
As they crossed the station, they came across a multitude of stores and clubs. People were just mingling and going about their business. Eventually, Samantha and Matt found themselves alone in a plain empty room that seemed to be a place of gathering.
Matt studied the map, “Just a bit further.” he said.
Samantha and Matt phased out their weapons and approached cautiously. Matt was armed with his rifle, Samantha had her shotgun.
The shotgun, as Samantha had it, was loaded with twenty-four flechette rounds. Each round could be fired six times, which meant the gun had to be pumped every six times and reloaded every twenty-fourth round.
They came to a large door that Samantha easily hacked for it to slide open and reveal another room. This one was large, like an auditorium under construction set up in a gymnasium. There was a balcony, chairs, a podium, construction pieces, and makeshift wooden planks strewn about. Behind the podium was a blue plastic cage with breathing holes. The cage was about 3x3x3 feet.
Matt looked at his map and then pointed at the cage, “Right there.” he said. Both hurried to the cage and Samantha hacked it open.
Inside the cage were two small children, a boy, and a girl; both alive and trying to keep quiet.
“Come with us,” Samantha said, “We’re here to take you home.”
“You’ll be ok,” Matt assured.
Both children stepped out and looked around before grabbing onto Samantha.
“You’re early,” said a voice from across the room. It was Tini, also a Geoden, “What are you doing with them? I was just coming to do a check-up.”
Samantha and Matt aimed their weapons.
“We’re taking these kids home,” Samantha said.
Tini made the slightest of gestures.
“Don’t even think about it!” Matt said.
“I’m a businessman,” Tini said, “You can have the kids if you brought my money.”
“We’re from the UEC,” Samantha said, “These are an important diplomat’s kids and their family wants them back.”
“We don’t have to pay you anything,” Matt said, “They’re coming with us.”
Tini began to glow from blue to red, “I’m afraid I can’t let you take the kids,” he said, “Unless you surrender, I can’t let you two live.”
Tini used both hands to throw two chairs at Samantha and Matt distracting them for a brief moment while he ducked. It only took a few seconds for him to transform and go after them.
“Run!” Samantha yelled.
Both kids, unsure of what to do, ran with Matt as he and Samantha took off in opposite directions.
Tini barreled through the podium as if it wasn’t even there.
Samantha and Matt fired round after round with no effect. Tini, in his transformed state, was immune to their gunfire which was just like bug bites to him.
Samantha and Matt quickly disposed of their disguises and phased their suits on just in time before Tini swiped at Samantha and knocked her across the room into several chairs.
Tini was about to go after Matt until Samantha quickly got back up and distracted him with more gunfire. He went through the shots like nothing and again swatted her across the room.
Samantha was lucky to have her suit, otherwise, she’d be dead. The suit was taking all of the abuse and helping her move.
“Stay back!” Matt said to the kids, as he took cover behind what little was left of the podium next to some construction parts, and firing.
Samantha shuffled back quickly behind some stands to put anything between her and Tini.
The kids found a vent nearby and pulled the grate open. One crawled just inside while the other went to get Matt’s attention.
“We should’ve brought bigger guns,” Samantha said over the radio, as she made her way behind the stands, “The ones we have aren’t powerful enough.”
Tini smashed one end of the stands closed, leaving Samantha only one way out. Tini then turned to Matt and began lumbering towards him.
Matt could feel one of the kids knocking on his shoulder. He turned, “I thought I…,” he said, before noticing the kid pointing to the vent. After inspecting the vent he looked over to see where Tini was, “Samantha, if you can hear me, you’re in the clear. Tini is about halfway across, heading my way. There’s a vent where I’m at, I need you to get here.”
Samantha came out of the stands, running along the wall and shooting.
Tini took notice and charged Samantha. Maybe it was the power of the shotgun or the fact she was out in the open. He couldn’t ignore her any longer.
Samantha jumped to the side at the last moment, causing Tini to smash into the wall and daze himself. She wasted no time running for the vent, as shooting was pointless.
“Let me get in front,” Matt said to the kids, “Stay between us. Samantha, watch our asses.”
Samantha arrived as the second kid entered the vent. She noticed Tini getting his bearings. Before entering the vent herself, she phased out a grenade, armed, and tossed it at him.
The grenade exploded, but it did little against Tini. He leaped through the flames towards Samantha, who had already entered the vent. Too big to follow in his current form, Tini jammed his paw into the vent.
Samantha desperately kicked away at Tini’s paw as she crawled away. Tini was awfully close. Eventually, Samantha got just far away enough. The vent was big enough for her to move fast in a hunched position.
Matt came to a stop, “Samantha, you ok?” he asked.
“I’m doing ok,” Samantha replied, “Why are we stopped?”
“Just a second,” Matt said, phasing out a small, floating, spherical probe that took off fast, “Hopefully that probe will find a way out in a few seconds.” A map formed on Matt’s HUD as the probe went.
“We definitely can’t go back,” Samantha said, “We’d have to go through the station and deal with Tini.”
“There!” Matt said, “Not far at all. The probe found an exit to what looks like another bay. “This way, hurry.” He led the way and easily pushed open the grate leading to a shuttle bay.
Matt quickly picked a shuttle and boarded it with the kids.
Samantha crawled out of the vent and ran for the shuttle only to be stopped by Dmon, who was hiding behind some cargo crates.
“Leaving so soon?” Dmon asked, with a sniper rifle pointed at Samantha’s head at point-blank range.
“Dmon,” Samantha said, putting up her hands, “It’s me, ‘Birdy’. C’mon, you don’t want to do this.”
Matt emerged from the shuttle pointing his rifle at Dmon.
“Birdy?” Dmon said, “To think I was going to invite you and your friend over for dinner. I just called Tini. He’s on his way with reinforcements.”
“Let me go,” Samantha said, “In exchange, we won’t harm you.”
“We’ll just wait for Tini to arrive,” Dmon said.
“You got ten seconds!” Matt said, “You drop her I drop you. After ten seconds, you’re dead either way if you don’t lower your weapon. In you’re current form even you can’t take a bullet and to transform you have to drop the gun, so it’s really your choice.”
“Sorry for our deception,” Samantha said, “We just want to take the kids home. You don’t want to die over them.”
Dmon lowered his rifle, “You’re right,” he said, “I don’t want to die over them, and you don’t really leave me a choice.”
Samantha lowered her hands and breathed a sigh of relief, “Good decision. Thank you.” she said.
“I’ll open the doors,” Dmon said, “This way you won’t blow them open.”
“Won’t you get in trouble?” Samantha asked as she boarded the shuttle with Matt and the kids.
“I’ll tell them you forced me,” Dmon said, going to a console, “Besides; I’m already in a little trouble for hiring you. I can deal with it. At least give  my money back.”
Samantha phased out the money and tossed it.
The shuttle door closed as the bay doors opened. The shuttle levitated and took off, passing through the force fields that kept everything from being sucked out and headed home.
ERIDANI
The year was back in 2996; floating in the zero-g room, David slowly woke and got his bearings.
“I was wondering when you would wake up,” Amy said, standing at the doorway.
It took a moment for David to remember the boots. He activated them, but was now standing on the ceiling, “What happened?” he asked.
“The Tiberius took multiple hits,” Amy replied, “Now she is adrift in two big pieces among millions of smaller ones, and to make it worse, we are the only survivors.”
“You’re not floating.” David pointed out.
“I am a computer simulation,” Amy said, “I am not affected by zero-g. By the way, count yourself lucky. If you were not a Myrmidon, you may never have recovered, and it is a good thing you were in an empty zero-g room. Otherwise, you may not have survived.”
David walked over towards Amy and righted himself up, “Then why are you here?” he asked.
“I told you,” Amy said “I’m a computer; I cannot be hurt like you. Besides, I was in the mainframe. I am running on what little power is left and emitters all over the ship. Right now we have minimal life support and force fields are holding, that is why you’re able to breathe.”
David walked past Amy and across the room to a corridor. Amy wasn’t joking when she said the ship was adrift and they were the only survivors. Everywhere was floating debris, only a few lights and panels barely worked, and dead bodies floated around.
Amy followed, “It is horrible,” she said, “We were shaken like a can of tuna. These people did not have a chance.”
David looked out the nearest porthole and saw the battle between the UEC and AFU, “How long was I out?” he asked.
“Just over an hour,” Amy answered, “As I said - If it was not for your Myrmidon physiology you would probably be dead.”
“Can you give me any status updates?” David asked.
“Aside from the Tiberius floating dead in space,” Amy said, “The last reading I got before sensors went offline was that the battle was thick and heavy, but going pretty even.”
“What about communications?” David asked.
“Only shortwave radio bursts,” Amy answered, “Nothing long-range, sorry.”
“It’ll have to do,” David said, “Send out an SOS. Maybe we’ll get lucky and a ship will pass by.”
“Sending out SOS,” Amy said.
David found a mirror and checked the wound on the side of his head. After a few seconds, he made his way to the bridge. There was nothing but a few dead floating bodies and some flickering lights. He went to one console and pushed some buttons, “Amy, do we have any control of anything?” he asked.
“Just some environmental controls,” Amy answered.
“Great,” David said, “I’ll die comfortably.”
Amy appeared to be staring off into space as she ran some quick calculations, “If it makes you feel better, you will probably die of starvation long before the power goes out.”
David laughed, “I don’t plan on dying of starvation.” he said.
Amy was perplexed, “Sir, the Tiberius was ripped in half. The mess hall is on the other side. We cannot get to it.” she said.
David placed both hands on Amy’s shoulders, “We’ll find a way out of here.” he said.
Amy nodded, “Do you want to hear my theory on why I think the AFU is attacking?” she asked.
“Like it matters now,” David said, “Can we make it to my room?”
Amy stared blankly for a second, “Yes, it is on our side of the hull.” she said.
“Good,” David said, “I need to get something.”
Amy didn’t need to upload to the mainframe, so she just followed David on foot, “I know how the environment is, but let me ask - is the air ok?” she asked.
“I can breathe just fine.” David said, as went down a few flights of steps and came to a maintenance hatch and pointed at it, “This way, right?”
Amy quickly used the ship’s internal sensors just by thinking it, “Two flights down, the stairs have collapsed. This is the only way around.” she answered. 
“I thought so,” David said, opening the hatch and entering. There was just enough room to crawl or work on your knees.
“How is the temperature?” Amy asked as she followed.
“It’s ok I guess,” David said, grabbing hold of a ladder and floating himself down, “Now that you mentioned it, it’s a little chilly, but nothing I can’t handle.”
Amy spoke quietly as she grabbed a nearby extinguisher, “That is ok because it is about to get hot.”
David exited the maintenance area, and came to a large hall with fires in different places, blocking his way. The fires were like liquid, getting on everything and going everywhere. Smoke vented through the hull and breaches were blocked off by force fields.
“How am I gonna get past this,” David asked, “I can’t run, I’m using gravity boots. Floating across or through it is just as bad as jumping in it.”
Amy walked past holding the extinguisher to her chest and looking at David, “I will take care of this.” she calmly said.
David watched as Amy walked through the fire unharmed and vanish into the flames. A few moments later, the extinguisher exploded, it wasn’t a large explosion, but it was enough to calm the fires down.
“Please hurry, sir,” Amy begged, waving for him to come over.
David moved as fast as the boots would let him, “You’re useful,” he said and shook hands with Amy, “Amy, call me David from now on.”
Amy stared blankly for a second, “Maj., I can do so if you order it.” she said.
“Then consider that an order,” David said as he continued on.
“Sure thing, David,” Amy said, following.
David entered his room and started opening and riffle through boxes, “Not as big as my office aboard the Unity, but it does carry one important difference. Got it!”
“Got what?” Amy asked.
“Pictures of my family,” David said, holding one up to look at it. He phased in the pictures and just sat, “I guess we just wait now.”
Amy stared again. Every time she stared, it was her processing tons of information, “The communication center would be the best place to wait, and it is on our side of the wreckage.” she said.
David stood and waved onward, “We better go then,” he said, “ I don’t want to miss our chance. Please, lead the way.”
It took a few minutes to reach the communication center with the boots. David could tell where the floor was and tried to use it whenever possible, but at times there were too many things floating in the way or there was damage or other environmental hazards to avoid.
David entered the communication center and looked both ways. On one side it was a long narrow room, on the other was a large, gaping hole in the ship. He could see outside into space and at Earth below.
Amy entered and looked, “Whoa,” she said, “It would suck to fall from this height. Good thing the force fields are holding.”
“Can you see the battle from here?” David asked, noticing beams and explosions in the distance.
Amy looked, “Sensors are offline,” she said, “I do have a visual.”
“What does it look like?” David asked.
“Crazy, as humans would put it,” Amy said, sitting with David at a console, “I will try to break it down. The Xurigans showed up and are trying to stop the fighting. The sentient starships, Eridani have also shown up cause there with the Xurigans. Our allies, the shapeshifting Odians are helping where they can, and it looks like the Cephei are staying neutral.”
“You sure,” David asked, “You got all that from just looking?”
“No,” Amy shrugged, “I could be wrong. I mixed up what I saw with what I know.”
David chuckled and asked, “In other words - You made it up?”
Amy looked down in shame, “Sort of,” she said, before pepping up, “Would you like to hear my theory on why I think the AFU is attacking? It is based on ancient Xurigan records.”
David leaned back, “We could be here for a while,” he said, “Go ahead, and enlighten me.”
Amy stood back up and looked outside saying, “Ok, this is how it starts…” ***
XURIGANS
***Millions of years ago, what was left of the Xurigan fleet had taken its population and was fleeing in space.
“What do you suggest?” ZEE-4747 asked, or thought. He was a Reticulan, a gray alien being who stood four feet tall, with a large head and appeared humanoid. They had no sex organs and walked around naked. Their eyes were large, black, and possessed no iris or pupil. They also had no hair or ears and nose; only small slits where those should be, and a small mouth. Possessing a small chest and showing no visible muscular definition or skeletal structure, their arms, and legs were proportional to each other. The reason for all this is because instead of being born, they were built (genetically grown) by the Ikashians.
“There must be a way to stop the Anunnaki.” Mímir, an Ikashian, thought back to answer. Ikashians were humanoids who stood seven feet tall with tan-colored skin, blond hair and bright blue eyes. Unlike the Reticulans, Ikashians were in great physical shape and wore various skintight clothes. Both communicated by telepathy with each other and other alien life. They both had mouths, but the Reticulans only used theirs if they had to talk. The Ikashians used their mouth for speaking and eating. Together they were known as the Xurigans.
Both were sitting at a table thinking about the Anunnaki; a humanoid race that stood around six feet tall, had opaque white skin, blue and purple hair, and liked to wear black clothing. They didn’t possess telepathy, but they and their technology were immune to most forms of energy, and they and their ships could project a form of energy that was deadly to others.
“Even if we develop new weapons,” ZEE-4747 said, “It’ll still be dangerous to confront the Anunnaki.”
“The bigger problem,” Mímir said, “Is what can we possibly create, and who’s crazy enough to try it? The Anunnaki have been impervious to everything we throw at them.”
An alarm at a console went off; ZEE-4747 got up to check it out. Mímir waited anxiously to hear what it was.
“Proximity alarm,” ZEE-4747 said, as he checked the console, “It’s the Anunnaki.”
Mímir jumped from his seat and ran to the console, “How did they find us?” he asked.
“It’s not from behind us,” ZEE-4747 said, “It's only one ship, ahead of us.”
“Tell all ships to use evasive maneuvers and continue,” Mímir said, “We need to get out of here.”
“As you wish, sir,” ZEE-4747 said as he entered the commands.
The saucer / triangular-shaped Xurigan ships broke formation as the smooth, streamlined, pod-shaped Anunnaki ship closed in. The Xurigan ships moved like a school of fish trying to avoid a much larger predator when the Anunnaki ship opened fired, hitting several ships; its beams and blasts easily tore through them.
ZEE-4747 and Mímir’s ship was one of the ones hit and shaken from the impact.
Mímir had steadied himself against a post, “Damage report!” he said
“Hull breach,” ZEE-4747 said, as he studied the console, and regained control of the ship, “Twenty-two dead. Gestation chamber compromised. Initializing force fields. Sir, the Kurzon, she’s hanging back. Incoming message, it’s the Kurzon, audio-only.”
“Let’s hear it,” Mímir said.
ZEE-4747 patched the audio in.
“This is the Kurzon,” they said, “We’re going to try and buy you time to get out of here. Wish us luck. Kurzon, out.”
The Kurzon was the biggest ship the Xurigans currently had. It circled back around and fired. Its weapons had little effect on the Anunnaki ship; which returned fire and devastated the Kurzon.
Heavily damaged and unable to fire, the Kurzon didn’t slow down or stop its approach. The Anunnaki ship kept firing, but it wasn’t enough. When both ships collided there was a huge explosion that left the smallest of debris.
“They did it,” ZEE-4747 said, “No sign of the Anunnaki.”
Mímir sighed in relief, “We can’t afford to keep doing that,” he said, “That was too great a loss. What was damaged, gestation? Get down there and see if they need help.”
“Right away, sir,” ZEE-4747 said, grabbing some tools and leaving. When he arrived at the gestation chamber, he saw some Reticulans pushing some of the gestation pods containing more Reticulans away. There was a hole that went at an angle straight through the gestation chamber. Some of the pods were missing, destroyed in the attack, “You need any help?”
“We need to move these pods,” A Reticulan said, “What happened?”
“We were attacked by the Anunnaki,” ZEE-4747 replied, as he went into the room and grabbed two pods to push with each hand, “Don’t worry they’ve been dealt with, but we lost a ship.”
“First they take our homeworld,” the Reticulan said, “Now this. What are we to do? We’re all that’s left. I wish we could grow weapons that would work inside these pods as easily as we grow ourselves. Then maybe we could turn the tide.”
ZEE-4747 suddenly had an idea, “I need to go to the star lab right away,” he said, handing off his pods to others. “We may have just turned this war around.”
In the star lab, ZEE-4747 stepped into a large dark room and began working a console. The entire room was suddenly lit up by a small-scale 3D map of interstellar space. ZEE-4747 worked the console again, and an area of the map zoomed in, showing a solar system.
“Got it,” ZEE-4747 said.
Mímir was at bridge sitting, alone, and resting his head in one hand while watching the stars go by on the viewer. ZEE-4747 came in and hurried to Mímir’s side.
“Sir,” ZEE-4747 said, “I have a crazy idea. Please hear me out.”
Mímir stood and walked to a console, “Considering we’re on the endangered species list I’m open to suggestions.”
“Let’s grow our very own Anunnaki?” ZEE-4747 suggested.
Mímir kept a straight face, “You’re right,” he said, “You are crazy.”
“I know how it sounds,” ZEE-4747 said, “Growing the race that’s wiping us out, but it may be our only chance.”
Mímir looked at ZEE-4747 angrily, “This is insane,” he said, “I can’t believe you would come up with this. If they get out of control, how are we supposed to stop them?”
“They won’t be a threat,” ZEE-4747 assured, “We just input the DNA we have on file, grow a few, teach them, let them procreate, and then get them when they are ready.”
“‘Procreate’?” Mímir asked, “You want to give them the ability to self-replicate?”
“It will save us the trouble of gestating a lot and finding room for them. We just hide them on a planet; in this case, I found two habitable ones next to each other, and let them do the work.”
Mímir calmed down and thought a moment, “What’s to stop the Anunnaki from killing them if they find them?” he asked.
“They’re immune to each other,” ZEE-4747 said, “We’ve seen it. The ones we create will have the same DNA, they should also be immune.”
Mímir thought for a long time, “You realize if this doesn’t work,” he said, “We could be sailing through space forever, without a home.”
“But if it does work,” ZEE-4747 said, “We can get our home back.”
“Go ahead and make one,” Mímir said, “I want to see it before we wake it up.”
“As you say, sir,” ZEE-4747 said, leaving to continue work.
It took several days, but ZEE-4747 succeeded in his endeavor. He called to Mímir with his telepathy, “Sir, the project is complete. Come down when you’re ready.”
Mímir came to the lab and moved the pod near an airlock and looked at ZEE-4747, “Just in case we have to blow it out into space,” he said, placing his hand on the eject button, “You can never be too safe.”
“Right,” ZEE-4747 said, “Let me introduce to you the Anunnakx, our answer to the Anunnaki.”
The Anunnakx looked similar to the Anunnaki, except it had light brown translucent skin and black hair.
Mímir looked, “Why are its skin and hair different?” he asked.
“DNA,” ZEE-4747 said, “We also had to allow for some minor genetic variations. Otherwise, we’d end up with unsustainable clones. I think the process has negated their use of bioenergy, but they should still be immune. I also believe they are much easier to kill.”
Mímir slowly took his hand away from the button, “We can kill it with our own weapons?” he asked.
“Not by design,” ZEE-4747 said, “The genetic variations made them that way. This is based on his DNA so I could be wrong, but I’m pretty sure I’m right.”
“You want to put these on a planet,” Mímir asked, “Leave them there and get them later, right?”
“Sorta,” ZEE-4747 said, “We have to create a partner and a few more. Give them basic survival training, and populate the planets with them. Wait about a hundred years and then come get them.”
“‘A hundred years,” Mímir said in disbelief, “Why so long?”
“It’s not really that long,” ZEE-4747 said, “We need to give them time to procreate. I don’t have a lifespan and you have a very long one. In the meantime, we can explore alternatives.”
“You’re right I suppose,” Mímir said, “What planet did you have in mind?’
“Planets,” ZEE-4747 said, “I found two habitable ones in an isolated solar system. The third and fourth ones will do nicely. The fourth one is a little bit farther and smaller. The third one is home to an indigenous species of large lizards. I believe these lizards can be domesticated.”
Mímir was lost in his thoughts for a moment, “Go forward with the Anunnakx program,” he said, “Let’s hope this works.”
ANUNNAKI
Enki awoke to lights coming into his room. He crawled out of bed without waking his wife, Ninti. Both of them were Anunnakx, born and raised. With some help from the Xurigans in the beginning, they managed to build a civilization.
Outside, Enki witnessed an Anunnaki ship landing. A door opened and Enlil, an Anunnaki escorted by two others, stepped out. Enki wasted no time running to Enlil and bowing at his feet. Enlil and the others stared perplexed. A few others stepped out of their homes to see what was going on.
“I am Enki,” he said. “We’ve been awaiting your arrival.” Mistaking them for the Xurigans.
“My name is Enlil,” he said “You have been waiting?”
“Please,” Enki said, pointing the way, “Come inside my house.”
Enlil and his followers went inside the house after Enki, and sat.
“May I offer you anything,” Enki asked, “A drink perhaps?”
Enlil, intrigued by the similarities, shot a beam of energy from his hand at Enki. To Enlil’s surprise, Enki wasn’t the least bit affected; the energy beam passed right through him and struck the wall behind him, burning a hole in it and Enki’s shirt, and knocking a few things over.
“Interesting,” Enlil said, “What are your people called?”
Ninti came downstairs to see what the commotion was, “What happened?” she asked.
“Uhh,” Enki said, confused himself. He went over to grab Ninti, “They bumped into something,” He turned to Enlil, “We are the Anunnakx.”
“Is that so,” Enlil said, “We are called Anunnaki. Funny similarity, don’t you think?”
Enki looked at his wife, “Everything’s fine. You can go back to sleep.” he said. With the damage caused he thought it better not to mention the Xurigans.
“Are you sure?” Ninti asked.
“Sure sure,” Enki replied, “Everything’s fine.”
“…Ok,” Ninti said, going back upstairs.
“What was that?” Enki asked about the damage.
“A…test.” Enlil lied.
“Can’t have any more of that,” Enki said, “You’ll destroy everything. Would you like me to show you around?”
Enlil and his escorts stood, “Maybe a little later,” he said, “I need to report to my boss.”
“What time should I get you?” Enki asked.
“Don’t!” Enlil said, leaving. “We’ll come back.”
“Sure,” Enki said as the door closed.
Enlil headed back inside his ship and wasted no time sitting at the ship’s viewer to call his boss, “Hello, Tana,” he said, “How is the Xurigan homeworld?”
“I can retire here,” Tana said, “What did you find?
“Interesting race,” Enlil said, “They call themselves Anunnakx. The third and fourth planets in the omega sector are full of them. What’s even more interesting is that they are immune to our energy, and they appear to hold us in high regard. One has said they were awaiting our arrival.”
Tana thought for a moment, “You’re right,” she said, “They do sound interesting. I’ve never heard of them. Study them for a while.”
“I think it’s amazing they call themselves Anunnakx, and they are immune to our energy,” Enlil said, “I haven’t seen them project any energy, and they didn’t seem to know what it was.”
“I don’t believe in that kind of coincidence,” Tana said, “Report anything suspicious.”
“Yes, ma’am,” Enlil said as the viewer turned off.
Daylight was starting to break, and there was a sizable crowd gathered at the ship. Enlil and his escorts stepped out of the ship.
“Ok,” Enki said, separating the crowd and approaching Enlil, “Let’s give these guys some room. What would you like?” he asked Enlil.
“Nothing,” Enlil said, “Just go about your business as usual.”
Enki giggled, “Easier said than done,” he said, turning to the crowd to yell, “You heard the man. Get back to work!”
The crowd slowly dispersed, though senior citizens and children remained.
“How about that tour?” Enlil asked.
At one point during the day, Enki led Enlil to a construction site, “Here we’re building bigger living quarters,” Enki said.
Enlil was impressed with how easily the Anunnakx put large stones into place with such tiny sophisticated tools and was surprised by the certain lack of technology because the giant lizards were also being employed to help move the stones.
One of his escorts stepped near an area under construction. No one could stop taking a look at the newcomers. The construction workers’ complacency led to an instability in a wall, and it collapsed, injuring him.
Enlil and his escort quickly ran to their fallen comrade, “Are you ok?” Enlil asked.
“I…I can’t move.” Enlil’s comrade replied.
Ninti came running to Enki, “I have something important to tell you.” she whispered to him.
“Now’s not a good time,” Enki whispered back.
Enlil tapped the communicator on his chest, “I need a med ship down here,” he said, then looking at his remaining escort, “He needs a rejuvenator.”
A few minutes later a ship arrived, floating silently in the sky, and beaming down a seven-foot-long box into the ground in a beam of light. The box had a rough outline cut out to place a person in.
Enlil and his escort picked the injured Anunnaki up and placed him inside the box which then lit up and filled with smoke. The injured Anunnaki remained in the box for a few moments while Enlil and his companion looked over him on their knees, “Good thing you were only injured,” Enlil said, “If that accident had killed you we wouldn’t be able to help you.”
Enki, Ninti, and the rest looked on in amazement as the Anunnaki stood back up with no injuries and went up with the box to the ship in a beam of light.
Enlil approached Enki, “I need one of your tools.” he said.
“Which one?” Enki asked.
“Anything small,” Enlil replied.
Enki grabbed a hand-sized one and handed it over.
“I’ll be back with this,” Enlil said, as he turned and left.
“I really need to talk to you,” Ninti said, “I don’t think the Anunnaki are who you think they are.”
Enlil walked back to his ship and called.
“What is it?” Tana asked.
“One of my men was injured in an accident,” Enlil said, “He’s ok now, but these Anunnakx. It’s weird. I don’t know how else to explain it, but their level of technology doesn’t match up with their level of civilization.”
“How so?” Tana asked.
“They can easily cut and move stone,” Enlil said, “However, it’s just stone. I see no complex material being used, and they use the lizards to carry the large stones over vast distances. By all accounts, these people should be traveling in space by now. I brought a piece of their technology for you to look at.”
Tana pushed some buttons, “Place it on the scanner.” she said.
Enlil did so and waited.
Tana was perplexed by the analysis she got, “Hmm, low energy consumption, biodegradable, I see. It matches Xurigan technology,” she said, “You know, Xurigans were also skilled at genetics.”
Enlil thought a moment, “Are you thinking what I’m thinking?” he asked.
Tana smiled and nodded, “Wipe them out,” she said, “Both planets.”
Back at Enki’s house, he and Ninti were sitting at a computer going over a database. It was raining and thundering outside so they couldn’t tell what was happening.
“According to these records,” Ninti said, “The Anunnaki are the bad guys. We were made in their image to fight them.”
Enki scratched his head, “I also know it says our creator will return from the stars. All I see are the Anunnaki. You say we were made in their image to fight them, but that doesn’t make sense. They’re way ahead of us. What chance would we have?”
Right then, there was a hectic knock at the door. Enki got up to get the door. As he opened it, a small person with a cloak, gloves, and hood came rushing in.
Enki was surprised, “Whoa, hey little fella,” he said, “You lost?”
The small person pulled his hood back to reveal himself as ZEE-4747.
“Fool!” ZEE-4747 said, “Don’t you know when you’re under attack?”
Enki was now bewildered, he had never seen a creature like ZEE-4747, and he could hear him loud and clear, but the alien’s lips were not moving, “Who or what are you, and what are you talking about?” he asked.
“Call me Z,” he said, “A Reticulan. I’ve been watching you. You better take a look outside.”
Enki opened the door and stuck his head out. His mouth fell when he saw laser blasts destroying the town around him. Quickly closing the door, he asked, “What’s going on?”
“The Anunnaki are attacking you,” ZEE-4747 said, “My guess is they’ve figured out what you are. Listen, I’m here to help, but we must act fast. Can you get a message out?”
“We have a computer,” Enki said.
“Good,” ZEE-4747 said, “Send a message to the survivors to meet in a safe spot.”
Enki ran to get Ninti.
“There’s more here,” Ninti said.
“No time for that. You were right,” Enki said, “We need to send a message telling everyone to meet up at a safe spot.”
Just then ZEE-4747 stepped in.
Ninti looked ZEE-4747 wide-eyed and briefly screamed. “What are you?”
“He says his name is ZEE-4747,” Enki said, “He’s a Reticulan. He’s here to help, but we can’t hesitate.”
“Please, for the sake of time just call me Z,” ZEE-47467 said
“A Reticulan he says,” Ninti said, turning to the computer, “We’ll just look that up.”
“Please,” ZEE-4747 said, “We don’t have time.”
“Ninti, please,” Enki begged, “We need you to send out a message.”
Ninti sighed in frustration, “Fine,” she said, “What do you want to send?”
Enki looked at ZEE-4747 for a moment, “Say to fall back to the nearest cave,” he said, “We can ride out the attack there.”
ZEE-4747 nodded, “Thank you,” he said, “My fleet is hiding behind your moon. We know how to find you. They will move in to pick us up in a few hours.”
“Ok,” Ninti said, “Done.” She got up from the computer and ran to Enki.
“Ready,” ZEE-4747 said, “Let’s head out.”
ANUNNAKX
Enki and Ninti were sitting next to each other on construction parts in a large metallic room with other Anunnakx around as confused as them. ZEE-4747 approached, “Welcome to the shelter area on the ship,” he said, “We managed to save hundreds of thousands from both planets, and even got some of your giant lizards too.”
“Can you please explain what is happening?” Enki asked.
“We have a while,” ZEE-4747 said, “So I’ll tell you. A long time ago, we created you to help us against the Anunnaki. My master, Mímir, said to make you, but sadly, he passed away several years ago due to some alien disease and will not be with us to reclaim our home, Xuriga.”
“How can we possibly help?” Enki asked.
“We made you like the Anunnaki,” ZEE-4747 said, “You should be immune to their energy projections.”
Enki remembered when Enlil fired one and it passed right through hitting the wall.
“That’s it,” ZEE-4747 said, reading Enki’s thoughts, “I knew it would work.”
“Z,” Enki called, “If your master is dead, who do you work for?
“The Ikashians,” ZEE-4747 replied, “I was created to serve one, but now that he’s dead, I serve all. The Ikashians have a rank system, so we Reticulans use that. Together we are known as the Xurigans.”
“You were created like us,” Enki asked, “How?”
“Genetically grown,” ZEE-4747 answered, “Reticulans have to be grown. You can be born.”
“Back on the planet, you said you were watching us,” Enki said.
“Sorta,” ZEE-4747 responded, “I checked on you from time to time. I only got there a few days before the Anunnaki, but once they showed up, I knew it was time to get you out of there.”
“What are you going to do with us?” Ninti asked.
“If everything goes according to plan,” ZEE-4747 said, “I guess we’ll just put you back on your planet and let you grow there.”
“What exactly do you need from us,” Enki asked, “We might be immune to their energy, but they’re still more advanced.”
“Don’t worry about that,” ZEE-4747 said, “Any technology you need, we’ll provide. I highly doubt you’ll need any of it, though, aside from some melee weapons so you don’t have to use your bare hands. We can do little against them or their ships. They rely solely on their energy, which is useless against you, harmful to everyone else. The only way to harm them is with a physical object or an enormous amount of energy. No one can get close and our weapons don’t generate nearly enough energy. We’ll drop you on Xuriga and you liberate it for us.”
“Sounds easy,” Enki said.
“If it wasn’t our homeworld,” ZEE-4747 said, “I’d almost feel bad for the Anunnaki. Almost.”
In his ship, Enlil sat at a viewer and called Tana.
“Extermination underway,” Enlil said, “It’s tough to root out the Anunnakx. I have to warn you that we detected several Xurigan ships leaving the area.”
“They’re still around,” Tana sighed, “I’ll deal with them. You make sure to get rid of any Anunnakx on both planets.”
Enlil thought for a moment and snickered, “There’s only one way to be sure,” he said, “They don’t have a space fleet to stop us, and not even a planetary defense for it.”
“Do what you have to,” Tana said, “Just get it done.”
“Yes, ma’am.” Enlil said, before turning off the viewer.”
As the Anunnaki ships bombarded the planets from orbit, two of them broke off and headed out. It only took them a few moments to reach a nearby asteroid belt. The ships then fired small cone-shaped beams at large asteroids and began to tow them along.
“Do you need anything?” ZEE-4747 asked.
“We just need to know the plan of attack,” Enki answered, “It’s not like we have much of a choice anyway.”
“Speed is of the essence,” ZEE-4747 said, “Although you can wait around for Anunnaki to find a way to kill you, I wouldn’t recommend it.”
“Like I said,” Enki replied, “We don’t have much choice. You’re asking us to kill another person, even though I’ve never even heard of one killing our own.”
“Make no mistake,” ZEE-4747 said, “The Anunnaki have killed billions, perhaps trillions, in their universal conquest. Besides, once you do it, I’m sure you’ll get used to it. It’s like killing any other creature. Killing has to be in your nature, you were copied from the Anunnaki.”
Enki looked at ZEE-4747 angrily, “That doesn’t make us killers,” he said, “You wouldn’t like it if we wiped your race out.”
ZEE-4747 grabbed his head and shook it, “Oh no,” he said, “You have empathy. We didn’t foresee this. Don’t have sympathy for Anunnaki; they’re doing what they can right now to wipe your race out. You must stop them. … Fine, you don’t have to kill, but at least drive them away.”
Enki looked at Ninti and then back at ZEE-4747 to nod.
“We’ll arrive soon,” ZEE-4747 said, “Do what you need to get ready.”
A few minutes passed, the Xurigans flew en masse past any Anunnaki ship; some were hit by energy blasts or destroyed, but the Xurigans flew straight for their homeworld and wasted no time dropping off the Anunnakx in various places with swords, axes, and clubs amidst a hail of energy blasts.
Enki and Ninti landed with several others near a big building and stormed it. Enki wielded a sword and a small dagger that was sheathed. Ninti had a battle ax. Several Anunnaki tried firing energy blasts to hold them back but were quickly overrun.
Inside, they hid behind large statues to shield themselves from the incoming blasts.
“Z was right,” Enki said, “Their energy doesn’t affect us.”
“Question,” Ninti said, “Why are we hiding?”
“Good point,” Enki replied, stepping out of cover and going after the Anunnaki.
As Enki and the others pressed on, they had to cross a room full of rejuvenators until finally coming face-to-face with Tana herself.
“Impressive,” Tana said, “The Xurigans found a way around our energy.”
“If you leave now,” Enki said, “No harm will come to you.”
Tana smiled, “The Anunnaki always find a way.” she said.
Right then, several Anunnaki jumped out of hiding and physically attacked. Enki wrestled with a big one and couldn’t get the upper hand. The Anunnaki punched Enki flush in the face and knocked him down. Enki, still holding the sword, stood back up and swung wildly. The sword ended up slicing the Anunnaki’s head down the middle killing him instantly. Enki had to use both hands to dislodge the sword.
As Enki retrieved the sword, Tana came up and took his dagger to stab him right under the ribs, only for Ninti to swing her battle-ax and lodge it between Tana’s neck and shoulder.
Tana dropped dead instantly, while Ninti caught Enki as he fell to the floor.
Enki was still alive, but just barely.
“Hang in there,” Ninti said, “Time to get out of here.”
The other Anunnakx finished off their opponents and followed.
Ninti carried Enki to the room full of rejuvenators, “Hold up,” she said to the others, then looking at Enki, “I wonder.”
Enki pulled the dagger out and tossed it.
With some help, Ninti placed Enki inside a rejuvenator. The rejuvenator started automatically and began its work. It could’ve been the similar DNA, but after a few moments, Enki was standing tall with no wound, “Ninti, you’re a genius!” he said.
Ninti smiled in relief, “Now let’s get outta here.” she said.
Back on the ship, ZEE-4747 came running towards Enki and Ninti, “You did it!” he said, “We’re getting reports that the Anunnaki are in full retreat everywhere, even other planets. What would you like to do?”
“Let them retreat,” Enki said.
“Let’s go home,” Ninti added.
All Anunnaki ships in orbits around the Anunnakxs’ homeworlds ceased fire and took off. The two towing asteroids continued on to their destinations. One released its hold of the asteroid in descending orbit around the fourth planet until it crashed, extinguishing all life. The next one released its asteroid on the third planet with similar results. Both ships then took off to join the rest of the fleet.
“Thank you so much for getting our home back,” ZEE-4747 said, “We will never forget this.”
Enki extended his hand and shook ZEE-4747’s, “Neither will the Anunnaki.” he said.
“Let’s hope so,” ZEE-4747 said, “If you’ll both excuse me, we should be arriving soon.” He then turned around and went to the next room.
Enki sat down with Ninti and held her hand. Both were relieved the battle was over.
“I thought I lost you for a second,” Ninti said.
“You didn’t,” Enki replied, “Thanks to you I’m still alive.”
Ninti began to sob, “I don’t what I’d do without you.” she said.
Enki wrapped his arm around Ninti, “It’s over now,” he said, “Everything will be fine.”
Ninti composed herself, “When we get home,” she began, “Let’s just settle down.”
“Sure,” Enki said, “Anything you say.”
ZEE-4747 then called, “Both of you please meet me in the next room right away.”
Enki and Ninti got up and retraced ZEE-4747’s steps to the next room. They found him looking at an image of two planets.
“What’s wrong?” Enki asked.
“Scouts and long-range sensors confirm,” ZEE-4747 said without taking his eyes off the image, “Your homes have both been rendered uninhabitable.”
Ninti was in disbelief, “What?”
“You can’t live on your planets,” ZEE-4747 explained, “The Anunnaki found a way to hurt you.”
Enki took hold of Ninti’s hand, “What do we do now?” he asked ZEE-4747.
“You can stay with us,” ZEE-4747said, “Your third planet may be habitable one day, but I’m afraid your fourth planet has suffered irreparable damage. We’ll have to let the third planet heal itself. When that happens, your kind may return.” ***
THE GOOD DR.
In 2996, “The signal is strong,” Samantha whispered, as she led the way through a narrow corridor, “Next room maybe.”
“Anthony,” Peyton whispered, “How’s everything back there?”
“All clear,” Anthony responded in kind.
Samantha peeked around the corner into the next room. It was large, with multiple pathways, statues, and sarcophaguses dotting the room. There were also a few AFU soldiers standing about. “Peyton,” she said, “You better take a look at this.”
Peyton came around. Samantha’s back was against the wall; she was clearly hiding from something.
“Careful,” Samantha said.
Peyton peeked around the corner and saw the AFU soldiers. He leaned back to Samantha, “Why didn’t we detect them on radar?” he asked.
Samantha shrugged, “It could be this place,” she said, “The beacon was strong enough to get through, but inside it scrambles radars.”
Peyton looked again, “Then it’s a good bet they don’t know our exact position,” he said, “They seem huddled near the center of the room.”
Jenny and Anthony came up and took a peek; both overheard everything Peyton and Samantha said.
“I’m going to toss a grenade,” Peyton said, “Hopefully it’ll take them all out, but if not; Sam, Jenny, we use the commotion to take cover behind the sarcophaguses. Anthony, you hang back and snipe anyone left. We need to be quick about this, first thing they’ll probably do is radio for backup and give away our location.”
Peyton phased out a grenade, armed, and tossed it.
It took a second for the AFU soldiers to realize what it was before they scrambled in different directions.
As soon as the grenade went off, Peyton led the way in, firing at one of the soldiers and striking him several times before realizing what was happening. The grenade had taken most of the AFU soldiers out.
As three of the Horsemen took cover, an AFU soldier noticed them and fired wildly at them as he ran for cover himself. Peyton, Samantha, and Jenny were unable to get a clear shot at the soldier because he would shoot every time he stuck his head out; then he’d go right back into cover.
The soldier never noticed Anthony hiding in the doorway. Anthony lined up a shot and waited for the soldier to make the mistake of sticking his head out before taking a shot. Everything was now quiet and the Horsemen emerged from cover; guns at the ready, making sure all opposition was dead.
Peyton found the beacon on one of the dead soldiers. He picked it up, deactivated it, and phased it in. “Well, I got the beacon,” he said, “Look for any sign of the Dr.”
A radio message with a female voice then came in whispering, “Can you hear me?”
It didn’t sound like Samantha or Jenny. The Horsemen instantly raised their weapons and looked around.
“Who is this?” Peyton asked.
“It’s me Anjum Sayyad.” She said.
“Where are you,” Peyton said, “We need to get out of here.”
“Nearby,” Anjum said, “In a sarcophagus. I’m using a very short wave frequency so you have to be close.”
“We’re in a room full of sarcophaguses,” Peyton said, “Which one are you?”
“I can get out,” Anjum said, “Are there multiple paths and statues around you? I don’t wanna climb out to a bunch of AFU soldiers.”
“I can’t make you any promises,” Peyton said, “You’re using a shortwave frequency and the room fits.”
“Ok,” Anjum said, “Here I go.”
The Horsemen watched as the lid to one of the sarcophaguses slid open and a fully suited person in a Phase type V / EXP suit climbed out.
“We got a picture,” Peyton said, “I hope you won’t mind me asking you to phase your helmet off.”
“Not a problem,” Anjum said, phasing her helmet off to reveal her face. She looked exactly like the image they had; straight, black, shoulder-length hair, dark eyes, and brown skin.
Relieved it was the Dr. the Horsemen lowered their weapons.
“We need to move fast,” Peyton said, moving to the dr., “Which way out of here?”
Anjum pointed, “That way,” she said, “Even with a map this place is complicated.”
“Sam,” Peyton called, “Take point. Anthony, cover us. Dr., stay between Jenny and me.”
Everyone moved quickly through the passage Anjum pointed out.
“So dr.,” Peyton asked, “Why did you activate the beacon?”
“See all these glyphs on the walls,” Anjum began, “They were translated several years ago. We recently discovered this site, and in another room, I read a story about an alien race called the Anunnaki. The way they’re described, humans look similar. In fact, humans are supposed to look like them for some reason. I was going to notify the UEC and warn them that other aliens might mistake us for them, then, the local AFU showed up and started taking people away.”
“What’s so bad about the Anunnaki?” Peyton asked.
“They were a conquering race,” Anjum said, “Killing anyone in the way, wiping out entire species.”
“I knew it, we’re awesome.” Anthony quickly said.
“Anthony,” Peyton called, “Be quiet. Dr., you mean to tell me the AFU is attacking us because of an old story?”
“Probably,” Anjum said, “It’s not just old. This site is ancient, not humans living in caves ancient, but dinosaur ancient, maybe even older than that. I’m sure the story has changed by now, through gossip. After all this time it’s bound to misinterpretation.”
“Dinosaur ancient is pretty ancient,” Anthony said, “What happened next?”
“I only got as far as humans being created to look them,” Anjum replied, “We were called something else back then, but it’s safe to say the Anunnaki were an incredible, destructive race.”
“Peyton,” Jenny called, “Maps show this place to be huge.”
Anjum looked at Jenny, “You’re Jenny, Jenny Nguyen right?” she asked, “The same Hero of Aurora V and discoverer of the Venati?”
“I wouldn’t call myself a ‘Hero’,” Jenny said, “I also didn’t exactly discover the Venati, but yes, guilty as charged; same Jenny.”
“It’s because of you everyone has nanites,” Anjum said.
That memory was still fresh in Jenny’s mind.
PESTILANCE
In 2994, Jenny was a Pvt. stationed on the S.S. Nightingale, a medical ship. She was lying in bed, reading from an image she’d phased out; keeping up-to-date on the latest medical findings. Her alarm went off and she was out the door a minute later.
Jenny entered the briefing room and had a seat while the room filled up with fellow dr.s.
A moment later, a man walked to the front as the lights dimmed.
“Hello everyone,” he said, “For you new guys, I’m chief medical officer CDR. Dr. Leonard Kelly. Let’s begin. We have received a distress call from Aurora V. There’s been some kind of outbreak. It’s a well-developed colony, so we’re sending down six teams of four; two soldiers, two dr.s. Your job is to assess and isolate. The Nightingale will hold orbit should you require assistance. You’ll receive your assignment shortly via internal message. Any questions?”
No one raised their hand.
“Dismissed,” Leonard said.
Jenny and everyone else got up and went to their rooms. She did some stretches and then sat at her desk to continue reading. After a few minutes, one of the nodes in her hands began to flash. She phased out a message containing details of the mission and her assignment. She was a dr. on team one.
Jenny’s friend Lisa walked in, “You ready for some excitement?” she asked.
Lisa was from the North America region. She had straight, shoulder-length, blonde hair, and brown eyes.
Jenny looked at Lisa, “Who said anything about excitement,” she asked, “It’s probably no big deal.”
“Liven up,” Lisa said, sitting on Jenny’s bed, “It’s your first deployment outside of Earth. You can’t tell me you’re not excited.”
“I’m a little excited,” Jenny admitted, “I’m more nervous than anything. I don’t want to screw this up.”
Lisa stood, smiling while hollering, “You’re with me,” she said before calming down, “You can’t mess up. I won’t let you. Now let’s go.”
In a preparation room, Jenny and others phased on their suits and stepped on teleporters. After beaming down, she joined her team in the middle of the street. The others had beamed down in different locations.
It was a nice day out, but everything was abandoned, and bloodstains reading ‘ours’ were written like graffiti all over the place. The two soldiers in charge at the moment until there was a medical situation were Hal and Steven. Lisa was the other dr., and she was in charge when needed.
The whole planet looked like everyone just dropped everything and left. Machines and vehicles were left on. It appeared as though there was some looting, and very little was damaged.
“We better hurry,” Hal said, “It looks like a sandstorm is heading this way. The IDC is this way. Follow me and stick close together.”
The IDC (Interstellar Disease Control) was humanity's best hope in the fight against new diseases.
“IDC spotted,” Steve said, “Looks like the facility is in lockdown mode.”
Jenny’s team arrived a short while later. The IDC building looked abandoned like every other place. Hal phased out a card and inserted it into a card reader to lift the lockdown. Inside, everything was quiet. They were in the lobby and the only lights coming in were through the large windows. To the side was a stairway.
Just past the stairway by the reception desk, Jenny spotted a pile of dead people, “This is weird,” she said, “They look dead, but I’m picking up a ton of life signs.”
“Let me have a look,” Lisa said, kneeling down to inspect the bodies.
While Lisa looked, one of the bodies suddenly grabbed her, and then another and another, “Whoa, ok calm down,” she said, as she struggled to break loose, “Let go.”
Jenny and the two soldiers tried pulling Lisa free, but there were too many bodies, and slowly found themselves being overwhelmed. It didn’t take long for them to realize they were being attacked and had to let go.
Both soldiers raised their rifles and Jenny phased out her pistol.
“Everyone,” Hal yelled at the crowd, “Back away.”
None of them listened. They either kept coming forward slowly or tried attacking Lisa through her suit.
“Back off,” Steve repeated to no avail.
“What’s happening?” Jenny asked.
“Shoot first,” Hal said, “Ask questions later.”
All three fired a single round into the crowd as they backed away. Their bullets didn’t seem to have any effect; one round hit someone in the arm, a second in the leg, and a third in the chest. They still kept coming as though they felt nothing.
Hal set his gun to full auto and blasted the front of the crowd back. All three bolted out the front door before they ran out of the room.
Outside, they thought they were safe until they noticed people coming out of buildings, alleyways, down the streets, and around the corners; all heading in their direction. The people moved slowly, but there were many.
 They all took aim and fired. Jenny noticed the ones struck in the head went down easy and for good, “Shoot them in the head.” she said. Even with that tactic, the crowd grew ever so closer. It got to the point where Jenny and the others had to run in different directions.
Steve went for the open street for more room to maneuver. Hal didn’t know where he was running, he just ran. Jenny ran around to the back of the IDC building. Steve found himself surrounded. Hal was doing ok running past people, and Jenny hid in one of the building’s crevasses.
Steve kept firing and firing until he was overtaken by the sheer number of people. They piled on him trying to attack through his suit. All they did successfully was slow him down a bit and blind him; one was on top of him in such a way he never saw the runaway tram that struck him.
Jenny’s HUD showed no more life signs for Steve.
Hal had run into a parking garage full of vehicles. He hid inside one only to be attacked from behind. He easily broke free and exited. More people had shown up or were already there. Hal fired at them as he ran between vehicles. There were more and more coming at him. All he knew was that he wasn’t going to be taken like Lisa and he would go down fighting. Hal ran to an open area and fired from there as the crowd closed in. He waited until the last moment to phase out a grenade, arm, and drop it.
The entire garage exploded in a huge fireball, and Jenny’s HUD showed Hal’s life signs to be flat.
Jenny’s radar showed there to be lots of life signs around but they were more dispersed. She stuck her head out and looked around to be sure. The IDC was too important to leave behind and she could use some of their equipment. She carefully and hurriedly made her way to the front. When she was back into the lobby, she was faced with the same crowd as before only now they were much more spread out.
Jenny easily ran past and shoved her way through, as everyone was too slow to react; but they still followed. She ran up the stairs to a door that didn’t open.
“Oh no,” Jenny whispered, as she turned around and fired at the oncoming crowd. ‘This is it!’ she thought, as the crowd closed in.
At the last minute, the door slid open and someone in a suit pulled Jenny through to safety before closing the door.
VENATI
Jenny found herself in a long hallway in another part of the building. Whoever pulled her to safety was in a damaged POL suit; there was a visible wound on the thigh with black blood.
“Who are you,” Jenny asked, “By the way, thanks for scaring the crap outta me.”
“My name is Kate,” she said, “I picked you up on my radar. I’m a security officer for the IDC. I sent the message. You with a rescue party?”
“I was,” Jenny said, checking her HUD for readings, “Wait, my friend, Lisa is still alive. Lisa, can you hear me?”
Lisa had to whisper back, “I’m alive,” she said, “But I’m surrounded by this crowd and they keep pulling at the suit like they’re trying to get through. Where are you?”
Kate chimed in, “They’ll eventually find a way through,” she said, “Even a Myrmidon has to eat and drink.”
“You’re not helping,” Jenny said, “Lisa, we’re right upstairs. I’m not reading teams two and five. Messages from three, four, and six indicate they’re holed up.”
“Just saying,” Kate said, “These things will probably wait for you to starve.”
“What are they?” Jenny asked, quickly walking to a lab.
Kate limped against a wall facing the door, “Dead,” she answered, “It started about a month ago when miners dug up an old dead alien body. It was all over the news, but at the same time the miners were getting sick and turning up dead only to come back to life as something else. Whatever it is, it spread quickly. First, among the medical community and then, the general public. The IDC did everything they could, but they couldn’t find an answer.” 
“What’s your story?” Jenny asked, as she reactivated the computers and placed her hand on a data wall for a node to absorb the information.
“I was held up here with a few other people,” Kate said, “Until they turned and I had to deal with them. The dr.s and scientists discovered some stuff, but that was it.”
“How did you deal with them?” Lisa asked.
“Brain,” Kate said, “You have to destroy it; in my case, I shot them in the head. It’s the only way.”
Jenny took a sample and placed it in a machine for a microscope, “You’re lucky you weren’t infected,” she said, “I keep reading these samples as alive.”
“Must be the disease,” Kate said, “It does screw with the body and bring people back from the dead.”
Jenny looked at the enlarged image of the sample and was shocked by what she saw. It looked like rod-shaped bacteria with two flagellum on each side and a smaller triangular piece at one end with two black dots next to each other, “Computer, what am I looking at?” she asked.
“The Venati,” a feminine voice said. “An airborne, small multicellular organism that reproduces by transmutation.”
“‘Multicellular’,” Jenny said, “No wonder why my HUD was going crazy with life signs. Computer, how does it transmutate?”
“By injecting a flagellum into the cell,” the computer answered, “Then injecting material into the cell, causing the cell to become another Venati.”
“Lives like a bacteria,” Jenny said, “Reproduces like a virus.” She looked closely at the triangular part with two dots, “Eww, is that a head?”
“Unknown.” The computer replied.
“Sounds parasitic,” Lisa said.
Outside, the sunlight dimmed as the sandstorm crashed into the building.
“Lisa,” Jenny called, “Can you break free?”
“If these things ever put me down,” Lisa answered, “I can try.”
“Individually they’re not that strong or fast,” Kate said, “In large numbers, they can be overwhelming.”
Jenny approached Kate, “I don’t think there’s anything I can do by myself,” she said, “Unless there’s something you’re not telling me.”
Kate thought for a moment, “I can’t think of anything,” she said, “I’m pretty sure I told you everything.”
“Why are you not infected?” Lisa asked.
 “No idea,” Kate said as Jenny kneeled down to inspect Kate’s injury.
“That’s some wound,” Jenny said, “I don’t detect any broken bones or ruptured major arteries. What happened? Maybe I can take care of this.”
“Shuttle accident,” Kate answered, “Pilot turned and I had to waste him. I landed as best I could, but I ended up crashing and injuring my leg.”
“Why is your blood all black, like oil?” Jenny asked.
Kate shrugged. Jenny collected a sample and put it in the machine. The image showed a lot of dead Venati. It also showed more Venati showing up and being cut in half by nanites that resembled one clawed crabs.
“Nanites,” Jenny said, “Kate, were you ever a Myrmidon?”
“Former,” Kate answered, “Helped me get my job.”
“Makes sense,” Jenny said, “Myrmidons get exposed to nanites as part of their genetic augmentation. That’s why your blood is black. Venati are trying to infect you but they can’t because of your nanites.”
Jenny purposely cross-contaminated Kate’s sample with another sample and saw the nanites killing the Venati, “That’s it,” she said excitedly, “Lisa, Kate, I don’t think we can be infected.” Just to be sure, Jenny prepared herself and phased off her helmet. Each moment that passed made her feel uneasy and want to phase her helmet back on, but she persisted and didn’t feel or come down with any symptoms. After a few minutes, she phased her helmet back on.
“Jenny,” Lisa called, “Come in. You there?”
“Yeah,” Jenny answered, “Just had to do a quick test.”
“I think I can break free and join you.” Lisa said, “There’s only a few of them now. If these things are not that fast or strong I can probably make them drop me, and then I can make a run for it.”
“It could work,” Kate said, “I’ll open the door while Jenny and I provide cover as you join us.”
“Doable,” Jenny said, “Lisa, you got that?”
“Got it,” Lisa said.
Jenny joined Kate at the end of the hall opposite of the door. She phased out her pistol, and they both pointed their weapons at the door, “Lisa,” Jenny called, “Ready when you are.”
“Here goes nothing,” Lisa said, as she phased out her pistol and wiggled violently until her feet touched the floor. She easily pushed away and fired, “On my way.”
Kate remotely opened the door with her suit, and she and Jenny open fired on any infected coming in. Everyone aimed for the head.
Lisa ran around the reception desk and went upstairs, “Almost there.” she said.
Jenny and Kate kept firing to cover Lisa as she ran through the doorway and joined them
Kate sealed the door again, and they were all safe.
“Lisa,” Jenny called, “Are you ok?”
Lisa stood up and looked at her blood-covered suit, “It’s not my blood,” she said, “I should be ok,” She walked over to Jenny and pat her on the shoulder, “Thank you and Kate for helping me out. Go ahead, make the call. You figured this out.”
“Really,” Jenny said, “Thanks, Lisa. Pvt. Jenny Nguyen to Nightingale. Pvt. Jenny Nguyen to Nightingale. Most locals have been infected and are hostile. Nanites are required to come down to Aurora V. Repeat. Myrmidons and anyone with nanites may come down. Possible first contact scenario. Repeat. Possible first contact scenario.”
MAJOR TOM
In 2996.
“Of course there is a margin of error,” Amy said, “It cannot be one hundred percent accurate. We may never know exactly what was said, but as they say, history belongs to the victors. I am sure it all happened over a longer period of time too, but you get the gist of it.”
David didn’t mind the story much, “Isn’t there a way off this hunk-o-junk,” he asked, “There has to be a way home.”
Amy processed some information, “There is a way, but you may not like it.” she said.
“We have to try something,” David said.
Amy walked towards the gaping hole in the ship, “It is better if we go through this one step at a time,” she said, “You remember Anthony?” 
“PFC. Anthony Azande,” David replied, “Sure, what about him?”
“He collects suits,” Amy said, “There is a Phase type I / EXO suit in his locker nearby. You need to get to it and phase it on.”
David got up and held out his hand, “Lead the way.” he said.
Amy stepped out and walked down the corridor like nothing. David was more careful and suspicious of his surroundings. His boots worked wonderfully, but it was still nerve-wracking to think they might suddenly give out and he’d go floating.
“Tell me,” David began, “Are you the same Amy as on the Unity?”
“We all look the same,” Amy said, “However, our experiences will differ. It is hard to explain. On a ship like the Unity, we’re all the same.”
“So you were the same Amy on the Unity until we left? David asked.
“Yes,” Amy answered, “We all shared our combined knowledge until we separated, and I retained that knowledge, but right now there’s another Amy on Unity and other ships with their own experiences.”
“Will you lose that experience if you reconnect with Unity?” David asked.
“No,” Amy replied, “We incorporate our experiences and learn from each other.”
“Will you be the same, though?” David asked.
“Not necessarily,” Amy answered, “I will be an updated model with all the experiences of the others and new knowledge.”
“I couldn’t do it,” David said, “I know it’s a good thing, sharing your knowledge and experience, but not at the cost of being me.”
“Maybe it’s because I’m a simulation,” Amy said, “I am sure I would feel differently if I were human.”
They came to another long corridor that was dotted with hull breaches.
“This should be no sweat,” Amy said, “You just float through and the locker room is in the next compartment.”
The corridor suddenly looked a lot longer to David, “There has to be some other way around this.” he said.
“Sorry,” Amy said, “The only way is through. Just exhale or hyperventilate and close your eyes before you pass a breach. None of them are long enough to cause any permanent damage as long as you pass through.”
“That’s easy for you to say,” David said, “You’re a simulation. You don’t need air.”
“You are a Myrmidon,” Amy said, “You will be ok.”
David approached the first breach. 
“Remember to deactivate your boots,” Amy said, “Do not breathe. I will be waiting on each side. You will hear me when it is safe.”
David watched as Amy dematerialized and rematerialize in a safe, different location. It was at that moment he wished he were a simulation. He deactivated his boots, closed his eyes, and exhaled deeply before stepping through. He used the thrusters on his boots to propel himself. It was scary at first; not being able to see or breathe.
Amy stopped David from moving on the other side and said, “You are ok now. You made it through the first one.”
David opened his eyes and breathed.
“That was easy,” Amy said, “That was only a two-second one. The next is eight seconds across; the longest, but now you know what to expect. Just keep using your thrusters and you will cross, no sweat.”
David nodded, he was already floating. He inched himself closer and began to purposely hyperventilate to expel excess air. He carefully aimed himself, closed his eyes, and went.
Amy dematerialized and rematerialized where she needed to be. When David arrived, she caught him, “That was not so bad,” she said, “Was it?”
David looked at Amy, “Said the computer.” he chuckled.
“The rest are not as long,” Amy said, “If you can do this one you can do the rest. We will do them just like we did this one.”
David crossed the breaches and Amy was there every time. He finally got to the other end of the corridor.
“Done,” Amy said, “You crossed the last one.”
David continued on, “Must be nice,” he said, “Being a computer. You don’t breathe, eat, or sleep.”
“Or suffer an injury like you,” Amy added.
“Rub it in why don’t cha?” David jokingly asked.
“I try not to think about it.” Amy replied, entering the next room with David, “Here we are. This one.” She pointed.
David opened the locker and there it was; Anthony’s suit.
“Even if he’s alive,” Amy said, “I am sure he won’t mind.”
David phased in the suit and phased it on.
“Best way back,” Amy began, “Is up one deck and across an enormous breach into another breach and down one deck.”
David was a little shocked, “Wha…”
“It is ok,” Amy said, “You’ve got the suit. Every suit has CBRN defenses.”
CBRN stood for chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear.
“This particular suit was made to go in space,” Amy said, “It will provide air and I can upload to the suit’s mainframe and show you the way. You only see my projection on the HUD and you’ll be able to hear me.”
David moved on, “This just keeps getting better.” he said. He went up the stairs like he was supposed to and followed Amy.
When the door opened, the breach was already there. With the suit on, breathing was a seamless transition. Amy dematerialized as she uploaded herself to the suit.
“Now go straight,” Amy said.
“I hear you,” David assured as he went off. It was neat to be outside breathing. The view of the moon was incredible.
Amy could tell where the helmet was looking, “Stay focused if you want to get out of here.” she said.
David continued on as Amy appeared on his HUD and pointed the way.
“It is just a little further,” Amy said.
David kept going until Amy said otherwise.
“This breach,” Amy pointed, “Enter it and go down the stairs to the communication center.”
AMBUSH
Samantha, with her shotgun, moved slowly through the narrow corridor, and into a big room with a large statue in the middle.
“Believe it or not,” Anjum said, “This chamber opens up to a second floor. It’s hard to notice because the glyphs blend in so well, but there is a narrow pathway with a low wall circling this entire room.”
“You’re right about the glyphs blending in so well,” Jenny said, “You can’t even notice the floor above us.”
Peyton looked to the dr., “Very nice, but which way out?” he asked.
“Shortest way is that way,” Anjum pointed.
“Sam, go,” Peyton said, “Anthony, cover us.”
Samantha entered the pathway and went slowly with everyone else behind, following in line. She came to a corner and rounded it, literally bumping face-to-face with an AFU soldier doing the same thing.
The AFU soldier was with a large group of others.
Samantha reacted faster and shot the AFU soldier while backpedaling. Everyone scrambled to go back and get out the corridor.
Samantha fired over and over as she got out of the corridor. Peyton and Jenny provided cover.
Anthony noticed more AFU soldiers coming through another passage, “We got company.” he said, firing on them.
Peyton looked, “Dr., we need another way out.” he urgently said.
“This way,” Anjum said, leading them to safety. The Horsemen followed the dr. into another passage. They kept the AFU at bay with their weapons.
“Anthony,” Peyton called, “Seal this way up.”
“You got it, sir,” Anthony replied, phasing out and arming several grenades. He dropped them as he went, causing enough damage to the structure that the passage collapsed with debris and rubble blocking the way.
Inside another room, Peyton looked around to see if everyone was there, “Now, where do we go?” he asked.
“There’s a stairway going up,” Anjum said, “We have to take it and double back.”
“That room is flooded with AFU soldiers by now,” Peyton said.
“We’ll be safe on the second floor,” Anjum said, “We just stick close to the low wall and they’ll never see us sneaking by.”
“It could work,” Samantha said, “My radar didn’t pick up that AFU soldier.”
“Doesn’t mean their radar won’t detect us,” Peyton said.
“Are you kidding,” Samantha asked, “That soldier I bumped into was just as surprised as me. I’m pretty sure their radars don’t work either.”
“Good point,” Peyton said, “Then we better hurry before they find some solution and trap us.”
Anjum immediately found the staircase going up, “Over here,” she said, “Come on.”
The Horsemen followed the Dr. after Anthony laid some explosives set to go off should the AFU get through.
On the second floor, the Horsemen could see the low wall was thick and about hip-high. Upon entering the room, each ducked and shuffled as fast as they could.
Peyton turned to Samantha as she passed, “The Dr. may need a weapon.” he said.
Samantha phased out an SMG and handed it to Anjum, “Here, just squeeze the trigger.” she said.
Peyton looked to Anjum, “Wait by the door,” he said, “Horsemen, take a corner.”
“What are you doing?” Anjum asked.
“Hopefully,” Peyton said, as he shuffled away, “Buy us some time and maybe deter them from following us.”
Each of the Horsemen took a corner and waited for further instruction.
Peyton peeked over and saw what he expected; a bunch of AFU soldiers gathering around. Thankfully, their attention was focused on the blocked passage and no one saw him. He ducked back down and adjusted the HUDs viewing mode to see the soldiers without peeking over the wall.
“Ok everyone, switch to aura view,” Peyton said, “You can’t make out details, but you’ll get an idea of where they're standing. On my mark, we each drop a grenade and fire down on the soldiers below. Jenny, you and I will drop smoke grenades. Sam, you and Anthony drop standard grenades.”
“Yes, sir.” they each replied.
Peyton phased a grenade out and readied it, “Mark.” he said.
The Horsemen turned around and looked over the wall, dropping their grenades and firing on the soldiers below. They each adjusted their view to easily see through the smoke. It was mayhem as the AFU soldiers were caught by surprise and didn’t know exactly how to retaliate. Most just fired upward and hoped they hit something.
The AFU soldiers missed and some hit the low wall. One tossed a grenade up that landed by Anthony, who didn’t see it until it was too late. All he could do was duck down in the fetal position. The grenade exploded, badly damaging one side of Anthony’s suit and injuring him.
“Anthony,” Peyton called, as ducked back down, “Come in. Do you read me, Anthony?”
“A grenade hit me,” Anthony said, leaning back and phasing his weapon in, “S…suits damaged. Can’t shoot or walk.”
“Maybe I can help him,” Jenny said, taking cover, “Not here, though.”
“Dr., take Sam and Jenny where we need to go,” Peyton said, going over to Anthony, “I’ll be right behind you.”
Anjum led Samantha and Jenny to another room and she waited by the door. Peyton lifted Anthony from behind the shoulders and dragged him. Peyton went until he spotted Anjum and followed her to safety. Anthony phased out several explosives and used them to seal up the pathway as he went.
Jenny hurried to Anthony and inspected his injury. Being a medic, she could phase off part or all of any suit to do her job, “I can’t do anything about the suit, but I can patch him up,” she said, going to work, “I just need a little time.”
“Dr., can we get out through here?” Peyton asked.
“Sure,” Anjum said, “It’s a little more scenic, but we can get out.”
Anthony looked at Jenny worriedly and grabbed her, “I’m not gonna die, am I?”
“Not if I can help it,” Jenny said, “The suits pretty damaged, but you’ll be walking and shooting in no time.”
Anthony was somewhat relieved but he couldn’t imagine that he was injured. He was almost mad at himself and felt like he was slowing the group down.
“Anthony,” Jenny said, “I need to inject you with a sedative. You’re not dying, just going to sleep.”
Anthony nodded in agreement and Jenny applied the sedative. He slowly dozed off thinking of his wound and had a dream about a mission he had one year earlier.
DEATH
In 2995, then Pvt. Anthony Azande was taking a class in demolitions. He entered a room and had a seat with a few other classmates. Others soon joined him. His instructor, Wayne, walked in last. Wayne had short, black hair and blue eyes.
“Welcome everyone,” Wayne said, “I hope you’ve been paying attention because today we’re going to defuse a bomb. I’ll take you to the holosuite and run a simulation. Your job will be to find the bomb in the building and diffuse it in the time allotted. The building and scenario are different for each person, so telling each other where the bomb is won’t help. We’ll be doing this in alphabetical order, so Anthony, you’re the first victim.”
Anthony stood and followed Wayne to the holosuite. The room was empty.
“Ready,” Wayne asked, “Use whatever you got to succeeded.”
A four-story building materialized.
“Go,” Wayne said.
Anthony ran towards the building, phasing his suit on.
Inside, Anthony immediately switched his visor to x-ray mode to see through objects. He noticed it looked like an office building, desks, partitions, and file cabinets were everywhere. There were dead and injured people lying around. One flashed the number four with his fingers and pointed to stairs going up, indicating where Anthony should go. When he got to the top he saw some partitions had been arranged in a barricade fashion. A gunshot rang out, hitting the floor near him and causing Anthony to take cover behind some desks. He thought about absorbing the shots, but couldn’t risk other people getting hurt.
“That’s far enough,” a man shouted, “You can’t stop me!”
“Hold on,” Anthony pleaded, “What’s your name, and what do you want?”
“Name’s Kaczynski,” he answered, “I was going for a promotion, but I get the feeling that’s not going to happen now, so I’ll just take this building.”
“Call me Anthony,” he said, “Listen; you don’t need to do this.”
“Yes I do,” Kaczynski replied, “Since I’m a nice guy and in such a good mood, I’ll give you a choice. To either side of me is a room. One room has a bunch of people in it. The other has one has a little girl. Both doors are sealed with a bomb that’ll blow this place sky-high, and you only have enough time to disarm one.”
Anthony looked and could see the rooms. With his visor, he was able to tell people were inside. Actually, he didn’t really need a special mode; the rooms were lined with frosted windows, allowing him to see everyone’s silhouette, “A little girl,” he said in disbelief, “How’d you get a little girl, and who is she?
“I don’t know,” Kaczynski answered, “Bring your kid to work day I guess. You got five minutes.”
“Can we talk about this?” Anthony asked. His answer was the sound of a single gunshot. He quickly looked through the barricade with his visor and noticed a body no longer moving. His visor gave him some general readings on a person’s vitals; it had to be Kaczynski, he was dead.
Anthony got up and ran to the room with a lot of people. There was no way to open the door without setting off the bomb. He couldn’t just phase it in; the explosion would be enough to break the zero-space barrier and kill him, failing the test. Using his visor, he could see the innards of the device; it was two bombs in one.
Anthony phased out an air cutter; a device that looked like a pen that lit up at one end, and created air pressure to cut. He used it to cut an opening in the shell and cut a wire to render the first bomb inert. 
‘One down, one to go,’ Anthony thought. The next bomb was a little more complex. He had to use the air cutter to get to it. Once there, he phased out a soldering kit and a defuser chip. The defuser chip resembled a small computer chip. He had to unsolder a chip to solder the defuser chip on.
Now the bomb was disarmed. Anthony kicked the door open and yelled, “Everyone, outside and to the front,” he said, “Help anyone who needs it.”
Anthony ran to the next bomb it was the same, but it had taken some time to defuse it. He knew he didn’t have time so he phased it in and kicked the door open. Using the inertia from kicking the door to gain momentum, he quickly ran and jumped through a glass window.
As Anthony fell, he turned upright and landed as though he’d been beamed down. The simulation was over.
“You’re dead,” Wayne said, “Still, you managed to disarm one of the bombs, therefore you pass.”
Anthony didn’t say anything and held his head down as he left.
“It doesn’t matter if it was a simulation,” Wayne asked, “Does it?”
Anthony stopped.
“You didn’t hesitate to phase that bomb in,” Wayne said.
“I wanted to win, sir,” Anthony replied.
“You won,” Wayne said, “I knew you could disarm it. You can disarm any bomb. That’s why I gave you this test. It wasn’t about disarming a bomb; it was about making a choice. You made a choice even I wasn’t expecting. You did win and saved a lot of lives at the cost of your own, failing the test technically. I’m just glad you’re on our side. Go ahead and get some R&R. See you tomorrow.”
Anthony stepped out and pepped up; realizing he’d finished the test and passed. Before, he felt like a failure, but Wayne had erased that. He and everyone else knew what he’d do in real life with confidence.
In the rec room, Anthony sat down and used a remote to turn on and switch the TV to an episode of his favorite show. During the show, he dozed off. Later, someone playing pool broke so hard that he woke up. He noticed one of his nodes flashing and phased out a message.
Right away Anthony could see it was top secret. He turned off the TV and headed out; it was more for assurance that nobody was looking. The message just had a place and time to meet. Anthony looked at the clock in his message reader. He only had a few minutes to get to his destination.
It was an office Anthony was supposed to go to. By the time he got there, a woman with red, shoulder-length hair and blue eyes was entering. There was no going back now; she saw him. He entered the office and stood at attention by her. It was dim. Sitting down were two men, obscured by the shadows.
“Introductions first,” the one behind a desk said, “From the location, you probably guessed that I’m General Coopermen. Kristy, meet Anthony. Anthony, Kristy. The gentleman sitting by my desk, from intel is Mr. Vega. He’ll tell you why you were brought here.”
“Serpenz,” Vega began, “I’m sure you’re both familiar with them, and if not, you will be.”
Anthony had only seen a Serpenz in pictures. They looked like a cross between frogs and alligators, humanoid and multicolored. A little bit bigger than a human and stronger.
“There are two factions,” Vega said, “One, the Gretites, want nothing to do with humans, going so far as to say we’ve invaded some of their territories, and they are threatening us with war if we don’t relinquish them right away.”
“We don’t want a war if it’s avoidable.” General (Gen.) Coopermen said.
“The other faction, the Frenix,” Vega continued, “Is much more open to us. We’ve been in contact with them, and they’re willing to deal with us, trade with us, and more importantly recognize our territory.”
“This next part is important,” Coopermen said, “So focus.”
“The Frenix,” Vega said, “Is willing to go war to seize power,” He then placed two photos of Serpenz on the desk in front of Anthony and Kristy, “This is where you two come in. The one with blue spots is the leader of the Gretites. His general is the one with the eyepatch. The Frenix have provided us with a shuttle and the location of a meeting that they set up with the Gretites under false pretense. You two are to go in and take these two out. Special suits have been made for this operation. They have holo-emitters on them, so you’ll look like Serpenz. Kristy, take the leader. Anthony, you got the general.”
“A lots riding on this,” Coopermen said, “Don’t let us down.”
SERPENZ
Anthony sat on his bed. He shook with some nervousness and excitement. It was an assassination mission. He just had to collect his sniper rifle and pick up his new suit. After that, it was off to the docks.
In the shuttle, Kristy was already waiting for him, “Ready,” she said, “This things set to autopilot.”
Anthony sat, “Let’s get started then.” he said.
The shuttle lifted off and headed for its destination.
Anthony and Kristy phased out their assignments and read them, “Looks like we’re going to a swamp.” Anthony said.
“I have a little experience in a swamp environment,” Kristy said, “You?”
“No,” Anthony said, “This isn’t my first mission, though.”
Kristy leaned over with a map of the area, “We can set up here and take our shots.” she said.
Anthony studied the map for a moment, “Ok with me,” he said, “Let’s try to time our shots so we fire simultaneously.”
“Ok,” Kristy replied, “Fine by me. I’m going on vacation after this. What about you? What are you gonna do?”
“Probably just finish up demo school,” Anthony said, “Where are you going?”
“Rena IV,” Kristy answered, “The whole planet is like one big paradise. There’s no end to what you can do there.”
“I’ve heard about it,” Anthony said, “Sounds like a beautiful place. I might have to visit someday.”
“How’s demo school?” Kristy asked.
“I like it,” Anthony responded, “It can be tricky at times. You never know if you’re doing the right thing.”
“Sounds stressful,” Kristy said, “I took sniper school. Found myself good at it and just stuck with it. Ever since then, it’s been one assignment after another.”
“I know how it can be,” Anthony said, “Things have slowed down for me since demo school, but I suspect things will get a lot busier when I finish.”
“Do you look forward to it?” Kristy asked.
Anthony chuckled, “I look forward to finishing school,” he said, “A small part of me isn’t looking forward to the amount of work afterward.”
Kristy giggled a bit, “You’ll be fine,” she said, “Otherwise, they wouldn’t have picked you for this mission.”
The shuttle flew on for a few hours before finally reaching its destination.
“Let’s phase on our disguises and move out,” Kristy said as the shuttle landed.
Anthony and Kristy phased on their suits and activated their disguises. They were optically indistinguishable from other Serpenz.
“Disguises are working,” Anthony said.
Kristy made sure the lips on Anthony’s disguise were moving with accuracy, “How’s my disguise?” she asked.
 “It’s ok,” Anthony said, “I don’t see anything wrong.”
“Then follow me,” Kristy said, leading the way.
Outside, Anthony and Kristy covered up their shuttle a bit with branches and leaves. It was swampy with a lot of foliage. Kristy led them to an area with a lot of fallen trees and a canopy, not high overhead. It was well covered and had a perfect view of the meeting area, “This is it,” Kristy said, phasing out her weapon and lying in a prone position, “Hurry, they’re starting to show up.”
Anthony phased out his weapon and lay next to Kristy, waiting for his target.
A Serpenz keeping lookout suddenly descended upon them, landing on top of Kristy. Anthony quickly got up to help his partner but was pushed back by the Serpenz.
Kristy couldn’t get up with the Serpenz’s weight on her. She was alright with the suit on until she felt a sharp, searing pain in her arm; the Serpenz had stabbed her with his knife and retracted it. Kristy grunted in pain.
Anthony got back up and tackled the Serpenz. The two wrestled along a tree until Anthony phased out his star lance and killed the Serpenz with a stab to the side. He hurried back to Kristy, “You ok?” he asked.
“My arm,” Kristy said, “I can’t shoot. Quick, take both targets out.”
Anthony got down in the prone position and looked. The Serpenz were still unaware of their presence. The targets soon arrived via shuttle.
Anthony looked for the targets among the Serpenz. He figured they were either bodyguards or soldiers because of the weapons they were brandishing. The general came into view and then the leader. Now he was sure both targets were in the area and waited for a clear shot.
The general would need to be first because of his combat experience. He wasn’t a general for nothing. As he stood in a good spot, Anthony took his shot. The general went down like a sack of potatoes, and Anthony’s area came under fire.
Anthony quickly searched for the leader. He had to use a vision mode called divulgation; it was like an x-ray, but this saw through objects instead of tissue. He spotted someone behind a tree. Although he couldn’t be sure it was the target, the leader was nowhere else to be seen.
Anthony aimed and fired. The power of his rifle easily sent the bullet through the tree and found its target. When the body slumped over, he could see past the tree that it was the leader.
A shuttle came for the remaining Serpenz survivors and left.
Anthony helped Kristy to her feet and stayed by her all the way to their shuttle.
Kristy grunted in pain.
“You’ll be alright,” Anthony said, “Think about Rena IV. I’m gonna get you out of here and we’ll get you patched up.”
Anthony uncovered the shuttle while Kristy entered. Once it was uncovered, he entered and they took off.
COMING HOME
Back in 2996 aboard what was left of the Tiberius.
“You want me to do what?” David asked in disbelief.
“Jump,” Amy said.
“From way up here,” David asked, “You’re nuts.”
“It is not as bad as you think,” Amy said, “You can do it.”
“Go ahead,” An angry David said, as he sat, “Keep it up. You’re doing a great job at convincing me. I just might do it.”
“You’ve got a Phase suit,” Amy said.
“An old Phase suit.” David countered.
“David please,” Amy began, “Before the Phase suits, there were the Gaiden suits. Before the Gaiden there was the Thesian, Vector, Mongol, Amazon, Zyger, and Warlord.”
David pointed to his butt, “You see this ass,” he asked, “It likes gravity. It ain’t going nowhere. What’s your point?”
“My point,” Amy said, “Is that exo-atmospheric insertion was perfected long ago.”
“Can you guarantee everything will go without a hitch?” David asked.
Amy knew to lie and make David feel better, but then she’d be lying, “No,” she answered.
“Thought so,” David said, “This old suit won’t make it.”
Amy quickly processed information, “Records show you have done it before in training,” she said, “Why not now?”
“Because it’s an old suit,” David said, “Plus, we’re a lot higher and that was a long time ago.”
“True,” Amy said, “However, think of it this way; you will have the highest recorded jump in history.”
“Yeah,” David added, “At the end, it’ll say ‘did not end well’.”
Amy wasn’t about to give up. She couldn’t, she was a computer simulation, “I am going to tell you something,” she said, “The truth is that with everything I know, you will make it. I cannot feel like you do, but I do know you sometimes need to take risks, even if it might cost you your life. I cannot promise you anything, but I can tell you this; if you jump, everyone will know you did everything you could to survive. Think of your wife”
David calmed down and thought a moment, “Amy,” he said, “What’s the status of the suit?”
“Phase everything on and I will check,” Amy said, “Why?”
“I’ll go for it,” David said, standing and walking over to some consoles while phasing the suit on, “I’m going to jump.”
“Excellent!” Amy said, as she uploaded herself to the suit and just as quickly came out, “Done, the suit is in perfect condition.”
“What am I looking at once I jump?” David asked.
“There’s a little debris,” Amy answered, “Nothing that will be a problem for your thruster boots. If it makes you feel better I can go with, controlling the thrusters, providing trajectory data on your HUD, and I can make course corrections.”
“If you can go,” David said, “You’re going. I’m not leaving you behind.”
Amy uploaded to the mainframe and came back out, “There, I made it so when this light comes on, you go.”
“Amy,” David said, “Can I land anywhere?”
“Just about,” Amy answered, “What did you have in mind?”
“Home,” David replied, “I’m not just talking about Earth. I want to go home to my wife.”
Amy processed some information, “Sure,” she said, “We will have to wait a little bit for it to come up, and then you can go. I just need a moment to recalibrate the light.”
David waited for Amy to come back and upload to the suit. He worked a comm. console a bit, “This is Major David Peter Thomas,” he said, “Repeat. This is Major Tom. Serial number: PV-801. If you are receiving this, please, tell my wife I love her.”
David had a seat and heard Amy through the suit, “All we have to do now is wait,” she said, “Your wife must be very important. Tell me about your family.”
David didn’t have to think much about his own family, they were constantly on his mind, especially now, “My parents passed away in an accident,” he began, “My son and daughter have grown up and moved on. My daughter, Janina, visits often. I haven’t seen my son, Duncan, in almost a year. My wife, Jane, lives with me at our house on the farm.”
“What is she like?” Amy asked.
David chuckled at the thought, “Beautiful,” he started, “Funny, strong, very superstitious, but smart.”
“No pets?” Amy asked.
David shook his head, “Had a dog,” he said, “Went with the daughter.”
“What is the first thing you’re going to do when you get home?” Amy asked, trying to keep David’s mind on going.
“After I kiss the ground,” David replied, “Give Jane a big hug.”
“Favorite hobby?” Amy asked.
“Going to karaoke bars and singing,” David answered.
“You, a singer,” Amy said, “I would never have guessed.”
David nodded, “That’s how I met Jane.” he said.
“What else is not in your files?” Amy asked.
“Starships,” David said, “I recently started to collect and build model starships.”
“What about Jane,” Amy asked, “What does she like to do?”
“Dance,” David answered, “Sometimes she’ll dance alone and I’ll just watch. I’d like to be able to do that right now.”
“That is good,” Amy said, “Get ready to do all that again. It is almost time.”
David stood, suited and ready to go. He walked to the edge of the breach. The only thing between him and space was a force field. The view of the Earth below was something else. It sent a shiver up his spine.
“You see that last console,” Amy asked, “The one nearest us? When you see a green light that is your signal to go.”
“You wouldn’t happen to have a stiff drink would you?” David jokingly asked.
“Sorry,” Amy replied, “When you are home, you can have as many as you want. Just pass that force field after you see the light, aim for Earth, and I will do the rest.”
David watched and waited for the light. For him, it seemed to take forever. When it finally did turn green, he went through the force field and headed for Earth.
“Here we go,” Amy said, as she activated the thrusters, moving David faster and faster, “Try not to be scared. I am a computer. I can make these course corrections faster than you think.”
“I don’t really have a choice now, do I,” David said, watching the HUD and the debris Amy narrowly dodged. He could never react as fast, and shut his eyes in prayer, “I’m already going and you’re the one in control.”
“Trust me,” Amy said, “We are almost through. After that, it is pretty much a straight shot.”
David and Amy passed the debris and headed home.
“You might need to shut your eyes or engage the visor’s shield for this,” Amy said, “We are going to hit the atmosphere and it is going to get bright with the heat.”
“Beat you to it,” David said, “My eyes are already closed.” He hit the atmosphere and went down like he was skydiving.
Jane walked out on the porch and saw what looked like a shooting star, not realizing it was David. She clasped her hands together and wished to see her husband again.
David landed in a field not far from his home. He still made a nice size crater and sent up a plume of dirt.
“David, we made it,” Amy said, “You can open your eyes.”
I’ll BE WAITING
Anthony was back on his feet, picking up the rear.
“Anthony,” Peyton called, “How are you holding up?”
Bandages could be seen, even if Anthony had a visible suit, “I’m doing fine,” he said, “If it weren’t for the suit I’d be dead.”
“Suits,” a concerned Peyton said, “Tell me about the suits.”
“Alright,” Anthony said, feeling the damage to his, “The Phase line started with the first generation or 1ST. They used zero-space tech. Further improvements led to the second generation or NXT. They could beam down or up using light beams. The third generation, the series 3 or SRS3 was made to testbed energy technology hence the star lance. The fourth generation is also known as the cuatro or CTO has the main selling point of invisibility tech. You’re wearing a suit, but no one can see it. The CTO is supposed to lead up to the X5, but even I’ve only heard rumors about it?”
“What have you heard?” Peyton asked.
“It’s supposed to be the last generation,” Anthony replied, “It uses energy tech to render everything, including the wearer invisible. It uses energy-based weapons and it has a jetpack.”
“That’s neat,” Jenny added.
“That’s not all,” Anthony said, “I’ve also heard that it’ll have limited self-reparability and be upgradeable on the fly for new modules and kits.”
Peyton wondered at the possibilities, “If we had the X5 now,” he said, “This mission would be a breeze.”
“The door out should be in the next room,” Anjum said, between Peyton and Jenny.
Samantha led the way.
“Be careful,” Peyton said, “The AFU is probably right outside.”
Samantha didn’t have to wait long. The last room had some structures, equipment, and AFU soldiers. She opened fired at one of the soldiers and took cover with the Horsemen and the Dr.
The structures and equipment were big enough to provide cover even though most were only hip-high.
 AFU soldiers came from outside and another room. 
“We have to push our way out,” Peyton said.
Everyone was firing, even the Dr. The Horsemen switched cover to avoid fire and move into better positions.
“Dr.,” Peyton called, “Shoot only if you have to, otherwise stay down. Horsemen, keep pushing.”
AFU soldiers tried to push back and overwhelm the Horsemen, but it didn’t work.
Cover by cover, the Horsemen slowly fought their way outside. There they threw grenades, killing many AFU soldiers.
In orbit along with the Goliath, the Tyrant and her crew were busy trying to get her going.
“CDR. Ried,” Edict called on his communicator, “What’s your status?”
“We’re doing ok,” Kadala replied, “There’s massive damage to the zeta thrusters. It’ll take a few days for me to fix and even that’s pushing it.”
“We don’t have a few days,” Edict said, “Send over the parts they need so we can get back to Earth.”
“Adm.,” QM. Ledder called, “The Gen. aboard the Goliath has taken a Zetex gunship and is heading down to Zera IV to assist the soldiers.”
“Can we call him?” Edict asked.
QM. Ledder tried, “Negative,” he said, “No communications, as in,  he isn’t replying.”
“He’s on his own then.” Edict said.
Outside the temple, the Horsemen took cover behind the numerous statues. Anthony saw they were next to the field they’d seen earlier.
“Anthony,” Peyton called, “Make a clearing for the shuttle.”
Anthony phased out a powerful explosive and threw it.
The explosion knocked down a few trees with its power. The gunship came down and fired upon them. The Horsemen were safe as long they hid between the statues. With AFU soldiers coming out of the temple on one side and the gunship on the other, the Horsemen were trapped.
“Sam,’ Peyton called, “Jenny, hit that gunship with your missiles.”
Jenny phased out her missile launcher and peeked out. She aimed and fired.
The impact shook the gunship and its shields flared up.
Samantha had phased out her missile launcher and lined up a shot. Her missile also struck the gunship, but this time, the shields didn’t flare-up.
“That’s it,” Samantha said, “We’re are all out.”
Peyton phased out his missile launcher, took aim, and fired.
The gunship then erupted in a huge explosion. When it was all over it was nothing but a flaming pile of debris.
Peyton signaled for the shuttle and returned fire at the AFU soldiers.
It took a minute for the shuttle to arrive.
“Everyone,” Peyton called, “Get aboard the shuttle.”
First, Anjum got on. Then, Anthony and Jenny. It was then Samantha noticed Peyton wasn’t coming.
Peyton stood by the statues, shooting at the enemy.
“Sir.,” Samantha called, “Come on!”
“Go,” Peyton said, “I’ll cover you. I don’t need someone to take the shuttle out like we did that gunship.”
Samantha hesitated, “Peyton,” she said.
“Please,” Peyton responded, “Get the Dr. to safety. Finish the mission.”
Samantha entered and the shuttle took off. Through a window as the shuttle left, she saw Peyton fighting his way back into the temple.
“He stayed behind,” Anjum asked, “Just like that?”
Samantha nodded, “He did it for us.” she replied.
“I just need a new suit,” Anthony said, “Then I’m ready to go.”
“We are going back for him, right?” Jenny asked.
“If he’s alive,” Samantha said, “I’ll mount the rescue mission myself.”
“Count us in,” Anthony said.
Jenny nodded in agreement.
The shuttle rapidly ascended, flying to the asteroid field and docked with the Saratoga.
“We got the shuttle.” ops said.
“Helm,” Ford called, “Get us out of this ring and plot a course for Earth. Engage the graviton drive as soon as you can. I’m going to the shuttle to speak to the Dr.”
Ford got up to leave.
“Capt.,” comm. called before Ford could leave the room, “Just in. It’s Zera IV, ma’am. It’s a beacon. One of ours. We’re getting a signal.”

~~~~

Thank you for reading. The End.

###

ABOUT THE AUTHOR
I was born in 1981 and raised in Aurora, IL. Much of my childhood and school days are a blur. It all seemed to go by so fast. I began writing after high school. I wrote in private because I didn’t think anyone would believe I was a writer. I wrote for years with little going on and carrying on with life until I had a stroke.
My focus in writing has always been sci-fi/fantasy. My inspiration for this story has been (in no particular order) Star Trek, Star Wars, Guyver, our illustrious military, and a whole lot of pseudoscience. I think the great thing about being human is that we can have our cake and eat it too. We can like both Star Trek and Star Wars. Most people prefer one or the other and that’s ok, but why not admit to liking both? I think Star Trek represents a future we hope for and Star Wars represents a future we want.
Follow me on Twitter Jose Rodriguez (@JoseRod74866629) / Twitter
