

One Small Leap…

The Mike Mason Story


As told to Craig Stevens

This is a work of fiction.  Similarities to real people, places, or events are entirely coincidental.

One Small Leap…The Mike Mason Story

 Third Edition.  November, 2020.

Copyright © 2020 Craig Stevens

Written by Craig Stevens
Table of Contents

Copyright Page
Dedication
Acknowledgements
Introduction
Chapter 1	| How it All Began
Chapter 2	| Build, Build…a Barn?
Chapter 3	| More Theories
Chapter 4	| Test, Test, Test
Chapter 5	| How Not to Build a Spaceship
Chapter 6	| Space…Really?!
Chapter 7	| That’s One Small Leap…
Chapter 8	| Space Truckin’
Chapter 9	| Red Sky in Morn’
Chapter 10	| Nosy People
Chapter 11	| Rocks in Space
Chapter 12	| Nosier People
Chapter 13	| Next Stop – Saturn
Chapter 14	| Bad Guys Suck
Chapter 15	| Wheelin’ and Dealin’
Chapter 16	| Jail Break!
Chapter 17	| Recovery
Chapter 18	| Go Here, Go There
Chapter 19	| Time is…Relative?
Chapter 20	| All Good Things…
Epilogue
Author Profile


For Cheryl – Always and Forever


Acknowledgements

Cover photograph of Proxima Centauri taken by the Hubble Space Telescope is courtesy of NASA and the Space Telescope Science Institute.  Author’s note:  Proxima Centauri is the closest known star to our own - 4.2 light years away.


Introduction

Hello, in the summer of 2016 I was in North Carolina writing a novel that still hasn’t been completed when a longtime friend of mine by the name of Mike Mason made an unexpected visit.  He told me that he had a story to tell, all of which he claimed to be the absolute truth.  I knew Mike to be an honest man, so I agreed to hear him out.  Over the course of the next six days he described to me a most amazing story.  What follows is that story as told by him, with only minimal editing by me.

Chapter 1

How It All Began

Hey folks, I know you're probably going to think this is crazy but everything you read here is real, it all happened, really.
Now that I have that out of the way, let me tell you what happened, how it happened, when it happened and where it happened.
My name is Mike Mason; you might recognize me from my much more famous father, Major Matt Mason, the well-known 60s era astronaut who flew on Gemini missions 2, 9B and Apollo 3.  As a child, because my father was an astronaut, I had access to the other astronauts that most people could only dream about.  I remember visiting many of the Gemini and Apollo astronauts with my family during cookouts and other events.  It was great fun for me to listen in on the conversations about past and future missions.  From all this exposure I developed my own love of space and a desire to travel beyond our earthly bounds.  This desire eventually became my driving obsession and more than anything I wanted to become an astronaut like my dad.  You can imagine my disappointment when I learned I had a very, very minor heart condition that would keep me firmly on the ground.
Even though my dream of being an astronaut was dashed I still had a keen interest in everything space related, especially concerning propulsion systems - the things that make spacecraft go.  In high school and then in college at Kenosha State College I dedicated myself to learning all I could about rocket engines and alternatives to the solid and liquid rockets used even now.
I did my postgraduate PhD studies at Evanston Technical University, not to be confused with Northwestern University; I could never get in that place.  I wasn't at the top of my class and I certainly wasn't the best doctoral candidate in the physics department, but I did graduate with my doctorate with an emphasis in astrophysical engineering.  One thing I was really good at was the mathematics and there's a lot of it in physics.  If any of you young people out there reading this want to be physicists you better make math a priority because that's what it's all about.  Oh, you need a good imagination too.  Can you imagine someone with no imagination coming up with something like String Theory?
While at Evanston I began to realize that conventional propulsion systems were fine for localized space travel near the earth and moon but beyond that something new would be needed.  Space is big and the distances are absolutely immense. To get to any celestial body beyond Mars really will require a radically new way of getting there.  While I worked on my doctorate I began developing equations for different methods of moving a spaceship.  I did a lot of brainstorming and wasted a lot of time on some kooky ideas.  All of my earlier ideas were based on the precept of making a faster engine to get from point A to point B; none of these ideas panned out so I shifted gears and started looking at unconventional methods.  I kept all of this to myself while at the university; the last thing I wanted was to be labeled a kook by the people who would be deciding whether I received my PhD.
When this all started, I was an assistant professor of physics at South Central Michigan Technical College.  The name is much more prestigious than it really is.  It's really just a community college with technical programs in small engine repair, auto mechanics, and home appliance repair, but they do have introductory classes in the physical sciences including physics and when you need a job like I did 20 years ago then you take what you can get.
The college is located about 25 miles south of Coldwater, next to a lake in the middle of nowhere.  It's a really pleasant location, the lake is beautiful in the summer and the colors in autumn are magnificent, a perfect setting for a college.  The area also had available an abandoned 200 acre farm with a barn, just what I wanted.  Hey, I'm a physicist and I like to tinker with things.
So a year after I received my PhD I got the job at South Central and that's when I started working on my space-time ideas in earnest.  Just like at Evanston, I kept them to myself because even physicists can be kicked out of colleges for having ideas that are just too whacky for the establishment to handle.
The teaching job gave me plenty of time to work on the mathematics of my ideas.  I started with Einstein's general relativity equations (can't go faster than the speed of light, remember?), integrated Maxwell's curved space concepts, considered the Lagrangian, came up with some new equations of my own based on chaos and string theory and after 10 dedicated years of work I came up with what I considered a workable and practical theory.  Practical theory for what you ask? Why, just instantaneous travel over vast distances of space of course.
I don't want to go into the particulars of the theory because it would bore you to tears and you'd stop reading - something I obviously don't want you to do.  Just know that once I got the mathematics right, I was as high as a kite for about a week.  My students at college thought I had been smoking the whacky weed I was so happy.  The head of the department even called me into his office to ask what was up.  I of course couldn't tell him the truth, so I gave him some crazy mumbo jumbo about figuring out a new way to extract helium from moon rocks.  Yeah, like I had any interest in that.
Funny thing about the department head, he's related, albeit distantly to Albert Einstein.  You'd think if you were related to Einstein, you'd have some really German sounding last name but nope, his was Williams.  Go figure.
Chapter 2

Build, Build...A Barn?

Once I had finalized the equations it was time to start turning theory into reality.  I had the barn on the property but knew it wasn't in any shape to use as it was mostly falling apart.  So, I hired some guys to knock it down and haul it all away.  They thought I was nuts paying them to remove it because they said the barn wood was worth money, but I didn't care about that, I just wanted it gone.
After the barn was gone, I hired an architect to design and build a barn-like building; I didn't want to draw unnecessary attention to the building, so I wanted it to look like it belonged there.  I even had it painted barn red and bought a farm tractor to complete the effect. During the construction none of the workers asked any questions about the building, it all made perfect sense to them to replace the old barn with a new one.
I actually did do some farming on the land to further disguise the intent of what I was doing.  I plowed and planted corn on the acreage near the road so if you were driving by you'd just see a cornfield.  For all intents and purposes, I was Farmer Mike!
With the visual deception out of the way it was time to get down to business inside the barn.  The first thing I needed was a laboratory to test the concepts I had formulated so I built out a clean room for experiments as well as a machine shop to create the hardware that would be necessary.  This part of the project was really fun because it allowed me to get my hands dirty with lots of manual labor, something we physicists don't get much of in our primary line of work.  I spent a good deal of time and money at the local home improvement store gathering the building materials and tools for the lab and shop.  By the time I was done with construction the folks at the store and I were on a first name basis.
I built the interior walls of the barn such that they could be rearranged easily.  To do this I built six-foot sections that could interconnect with one another using end connectors that could attach at 90-degree angles.  This way, I could adjust the rooms of the barn for whatever purpose I needed.  It also allowed me to utilize one building and not several.  This saved me a good deal of money in construction costs.  I wasn't penny pinching by any means; I just didn't want to sink a pile of money into the barn.  After all, the goal was to build a spaceship, not a fancy barn.
When I set up the clean room, I covered the ceiling with thick plastic sheeting since the ceiling would otherwise have been open to the barn roof.  The sheeting was an inexpensive solution to the need for a ceiling, especially when I wouldn't need one in the other rooms I would be utilizing, such as the machine shop and fabrication room.
I would be using a great deal of electricity during the testing and construction of the ship and rather than build outlets into each wall section I just wired the barn with four main junction boxes.  From each junction I could run any necessary power cables, most of which were 220 volts.  I cut holes in each wall section to allow the power cables to pass through.
By the time the clean room and machine shop were ready for use the barn looked like a mad scientist's dream come true with power cables running every which way.  I had to be careful with every step I took so as not to trip on a cable.  But the flexible building concept seemed to work and I was now ready to start on the testing phase of all those theories I had developed.  The moment of truth was coming closer when I would know whether I was completely whacko or indeed a man of great genius.  I already knew of course that I was a genius; this would just validate that.  Okay, so I'm an egomaniac, is that a problem?
Chapter 3

More Theories

After the construction of the barn was done I sat down and began to think more about the whole system design and came to a quick conclusion that I would need lots and lots of energy to make this thing happen, like gigawatts worth.  Crap, where was I going to get that kind of juice?  It seemed like the only way I was going to generate that sort of power would be by using nuclear fusion.  Yeah, I know what you're thinking, ‘sure Mike, now you're living on Fantasy Island because that isn’t going to happen'.
Oh ye of little faith, you must know, where there's a will there's a way.  And I certainly had the will.  So I did some brainstorming and then some research and came up with a possible way to make it all happen - a compact linear fusion reactor.  It really wasn't my idea as such, I took the concept from what a U.S. aerospace company announced a few years ago but I tweaked the concept to really generate some worthwhile power.  How did I do that you ask using that really skeptical tone?  It wasn't a simple thing but I came up with an idea to get the chain reaction really humming by blasting the plasma with a high energy directed photonic beam, you know, a laser, a really powerful one too.
This project just seemed to keep getting bigger and bigger, it wasn't as simple as just slapping some spare parts together and voila, super amazing spaceship is done.  There was a lot of really tough thinking and doing involved to get this thing working.
So now I had to build a laser igniter, oh great.  After another round of research I decided on a gamma ray laser as they're really high power.  Gamma ray lasers are very, very rare, as in, they were only theoretical at this point, so I decided to build my own.  It was a good thing I'm a physicist as I probably wouldn't have been able to acquire all the parts needed if I was just some Joe Schmo.  I had a good contact at an equipment supply house through my position at the college who I knew would be able to get me what I needed without lots of questions.  Hey, I'm a scientist man; I do stuff with this sort of equipment.
To go along with the laser I would need a power source just to get it running.  I decided to use a shielded thorium ball; this would provide me with the electrical power via the radioactive decay process.  The great thing about using thorium is that it's actually pretty common (you accumulate it in your body and don't even know it) and we use it a great deal in scientific labs, so it would be easy to obtain from the supply house.  I would also be able to use the thorium ball as a power source for the other electrical components on board the ship.  It was a real win-win!
There was one other matter I needed to get figured out too and that was propulsion for the ship when it wasn't doing its instantaneous travel thing.  I couldn't rely on standard propulsion used in rockets; I wasn't building a rocket.  Instead, I had to come up with something else.  This took a whole bunch more time with the thinking cap on to come up with some new theoretical ideas.
In the end I came up with a new way to look at gravity.  I started by using Einstein's gravity work and sort of turned it upside down if that makes any sense.  The idea was to develop a concept that would act sort of like magnets with the same polarity, opposite poles attract and like poles repel, but using gravity.  The idea was to create a field around the ship that would create negative gravity, pretty cool, huh?
I was able to come up with a theory that looked like it would work.  I'd have to test it of course but I was pretty confident I was on to something.  Okay, I wanted to think I was on to something.  One thing that it would require was a lot of power, no surprise there; everything always seemed to need lots of that stuff.  My solution would be to use the fusion reactor; that would definitely give me the juice I'd need.  One nice thing about the negative gravity drive or NGD as I began calling it, was that I would be able to control the re-entry into the Earth's atmosphere and not go plunging into it and burn up.  Re-entry is all about friction, which develops as a result of the unbelievably fast speeds at which spacecraft have always re-entered the atmosphere.  If you can slow that speed way down you don't have the friction so you don't burn up.  The one other piece to this scheme was the generator that would create the field to “modify space” as you will, to allow the ship to move from one point in space to another.  This is the gizmo that would need all the juice from the reactor and it's also the piece I spent years theorizing about.  In a nutshell, the generator would create a quantum space/time field around an object (the spaceship), project the field using photonic variance induction and propel the ship along the field to the point at the far end of the field.  I called the generator the quantum field generator or QFG for short.  One thing I should mention regarding the quantum field, if it worked correctly it would pull the entry and exit points in space together, making the distance the ship would travel virtually nothing.
Chapter 4

Test, Test, Test

Now that I had a bunch of theories that I was pretty confident about, it was time to test them all out.  First, I would test the negative gravity drive, without that I wasn't going anywhere, not even out the barn door.  The test would be very small scale so I wouldn't need a lot of juice, I could use the 220-volt feed I had wired in the barn.  The first test was pretty simple too, all I wanted to do was create a negative gravity field around a small object (a small hunk of steel) and see if I could make it float in the air.  Pretty simple is usually another way of saying difficult beyond words and that’s about what this was.  I constructed a small negative gravity field generator and thought I could project the field around the hunk of steel but no way, just wouldn't happen.  What I did find out through a lot of trial and tribulation was that the negative field stayed local to the generator and wasn't projectable at all.  The field strength did vary with the amount of energy I put into it though so that was a good thing.  It seemed as though I was on the right track.
The negative gravity drive itself was not really small either; it was a cylinder about three feet long and 2 feet in diameter.  It had to be cylindrical in order to generate the field itself and it wasn't light by any means.  I needed to generate a strong quantum electrodynamic field so I had to use nickel-cobalt magnets to get the magnetic part of the process going.  Nickel and cobalt are heavy metals and no fun to work with.  The generator ended up weighing about 500 pounds, yikes!
Once the magnetic field was formed I had to force its quantum state to interact with the prevailing gravity field - that would be the Earth's - by flooding the magnetic field with X-ray radiation.  This caused the electrons in the field into a repulsive gravitational state thus creating the negative gravity field.
Now you're probably wondering why the generator wasn’t lifting off from the floor where I had it sitting.  Simple really, I had secured it to the floor with bolts thinking it would be safer that way.  So I removed the bolts and applied a little power.  Nothing happened until I applied a lot of power and then the generator actually rose from the floor about 1 inch!  That doesn't seem like much but hey, it did validate the basic premise of the theory, I was really stoked by this.  I wasn't just some crazy quack after all.  Crazy yes, but not a quack.
I did some testing with the generator to see if I could make it move back and forth, left and right.  I found by applying differing amounts of power to the magnetic field I could control it very precisely.  This was awesome!  Since I was relying on the NGD to drive the ship when it wasn't jumping around through space, the ability to steer it was absolutely necessary.  Now I would just have to be sure I could generate a much larger negative gravity field for the ship, easier said than done, I know.  Oh well, I'd work on that later, for now I was happy with the testing results.
You've probably figured out already that the NGDs won't work when there isn't a gravitational field to interact with.  I didn't see this as a problem because I didn't have plans to go anywhere that didn't have gravity.
I guess before I go any further I should tell you that all this work I was doing was only getting done after school and on weekends, so it took longer than it might seem to get just the negative gravity generator working...it took 6 months.  Ugh.  But that's how it goes when you're working a day job.  I really didn't need the money from the job to pay for the materials for the toys I was building; my salary at the college didn't even come close to paying for everything.  To pay for everything, I was using the proceeds from a trust fund that my parents had set up for me before they died.  How did they die you ask?  In an experimental jet plane they were testing out.  Both my parents were expert jet pilots and they often flew together, even on test flights of unproven aircraft.  I know, it doesn't seem like a smart thing to do but they didn't care.  They did what they did so get over it, okay?
Okay, enough of the boring background, back to the systems testing.  Next on the agenda was the compact linear fusion reactor, or CLFR for short.  We like lots of acronyms in physics; we think they're really cool.  Doesn't it sound cool when you hear a physicist say something like “after we connected the 2SET to the ACO we tried it out with MGB and the results were nominal”?  That sounds a lot cooler than this “after we connected the two-slice electronic toaster to the alternating current outlet we tried it out with multi-grain bread and it worked like a charm”.
How I continue to digress.  Anyway, the reactor took a solid year to build.  I had to get the parts from the supplier in multiple shipments so as not to attract too much attention - sure didn't want the feds to have any idea what I was doing.  The fusion reactants themselves were easy to come by; deuterium and tritium are both isotopes of hydrogen so I prepared those myself.  The plasma containment magnets however I had to acquire from the supply house.  My contact was very good about hiding the true nature of what was being shipped and to whom so I felt confident nobody was watching what I was having shipped to the farm.
I couldn't test the reactor until I had the igniter built so that came next.  Building the gamma ray laser seemed like a simple thing but what a pain it turned out to be.  I needed a radioactive element to use as the isomer, the stuff that would actually power the laser.  This I was able to get by way of a friend of a friend of the guy at the supply house.  The element I needed was hafnium, which isn't very common at all.  The friend of a friend was able to get me just 5 grams of the stuff but that was all I needed and good thing too, that stuff is deadly.
Handling the hafnium slowed things down a bit but I wasn't in any sort of hurry so I just took my time and made sure I didn't give myself hafnium poisoning.  Once I had the hafnium safely secured I started working on the instrument that would actually generate gamma rays...and that's where things really got tricky.  Gamma rays are created by radioactive decay from elements such as uranium, and we all know what radioactivity does to human bodies. I was able to get the uranium from the supply house in the form of uraninite, a naturally occurring mineral.  I then extracted the uranium by first converting it into something called yellowcake and then further processed it into low-grade enriched uranium, the sort found in civilian nuclear power plants.  I would have liked a higher grade of enrichment but doing that takes a whole lot more money, time and resources than I had.  Also, I didn't want the International Atomic Energy Commission breathing down my neck like they do with the Iranians and North Koreans.  I'm peaceful man; I don't want to build bombs!
After I had the uranium in place I was able to build the rest of the laser.  It ended up being about five feet in length and 2 feet wide.  Heavy too, it weighed about 400 pounds.  As igniters go I think it was kind of on the big side.  For the testing I had to mount it on a steel platform, I didn't want it to come loose and start blasting me with gamma radiation.  That would be bad, very bad.  I can see the headline now “Mad scientist builds laser, burns hole in his head”.  Yeah, didn't want that headline at all.
The first test was just intended to see if the darned thing worked.  If I could get even the faintest laser beam at all I'd be happy.  The test would involve beaming the laser at a block of steel to see if it affected it.  I expected the beam itself to be invisible so I couldn't count on my eyes to judge whether the thing was functioning.  I guess I could have done something with ultraviolet light or maybe use a fluorescent fog but I didn't want to take the time for the extra layer of work if the steel test worked.
When I flipped the power switch on I was glad I had the power at the lowest possible level because the damned thing burned a 2-millimeter hole right through the block of steel.  Luckily I had the foresight to place a sheet of lead behind the steel for just this sort of occurrence or I would have burned a hole through the barn.  Yay for foresight!
So at low power the thing was too powerful, or was it?  For the igniter to work on the plasma it would have to be wider than a tight beam, I'd have to spread the beam out.  This would in theory spread the energy out over a wider area and might give me the level of energy I needed.  Time for another test!
Test 2 involved adding an optical diffuser to the emitter to widen the beam.  This time the beam did burn through the steel but not instantaneously like in test 1 and the hole it created was 50 millimeters wide (about 2 inches). That should be sufficient to ignite the plasma in the reactor, or so I hoped.  I could always use a larger optical diffuser to spread the beam if necessary.  It all sounds so simple looking back at it all.
With the igniter built and tested it was on to the reactor itself.  If this didn't work there was no way that I was going anywhere far away.  The design and build phases combined took 18 months...18 months!  Six months for the design and as stated earlier, 12 months for the build.  This was no easy thing building a compact fusion reactor.  The biggest headache was containing the plasma, it gets hot, damned hot, interior of the sun hot in fact. That's why I needed the magnets, to keep the plasma from contacting any solid surface.  They acted as a sort of suspension system that kept the plasma floating free in the chamber.
Once I had the reactor built I connected the igniter to the chamber.  The whole thing looked like a long cylinder 4 feet in diameter and 20 feet long.  And it was heavy too, about 3000 pounds including the igniter.  For the first test I just wanted to see if the reactor would even work so I connected an amp meter to the output with the hope that the needle on the meter would move, even just a little.
When I flipped the switch on the reactor and lit the igniter a faint hum started coming from the reactor.  The hum built until it became a shrill whine and then something crazy happened, the needle on the amp meter moved!  And not just a little, a lot!  So much in fact that the meter blew up.  Yowsa!  This was really, really good news.
I needed to be sure of the actual energy output from the reactor so I connected a power meter that would show me the number of watts being generated.  Watts are power so that's what really mattered to me anyway.  When I flipped the switch and ramped up the power I watched the meter and couldn't believe what I saw, 385 megawatts!  Holy shit Batman!  That was more than some nuclear power plants produced!  I was pretty confident at this point that I could get the reactor to generate the gigawatts of power I needed so I decided to call the reactor-testing phase a success.
The last major piece to be tested was the quantum field generator.  Okay, the most major piece of all since it would be the QFGs that did the work of opening up a hole in space and moving the ship through it.  Big problem with the QFGs though, I really had no idea how to build one.  Oh, I knew my theories were good; it was just getting from theory to actuality that was the problem.  All the other pieces were simple compared to this one.
I decided I needed some time away to relax and think about the problem and since it was summer anyway and I wasn't teaching any classes at the college I decided to take a vacation to northern Michigan to do some fishing.  Three days into my vacation I was sitting in a small boat fishing for largemouth bass when I had a real eureka moment when it finally came to me how to build the generator.  I almost capsized the boat when I jumped up and waved my arms wildly like some sort of crazy man.  I imagine anyone on shore got a real show watching me trying to steady the boat after that.  I can imagine the conversation: “look George, there's some whacko jumping up and down in his boat.”  “Oh, Martha,” says the husband, “he's just trying to attract the fish.”
Okay, enough of that.  After I came down from the high of figuring out how to make the theory real I went back to the cabin where I was staying and spent the rest of the day and all night drawing up design specs for the generator.  The next morning I packed up my stuff and headed home.  The state police pulled me over once for speeding because I was so anxious to get to the barn and start building the test generator.  Stupid speeding ticket.
Once I got home (it was only about 3 hours from the lake to home), I went straight to the barn to start machining the parts that I would have to make myself.  I quickly realized however that I didn't have any of the materials I would need, namely titanium, platinum, palladium and osmium.  I would need these 4 metals to create a super-alloy that would enclose a cylinder approximately 8 feet long containing a mixture of thorium-228 and uranium-238.  This cylinder would create a photonized positron field when subjected to an X-ray burst that would come from an off the shelf X-ray generator.  The super-alloy container would act as a shield to keep the radioactive particles in and allow the positron field out.  This field would interact with space/time to create the quantum space/time field.  The photonic variance induction would be generated as a secondary by-product of the space/time field and would be controlled by varying the field across the cylinder.
To create the super-alloy I would need an alloy smelter; that was something I didn't ever expect to have to purchase.  The list of things I needed kept getting longer and longer, would it never end?
When I talked with my contact at the supply house he suggested I have the super-alloy prepared by a metallurgical company, as it would be much too intensive of a project for just one person to do it.  He said he knew a guy who knew a guy at a company who would do the work with no questions asked.  It wouldn't be cheap but then neither would all the equipment to do it myself so I took him up on the offer and sent him the specs for what I needed.
I really have to hand it to the guy at the supply house; he has contacts in virtually every field of expertise who don't ask questions.  I doubt I'd have been able to build this spaceship with someone snooping around asking questions if not for him.
The super-alloy would take approximately 2 months, which was unfortunate because I really wanted to get working on the generators.  With no more testing to do for the moment I decided it was time to start working on the spaceship.
Chapter 5

How Not to Build a Spaceship

Before I could build a spaceship I needed to design it.  I wanted to keep it as simple as possible and didn't really care how it looked.  Oh sure, a sleek sexy looking spaceship was more likely to get me a date with a hot babe but I knew that wouldn't happen anyway so in the end, function won out over form.
To create an effective quantum space/time field I had previously calculated that I would need 3 QFGs, each about 120 degrees away from the other 2, the rest of the ship would need to be inside a circle defined by the locations of the pods.  Each pod contained a negative gravity drive and quantum field generator so combined I called the pods the NQ pods. Really sophisticated naming right?  Each pod would need to be approximately 40 feet long in order to house both the NGD and the QFG so I was looking at a not so small sized spaceship.
The main body of the ship in the middle of the pods contained the pilot's cockpit, the fusion reactor (CLFR), and assorted other electronics and avionics one needs for a spaceship.  The name Cheryl Lynn on the side is in honor of my high school sweetheart, it's too bad she went to Stanford and I went to Kenosha, we really had a great time together.
Cheryl’s really smart too.  In high school she took college courses at Kenosha.  And not the easy classes either, she took advanced mathematics courses, including differential equations.  That’s not a course a high schooler typically takes.  Shoot, I didn’t take that until I got to Kenosha.  The last I heard of Cheryl was that she was working at the Jet Propulsion Lab doing research into advanced rocket propulsion systems.  I have no doubt she’d think I was crazy trying to do what I was about to do.
The cockpit would have 2 seats, just in case someone was crazy enough to go along for a ride.  It would also have control panels for all of the onboard systems, including the CLFR, NGDs, QFGs, radios, radar, navigation, photo and infrared imagery, and environmental controls.
The two lower pods would also have 2 small pods on the underside that would house retractable landing pads, complete with shock absorbers for the comfort of the crew and passengers.  Mind you, soft landings are important when landing on distant moons and planets.  Consider how many times they had crash landings in Star Trek and barely made it back to the ship alive.  If not for some creative writing from the screenwriters they’d all have died many times over.
Here's the finalized design I came up with for the ship:

That sure is a sexy spaceship, right?  Like I said, form would follow function.  But it would have been neat if the darned thing looked like the sort of ship you'd see in some cool science fiction movie and not like what it would be, a boring looking spaceship designed by an astrophysicist with no thought to cool aesthetics.
Now I figured it was time to decide what to order from the supply house and I knew it would be a big one.  The primary structures of the spaceship would be made of carbon fiber composite so I would need lots of carbon fiber, fiberglass, fiberglass resin and tools for working with the composite.  I would make my own molds for the composite using plywood and other woods, those I got at the local lumberyard.
The supplies I needed were no problem and the guy at the supply house had them onsite at the barn in 2 weeks.  I began work on the structural forms for the ship almost immediately after I received them.  I spent a good deal of time working in wood to create all the forms for the carbon fiber composite and felt like an accomplished carpenter by the time I had them all finished.  Handy dandy carpenter Mike, that's what I am!
Working with the materials for the carbon fiber composite was a very messy job.  I had never worked with the stuff before and there was a bit of trial and error before I finally figured out how to do it all properly but eventually I got all the structural pieces made.  The barn looked like a parts store for spaceships when I was done, sections of the spaceship were piled up anywhere there was room.
I should mention that even though I didn't need ablative surfaces on the underside of the ship for re-entry into the atmosphere I still coated them with a material called Starlite that has exceptional heat resistant properties.  After I was done coating the underside I thought, what the heck, why not coat the entire outer skin of the ship?  I would have liked to put three coats on the entire ship but the stuff is hard to come by so I was able to do 3 coats on the underside and 2 coats on everything else.  I did say earlier that obtaining the supplies for the ship construction was not difficult, that is mostly true.  Getting the Starlite however was tough for the supply guy; he had to call in some favors from more friends of friends to get it for me.  Again, that guy is awesome.
Once all the structural sections were done I started adding the internal mounts for all the stuff on the inside that would need them.  I started on the main cabin, as I didn't have all the big technology pieces built yet, including the reactor, the negative drive and the quantum field generators.  I used mostly off the shelf available equipment for the cockpit, no need to re-invent things like seats and instrument consoles.  I got these from my supply house guy even though they weren't in the catalog, like so many of the parts I ordered from him.
After I had all the internal mount points built and any available equipment to mount on them installed, I decided it was time to get down to business and modify the high technology equipment I had built for the testing phase.  This really involved adding mount point connections on the reactor and igniter and building two additional NGDs and all three QFGs, which still needed to be tested, however I was going to do that?
The timing worked out pretty well actually, by the time I had the two NGDs built the super-alloy containers arrived for the QFGs so I was able to jump right in on them.
It was delicate work filling the super-alloy containers with the thorium/uranium mixture, I had to be very, very precise with the handling or I would end up getting cooked by some rather potent radiation, and that would be no fun at all.  Once the containers were filled I attached an X-ray unit to the end of each one, they were now ready for installation in the pods.  After I got them installed in the pods I had an idea, maybe I should do a structural analysis of the ship to see if it would stay in one piece with the different stresses that it would encounter.
I know what you're thinking, “dummy, why didn't you do that before you started building the damned thing?” and you're right, I should have.  But hey, better to do it later than not do it at all.  So I ran the specs for the ship through my favorite structural analysis software program (I won't say which one because I don't want to cause any debates among any engineers reading this about why I should have used this package or that package), and boy oh boy, I found out I really sucked with my first design.  I hadn't designed it to have an internal frame thinking the outer shell would be strong enough, silly me.
When I tested the design using some very low level stresses it collapsed into a crumpled mass.  I then tweaked the design to add an aluminum framework.  The design did better this time but higher stress loads still caused some structural failures, especially where the pods connected to the main body of the ship.  I then tested using medium carbon steel for the pod connections and this time the design held together even under stress loads much higher than I expected.
With the “never too late” structural analysis complete I ordered the needed aluminum and carbon steel from a metals supplier in Coldwater (surprisingly, my normal supply house didn't carry them.)  When the materials arrived 2 weeks later I began retrofitting the ship.  I was still able to use the mount points I had added earlier but now they were used to connect to the frame. The internal parts would then connect to the frame.
It always sounds so simple when I describe it but in reality building the internal frame took weeks of often-grueling labor.  I do not envy anyone who builds airframes for the big airplane manufacturers; they have one tough job.  When I was through though I knew I now had a very structurally sound little ship.  The Cheryl Lynn would not break up the first time I fired up the QFGs and tried to go where no man has gone before, or something like that.
After the internal structure was complete I took a step back and looked at my creation.  It looked sad and forlorn without the internal guts or the external panels but it was a big step forward and I was really pumped by my handiwork.  Okay, enough of thinking I was wonderful, back to work.
Next on the agenda was to attach all of the internal gear, including the QFGs, NGDs and CLFR.  These were all super heavy so I had to acquire a good heavy-duty hoist with which to raise each piece into position.  The guys at the local metal works shop built one for me in about a week and made it portable enough that I could load the parts into the back of my pickup truck for transport.
With the assistance of the hoist, installing the big heavies in the frame was a reasonable task, not easy, but reasonable.  My definition of reasonable here was that I didn't break my back doing it.  In fact, I didn't break any bones!  Now that was a bonus.
So now I had all the big parts mounted on the frame, next up was to wire everything.  What a joyful job that turned out to be.  I estimated that I installed about 2 miles worth of electrical cables in my little ship, 2 miles!  I was amazed there was enough room in the frame for all that cable but somehow it all fit.  As I installed the various harnesses and cabling groups I tested them to make sure they were properly connected.  I sure didn't want to start testing with faulty wiring.
I sure was glad when I made the last connection four weeks after starting the wiring work.  It was a rather dull, mind-numbing job; connect cable A to posts B and D.  Connect cable T to posts ZZ and TTT.  You get the idea, dull, boring work.  But the result was a fully wired and hopefully fully functional spiffy new spaceship, the proof of which would come with the testing that lay ahead before I installed the external shell of the ship.  I think I'd look pretty silly installing the outer shell before doing any testing of the assembled parts just to have one of the systems fail to function properly.
It was now time to start the long list of systems tests that I had put together, and it was long.  There were 259 different tests that needed to pass before I could claim success.  I began with simple electrical power tests using an onboard DC power unit that was needed to power some of the systems before main power was online.  Out of 27 tests, 13 had issues, ugh.  Everything and anything from insufficient amperage to overheating of the wiring harness came up in the tests.  It was obvious to anyone that I was no electrical engineer.  I actually thought about talking with an electrical engineering instructor at the college at this point but decided against it, as I didn't want the extra eyes looking at the ship.  I instead slogged my way through all the tests and four weeks later they were done.  Out of 259 tests, 175 failed the initial test in some way or another.  It was a slow and arduous process but if I hadn't done them then nothing would have worked.  I should note here that these tests didn't include functional tests of the major components but everything up to the point of firing them up.
With the systems tests complete it was now time for the functional testing of the major components.  The CLFR (the reactor, remember?) was first as it would provide power for all the other big stuff.  I was fairly confident it would work as it had worked earlier in the individual component-testing phase.  I must say though I was still kind of shocked that the thing worked the first time I applied power to the igniter.  After so many failures during the systems tests I was kind of jaded but hey, it worked so that was really, really cool.  I let the reactor run for two hours during which time I continuously monitored the power output.  The needle on the power meter never moved off 105%, I certainly couldn't complain about that.  I also ran a complete set of systems tests on the reactor and its associated sub-systems.  All checked out as expected so I quite happily concluded that the reactor was ready for service.
Next on the list were the NGDs (you absolutely must remember this one - negative gravity drive).  Because this test would lift the ship off the floor of the barn I decided to run the test remotely rather than from the cockpit.  Maybe I was a bit of a chicken here but I didn't want to have the thing go spinning out of control with me in it.  I would rather like to believe my instinct for survival kicked in and made me use some common sense.  I began the test by bringing the reactor up to a 50% power level; my earlier calculations said that was all I should need to get the NGDs to work.  I then slowly energized the drives and as the power level went past 75% the ship actually began to rise from the floor!  There was some whine from the drives but nothing that called for ear protectors so I continued with the test.  It was an absolute joy to see this ship, which weighed over 5 tons hovering steadily and seemingly with little effort.  I increased the power level to 80% and the ship started to really rise so I backed it down to 75% and let it hover for 15 minutes during which time I ran some system tests on the reactor to make sure it wasn't overheating or anything else bad.  It was purring like a kitten and didn't seem like it was even breaking a sweat (not sure how a nuclear reactor would break a sweat but you know what I mean, right?).  I also ran tests on the NGDs to make sure they were acting as expected.  Everything looked good so I shut down the drives and the reactor and called it a night.  Wow, what a good day.
Two evenings later - I had student conferences at the college and missed a night - I decided it was time to test the QFGs as much as I could actually test them.  Pretty much all I could do was energize them to a low power level and do some systems monitoring to see if everything - the reactor, NGDs, and the QFGs - were all functioning within operational parameters.  I started by lighting the reactor, that's my new vernacular for turning on the CLFR.  Sounds cool doesn't it?  Then I brought the NGDs up to 75% to bring it to a hover.  As a side note, in the future NGDs will have applications not only for spaceships but also terrestrial aircraft as well; just think of how they could be used in place of helicopters.  Anyway, after the ship was hovering I slowly, and I mean slowly began adding power to the QFGs.  At 25% power I began to notice a tingling in the air as well as a faint blue shimmering around the ship.  I immediately shut down the generators for fear of damaging them.  I then ran a series of systems tests on the QFGs to make sure they were okay.  The tests checked out okay so I tried again but this time only raised the power level to 20% so I could run tests on all of the major components.  It sure was a pretty sight to see this cool spaceship hovering in the barn with all of its systems running.  I was pretty amazed the darned thing hadn't already melted into a big blob of steel.  All of the systems tests checked out okay so I felt pretty confident I could at least get the ship into space and attempt to run the QFGs at full power.  It was now time to install the outer shell and get the ship prepped for its first flight, whenever that would be.
Chapter 6

Space...Really?!

When I had the ship all put together I was pretty darned impressed by my handiwork.  I really did this?  Pretty amazing stuff if you ask me.  Whether this thing actually did what it was built to do didn't matter right now, I was one happy spaceship builder.  I never would have thought I would need skills including farming and carpentry to build a ship but then I doubt NASA thought they would need chimpanzee trainers when they first started on their quest for the moon.  They really did you know, they sent a bunch of chimps into space before they ever sent Alan Shepard on his sub-orbital journey in 1961.  And what a ballsy thing that was for him to do.  They barely had any successful flights at all with the rocket combination he flew in.  It was crash after crash before they got it right.
Sorry, I digressed a bit there.  I decided that the first flight should take place at night so as not to draw any unwanted attention to my endeavor.  I also wanted good weather, didn't want high winds or lightning to derail the project.  It was June and southern Michigan was experiencing storm after storm so I ended up waiting 2 weeks before I was able to even consider taking her up.
The night I had planned for the mission test was crystal clear and cool.  A cold front had passed by and it was a gorgeous night, Jupiter was high in the sky and I could actually see the Milky Way, something not typically seen from my location.  It really is kind of sad how the light pollution of our modern world has blinded us to so many wonders of the night skies.  Anyway, when I walked into the barn to admire the ship and start the mission prep I looked up and noticed one bad, bad thing - I had no way of getting the ship out of the barn!  Oops!  I had been so focused on building the ship I never thought about getting the darned thing outside.  This was a definite bummer and was sure to delay my first flight.
After thinking about the roof I decided to modify it to make it retractable, kind of like some of the newer sports stadiums just a whole lot smaller.  The work took two months and was no fun job.  I had to cut the roof to create two independent sections, attach the two sections to the building using a sliding roller system and then power it using 4 large electric motors.  I also made it remotely controllable so I could open and close it from the ship.  One thing I should mention is that to protect the ship during the roof work I built a metal frame around the Cheryl Lynn and covered it with heavy canvas and boy am I glad I did.  At one point when I was installing the roller system a four-foot section fell and landed smack dab on the canvas.  There was no harm to the ship though because of my spiffy makeshift cover!
When I tested the power retractable roofing system, or PRRS, as I like to call it, the roller system squeaked terribly which I attributed to the second-rate metal rollers I installed.  The only fix was to remove them and install better quality nylon rollers.  It took extra time but it was worth it, the noise level was much, much reduced.  I did some tests on the range at which I could use the remote control for the roof and found it worked up to about 1/2 mile, which seemed like a good range.  I suspected that the range might be slightly farther when activated from above the earth, as there wouldn't be any ground clutter to interfere with the radio signal.
With the PRRS in place it was now time to get the ship out of the barn and take her for a spin.  But of course, the weather refused to cooperate for the better part of a week.  Once it did though the conditions were perfect - no wind and clear skies.  I couldn't have asked for better.  So once it was dark, I strapped myself in and initiated the preflight checklist.  With so many onboard systems it was a 45-minute process but everything checked out and I was ready to take it up, or so I thought.  As I was getting ready to fire up the reactor I got a call on my cellphone from the department chair wondering if I could come over to his place for an informal gathering of the department professors.  Oh boy, it was Saturday night, what was he thinking?  I didn't want to make the old geezer mad so of course I told him I'd be there in about an hour.  More delays, would this thing ever get off the ground?
The informal gathering was about the most boring affair I have ever attended and that includes freshman mixers.  The old man went on and on about how it was in the old days teaching at the many colleges he had been at during his long and very uninteresting career.  I think he just wanted someone to talk to; his wife of 50 years had died earlier in the year and he definitely seemed lonely.  The highlight of the evening for me was the unwanted advances of a younger professor who had recently joined the department.  She was bound and determined to tell me the most minute details of her research into gravitons.  I knew from my own work on the negative gravity drive that she was way off base but because I didn't want to give my own work away I couldn't tell her.  She was an attractive woman though; I really wondered how she ended up as a physicist.
The next night the weather conditions were just as ideal as the previous night so out to the barn I went for flight attempt number two.  On my way to the barn I noticed vehicle lights coming up the driveway.  Damn it!  What now?!  It turned out to be the young professor who chatted me up at the gathering the night before, Darla was her name I think.  She wanted to know if I'd like to go out some night, as in this night.  Quite the bold young lady I thought, asking a man out on a date.  I know, I know, it's the 21st century and women can do that but it still threw me for a loop.  I politely declined but did schedule to go to dinner with her later in the week.  She was somewhat disheartened and wondered what could be worth missing out on an evening with her so I gave her a line about needing to do some work on the tractor so I could plow the cornfield under after it was harvested.  It was a lame line but hey, I didn't expect her to show up either.
After Darla left I waited until I couldn't see her vehicle lights anymore before going to the barn, I wanted to make sure she was actually leaving.  Once inside I hopped in the ship and began the preflight checklist...again.  Everything checked out okay so I opened the roof and started the power up sequence for the reactor.  Once I had it at 90% I initiated the NGDs and slowly brought the power up.  At 75% the ship began to lift from the floor.  What a neat feeling it was to actually be in it when it started to rise.  I slowly added more power to the NGDs and it continued to rise at an ever-increasing rate of speed, 10 seconds later I cleared the roof and was looking at the dark of night.  I slowed the ascent rate to a hover so I could test the directional controls of the NGDs.  As I had done during the testing I varied the power to each of the drives and was able to very easily and smoothly turn the ship in any direction I wanted.  I was even able to raise and lower the nose of the ship.  This was very, very cool!
I really wanted to test the maneuverability more so I spent about an hour driving around the farm about 10 to 15 feet above the ground.  I found that controlling the 3 NGDs individually was not that difficult but I thought it might be easier with one master control so that was one modification I would be making before the next flight.  As I flew around I realized this change would be an important upgrade, I could easily imagine an emergency in which it would be much more efficient to have just one control to deal with rather than three.  For this reason I decided not to make the attempt to get into space, that would come another day.
As I hovered above the barn before landing I thought I noticed lights in the distance, I wasn't sure so I didn't think much of it.  Maybe it was just someone turning around in the driveway.  That happens occasionally as there aren't many driveways along the road and people use mine to turn around when they get lost following bad GPS directions.
Back in the barn after the flight I made a log entry in my newly created flight logbook.  This first flight lasted exactly 75.3 minutes according to my Hobbs meter, used on aircraft to record flight time.  The important take away from the first flight was that the NGDs and the reactor worked exceedingly well.  During the flight I never once noticed any power loss from the reactor, it ran like a champ the entire flight.
I wasn't ready for a second flight for 3 weeks during which time I crafted a controller to handle the 3 NGDs.  The second flight was a checkout just for the controller and it worked almost as designed.  The only issue was with the overhead NGD, it wasn't required at the low flight levels I was testing and would cause the ship to lurch upwards when I applied variable power for turns.  I made a quick modification and tested it on flight test 3 and it worked like a champ.  During this flight I also took the ship up to 5,000 feet.  As I ascended I kept the power level to the NGDs at 85% - I didn't want to go anywhere too far too fast.  As it was it only took me about a minute to reach my intended altitude with a straight up climb.  During the descent I noticed lights again.  This was getting disturbing; was someone keeping tabs on what I was doing?  The only person I could think of who might was Darla so I decided to ask her some roundabout questions about it when I saw her again.
Now I had 3 flights in the book and all of them had been successful, I was one happy camper.  After the third flight I did a full systems review from all three flights and decided that I was ready to take her into space.  One question I had for myself though, would I need a space suit?  I answered in the affirmative (said like Newt in the movie Aliens) so it was off to the research library to learn how to make a space suit that wouldn't kill me.  After some research I found that I could actually buy a space suit from an American manufacturer.  I decided to use my contact at the supply house to get the suit to keep people from looking directly at me.  The suit wasn't cheap but then what was with this project?  It took about two weeks from when I ordered it to when it showed up at the farm.  I actually ordered two suits just in case something happened to the first one.  The suits themselves were considered IVA space suits, intended for activities inside the spaceship but still capable of being used outside.  Once I had the suits I had to retrofit some connections to make them work with the environmental system on the ship, that took about a week but then I was ready for my next flight.
Oh, before I go any further I should tell you how it went when I talked with Darla about the lights I was seeing.  When I saw her at the college after my third flight I asked if she ever went for a country drive in the late evenings.  Boy was I surprised when she got all flustered and apologized for hanging out near the farm.  I had no idea she was that interested in me, I mean, our one “date”, if you can call it that, was rather awkward so I hadn't thought about it or her at all.  When she pulled herself together she asked me if I had been doing anything unusual at the farm, it seemed she might have noticed the ship.  Oh crap.  I just told her I was testing a new electric helicopter I had designed.  Yeah, I know it was kind of lame but she seemed to buy it.  She asked if she could see it soon, something I definitely didn't want to do.  I told her maybe someday and left it at that.
Now it was on to mission planning for flight number four, the first real mission to space.  When I was up at 5,000 feet during flight number three I realized that I just might be encroaching on the commercial airline flyways between Chicago and Detroit and any and all points in between so for this flight and all future flights I would be sure to check the flight radar website to make sure I wasn't going to cause a mid-air collision.  That would be very, very bad.  I would squawk 1200 on the IFF (identification, friend of foe) to keep the air traffic controllers from wondering who or what I might be.  1200 is the standard identifier for general aviation by the way.
Flight test number four was set for a Saturday in early October.  The weather was absolutely perfect.  The temperature was in the mid 40s, winds were calm and there wasn't a cloud to be seen.  I did a check of flights in the area and found a good window from 9:30 PM until 11:00 PM that would be clear of airplanes.  Next was the space suit.  It took me about 10 minutes to get it on, those things are a bit of a pain to don.  I can see why astronauts have assistance when they get suited up before a flight.  You have to make sure you have everything attached correctly to get the seals properly fitted because if you don't then you might as well be wearing a t-shirt and shorts because you won't be properly sealed off from the outside environment.  I learned that walking in the suit was a bit awkward but I figured out a good way to move along and in the end the suit didn't really seem so bad.  Strapping into the cockpit was a chore though, the seat belts were barely long enough and it took me three attempts to get them latched.  But eventually I did manage to get strapped in and was ready to go.
Speaking of seats, I don't think I've mentioned them before so I think I should now.  They're really comfortable, I upholstered them using rich Corinthian leather.  I really couldn't resist you know.  I mean, when Ricardo Montalban said that in that long time ago Chrysler Cordoba commercial I thought it was just the coolest thing.  Okay, so he didn't actually say “rich Corinthian leather” (he really said “soft Corinthian leather”) and Corinthian leather isn't a real thing but still, the leather I used was soft.  But don't for one second think the Cheryl Lynn is anything like the Cordoba, it's way, way cooler.
Okay, back to the mission.  At exactly 10:00 PM I opened the roof doors and then started the preflight checklist.  All systems were GO so I then began the power-up sequence.  Once the reactor was online I brought the NGDs to 75% and initiated the ascent.  After I cleared the roof I closed the doors and then gradually brought the negative gravity drives up to 100% power.  Boy did the ship climb in a hurry, like it couldn't stand to be anywhere near the earth!  My altimeter indicated a rate of climb of 25,000 feet per minute.  That's as fast as many jet fighters.  Yowsa!  I knew the ship could climb but never realized it would be this fast.  Space was considered to be at about 328,000 feet, it took me a little over 13 minutes to reach that altitude.  I thought the rate of climb would slow down as the ship got further and further from the earth's surface but that wasn't turning out to be the case so far.  When I reached a flight level of 335,000 feet I reduced the power to the NGDs to a point where I was at station keeping.  I did have to add a little extra power to keep the ship in geosynchronous orbit; I didn't really want to fly all over the place yet.  Hey, this was my first time in space after all.
And how cool it was!!!  This being in space thing was amazing!  I wanted to float around a bit to experience weightlessness so I set the ship on autopilot and undid my seatbelt.  I didn't have lots of space in the cabin but I could move around and do a tight summersault or two.  This was the coolest thing ever!  It really hit home that I was in space when I looked out and saw the earth below me. It was really overwhelming to realize that was home down there and I was up here.
After a few minutes of playing around I strapped back in and ran a bunch of checks to make sure all the systems were working properly.  Everything looked good so I decided it was time to head home, the next flight test would be the big one when I tested the quantum field generators for the first time.
The descent was the most dangerous and difficult part of the flight.  If I descended to quickly I would burn up, even with the Starlite coating on the exterior.  For a comparison, the space shuttle would experience temperatures of 3000ºF during re-entry.  At 11:20 PM I began the descent by slowly, very slowly decreasing the power to the NGDs.  I had a temperature sensor on the underside exterior of the ship that I kept a very close eye on during the descent.  The highest temperature it recorded was 535ºF, well within the safe range for the Starlite.  It was a wonderful thing not burning up!  When I was at 40,000 feet I activated the locator beacon I had previously installed at the barn and at 1000 feet I activated the PRRS (the roof).  Landing was as smooth as silk.  Wow!  What an awesome flight!!  Space would elude me no more.  BWAHAHAHA!!
After I completed the post-flight checklist inside the cabin I did a visual inspection of the exterior.  There was some black soot on the underside, which I attributed to foreign matter (dust and dirt) on the exterior that had burned on descent but other than that there was no visible damage.  I was really pretty amazed that the flight went so smoothly.  All shipboard systems performed exactly as planned and I somehow didn't screw anything up.  At this point planning would begin for flight test number five, the big one.
I was really on cloud nine and thought I'd celebrate with a bottle of champagne so you can imagine my shock and surprise when I opened the door to leave the barn and was greeted by a bright flashlight shining in my eyes!  It was Darla and she demanded to know what I was up to.  Like she had any right to know!
I asked her if she'd like to come in the house as I locked the door to the barn and started walking toward the house.  She stood at the door for a moment but when I continued walking she finally started to follow me.  When we both got inside I went to the kitchen and got the champagne from the chiller, I was still going to have my celebration by golly.  I offered her a glass and she got a goofy confused look on her face as in “what the heck is this for?”  I offered a toast to “good physics and good friends” and drank mine down in one gulp.
Darla sipped hers still with a confused look and then asked “what were you really doing tonight Professor Mason?  I saw some sort of aircraft land in your barn and it wasn't a helicopter!”
“You're right, it wasn't a helicopter, it was a new type of spaceship and I just returned from space.”  I told the truth but I doubted she'd believe it and I was right.
“Oh stop lying to me mister,” she replied, “I want the truth.”
“The truth?  I just told you the truth.  Do I have to prove it to you by showing you the ship?”  Oops, what did I just say?  I looked at my watch, “Ah, it's getting late, maybe another day?”
“No, no, no, right now.  I want to see this thing now.”
It seemed she was not going to be deterred so I guess I was going to have to show her.  “Okay, I'll show you but you must absolutely promise me you will not tell anyone or anything about what you are about to see.”  I stood with my arms crossed waiting for her reply.
“Okay, I promise but if what you have in that barn is something really amazing then we'll have to let the world know about it.”
“No.  No conditions on your promise.  You either promise or you don't see it.”  I really didn't want anyone seeing the ship yet, or maybe never.
“Oh very well,” she agreed.  “Now show me what you have in the barn.”  Then she almost ran out the door and to the barn.  I finished her champagne and then casually walked out the door.  Mmm, that champagne sure did taste good.
At the barn door I made her promise once more, which she eagerly did, so I unlocked and slowly slid the door open.  “See, there it is,” I said, and began to slide the door closed.
Darla grabbed my arm and commanded me to stop.  “Don't be a smart ass professor.  You know it's dark in there, I couldn't see anything.”
“Well it was worth a try,” I said with a smile.  I then walked in and went to the light panel.  “You still promise?”
“Yes!  Now turn the lights on!”
So knowing that the absolute secrecy of the project was now gone, I turned on the main lights.  The ship really did look impressive with the lights shining on it.  And yes, I was very, very proud of what I had built.
“Oh my God!”  Darla shouted.  “This certainly isn't a helicopter!  Is it really a spaceship?  I mean…does it actually work?  I don't see rockets, where are the rockets?”
I cut her off before she could ask another question.  “Yes, it really is a spaceship.  And yes, it really does work.  You don't see rockets because it doesn't have any.”
She looked at me with a puzzled look,  “No rockets?  How does it go then?”
“Let me show you,” I said, and walked over to the ship.  I then explained to her the different technologies that I used in the ship.  When I was through she just stood next to the ship with her mouth wide open in disbelief.
“Negative gravity drives?  Quantum field generators?  Compact linear fusion reactor?  Gamma ray laser?  At best some are still theoretical and the others I've never even heard of before.  You did this all yourself?”
“All by myself,” I replied.  “I started on the theoretical work while I was doing my PhD work at Evanston and refined the theories and started the construction after I landed here.”  I opened the door to the cockpit.  “Here, let me show you how it all works.”
I climbed the short ladder to the door and stepped inside.  Darla hesitated and then climbed up.  “It's tight in here,” she said.
“Yeah, I don't plan on taking lots of passengers for rides.”  I smiled and pointed to the right seat.  “Have a seat, we'll take her for a short spin around the farm.”
Darla almost raced to the seat and hopped in, obviously eager to see what the ship could do.
I strapped in and initiated the pre-flight.  As I ran through the steps I briefly explained to her the physics behind each of the onboard systems.  When I applied power to the NGDs she started to get nervous, I guess it was hard for her to believe that such a thing could actually work.  But as we cleared the roof of the barn and began flying around the farm she relaxed and got really excited as she realized that what we were doing was actually happening.
“When do we go to space?” she asked.
“Not tonight, we're not wearing space suits, but we can go up a bit higher.”  I increased the power to the NGDs and we went up to 1,000 feet so she could look around.
“Can we fly over town?” Darla inquired.
“I'd rather not,” I answered.  “Even though I don't have any navigation lights on this thing I don't want anyone else (and I really stressed the “else”) seeing this thing.”
“Oh all right,” she said with a frown.  “So can we go to space tomorrow?  10 o'clock you say?  Perfect.  I'll be here at 9.”
Uh, what just happened I wondered?  “So you just invite yourself along do you?”
“Well, you wouldn't want me telling anyone about this would you?  It seems to me I'm now part of your little project.  Oh and by the way, who's Cheryl Lynn?”
Hmm, seemed like I was being blackmailed now but what could I do?  “Cheryl Lynn was my high school sweetheart.  Okay, here's the deal with the next scheduled flight…”  I explained the mission objective of flight test number five and that I wouldn't want to risk her life during the test of the unproven QFGs.
“I accept the risk,” Darla replied.  “If I'm going to be a part of this thing then I need to really be a part of it and accept the risks, whatever they may be.”
I thought briefly about what Darla had said and then nodded in agreement.  “Better if you were here by 7 PM so we can do a full in depth review of the ship's systems.  If you're going to do the space thing with me I want you to be up to speed on all the ship's systems.”
Darla readily agreed and asked if she could take the controls.  Seemed like a good idea to me, it would be her first instructional flight.  She did quite well steering the ship; so good I let her land the ship in the barn.
After the post-flight was done we had one more thing to do, the space suit would need some adjustments to fit her much smaller frame.  The two space suits I had purchased were designed for me but they did have the ability to be fitted to a person with a smaller stature.
It was well after midnight when we finished with the suit and as I escorted Darla to her car I got the sense she didn't want to leave but I knew it would be for the best if she spent the night in her own home.
I think I should explain now how I am able to recall conversations in such vivid detail.  It's because I have an eidetic memory, conversations I have or hear I recall in perfect detail.  It's sort of like having a photographic memory only with sound.  It's usually a good thing to have but sometimes it can cause “difficulties” when people know about it and ask for a complete transcript of a conversation.
Chapter 7

That's One Small Leap...

Sunday...the big day...flight test number five.  Today I, or rather “we” would see if the quantum field generators would do what they were designed to do.  I still had reservations about having Darla along for the test but really, what could I do?  I woke late and spent the morning going over the mission plan.  I know, I lead a really exciting life but it's a sacrifice all great inventors make, isn't it?  The afternoon I spent in the barn going over every, and I mean every square inch of the ship.  I also polished the underside to remove the ash that had built up during the descent on the previous flight.  No reason not to have it looking perfect, right?
I wasn't surprised when Darla showed up at 6:00 PM rather than 7.  She came in with a grocery bag and went right to the kitchen.  “Do you have a grill?” she asked.
“Uh, yeah, it's on the back deck,” I answered, wondering what she had in mind for food.
She went out and lit the grill and came back inside.  “I hope you like Porterhouse because that's what we're having.”
“Sure,” I replied, “but why the big fuss?”
“You don't know?  Ever since the early days of the space program astronauts have had a big meal before they went into space.  This will be that meal for us.”
She was right about that.  Alan Shepard started the tradition with steak and eggs.  “So do we get eggs too?”
“Of course,” was Darla's reply, she had obviously done some research on the topic.
The steak was exceptional, Darla obviously knew her way around a grill.  During the meal I began briefing her on the mission profile and the incredible danger involved.  She was very enthusiastic and eager to get going.  I wondered if her excitement was just from a desire to go to space or a wish to see the theoretical technologies actually work.  Whatever her motives really didn't matter at this point; we were committed to the flight test.
At 7:00 PM we made our way to the launch facility (the barn).  Maybe I should begin calling it the Flight Operations Facility or FOF for short, that sounds much more high-tech and official than “the barn”.  Before we began doing any pre-flight checks I sat Darla down at the computer station and went over the theories, calculations and actual physical hardware of the QFGs.  I wanted complete concurrence from her that what we would be attempting was plausible; after all, she is a PhD level physicist.
At times during the review she looked a little lost so I would stop and do a deeper discussion with whatever it was that was vexing her.  When we were through she agreed that it could possibly work and asked this question:  “How did you ever get the inspiration for the theoreticals?”
“Well,” I said, “the truth of the matter is that it was just a lot of trial and error, and also I did have a dream one night that connected two very important pieces of the puzzle.”
“A dream?  You're joking, right?”
I really wasn't and told her so.  The connection between curved space and quantum gravitational fields (something I left out earlier because I didn't want to bore you) really did come to me in a dream about a man peddling a bicycle on the moon while singing La Cucaracha.  It was a very, very weird dream.
With the review complete I checked the time, 9:30 PM, time to start the pre-flight checklist.  Everything checked out A-Okay so we proceeded to suit up.  I was glad we made the adjustments to her suit the previous night as it saved us a great deal of time.  I helped Darla into her suit; she looked like she was being swallowed by the suit it seemed so big on her but she said she could move okay so that was good enough for me.  I then suited up and we strapped ourselves into our seats and began the launch sequence.  The time was now 10:05 PM, time to get this ship off the ground!
The reactor came online with no hesitation, I was really proud of that thing by the way.  I knew that someday I would have to change out the radioactive components but that was a long time down the road and nothing to worry about now.  While we were doing the technology review I had checked the flight schedules, nothing was scheduled so we were clear to launch.  I opened the roof and Darla then brought the NGDs to 75% power and we began to rise.  Once we cleared the building (or should I say FOF) Darla brought the power up to 85% on the NGDs and we began a leisurely climb straight up.  Winds were minimal so we didn't have to compensate at the lower flight levels.  When we reached 10,000 feet we picked up a bit of wind from the west but Darla compensated without missing a beat.  I asked her to up the power level to 90%, no need to mess around in the atmosphere any longer than necessary.
At the 18-minute mark we reached the magical 100-kilometer altitude level so we were officially in space.  I asked Darla to bring the NGDs back to 75% power so we could maintain our current altitude to do some systems checks.  Before we went any higher I wanted to give everything a good once over to make sure all systems were still go.  As I did the checks Darla unstrapped and floated around a bit.  She was having as much fun as I did yesterday evening doing summersaults, twirls and anything else she could think to do.
Everything checked out okay, or as we say in the space business, “all systems were nominal”, so we put some more distance between the Earth and ourselves.  We leveled out at 190 kilometers, about 118 miles, and then started the final checks on the QFGs before bringing them online.  All checks were nominal (see, more of that space lingo) so I then slowly started feeding the generators power.  Darla monitored the reactor and NGDs while I watched the QFGs.  At 25% I noticed the blue shimmering outside the ship, just like I had seen in the barn during the testing.  At 65% the color changed to a deep blue and at 85% it changed to a magnificent, bright blue.  I had calculated the QFGs would need to be at 95% for a minimal successful operation.  I can very honestly tell you I was really, really nervous when I raised the level to the magical 95%.  All there was left to do was to push the execute button on the instrument panel...
At this point Darla asked where our destination was since I had failed to mention it during the pre-flight mission briefing.  I said “here” and for better or worse pressed the execute button.
For a brief moment nothing happened but then, with a bright flash of light, we winked out and then winked back in, just not where we were when we winked out.  Where we were was approximately 20 miles above the surface of the moon!  Holy guacamole!  It worked!!!  I was beside myself with joy, I started laughing like a crazed monkey I was so happy!
Darla was momentarily stunned into silence.  “Holy crap!” she yelled when she regained her voice.  “That's the freaking moon!”
When I finally regained my composure I started a series of systems checks.  Everything was nominal except for the reactor; it was down to 65% power.  I shut down the QFGs to see if it would help the reactor power level come back up and it did.  It seemed the generators were continuing to drain the reactor power even after the hop.
“Hey captain,” Darla said, “why don't we land on the moon?  We're this close and the ship is in great shape.”
I readily agreed, why come this far and not go the rest of the way?  While we were in orbit I noticed we were actually rising from our position with respect to the moon. This made perfect sense when I thought about it. The NGD power level of 75% we were at was ideal for maintaining a level within the earth's gravitational field but the moon's gravitational field is only about 1/6th of the Earth's so less power was necessary to maintain a hovering position.  As it turned out, only 45% power was necessary to maintain position.
We gave the reactor 15 minutes to recharge and when it was at 90% Darla began a slow descent to the moon while I kept an eye out for recognizable features.  As we went lower I identified the Mare Crisium basin; which promised to be a good place to land.  Like most of the mares it has less craters than the various highlands.  I definitely didn't want to land in a crater field so I directed Darla to aim for Crisium.  When we were about 100 meters above the surface we slowed to a hover so we could fly around and find a really, really promising place to set down.  Darla noticed that she needed slightly more power to the NGDs to maintain the position.  This made sense, as there is a gravitational high in the center of the mare called a MASCON, which is short for an unusually high concentration of mass under the surface.  The extra mass would definitely account for the need for higher power.  It seems many of the mares of the moon have MASCONs and there hasn't been a definite explanation for them yet.
We cruised around looking for a spot for about 10 minutes before we found one that seemed good.  It's amazing really how an area that is supposed to have less craters can still have lots of rocks and boulders, big ones too!  Darla eased the Cheryl Lynn down and at exactly 11:17 PM Eastern Daylight Time we made contact with the moon.  We were on the freaking moon!!!  And nobody would know about it but us until now.  That was the unfortunate part of this but I didn't care, we were on the moon and we used the QFGs to get there!  We also didn't have any 1201 master alarms like the Eagle did when it landed on that glorious day in July of 1969.  I thought about powering down the ship's systems but then thought twice about it and kept them running.  The last thing we would want would be for the reactor not to come online.  Oh how very, very bad that would be. Shoot, we didn't even have any food onboard...and shoe leather doesn't count.  It was also unfortunate that I hadn't designed a depressurization system into the environmental systems so we couldn't go for a walk outside.  What a bummer and yes, I'm an idiot for not thinking about it, but hey, we were on the moon!  How many of you out there reading this can say that?!  You may not know the answer to this question but I do...Six.  Yep, that's all.  Of the twelve men that walked on the moon only six were still alive when I wrote this.
So in lieu of going for a moonwalk we took some pictures with a digital camera Darla had thought to bring.  In addition to getting pictures of the moon's surface she was able to get a couple of the earth.  It really is amazing to see the earth from so far away; it changes your perspective about EVERYTHING.
We really didn't want to leave we were having so much fun but eventually we knew it was time to head for home.  We strapped in and Darla began an abbreviated pre-flight checklist.  Since we already had the reactor online there was no need to do any of the checks prior to bringing it up.  With a sad farewell we lifted off at 1:03 AM and began our ascent to lunar orbit.  I need to mention here that I really couldn't be more pleased with how Darla handled the ship; it was like she was born to it.  Once we were 10 miles up I plotted our destination point and brought the QFGs up to 95%.  We gave each other the thumbs up and then I executed the hop.  Or at least that's what I was calling it.  I guess it could be called a leap or a jump or something more technical sounding but I liked hop.  The winking out part is really strange by the way.  One second you're in one place and then you're suddenly nowhere, if that makes any sense at all.  And then, you're somewhere else, hopefully where you want to be.  Being nowhere is really hard to describe, there really seems to be nothing around, no space, no anything, just nothing.
We winked back in about 75 miles above North America, not quite where we wanted to be though.  I would have to work on that for future flights.  We seemed to be somewhere above northern Ontario.  I could make out what I thought was Hudson Bay through the clouds so we proceeded in a generally southerly direction (couldn't go directly south, we'd miss Michigan due to the earth's rotation and end up somewhere over the Dakotas most likely.)  In slightly less than an hour we were situated over southern Michigan at an altitude of 63 miles.  I kept an eye on the external temperature gauge and cautioned Darla to keep the descent rate very slow.  She did a bang up job; the hull temperature never exceeded 560º.  I activated the homing beacon when we were in range and Darla followed it down.  We landed in the FOF (the barn) at 3:47 AM.  Mission to the moon?  Complete!  Check that one off the old bucket list.  After we landed and powered the ship down we did a quick post-flight inspection of the exterior and then called it a night.  I would look more closely at it after classes later in the day.
Here are the vital mission statistics:
Total mission time: 5 hours 42 minutes
Total time on the moon: 1 hour 46 minutes
Length of time required to travel 238,432 miles: 3 seconds
Yes, you read that correctly, 3 seconds.  When we hopped over to the moon it was 238,432 miles away and the hop time (time from when we winked out to when we winked back in) was only 3 seconds.  That works out to 79,477.33 miles per second or 286 million miles per hour.  Not bad huh? One very important thing to remember about the hop and winking in and out, it's not faster than light travel.  What happens is sort of like space gets compressed and the ship just jumps from one side to the other.  The QFGs both compress space and traverse the ship.  It's all quite amazing if I do say so myself.
At the college the next day it was all I could do to keep from telling everyone I saw that we had landed on the moon last night but I knew nobody would believe me anyway.  When I first ran into Darla she was doing a very good job of not keeping the secret of what we had done last night.  She was in the lounge leaning against the water cooler trying to get a fellow instructor to believe what she was telling him.  Fortunately he didn't take her the least bit seriously.  He walked by me on his way out of the lounge and gave me a “she's nuts” look; I could only nod.  I felt bad for her but it really had to be this way.  We couldn't have people thinking anything she was saying might be true, at least not yet.  I smiled at her after the other instructor had left the lounge and then left myself.
Back at the farm after classes that day I was in the middle of a full systems review of last night's flight when Darla came storming in, mad as hell.
“Damn you Mason!” she yelled in my face as I was sitting at the computer workstation.  “Why didn't you back me up in the lounge when I was telling Barton about what we did last night?!”
“You already know the answer to that,” I said while looking directly into her eyes.  “If I had agreed with you he would have thought us both nuts or just playing a trick on him.  Nobody in our department is ever going to believe what we did without experiencing it themselves, and that aint gonna happen.”
“But why can't it?  This is the biggest advance in physics and technology in, oh, let me think here...forever!  Shouldn't people know about this?”
“The world isn't ready for this, wouldn't you agree?”  I was very firm in my belief that what I had created was not something the general population should know about.  I just didn't trust others to use the technology for purely peaceful purposes.
Darla stepped back and relaxed,  “I guess you're right.  In the wrong hands this could be a very dangerous weapon.”
“And not only the ship as a whole,” I added.  “The individual systems, although they have peaceful applications they could easily be turned to unethical uses.”
Darla then smiled, “so when's the next flight?  I'm ready now.”
I shook my head in the negative, “the ship is grounded until I can get the depressurization/pressurization system installed.”
“Oh come on!” Darla shrieked, “let's take her for a spin, you still don't know how far she can go?”
“No,” I said, standing up and looking her square in the eye.  “This ship needs a depressurization system.  I don't feel comfortable taking it out until it does.”
“You're scared aren't you!” she shouted.  “You are just plain scared.”  She turned away and stood with her arms crossed.
“Scared?  I don't think so!”  I grabbed her by the shoulders and spun her around to face me.  She looked at me with daring in her eyes and for some reason that I can't explain I kissed her.  I kissed her long and I kissed her hard.  Needless to say, we didn't take the ship up that night.
Chapter 8

Space Truckin'

I guess you could say the next day was difficult.  At the college Darla and I had difficulty staying away from each other and when we finally got back to the farm we had difficulty getting to the barn to work on the ship.  One thing I noticed at the college was that professor Darla tried to tell about the ship; Barton is his name.  He seemed to take extra notice of both Darla and me without ever saying anything; it was almost like he was keeping tabs on us.
It was late into the evening when we finally got to the barn.  Components for the depressurization system still needed to be ordered so I got that done.  One thing done that day, yay!  Darla wanted to take the ship up for some space time so we plotted up a course and cleared the roof at 10:25 PM.  When we got to an altitude of 75 miles I fired up the QFGs.  I brought the power up to 100% and initiated the hop.  Three seconds later we found ourselves 300 miles above our sister planet - Venus!  Well this was just downright cool!  It was one thing to hop up to the moon, but Venus?!  Totally awesome.
I only brought us to the 300-mile flight level because I didn't want to get mixed up with the Venusian atmosphere, that's just downright nasty stuff.  The Soviets landed some probes on Venus beginning in the 1960s and into the 1980s but they didn't function very long.  Venera-13 lasted 127 minutes, which was the record.  They did have two atmospheric probes that lasted about 46 hours before they died though.  You wonder why these probes didn't last very long?  Well I'll tell you why.  The atmosphere is composed of carbon dioxide, hydrogen chloride, sulfur dioxide and sulfuric acid.  And, the atmospheric pressure at the surface is really high, 92 times as high as it is on earth.  It would be like being almost 3,000 feet below the surface of an ocean on earth.  It would crush you like a bug.
So we just maintained the orbit at 300 miles and took in the sights.  When we arrived we were on the dark side but as we orbited we came around to the sunny side, which started to get hot.  To keep the ship cooler we turned the ship so the underside faced the sun.  There was more Starlite on the underside, which kept us from being cooked.  While Darla took some photographs of the very dull atmosphere I did a full systems check.  When I checked the QFGs I noticed that there were some abnormal readings in the field expanders (they widen the quantum/gravitational field to allow the entire ship to pass through the tunnel that gets created).  If I couldn't get the problem fixed we might not be going home anytime soon, if ever.
After much deliberation I determined that the only way I could fix the problem was to do a complete shutdown of everything, and I mean everything.  There was a big risk in this; if the systems didn't come back online then we were going to spend the rest of our lives in orbit around Venus.  Before I shut it all down I gave Darla a big hug and a kiss for luck.  Hey, I needed something for luck, right?  We then began shutting everything down, first the QFGs, then the NGDs, then the reactor and then the battery powered systems.  It then got very dark in the cabin (we were on the dark side again) but I had actually thought ahead (amazing, I know) and retrieved two flashlights from the storage compartment in the center console between the seats.  We waited five minutes and then began powering up the ship.  I wasn't concerned about the battery powered systems but the other systems, yeah, lots of concern.  I powered up the battery systems and the lights popped on.  Yay, no need for flashlights now.  Next was the reactor, I crossed my fingers and flipped on the main power bus.  The gamma ray laser usually takes about 45 seconds to come up to full power before it can inject the reactor but it seemed like forever as we anxiously waited for it to come to life.  It did though, just like it was designed and shortly thereafter we started seeing the power meter for the reactor start to climb.
Once reactor power was at 100% we fired up the NGDs.  We didn't need full functional power yet, just enough to check them out.  They came online happily so now it was time to energize the QFGs.  I crossed my fingers and flipped the main power toggle.  At first there was nothing but after about 5 seconds we began to see the power levels begin to rise on all three QFGs.  I brought them up to 25% and ran some tests.  The results were on the low end of nominal, as in, barely up to the task, but it seemed like they would get us home.  Whew!  If not for the fact that sound doesn't travel in space you would have been able to hear our screams of joy.  Neither of us had much of a desire to spend our final days orbiting this nasty planet.
Without further ado we ran up the power to the QFGs and headed for home.  After that magical three seconds we were again safely in orbit over the North Pole.  When we landed back at the barn the first thing I did after we shut down the ship and extricated ourselves from our suits was to kiss the ground.  We called it a night and headed back to the house, the post-flight could wait.
Over the course of the next three weeks while waiting for the parts for the depressurization system to arrive I went over the QFGs with a fine tooth comb to try to figure out what had caused the nearly catastrophic issue.  The only thing I could find that wasn't quite right was a circuit board that was part of the power regulator sub-system.  To replace it I had to remove two external panels on the underside of the main pod of the ship.  What a hassle.  It was too bad I didn't have even half a brain because I wouldn't have designed the ship that way if I did.  Oh well, that would be something for the Cheryl Lynn II.
When the long awaited depressurization system components arrived I think Darla was more excited than I was, she was really looking forward to walking on the moon.  The installation of the system was a bit of a mess since the crew compartment didn't really have room for it.  But I was able to rearrange the auxiliary power and communications systems to provide the necessary room.  It took extra time but really, there was no rush.  It's not like we were on some kind of time sensitive schedule with investors or corporate bigwigs breathing down our necks.  That would really be a drag you know?  Having a bunch of know nothings holding the money bags telling you that you have to get something done by such and such a date.  What a joy.
The ship was ready for action again exactly 5 weeks after the Venus trip and I knew without any doubt where we'd be going...the moon.  The one concern other than the QFGs I had was whether the space suits would perform okay.  They were not specifically designed for EVA (outside the ship) use but the company literature did indicate they should be okay.
In the weeks leading up to the coming flight I asked the geology instructor at the college what sort of equipment a good geologist uses when collecting rocks.  The almost instantaneous answer was “rock hammer” so I went out and bought myself one.  It looked a lot like a masonry hammer but with a point at one end that the geologist said is used for precise extraction of rocks and minerals from rock outcrops. Who was I to dispute the geologist, right?  Mr. Geologist was very curious about where I was going to use the rock hammer, as there aren't many outcrops in southern Michigan.  I had to make something up about taking a trip out west to visit the Rocky Mountains next summer.  Hey! It could happen!  Probably not but it could, so don't judge me!
Okay, back to the important stuff.  The mission was planned for Sunday night; we had to wait until 11:00 PM before we could leave because of a newly instituted commercial flight from Chicago to Detroit.  No big deal really, it just made for a later night.  With my brand new rock hammer onboard and stowed in the equipment console we opened the barn doors at 11:10 PM and up we went.  So far all systems were nominal. I really like that term, it sounds so much like NASA.  Have I told you how much I respect the folks at NASA?  They're really very impressive you know.  Anyway, we got ourselves going and in what seemed like record time we were in orbit, 75 miles high.
With minimal fanfare we went through the QFG checklist.  Darla initiated the hop and 3 magical seconds later we were 10 miles above that beautiful moon.  I don't know if any of you read science fiction novels but in many of them they refer to the moon as “Luna”, the reason being that in the future with space travel being a common place thing there is more than one moon that humans visit so they distinguish the moon by the fancy name.  And it's not like that name is unique, Luna is the name for the moon in a bunch of languages.  Oh well, we were now 10 miles above the moon and looking for a good place to land.  We were in the mid-northern latitudes and situated, as luck would have it over the Mare Serenitatis.  That's Latin for the Sea of Serenity.  Here's a neat little tidbit of moon trivia for you: most of the “seas” of the moon were named by an Italian priest and astronomer by the name of Giovanni Riccioli in 1651.  No joke, 1651, that guy was awesome.  The Sea of Serenity is also where Apollo 17 landed in 1972.
Darla brought the ship down to a gentle landing about 50 meters from a big pile of rocks, something Mr. Geologist referred to as an outcrop.  I was hoping to get some rocks to show him to see if he could identify them.  I know, it was a mean thing to do but hey, who ever said I was a nice guy?
To prepare for our moonwalk we first put on our helmets and made sure they were securely fastened.  We really did look like astronauts now; it was just too bad we couldn't tell anyone about it.  We did take some pictures of each other while we were still in the ship, they would definitely look cool on the wall in the barn.
After the preliminaries were finished I depressurized the cabin, we were now in our own little self-contained environments.  I was shaking with excitement when Darla opened the door; this was something I had dreamed about for years and years, never thinking it would come true.
“Are you ready Mr. Spaceman?” Darla asked, as excited as I was.  The radio communications between the suits was quite amazing; I could hear her as if she was standing right next to me on earth.
“Let's do it!” I shouted.  I couldn't wait to get out the door but I politely gave Darla the honor of being first outside.  She respectfully declined, knowing I really wanted to be first.  Well I wasn't going to argue with her and happily stepped onto the 3-step ladder.  It wasn't as dramatic and historic as when Neil took that one small step but for me it was the most amazing thing I had ever done.  When I stepped off the ladder onto the SURFACE OF THE MOON I thought my heart was going to burst through my chest I was so excited!  I took a few tentative steps away from the ship, being careful to keep my balance.  As I looked around I recalled what Buzz Aldrin said about the landscape, “magnificent desolation”, was his description and I couldn't have said it better.  I had read that the Apollo astronauts learned that the best way to move around was by loping so I gave it a go and by golly it worked great.
“Hey wait for me!” I heard Darla call over the radio.  I looked back just in time to see her stepping onto the moon.  I couldn't see her face but I had no doubt that she was grinning from ear to ear.  This was by far the coolest thing I had ever done…by far.
We spent a few minutes just loping around the surface, Darla even tried to see how high she could leap; the gravity on the moon is only about 1/6th of what it is on the earth so she was able to make about a 6 foot jump.  Not bad for a nerdy physicist.  I took a few moments to inspect the ship, everything looked good as far as I could tell.  The landing pads had only settled a few inches into the powdery surface so there wasn't any worry there.  You'd think that over the billions of years the moon has existed it would have developed more than just a few inches of soil but hey, I'm no lunar geologist so what do I know.
We played for a few more minutes...okay, it was more like 15, and then got down to serious business.  We took each other's picture several times with different backdrops; my favorite was standing next to the Cheryl Lynn.  We then loped over to the rock outcrop to collect rocks.  We had each brought burlap sacks and proceeded to fill them.  There were many loose rocks so we quickly snatched those up.  I also noticed in the outcrop some rocks that seemed to be of a slightly different color than the surrounding rocks so I used my rock hammer to knock some out.  I was glad that hammer had a point on one end; I don't think I would have been able to get any of the rock out if it didn't.  It seems those geologists knew what they were doing when they designed those hammers.  Yay for geologists!
I think I could have stayed out there for hours and hours but I knew our oxygen supplies wouldn't last that long so we finally went back to the ship.  With melancholy in my heart (boy, that sounds mushy, doesn't it?) I closed the door after we were both back inside.  We removed our helmets after the cabin pressurized and breathed the much fresher air again of the cabin.  Looking at our suits I noticed that below the knees they were covered with dark grey moon dust.  Darla even had some above her waist, I guess from jumping around like an Olympic high jumper.
Before we strapped in for the flight home we gave each other a high five, this had been a really, really awesome experience.  And I knew this wouldn't be the last time we were here but there were other places in the vicinity that we'd want to visit.  The flight back to Earth was uneventful; we closed the roof above us at 3:45 AM and called it a night.
The next day at the college I showed Mr. Geologist a few of the rocks we collected and asked what he thought they might be.  He looked at them for a short moment and said emphatically “these are basalts, quite common in some areas but not in southern Michigan, where did you find them?”
“On the moon,” I replied with a grin.
“Oh come on Mason, I'd really like to know, he replied, slightly irritated.”
See, I just knew he wouldn't believe me, nobody would, right?  “How about this,” I said, “you keep them and analyze them so you can tell me where they're from.”  Then I smiled and walked to my class, I had some very uninspired students to teach.
At home that evening I was reading the local newspaper while eating my delicious dinner of fried chicken I bought from the local fast food joint (Darla had to visit her mother in Lansing and wasn't around), when I noticed this headline on the third page:

Local Resident Reports UFO Sighting to Police

Uh oh, I thought, that could only mean one thing: someone had seen the ship last night.  The article stated that one Mildred Barnes had been out stargazing about 11:00 PM when she saw a saucer shaped object (saucer shaped? Really lady?) fly at tremendous speed over the fields south of town and then took off for the heavens and disappeared.  Wow, what a great observation.  You'd think a stargazer would do a better job than that.  We didn't fly over the fields at all; we went straight up.  How could she mess that up?  But this was definitely a good thing, because she couldn't pinpoint where the UFO had come from and also, the article made no mention of us returning to Earth.  Hopefully that would be the end of that but for safety's sake I decided to hold off on the next flight for a few weeks.
Two weeks later at the college Mr. Geologist visited me in my office to give me the results of his analysis.
“Mason, those rocks of yours are quite interesting,” he said very suspiciously.
“How so?”
“Well, for starters, they contain 3 minerals that are not found together in any known rock formations on Earth.  Where did you say you got them?”
“I told you,” I replied, not seeming that interested in what he was telling me, “I found them on the moon.”
“Yeah, sure you did,” he replied.  “The only explanation I can come up with is that they came from the Lunar Sample Laboratory Facility in Houston, Texas.  Did you steal these?”
“Don't be ridiculous,” I laughed.  “I've never even heard of that place.  I've got more of them too; these were just a small sample.  I even have one that's a slightly lighter color than the rest.  Would you like me to bring it in?”
“Oh, please do,” he replied rather facetiously.  “I'd love to look at it.”
“Well okay then, I'll bring it in someday if I don't forget.”
With that Mr. Geologist turned with a huff and left my office.  I was actually kind of amazed he was able to determine that they were from the moon.  I had always thought he was kind of dumb as geologists go (based on what some of my students had told me about him) but it seemed I might be wrong.
The next day he was back in my office, with arms crossed and a very determined look on his face.  “I checked with the lab in Texas and they haven't had any rocks stolen so now you really need to tell me where you got these.”
“Becker,” that was his real name, Bill Becker, “I've already told you.  I got them on the moon, two sacks worth.  What's so hard to believe about that?”  I tossed that question in just to piss him off, and boy was he ever.
“Damn it Mason!  We're professional academics here.  This may be a small out of the way college in the middle of nowhere but we still have an academic code to uphold.  Tell me the truth or I'm going to bring you up to the academic board for unethical behavior!”
“Unethical?!” I shouted.  “You call me unethical?  I've told you nothing but the truth.  I'll even submit to a lie detector and prove it to you.”  I gave him a very hard look to let him know I meant what I said.  “Rather than not believing what I have been telling you, you should instead be asking how I was able to retrieve them.”  Oh boy, there I went again spilling the beans.  “But your lack of trust in my academic professionalism has made me decide to terminate this conversation.  Keep the rocks though, I hope you enjoy them.”  With that I pointed to the door and indicated it was time for him to leave.  Exasperated, he stormed out.  Hopefully that was the end of that.
But unfortunately it wasn't.  About a week later Mr. Geologist showed up at the farm just as I was walking out to the barn to do some work on the ship.
“Mason, I'm glad you're here.  I ran some further analyses on those rocks and they definitely have more characteristics that identify them as moon rocks.  Now I know you say you got them on the moon and in my mind's eye that's just impossible but the evidence tells me otherwise.  So please, how did you get them?”
“Bill,” I sighed, “I really did tell you the truth.  I collected them on the moon.  I can't tell you how I did it but I did.  As I told you at the college, I have more if you'd like to see them.”  I started walking back in the house and Becker followed without the slightest hesitation.
“Oh hi Bill,” Darla said when we came inside.  “You here to see more of those rocks?”
Bill looked a bit dumfounded; I guess he didn't expect to see Darla sitting at the dining room table.  “Uh, hi Professor Billings. I don't know if it's good for you to hang out with this guy, he seems kind of crazy.”
“Please, call me Darla, we're not at the college you know.  Mason and I have been working on some super string theory concepts lately and it's just easier for us to work here than at the college.  And he's definitely crazy, there's no doubt about that.”  Yeah, sure Darla, whatever you say.
“Give me one second Bill,” I said as I walked down the hallway to the bedroom/extra storage room.  “I just want to find the rocks that seem the most interesting.”
I retrieved one of the burlap sacks and brought it out to the dining room table.  “Here Bill, these are for you.  Some of them don't look like the others, maybe you can figure out why.”
Bill just looked at the rocks, not knowing whether to believe me or not.
“Oh, they're from the moon alright,” Darla chimed in.  “I know.  I was there when they were collected.”
Bill just looked at Darla in stunned silence and then reached in the sack and started pulling rocks out.  “And when did you collect these?” he asked in a voice barely above a whisper.
“Oh, about three weeks ago,” Darla replied.  “At the Sea of Serenity or something like that.”
“Yep,” I confirmed, “Mare Serenitatis for you Latin speakers.”  Bill didn't even bother to look up he was so engrossed in the rocks.
“You know,” he began, “if I'm ever going to be able to publish any papers about these rocks you'll have to tell me how you were able to get there and get them.”
“Sorry Bill, no can do at this time,” I answered.  “That's just not possible.”
“Maybe someday?”
“Maybe someday, but don't count on it.”  I suspected someday would be never but I didn't bother to tell him that.
“I've got a theory about how you acquired them,” he said.  “I think you're part of a secret NASA project to explore the moon.  It fits you know.  You have ties to NASA through your father and you're a physicist who has an interest in new propulsion systems for rockets.”
“I will neither confirm nor deny your suggestion,” I said with a smile.  “So, who wants a beer?”  That helped Becker forget all about the rocks and we spent the rest of the evening drinking and telling stories about the different professors at the college.
Chapter 9

Red Sky in Morn'

The next day Darla and I began making plans for our next mission, something a little further away than the moon.  Before we could go though I needed to replace some of the circuit boards controlling the igniter for the reactor.  I think a minor amount of radiation was leaking from the core and causing problems with the components in some of the boards.  Rather than try to track down the leak I decided to just replace the boards as needed and keep spares on the ship in case there was a problem with one during a flight.
The delivery from the supply house seemed to take longer than normal and I couldn't figure out why.  The guy I always dealt with didn't have any explanation for it.  Oh well, there was nothing I could do about it so we just bided our time until the boards arrived.  When they did arrive I wasted no time getting them installed, I was excited to get going on our next trip.
By now it was wintertime and snow was everywhere, something I didn't expect to see where we were planning on going.  We scheduled the flight for a Saturday night, but it ended up being early Sunday morning because of weather delays.  Before we opened the roof doors I took a look around outside to make sure nobody was lurking around, not like I could really see anything in the dark though but I felt better doing it.  It had been about 7 weeks since that last flight so if anyone was out there they sure were persistent.
We preflighted the ship and everything checked out so we (finally) opened the doors and got her up.  Fifteen minutes later we were at our preferred 75-mile altitude and ready to initialize the QFGs.  I spun them up and wasted no time initiating the leap.  Three seconds later we were in orbit approximately 150 miles above the planet Mars!  This hopping around from planet to planet was pretty darned cool stuff and it was a real shame that it was Darla and I who had to do it.  Facetious?  Me?  Nah.
We spent about 5 minutes looking out the window at the red planet and then returned to earth...yeah, right.  Can you imagine us doing that?  What we really did was determined where we were and then decided where to land.  The Cheryl Lynn was going to land on Mars!  We found that we were in the northern latitudes and we seemed to be over an area called Utopia Planitia, which was, believe it or not where Viking-2 landed.  Now how cool is that?
Unlike our moon, Mars has an atmosphere but it's really thin compared to the Earth's.  It still burns up fast moving objects that encounter it though.  That's why landers have to have an ablation shield, just like if they were landing on Earth.  Did you know that the first human hardware to land on Mars was the Soviet Mars-2 lander back in 1971?  It didn't fare so well though, it crashed, likely due to its excessive speed on entry into the atmosphere.  And there's another thing Mars has that our moon doesn't have, big dust storms with high winds, upwards of about 60 miles per hour.  But the funny thing about the high winds: the atmosphere isn't even close to being as dense as it is on earth so they don't have the ability to really blow stuff over like winds do on Earth.  They can only blow all that dust around because the dust particles are really small and light.  It really is funny, in some ways Mars is very much like Earth but in many others it's completely different.
Back to the mission.  We kept our entry speed slow such that the highest temperature recorded on the lower pod was only 475ºF.  As we descended we noticed that the sky seemed darker than what I'd come to expect from pictures I'd seen.  We also noticed what appeared to be static electricity (not lightning), as we got even lower.  I'd read that Martian dust particles are somewhat electrostatic so that would account for the electricity.  Weird, huh?
Well we certainly didn't want to get hit by any electrical discharges so we reversed direction and made our way back to orbit, or at least that's what the plan was.  About 10 seconds after we started ascending we got hit by a static electrical shock that must have fried one of the circuit boards because we began losing power and rather than going up we were now going down.
Our descent rate wasn't so high that we crashed but we did have a very firm landing.  Wee!  We were on Mars!  Not quite the way we had planned it though.  We were also leaning to the right about 15 degrees, I suspected the left pod had landed on a sizable rock but wouldn't know for sure until we went outside for a little Martian surface time.
Of more immediate concern however was the state of the ship's electrical systems.  If we couldn't fix them then we'd be the first humans to spend the end of their days on the red planet.  Now don't get me wrong, Mars was a cool place to be but I didn't want to meet my end there, and neither did Darla.
I don't think I've told you this yet but I'd actually started thinking about a future together with Darla.  Scary, right?  But I was actually quite happy about it.  This thing between us had become more than a short-lived romance, we both really cared for each other and by golly, I didn't want a day to go by without it including her.  Love.  Yep, that's what it was, no doubt about it.
Okay, enough of the mushy stuff, back to the matter at hand.  We noticed that we weren't losing all of our power; it was just confined to the NGDs.  That was a good sign, I had feared that the reactor was damaged and that would have been much worse.
I did a complete diagnostic on the NGD electrical systems while Darla took some pictures of the landscape.  We were in what appeared to be a valley, possibly a crater, the surface rose gently to all sides.  When she took the first picture she became the first human to take a photograph from the Martian surface, now that's something to tell the grandkids.
It didn't take me long to track the problem to a circuit board that regulates the energy flow to the port side NGD.  That explained why we didn't plummet to the surface, the other two were working correctly.  It was a good thing I had brought extra circuit boards along otherwise we would be stranded.  Was I smart or what?!
To replace the board I would have to, yep, you guessed it, go outside and remove a panel for access.  But we really didn't mind, we wanted to walk on Mars and now we would get our chance.  So we donned our helmets, depressurized the ship and opened the door.  I gave Darla the honor of being the first human to WALK ON THE SURFACE OF MARS.  Looking back at it now it still blows me away.  I took a bunch of pictures of her as she exited and then stepped on the planet, now these would really be something to show those grandkids.  I quickly followed her out the door with the required tools and board in hand.  We walked around a bit before getting to work.  It was really cool too; the gravity on Mars is only about 38% of what it is on Earth so it was easy to hop around.  Not quite like the moon but still easy.  By looking at the sky I could tell the dust storm was still active (the sky was darker than I believe it normally would be) but it was hard to notice the wind blowing, thanks to that thin atmosphere.
We took pictures of each other next to the ship and in the open with the landscape as a backdrop; these would be fun to show Mr. Geologist (just the landscape shots, not the ones with the ship.)  I then got to work on the circuit board replacement.  Luckily, the panel was on the lateral side of the pod and not underneath it.  The left pod of the ship by the way had landed on a long flat rock, which actually made it easier for me to do the work as it was higher up and I didn't have to bend down.  I broke the Starlite seals along the edges of the panel and then did the board swap out.  After I replaced the panel I had to re-seal the edges or we'd burn up on entry to Earth's atmosphere (that would be bad).  The Starlite was in gel form and designed to be applied at about 75ºF but it was a bit colder here, 35ºF and it was late morning I believe.  The temperature can get really cold on Mars at night, downwards of -80ºF to -90ºF with record lows even lower.  Yikes that's cold!  But anyway, the Starlite didn't want to spread very well but I did, I believe, get it to seal the panel edges, I guess we'd find out on re-entry to Earth.
After finishing the pod work I caught up with Darla and we explored and collected rocks.  I noticed they were much different than the ones we collected on the moon.  Why am I not surprised?  We filled two burlap bags of rocks and hauled them back to the ship.  Hopefully we'd be back someday to collect more.
There was one more thing I needed to do before we headed back to Earth.  I went back outside and asked Darla to join me.  When she was outside I went down on one knee and asked her to marry me.  Her response was kind of unexpected.
“Are you frikking kidding?!” She yelled.  “You ask me to marry you here, on Mars?!  That's nuts!  You're quite insane Mason.”
“Well,” I asked, “Will you?”
“Of course I will you crazy man!  I'm no fool.”
Well there you have it, the first marriage proposal on the planet Mars.  We spent another few minutes roaming around, holding gloved hands, two happy little Martian lovebirds.
As much as we wanted to stay and savor the moment, we had to get ourselves home.  My only real concern was whether the Starlite patching would hold but we couldn't avoid it so home we went.
When we began re-entry I kept a keen eye on the outer hull temperature and the port side NGD electrical system.  Seeing as you're reading this I'm sure you know by now that the patch held...yay!  And whew!  It was just after 5:30 AM when we landed and closed the roof doors, safely back home from the very first visit by humans to the planet Mars!
Chapter 1O

Nosy People

We didn't get much sleep that very short night.  Both Darla and I had to be at the college for 9:00 AM classes.  That sure would be fun.  Maybe today I would surprise my entry-level students with a lecture about quantum fields and gravity.  That would definitely blow them away.  But they would all just complain to the dean about that crazy Dr. Mason teaching them something they couldn't understand.  So instead I taught them the basics of optics, necessary but very, very dull.  I think I even heard one of the students snoring and I couldn't blame them.
In the lounge after class I saw Darla talking to the department secretary.  When they noticed me, the secretary, her name is Wendy, came stomping over to me and got right in my face.
“What's wrong with you Mason?” she shouted.  “Don't you know how to propose to a lady?”
“Not sure what you mean by that Wendy,” I replied in a calm, smooth, almost bored tone.
“You know what I mean, damn it.  When you propose to a lady you give her a ring.”  And then she left the lounge, muttering something to herself.
Darla came over after Wendy was gone.  “Sorry about that,” she said.  “I had no idea she would do that.”
“Oh, I don't mind, she's always been a bit demonstrative.”  More like a total pain in the rear but I wanted to keep things on the happy side.
About 30 seconds later other instructors, including some from other departments came by and started congratulating us on our engagement.  Someone asked where we were when I proposed and before I could say anything Darla spoke up and announced that it was at the Museum of Magic in Marshall.  Hey, works for me.  I guess I didn't realize I had an interest in magic and didn't even know the place existed.
When my last class of the day was finished I strolled over to the geology department to visit Mr. Geologist, I had something new to show him!  When I entered his office, Becker greeted me with a warm hello.  Ha!  No chance of that ever happening.
“Mason, what the heck do you want?” he inquired in his happy go lucky way (I'm really being facetious here).
“Oh, just wanted to bring you a couple more rocks.  I don't really know what they are but I'm curious to know about them.”
“Where'd they come from?”
“Mars, I think we were in a crater somewhere in Utopia Planitia.”
“I should have known better than to expect an honest answer,” he snarled.  But he did take the rocks when I handed them to him.  He looked briefly at them and then said, “one is a sandstone, and the other is a shale.  I heard you and Darla were in Marshall over the weekend.  There are outcrops of the Marshall Sandstone around there and I think that's what your sandstone is.  The shale is likely from the Coldwater Shale formation.”
I shook my head in the negative.  “Nope, they're from Mars.  Please do some testing on them; I'm sure you'll see that they're different than this Marshall Sandstone and Coldwater Shale you speak of.  And really, I don't know why you doubt me.  Those rocks I gave you previously, you've proven they're from the moon just like I said they were.”
“Sure, I'll run some tests on them but you know it's just going to waste my time.  I have many examples of the Marshall and Coldwater in the lab, and no doubt these will match up quite nicely.  And I still have some doubts about those moon rocks.”  He did the air quotes thing when he said moon rocks, what an ass.
“How about we place a little bet on that, sir?”  It wouldn't really be a fair wager but so what, he deserved it.
“What did you have in mind?”  Wow was he being smug.
“Oh, let's keep it simple, how about a case of real French champagne to the winner?”
“You're on,” he replied, and we shook hands to seal the deal.
When Darla and I left the college that evening, rather than head back to the farm we went in to downtown Coldwater to a jewelry store for the traditional post-engagement buying of the engagement ring.  As we entered the store I noticed two men dressed in fancy suits get out of a car across the street.  It seemed to me that one of them had a camera but I really didn't care, I wanted to buy my fiancée a diamond ring.
It seemed to take forever in the store; Darla was very picky about the ring.  I didn't care though; I wanted her to have what she wanted.  I ended up paying the piper $10,000 for the ring.  As I was paying for it I could only think “gee, that's only about a quarter of the price of a space suit, not bad.”
When we left the store those two fancy men were still across the street.  As we walked to our car I saw them get back in theirs and damn it if they didn't start following us.  Something was definitely up.  Had we somehow drawn the attention of people who now knew our secret?  They followed us as far as the driveway to the farm and then they drove by without stopping.  We would definitely have to watch ourselves from now on.
We had planned on taking the Cheryl Lynn up for a short spin on the weekend but we decided to postpone that for a while to see if those fancy men would get bored and leave.  Every day for the next 2 weeks I made a point of going in to Coldwater, usually to the grocery store, just to see if those guys were still hanging around.  I saw them every day but one Monday and the following Wednesday.  On one trip I visited the local hardware store where I had become good friends with the owner and asked him if he had seen the two men.  He said he had and that they had even asked about me, what sort of things I bought, that sort of stuff.  Well they wouldn't get much out of Mr. Hardware Store; I only bought typical things a person might use around a house and farm.
One day at the college during the time we were grounded I visited Mr. Geologist and asked about his analysis of the Martian rocks.  He wasn't so smug this time.
“So, what did you learn about those rocks Becker?” I asked.
“Well Mason, I owe you a case of champagne.  The sandstone is definitely not Marshall and the shale is without a doubt not Coldwater.  Neither rock has any of the markers evident in rocks from those formations.  I know you say you collected them on Mars but you know I can't believe that, unless you went there as part of that secret NASA program I think you're involved with.”
“Not involved with NASA,” I said, shaking my head.  “Here, let me show you a picture of where we were.  I had made one of the landscape pictures the background on my iPad and showed it to him.  His eyes lit up and then he looked back at me.
“You took this?”
“Nah, Darla did while I did a little maintenance.”  I didn't see any reason not to be honest with him.  He didn't believe me anyway.
“You must be working with NASA, that's the only possible explanation.”
“Believe what you wish Becker but I am not working for or with NASA.”  I then left his office, leaving him more confused about what we were doing.
About three weeks after I first noticed the fancy men they finally seemed to have left the area so Darla and I made preparations for our next little jaunt.  It was very early on a Saturday morning a week later when we opened the doors and took the ship up.  During our enforced break from wandering the heavens I installed a surveillance system at the farm, it would be interesting to see if it recorded anything while we were gone.
Once we achieved orbit we wasted no time in making the hop over to Mars, we both wanted to spend more time exploring and collecting rocks.  We also wanted to get some pictures of Olympus Mons from orbit, which is where we were headed.  It took a few minutes (more like 35) to get us there after we arrived in orbit but once we got there we were not disappointed.  That mountain is huge!  It's said to be the highest known mountain in our solar system and I could see why.  I mean the thing is 22 kilometers tall, that's almost 14 miles!  Well, 13.67 to be more precise but still, that's high.  It's tall enough that astronomers in the 19th century were able to identify it as a unique feature of the planet.
Another little tidbit about Olympus Mons: when Mariner 9 entered orbit around Mars in 1971 it was during a global dust storm.  The very first planetary feature that it observed once the dust started to settle after the storm ended was Olympus Mons.  Pretty cool, huh?  We were in complete and total awe of the mountain, we couldn't even begin to conceive of a mountain so high on Earth.  The highest mountain on Earth is Mt. Everest and that's only 8.8 kilometers high, not even half as tall as Olympus Mons.
We took about a million pictures of the mountain, it would be fun to show Mr. Geologist one or two of them just to mess with him some more.  When we decided we'd taken enough pictures we brought the ship down to get some surface level pictures and collect some rocks.  We found a good spot that was relatively flat and landed for the second time on Mars, still an amazing thing to me.  We donned our helmets, depressurized the cabin and then popped outside for a walkabout and some pictures and rock collecting.  There was definitely more dust at this landing site than the previous one, not sure why that is though.  After some exploring, Darla took pictures and I collected rocks, or at least the ones I could find.  The thick dust made rock collecting a chore and I had to use the rock hammer to knock the dust off most of the rocks I found.  These rocks definitely looked different than the sandstone and shale we collected at the earlier site.  I'm no geologist, not even an amateur one but I suspected these were some kind of volcanic rocks from their proximity to the mountain.
When we packed up to leave we thought briefly about visiting one of the polar caps but decided to head home, we didn't want to exhaust our oxygen supply and as space tourists we were both kind of tired.  It was really strange hopping amongst the moon and planets; we'd leave under the cloak of darkness and show up elsewhere in the bright light of day.  And then, we'd go back to the dark of night again.  It was a bit discombobulating to say the least.
We arrived home just before 5:00 AM but not without some excitement.  While we were gone a heavy snowstorm had blown in and made landing the ship an exercise in instrument only landing procedures.  I sure was glad we had the homing beacon to guide us down, without it we probably would have crashed in some farm field south of Battle Creek (look it up on a map, it's west of Marshall.)
Lucky for us it was Sunday when we climbed out of bed late in the morning.  I was curious if the surveillance system had recorded any snoops around the place and sure enough it did.  The system uses infrared cameras so it was easy to see two men prowling around the grounds.  They tested both the house and the barn doors to see if they were open but didn't try to break in.  They also tried looking in some of the house windows.  We never keep anything of importance in the house so if they saw anything it wasn't going to provide them with any worthwhile information.
I really did wonder who these guys were.  They looked like they might have been the two fancy men who had been watching us but I couldn't tell for sure.  I could only suspect that they had watched us take the ship up and probably land it as well so they definitely had an inkling of an idea of what we were doing.  I doubt they knew the real capabilities of the ship though.  Even if they knew what every part was that I used in its construction there was no way they could know what she could do.  Or at least I hoped they couldn't know.  Yeah, in a big way I hoped they didn't know.  But who the heck were these guys?  Were they from some secret government agency?  Or maybe some syndicate of really evil guys like SPECTRE?  James Bond, remember?  I really wish I knew.  I thought about just walking up to them and asking them but who knows how they might respond.  I mean, they might kidnap me and shoot me up with truth serum and torture me until I talked...or something like that.  I decided instead to ignore them since they hadn't done anything nefarious yet.
Monday at the college I visited Mr. Geologist to present him with some of the rocks from the latest trip.  I told him where we collected them, he didn't believe me of course, and that I thought they might be related to the mountain.  He gave them a quick look as he always did and announced that they were some type of basalt, which is definitely of volcanic origin.  He said he'd do an analysis of them even though I couldn't show him real proof that they did come from Mars.  As I turned to leave his office I gave him some advice, “I know Becker that you still don't believe me about where these rocks come from but if I were you I'd start preparing papers about them because eventually, maybe years from now, it will be formally revealed that the rocks do come from where I say they do.”
“Okay,” he nodded.  “How about this, there is a large asteroid by the name of Vesta.  You get me some rocks from there with pictures showing the asteroid from space as well as on the surface and maybe I'll consider it.”
“Oh!” I spat out.  “I almost forgot, I have some pictures of Olympus Mons from orbit as well as from the surface, let me show them to you.”  I then showed him the pictures on the iPad that Darla had taken.  Hers are always much better than the ones I take.  I guess some people have a better knack for photography than others.
I think the pictures really blew him away but he was still somewhat skeptical.  “Could you send me these?  I'd like to do some image searches to see if you just downloaded them from some website.”
“Sure,” I replied.  “I'll send them to you now.”  I sent him about 20 of the best pictures, all the while knowing he wouldn't find them on any websites.
“Good luck with your search,” I said smiling as I left his office.
Another day down, another successful day of messing with Mr. Geologist, could life at the college get any better?
Things took a turn when I saw three guys in fancy suits waiting outside my office.  Ugh, this was not going to be fun. But hey, maybe I was wrong.  Maybe they were there to tell me I had won the physics instructor of the month award.  Yeah, right.
At the door to my office one of them stepped forward.  “Are you Professor Michael Mason?” he said in a very stern voice.
“Why yes I am,” I replied, still happy from my encounter with Mr. Geologist.  “And who might you be my good man?”
“I'm Agent Kocher, and these men are Agents Alward and Scofield.  We're from the Federal Aviation Administration.  Could we go in your office and talk?”
“Sure,” I said, “come on in.”  I opened the door and escorted them in.  “How can I help you?” I asked when we were all inside and the door was closed.
Kocher spoke first, “We've had reports from airports in Detroit, Lansing and Kalamazoo of radar signatures that appear at altitudes of approximately 1000 feet, go straight up, and then disappear at the high altitude range of the radars.  They've triangulated the position at which the signatures appear and they seem to be coming from the vicinity of your home.  Would you know anything about this?”
I looked at Agent Kocher and smiled, “you're joking right? I'm a college physics instructor, not an airplane pilot.”
Agent Alward replied, “we didn't say anything about airplanes professor.”
“So what are you talking about then?” I asked.
“We were hoping you could tell us,” answered Agent Scofield.
I put on my nerdy physicist hat at this point.  “Well, let's think about this for a moment.  You say it appears on radar at about 1000 feet.  What is significant about 1000 feet?”
This time it was Kocher who answered.  “That's the lowest altitude the radars from those airports can detect airborne objects in this area.”
“Hmm,” I said.  “And then the radar signatures go straight up, correct?”
“Yes,” Kocher replied.  “The radars lose the signatures at 60,000 feet, the high end of their altitude range.”
“The only think I can think of,” I said, “would be a rocket.  But I don't know of anyone launching any rockets in my neck of the woods.  And wouldn't a rocket make a loud noise, possibly a sonic boom if it was going fast enough?  I haven't heard any loud noises or booms either.”
Scofield spoke up.  “That's one of the things that has us puzzled professor.”
“If you'd like,” I said, “I could ask some of the people who live nearby to see if they've seen or heard anything but as I said, I don't know of anyone launching rockets out there.”
“That's okay professor,” Kocher said.  “We can do that, it's our investigation.”  That it was I thought.  “Well, good luck.  If there's anything else you need please just let me know.”
They each handed me their business cards.  “That we will,” Kocher said.  “Thank you for your time professor.”
“You're quite welcome gentlemen.”  Then they left, hopefully never to be seen again.  At home that evening I related the entire encounter to Darla, I had no doubt those agents would be talking with her soon.  One thing we were both stumped about was that the FAA guys didn't look like either of the two fancy men we had seen in the previous weeks.  What the heck was going on here?
Chapter 11

Rocks in Space

We didn't want our celestial body visitation program to slow down just because those FAA guys were snooping around so we began preparations for our next flight.  Mr. Geologist mentioned that asteroid called Vesta.  I knew very little about it so I did some research.  Turns out that it's the second largest object in the asteroid belt, the largest being Ceres.  Well, I thought, rather than just go to Vesta why not go to Ceres as well and kill two birds with one stone?  That would really throw Becker for a loop.
So before I go any further I need to let you know what Darla was doing in the evenings.  Ever since I proposed, she started looking into wedding stuff.  You know, gowns, wedding party, reception hall.  That sort of stuff.  For me this was all just kind of crazy.  I had never really thought about the wedding, I guess I just figured we'd go down to the courthouse and have some judge do the deed.  But it seemed Darla had other plans.  Who was I to argue though, right?
Okay, sorry for the interruption, back to the flight prep for the “Mission to Ceres and Vesta.”  Sounds pretty cool, don't you think?  When I think of the asteroid belt I think of lots of big rocks floating around blocking the way from Mars to Jupiter.  But that's not the case at all.  There have been about a dozen space probes that have been sent through the belt and asteroids haven’t smashed a single one of them.  The simple fact is, even though there are lots and lots of asteroids out there in that belt, there is a lot more space than asteroids, a lot.  So any concerns I had about the ship getting crunched by a rock were put to rest.  One thing people forget about space is that's it's really, really vast.  The space taken up by planets and sun and all the other stuff out there is really small compared to the volume of empty space, and that's just in our solar system.
For this mission Darla and I were able to leave on a weekday as it was holiday break and the school was closed.  I had done some calculations and determined that the oxygen supply would be good for about 48 hours.  We wanted to go for longer so we loaded some extra oxygen tanks that could be used to replenish the onboard supply.  We also stocked food in the storage compartments and modified the cabin to handle “other” necessities that us humans have.  You know what they are without me telling you.  You know you do.  After all the modifications and stocking we determined we could last 5 days.  I know what you're thinking, the Apollo astronauts could last over 8 days in space, why only 5?  Well I'll tell you why.  When I designed the ship, in my infinite wisdom, I never thought I'd be out for more than a few hours.  Really smart, I know. But hey, technically I was a rocket scientist so put that in your pipe and smoke it.
I did make one small modification to the ship before we left; I painted the following phrase on the starboard side just aft of the door  “Supergreditur!”  It means, “rise above!” in Latin.  I know, kind of dorky but I liked it so lighten up.
It was about 1:30 AM when we cleared the doors and began our ascent.  As we rose I noticed not one but two vehicles parked along the road.  Funny thing about them though was that they were nowhere near each other.  One was parked about a quarter mile to the east and the other was about the same distance to the west.  Maybe they were just coordinating their surveillance.  But hey, I really didn't care; we were on our way to the heavens.  There is something really cool about that too, you just forget about everything else going on and get completely enraptured with the sheer amazement of what you're doing and where you're going.
When we achieved our 75 mile altitude we dialed in the course to Vesta, spun up the QFGs and wouldn't you know it, we had to wait for our orbital position to become favorable for the hop.  It was no big deal though; we just took some pictures and video of North America, Greenland and Europe while we waited.  Once we had an acceptable line to Vesta we initiated the hop.  We popped in about 50 miles from the asteroid, as I didn't want to risk running into any close orbiting micro-asteroids.  Vesta is only about 326 miles in diameter but it still has enough of a gravitational pull to draw in smaller rocks.  When we began our approach to Vesta using the NGDs we had to increase the power to the pods because of the lesser gravity.  Final approach took longer when compared to flights to the moon and planets but we still arrived so we didn't care.
We dropped down to about 500 meters to look for a good landing site.  It took quite some time to find a good spot as the surface is very heavily cratered.  But eventually we found a nice site and Darla brought the ship down for a very gentle landing.  First human landing on an asteroid!
We quickly donned our helmets and depressurized the cabin so we could get outside and wander around but we then noticed how dark it was outside.  Great, just great.  We had landed at dusk and it would be dark soon.  The good thing though was that Vesta rotates very quickly, one rotation every 5 hours and 18 minutes.  So rather than wander around in complete darkness we re-pressurized the cabin and removed our helmets.  There really wasn't much to do so we decided to have a little close contact fun, if you get my drift.  If you're wondering, that was also a first for humans.
It's amazing how time flies sometimes.  We had barely re-suited when we saw the first light of dawn.  Darla hurried and took some really awesome pictures of the sunrise.  The sun is very small from Mars, it's even smaller from Vesta, but it does provide enough light to see.  We hurried to get our helmets on (again) and depressurized the cabin (again) and opened the door.  Being the gentleman that I am, I gave Darla the honor (again) of taking the first steps on this new ball of rock.  As she walked around she noticed that it seemed much like the moon but even easier to bounce.  I wasted no time in joining her outside; she wasn't going to be the only human out there.  The gravity of Vesta is only about 25 hundredths of Earth's gravity (that's really not much gravity at all) so we were like super-humans as we explored and collected rocks.
The surface of Vesta is really heavily cratered so there are lots of rocks everywhere.  There were areas that we had to avoid because there were just too many jagged rocks to deal with.  We sure didn't want to damage one of our space suits tripping over or falling on one of those things.  That would be a bad thing.  The surface is also very, very grey, very much like the moon.  It is my opinion that asteroids are not the place to go if you like lots of color in your world.
We stayed out on the surface for the full 2 and a half hours of daylight and closed the door as the sun was setting.  After we normalized the cabin we decided to take a sleep break.  Even though we had only been gone for about 13 hours it seemed longer and we were both tired.  We set an alarm for 6 hours so we would have time to eat and get ready for our next “Vesta Excursion.”  Sounds sort of like a vacation slogan doesn't it?  I know what you're thinking, 6 hours?  Why not 2?  Well I'll tell you why; we decided to sleep through the day so that's why 6 hours.
I must say we had the most refreshing nap.  The only sounds we heard were the low hum of the onboard electrical systems and for Darla, my snoring.  When I was wide-awake I took a look at some of the rocks we had collected.  I expected them to be much like the basalts from the moon and some were but others were much different, they had what looked to be chunks of other rocks in them.  I had no clue what they were but I had no doubt Mr. Geologist would easily see what they were.
We took our time eating and preparing for our next trip outside.  Our timing was impeccable; we opened the door just as the sun was rising.  This time I was first out the door and had Darla wait inside the ship so I could walk far enough away so I could get some good pictures of her exiting the door.  I took what seemed like hundreds of pictures of her as she exited and then started wandering around the ship.  We then changed roles and she took a slew of pictures of me trying to look like I knew what I was doing.  If you think about it, Mr. Geologist really should have been the one here, not us.  But hey, too bad for him.  And I really couldn't see us having him onboard either.  It was a big risk for me to allow Darla to join the project, another person would be one too many.  And he wasn't pretty like Darla either so the heck with him, right?!
When we completed our latest excursion we decided to take another sleep break and then prepare for departure.  “Mason Space Ways Flight 1 now departing for Ceres, please board the spacecraft now.”  Sounds pretty cool, doesn't it?  Hmm, not a bad idea...
Anyway, after our nap we said our goodbyes to Vesta and powered up the Cheryl Lynn for the trip to Ceres.  When we were settled into orbit about 20 miles high I set the coordinates for Ceres in the navigational computer.  We had to wait about 20 minutes for the flight path to clear but once it did we initiated the hop.  After the magical 3 seconds we found ourselves located in orbit approximately 40 miles above the dwarf planet.  And unlike when we landed on Vesta, it was daytime.  Yay!
What a funny thing to call it, “dwarf planet.”  It seems the International Astronomical Union came up with that designation in 2006 to differentiate planets from smaller solar system objects that don't quite make it as full-fledged planets.  That designation also caused Pluto to lose its status as a planet.  Darn that IAU!  I liked Pluto as a planet although I really don't know why.  It's not like Pluto ever did anything for me or influenced me in any way whatsoever and I never had any sort of interaction with it either.  Oh well, I guess it's because as a kid I was taught that there were nine planets.
Here's a tidbit of knowledge about Ceres, in addition to being larger than Vesta, Ceres has one other general physical characteristic that sets it apart from Vesta, it's mostly spherical.  Vesta doesn't have enough of a gravitational field to make itself round.
I knew there were some very unique features on the surface of Ceres and thought it might be nice to land close to one.  If nothing else we could take some pictures from low orbit, those would be nice to show some astronomer sometime.  Speaking of astronomers, there was one in the Physics department at the college; it would be fun to show her some photos from our wanderings.
The feature we targeted was known as Piazzi, named after the Italian priest who discovered Ceres in 1801.  I think it's odd that more than a few of the earlier astronomers were men of the cloth.  Were they bored and wanted something interesting to do?  Who can say, right?
Okay, back on track now.  Piazzi is a dark feature that is thought to be outgassing water vapor but we had the damnedest time finding it so we set our sights on a mountain called Ahuna Mons.  It's a bright feature compared to the surrounding area.  Some say it's an ice volcano with salts covering the slopes.  If that's true then I think that's really cool.
On our way to the mountain we took a low pass over one of the bright spots that made the news when the Dawn spacecraft approached Ceres in 2015.  We took loads of pictures from different directions.  The folks at NASA think these bright spots are some type of salts that reflect more light than the surrounding rocks.  Whatever it might be caused by, it sure was cool cruising over.  It's too bad we didn't have another ship.  Then we could have taken pictures of one ship flying over the bright spot.  Now that would be awesome!  Maybe if Mason Space Ways gets up and running we could do it.  You never know, it could happen.  Oh stop being such a pessimist, it could happen!
When we arrived at Ahuna Mons we took more pictures and some video before landing.  I had forgotten that the digital cameras we were using could take video, dummy me.  We also took some video using the built-in video system on the ship.  We set the ship down approximately 10 miles from the mountain in an area that was very smooth compared to Vesta.  Now don't get me wrong, there are lots of craters on Ceres, but this area was less populated with them.  Ceres rotates once every 9 hours so we'd have more sunlight than we had on Vesta.  From what we could tell, it was just past dawn where we landed so we would have about 4 and 1/2 hours of sunlight.  We hurried to get out the door; Darla was first of course.  I got some nice video of her stepping out onto the surface and then I followed her outside.  The gravity was just slightly greater on Ceres than on Vesta so we still bounced around like super-humans.
Just like we did on Vesta, we took a slew of pictures and collected lots of rocks.  We also took some rather impressive video of the mountain.  It was the most bizarre looking mountain I had ever seen.  My guess was that it was due its icy nature.  On Earth of course ice volcanoes don't exist so this was definitely unique.  It would have been nice to land on the slopes of the volcano but we didn't know what the surface would actually be like.  Heck, we might land and slide around like a sled, wouldn't that be fun.  Mmm, no.  So instead, we kept our distance and collected some very unusual looking rocks, much different from those on Vesta though.  Vesta and Ceres were both in the asteroid belt but they sure were different.
It wasn't until the sun started to set when we finally retreated to the ship.  We had ourselves a nice meal and then took a sleep break, with some close contact time as well.  That was a given, right?
After our sleep break we decided we wanted to get closer to the mountain so we powered up the ship and climbed up to about 50 meters so we could cruise around for a more ideal spot.  As we approached the mountain the terrain got a bit hillier but we were able to find a good spot approximately 4 miles from the base of the mountain.  Before we landed we cruised around the mountain and took some pictures and video.  Up close it was even stranger looking, this was one bizarre mountain indeed.
I was hoping to find different sorts of rocks at this closer landing site but they seemed similar to the ones from the earlier site.  We collected a bunch though and took more pictures and video.  I also got some nice pictures of Darla with the mountain in the background.  Maybe I'd make a postcard and title it “Hello from Ceres.”  Now that would be cool.  We stayed outside and played for about 3 hours on this Ceres walk.  We were both starving when we got back to the ship so we had ourselves a nice meal of vacuum packed turkey sandwiches and drink packs.  We prepared the food by the way.  We spent way too much time in the kitchen preparing and vacuum packing our meals.  You think NASA astronauts have to prepare their own meals?  No way, no freaking way.  But that's a small price to pay for being able to travel to the places we go, don't you think?
We were only about 38 hours into our mission and we really had explored Vesta and Ceres about as much as any non-geologist could so we took a few minutes to decide where to go to next.  We both wanted to go someplace new so I took a look at the available options and found one that looked especially interesting, if we could hop far enough.  Our target was Europa, one of the four major moons of Jupiter; it would be our longest leap yet, if we were successful.  I set the coordinates in the navigation computer, Darla spun up the QFGs, we crossed our fingers, and then we initiated the leap.
Well wouldn't you just know it, we made it!  The distance we traveled in that 3 seconds was approximately 300 million miles.  Not bad you say?  Downright fantastic if you ask me!  So here we were, approximately 50 miles above Europa, the ice moon of Jupiter.  It is believed that Europa is covered in water ice with a liquid ocean possibly beneath that.  Some people even wonder if there is life in the ocean.  That would be pretty cool I think.  Here are some more neat tidbits of information about Europa: Galileo discovered it in 1610, as were Io, Ganymede and Callisto.  Together these four moons are sometimes referred to as the Galilean moons.  Europa also seems to have a very, very thin atmosphere made up of oxygen.  Not enough for us humans to breathe though, it's just too thin.  Why, we wouldn't even know we were breathing anything at all.  And besides, it's just too darned cold on Europa for Earthmen to walk around without being completely encased in a space suit.
Even though we were in orbit around Europa, a big ball of gas named Jupiter dominated our view.  Boy is that planet huge!  And it's stunningly beautiful too.  The bands of color in the atmosphere are just amazing to behold.  I mean, I had seen pictures of Jupiter taken from telescopes and space probes but from close up it was absolutely amazing.  But we weren't here to visit Jupiter; there was no way we could ever land there, if it even has a solid rocky surface underneath that atmosphere.  No, we were here to land on Europa, or at least fly low enough to try to find a decent looking landing site.
We dropped down to get a good look at the surface, as low as about 300 feet.  While Darla drove I took pictures and some video using the onboard systems.  Europa has these lines all over the surface that appear to be giant ice cracks.  From our vantage point we could see that they varied widely in height too.  Some looked like they were more like canals while others looked like ridges.  We also noticed that the lines were where concentrations of darker colors were.  The good folks at NASA think the darker colors are sea salts that have been darkened by exposure to radiation and I could see no reason to doubt that assertion.
As we flew above the surface we also noticed that the surface isn't smooth by any means, everywhere we looked we found large blocks of ice, some piled many feet high.  There were also what appeared to be large spikes, upwards of 30 feet high I estimated.  The rough terrain was a real bummer for us because we really wanted to land and see the sights and do other things as well.  Wink, wink.  We really didn't want to go home yet but we also didn't want to bounce from moon to moon and not get to land.  Instead, we decided to hop over to our moon for a good old-fashioned moonwalk.  We still get a kick out of walking on the moon; I guess it has something to do with following in the footsteps of the 12 men who did it first.
I set the coordinates in the NAV computer and Darla got us some altitude to keep the QFGs from interacting with the surface.  We weren't sure if we'd be able to make it in one hop because we were a long, long way from home.  I mean, with the way Earth and Jupiter were currently located, it took light 45 minutes to travel from the Sun to Jupiter. 45 minutes!  And light is the fastest thing in the universe, period.
We didn't really know if we'd make it in one leap but we were sure going to try.  Without giving ourselves a chance to think twice about it, I kicked the QFGs up to 110% power, which is pretty much as high as I could push them, we crossed our fingers, and I initiated the leap.
Hey Mikey!  We made it!  All in one leap.  I was pretty darned impressed with those QFGs I must say.  If you're wondering, that leap was about 506 million miles.  Now, when I say we made it, what I mean is that we were in the vicinity of the moon and by that I mean we were about 2,000 miles away.  I was definitely going to have to look at the navigation software because we should have popped in no more than about 75 miles out.  To get us the rest of the way down to the surface would take us about 3 hours and 55 minutes, what a pain.  And it's really ironic too when you consider how long it took us to travel 506 million miles.  Let's see here: 506 million miles - 3 seconds, 2000 miles - 235 minutes.  Just doesn't seem right does it?  This space travel, it's just downright kooky sometimes.
We took the extra time to have a meal; this time it was ham and cheese on rye.  Definitely not the best meal I've ever had but it was still better than fast food.  After eating and a long, long discussion about our wedding of all things, we found a nice-looking area in the northern hemisphere called the Alpine Valley and set the ship down.  The Alpine Valley is part of the lunar highlands as opposed to the seas.  The highlands are areas of lighter colored rocks called anorthosite; the seas are composed of darker basalts.
Looking out the window we could see that the surrounding rocks seemed larger than those we collected from the seas we had visited.  This is supposed to be due to the hammering the moon is thought to have taken by meteors long, long ago, but not in a galaxy far, far away.  Okay, that's my last Star Wars joke...I promise...or do I?
Well anyway, we did the “leaving the spaceship drill” again and spent about 2 hours wandering around outside collecting as many of the local rocks as we could fit in the sacks.  When we brought them back to the ship we found we were really running out of space to store them.  I hadn't designed the ship to store sacks of rocks from so many different cool asteroids, dwarf planets and moons.  That's another thing the Cheryl Lynn II would need to have changed.
After storing the rocks we decided we needed some more close contact time, surprise, surprise!  I know you're thinking that's all we ever really do but that's not the truth, really it isn't.  It's just so cool to be the first ever, that's all.
With that terrible, awful duty out of the way (yeah, right), we took a short nap.  Once we were wide-awake again we decided it was time to head home.  I was actually excited to be returning to Earth.  Though we had traveled to places unheard of and seen sights beyond description, Earth was still the most beautiful celestial body I had ever walked on.  I know what you're thinking, Earth is a mess with all its problems and that's true, no doubt about it, but Earth has life and that's something those other places just don't have.  Oh sure, maybe Mars had life long ago and maybe there is some sort of life under the surface of Europa but Earth has life in abundance all over the planet.  You can't beat that with a stick, no way, no how.
When we popped into orbit above Michigan I hadn't thought that maybe it would be daytime, lucky for us it wasn't.  Our onboard clock said it was 3:15 AM so we would be okay to land and not be seen by everyone living in the southern half of the state.  Darla brought the ship down with her usual perfection and I closed the roof at exactly 3:45 AM.  On the way down I was happy not to see any vehicles hanging around like there had been when we left two days ago.  After we powered everything down we made a beeline for our bed.  You would think that after all the sleep breaks we took during our trip we wouldn't be tired but we were both worn out, space travel does that to you.
Here's a summary of our trip:
Celestial bodies visited: 4 (Vesta, Ceres, Europa, and the moon)
Total mission time: 50 hours, 33 minutes
Total distance traveled: 1,135,400,000 miles
You read that correctly, that's 1 billion, 135 million, 400 thousand miles.  1 BILLION!!!  Unfreaking believable!  Oh, the wonders of those quantum field generators!  And I owed it all to a man riding a bicycle on the moon singing a song.
Chapter 12

Nosier People

We slept in that morning, we were still on class break and we had no plans for the day anyway.  We were still in bed when the doorbell rang at 9:00 AM.  What the heck I thought, who could possibly be calling now?  It was Christmas Eve for heaven's sake.  I took my time getting out of bed; I sure wasn't going to rush to answer the door when I didn't even know who was here to bother us.
When I opened the door I was met by two very grave looking men dressed in very fancy suits.  They weren't the same men I had seen previously in town though so I had no idea what they wanted.
“Mr. Mason,” the taller of the two said, “My name is Agent Bergstrom and this is Agent Mangum.  We're from the National Security Agency and we need to talk.”
“The NSA?” I said.  “What the heck would you want with me?  Don't you guys tap the phones of terrorists or some other spy type stuff?”  I couldn't imagine how these guys had heard about us, we really had kept things very quiet.
“We'll be asking the questions Mr. Mason,” said the shorter guy in a very brusque tone.  “We have reason to believe you are involved in activities that could be detrimental to the security of the United States.”
“That's Doctor Mason to you,” I replied.  “And I am certainly not involved in activities detrimental to the security of the United States.  I have absolutely no idea where you would come up with such outlandish assertions.”
“We have bills of sale,” said Bergstrom, “from the Physical Sciences International Supply Company which show you purchased quantities of radioactive elements that could be used to make nuclear weapons.”
“You do realize what my specialty is don't you?” I asked.
They both gave me this dumber than dumber look, I knew I had them now.
“My specialty is astronautical propulsion systems.  You know, engines for rockets.”  They still looked utterly stupid.  “Traditional rocket engines burn chemical compounds.  These are heavy and don't last very long, so they're very inefficient.  I'm working on developing a nuclear-based propulsion system that would be light and would last a long time.  Take as an example nuclear powered aircraft carriers.  They run for years on one core, it's much more efficient than burning diesel.  If I can develop a feasible nuclear propulsion system NASA will be more than happy to have a look at it.”
Mangum replied now, “So you're just testing rocket engine designs?”
“That's exactly what I'm doing.”  About this time Darla strolled up to the door.
“Hey Mike, what's up?  Who are these gentlemen?”
“They're from the NSA.  They thought I was building a nuclear bomb.”  I didn't have to coax Darla at all; she knew exactly where to take this.
“A bomb?  That's silly.  Did you explain to them you're working on developing the rocket engine of the future?”
“Excuse me,” Mangum interrupted.  “Who are you ma'am?”  “I'm Professor Darla Billings.  Professor Mason and I are both members of the faculty at the college here.”
“So you can vouch for what Dr. Mason is doing with the radioactive elements he purchased?”
“Absolutely.  He and I are working on developing a new propulsion system for rockets.  Can you imagine traveling from the Earth to Mars in 20 days as opposed to 6 months or more?  Well it will happen if we can get this engine design to work.”  Darla was a master at deception; she spoke with just the right amount of excitement in her tone.
“Well,” said Bergstrom, “it appears everything is in order here.  Thank you for your time doctors.”
And then they left.  Now, I didn't have any illusions about them just leaving and never coming back.  We would have to keep an eye out for them.  I mean, they had this really slimy government agent air about them and I knew not to trust them.  Makes my skin crawl just thinking about them.  Yuck.
That afternoon as we sorted through all the rocks we collected we discussed the possibility of those NSA agents poking around again.  If they got a court order or just decided to break in, we didn't want them to find anything that would seem suspicious or give away what we were really doing.  Although technically, we didn't lie to them about our intensions, we, or rather, I had developed a new propulsion system for spaceships.  Rather than 20 days to Mars of course it was 3 seconds, but who's counting, right?
We decided that the best way for them to not find anything was to have nothing here for them to find and the best place to put it was someplace they definitely couldn't go, like the moon.  I mean, we could ship it all to Mars or one of the other balls of rock we had visited but we figured the moon would do just fine.  Because I had so much equipment and related stuff lying around the barn it would take several trips.  Not good, because I wanted to limit the number of flights we would be taking in the coming weeks.
So I did myself some thinking and came up with a sort of sling that we could strap on underneath the ship.  If we could make the sling strong enough it should survive the trip.  I had plenty of carbon fiber and fiberglass left over from the ship's construction so that would work perfectly.  We wouldn't have to coat it in Starlite since we didn't plan on bringing the sling back to Earth, there wasn't enough remaining anyway.
I thought we would have to put the ship on stilts in order to make a sling big enough to carry the equipment but as it turned out the room beneath the ship between the two lower pods was enough.  Mind you, we used every cubic inch of space available but we got all of the important stuff to fit.
In 1968 Apollo 8 became known as the Christmas mission because they launched on December 21st and returned home on December 27th.  We had our own Christmas mission; we cleared the doors at 11:10 PM on December 25th.  Our mission however was just a dump and go, we dumped the equipment at a place called Sinus Medii, a small lunar sea near the intersection of the equator and prime meridian.  We covered the equipment with the sling; it wasn't reflective and was dark grey in color so it would blend in nicely with the landscape.  And besides, only satellites and astronomers with high power telescopes would have any chance of seeing it, and they would really have to be looking for it.
So about that Apollo 8 mission in 1968, many people don't realize it was the first manned spaceflight to leave earth orbit.  It was also only the second manned Apollo flight, the first being Apollo 7.  And, the three astronauts, Frank Borman, James Lovell and William Anders were also the first humans in history to view Earthrise, now that's really cool.  What an awesome thing to mention at a party.  There are many other interesting facts about Apollo 8; maybe I'll talk more about them later.  But for now I need to describe the scene that greeted us when we descended toward the barn after our Christmas cargo mission to the Moon.
It was a good thing the sky was very black that early, early morning because if it weren’t then about a hundred people would have seen us.  It seems there was some sort of car accident not far from the farm, I'd guess it was about a half mile.  As we descended we could see two fire trucks, one ambulance and three police cars along with 2 very smashed up cars.  What a mess.  The newspaper the next day only had a brief mention of a minor wreck on the road; didn't seem minor to me.
You're probably wondering what Darla and I got each other for Christmas.  We kept it simple.  I got Darla a necklace with a pendant of the Star Trek Enterprise made of silver.  I know, really geeky but she's a big Star Trek fan and she absolutely loved it.  She got me a new electric razor because I had been complaining about my old one for too long.  Like I said, we kept it simple.
Late in the afternoon the day after Christmas we got another visit, this time from three men from NASA, the inspector general's office to be specific.  Their names were Agents Stone, Calder and Hawkins.  I invited them in and we offered them drinks, which they firmly declined.  They then claimed to know exactly what we were doing and wished to see the fruits of our labors.  I decided to test their knowledge because there was no way they could possibly know everything.
“So,” I said, “you claim to know what's going on here, can you be more specific?”
Calder was the first to speak up.  “Professor, we know you're developing a new power plant for spacecraft.  We know the design uses nuclear energy and we know you're almost ready to test it.”
It seemed like the NSA guys had been talking to the NASA guys.  “It's funny,” I said.  “Three days ago I told two NSA snoops what you just told me, except for the ready to test part, you just made that up.  We are developing a nuclear-based propulsion system for spacecraft but it's a long way from being ready to test.  We're having issues with the beta particle diffuser, it's just not behaving like it's supposed to.”
Hawkins was definitely skeptical.  “And what would a beta particle diffuser do?”
“You're not a nuclear physicist are you?” I asked rather disdainfully.  “It's used to spread the beta particle stream out so it isn't concentrated over a small area.  For the power plant to work the beta particles need to be spread across a wide area.  Currently we can only get them to spread out about 10 centimeters and we need them to spread out about 10 meters.”
“Maybe you should work with our researchers at the Jet Propulsion Lab,” Agent Stone piped in.  “They are very good at working with new technologies.”
“Of that I have no doubt, but we're going to keep our research to ourselves.  When we're ready to present it to NASA we'll be sure to let you know.  Now if there is nothing more then I must ask you to leave, you're interrupting our holiday break.”
“Since we're here,” it was Hawkins this time, “why don't you show us.”
Yeah, that wasn't going to happen.  “How about this: Since you're here why don't you leave so you're not here.  We are under no obligation to disclose any or our research to NASA.  I will more than willingly engage our attorneys to see that we are left alone.”
They all gave me a nasty frown but then left without further comments.
So now there were three government agencies hounding us, but one thing still puzzled me.  None of the G-men we had met looked like the two men who had watched us recently.  Were they from yet another even more secretive agency?  Maybe the CIA?
Two days later wouldn't you know it, we were visited by two more men in fancy suits, only they weren't from the government, or at least they said they weren't.  They claimed to be from a company called OrbitalX.  Donaldson and Zimmer were their names.  They even showed us official looking company ID cards.  Now how the heck had they heard about us?  And I wasn't shy about asking them.
“So, how is it that Professor Billings and myself have come to the attention of your company?”
Donaldson replied.  He was a rather short, roundish looking fellow by the way.  It seems as though he had made some unhealthy choices during his life.  “Our company keeps tabs on what NASA and the FAA are up to.”
“And how do you do that?” I asked.  My curiosity piqued.
“Let's just say we have access to information they believe to be secure,” replied Zimmer.  They obviously had spies in both agencies and I don't blame them.  They could get a jump on their competition with good reliable inside information, especially from NASA since they appeared to be an aerospace company.  With inside information they could begin development of a project to meet an upcoming specification for a space vehicle or satellite that hadn't been announced yet.
“So, what is the reason for your visit?” I asked.  As I looked them over while we talked I noticed that both men had several small bandages scattered around visible parts of their upper torsos.  It seemed odd they would both be sporting bandages unless they both experienced the same disaster.
“The government agents you have dealt with,” replied Donaldson, “know more about what you're doing here than they are pretending professor.  They know about the craft that you have been flying, what they don't know is its capabilities.  We are here to offer to protect you from their intrusions.  In return we would want full access to the craft and your research.”
Well he sure didn't beat around the bush.  I guess our late night flights hadn't really kept our activities hidden like I had hoped.
“So we've got some sort of craft do we?  That's news to me.  We're working on a new propulsion system, that's it.”
“You and I both know better than that professor,” said Zimmer.  “We have seen the surveillance reports, the radar signatures and the infrared imagery.  You have a craft of unknown capabilities in your barn and if you don't get protection the feds will take it from you and you'll most likely never be heard from again.”
So the jig was up, what a bummer.  Darla and I would have to think long and hard about our next move.  “Well I'm not just going to give you the keys to the kingdom right here and right now,” I said.  “You two give me your business cards and we'll do some research to make sure your company is legitimate.  If you check out then maybe we'll talk.”
“Fair enough,” answered Zimmer.  They both handed me their business cards and turned to leave.  I followed them out to their car to make sure they left and didn't snoop around.
“For your sake,” said Donaldson as he got in the car, “we hope to hear from you soon.”
“Oh, you'll hear from us.  I just don't know what the answer will be yet.”
They then left in no small hurry.  I hoped they watched their driving; the road was slick from a light snowfall earlier in the day.
That evening Darla and I did some research on OrbitalX and found that they were indeed a legitimate company.  Founded in 2008, they had contracts with NASA and larger aerospace companies to provide parts for rocket boosters.  They didn't build the boosters; they just manufactured parts and assemblies.  They also provided systems engineering services for various space endeavors that NASA was working on.  They were headquartered in Houston, Texas with manufacturing facilities in Kansas City, Kansas.  Their systems engineering group also had a satellite office in Cocoa Beach, Florida.
Chapter 13

Next Stop – Saturn

We definitely had some thinking to do about the offer from the OrbitalX guys; but instead we decided to take the ship up for a cruise.  We hadn't been out farther than Jupiter (like that's just a short drive down to the corner drugstore, right?) so we set our sights on the outer reaches of the solar system.  I mean, why not?  We might not get the opportunity again any time soon with the way so many people were interested in our little ship so it seemed like the perfect time to go, and we still had a few days before classes began again.
That evening we loaded the ship for another extended trip and left promptly at 11:00 PM.  As we took her up I hoped all those slimy G-men were watching us, just to let them know we still had a say in what happened to us.  I thought I could make out two and possibly a third car along the road not far from the farm, they'd have to wait a few days for us to return; better get a hotel room guys unless you want to sleep in your cars.
When we made orbit we put some extra distance between Earth and us; it gave us a slightly better alignment for Saturn.  We were also going to try to reach the ringed planet in one hop, our longest yet if successful.  920 million miles long in fact due to the current locations of Earth and Saturn.  Almost a billion miles!  We crossed our fingers and initiated the QFGs, which I had cranked up to 110% power.  Three seconds later we were there!
We actually didn't go for an insertion into orbit around Saturn, rather, we went for Titan, Saturn's largest moon.  Now, why you wonder did we decide on Titan?  Well I'll tell you why.  Titan is a very, very interesting moon.  It's the second largest moon in the solar system; Ganymede is the largest.  It's also larger than Mercury, and you thought Mercury was big because it's a planet.  How wrong you are!  Titan is also the only moon in the solar system to have a dense atmosphere.  It is also very unique because it has seas and lakes, not water though like on Earth but methane.  It has to be cold for methane to exist as a liquid and that's the case with Titan.  It's cold there, damned cold, -290ºF! There has been one human built lander to make it to Titan; in January of 2005 the Huygens lander made a parachute assisted landing in an area that was dry but had the appearance of once being covered with liquid methane.  It took pictures that included rocks, which investigators think are made of water ice.  I guess that might be expected where the temperatures are so unbelievably cold.  The Huygens lander by the way was named after Christiaan Huygens who discovered Titan in 1655 using a telescope he built himself.  He was one very, very smart man.
Any mention of the Huygens lander has to include the Cassini spacecraft which it was part of until it separated for its landing on Titan.  Cassini was named after Giovanni Cassini who discovered four of Saturn's moons, a division in Saturn's rings now known as the Cassini Division, and also co-discovered the Great Red Spot on Jupiter.  He was another very, very smart man.
The atmosphere is mostly nitrogen with some other lovely compounds like methane, carbon monoxide, hydrogen cyanide and propane.  And those are the less nasty ones.  For these reasons we decided not to land, we just didn't know how the atmosphere would react to our ship and space suits.  We sure didn't want the ship to dissolve on us.  That would be no fun I can tell you.
Before we left Titan we took some nice pictures and video.  The atmosphere has a very dusky, dull yellow appearance when viewed from close up.  It's definitely not ever going to be any sort of vacationland.  But hey, that's just one man's opinion.
Since we were in Saturn's neck of the solar system woods we thought it might be nice to visit a little moon known as Enceladus.  It's not a large moon by any means, only about a tenth the size of Titan, but it has some cool features of its own.  Astronomers believe it to be covered mostly in water ice with a liquid water ocean beneath, possibly up to about 6 miles deep.  That's a whole lot of water for such a small moon.
When scientists hear the term “liquid water” they immediately think of the possibility of life, and that's the real draw for humans to explore Enceladus.  Now, we had no intention of looking for life, we just wanted to possibly land and have a walkabout.
Enceladus was discovered in 1789 by William Herschel using a telescope of his own construction.  I must say that those early astronomers were pretty amazing.  Herschel for example was devoted to music before he started looking to the heavens.  In fact, he composed 24 symphonies and could play many instruments.  He was another really smart guy.
To get there we fired up the QFGs for the quick hop.  We would be going toward Saturn because Enceladus was much closer to the planet that was Titan.  From our vantage point out at Titan, Saturn was quite impressive.  The rings were absolutely amazing although they weren't so multicolored like many drawings depict them.  They're really more beige to light brown in color.  But still, they're very, very awesome.
When we popped in at Enceladus we were greeted with a very bright moon, the most reflective body in the solar system by the way due to the ice that covers it.  Measurements of its surface temperature indicate it is also quite cold, about -320ºF, colder than Titan.  It's hard to imagine temperatures that cold.  The reason it's so cold is because of that ice which reflects the Sun's light.
We saw no reason not to try to land so to Enceladus we went!  When we dropped down we saw lots and lots of ice.  The surface is sort of divided between old and new terrains in which the old has a much higher number of craters.  It seems as though Enceladus has an active surface, geologically speaking that is.
It didn't take us long to find a good open spot to land and Darla deftly landed the ship.  I had wondered if we would have any difficulties landing on the ice but that didn't happen.  Welcome to Enceladus!  First time here?  No worries, you'll love the place, just don't go outside without your space suit on or you'll turn into a statue in about 2 seconds.  And one other thing, watch out for the ice bears, they're really hungry this time of year.  Okay, that last thing about ice bears was just Mason being silly, or was it...?
Darla was first out the door, first human to step on Enceladus, I think.  I had the video camera on her the whole way.  She was very tentative stepping off the ladder because we didn't know if the surface would be slick or rough.  It turns out that it was a bit on the rough side, it wasn't anything like an ice rink or frozen lake, more like ice that has been snowed on and then the temperature gets really cold.
Darla wasn't going to be the only human to walk on this ice ball so I hustled outside too.  I wanted to make a snowball and throw it at her but couldn't find any snow.  There isn't any atmosphere to speak of on Enceladus so it doesn't snow, at least in the way we think of on earth.  So instead, we both wandered about taking some pictures and video.  We didn't have any way to preserve ice on the ship so we didn't bother to try to collect any chunks of ice.  I'm sure Mr. Geologist back on earth would love to have a sample but we just couldn't swing it.
After about 30 minutes outside we both started to feel the chill and decided it was best we got back to the ship.  We were glad to be back inside where it was nice and warm.  If we were ever to come back to Enceladus we would need space suits better designed for the extreme cold.  We had a nice meal of freeze-dried turkey sandwiches and hot cocoa.  The warm drink did wonders to warm our insides.  And since it was about 2:30 AM Earth time we decided to take a sleep break.  We may or may not have had some close contact time.  Oh, okay, we did, all right?  All you ever think about is did we do it.  Man!  You really need to get your mind out of the gutter.  It's shameful, just shameful!
When we woke up we decided to move along on our visit to the outer planets.  Next stop Uranus!  But we weren't unhappy with our visit to Enceladus and Saturn at all.  Enceladus wasn't any sort of warm weather tropical paradise but it sure was nice to go where those stupid G-men couldn't harass us.  And I know they would if they could, I just know it.  Stupid G-men!
Uranus is another gas giant planet, like Jupiter and Saturn although it's also called an ice giant because there is more ice in its atmosphere.  It was also the first planet discovered using a telescope by, guess who, William Herschel in 1781.  He initially thought he had discovered a comet but later realized it was a planet.  The planet has 27 moons and it was the one called Titania that we would be visiting.  The distance from Saturn to Uranus was at that time about 1.3 billion miles.  For me it's really hard to imagine that kind of a distance.  1.3 billion miles? That's 14 times further than the distance from the Sun to Earth, 14 times!
Anyway, we were pretty confident that the QFGs would get us there in one hop even though it was longer than any we had previously attempted.  Our confidence was rewarded with a beautiful view of Uranus out our starboard window after our leap.  The planet is a pale blue, which is in sharp contrast to Jupiter with its multicolored atmospheric bands and Saturn with its pale yellowish-brown color.  The funny thing is that the Uranian atmosphere is composed mostly of hydrogen and helium, just like Jupiter and Saturn.  What gives it the pale blue color is methane in the upper atmosphere.  These gas giants, they're so darned interesting!  Very much alike but different in so many ways.
The view out our port side window was of Titania, a mostly dull grey moon with some lighter areas.  It is the biggest Uranian moon and is the 8th largest in the solar system, smaller than our own moon.  Fans of Shakespeare might recognize the name as being the queen of the faeries in A Midsummer Night's Dream.  This is no coincidence; many of the moons of Uranus are named after characters in his plays.
We thought about going down for a short walkabout but decided it just wasn't that interesting.  Oh sure, the surface is supposed to have water ice and carbon dioxide ice but it just couldn't compare to Enceladus.  We did cruise down to a lower altitude to take some pictures and video but that was enough for us.  Uranus did have 26 other moons but they just didn't hold the interest for us, we were ready to make our way to Neptune and Triton, its largest moon.
This next hop would be just under twice as far as the leap from Saturn to Uranus, 2.1 billion miles in fact.  And you thought 1.3 billion miles was long, that was child's play compared to this one.  But really, I didn't see any reason why we wouldn't be able to do it.  The QFGs were operating better than I could have ever dreamed.  Did I tell you earlier that I never thought the leap through space would be effective at such distances?  My calculations only indicated about 500 million miles at the best.  Obviously, my calculations were wrong.  So at this point I really had no idea how far we could go in a single bound, a lot farther than Superman though, of that I was sure.  Wow, my first comic book reference.  I guess that's no surprise, I didn't read many of those when I was a kid.  Not like Darla, she read every one she could get her hands on.  Okay, that's not true.  From what she's told me she was a real science nerd when she was a kid.  You know the kind; they always won the school science competitions with entries titled something like “The effect of gravity on neutrinos through a solid medium.”  She was that kid and then some.
Off to Neptune and Triton we went, and yep, we made it in one hop.  Neptune is a much deeper blue than Uranus, possibly because there is more methane in the atmosphere, at least that's my guess.  Us earthlings really don't know very much about Neptune because there has only been one probe to ever visit it, Voyager 2 back in 1989 and that was a quick fly-by.  Oh sure, the Hubble space telescope and newer earthbound telescopes have been looking at it in greater detail but we still don't know much about it.  We do know that it's a gas giant much like Uranus so we knew before we arrived we wouldn't be going for a walk on the surface.  Triton was a different story though.
The surface of Triton is thought to be frozen nitrogen so you know right away it's a cold, cold place.  We have nitrogen on earth but it's always a gas unless someone freezes some for whatever reason.  In fact, nitrogen makes up the large majority of our atmosphere and without it we would not be the fabulous creatures we are.  We'd be jellyfish or maybe sharks or something else in the sea.  The point is: we wouldn't be walking around on the surface of our planet breathing air if we didn't have all that nitrogen floating around.
So we had Neptune and Triton to take pictures and video of before we tried landing on Triton.  We got some nice images of a dark spot and a white ribbon of clouds that stretched out along the upper surface of Neptune's atmosphere.  Unlike the Great Red Spot on Jupiter the dark spots on Neptune seem to come and go much more frequently.
Triton looked much different than its planet; it was a light pinkish color with some hints of green and brown and a bluish-green band as well.  It was one bizarre looking place if you ask me.  And we were going to land there!  Once we had piles of pictures and video we made a beeline for the surface.
Triton is supposed to have a very slight atmosphere but we sure didn't detect it when we descended.  We set down in an area within a few kilometers of a long trough.  These seemed to be very common on the surface of the region where we were but from higher up we could tell there were areas that had very few of them.  Triton has quite a story to tell; maybe someday someone or some group will figure it out.  I knew it wouldn't be us though, we were just vacationing and this was the next point on the itinerary.  Have you ever known anyone who takes vacations to places like Saturn, Uranus, and Neptune?  Neither have I so I guess we were the first, duh!  Oh, but I guess it's possible some alien abductees might have made stops at these planets as they were getting anally probed by their alien friends.  Oh what fun that would be!
When we opened the door to go outside and explore we knew it would be cold and thank goodness for our suits but I could still feel the cold.  But we weren't to be deterred, we were hell bent on taking a stroll on this stranger than strange moon.  As on Enceladus, it would have been nice to collect some nitrogen “rocks” from the surface but since we had no freezer on board we couldn't do it.  We did take some close up pictures of a few though; maybe we would be able to show them to Mr. Geologist when we got back.  The surface wasn't slippery at all when we roamed about; it was kind of like walking on a frozen pond or lake on a very cold day after a light snowfall, I could feel the crunch under my boots.
We stayed out for about 25 minutes before we'd seen and done enough.  It was a cool place to visit but I sure wouldn't want to live there.  Ha!  Like Earthlings could ever live on Triton!  Well, maybe in the distant future some mad scientist will talk others into his grand idea for a scientific outpost on fabulous Triton.  I can see it now; NASA (or some follow on to NASA) spends loads of money on an outpost only to have them all be eaten by Tritonian Tigers.  Crazy?!  I'm not crazy!  It could happen!  Okay, maybe I'm wandering a little from reality there but wouldn't that be really cool?  It would definitely work in a science fiction novel though.
After we got ourselves back to our little spaceship we took a nap and then had a great meal, freeze dried French toast, sausage and orange juice.  We ate like kings!  We then plotted out our course to Pluto, why not?  We were out here so we might as well stop by and see how things were going out there.  I know, Pluto isn't a planet anymore, it's a dwarf planet, but so is Ceres and we visited it, so we were obliged to visit Pluto as well.  We had a duty to visit Pluto!  So off we went, and it was no small jump either, 2.9 billion miles!  But we made it in one hop.  It's still hard to comprehend traveling 2.9 billion miles in 3 seconds but those QFGs are amazing if I do say so myself.
When we arrived we found Pluto to be generally a dirty brown color, not much to look at really and Charon, its biggest moon was a light dull grey, even less to look at.  It was a big deal though when the New Horizons probe did a fly-by in 2015 because it was the first and until now only spacecraft of any kind to pay Pluto a visit.  I hope you're ready for a few tidbits of information regarding Pluto because here they come.
The now dwarf planet was discovered in 1930 by a fellow named Clyde Tombaugh.  He was only 23 years old at the time too.  He was another really smart guy and like the astronomers from centuries ago, he built his own telescopes.  He also didn't even have a college degree when he made his discovery.  More about Pluto: it is much smaller than our moon but much larger than Ceres.  Its surface is mostly nitrogen ice because it's really cold there, just like the moons of the outer solar system.  And it has five known moons, the largest being Charon.  I think it's odd that Pluto has five moons and good old Earth only has one.  We deserve more!  Although it's good we only have the one.  Can you imagine how our ocean tides would be if we had more than one moon messing with them?  It would be crazy!  We'd never know when high tide would be.  Or maybe we'd have high tide and low tide at the same time, wouldn't that be fun.
Pluto also is occasionally closer to the sun than Neptune but the two can never smash into one another.  It's really kind of complicated but based on the way they orbit and influence each other it just can't happen.  It sure would make headlines though if it did.  One other thing about Pluto and its orbit: it's not circular like the other planets but ellipsoidal.  Oh, and it's also not in the same plane as the other planets so it's really a goofy planet.  Goofy, get it?  Pluto, the Disney dog?  Oh never mind.  It wasn't that funny anyway.
Just like we did on our other stops on our vacation cruise we took loads of pictures and videos.  We thought we might not drop down and take a stroll on Pluto, yeah right.  Of course we would so down we went.  We found a nice landing spot in an area that was darker than the typical dirty brown color.  It was very smooth and we had no trouble landing.  For being made of frozen nitrogen the surface itself seemed rough, like other places we had visited that were ice covered.
Something strange would be happening if Darla didn't get out the door first.  I swear she does things to keep me from getting ready before her.  It's always something simple, like suggesting I check on the NGDs or QFGs, just something to keep me busy while she gets ready.  But really, I don't mind if she gets out the door first and in the case of Pluto she gets to deal with the Plutonian barking jackals, if they're out there of course.  Again, you never know for sure, right?
Once we were both out on the surface we took a stroll like we had on the other moons and planets, taking pictures and video as we wandered.  We were strolling right along down a slight decline when all of a sudden Darla slipped on some surprisingly slippery ice and went for a tumble on her rump.  I hurried after her and when I arrived at her side she was laughing like I'd never seen her laugh before.  Her laughter was contagious and I ended up sitting down next to her laughing like a crazy man.  Who would ever think two physicists from a small college in Michigan would end up on Pluto laughing until their sides hurt?  Yeah, I guess it does seem obvious that could happen...sure it does.
When Darla tried to get up she found her backside wanted to stay where it was, I guess the fall must have bruised something.  Eventually she was able to stand and walk again and after more walking she started to feel better.  She didn't think anything was broken so that was good.  I was happy we wouldn't need to make a trip to the emergency room at the local hospital when we got back.  That would just be a pain in the butt.  Get it?  Pain in the butt?  Yeah, I know, another lame joke.  You can always count on Mason to tell some lame jokes.
We didn't stay outside very long, Darla was starting to get worn out from the fall and we didn't see any reason to extend the Pluto walk.  Back in the ship we took a look at her backside; she had a nice bruise but nothing more.  We took a nice four-hour nap then and afterward had a great meal of pepperoni pizza, freeze dried of course.  If you've ever had freeze-dried pizza, you'll believe me when I tell you it's not very tasty.  The cheese loses its texture and the crust turns into tasteless cardboard.  Yuck.  We made a note never to bring pizza again.
After dinner we decided to head back to Earth.  Looking out the window we couldn't see it of course, it was just too darned small from 3.2 billion miles away.  We could see the sun but it was just a very bright dot of light.  It's amazing really how big our solar system is when you think about it and how empty it is too.  For those of you math whizzes out there, I know what you're thinking, how could Pluto be 3.2 billion miles away when Neptune was 2.9 billion miles away. Shouldn't the distance from Earth to Pluto be 6.1 billion miles?  The answer is no, and here's why.  It's all about where Pluto and Neptune are located on their orbits.  If you were to plot their locations at the time we were out there you would find they made a nice triangle with Earth, the side from Earth to Neptune was just slightly shorter than the side from Earth to Pluto.  Slightly shorter, that's a good one, isn't it?  300 million miles, yeah, that's slightly shorter.  I guess it's all a matter of perspective though.  In the days before automobiles 10 miles would have seemed like a long distance.  How technology changes the way we look at the world.
Because we had made a successful hop of 2.9 billion miles I was more than confident in our ability to go the extra 300 million miles.  We did have one issue to deal with, if our clock was correct it was daytime in Michigan, so we would instead pop in for a look at the dark side of the moon and wait for nightfall.  And that's exactly what we did.  The leap back to the inner solar system and our moon was as easy as the first leap we ever made to the moon.  I know it sounds silly at this point after we had made so many leaps through space but it still amazed me, and still does, that the design works.
We had about six hours to kill waiting for night to come to North America so what better use of our time than some close contact, right?  It sure would have been nice but Darla's backside said no to that.  Instead, we talked about, ugh, the wedding and our honeymoon.  I would have liked to visit Ganymede and observe the giant flying space spiders, if they exist, but Darla wanted to go somewhere Earth side instead, like Hawaii.  I was good with Hawaii, I'd never been there and it seems like a nice place, what with all that sun and sand.  Yep, seems like a nice place indeed.
It seemed like no time had passed at all when we were clear to return to Earth.  We executed a quick hop and began the descent at 10:45 PM.  As we approached the barn I could see two sets of car lights on the road near the farm.  Oh great, this was going to be just the most fun we'd ever had.  When we landed in the barn I kept the doors open just in case we needed to make a quick exit.  I had Darla stay in the ship and keep it running while I got out and looked around.  I was no more than 20 feet from the ship when two burly men grabbed me.
“Get out of here!” I yelled to Darla.  A third man tried to dive through the door but Darla was too quick for him and had the ship out the doors and into the night before he could react.  The two men who were holding me dragged me to a car, blindfolded me, tied my hands behind my back, and drove off.  The third man hopped in the car as they were driving away.
Chapter 14

Bad Guys Suck

I had no idea who these guys were who kidnapped me, and I also had no clue why.  If they were trying to get our ship they sure did a poor job of it.  And speaking of the ship, I was really, really worried about where Darla would go and what she would do now.  We had enough food onboard the ship for about a week for one person so I hoped she would go hang out on the moon to regroup but what then?
These guys who kidnapped me didn't seem too organized.  As we sped down the road away from the farm they began arguing with each other as to what they should do next.  They also weren't very security conscious, they addressed each other by name as they argued.  I quickly learned their names, Belcher, Archer, and Simpson.  I was pretty sure Simpson was the driver with Belcher in the front passenger seat and Archer in the back seat with me.
Even though I was blindfolded I could tell we were going south on the road away from the farm.  They just drove in a straight line rather than mix in a turn here and there to confuse me.  I was getting the impression these guys were real amateurs and I doubted they had ever done this sort of thing before.
“So,” I asked, “might I inquire as to who you guys are?”  I doubted they would answer but it was worth a shot.  They argued about whether they should tell me and it seemed they weren't going to but Archer then made the decision for himself.
“We're from NISAI - The National Institute for the Study of Alien Intelligence - and we know for a fact you have been in contact with aliens from outer space.”
NISAI?  I had never heard of them and I doubt anyone else had either.  Just my luck to be kidnapped by a bunch of wackos.  “Aliens?” I replied.  “I have absolutely no idea where you would come up with something like that.”  And really, how do these people come up with these sorts of ideas anyway?  Aliens?  Come on now.
“We've been watching you, the FAA, the NSA and NASA,” replied Archer.  “We know...” And then the car hit, or rather, was hit by, another vehicle that caused our car to slide sideways into the ditch on the right side of the road.  The other car hit us from the left so I was relatively well protected from the impact but I think Simpson and Archer were unconscious.  Belcher seemed unhurt but was trapped in the vehicle like I was.  Before we could really do anything to free ourselves though I heard two men approach the car.  One of them announced that they were with the FBI and to remain still.  No problem there I thought, seeing as I wasn't going anywhere on my own anyway.
Belcher yelled some obscenity at them right before I heard a thud, after which he fell silent.  One of the men broke the left passenger window with what I think was a sledgehammer and then he asked me if I was okay.  I responded that I was and he then told me to hang tight while they got me out.  They used a crow bar to open the left passenger door and then pulled me out.  They must have removed Archer first, as I was able to slide out without him hindering my way.
Once out of the vehicle they removed my blindfold and untied my hands.  “Well this is a welcome surprise,” I said.
“No need to thank us Doctor,” one of them said.  “It's our job.  My name is Agent Callahan and this is Agent Spruill, we're with the FBI.  We need to get you out of here.”
“How about we go back to my farm,” I said.  “That's where I'd really like to be right now.”
“Sorry sir, that's not an option,” replied Spruill.  “It's not safe for you there.”
“But Darla's out there,” I said, frantic with concern.  “If it's not safe for me then it's not safe for her either.  If we go back to the farm then I'll be able to contact her.”
“We can't do that Doctor,” replied Callahan in a dry monotone.  “We have orders to get you to a safe location.  Those guys from NISAI as you probably noticed are dangerous and will definitely send others after you once they find out what happened to their kidnapping attempt tonight.”
I shrugged my shoulders and agreed to go with them, not like I could do otherwise.  “They said they knew that I had made contact with space aliens, where do they come up with that stuff?”
“People like that,” replied Spruill, “put two and two together and come up with five.  They're a fringe group that for years has been accusing virtually every agency in the government of working with space aliens to enslave the people of Earth.  This isn't the first time we've had to rescue someone from them.”
Well, these two FBI guys actually seemed like they were on my side.  Could it be?  I followed them to their vehicle, a black SUV.  Why are the government vehicles always black?  We drove for what seemed like hours into the night, headed north.  We didn't stop as we passed by the Lansing area; we just kept on going north.  We finally stopped about 4:00 AM near Grayling.  I knew the Army National Guard had a post near there but I wasn't sure that's where we were.  When we drove through a gate that said “Camp Grayling” I knew for sure.  The FBI agents escorted me to what looked to be a brick building with very few windows.  Inside they showed me to a room that had a bed, sink, toilet and a table and chair.  The room was lit by one lone light bulb hanging from a wire in the middle of the room.  Was this protection or incarceration I wondered?
“Dr. Mason,” said Callahan from the doorway, “You'll be safe here.  If you can, you should get some sleep.  We'll be back in the morning to answer your questions.”
Questions?  Yeah, I had questions but I was really tired and it didn't seem like they would let me just walk out of here so I decided I'd take their advice and get some shuteye.
I slept until about 8:00 AM when Callahan and Spruill came calling.  They brought me a nice breakfast of eggs, bacon, toast, and orange juice.  They waited outside while I ate and cleaned up.  So far they were treating me well enough but I still had the feeling they weren't being completely honest with me regarding their intentions.
When I was done I called them in to the room, I had a slew of questions to ask them.
“So,” I began, “Last night, we drove off without attending to those 3 guys from NISAI, why was that?”
I think the question caught them both off guard.  They looked at each other before Spruill answered.  “I sent our office a text when we left the scene.  They will have sent police and EMS.”
“O...kay,” I replied, not really confident about the truthfulness of that answer.  “So why are we here at Camp Grayling?  I can't imagine that there aren't any safe locations in southern Michigan.”
Callahan was quick to reply.  “Based on what we know of NISAI this was the best choice.  They don't have any known operatives in this area so it will take them that much longer to attempt to grab you again.”
I decided to let that line of inquiry go for the time being since it wasn't getting any answers that I trusted to be true.  “I need to be sure Darla is okay, would you mind if I contacted her?”
“And how would you do that Doctor?” asked Callahan.
“You do have radios, don't you?” I asked, somewhat miffed at his stupid question.
“What type of radio would you require?” inquired Spruill.  “They may have what you need here at the base.”
“I'll need a long range VHF transmitter with an LPC-10 voice coder.”  I doubted they would have one at the base, it was an outdated technology, which was exactly the reason I had selected it.  The new secure radio systems weren't likely to be compatible with it.  We hadn't used the radio system onboard the Cheryl Lynn yet but we always kept it on when we flew so there was a possibility Darla would at least hear me if and when I got a radio to use.
“I'll see what I can find,” said Spruill.  He then left, leaving me alone with Callahan.
I was about to ask my next question but Callahan interrupted.
“Okay Doctor Mason, it's time we got some answers from you.  We know from observations made by the FAA and NASA that the ship you've built is capable of spaceflight.  The first thing we want to know is how is it powered.”
“Before I answer that, and I will,” I replied.  “Could you tell me how they figured out how the ship is space capable?”
“Radar,” he answered.  “NASA and the Air Force have long range radars that track spacecraft in orbit.  NASA is puzzled though by the way your ship disappears from radar and then reappears later.”
“That's not puzzling,” I replied.  “We just go up to a higher orbit than they track.”  I had no idea what the capabilities of the NASA and Air Force radars were but it was worth a shot.  I was surprised that Callahan was being so forthright with his answers and follow up questions.  They really had been following us for some time by the look of things.
“No,” he shook his head.  “The radars can follow ships to the moon.  They've been doing that since the Apollo missions.  NASA is very curious to know what you've done.”
“Then why aren't NASA people here asking these questions?” I said, not the least bit angered by his questioning.  “And why are you holding me here, obviously against my will.  When you both left last night you locked the door behind you and when Spruill left earlier he used a key to get out.  Am I under arrest?  Or do you make a habit of holding people like this without due process?”
“Like we said earlier, NISAI tried to kidnap you, we're only holding you here to keep you safe.”
“I had never heard of that group before you told me about them last night, why is that?  You claim they've been making accusations about the government for years.  You'd think I'd have read or heard something about them.  I do keep up with the news.”
“It's not something the government likes to make mention of,” he replied, using his best nondescript monotone voice.  “They have some former government employees in their organization that to the uninformed person might seem to give them credibility.  As I recall some cable network did a show about them once but they didn't get any real publicity as a result.”
“I guess I'll take your word then...for now.  I could use some fresh air, would you mind if we took this conversation outside so I could stretch my legs?”
Callahan thought for a moment.  “Sure, I don't see why we can't go for a short walk.  We won't be able to stay out long though.”
“And why is that?” I asked.
“You don't have a jacket Doctor and it's very cold outside.  I'll try to get one for you later though.”  He did have a point there.  Before Darla and I landed I had removed my space suit and was only wearing the Nomex flight suit that I always wore under my space suit when flying.  Military pilots have worn Nomex, which is flame retardant, for years to protect from fire and high heat.
“Fair enough,” I said.  We both got up and after Callahan unlocked the door we went outside.  He was right about the cold, it was brutal.  And it was windy too; the wind chill must have been about -10ºF.  As we walked I took in my surroundings.  We were in a field that looked like it might be an airfield.  There were high barbed wire fences in the distance with trees beyond the fences.  Some distance away, 300 yards I guessed, were other buildings, one of which looked like a control tower.  I knew very little about Camp Grayling but it seemed to make sense that they would have an airfield.
“So Doctor,” Callahan asked, trying to catch me off guard.  “Would you like to tell me how you power your spaceship?”
“Agent Callahan, do you have a degree in physics?  Because if you don't then anything I say to you will go right over your head.”
“Criminal justice was my major with a physical science minor.  I do understand scientific methods and basic concepts in physics.”
“Well then,” I said.  “Maybe you'll understand after all.  The ship uses a compact fusion reactor to power a device of my own design that employs epsilon particles to excite mesons into a state that causes them to create a dark matter bubble around the ship.  This bubble is then projected in the desired direction of travel by varying the epsilon particle input.  The ship moves along the path of travel inside the bubble.”  It was all complete nonsense but I doubted Callahan would know otherwise.
“I don't really know what to make of all that,” Callahan replied.  “It's definitely beyond basic physics.  The NASA boys will be here tomorrow, I'm sure they'll be loaded with questions.  In the meantime, we need to get you a good jacket and some better footwear.”
“I would really appreciate that,” I said.  “I do need to contact Darla so if Spruill could find a radio I'd be most grateful.”  Quite honestly, I didn't expect them to deliver a radio to me.  I knew as well as they did that I was a prisoner at this lovely place.  Don't get me wrong, I'm sure Camp Grayling is a wonderful place for the National Guardsmen to do their maneuvers in the spring, summer and fall but it was colder than cold now and I had no desire to be here any longer.
Speaking of Darla,” Callahan said.  “Where did she go?  We saw the ship leave your barn and go straight up until we lost sight of it.  How you make that ship do that is beyond amazing to me, it's like something out of Star Wars.”
“I'm not really sure where she went, we didn't have any sort of contingency plans for me being kidnapped.  If I were her I would go to the moon and camp out there.”  That's exactly what I would do, until I came up with a plan.
“The moon?!” Callahan replied.  “You have gone to the moon in that ship?”
“Sure, we've been there several times,” I said very matter of factly.  “It's a nice place to visit but not the sort of place I'd want to go to every day.  There are many places in our solar system that are much more interesting.”
“You mean to say you've been other places besides the moon?”
“Sure, we've visited Venus, Mars, all the outer planets and several moons.”  Now I was just bragging and quite enjoying it.
“But how?” Callahan was quite overwhelmed now.  “It takes months just to get to Mars.  There's just no way you could do that.”
“Oh? Don't be so sure there Mr. FBI man.  We have pictures and video from every planet and moon we've visited, including Pluto.  It's very, very cold there by the way.”  I knew I shouldn't have told him so much but it was fun.
As we walked I realized how cold I was getting.  “I'm freezing out here, how about we go back inside now?”
“Oh, sure,” he replied, still stunned by all I had told him.  “No need to stay out here and freeze.”
When we got back inside we made ourselves comfortable in the larger living room with a fireplace.  It was gas but I didn't care, it warmed my bones.
“This entire building is yours to use,” he said.  There's a kitchen, dining room and full bathroom too.”
Well that was mighty nice of him to tell me that now; I would definitely be using the shower later.
“So Doctor, how do you make that ship go straight up?  Does the bubble make that happen too?”  He sure was curious this Agent Callahan.
“No,” I said with a shake of my head.  “Localized travel within the gravity well of a celestial body is accomplished by making use of the properties of gravity.”
“But gravity attracts objects, right?”
“Of course it does, but have you ever heard of something called anti-gravity?”  This was more hogwash but it sure did sound good.
“Anti-gravity? There's such a thing?”
“There is if you invert the gravity waves of the celestial body.”  This kept sounding better and better.  Hmm, maybe I should look into that for future ships.
“How do you invert the waves?”  He was like a hooked fish on a line, I could tell him anything and he'd believe it.
“Now that's a bit tricky and it took me years to work out the mathematics of it and then years more to make a functioning unit.  You've heard of neutrinos?”
Callahan nodded his head yes.
“Good.  Neutrinos don't normally interact with other particles; in fact, they just pass on through other objects.  But if you emit a baryonic pulse wave, the neutrinos become negative mass charged, attach to other particles and repel large gravitational objects.”  Wow! This was some of my best B.S. ever!  Baryonic pulse waves?  Negative mass charged neutrinos?  This was good stuff!
“Amazing.  Those NASA guys will be in heaven when you tell them what you've told me.”  Oh, I'm sure they would I thought.  The NASA guys wouldn't buy this drivel for a moment.  Now don't get me wrong, I knew the gravity of my situation but I just could not resist playing with Mr. FBI.  Did you like my pun?  “Gravity of my situation.”  Oh never mind.
About 45 minutes later Spruill came back with bad news, there were radios but no voice encoders available on the base.  Why was I not surprised?  Callahan then left to try to find me a jacket and boots.  Spruill didn't have the same interest in the ship as Callahan and didn't ask one question about it.  In fact, he didn't ask any questions at all and just sat on the couch.  I tried to engage him in conversation once but he was like a dead fish so I stopped trying.
Much to my relief Callahan returned about an hour later with an army field jacket and winter weight combat boots.  I thanked him and didn't hesitate to try on the boots.  I was pleasantly surprised when they fit.
“How did you know my size?” I asked Callahan.
“A lucky guess,” he replied.  I suspected otherwise but knew he wouldn't tell me the truth so I didn't ask further.  Callahan and I spent the rest of the day and evening talking about anything and everything while Spruill just kept mostly to himself.  He did perk up once when I told Callahan about the places Darla and I had been visiting.  They finally left about 10:00 PM but not before letting me know that the NASA guys would be arriving around 9:00 AM the next day.
I hit the bed right after they left and didn't wake up until about 8:00 AM.  I took my time getting around and when 9:00 AM rolled around I was still eating breakfast.  They had the refrigerator stocked with food so it was easy finding something to eat.  The NASA guys didn't show up until about 10:00 AM, I was just watching some dumb TV show when they arrived.
Their names were Phillips, Pasch, and Beven and all were from the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in California.  I'm sure they were enjoying the Michigan weather.  They wasted no time and jumped right to the questions.  Beven, who was a rather nerdy looking chap, was first.  “Doctor Mason, we understand you have built a spaceship that has traveled as far as Pluto, is that correct?”  The mocking disbelief was plainly evident in his voice.
“I see you've been talking with Mr. FBI.”  I pointed to Callahan who was lounging in a chair on the other side of the living room.  “Don't you believe what he told you?  We've been to the moon, every planet except Mercury, three dwarf planets and several moons.  Enceladus is quite lovely this time of year by the way.”  I gave him an ‘in your face' smile.  He was not amused.  I think he needed to get out more.
Phillips was next.  “We have watched video taken by our own investigators that show your ship going straight up.  We have been told you use some sort of baryonic pulse waves to create an anti-gravity field, is this true?”
I laughed at that one.  “No,” I replied after gathering myself.  “I just told Callahan that for kicks.  The ship actually has three negative gravity drives, NGDs I call them.  They use quantum electrodynamics to generate a negative gravity field.  The stronger the gravitational field the less energy is required to create the negative field.  When we land on smaller bodies like dwarf planets with low gravity we really have to pump the energy into the NGDs.”
“And where do you get the energy from?” asked Pasch.
“From a compact linear fusion reactor, we get gigawatts of power from it.”  I could tell they didn't believe a thing I was telling them.  Oh well, too bad for them I guess.  “You say you've seen video of the ship in action, is that correct?”
“Yes we have,” answered Phillips.
“Then you've noticed it has three long pods connected to the main body of the ship.  Each pod contains one NGD and one QFG.  The reactor is in the stern half of the main body.”
“What are QFGs?” asked Beven.
“Quantum Field Generators.  They create the hole through space that allows us to go from Earth orbit to Pluto in three seconds.”  They all had a good laugh at that; I guess I just wasn't very believable.  Again, too bad for them.
“Three seconds Doctor?” scoffed Pasch.  “You know that's quite impossible.”
“I know it would be if the ship had to travel through every kilometer of space to get to Pluto, but it doesn't.  Think of a sheet of paper on a table.  If you push the ends toward each other you shorten the distance from end to end.  That's sort of what the QFGs do, they pull each end of space together so the ship just hops across a very short boundary, and that takes exactly three seconds, no matter how far the distance is.  Three seconds to the moon.  Three seconds to Jupiter.  Three seconds to Pluto.”
They still didn't believe me and probably never would without a demonstration but that wouldn't be happening any time soon.
Pasch's turn now: “Air Force long range radar units report that once your ship achieves orbit the radar signature disappears.  Can you explain that to us?”
“Really, it should be obvious to you by now, don't you think?  When we fire up the QFGs and initiate a hop it would seem like we have disappeared.  Come on man, think about your questions before you ask them.”  I was actually getting slightly annoyed by some of these questions.  I mean, these guys were real rocket scientists and they were acting like brainless idiots, and I know they were smarter than that.
“Phillips,” I said.  “You wrote a paper a couple years ago concerning new and forthcoming propulsion systems, why are you having such a difficult time digesting what I'm telling you today?”
“I think it's just that this is all beyond imagination, Doctor.  Every technology you have described to us sounds more like far-fetched science fiction than science fact.  We would like to see your theoretical work.  You do have it don't you?”
“Of course I do, but you won't be seeing it.”
“And why is that?”  “It's, oh, how should I say this, unavailable.”
“Unavailable?  You mean you just don't want to show us, is that it?”
“Oh no, I'm quite proud of it.  Darla said it's the best mathematical work she's ever seen.”
“Then why is it unavailable?”
“It's on the moon.”  It really was.  I tossed it in with the equipment we dumped on the moon.  This was fun, making them chase their tails like I was.
“The moon?  Why is it on the moon?”
“To keep it away from people who would use it for evil purposes.  The technologies in the Cheryl Lynn have far reaching applications, not just in space but on Earth too.”
The NASA boys all got quiet for a moment.
Finally, Beven spoke.  “NASA is dedicated to peaceful exploration and discovery, we would use any such technologies to further the exploration of space.”
“I sure would like to believe you but I can't.  It's well documented that NASA has engaged in projects that have benefited the military.  Now that would be all fine and good but technologies in the hands of the military have a habit of ending up in the hands of other militaries and therein lies the problem.  So you see now why all the research is on the moon?”
“But what if,” this time it was Pasch, “An unfriendly government came into possession of similar technologies, would you allow us access then?”
“Oh, without a doubt, but until such time it just aint gonna happen.”  I think the NASA guys finally understood my position because they stopped asking questions about the technology and turned instead to questions about where we had gone.  We ended up spending the rest of the day and well into the evening talking about the planets and moons of the solar system.  They especially liked hearing about Europa and Enceladus.  I think because of the possibility of liquid water oceans underneath their surfaces.
At one point during the evening I asked them if they could get me a radio and voice coder so I could contact Darla.  I think they were surprised by my request, they probably thought the base would have them.  Pasch stepped outside for a few minutes and returned to say one would arrive in the morning.  They probably thought I would have Darla deliver the ship to them, yeah, right.
The next morning they showed up promptly at 9:00 AM, each one carrying a component of either the radio or voice coder.  They even set it all up for me; wow were they ever eager beavers.  The two FBI guys just watched, the lazy bums.
When they were finished I stepped forward and did a complete inspection to make sure they hadn't modified the unit in any way.  Not like it really mattered anyway.  If Darla was on the moon like I suspected they wouldn't be able to reach her anyway.  It appeared that they hadn't played with anything so I set about entering the encryption codes in the voice coder.  As I worked with the radio they all stood close by like children eager to receive a present on Christmas day.
So what did I do?  I took my sweet time, that's what I did.  I pretended that I was having a hard time remembering the codes when in fact I knew them by heart.  But eventually I got the system ready and switched the transmitter on.
“Planet Earth calling the Cheryl Lynn, do you copy, over?”
I waited 10 seconds before transmitting again...And then another 10 seconds...And still another 10 seconds.
“This is the Cheryl Lynn, over.”  Ah, the sound of Darla's sweet voice, I had missed hearing it.
The NASA boys got all excited.  Phillips even tried to grab the microphone from me but I snatched it away.
“We'll have none of that,” I scolded them.
“Cheryl Lynn, status report please.”
“Location - Mare Crisium, systems nominal, over.”
“Mare Crisium? Where's that?” asked Agent Callahan.
The NASA guys gave him that “you're really dumb” look.  It was really, really funny.  How could he not know that?
“She's on the moon,” replied Pasch, clearly annoyed by the G-man's stupidity.
“Acknowledged,” I spoke into the microphone.  “Please proceed Oscar X-ray, over.”
“Oscar X-Ray.  Acknowledged.”  And that was the last radio communication I had with Darla.  I then scrambled the voice coder and shut everything off.
The NASA guys were stunned.  “That's it?” demanded Beven.  “That's all you're going to say to her?”
“What?  You expected me to ask her to stop by for a visit?”
“We expected more than that.  What does Oscar X-ray mean?”
“It means to maintain current location until further instructions.  And really, you were curious where she was and she told you.”
“We were expecting more information about the ship,” replied Pasch. “Systems nominal is hardly descriptive of the state of the ship.”
“Sorry to disappoint you but that's as descriptive as we get.”  Sorry?  I wasn't sorry at all.  They really weren't making much sense.  They knew I wouldn't give them the ship.  What a clueless bunch they were.
With nothing better to do for the rest of the day we sat around and chatted, at times about the ship but mostly about the planets again.  They were curious as to how I solved the re-entry problem and were quite surprised when I told them I had used Starlite.  They had of course heard of it but didn't think anyone was using it.
When they left at the end of the evening I never saw them again.  I guess they finally got the hint that I wasn't going to tell them anything really useful.  In fact, I didn't see the FBI goons for quite some time either, it seemed as though they had abandoned me.  It seemed like I was alone with nobody to talk to in my little prison home in the cold, snowy winter wonderland of northern Michigan.
Chapter 15

Wheelin' and Dealin'

Hello everyone, this is Darla!  I know; it's about time I had my say about our adventures.  Mason sure has a way of getting himself in trouble doesn't he?  I had to take over the narrative at this point because he was incommunicado.  When I last saw him he was being dragged away by some ruffians, how rude of them.  Since that time I hadn't been at the farm or anywhere near Earth and I only had that one radio contact with Mason.  It sure was good to hear his voice; I was really worried sick about him.  I still didn't know where he was or who those thugs were who kidnapped him.
When I hurried myself out of the barn I went directly to the moon.  I can tell you this; it's a very lonely place when there's nobody to talk to.  I initially didn't have a plan other than to just get the ship away from those thugs and the moon was the perfect place to hide.  As I looked out the window of the ship thinking about what to do next I thought about possibly contacting a news organization but I doubted they would believe me, and I wouldn't blame them.  Who would ever believe any of this?  The physics behind the technologies is way beyond anything you'll see in any professional, academic journal, but it all works!  I still find it hard to believe that Mason was able to create the ship; it's truly an amazing creation.
So rather than contact a news organization I started thinking about contacting those two guys at OrbitalX.  They seemed a bit creepy to me but they did have a big corporation behind them that might be able to help rescue Mason from whoever was holding him.
When I got the radio communication from Mason I felt a great relief but at the same time knew he was in trouble.  The way he waited ten seconds between each call was a code we had worked out earlier to indicate the caller was in trouble.  And then when he said to proceed Oscar X-Ray I knew he wanted me to contact the OrbitalX men to seek their assistance.  We were on the same page again as we usually are, which is strange because I've never been on the same page with anyone like I am him.
I doubt he's ever really told you about himself...I thought as much.  At the college he comes off as a really nerdy physicist but at the farm he is much different.  He's in his element at the farm where he can talk freely about his life's dream.  It's really kind of a sad commentary that if he ever presented his ideas to the physics community they would call him a kook and he'd likely lose his teaching job.  But that seems to be the way it goes with pioneers, they get laughed at until proven right.
Back to the problem at hand.  I needed to contact Donaldson and Zimmer at OrbitalX but the only way I could was to use the VHF radio onboard the ship (I didn't have my cellphone with me, they aren't much use in space.)  The company did have a communications center they used to keep in touch with their company satellites so I thought I might be able to contact them by tapping in on one of their frequencies.
I left the moon and brought the ship into an orbit about 200 miles above the Earth.  I then began scanning the VHF frequencies in the hope of finding one of their satellites.  It took me about four hours but I did find one and was able to triangulate on its position by changing the orbit of the ship.  I brought the ship in close and sure enough the satellite had an OrbitalX logo on it.  The traffic on the frequency was mostly data but there was some voice traffic being sent between OrbitalX locations.  It was a little tricky but I was able to tap into the stream and send a voice message attached to a data packet.  In the voice message I asked them to contact me on a different frequency that wasn't currently being used.  I also included an encryption sequence so we could talk securely.
And then I waited...and waited...and waited.  I had no idea if they would even get the message but it was all I could do at this point.  About four hours later I got something, it wasn't from either of the two men who had visited us but a communications technician.  She wanted to know who I was and why I was sending them messages like this.  I just asked her to please have either Donaldson or Zimmer contact me on the same frequency.  She didn't seem pleased by my request but said she would pass it along.  It was about three hours later when Donaldson called.  He was quite surprised to hear how I was able to contact them like I did but he was definitely happy I did.
We arranged for me to bring the ship to a secure location they had north of a place called Red Lake, Ontario.  He gave me the coordinates and scheduled to meet him in 24 hours.  I checked the location on the ship's GPS system and found it was in the middle of nowhere.  They wanted an isolated location; they sure did get it.  There was a small airport about an hour from the location so it was still somewhat accessible for them without driving hours and hours.  I suspected Donaldson and Zimmer would fly in and then drive from the airport.  What a slow way to travel.  My perception of travel sure has changed in the time I've been flying the Cheryl Lynn with Mason.  I must do something about that name though...
After the contact with Donaldson I established a geosynchronous orbit above Red Lake, even from 100 miles high I could tell it was remote.  I wondered what they had at that facility.  My mind ran wild with possibilities but it was probably just a simple research or storage facility.
Exactly 23 hours and 30 minutes after the call with Donaldson I contacted them on a second frequency he gave me earlier.  A voice different from either Donaldson or Zimmer gave me landing instructions...for an airplane no less!  I politely told him that I would be landing directly from above.  He paused for a moment and then gave me the precise coordinates to the landing pad.
It was approximately 6:30 PM when I landed on the pad.  Donaldson and Zimmer and about 15 other people were there to meet me.  I sure hoped they would be impressed with the ship.  I can't imagine they wouldn't be, a ship like this doesn't come around every day.
I powered down the ship and then opened the door.  Everyone on the landing pad was standing about 50 feet away until I exited the ship, they probably thought it would be dangerous and I couldn't blame them.  Donaldson quickly rushed forward and shook my hand.
“Welcome to our Red Lake research facility,” he said with a sincere smile.  “It's great to have you here Professor Billings.”
Now, one thing I should point out.  Mason makes it seem like he's the only person alive who remembers conversations exactly as they happened.  Wrong!  I also have an eidetic memory, so all of the conversations written here are exactly as they were spoken.
“Thank you Mr. Donaldson, it's good to be here.  Do you think we should leave the ship out here?  Prying eyes might spot it.”
“Yes, definitely, we'll get it moved inside our hangar.”  He motioned for a man to come forward but before he could speak to him I interrupted.  “I think it would be easier if I just power it up and fly it inside.”
He looked surprised.  “Oh, you can do that?  Excuse me if I seem ignorant, we're just not used to dealing with your ship.”
“That's okay,” I smiled.  “Nobody else has either.  We've kept it to ourselves so far.  In fact, you and the rest of your people here are the first to get this close to it.”
Donaldson then had the OrbitalX people move back so I could move the ship.  I told him not to worry about any sort of exhaust; it was harmless to be near it.
Once I had the ship in the hangar Donaldson and the rest of the group came close and started to inspect the ship.  Even though it was Mason's invention I was still quite proud of it and was happy to answer as many questions as I could about it.  You might be thinking that I was trying to take credit for Mason's invention.  On the contrary, I went out of my way to mention that Mason was the sole driving source behind the ship.  I was immensely proud of what he had accomplished and was distressed that he was locked up somewhere beyond reach.
As I talked with the group of OrbitalX employees I found that they were all research scientists, most were involved in surprise, surprise, propulsion systems for spacecraft.  They were really blown away by what I was showing them, and well they should have been.  It's not everyday, oh shoot, it's not ever that you see a ship like this one, or at least it was until then.  More than one of the scientists asked to see the math behind the ship but of course that was impossible because it was on the moon with the rest of the equipment.
After about an hour of questions I closed up the ship and Donaldson showed me to a large auditorium where even more researchers were waiting.  Before we started any further questioning I let D and Z (my new shorthand for Donaldson and Zimmer) know that I needed to use the ladies room.  I also wanted to get out of the space suit; it was kind of bulky walking around on Earth.
With that done I submitted myself to a thousand questions, everything from how the QFGs work to where we had gone.  I held their attention on every word, even the descriptions of the far away planets and moons.  I must say they were quite amazed by it all.  They were even interested in the material used to protect the ship from those hot, hot atmospheric entry temperatures - Starlite.  Some had heard of it but thought it was a hoax while others had no clue about it.
Two hours into the forum I started to get annoyed, we weren't doing anything to get Mason back.  I mentioned it to Donaldson in a low voice so nobody else could hear and he immediately ended the discussion.  D, Z, three others and myself then retreated to a small conference room across the hall from the auditorium for a more private discussion.  There was a large conference table in the room, I sat on one side and all five OrbitalX employees sat on the other.  It felt just a wee bit awkward.
Donaldson introduced the three other employees as Company president Raif Champion, Chief Executive Officer Kevin Kuchar, and Chief Operating Officer Samantha Stevenson.  Wow, they sure weren't messing around.
“We're quite impressed with you and your ship Professor Billings,” said Mr. Champion.  “The technology is absolutely mind boggling.  We look forward to working with you and Professor Mason in the future.”
“Now therein lies the problem, Mr. Champion,” I replied.  “Mason is currently locked up at some unknown location.  I'm only here because I had assurances from Mr. Donaldson that OrbitalX would help free him.”
“And that's exactly what we plan to do.  You should know though that we know where he is being held. Mr. Zimmer, if you please.”  All eyes focused on Zimmer.
Zimmer looked directly at me.  “Professor Mason is being held by the FBI at Camp Grayling in Northern Michigan.”
“How could you possibly know that?” I asked, completely dumfounded.
“Quite simply really.  We followed their car using a satellite infrared sensor after they left the scene of the car crash.”
“Car crash?!  What car crash?”  I was frantic with worry.
Zimmer chuckled.  “They staged a car crash to make it seem like Mason had really been kidnapped by an organization dedicated to uncovering government UFO and alien conspiracies.”
“But why would they do something like that?”  Maybe I'm dense but this still wasn't making any sense to me.
“They want Professor Mason to think they're protecting him from his ‘kidnappers'.  They think it will be easier to control the professor that way.”
“Well I can tell you that he knows he's being held against his will.  He contacted me once by radio and indicated he was in trouble.”
“That could work to our advantage.”  Zimmer then looked to Champion to continue.
“Professor Billings,” he began.  “As part of any agreement to rescue Professor Mason, we will be expecting access to your ship as well as access to the technical documentation behind it.”  So there it was.  If I said yes, they would help rescue Mason and if I said no...,well, I guess I couldn't say no, now could I?
“How much access are you talking about Sir?  The ship is still the intellectual property of Professor Mason, I don't have the legal right to agree to anything that you're requesting.”
“And we understand that Professor which is why we have put together a deal we are sure Doctor Mason will find most agreeable.”  He then slid a file folder across the table.  “Please take a few minutes to read our proposal.”
I looked hesitantly at the folder and then opened it.  The first page was a summary of their proposal.  In exchange for an initial 20 million dollar payment and further percentages of the profits from any marketable technologies, Mason would allow physical access to the ship and provide complete technical documentation.
I absolutely knew that Mason wouldn't go for that deal; it was giving the store away for virtually nothing.  It also didn't stipulate the usage that would be allowed for any of the included technologies, something that Mason was adamant about in order to keep it out of the wrong hands.
“This looks like a reasonable deal.  I can't imagine Mason would turn it down.  20 million dollars is a great deal of money.”
“You're sure Professor Mason will agree to this?”
“I'm not sure of anything, especially with regard to Mason but it seems very reasonable to me.  I'd be surprised if he turned it down.”
Champion asked Zimmer and Donaldson to escort me from the room while they had a short discussion.  They walked me down to a break room for a cup of coffee where they asked me more questions about the ship.  About 10 minutes later Donaldson received a text from one of the company execs saying that they were ready for me again.
When we were all seated again at the table, OrbitalX on one side and me on the other, Mr. Champion told me they would mount a rescue attempt to free Mason but they fully expected him to agree to the deal.  I again told them I couldn't talk for Mason but I would be surprised if he turned it down, especially if they broke him out of “jail.”  We then shook hands on the deal and the executives left the room, leaving just Donaldson, Zimmer and myself.
They wasted no time in outlining their plan to rescue Mason.  It involved using a helicopter to set down at the compound near the building where the FBI was holding him.  That seemed rather simplistic so I gave them another option.
Chapter 16

Jail Break!

We planned to execute the rescue in two days, so that gave me a chance to get some sleep and re-energize.  I was worn out from everything that had gone on over the course of the last week.  All the time though I couldn't help but wonder how Mason was doing being confined like he was.  He was so used to being able to do what he wanted when he wanted, this must really be making him crazy.  I also just downright missed him, especially his goofy habit of talking to himself when he was thinking about theoretical ideas.  He'll have complete conversations with himself when tossing around different thoughts and ideas.  If a psychiatrist ever evaluated him they would think he was a real looney tune.  But it's very endearing and just one of those many things that make me crazy for him.  I imagine the analysts would think me crazy too but so what.
The day before the rescue attempt I did a complete systems check of the ship.  I let Donaldson, Zimmer and one other OrbitalX scientist accompany me while I ran the checks.  As I went through them I gave the OrbitalX guys a general overview of each system and its function.  Needless to say, they were quite amazed.  I suggested we take the ship for a little spin around the company grounds that night so they could see how we controlled the NGDs.  When I mentioned it the third guy almost squealed with delight he was so excited.
We waited until 11:00 PM to go for our little flight.  It was kind of crowded in the cabin with all four of us.  The company scientist, his name was Marconi, sat in the right seat while Donaldson and Zimmer knelt behind the cockpit seats.  Marconi was Mr. One Thousand Questions as I ran through the checklist to power up the ship's systems.  He was interested in EVERYTHING and it kind of got annoying dealing with all of his questions when I was running through the checklist.  I tried to answer as many as I could though so he wouldn't feel like I was avoiding him.
When I powered up the NGDs and brought the ship to a hover Marconi howled with excitement.  I guess he had never gone for a ride in a negative gravity ship before.  Okay, so that wasn't funny, I never said I was a comedian.  I spun the ship around once to show them how maneuverable the ship was just by controlling the power input to each drive unit.  Then I took us out into the night and flew around the grounds.  I did some quick ascents to 500 feet to demonstrate for them how quickly the ship could move.  Marconi wouldn't shut up the entire time.  He was constantly bringing up facts about gravity and how we seemed to be violating every one.  I did understand what he was going through, I would be the same way if someone showed me something like this and didn't fully explain how it worked.  But I couldn't give the secrets away; they weren't mind to give.
We flew to every corner of their compound doing ascents, descents, spins, and everything else I could think of to show them.  When they all started experiencing motion sickness I decided it was time to bring the ship back to the hangar.  By the time I had everything powered down it was 1:00 AM.  I thought that was a good demonstration for them and I had no doubt it would keep Marconi talking for days about it.
The briefing for the rescue mission was at 1:00 PM in the small conference room.  Donaldson, Zimmer, myself, the company president, and a man who looked like he might have been some sort of ex-government agent were the only ones invited.  It was a very, very secret mission.  The man without a name was the stereotypical muscular sort of tough guy you see in movies, only he seemed very knowledgeable about FBI tactics and methods.  He showed us satellite photographs of the building he said Mason was being held in; how they knew this was beyond me.  There was even one photograph that seemed to show a man walking outside that might have been Mason but it was hard to tell for sure.  He told us exactly how he wanted the mission to proceed, down to the second.  This guy was definitely an expert in this sort of thing.  For the mission itself it would be Donaldson, Mr. No Name, and me doing the flying, there wouldn't be room for a fourth so Zimmer got to stay behind and man the command center.
We left the hanger precisely at 10:00 PM with me in the pilot seat, Donaldson in the right seat and Mr. No Name in the back.  When he boarded the ship he had a small duffel bag with him; he didn't say what was in it and I didn't ask.  I didn't tell the two men but I was pretty darned nervous about what we were going to attempt to do.  I had never so much as had a speeding ticket and now I was going to be involved in a prison break, what was I thinking?!  But in my mind Mason was being held illegally so we had every right to go get him.  I think every one of you reading this would do the same, am I right?
Once we cleared the hangar I wasted no time in getting the ship into orbit.  The quickest way to get to our re-entry point was to do an orbit so I set the course and we had a pleasant 90-minute sightseeing tour around the Earth.  Both men were quite taken with the fact that they were in space.  It's not every day you get to go for a flight in space when breaking someone out of jail.  Mr. No Name asked if we would fly over Afghanistan, I suspected he spent some time there in the not too distant past.  I felt bad when I told him our orbit would keep us well to the north but that's how it goes when you're orbiting.  Orbital trajectories are much more complicated than making simple turns.  I know, space movies make it seem like that's all you do but that's fantasy, this was reality.
When we approached our re-entry point I let Donaldson and Mr. No Name know it would be about 30 minutes until we landed.  Donaldson extricated himself from his seat and moved to the back with No Name where they started fiddling with the contents of the duffel bag.  They talked quietly so I couldn't hear what was being said and quite honestly I was glad of it.  The less I knew about how they were going to get Mason out of the building the better.
I brought the ship down with an angled descent rather than straight down like we usually do and landed about 20 feet from the door to the building.  I flipped the release for the door and Donaldson and No Name jumped out and sprinted for the door, both armed with some kind of short rifle.  I watched them from the safety of the ship; I sure wasn't going out there.  When they got to the door they tested the handle and to their surprise found it unlocked.  They ran inside and less than 30 seconds ran back outside and hopped in the ship.
“Take the ship up and follow that car!” No Name yelled.  I closed the door and brought the ship up to 50 feet where I could see a four-door sedan racing away from the building.  It was very dark out and the car didn't have its lights on but there was enough light from the surrounding area to follow it.  I began to pursue and quickly came up to it.  No Name yelled for me to come up alongside.  Once we were in position he pointed his rifle at the car and shot at the front and rear tires.  The car spun out of control and rolled over.  I screamed with horror!  Mason was likely in the car and he was probably injured now, I couldn't imagine that he wasn't.
No Name then yelled for me to land next to the car.  When we were down I popped open the door and they ran out to the car.  No Name ran to the driver’s side and appeared to smack the driver with the butt of his rifle.  Donaldson went to the right passenger side door and struggled with but finally opened the door.  He dragged Mason out and carried him to the ship with No Name's help.  When they were all back on board I cranked up the power to the NGDs and did a zoom climb until we reached an orbital altitude of 100 miles.
We had another 90 minutes of orbit time until we could land back at the OrbitalX facility and I so desperately wanted to go to Mason but there wasn't room for all of us behind the seats.  I did look back and saw No Name administering first aid to him.  I could clearly see blood on his face and forehead.  He didn't look like he was conscious so I prayed he was only knocked out.
“Is he alive?!” I yelled in a panic.
“He's got a concussion from the look of it,” replied No Name.  “His breathing and pulse are both steady.  I think he may have some broken bones in his legs too.”  He applied splints to both his lower legs while Donaldson tended to the cuts on his face and forehead.
The orbit couldn't go fast enough; we really needed to get Mason to a doctor at OrbitalX.  As we flew the orbit Donaldson and No Name discussed the rescue and seemed quite pleased with how it went.  I didn't bother to point out that Mason was banged up pretty badly; I guess it's just a matter of perspective.  During their conversation No Name mentioned that he had seen many men in much worse shape than Mason and they made full recoveries...most of the time.  Great, just great I thought, make me worry even more.  Thank you very much Mr. No Name.
I brought the ship down at a faster than normal descent rate and on a long approach angle to get us down as fast as possible.  The outer hull temperature reached 650ºF due to the faster descent but we didn't notice the heat inside and it didn't seem like there was any exterior damage.  That Starlite Mason used on the exterior sure was amazing stuff.  You know, for a geeky physicist he sure is a practical guy.
During the descent I contacted the OrbitalX facility to tell them to have medical staff ready.  When we arrived I landed the ship outside the hangar so they could get Mason out and inside as quickly as possible.  There were five medics waiting to meet us, they even had a gurney.  When we were down I wasted no time in popping the door.  Donaldson and No Name quickly carried Mason to the gurney and the medical staff wheeled him away.  After everyone was gone I moved the ship into the hangar and quickly powered it down, closed the door and locked it.
I sprinted inside to get to Mason.  I had no reason not to trust the medical staff to take care of him properly but I still felt the need to be with him.  I grabbed Donaldson and asked for directions to the infirmary.  He hesitated for a moment and then gave me directions.  When I arrived a nurse tried to stop me from going into the examination room but I pushed her aside and barged on in.  There were at least five doctors and nurses working on Mason, two were connecting him to monitors while the other three were doing a physical examination of his injuries.  A moment later the nurse I brushed by came in and pleaded with me to please leave the room so the doctors could do their jobs.  I refused so she then asked me to step to the side to stay out of the way.
The doctors worked on Mason through the night and into the morning.  They had some very high-tech equipment available to them and more than once they wheeled him out for various scans.  Occasionally one would come over and give me an update on his condition.  From the scans they determined he had experienced a cerebral edema, also known as swelling on the brain.  He said the amount of swelling didn't appear to be extensive so their plan was to treat it with oxygen therapy, IV fluids, and drugs.  They would only resort to surgery if the swelling didn't go down over the next few days.  Mason was lucky in one way because his legs weren't broken.  He had some nasty bruising and a gash on his right thigh but that was all.
Late that morning Mason finally woke up, kind of...he was really groggy and could barely speak so I told him not to try.  I began to tell him what happened but soon he was asleep again and that was quite fine with me.  He needed to sleep and let his body heal.
In the afternoon Zimmer stopped by and asked me if I wouldn't mind doing a debriefing of the mission.  I wasn't excited about leaving Mason but he was sleeping so I begrudgingly agreed.
The debriefing was held in the same small conference room and in attendance were Zimmer, Donaldson, No Name, company president Champion, CEO Kuchar and COO Stevenson.  There really wasn't much to the debriefing, everyone told their version of what happened and that was it.  The one thing I couldn't figure out was how the FBI agents knew we were coming.
Chapter 17

Recovery

It was three weeks before Mason really started to show improvement.  Oh sure there was the time he opened his eyes but he was mostly unconscious for the first week and part of the second.  When he was awake he wasn't able to speak and barely able to acknowledge that I was next to him.  During the third week he was minimally improved and finally during the fourth week he showed real improvement.  I was sitting next to his bed reading the local newspaper to him when he woke up and asked me in a gruff tone to please stop.  I guess the news story about the upcoming sled dog race was just too much for him.
I called the doctor to the room immediately so they could examine him, which didn't please Mason one bit.  He sure was a bad patient.  After the examination the doctor called me out of the room to deliver his assessment.  He was quite pleased with the latest development and wanted to get Mason started on physical therapy the next day.  He said it would take some work to get Mason walking on his own after spending so much time in bed.  I understood this all too well having gone through physical therapy myself when I was a teenager after suffering a broken hip in a car accident; that was something I wouldn't wish on anyone.
Later that day the company president came by for a visit, something he'd never done before.  He was anxious to talk with Mason about the deal but I wouldn't let him discuss it; Mason was nowhere near being ready to deal with that sort of thing.  Mr. Champion unhappily left after a short introductory hello.  I hadn't told anyone other than the doctor about Mason's condition so the doctor must have reported it to someone else which then made it up the chain to the president.  Since OrbitalX employed the doctor it didn't surprise me, at this point I was quite happy with the care they were giving Mason.
Mason was alert to the point of being annoying.  He complained about EVERYTHING.  What he didn't seem to understand was that these people had rescued him, with my assistance of course, and that complaining wasn't really in his best interest right now.  Once I explained the situation to him he calmed down.  We couldn't really talk freely about our options yet so we kept the conversation to anything that didn't involve the ship.  In my opinion we were in the best possible place we could be.  We were out of the reach of the FBI and all those other agencies made up of letters in the U.S. government that wanted to steal our ship from us.  OrbitalX really was a safe haven for us.  A question we both had though was what to do now?  If we went back to the states with the ship the feds would be on us like flies on...well you know what I mean.  And we really couldn't stay where we were so we were going to have to come up with something.
Physical therapy started the next day, what fun that was.  I thought Mason was a bad patient before but he was absolutely terrible now.  He had this crazy idea that he could just get up and walk like nothing happened to his brain.  He quickly learned how wrong he was.  Before he could even take a step the physical therapists had to work with him to strengthen his leg muscles.  They had atrophied terribly while he was confined to the bed.  To his credit though he advanced quickly and by the fifth day he was able to attempt his first steps.  They wheeled him over to a set of parallel bars and helped him stand.  Using the bars for support he took his first steps.  It took him forever (or at least it seemed like it to me) but eventually he made it to the other end, a distance of about ten feet.  He was pretty exhausted after that and he complained if you could believe this about being hungry.  Hungry? Oh brother.
The therapy sped up after his first walk and within two weeks he was walking almost normally.  I was really impressed, especially after how he had acted when he first began therapy.  By the end of the third week he was running slowly on a treadmill, which was really amazing seeing as I had never seen him run before.  He's not the kind of guy who gets much physical exercise but when you design and build space ships as amazing as his, who cares?
Speaking of that ship, it still amazes me that he was able to build it in such secrecy.  He never made even the vaguest mention of it at the college, not one.  Oh, we all knew he had a farm with a barn where he tinkered with ideas supposedly to do with extracting helium from rocks on the moon but this was beyond imagination.  If Professor Williams, the department chair, ever saw the ship he'd probably have a heart attack.  I know for a fact that he had some unkind words to say about Mason.  Mind you, those words were in reference to his helium extraction work that Mason never gave any worthwhile details about.
I remember once at a department roundtable Professor Williams point blank asked Mason for details about the helium project, expecting a substantive answer.  Mason, who wasn't even paying attention, stood up and started into a long monologue about the difficulties of getting to the moon to even carry out such work.  Here he was, building a spaceship that could get to the moon in three seconds and he was telling the department chair how difficult it was to get to the moon.  We all took his answer to mean that he wasn't really working on the helium project.  The ‘Old Man', as Mason called him, wondered how any of that pertained to the extraction of helium from rocks.  Mason gave a really long-winded answer about thrust to weight ratios and orbital dynamics that meant absolutely nothing.  The Old Man just shook his head.  The other faculty members and myself had a good laugh over that one at a local bar later that evening.
The OrbitalX people kept a close eye on Mason's recovery and by the fourth week they were eager to start talking about the deal.  Mason wanted to delay as long as possible so I asked them if they would like to see a slide show of pictures and some videos we had taken during our trips around the solar system.  I was surprised how quickly they said yes.  It was almost as though they completely forgot about talking with Mason.
The show took place in the same auditorium I had given my talk when I first arrived, only this time the place was packed with people.  Those who couldn't find seats stood along the walls.  We showed them every picture and video we took during our travels, including when I fell on my bum on Pluto; that got a nice chuckle out of the crowd.  The show lasted three hours and then it seemed everyone in the auditorium had a question.  The question and answer period lasted another two hours and by the end Mason and I were both exhausted.  One question that came up was whether we would be willing to take some of the OrbitalX employees for a ride in the ship.  We didn't see any harm in that and readily agreed.  After all, we were still very grateful to OrbitalX for what they had done for us.
Chapter 18

Go Here, Go There

Hey everyone, it's Mike again!  I apologize for not being able to continue with the narrative but as you could tell from Darla's reporting of the events I was sort of detained and then incapacitated.  Darla sure is the best isn't she?  It really blows me away how she was able to communicate with the OrbitalX folks using the satellite; I never knew she had such advanced technical skills.  I mean, she's one heck of a physicist, best I've ever known by far, but her ability to tap into that satellite shows how crafty and resourceful she really is.  And then her piloting of the Cheryl Lynn during the rescue, that was some amazing flying.  She comes off all meek and mild but the truth is much different, she can be very decisive and aggressive when the need presents itself.
I'm fully recovered by the way from the injuries I suffered during the rescue attempt.  Thanks for asking by the way.  That head injury sure was a doozy, like nothing I had ever experienced before.  Darla told me I pretty much slept the first week or two, which the doctors say is actually good as it gave my body time to fix itself without me causing further problems.
Anyway, I pick up the narrative at the point we were planning on taking some of the OrbitalX employees for a ride into space.  They had a big contest to determine who would go.  First they started with a lottery to decide who would even get the chance to be selected.  Then, those who won the lottery had to write up a summary of what they hoped to gain from the flight.  The corporate brass made the final selection of twenty.  They did all of this over the course of two days; they really wanted to get their people up in space to experience some of what we showed them during our picture and video presentation.  They also planned on filming the ship when it made the hops away from Earth by using one of their satellites that was normally used for Earth observations.  Darla and I would pilot all of the flights of course.  Someone, not sure who, in the OrbitalX management chain suggested we give flight lessons to some of the employees but we flat out refused.  There was no way we were going to let them fly our ship, no freaking way.
OrbitalX, being an aerospace company had space suits available for their employees so they wouldn't be flying unprotected in case something bad happened, like depressurization of the cabin.  Mind you, we never flew with our helmets on so having a space suit on wouldn't really help anyway.
The day after final selections were complete M&D Solar System Tours officially began operations.  Facetious?  Uh, yeah.  I know all the good OrbitalX had done for us and all but still, tours of the solar system?  It was obvious to me they just wanted to get as much information as possible about the operation of the ship in case I didn't agree to any contracts they had in the works.  I still didn't know the details of the ‘deal' as they called it; Darla didn't want to discuss it anywhere they could listen in on our conversation.  So I knew something wasn't right about it but I was going to have to wait to find out the particulars.
For the first flight we took along two women from the propulsion-engineering group.  Betsy and Carly were their names and both were incredibly eager to experience the hop through space.  During the flight briefing both got all giddy when we described what would happen when we powered up the QFGs and they were absolutely ecstatic when we told them our destination was Mars.  It seems OrbitalX had big plans for Mars that they hadn't revealed to the public.  They were after all a privately held company so they weren't under any obligation to tell the world what they were planning.  But still, Mars is kind of a big deal.
In order to accommodate the extra passengers for these flights I installed two jump seats the company made available behind the pilot and co-pilot seats.  Our guests would be able to strap in without worrying about getting tossed around the cabin.  Not like that really ever happened, but in their defense the company didn't know what to expect and they wanted their employees to be safe.
Once we got our tourists strapped in we initiated the startup checklist.  We had Betsy and Carly connected into the communications system and initially they both started asking question after question after question.  I had to politely tell them to please shut up so we could get the ship off the ground as their questions were interfering with our flight procedures.
They got quiet until we powered up the NGDs and brought the ship to a hover, then they both squealed with delight.  It was kind of annoying to hear them so excited but I really could understand what they were feeling.  I'm sure they felt like this was science fiction come true.  We taxied out of the hangar and then after getting clearance from their control tower Darla initiated a very quick climb straight up, a normal maneuver for us but it blew our passengers away.  As we climbed Darla adjusted the flight path to more quickly intercept the OrbitalX satellite so we didn't have to spend all day and night chasing the darned thing.  Lucky for us the satellite was at that time over North America so the intercept took less than an hour.
We contacted OrbitalX control once we rendezvoused with the satellite.  They then adjusted the satellite and its cameras to get a good look at us.  It was our understanding that in addition to filming the hop they were going to show it live on TV screens at their facility.  They were in for the show of a lifetime.
While we waited for the ground crew to adjust the satellite we entertained questions from Betsy and Carly.  Not surprisingly, they were both very interested in the NGDs.  I gave them my standard response about gravity being like magnetism and opposites attracting and likes repelling.  They sort of understood the idea but, as is the way of scientists and engineers, wanted to see the mathematics behind the design.  And of course this was something I couldn't (and wouldn't) give them since all the technical documentation was on the moon.
It took about fifteen minutes for the ground crew to get the satellite in position for the ‘event' as they wanted to call it.  Once they gave the final clearance we initiated the QFG power-up sequence and wasted no time making the hop.  Betsy and Carly were both absolutely speechless when they looked out and saw Mars below us.  I could only imagine what the people on the ground were thinking as they watched the ship get enveloped in a shimmering blue field and then just disappear.  I sent a message to the OrbitalX facility right after we arrived to let them know we arrived safely.  Because of the distance from the Earth to Mars it would take just over 14 minutes to reach them.  I thought it very ironic, we could get to Mars from Earth in three seconds but a radio transmission from Mars to Earth required 14 minutes.  Sometimes the speed of light seems so slow.  Ha, ha.
Our passengers asked if we would be landing.  I know, what a silly question, of course we would!  And this time we were going to visit one of the inactive rovers NASA had sent to the planet.  I plotted the course to the rover of interest and Darla deftly brought the ship down.  She's a much better pilot than I am by the way.  It's as if she and the ship are one when she flies it.  She brought the ship down within about 50 meters of our target, the Sojourner lander from the Mars Pathfinder mission.  The rover and its landing platform arrived on Mars on July 4th, 1997 and was the first rover to actually work on Mars.  There have been many missions to Mars, many of them unsuccessful however.
Betsy and Carly were eager to get outside so we wasted no time getting them and the cabin ready.  They asked me to play the ‘guess what number I'm thinking game' so they could decide who would be first out the door.  Carly won so after a quick briefing by Darla about how to walk on Mars she was out the door.  And of course because she paid absolutely no attention to what Darla had told her she promptly fell on her face.  While Betsy laughed like a hyena Darla and I helped Carly to her feet.
Once everyone was safely out the door and adjusted to the weaker gravity we walked as a group over to Sojourner and Pathfinder.  It would have been fun to get Pathfinder working and send a message to NASA but that wouldn't be happening today.  Instead, we took a bunch of pictures of Betsy and Carly inspecting and admiring the rover and platform.  The platform by the way was used to control the rover; all commands were sent to Sojourner via Pathfinder using 9600-baud modems.  Remember those?
In addition to visiting Sojourner and Pathfinder we collected four bags of rocks for the scientists at OrbitalX.  They weren't really a planetary exploration company but I had no doubt they would use them to their advantage somehow.
Betsy and Carly didn't want to leave when it was time to go so I told them they didn't have to.  They could just wander around on the surface until their oxygen ran out after we left without them.  That got them in the ship in a hurry.  I did have one little extra for this trip though; we weren't really very far from where Viking-1 landed back in 1976 so we took a quick flight over to it.  Both Pathfinder and Viking-1 are located in Chryse Planitia, Viking-1 in the western region and Pathfinder in the eastern.
You may not know this about Viking-1 but it was not only the first lander on Mars, it also operated for over six years.  It landed on July 20th, 1976 and stopped operating on November 11th, 1982.  It didn't die from lack of power either.  It died because a bad command sequence was sent to it that messed up the antenna control software.  What a bummer for the team that did that.
Okay, back to the tour.  Darla landed about 20 meters from the lander so we wouldn't have far to walk.  We took the obligatory pictures of Betsy and Carly standing next to the lander and collected some more rocks since we still had one bag available to fill.  We ended up visiting Viking only for about 45 minutes and then decided to pack it in and head for home.
The tour lasted a total of 3 hours and 50 minutes.  We left the hangar at 11:00 PM and returned at 2:50 AM.  It had been a long day and both Darla and I were ready to get some sleep but Betsy and Carly both wanted to hang around and chat about the flight.  We were polite and answered questions until 4:00 AM.  When we got to our room it took me about 5 seconds to fall asleep after my head hit the pillow.
We woke up a little after 10:00 AM and after we showered and dressed we went down to the cafeteria for some food.  When we got there everyone stood up and clapped and cheered, for what I couldn't say.  One of the employees came over and told us how grateful they all were for letting them see the ship in action on the video screens last night.  And, Betsy and Carly had told them all about the visit to Mars and the stops to see Pathfinder and Viking-1.  We assured her it was no big deal and we looked forward to taking others on similar trips, although probably not to Mars.
After breakfast Donaldson found us still in the cafeteria and asked us if we wouldn't mind meeting with the corporate bigwigs to discuss the deal.  I knew I couldn't avoid it forever so I agreed, still clueless about the details.  He accompanied us to a conference room, which Darla said was the one they always used when they met with her during the time I was locked up by the FBI ne'er-do-wells.  When we arrived there were several OrbitalX executives seated on one side of the table.  We were shown to the other side.  I guess they liked to separate the sides during negotiations.
Donaldson introduced the others as company president Raif Champion, Chief Executive Officer Kevin Kuchar, and Chief Operating Officer Samantha Stevenson.
Champion wasted no time and got right down to business, “So Doctor Mason, what do you think of our proposed deal?”  Well this would be easy.  “Honestly I can't give you any sort of opinion about it since I haven't seen it.  Doctor Billings has been unwilling to show me the proposal so far due to my head injury.”  I pointed to my head to stress the point.
Champion raised his eyebrows somewhat surprised by my comment.  “Oh, well then, let me give you a summary if you don't mind.”
I nodded for him to continue.
He described the deal and it sure was a hefty sum of money but would it be worth it in the end?  I would have to talk it over with Darla.
“Well it sure is a heck of a lot of money,” I said.  “But I'm going to need time to think about it.  How about we chat again after we've finished with the space tourist flights?”
“That seems reasonable, wouldn't you agree everyone?”  The other OrbitalX employees each nodded their agreement and we then concluded the meeting.  On the way out the door Kuchar made a point of thanking us for the wonderful show last night.  I had never actually seen the ship disappear so I asked him if we could watch the video.  He gladly agreed and we went to his office where we viewed the ‘event'.  It was really quite impressive how the ship develops a blue glow and then just disappears.  To the unknowing eye it would seem like magic.  So you can all call me Mr. Magician from now on.  Okay, just kidding, Mike the Magician is quite acceptable.  Kuchar made the comment that to him and the rest of the OrbitalX leadership this was the most amazing technology they had ever seen.  Of course he was overstating things.  I mean, really, a toaster that actually works is much more amazing.
The evening's flight found us accompanied by a structural engineer named Williams and a theoretical physicist named Marconi.  Darla pointed out to me that Marconi had been on a flight she had made around the company grounds one night shortly after she arrived.  It seems he was literally non-stop with questions about every system on the ship.  Oh great I thought, this guy would be a pain in the rear the entire flight.
We briefed at 10:30 PM and took the ship up promptly at 11.  I handled the questions while Darla did the flying, and boy did Marconi ask questions.  He didn't even care where we were going; he only cared about the ship.  He also tried to get me to tell him the theory behind both the NGDs and the QFGs.  He seemed put out when I wouldn't give him the keys to the kingdom so to speak.  I did tell him about the man on the bicycle on the moon but he was not amused.  Oh well, he'd just have to deal with it because if I gave him the information he so desperately desired we wouldn't have any leverage in our negotiations.
Enough of that, on to the flight.  We stopped first on the moon in the Sea of Fertility where the Soviet Luna 16 lander was located.  If you're like most people, you've probably never heard of Luna 16 so I'm going to tell you all about it.
When the United States landed Neil Armstrong and Edwin Aldrin on the moon in July of 1969 and returned them safely to Earth the Soviet Union lost the race to the moon.  In reality they had lost it years ago when they couldn't build a heavy booster rocket that wouldn't explode but that's beside the point.  Even before the race was over they turned their attention to landing robotic landers with the intention of returning moon rock samples to Earth.  Their first successful sample return mission was Luna 16, which landed in September of 1970 and returned 101 grams of rock to Earth using a sample return rocket.  It was the third lunar mission of any kind to return moon rocks, the first two being Apollo 11 and Apollo 12.
Most people also don't know this but the Soviets tried to land one of their robotic landers the same day that Eagle landed on July 20th, 1969.  Unfortunately for the Soviets it crashed.  They ended up landing three robotic landers that returned rock samples but the race to the moon was over, they lost.  They also landed two rovers that took pictures and sampled the rocks; these were Lunakhod 1 and 2.  The first landed in 1970 and the second in 1973.
Heard enough about Soviet lunar landers?  I bet you have so back to the flight.  We landed within about twenty meters of Luna 16 for some pictures.  While we were there we collected some rocks.  Everyone gets a real thrill collecting rocks from the moon and planets.  I guess it gives them more of a sense of being a real space-exploring astronaut, much like the Apollo astronauts were.
When we were done playing on the moon we made a quick hop over to Mars where we landed near the Phoenix lander.  This was a lander that NASA, in a partnership with a slew of other countries and universities, successfully landed in 2008.  The landing site is well north of any other landing site and is close to the North Polar Region where they hoped to find water ice.  In fact, during the northern winter carbon dioxide ice covers the area.  We found the area to be very flat compared to any of the places we had landed previously.  The rocks were also much smaller too.  One thing we noticed that really stood out when we were landing was polygonal shapes on the surface.  These same shapes are seen on Earth and are caused by sub-surface ice made of water that thaws along cracks.  Surface soils fill in the cracks before the water can refreeze.  It's kind of cool I think to see the same type of features on Mars as we have on Earth.  It's a conspiracy I tell ya!  Okay that makes absolutely no sense but it sounds good don't you think?
We found the Phoenix lander to be in a state of disrepair.  The solar panels were damaged beyond use from the carbon dioxide ice that builds up during the winter.  It's good NASA didn't plan on the useful life of the lander being more than three months (it actually lasted 5 months) because the cold and ice of winter sure did a number on it.
There is a DVD attached to the topside of the lander that includes messages from the “people of Earth” to the future “people of Mars”.  It looked like it was still in good condition and we so wanted to take it with us but that would have been uncool so we left it where it was.  We did take pictures of the lander with Williams and Marconi posing next to it.  Williams especially got a thrill out of the experience.  Marconi, not so much.  He seemed to be wound a little too tightly but that was just my humble opinion.
While we were wandering around the landing site Darla and I switched to a private channel to discuss the OrbitalX deal.  She agreed with me that we couldn't take it.  We would lose all control over the development and future use of the technology, something I was adamant about.  We both agreed we needed to separate ourselves from OrbitalX, we just didn't know how yet.
We collected two bags of rocks from the surface and then decided to call it a day and head for Earth.  It was just before 2:00 AM when we powered everything down.  The mission debrief should have been quick but of course Marconi had a million more questions, most of which were concerned with the QFGs.  I ended up telling him that he should just reverse engineer the process by which they work because I wasn't going to tell him anymore.  He sure wasn't pleased with that I tell you!  I think he really believed that we should just tell him everything.  He even said during the debriefing that since the company saved us from the feds we were obligated to tell him.  I know he was just acting on company orders but he really was a major league jerk.  I finally said the debriefing was over and Darla and I just walked out of the conference room.  It wasn't until 3:30 that we got to bed.
For the next seven days we continued with the same type of tours.  We mostly went to Mars but we did visit Europa (we actually landed this time), Enceladus and Pluto as well.  All of the OrbitalX space tourists had the time of their lives, no doubt about that.  I can't imagine that any of them thought they would ever get to go to these planets and moons we visited, even in their wildest dreams.
On the tenth day of operation of our space touring company I decided we were going to do something a little different.  Our passengers were a married couple, Joann and Bob Sorensen from the design concepts department.  Bob was a design engineer and Joann was a graphic artist who made the design concepts come to life on paper and screen.
We did a mission briefing at 10:30 PM like usual when I told the Sorensens we would be making stops at Pluto and Charon, it's biggest moon.  What I didn't tell them was what I had planned for after that.
The Sorensens got a big thrill out of the leap to Pluto and the visits to the planet and Charon.  Joann took more pictures than was typical, she said something about using them to inspire a series of paintings she was planning on doing.  I just hoped she realized that if she ever tried to sell them she wouldn't want to tell people she had actually been to the places in her paintings.  People would laugh and laugh.  I mean, come on now, Pluto and Charon?  Everyone knows only New Horizons has ever visited those two worlds.
When everyone was back in the ship after the visit to Charon, Darla took the ship up to a nice high orbit above Pluto.  It was then that I let our guests know where our next destination was.  Ever since we took our first leap to the moon I had wondered how far we could really go in one hop.  Now we were going to test the range by attempting to reach Proxima Centauri.  Never heard of it?  Well that's really amazing because it's the closest known star to our own, only 4.25 light years away.  I say only like it's right around the corner but in reality it's unbelievably far away, just not as unbelievably far away as other stars in the night sky.  Oh, one other thing about Proxima Centauri, you can't see it with the unaided eye because it's too dim.  It's what is known as a red dwarf type of star, much smaller than our own and doesn't give off much visible light.  It mostly radiates infrared light and some X-rays when it flares up.  The star also has a planet orbiting it.  It sure would be cool to land on it and take in the sights.
The Sorensens had some trepidation about attempting a leap so far.  It seemed that 3 billion miles was no big deal but 25 trillion miles, now that was a different story.  It's hard to conceive of 25 trillion miles but that's about how far it is to Proxima Centauri.  Oh sure I could come up with something like it's equivalent to the distance Pluto travels around the sun over the course of some unknown number of years but what would be the point in that?  Let's just agree that 25 trillion miles is unfathomably far away, okay?
Anyway, I was able to convince the Sorensens that it really didn't matter how far we were leaping because we were already so far from Earth that if there was a problem with the ship we were doomed.
With our passengers now on board with our plan I set the course in the navigational computer and gave the thumbs up to Darla.  I guess I should have given some long-winded speech about the significance of the flight blah, blah, blah but I was more interested in the flight than words so I didn't.  We all just held our breath while the QFGs took for what seemed like forever to come up to full power and then held our breath even longer as we waited for Darla to initiate the leap.  When she did press the magic button I had the sense that the leap took longer than the normal three seconds, in fact it took six.
Once the leap was complete I took a bearing on our location using the surrounding stars for guidance.  We weren't anywhere near our own solar system, that was very apparent, but were we near Proxima?  There was a dim star off our starboard side and two others relatively close but much brighter.  Using the navigational computer and its star data I was able to determine that our Sun was a bright dot of light to our port side.  We were definitely at Proxima Centauri!  We all had a grand celebration then; we were after all the first humans to leave our solar system.  I know what you're thinking, don't forget about the humans who have been abducted by space aliens and taken to the far reaches of the galaxy.  But those people don't count darn it!  They didn't earn it like we did.
I really couldn't be happier about how the QFGs performed, 25 trillion miles in one leap!  I was having a good laugh with the Sorensens when Darla pointed out that the reactor power level had dropped to 5%.  Uh oh, that wasn't good at all.  5% wouldn't be enough to run the NGDs let alone the QFGs.  We would need 100% power from the reactor to get the juice we needed to drive those beautiful QFGs.  It seems as though the 25 trillion miles of space the QFGs had to pull together to make the leap put a real drain on the reactor.
The Sorensens started to panic, thinking we were stranded.  I calmed their fears though by telling then the reactor just needed time to recharge so there was really nothing to worry about.  In about 48 hours the reactor would be fully charged and we could then leap back home.
So for the next two days we had a grand time trying not to be bored out of our skulls.  Everyone slept as much as they could to help make the time go by faster.  It was good we had food and drinks stocked in the storage compartment because I for one can't go even half a day without eating.  When we were awake we would all sneak looks at the reactor power level meter just to reassure ourselves we were in fact going to be able to go home.  And it was going up, albeit slowly but it was climbing as expected.  I think my showing no concern helped the Sorensens keep their cool.  They actually seemed to enjoy the extra time in space.  They sure would have some good stories to tell their co-workers.  I kind of felt bad we didn't have some commemorative plaque or something to give them for being part of the first crew to leave the solar system but hey, we're new to the space tourism thing so lighten up!  Man, you readers can be so critical!
I was concerned about the power level of the reactor once we made the jump back to our solar system so I ran some models through the onboard computer to see if there was a way to arrive in system without draining the reactor.  What I found was that as the distance grows, the power required to make a leap goes up exponentially, which means that one long leap takes way more power than smaller ones.  The modeling showed that if we made eight leaps, each just over 1/2 of a light year, we would arrive in system with approximately 60% of our reactor power remaining.  That would be more than enough to drive the NGDs and get us on the ground safely.  It took some extra doing but I did get the 8 leaps programmed into the navigation computer.
We still had some time to kill before we could leap so I decided to observe the red dwarf star to see if its planet was visible.  According to the researchers who discovered it the orbital period is just over 11 Earth days, which means it is really close to the star.  For comparison, Mercury takes 88 Earth days to orbit the sun so this planet is really close.  But because Proxima Centauri is a red dwarf and doesn't put out much energy the planet can survive without being boiled away.  There is even speculation that life could exist there, if water is available.  Maybe someday we would find out.
I observed the star for three hours continuously and right before I was going to call it quits the planet came in to view from behind the star.  I pointed it out to everyone and the cabin erupted with excited chatter.  “This is the first planet outside our solar system directly viewed with the naked eye!”  I think Joann said that but it was hard to tell with everyone talking at once.  Darla and both the Sorensens took pictures of the planet as it passed in front of the star; they would be real proof that we saw the planet.
The planet kept us talking for a good hour before the cabin got quiet again.  You could sense a new energy though, I mean, we got to see a brand new planet in a star system over four light years from our own!
At hour 47 we all were wide-awake and more than ready to get going back home.  Nobody said much that last hour, we all just watched the countdown clock and the reactor power level meter.  When hour 48 finally rolled around, all of us looked at the power meter and low and behold it read 100%.  There was a collective sigh of relief; we knew for sure we were going home.  It really would be a lousy way to end up too, stranded in space with no way to get home.  I imagine we would all suffocate, what fun that would be.  We didn't dilly dally either.  We all strapped in, Darla fired up the QFGs and we made the first leap.
We wound up somewhere in the middle of space, no stars nearby, no planets, no nothing.  It was kind of an eerie feeling; we had never made a leap without any sort of celestial body nearby.  I immediately checked the reactor power level and it was down to 95%, just what it should be.  We waited thirty minutes before the next hop to give the QFGs time to completely re-energize.  This was the first time we had ever tried to use them again so soon after a leap so I wanted to be sure they would be fully functional.
The conversation was lively during the interlude; it sure does help to know you're going to live to see another day.  Continuous conversation also makes the time go faster and the thirty minutes seemed like five.  I did a quick diagnostic on the QFGs and found them to be nominal so we made the next leap.
This is how we spent the next three and 1/2 hours.  Leap, pause for 30 minutes, again and again.  You get the picture.  There was great anticipation when we made the last leap.  Reactor power was down to just under 70%, the thirty-minute breaks helped with recharge so we were in better shape than I expected.
When we completed the last leap we were all very, very relieved to see that beautiful blue planet below us.  Darla immediately contacted the tower at OrbitalX to let them know we were back.  They seemed kind of angry with us, can you believe it?  Anyway, we were on the other side of the planet so we settled into a 50-minute partial orbit to line us up for a descent to Red Lake.
The Sorensens couldn't stop talking they were so excited.  It seems they have two children they left in the care of her parents.  Little did the grandparents know that they would end up watching the kids for over two days rather than five or six hours.  So it goes with space travel though, right?  You can never tell when you're going to be delayed in some distant star system for some unforeseen reason.  I sound like I'm some seasoned interstellar space captain.  You laugh but I ask you this, how much time have any of you spent outside the solar system?  I think I can answer that for you...zero!  Oh, I guess some of you alien abductees may have been all over the galaxy but I bet you didn't pilot those alien ships you were on.  So maybe I should give myself a new title - “Captain of the Galaxy”, or some other corny moniker.
Upon our arrival back at OrbitalX it seemed like a thousand people were gathered in the hangar to meet us.
Chapter 19

Time Is...Relative?

The crowd in the hangar eased out of the way when we brought the ship in but when we opened the door they rushed forward as one and surrounded us.  It seems there was great concern for the Sorensens, Darla and me - not so much.  Everyone wanted to know what had happened and why were we gone for so long.  Someone even gave Bob and Joann microphones so they could address the crowd.  Bob began by saying that we first went to Pluto and Charon where we had an enjoyable visit.  Joann then described to the throng how we then leapt to the Proxima Centauri star system.
The crowd got really, really quiet then, I think from disbelief more than anything.  I asked Joann for her microphone and gave a full description of the events of the last 65 hours.  As I was speaking I noticed a man close by look at his watch.  When I was done speaking he politely asked me what time it was.  I gave him a somewhat puzzled look but did as he requested.
“It's 3:45 PM,” I said.
He shook his head from side to side, “your watch is wrong professor.  The time is currently 3:33 PM.”
Others in the crowd agreed with him.  Darla and the Sorensens all agreed it was 3:45 PM though.  Could the four of us all have clocks so consistently wrong?
“I think,” the man said, “we have an example here of time dilation due to the amount of time the four of you spent away from a gravitational mass.  You did say you spent thirty minutes at each stop in empty space, correct?”
I nodded in agreement.  “Yes!” I shouted with joy.  “The lack of any gravitational mass during our rest breaks caused time to speed up for us.  I find it amazing actually that we gained 12 minutes from just three and a half hours in empty space.”  It seemed we not only became the first humans to leave our solar system, we were the first to experience such a large time dilation as well.  Yay for us!  Time after all is relative and not absolute, if you can believe it.  I could go into a long explanation but suffice it to say that we experienced time slightly faster than people on Earth while we were out hopping through the galaxy.  You can thank Einstein by the way for the way time ties into space and matter and energy.  I really can't say enough about how amazing he was.
The crowd parted and the company CEO, Mr. Kuchar walked up to us.
“Welcome back Doctor Mason.  You had all of OrbitalX worried that we'd lost you, please don't do that again.”
“Oh, you don't have to worry about that sir,” I replied.  “The Cheryl Lynn is a good ship for hopping around the solar system but for trips to destinations farther away I'll need a bigger, more powerful ship.”
“Which brings me to the topic we would like to discuss with you.  Would you mind if we adjourned to my office?”
Darla and I were worn thin from the long mission and really needed some rest, there was no way we could discuss the deal now.  “We're dead tired Mr. Kuchar, could we do this tomorrow morning?”
He smiled and nodded in the affirmative.  “Of course, how about 9:00 AM?”
“That will be fine,” I agreed.  He then left and the crowd began to disperse.  We were drawn along with the Sorensens into the auditorium where everyone it seemed wanted to hear about the flight in greater detail.  We were dead tired but the crowd wouldn't be denied, what could we do?
The Sorensens were more than happy to lead the show and we were more than willing to let them do it.  They showed the pictures they took on the big screen and when they showed pictures of the planet orbiting Proxima Centauri the crowd went wild.  Suddenly I heard my named being yelled from the back of the auditorium and noticed it was a security guard running toward the stage.  As he got closer he yelled that someone was trying to steal the ship.  That was all I needed to hear and sprinted out of the room after the guard toward the hangar.
In all the excitement after we arrived I had forgotten to lock up the ship and now some joker was trying to steal it, stupid me!  I couldn't imagine that anyone other than Darla or myself would be able to fly it though; it was no simple matter to manage the NGDs.  If you didn't keep the power levels balanced then you would fly out of control and that's exactly what we witnessed when we got to the hangar.  The ship was flying erratically up and down and all around, I just hoped the idiot at the controls didn't destroy my ship.  There wasn't much I could do to stop the thief though; I didn't have any remote kill switch that would power down the ship, another item to add to the next ship.
It wasn't long before the ship spun out of control and crashed into a stack of storage containers and came to rest on its left side.  The security guard and two other armed men quickly surrounded the ship with their guns drawn. I cautiously approached and climbed up to the door.  I opened it using a special tool I carry in case I lock myself out.  The guards then rushed forward and entered the ship.  They found the would-be thief unconscious and lying up against the hull.  They dragged him out and put him in handcuffs.  It really surprised me to see that the nasty ship stealer was Marconi, the man with a million questions.  The guards then hauled him away, presumably to the infirmary where he would get medical attention.
After they were gone I went over to the ship to inspect it for damage.  There was some obvious external structural damage, though it appeared to be mostly just dents to the exterior.  My major concern was with the ship's systems so I climbed into the cabin.  The main power was still on so I knew the reactor was still functioning.  It was difficult to do because the ship was on its side but I put the main systems through a complete diagnostic to see if Marconi had ruined anything.  Luckily everything checked out okay so I brought the NGDs back online and gently brought the ship back to an upright position and moved it over to its normal landing spot in the hangar.
Marconi was an idiot for even attempting to fly the ship but at least he didn't damage any of its systems.  I would need to inspect the external damage closer to make sure the Starlite on the hull wasn't breached or cracked but other than that the ship seemed okay.
As I exited the ship I saw Darla and Mr. Kuchar walking quickly toward me.  I met them about half way.  First I addressed Darla, “the ship seems fine other than some dents from the crash landing.”
Darla sighed with relief, “well that's good to know.  Who was the thief?”
“It was Marconi, that guy who asked questions non-stop during the flight he was on.”  I looked over to Kuchar, “any idea why he would try to steal the ship?”
“Our security chief is interrogating him now, we should know soon enough.”  He looked back at the ship, “so it's okay?”
“Fortunately that idiot didn't have a clue how to fly it so he only put a few dents in the exterior hull.”
“That's good,” he nodded.  “I'll see you tomorrow at 9:00 AM.”  He then walked back inside leaving Darla and myself to tend to the ship.
Darla looked at the ship, deep in thought.  “I always wondered how the FBI knew about our rescue mission and now I think I know who told them.”
I had no idea what she was talking about and I'm sure my dumbfounded expression betrayed me.  When she and the OrbitalX guys saved me from the bad guys all I remember was Agent Callahan waking me and hurrying me out the door into a car.  After that there was nothing until I woke up in the infirmary.
“You have no clue what I'm talking about do you?” she asked.
I just shook my head from side to side.
Darla sighed.  “When we rescued you, the building where they were keeping you was empty but No Name saw a car leaving so we pursued it and he shot the tires out, causing it to crash.  You got your brain injury from the car crash.”
“Well I sure do appreciate that!” I said sarcastically.  “Couldn't you find a less violent way to stop the car?”
“Hey, it wasn't my call, alright!  No Name was in charge of the operation.  He said follow that car so I followed that car.”
“Oh, I'm not mad, just trying to get your goat, that's all.  By the way, who's No Name?”
“He planned and executed the rescue with Donaldson and Zimmer.  I haven't seen him since we returned with you.  I know he spent time in Afghanistan and he had guns like I've never seen before so I think he was a special operations guy.  His methods might seem a little harsh but he did get you out.”
“I guess I should thank him if he ever comes around again.”  I could still be angered by the concussion - it was my right!
We did a more thorough inspection of the outer hull and then called it a day, we were both worn out.
Kuchar was waiting in his office when we arrived at 9:00 AM the next morning, he was more than eager to talk with us.
“Before we discuss the contract,” he began, “I want to tell you what we learned from Marconi.”
We both leaned in; very curious to know whom he was working for.
“After some persuasion, he let it slip that he's working for the National Security Agency and the FBI.  He said he felt it was his duty to let them know about your ship because of its military capabilities. After he had his first ride in it he contacted the NSA.  We're still not exactly sure how he learned of the rescue mission to retrieve you Doctor Mason but he was the informant.”
“See Mason!” Darla shrieked.  “I was right about that guy.”
I smiled in agreement.  “You know Mr. Kuchar, I would be more than willing to have the ship and its technology in the hands of the government but I just can't trust them to use it as it was intended.  I didn't build the Cheryl Lynn to be used as a war machine.  It was built for peaceful exploration of our solar system.  One thing I've learned about the government over the years is that you can count on them to do the wrong thing every time, even if they say otherwise.”
“I understand your concerns Doctor and I wholeheartedly agree with you.  We would use the technology only for exploration.  We envision having a scientific research colony on Mars and possibly Europa and Enceladus.  We also are looking at the idea of mining asteroids, which would be very profitable.  And I'm sure you know that profit means corporate growth.  So it doesn't take a rocket scientist like yourself to know how eager we are to license your technology.  We would very quickly become the biggest aerospace company ever.  You might call it greed but we see many advances for the good of humanity as well.”
I paused for a moment before replying.  “But I have real concerns regarding the continued security of the ship and the technology.  The feds have pursued me like hounds after a fox, how could I be sure they wouldn't coerce OrbitalX into giving them the ship?”
“We can't guarantee they won't try but we can guarantee we'll do our damnedest to keep that technology out of their hands.  You may have wondered why we have this facility here in northern Ontario.  It's for two very good reasons.  First, it's well away from just about anywhere.  If you're traveling by car it takes forever to get here.  The airport in Red Lake does have commercial service but it's still a long hard drive from there to here.  Second, we have a mutual understanding with the Canadian government.  They leave us alone and in return we quietly provide assistance to the Canadian Space Agency.  Our arrangement protects us from the U.S. government.”
“But you're a government contractor to NASA, couldn't they use that to force you to give them the technology?”  I still wasn't buying what Kuchar was saying, how could I?
“We are a sole source contractor for many pieces of equipment used by companies that provide launch vehicles to NASA, including nitrogen and oxygen containment and pump systems.  The feds know they can't coerce us into anything.  And besides, once we implement your technology we'll have customers lined up for miles, we won't need the supply business revenue.”
“Hmm, I would want to be able to continue my research in quantum fields, would I be able to do that here, without being interfered with?”
“As long as you let us have access to the results, of course.”
I looked at Darla and then back at Kuchar.  “We'll talk about it again but I think you can count on us spending a great deal of time here from now on.  We'll need to take the ship to the moon soon though, that's where all the documentation and computer hardware is.”
Kuchar smiled broadly.  “I'm very pleased with your decision Doctor.  You will find OrbitalX quite accommodating to your research needs.  Is there anything we can do for you right now to help you get started?”
“As a matter of fact there is,” I replied.  “I need to repair the dents in the exterior hull of the ship.  When I inspected it yesterday after the crash I noticed there were cracks in the Starlite coating.  I'll need about five gallons to fix them.”
“As I understand it, Starlite isn't easy to come by but I'm sure our folks will be able to get you some.  Anything else?”
I looked over at Darla again.  “I can't think of anything, can you doctor?”
“Well, yes actually, we'll need research and lab space.”
“Absolutely!  I already have the facilities group working on that.”
With that we shook hands and concluded the meeting.  Darla and I were both hungry so we made a beeline for the cafeteria.  We chatted about everything and anything other than the deal I had just verbally agreed to.  The dining room definitely wasn't the place to discuss it.
We were in the middle of a very important discussion about multiple string theory when an OrbitalX employee, her name was Ann Hopkins as I recall, came up to us and said she was sent to let us know that our research space was being readied but we were needed to help them set it up properly.  She waited while we finished our meal and then escorted us to the research labs.  Along the way she struck up a conversation about the ship.
“So,” she said, “you developed and built the ship all by yourself Doctor Mason?”
“I did.  It took years of research, especially regarding the propulsion system for the main drives but I think it was worth the time.”
“Oh without a doubt!” she exclaimed enthusiastically.  “It's the most amazing thing I've ever seen.  I never would have believed it was possible without seeing it for myself.  That live video from the satellite when you disappeared was unbelievable.  Everyone in the room just stood in stunned silence when it happened.  I heard a rumor you came up with the idea in a dream about a boy riding a bicycle on Mars, is that true?”
“Not quite.  It was a man and it was on the moon.  And the piece of the puzzle that came to me then was the way to create the quantum field.”
“From what I've heard there are other amazing technologies on your ship, like the fusion reactor and the gravity drive.  How did you come up with those? Was another dream involved?”  She sure was an inquisitive one.
“The fusion reactor wasn't my idea at all, I just built on work done by others.  The negative gravity drives, those were my own design though.  I spent some long hours working those out.”
“Well it's really wonderful work.  Oh, we're here.”
She had led us to a very well equipped research and development lab.  A quick look around showed me they spared no expense outfitting the lab for us.  The overall space was small though when compared to the barn back home but it would do...for now.  I wondered if we would ever see home again or if we would be forever banished to northern Ontario.  Oh well, it wasn't doing any good to dwell on that so I quickly kicked it out of my head.
Darla walked around inspecting every inch of the lab, pointing out things she would like changed.  They were just little details, like having high voltage power cabling run to the lab and adding extra rack space for compute servers.  Ann took notes and promised to get the changes made ASAP.  She then scurried out the door leaving Darla and myself alone.
We didn't have anything to work on yet without the documentation and equipment that was still on the moon so we each took a notebook and started writing down items we would like to incorporate into the Cheryl Lynn II.  Darla frowned when I mentioned that name.  I guess I could see her point so I gave her the honor of coming up with a name.
For the next three weeks we just hung around the lab playing with equipment and writing up notes.  Most of the tinkering and the notes probably wouldn't amount to much of anything but so what, that's how research goes, right?  What were we working on you ask?  You all know about the transporter they used in Star Trek?  Well we thought we might be able to take some of the concepts used in the quantum field generator and apply them to the movement of matter from one place to another.  The idea did have some merit but it would be years before any of it would ever come to fruition.  The power requirements would be enormous so a nuclear reactor would probably be required and the radiation generated would probably fry the planet but who knows?  It might work.
The Starlite arrived a week later and that was a good thing, we were getting pretty bored in the lab.  It was good to work on the ship as we set about fixing the damage caused by that idiot Marconi.  The work was slow and tedious.  We had to bump out each dent, which meant removing the damaged panel, heating the affected area to soften the carbon fiber and then pressing the dent into the correct shape.  It took a full two weeks just to remove the dents, then we were finally able to apply the Starlite.  We re-covered the entire ship, adding two coats on the top surfaces and three on the bottom.  The ship was now ready for service again.
I wanted to show the company CEO that I appreciated what they had done for us and knowing that he hadn't been up for a flight I asked Mr. Kuchar if he'd like to join us on the checkout flight.  He eagerly accepted the offer so we planned on going up that evening.  I told him to expect to be out a few hours because we would be making a few stops.
The word must have gotten out that we were going up that night with the CEO because there were about 200 people in the hangar when we got there to prep for the flight.  The crowd cheered when Kuchar arrived on the scene, it seemed they really liked the guy.  He gave a short impromptu speech to the exuberant crowd about the fabulous future in store for OrbitalX and then climbed aboard.  He was a bit ungainly in the space suit but he managed as well as anyone the first time they wear one.
Once we were all strapped in we wasted no time powering up and getting out the hangar door.  Rather than do a zoom climb to orbit we took a quick spin around the grounds to show Kuchar the maneuverability of the ship using the NGDs.  Needless to say, he was very impressed.  It really surprised him when Darla switched to a full on zoom climb to orbit.  I've never calculated the G forces we experience during one of those but I'd guess it was about 5-Gs.  When we achieved orbit we did a lap around Earth so Kuchar could see the sights.  We fully intended for him to get the full experience and Earth is really impressive from orbit.  Just ask anyone who's been in space, they'll tell you.
Like everyone we've taken for a ride, Kuchar took picture after picture.  He had mentioned earlier that he was really looking forward to showing pictures to his two grandchildren.  Everyone at OrbitalX either had children, nieces, nephews or grandchildren they wanted to show the pictures.  Why didn't anyone say they wanted to show their spouse, boyfriend or girlfriend?  Made no sense to me but then, I'm a lousy judge of people.
After one orbit of Earth I set our sights on, you guessed it, Mars.  Everyone loves Mars.  Even people who think the Earth is flat love Mars.  Okay, there's probably no one alive who thinks the Earth is flat but you get the idea.  Our landing spot would be near the site of the Beagle 2.  Never heard of it?  Here's the scoop: it was launched in 2003 and tried to land in December of that same year.  It was unfortunately one of the 50% of all probes sent to Mars that have been a failure.  After it was deployed from the Mars Express orbiter and entered the atmosphere it was never heard from again.
Its fate was a total mystery until 2015 when the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter found it while surveying the planet.  The images showed two and possibly three of the four solar panels had deployed after landing.  This was actually good news for the Beagle mission team because it vindicated the mission planners.  Some very cynical people had said their method was wrong and it was no surprise the mission failed.  What a bunch of rotten tomatoes!  Some people are so quick to find fault at the failures of others.  The mission was very low budget and in my opinion they did quite well.  I mean, other much more expensive missions to Mars have failed too.
Kuchar was very excited when I told him our destination.  Barely without taking a breath he told us how he followed every mission to Mars, including the early Viking landers and even Mariner-9 before them.  He seemed a little nervous when we energized the QFGs and made the leap but that nervousness quickly vanished when he looked out the port side window and saw Mars below us.
“Yee-hah!” Kuchar yelled.  “This is amazing, absolutely freaking amazing!”
“We think so too,” I said in a much calmer tone.  And I still do think it's freaking amazing.
“Welcome to Mars, Mr. Kuchar,” Darla said.  “We'll be orbiting for about 20 minutes while we line up for a descent to Isidis Planitia, the landing site for Beagle-2.”
“This is by far the most exciting thing I've ever experienced,” Kuchar said.  “It's really hard to fathom that we traveled so many million miles in just 3 seconds.  There was no acceleration either, it's like we just disappeared and re-appeared here.”
“Oh, we did have a very slight forward acceleration,” I corrected.  “We actually moved at about 100 miles per hour across the gap that got created when the QFGs pulled space together, it's just not enough to notice.”
“There is no doubt this ship and its technology will revolutionize space travel, in fact any travel once we commercialize it.  Doctor Mason, your name will go down in history as the man who showed humans the way to the stars.”
“I didn't design and build this ship to go down in history, I built it because I wanted to be an astronaut.”
The chitchat continued until Darla pointed out that she was starting the descent to the surface and once again showed why she is the best space pilot ever.  There was some wind on the way down but she compensated perfectly for it and brought us down precisely where we wanted to be, 20 meters from Beagle-2.  We actually landed in the middle of a triangle that was defined by the lander, its parachute and the rear cover.  The surface was rather smooth when compared to some of the areas we had landed at on Mars so Darla had no problem finding a good landing site.
Kuchar was out of his seat the moment we touched down.  And he wasted no time getting his helmet on.
“Come on you two!” he yelled. “Let's go for a walk outside!”
Wow, he was like a kid on Christmas day he was so excited.  I never would have thought he'd get this way after meeting with him.  He just didn't seem like the type who would get excited about anything.  When we all had our helmets on I depressurized the cabin and Darla opened the door.  Kuchar almost jumped out the door in his eagerness to step out on the planet.  Darla captured his exit and first steps on the planet with her video camera.  She also recorded his audio feed so everyone back at OrbitalX would know how much of a kid he really could be.  He giggled with unrestrained joy as he bounced around on the surface.
I was very interested in doing an inspection of Beagle-2 to see what really happened to it when it landed back in 2003.  When I got up close I could see that all four solar panels had deployed and the robotic arm with the exploration tools seemed free and unhindered as well.  In fact, it appeared that the robotic arm might have actually gone through some of its pre-programmed functions.  The last theory I read on the failure of the lander was that the communications system likely failed and after looking at the lander I tended to agree.  Unfortunately that's how it goes with robotic landers; there's no way to fix problems, even if they might be minor.
Soon, Kuchar and Darla found their way over to the lander.  He knew all about the lander's history and agreed that the radio probably failed.  Darla and Kuchar took pictures and video and Darla took some nice pictures of him beside the lander.  We all wanted to see the parachute and the rear cover so we made stops at both where we took more pictures and video.  The parachute was partially covered with dust but other than that it appeared in very good condition.
Before we left we collected the obligatory three bags of rocks for the storage locker at OrbitalX.  I really doubted all those rocks would ever get studied like they deserved.  After all, OrbitalX was an aerospace systems company, not a planetary research institute.  It would be nice if they sent them to universities for study though, they would be invaluable.  Professors and students could generate thousands of papers from studying those rocks.
Our next stop on our journey through the solar system would be Europa, the icy moon of Jupiter.  This would be our third visit to the cold, cold moon.  We wouldn't collect any rocks of course since there weren't any on the surface and we still didn't have a way to keep ice samples frozen.  When we made orbit Kuchar was a bit overwhelmed by the immense size and vibrant colors of Jupiter.  The Great Red Spot really grabbed his attention and I can understand why.  That thing is twice as wide as the Earth.  That's enormous!  The red color has scientists puzzled too.  Nobody really knows why it's the color it is.  Oh there is speculation that it's caused by ammonium hydrosulfide being changed by cosmic rays or other rays from the Sun but it's still a mystery.  It really is kind of funny that Jupiter is the biggest planet in our solar system by a wide margin but we know so little about it.  Maybe the Juno probe would help uncover its many mysteries.  To me, the biggest mystery is what kind of a core Jupiter has; it could be composed of liquid hydrogen, or maybe heavy metals, nobody knows.
Okay, enough about Jupiter, we had a landing to tend to on Europa.  Darla brought us down near one of the fissures that crisscross the moon.  Kuchar was out the door before I could give him a quick briefing about how to walk on the surface and just as I expected he fell flat on his face when he stepped off the ladder and tried to take a long stride away from the ship.  Darla and I hurried down the ladder to assist him but his pride got in the way and wouldn't let us help.  Fortunately for him we weren't able to get a picture of his exploit; it sure would have been nice though.  After that episode he walked much more carefully and didn't have any other close up experiences with the icy surface or at least until he got too close to the edge of a fissure and fell in!
Oh crap, now he'd really gone and done it.  Darla and I raced over to the edge and saw him sprawled out about 50 meters below.  He wasn't moving and he didn't respond to my radio calls.  To get to him we decided I would hook up to a cable we had in the ship and then Darla would hover the ship over him so I could get to him.  The cable wasn't really designed for such an operation but we made it work with some quick improvising.  Once I was hooked up Darla brought the ship up such that I dangled from the end of the cable.  Never in a million years would I ever think I'd find myself suspended from a cable on Europa attempting to rescue a crewmember who had fallen into a fissure.
I continually tried contacting Kuchar via the radio but with no luck.  Either his radio had failed or he was out like a light.  Once Darla got me down close I could see he was unconscious so I would be doing the rescue without his help.  I gathered him up and held tight as Darla brought the ship up and deposited us on the ice above.  Luckily the gravity on Europa is only about one tenth of the Earth's so he was easy to manage.
Darla landed the ship close by and I hurriedly hauled him inside so we could make a quick get away back to Earth.  While Darla did the flying I played EMT and tried to tend to Kuchar.  I removed his helmet and determined he was still breathing and his heart was still beating so I suspected he had suffered a concussion but I'm not a medical doctor and I don't play one on TV.  All I could do was keep an eye on him to make sure he didn't stop breathing or go into convulsions.  Like I said, I'm not a medical doctor.
The leap back to Earth brought us over western Canada so we had very little time to wait to begin our descent to Red Lake.  Darla contacted the OrbitalX tower and let them know Kuchar was in need of medical attention, the second time now she's had to ask for medical assistance on arrival, seems pretty suspicious to me...
The medical team was ready when we arrived and hustled Kuchar off to the infirmary.  Also there to greet us were the company president Champion and COO Stevenson.  They had a slew of questions about what had happened.
We retreated to the small conference room where we gave them the complete mission summary.  I suspected they thought we somehow caused Kuchar's injuries, like we would do that to the person who was in our corner.  Does that make any sense at all?  It's just crazy how some people think.  When we told them he just slipped and fell into the fissure they looked at each other, smiled and nodded.
It seems that Kuchar has a history of doing dumb things.  Mr. Champion told us a story of how he went out hiking in the forest nearby and ended up trapped in the roots of a large tree that had fallen over during a storm.  According to Champion, Kuchar had been walking merrily along ahead of his son when he turned around to say something and slipped down a small hill and got stuck in the tree's roots.  Hmm, sounds very similar to what happened on Europa.  Lucky for Kuchar they had a chain saw at the facility to cut the roots to free him.
It was unfortunate that Kuchar had been so clumsy because we had planned on showing him all around the outer solar system.  Oh well, it sucks to be a klutz.  After our chat with the president and COO we called it a night and got some sleep, it had been an eventful night.
We rose late the next morning and after breakfast we stopped by the infirmary to see how Kuchar was doing.  When we arrived at his room we found him joking and laughing with a nurse - it seems his injury wasn't so bad then.  He asked us what happened so we recalled for him the entire “Europa Incident” as it was now being called.  He laughed long and hard when we told him the story.  Before we left I suggested that he keep his explorations to paved trails and museums.  He again laughed and then thanked us for saving him from a potentially horrific ending.  If nothing else, he'd have one heck of a story for the grandchildren.
Chapter 2O

All Good Things...

Over the next week the OrbitalX people began pressuring us to retrieve the equipment and documents from the moon, Kuchar in particular wanted us to make it our highest priority.  I still hadn't signed any of the agreements and used that as my reason for not popping up to the moon.  Every time he came by I'd tell him I was still reviewing the deal and wanted to make a few minor changes and stipulations.  In reality, I had no idea what my next move was going to be.  I could see Kuchar's side of things and if they could keep the technology in friendly and peaceful hands then I would be okay with it.  I just had a nagging feeling that somehow that wasn't going to happen, whether by accident or design.
We would be wealthy enough to continue our work away from OrbitalX if we decided to leave and not sign; I still had enough money in the accounts to keep us very comfortable even if I didn't sign the deal.  So money wasn't going to be the deciding factor.  Darla had her doubts as well; she didn't trust anyone anymore. And for good reason I might say, especially after all that had gone on with the feds pursuing us high and low to get the ship.
It was getting to the point that we really needed to make a decision.  We needed complete privacy for a full discussion and taking the ship up into space was the only way we could be sure we weren't being monitored.  To keep from creating any suspicion we told Kuchar that we were going to pay a visit to the moon and start retrieving some of the plans and other documents for the ship, and in truth we would.  There was a pile of notebooks that dealt with the construction of the ship itself.  I would be happy to give him those, as they didn't reveal any of the information regarding the QFGs, NGDs or the reactor.  There were 5 notebooks that described nothing but the structural frame and how it was built.  I'm sure they'd get loads of good data from those...Not!  In truth, they'd probably have a good laugh reading all about my adventures into structural engineering and the fun I had with the carbon composites.
I can just imagine the conversation: “Hey Joe, look at this one.  It says he spent a day just trying to get his table saw to work so he could cut the molds for the exterior panels.  What a bozo!”  Or something like that, I guess, maybe.  Oh heck, I have no idea what they'd think.
The day before we planned to head up to the moon we were tinkering in our lab when we overheard a conversation in the hallway between two of the company's scientists.  Most of the conversation was unimportant but one thing said caught my attention.  One of the scientists said the following: “I can't wait to get my hands on that negative gravity drive, I have a great idea about how we can use that on the RTT.”
I didn't have any idea what an RTT was so I got curious and did some research.  What I learned left me very, very concerned.  It stood for Rapid Troop Transport.  It turned out that OrbitalX was also working as a defense contractor and had recently submitted a proposal to the Department of Defense for a vehicle that could transport troops and equipment very quickly around the globe.  A military aviation magazine described the vehicle as having no jet engines, no wings, no rotors, or any other visible means of propulsion.  Hmm, what sort of aircraft doesn't have a way to move by itself?  Maybe one that uses NGDs!  To say that we were disappointed in OrbitalX was an understatement.  They had always been so accommodating and willing to work on our schedule.  And now we knew why.  It also explained why the U.S. government hadn't harassed us since the attempt to steal the ship.
Rather than approach Kuchar about this development we kept it to ourselves, we could keep secrets too.  Instead, we went about our business as usual, working in the lab with some ideas that might actually be worthwhile someday, just not anytime in the next 20 or 30 years.  It was really way out stuff, the matter transporter thing.  But you know, someday “beam me up Scotty” might be a phrase people actually use when they travel around the planet.  Not that Darla doesn't use that phrase everyday already, being the total geek that she is.  Did I ever tell you she has an actual Star Trek uniform worn by cast members from the original show?  She even traveled across the country to attend the auction where she bought it, now that's a geek!  And what does she do with the uniform you ask?  She has it on display in a hermetically sealed glass case, like it's in a museum or something.
Late in the afternoon of the day we were going to make our little trip to the moon, Kuchar called us into his office for a further discussion about the deal.  I asked him to add a clause that would forfeit OrbitalX's rights to any further use or development of the technology if they ever allowed any of it to be used by or for the military, whether for profit or not.  I also asked for royalties from the profits on any future implementation of the technologies.  He thought long and hard but finally agreed to both terms.  Mind you, I didn't believe they would abide by the military non-use clause but at least it would be in the contract.
He said he'd have the additions added and ready for signing the next day, after we returned from the moon.  We shook hands on the deal and then we left, but not before I assured him we'd have plenty of good documentation for his scientists when we returned.
That night when we were preparing the ship for flight, Zimmer showed up dressed in a space suit.  I asked what he was doing and he said he was asked by Kuchar to go with us to help retrieve documents and equipment.  I told him that wouldn't be necessary but he was adamant.  Well this was just great, just freaking great.  The last thing we needed was Zimmer tagging along to get in our way.  It was obvious now that Kuchar didn't trust us to do what we said we'd do even though we hadn't given him any reason to believe otherwise.  Maybe he didn't like the no military use clause, who knows?  I sure didn't.
So we were stuck with a passenger we didn't want on a mission we didn't really want to go on, what fun this was going to be!
When we were done with the pre-flight I told Zimmer to strap in and prepare for departure, and I didn't do it in a nice way either.  Quite honestly, if he wasn't ready when we were that would be just too darned bad for him but unfortunately he was...what a bummer.
Darla contacted the tower and she wasted no time taxiing out and initiating a quick climb to orbit.  Along the way, Zimmer made some worthless comment about how fast we were going, I just ignored him.  He wasn't an astronaut and he wasn't a scientist so the heck with him and what he thought.  Oh, I know he was one of the guys who rescued me from the clutches of the FBI but times and circumstances had changed.  Friends become enemies; enemies become friends.  So goes life, right?
We were in no real hurry to get to the moon so we decided to do a few loops around the Earth before going anywhere else.  While we cruised along Darla and I conducted a private conversation with our helmets on so good ole Zimmer couldn't hear us.  I have no doubt he knew we were discussing our next step but again, I didn't care what he thought or wondered, as long as he couldn't hear us.  He tried without success to interrupt us but we just ignored him and had a nice little chat.  Once he tried to remove Darla's helmet but she just put the ship into some high G-force maneuvers and sent him flying around the back of the cabin.  It was really kind of funny watching him try to fight the motion; he really had no idea what he was doing in space.  That would teach him to remove his seat belt and try to get in our way.
I lost count of the number of orbits we made, it might have been two, three or four when we finally decided to go somewhere, and it wasn't to the moon.  I set the coordinates into the NAV computer and Darla hopped us out to Titan, Saturn's largest moon.  We had visited Titan once before but didn't land out of concern for the atmosphere.  Since then we had done some testing in the lab at OrbitalX and determined that the Starlite would protect the ship from the chemical compounds we expected to encounter in the atmosphere.  We also tested the materials in our space suits.  Wouldn't that be something?  Step out of the ship and immediately have our suits disintegrate.  Oops!  As soon as we reached orbit around Titan we initiated a descent to the surface.  It was very murky on the way down, the atmosphere is a dull grey-yellow, nothing like the beautiful blue of Mother Earth.
When we broke through the thickest cloud layer we began looking for a good place to land.  We were hoping to land close to one of the methane lakes and take a stroll along the shore.  Pretty romantic don't you think?  A lovely stroll along a poisonous methane lake underneath gloomy dirty yellow clouds, now that's something to write home about.  I couldn't help but think of astronauts Gene Cernan and Harrison Schmitt singing while they were roaming around on the moon...I was strolling on the moon one day...  I snapped out of my reverie when Darla poked me in the side and pointed out what looked like a good place to land not far from one of the lakes.
Zimmer by now was absolutely furious that we hadn't gone to the moon.  Did I care?  Not one damned bit.  I told him he was welcome to join us outside for a walkabout or he could wait inside, it was his choice.  He was about to complain further when I began depressurizing the cabin.  That shut him up in a hurry.  It's kind of funny to see someone scramble to put their helmet on when they know they'll suffocate if they don't. I sure was being a bastard but I did not care one iota.  He was an unwelcome passenger and I was happy to treat him like one.  I wondered if we had done the right thing when we rescued Kuchar on Europa, hmmm...
When I opened the door after depressurization we could immediately feel the cold, even with our suits on, jeez this place was frigid.  But we were determined to have a look at that methane lake so out the door we went.  Zimmer grudgingly followed us, I guess he was unsure of our intentions and wanted to keep a close eye on us.  I closed the door behind us and then purged the atmosphere inside the cabin so we wouldn't have any of that poisonous air just hanging around the cabin.
I was eager to see the lake so Darla and I bunny hopped over to it.  We had landed only about 100 meters from it so we got to it in no time at all.  The lake looked black from a distance but up close it was much clearer, kind of like a lake might look on earth.  You would think something like methane would be a dark color in its liquid form because of the carbon in it (its basic chemical formula is 1 atom of carbon and 4 atoms of hydrogen - CH4) but in fact it's more like water.  For me it felt really strange standing next to a lake that wasn't made of water.  I mean, aren't all lakes water?  Maybe on Earth but not on lonely, distant Titan.  When you're 760 million miles from Earth the rules for what is gas and what is liquid change just a bit.  Sure, we have liquid methane here on Earth but it's not naturally occurring.  It's typically in the form of liquid natural gas.
From the ripples on the surface of the lake we could tell there was a light breeze blowing, much like you might see back on Earth. Maybe we should have brought fishing poles and tossed in a line. You never know, we might hook one of those legendary Titanian Shrieking Tunas we've all heard about.  I know, I know, there's no such thing.  But what if there was?  Wouldn't it be really cool?  Shrieking Tunas!  Oh never mind.
Anyway, the lake looked very much like a lake on Earth except there was no vegetation and no aquatic animals like fish and frogs.  Truthfully it was very lonely and sad looking.  But then this giant crab monster crawled out of the water and started snapping at us.  Okay, okay, I'll stop with the science fiction and keep to the reality.  You guys are just no fun.
While Darla and I were admiring the lake, Zimmer was having a fun time getting adjusted to walking on the surface.  I had forgotten that he'd never been farther from Earth than low orbit and it was really funny to see him struggling to keep his balance.  With each step he'd sway back and forth and side to side.  I never would expect him to have such difficulty but you just never know.  Some people who you'd think would be klutzes pick up the moon walking easily while others who are normally very coordinated have the worst trouble.
Darla made sure to get some great video of Zimmer as he made his way slowly over to us.  I think he was determined to prove he could walk here as well as we could.  What he wasn't remembering was that we had been on many different planets and moons; we were pros at this.  I called to him on the radio to be careful because he was approaching a slight decline toward the lake and he should avoid it but he just grumbled and continued on a beeline toward us.  When he stepped into the decline he immediately fell on his butt and began sliding toward the lake.  I quickly thought about letting him slide into it but again, I did the right thing and hurried over to him and grabbed his arm just before his feet made contact with the methane.  He started getting panicky and began grabbing wildly at my arm with his other hand.  His flailing about caused me to lose my grip on his arm and he quickly slid down into the lake.  Oh hell, this was really going from bad to worse.  He got lucky though, the lake was only about two feet deep where he slid in and I was able to grab him again and drag him out.
It took him a few minutes to calm down enough before we were able to talk to him.  It was good the space suits have controls to keep the carbon dioxide levels down because he would have hyperventilated and suffocated otherwise.  When he tried to stand he found his lower legs were stiff and wouldn't move.  That's no surprise really; the lake was approximately -290ºF.  He could only hope his suit protected him enough that the stiffness would be temporary and not something severe like frostbite.  We ended up dragging him back to the ship, what fun.  And what a great way to end our little excursion.  Remind me to never take him on a flight again.
Back in the ship, we removed Zimmer's suit so his legs could warm up.  We didn't have any specialized equipment to deal with frostbite or freezing but we did have the cabin-heating unit.  We moved him so his legs were as close as possible to the heater and then cranked up the heat.  He was definitely uncomfortable but to his credit he didn't whine about his plight.
Darla and I thought this was as good a time as any to have a further discussion about our next steps so we kept our helmets on and had a quiet conversation while Zimmer thawed out in the back.  We chatted for about fifteen minutes and finally came up with a decision.  What's the decision you ask?  Well you just wait and see, you impatient reader you.
Before we did anything I asked Zimmer how his legs were doing. He still didn't have full movement but he said they were improving and he didn't think they were frostbitten.  He was one lucky SOB if you ask me.  We waited until he was able to report that his legs were moving better, he even showed us by standing up and walking a few steps in the cabin.
Time to put the plan in motion.  I told him to strap in because we were going to make a hop over to our moon.  He was barely seated when I initiated the leap.  We popped in at the moon on the dark side so we had to do the better part of a full orbit before we were lined up for a descent to the location at Sinus Medii where we left the documents and equipment.  Darla brought us down right beside the stash; we only had to walk about 10 meters to get to it.  Zimmer couldn't see it during the descent and thought we were trying to deceive him.  I reassured him the goods were there but he was still skeptical.
We depressurized and hopped outside for yet another moonwalk.  I had lost count of the number of times we'd been to this rock.  It still excited me every time though; it never got boring or dull.
The equipment and documents were exactly as we had left them, which was kind of surprising because I thought a lunar dragon lizard would have found it and made a mess of it.  Yes I know.  I'll stop.  Well anyway, it was of course all there, where would it go, right?  Zimmer wanted to grab as much as we could but I told him we'd be selective and retrieve only documents that would be of the most value.  It took me about 15 minutes but I finally found the stack I was looking for.  The titles were very cryptic, like “Ph1-B2”.  Doesn't make any sense?  They did to me.  That one stood for Phase 1, build 2 and it described steps and techniques used in construction of the ship.  There were about five stacks of notes on ship construction that we would take with us.
While I went through the documents Darla looked for something else, a little thing we call the motivator.  She gave me a nod when she found it.  I had Zimmer haul the documents to the ship to give him something useful to do.  After the documents were loaded onboard we climbed back in the ship and prepared for the trip home.
Zimmer asked why we didn't just load up everything in the sling since that was how we brought it up originally.  I explained that if we did then his employers wouldn't get anything because it would all burn up on reentry, and that would not make his employers happy.  After which they would probably fire him for gross stupidity.  That shut him up and got him back in his seat for the ride back to Earth.
The hop brought us in to orbit above Saudi Arabia so we had a partial orbit and northerly adjustment before we could descend and land at OrbitalX.  Zimmer seemed pretty excited to know that we would be landing back on terra firma soon; I think he didn't really have the stomach for spaceflight, what a weenie.  I guess some people just aren't cut out for hopping around the solar system.  Heck, I bet the guy never even paid any attention to any of NASA's exploits in space.  I doubt he even knows who Wally Schirra was.
Here's a neat little tidbit of information about Wally: he was the first man to fly into space three times and he was the only astronaut to fly on Mercury, Gemini and Apollo missions.  It's kind of sad you never hear a thing about him because he definitely had the right stuff, especially for a guy from Hackensack, New Jersey.  Sorry anyone in Hackensack, I just couldn't resist.
The partial orbit went quickly and Darla initiated the descent when we were about 500 miles from Red Lake.  She brought the ship down with her accustomed precision.
“Why have we landed in a field?” Zimmer asked, calm but obviously concerned.
I turned around and pointed the motivator, a .45 caliber Smith and Wesson automatic, at his chest.  “This is where you leave the ship Zimmer.  You're welcome to take the documentation we retrieved from the moon but this is where we part ways with OrbitalX.”
He looked surprised but I could tell he was trying to come up with a plan.  “Don't think I won't pull the trigger,” I warned.  “I've had it with people who think they have a right to my ship and I will defend it with all means available.”  I looked him directly in the eye to emphasize the point.
“I can't let you leave,” Zimmer said.
“And we're not going back to OrbitalX.”
“Then it seems we're at an impasse.”  He then lunged forward to try to grab the gun from my hand and instead ran into a bullet that hit him in the right shoulder.  I guess he didn't think I was serious.  Oh well, his mistake.
Zimmer collapsed back into his seat shouting obscenities at me.  I quickly climbed out of my seat, dragged him out of his and threw him out of the ship.
“Good luck finding your way back to the office,” I said, standing in the doorway.  “It's about 10 miles south of here.”  He shouted more obscenities but I just waved, gave him a big smile and closed the door.  I gave the thumbs up to Darla and she took us back up to orbit.
Finally!  We were out from under the yoke of the OrbitalX stranglehold and it felt damned good.  To be fair, they did rescue me from the FBI but they had one goal all along, to get the ship.  Also to be fair, they were bold-faced liars.  Kuchar talked a great line about exploring the solar system blah, blah, blah; when in truth he only wanted the ship for that rapid troop transport they planned to develop for the military.  We sure did ruin his plans by golly.
I know what some of you must be thinking, why wouldn't we happily provide the technology to the U.S. military?  It would help them fight terrorism, right?  Sure it would but here's the problem: When a country has a technology given to them that they didn't earn or is so far beyond the capabilities of other countries, that technology gets abused.  Happens every time.  Oh, they might have good intentions initially but inevitably the technology is used for nefarious purposes.  And, the technology always ends up in the hands of the “bad guys” because that's what happens in wars.  At that point you get absolute chaos.  So we made the easy decision.  Now we had one final decision to make.
The winter in North America had been very cold, one of the coldest on record.  The Great Lakes were almost completely frozen over at one point and even now in mid-April Lake Superior was still mostly capped with ice near the coastline.  Why you ask am I telling us this?  Because that's where we were headed next.
Less than ten miles west of Whitefish Point on the southern coast of Lake Superior and approximately six miles from shore the depth of the lake plummets to over 500 feet.  Whitefish Point is very significant by the way to Great Lakes shipping.  On November 10th, 1975 the SS Edmund Fitzgerald, an iron ore carrier, sank in 530 feet of water approximately 17 miles from Whitefish Point.  Had the ship been able to reach the point, the waves and winds would have been diminished and the ship probably wouldn't have gone down.  I know this has nothing do to with my story but I thought it would be worth talking about.
On the day the Fitzgerald went down there were waves reported as high as 35 feet and winds as high as 86 miles per hour.  And all of you thought that lakes don't have high winds and waves like oceans do, oh how wrong you are.  The Fitzgerald was also 729 feet long, so it was no small boat. When she went down she took all 29 crewmen with her, one was only 21 years old.  The ship's sinking was memorialized in a song by Gordon Lightfoot, “The Wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald.”  You may have heard it.  If you haven't you really should.
Okay, so we were in orbit now waiting for our descent window to southern Lake Superior.  What to do for the next 90 minutes?  Hmmm, well, let's just say the time flew by.
We barely had time to compose ourselves when the re-entry point came upon us.  Darla hurried to get herself in the pilot's seat and I scrambled to join her in the NAV chair.  Darla began the descent and when we landed on the ice we were greeted with a bright sunny day.  It was windy and only 35 degrees but it was still nice.  The bright white snow on the ice made it seem even brighter and we were happy to have visors on our helmets to cut the glare.  The point at which we landed was quite close to the open water edge of the ice and I thought the ship might sink immediately upon landing but the ice easily held it up so we didn't have to hurry out the door.
I retrieved two duffel bags packed with cold weather clothing we kept packed in a storage bin and handed them to Darla.  She changed out of her space suit and into her parka, snow pants and winter boots and then opened the door and stepped out into the cold.  She looked back at me and then began walking away from the ship.  I changed out of my suit and then climbed back in my seat and initiated a program that would, if it were successful, put an end to the continual attempts to steal my ship.  Once that was set I hightailed it out the door to catch up with Darla.
“Are you sure this is what you want to do?” she asked somberly.
“I'm sure, this is the only way.  We should probably walk as fast as possible, I have no idea what will happen next.”
I looked back at the ship once and then we turned toward the shore and walked as fast as we could.  When we were approximately 500 yards from the ship we heard a loud whine.  We turned around just in time to see the ship glowing with a bright blue light and then disappear.  I had programmed it to make a leap of about 3 light years into empty space where nobody would ever find it.
It was sad to see it disappear forever but it was also very exhilarating to see it perform so flawlessly.  That little ship had traveled over 50 trillion miles when we went round trip to Proxima Centauri and it took us all around the solar system and it never failed us.  Oh sure we had some minor hiccups but it always brought us home.  It's quite unfortunate that I had to send it away because I sure would have liked all of you to see it and experience the thrill of hopping around the solar system.  But there are just too many people with less than honorable intentions that made it impossible.  Maybe someday when everyone grows up we can build another ship and go space truckin' to the planets and stars again.  I just don't see that happening anytime in the next thousand years or so.
You might be wondering why we landed on the ice to send the ship away.  Wouldn't it be easier to just land in a field somewhere and do it?  This is a very reasonable question and here's my logic for landing on the ice: I had no clue what was going to happen with the ship in contact with a solid surface when the leap was made.  We had always done our leaps and hops in space with nothing to potentially interfere with the quantum field.  I figured that if the ice screwed up the field then the ship would likely generate a great deal of heat, melt the ice and sink to the bottom of the lake 500 feet below.  It wouldn't be 3 light years away but it would still be difficult to retrieve.
After the ship disappeared we settled in for the long six-mile walk to shore.  When we finally reached the coast it was well after sunset.  We found our way to a road and started walking to the east towards Whitefish Point.  Luckily, we were able to hitch a ride from a friendly elderly gentleman who took us all the way to the little town of Paradise and dropped us off at a pleasant looking motel on the outskirts of town.  When we got to our room after checking in we both crashed and slept long into the morning.
Epilogue

We made our way back down state to Coldwater in the days after we sent the ship away.  When we arrived home at the farm we found the place had been ransacked, I have no doubt it was either the FBI or the NSA.  This just reinforced our decision to send everything to the moon, unless they were looking for dirty socks, which I doubt very much.
For the next few weeks we pretty much did nothing.  Eventually I began putting the barn back together and Darla began making plans again for our wedding.  A month after we got home we visited the college and met with the dean of the physics department.  We had been formally fired from our positions while we were on our adventure, not surprising at all really.  We just wanted to let the dean know that we were safe in case anyone was wondering.
Our wedding was in August on the shore of Lake Michigan near the town of Petoskey where Darla's parents have a cottage.  It was really nice, the ceremony was shortly before sunset and the western sky was tinged with red.  One year later we were blessed with our first child, Molly.  She's got beautiful blond hair and the cutest smile you'll ever see.  In short, she's just like her mother.
About four months after our adventure ended, I contacted Craig Stevens, to see if he'd put down on paper what we had to say.  Craig is an acquaintance of mine from my days at Kenosha State College.  At first, he didn't believe anything we told him but eventually he realized that we weren't making this up.  I guess the photos and videos were good proof.  Someday I hope to publish them on a website but for now they'll have to stay where they are, locked away in a safe.
I would like to build another ship but I know that's not going to be possible for a long, long time.  I have no doubt the FBI and NSA keep an eye on us.  Occasionally I see someone in town who looks out of place and figure it's the feds, I usually just wave and smile at them.
So, for now Darla, Molly and myself are enjoying a peaceful idyllic life in the country.  If you're out this way please stop by, we like having visitors.  Maybe we'll even pull out a few pictures and videos from our adventures.  Oh, and if you're a geologist, we still have plenty of rocks from faraway places that need to be examined.

###
Author Profile

Craig Stevens is the pseudonym for debut novelist Craig Simms.  A computer system engineer by day for a large software services firm and writer by night, Craig has enjoyed the science fiction and fantasy genres since he was a child.  His favorite novelists include J.R.R. Tolkien, Frank Herbert, H.G. Wells, Stephen R. Donaldson, Ian Douglas and Andy Weir.  Craig holds a Master of Science degree in geology from East Carolina University.  He and his wife enjoy calling the North Carolina coast home.  He can be reached on Parler at @Craigssimms.
