

Operation Phoenix
Book 1
We’re Not Alone

Don R. Budd

(Formerly: USS Hope: Baraak 5)

This is a Revised version of the eBook Published June 23, 2018.



Operation Phoenix
Book 1
We’re Not Alone
Copyright © 2018 by Don R. Budd
Cover Design by Laura Shinn
Edited by Sandra Brininstool
Formatted by Don R. Budd

All rights reserved. Except for use in any review, reproduction or use of this work in whole or in part in any form by electronic, mechanical, or other means, now known or hereafter invented, including xerography, photocopying and recording, or in any information storage or retrieval system, is forbidden without the written permission of the author.

Operation Phoenix Book 1: We’re Not Alone is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously; any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, locations, or events are entirely coincidental. A few historical persons are mentioned as they relate to the story. Thank you for respecting U.S. and international copyright laws and this author’s work.



Dedicated to:
The Memory of my parents:
Richard C. Budd, Sr. and Jean Budd

Special Thanks to:
Sandra Brininstool,
Retired Editor for DoD
Battle Creek, MI 

This Revised Version
Used Grammarly, 
A computerized editing program
To improve the quality of the eBook.



Contents

Chapter 1 The Meeting
Chapter 2 War of the Mind
Chapter 3 Scuttlebutt
Chapter 4 The Gathering
Chapter 5 Mystery
Chapter 6 Creature
Chapter 7 The Encounter
Chapter 8 The Promise
Chapter 9 Dradik
Chapter 10 So It Starts Again
Chapter 11 Enhancement Briefing
Chapter 12 Attack
Chapter 13 Mootoomoo
Chapter 14 Injection
Chapter 15 Game Night
Chapter 16 Fleet Health
Chapter 17 Gold Rush
Chapter 18 Dissention
Chapter 19 Decision
Chapter 20 Docked
Chapter 21 Ryko
Chapter 22 The King
Chapter 23 Revelation
Chapter 24 Court
Chapter 25 Delivery
Chapter 26 Moving Day
Chapter 27 They Came
Chapter 28 The Past That Haunts
Chapter 29 Stay In Goyak
Chapter 30 New Systems
Chapter 31 Medical Supplies
Chapter 32 Bohinan Snare
Chapter 33 Tomabe
Chapter 34 Another Session
Chapter 35 Sentience Won
Chapter 36 Slave Trade
Chapter 37 Court Again
Chapter 38 Death
Chapter 39 The Overthrow
Chapter 40 The Escape
Chapter 41 Midnight Attack
Chapter 42 Report to Security
Chapter 43 Richards Arrested
Chapter 44 The Great Escape
Chapter 45 Departure
Chapter 46 Homeward Bound

About the Author
Connecting with DON R. BUDD
Other Novels by DON R. BUDD

Coming Soon

Operation Phoenix
Book 2
Bohina

Chapter 1 Tyesye
Chapter 2 In Pursuit



CHAPTER 1 The Meeting

A lone figure in a protective suit with oxygen tanks shuffled along as it searched for the stable ground beneath the six inches or so of ash. The ash covered everything like deep, gray snow. The wind howled and blew the ash around like a blizzard. The lights were out despite the close of the day.
The figure found a curb and carefully stepped upon the sidewalk. The person turned left and started along an iron fence. The wind blew so hard the person had to lean into it. It took a heroic effort to remain angled into the ferocious blizzard.
The figure arrived at a black, iron gate. After a voice check and a retinal scan, the gate creaked open just enough to allow passage. The person shuffled to the white, brick building for another ID check.
Once inside, the figure went straight to the desk against the far wall. As the person approached, the suited person removed the helmet and revealed a salt and pepper-haired man. The hair was short and in a Marine style. Despite the headgear, ash covered his face.
The Marine guard looked up at him as he checked his list and marked it. He handed the older Marine a key and waved him on.
The old Marine entered a locker room and went to the locker that matched the number on the key. He unlocked it and put his helmet on the shelf. Then he proceeded to remove his protective suit.
He stepped to the showers because of the ash on him. He only had a towel around his waist. There was a waist-high wall down the middle of the shower room. He removed the towel and hung it on his numbered hook. Then he found an open shower and started it.
Other men came into the shower room; they were of various ages. They saw the man as he showered.
“Well, look what the cat dragged in!” One of the older men remarked as he went to a showerhead in the corner. He started the shower. “They let you out in public? I thought they would have you in some commune or something.”
The Marine ignored him. He lathered the soap over his body as the other men laughed at him.
“The war is over. Why would the government need you out in public?” The old man lathered up some soap.
The Marine ignored him still. He rinsed off the soap.
A young man snapped the Marine with a towel. When he did it again, the Marine yanked on it too fast for the man to let go which pulled him to the Marine. He lifted the young man off his feet and threw him against the far wall. This knocked the wind out of him.
“Hey, you’re not allowed to do that!” One of the other young men came to him ready to throw a punch.
“You attack. I can defend.” The Marine walked out of the shower room as the man on the floor slowly stood.
Later, the Marine walked smartly down a hall dressed in his winter uniform. He came to a set of double doors. Upon entry, he stopped at the secretary’s desk and reported.
She took him into an inner office where a meeting was about to commence while several men and women stood around in front of a desk. Everyone turned their attention to him.
The man, behind the desk, stood while a smile came over his face. “Ah, come in General Richards. We’re just about to start.” He held out his hand to the general.
Richards walked quickly to him and shook hands. He joined the others in a semicircle in front of the desk.
“Let’s get started.” The man sat along with everyone else. He leaned on the edge of his desk. “It’s time to put the plan into action. The ships are ready to board.”
A woman from across the circle raised a hand. “The lottery has been run and the people chosen will be notified later this week, Mr. President.”
“Good.” The man pushed off from the desk. “We have to keep this announcement quiet. We can’t have a riot by those who will be left behind.”
Richards sat up straight. “Have we coordinated the announcement date with the allies, yet?”
The woman turned her attention to him. “Yes, they’ve all agreed to keep this under wraps. The public will not know of the choices until all passengers are onboard.”
“How are you going to keep the passengers from talking?” He threw her a glance.
“No one will know they are chosen until the agents show up during the night to whisk them away.” The woman motioned a quick departure. “The agents are being deployed as we speak.”
Richards turned his attention back to the president. “What’s the status of the enemy ships, sir?”
“They’re over a month behind us. Our latest Intel also informs us they are plagued with system failures.” An admiral next to Richards turned to him.
“How reliable is our Intel, Admiral?” The general looked back at him. “Our assets have been severely depleted by the war.”
“We still have assets deep in enemy territory. We haven’t lost contact.”
Richards turned back to the president. “If the plans are already set, why do you need me at this meeting, sir?”
“You’re to be part of the plan, that’s if you want it.” The president leaned back in his chair.
“What would my part be in this, sir?”
“You’ll be the leader of Operation Phoenix, General.” The president held up his hand to emphasize his words. “The survival of the people will rest on you.”
“Will my men be allowed to go, sir?” Richards noted the others’ reactions. Some rolled their eyes while others sighed heavily as they shook their heads. “What? What’s wrong with my men going? Tim? Clarisse?”
A man in a business suit suddenly sat up straight when he heard his name called. “The war is over.” He cleared his throat. “We don’t need them anymore.” 
The woman to Tim’s right crossed her arms and glared at each of the people as she spoke. “The people are to reproduce. We certainly don’t need a race of monsters competing with normals for limited resources. That’s if the monsters could even reproduce.” She settled her fierce glare on Richards.
“I’m enhanced, and I have children. The myth that the enhanced for some reason cannot have children is simply not true. Many of us are married and have children just as the normals. Just because we are much larger and stronger than normals does not make us monsters.”
The president raised his hands to quiet the situation. “Now, let’s not get drawn into that debate again.” He put his hands down. Then he looked at the general. “Yes, your men can go. All the enhanced will go and …”
Tim stood quickly as he shook his fist while he spoke and interrupted the president. “That will take thousands of slots from normals that can have children and repopulate humanity!”
The president motioned for him to sit. “Now, let’s settle down. There’s no evidence the enhanced cannot have children. The general here is proof they can have children.”
“They’re monsters and should not be allowed to reproduce!” Tim struck both fists on the arms of his chair. “The enhanced monsters should not be allowed to rule over the normals!”
“Enough!!” The president pounded his fist on his desk. Everyone turned to him in silence. “Your views on the subject are noted.”
“Mr. President,” Richards put his hands on his knees and leaned forward. “Give me two days to think it over and I’ll give you my decision.”
“Very well.” The president leaned back in his chair. “How are our weapons systems?”
“On schedule, sir.” The Admiral glanced at his file before he looked up at him. “But, our experimental weapons will not be finished, tested or zeroed in, Mr. President. We’ll need more time.”
“That would be too dangerous.” A female Army Major warned. “We can’t leave too close to the time the enemy leaves or worse afterward. It’s our only hope to get away without the risk of losing any ships.”
“Leave too soon and there won’t be any way to defend the ships.” The admiral countered. “We have a three-day window to get away before the enemy can catch us.”
“Is the enemy set to travel to our destination?” The general glanced at each of them.
“According to our Intel, no.” The admiral checked his file. “There are several possible destinations. As far as our sources know, they are headed in the opposite direction. They believe we intend to travel to the same location because they believe there is only one option. They don’t know of the others.”
“How many nations are going with us?” Richards leaned on one elbow.
“At last count, 30 nations were going.” A woman to his right gave him a copy of the report.
The general studied it. “This says there will be 40 ships.”
“That’s right.” The woman pointed at a section of the report. “Some of the richer countries have more than one ship. The United States has three.”
“The enhanced troops will be spread over all ships for law enforcement?” The general looked at the president.
“Yes, for that and protection from any enemy attack. They’ll support the foreign military aboard each ship. There will be Air Force, Army, Marine, and Navy personnel onboard. The captains are mostly civilian since most of the nations don’t have navies.” The president leaned across his desk with his hands folded. “Many are landlocked, or their navies were destroyed in the war. When you reach the destination, you will include the other nations in Goliath. Those men will take over law enforcement and military duties for their countries.”
Richards’s expression changed to shock. “Is that wise, sir? Goliath is a military secret that could fall into the wrong hands.”
“I’m not saying to give them the secrets of Goliath. We just agreed to enhance their people.” The president held up a finger.
“Still, enhancing their people can have dire consequences, Mr. President. Friends can become enemies. Not everyone values civil rights as we do, sir.” The general leaned toward the president on one elbow.
“Operation Phoenix is to make all nations equal. We want to start new. That’s why this mission is called ‘Operation Phoenix.’ We are rising from the ash to all be reborn into a new civilization. We will even have a revamped United Nations.” The president held up his finger again.
“But, the US will have more ships, people, and enhanced military than any other nation. That alone will not make us equal and will cause problems. The US is always the superpower and it causes resentment. Besides, no matter how careful the planning, there will be problems from the past. We’re human.” The general glanced at all the people in the circle then back at the president.
“We’ll have to learn from the past or face another world war. True, we will have the most ships, people, and enhanced troops, but we must tread carefully. That’s why I want you to lead the mission. You won’t force our values on everyone else. The big guy can’t be ordering the little guy. You will lead and not order.”
“But, you know how people feel about us. Having so many of us in such close quarters can be a ticking timebomb, Mr. President. Everything we say or do will be tyrannical.”
“And so, I ask you to lead the people. You’re well-liked by most enhanced and normals alike. Both respect your leadership and accept you as one of them.” The president held out both hands as he left his elbows on the arms of the chair.
“The normals only accept me because I am not as big as the younger enhanced, so they don’t see me as enhanced.”
“Will you accept the position, General?”
“As I said earlier, give me two days to think it over.” He put his hands on his knees and leaned forward.
“Very well, General.” The president took his phone and checked two days hence. “What time can you meet?”
“Two, sir.”
“Set.”
After the meeting, Richards returned to the locker room. When Tim came in and opened the locker next to the general, Richards started to undress.
Tim stripped down to his underclothes as Richards did to his stringed, low-rise briefs. Tim pulled out his thermal pants.
“What is there to think about?” He started to put on the pants. “It’s a chance to get away from nuclear winter.”
The general put on his thermal shirt. “I just made Major General at the Pentagon and I don’t want to cause something to jeopardize it should this trip not materialize.” Richards finished with his buttons and put on his thermal pants.
Tim put on his thermal shirt and started to button it. “You think governments would build 40 ships and not go?”
“No.” Richards put his legs in his protective suit.
“They are going, and you don’t need to worry about that.” He put on his outer suit. “Think of your kids then. They will be able to get a great, fresh start.”
They took out their boots and put them on as they made sure the pant legs tied around their boot tops. Finally, they put their helmets on and made sure the hood straps tied around it.
Richards was the first to leave as others came in from the showers.

Contents




CHAPTER 2 War of the Mind

The general entered a small room with several protective suits that hung on hooks. The other wall had brooms, mops, and various cleaning supplies. There was another door that faced him. Richards removed his suit and hung it on its hook. Then he stepped through the other door.
It led to a living room where a middle-aged woman sat as she read an electronic tablet. She brushed something off her thermal blouse and looked up as he closed the door.
“Well, Mike, you’re finally home!” She stood as she laid the pad on the table. “Your boys are asleep. That’s 10 days they haven’t seen or heard from you.”
“Sorry, I’ve been busy at work. You’d never know the war was over.” He undid his thermal shirt and removed it. Ash covered him again.
“I’ll see you tomorrow.” She picked up the pad and left.
After he removed the rest of his warm clothes, a toddler came out dressed only in low-rise briefs. He wiped the sleep from his eyes.
“Waddar, please, Daddy.” He held his hands out for his Daddy to pick him up.
“I’m all dirty, Jacob.” Mike squatted in front of his boy. “I’ll get you your water and come tuck you in after I take a shower.”
Jacob looked sad as Mike stood and went to the kitchen. The boy followed him.
Soon the general entered the shower. He turned it on high and the steam quickly filled the room. As he started to think of the trip, the sounds of planes and weapons fire tortured his mind. He leaned against the wall and held his hands over his ears. Mike strained to get away from the noise. The general thrashed about the stall and his head went under the shower spray. He didn’t seem to be able to pull his head out. Mike coughed and fought to get air. He broke free of the spray and fell in the shower.
Someone tapped on the shower door. The sounds stopped. “Daddy?” The small boy tapped again. “Daddy?”
“I’m okay! Daddy fell that’s all! Go back to bed!” Richards stood and lathered some soap. 
Mike entered the boys’ room dressed in his low briefs and sat a glass of water next to the little boy who was now asleep. He tucked in the boy. Then he left the room.
As he came out, the sounds came back and hit him like a migraine. Mike cringed and held his hands over his ears. The general went to his room and fell on his bed as he rolled and fought the war which raged in his head.
Jacob came in and climbed on the bed. “Daddy! Daddy!” He crawled on his Dad’s back. “You okay, Daddy?” He waited for a response, but there was none. The general continued to thrash on the bed. Jacob bounced on his father’s back. Mike rolled quickly to his back which knocked the boy backward.
The father opened his eyes as the noise in his head stopped. “What are you doing in here, Jacob? You’re supposed to be in bed.”
“I come see you okay.” The boy jumped on Mike’s chest and laid his head on his father’s shoulder. Then he went to sleep.
The general wrapped his massive arms around his son and sat up as he held the boy. He stood and carried the boy back to bed. There he tucked him in again.
Jacob opened his eyes. “Stay wid me, Daddy.”
Mike laid on the bed next to him. He put his arm over his son and went to sleep.
The boy hung on to his father’s arm. Then he went to sleep.
The next morning, Mike was in the kitchen with his older son. Both had dressed in their warm clothes. Richards cooked eggs and made some toast. As he took the skillet with the eggs to the table, Jacob ran in still dressed in his briefs and hugged his Daddy’s leg. The man stopped.
He looked at the boy. “Well, good morning, Sleepyhead.”
“Go monee, Daddy.” Jacob held his hands up to his father.
Mike sat the skillet on the table and reached down to pick up his son. He rested his boy in the chair next to his. Then the general dished out the food as the toast presented itself. He went to the toast and brought it back. He sat.
“Why’d we have to get up so early?” The older boy played in his food. He sulked.
“I thought it would be nice to have a meal together.” Mike gave Jacob his food and cut it into small pieces. He looked at his older son and sighed. “Jonathan, don't play in your food! You’re not a little kid.”
The door chimed. Mike went to answer it. When he opened the door, it was Martha.
“You’ve dressed already? That’s a first.” Martha stepped in and saw the children at the table. “And having breakfast together at this hour.” She looked at Mike. “What’s the occasion?”
“I just thought it would be nice to have a meal together.” Richards walked back to his place at the table. He stood behind his chair. “Would you like to have some eggs?”
Jacob got down and ran to her. “Go monee, Matta!”
She knelt to him and looked at Mike. “Mike, you should really work on his speech. It’s about time for him to enter school and he can’t even talk yet. Plus, he can’t write his own name. He doesn’t know his alphabet or his numbers. He won’t be ready for school.”
“I don’t have time to teach him.” Mike cringed and covered his eyes.
She stood with concern on her face. “Are you okay, Mike?”
He turned and walked quickly to his room then he shut the door behind him.
“You boys eat your breakfast.” She started for his room. “I’ll check on your Dad.” She went to the door and knocked. “Mike? You okay?” She knocked again. Still no answer. Martha tried the door and it opened. She stepped in to find Mike sprawled on the bed as he struggled with something in his head. She went to him. “Mike, it’s the PTSD again, isn’t it?”
The general rolled to his side and looked up at her. His eyes were red and watery. He nodded reluctantly as he looked down in shame.
“You have to get help.” She sat next to him. “You can’t go on like this.”
“I can’t let anyone know.” He rose up on one arm. “I’m a major general now. I’d lose that if someone found out about the PTSD.”
“They’ll find out when you blow.” She put a hand on his shoulder.
“It only happens at home.” He looked away.
“So, you bury yourself in your work, while your family suffers for it.” Martha moved her hand from his shoulder to his hip as she turned away.
“Work gives me some sort of relief.” He looked at her as she stood. “I have to do this until I’m able to face a family.”
“You should have thought of that before you had one.” She left him alone.
Mike sat up and put his elbows on his knees. He rubbed his eyes. Then the general looked at his smartwatch. He sighed heavily as he stood and left the room.
In the kitchen, he sat and ate his cold breakfast. The boys finished and left the table. Mike ate fast. He put the dishes in the sink and started to run the water.
Martha came to him and put her hands on his to stop him. “I’ll take care of these. You just go to work.”
Mike left for work.
At the Pentagon, he walked to the showers with a towel around him. He hung the towel on its hook and went to a showerhead. The water ran and ran; however, Mike did not step under the water. He stood and stared at it.
“What’s wrong, sir?” A male voice sounded from behind him. “Sir?”
The general looked behind him and saw a very muscular man. “Oh, hello, Samson.” He stepped under the water and rinsed off the ash. “Sorry, I was just thinking about a decision I have to make by tomorrow.”
Samson went to a shower and began to clean. “Must be a big one. I guess it goes with the promotion, sir.”
A group of muscular men entered, put their towels on hooks, and went to their showers.
“It’s a big one. I wasn’t expecting such a life-changing decision.” Richards lathered up the soap over his body.
“What is it, sir?” Samson turned around to face away from the shower while he rinsed his hair.
“I can’t talk about it.” The general let the water run down the back of his neck. “You’ll all hear about it in the next few days.”
“Scuttlebutt has it, sir, that the enhanced will be going on the trip. Is that right, sir?” One of the other men faced away from the shower and let it run down his back and then his front.
“Don’t repeat scuttlebutt.” Richards turned off the water and wiped off the excess water from his skin. “It’s not always true.”
“Who’s goin’, sir?” Another young man rinsed off the soap.
“I can’t talk about it. Now, let’s get to work.” The general went for his towel. When he grabbed it, he bent over as he cringed in pain. The sounds of weapons fire and planes came again to his mind. He knelt on one knee then fell to the floor and rolled around.
Samson came and knelt next to him and protected the general’s head. “Sir? Sir, you need a medic!”
One of the other men left the shower room and returned when the medics arrived.
The next thing the general knew, he was in the emergency room. Samson and another enhanced man were with him. Richards looked at a man as he entered the room.
“General Michael C. Richards?” The man came to the end of the bed.
“Yes, that’s me.”
The man took the electronic pad and went through it. “I’m Dr. Cannon and I’ll be treating you. How long have these migraines been occurring?” He let down the electronic pad and looked at him.
Richards shrugged. “I don’t know. A few years maybe.”
“Like 10 years?” Dr. Cannon walked over to him.
“How did you know?” Richards looked at Cannon confused.
“That’s when the war ended.” The doctor cO’Connored his arms. “You’re having dreams and flashbacks of the war. You hear war and they’re walloping you. It’s not a migraine. You have PTSD, Post Traumatic Stress Disorder.”
“Am I out of the Marine Corps?”
“No, but you need treatment.” Dr. Cannon reviewed the chart again and entered some notes. “I am prescribing Sertraline, 50 Mg tablet, once a day at night for you. Then see your regular physician in one month and see how you are doing. You’ll need to calm the problem and then use CPT for 12 weeks. That will help you deal with the problem causing the PTSD.”
“What if I’m not here in a month?” Richards sat up with only a sheet over him.
“Then you’ll need a new doctor. You would need one anyway. I can’t treat you beyond today.” The doctor put the pad back and started to leave. “You can go back on duty. Don’t forget to stop by the pharmacy to get your Sertraline.” He left.
The general threw the sheet off him and hung his legs off the bed. Samson came with his clothes and laid the uniform on the bunk. Richards stood and dressed before they left the room. 
As they walked down the corridor, Rocky glanced over at his superior. “How are you going to hide this now, sir?”
Samson threw him a mean look.
“What?” Rocky stopped momentarily. “It’s a good question.”
“Here’s the pharmacy.” Richards stepped in and talked with the clerk at the window. When he returned, he had his meds. “Okay, let’s get to work.”
“Yes, sir!” The men led him to the doors.
Others went through the doors, too. The infirmary was a busy place. A large group of Sick Call Commandos sat, squirmed, paced, and a host of other things as they waited at the sick call desk.

Contents



CHAPTER 3 Scuttlebutt

The general entered his office to a stack of trays. Each contained several electronic pads. He stopped in the doorway and put his hands on his hips. He sighed.
“Excuse me, sir!” A female voice came from behind him.
He turned and saw a young, corporal with a cart loaded with more trays. He stepped out of the doorway and watched as she stacked them on his desk, chairs, and cabinets.
“Sorry, sir, President’s order.” She hurried out of the room.
As she left, another woman entered. Richards came to attention.
“Where have you been?” She barked as she stared at his chest.
“In the infirmary, ma’am.” He kept his eyes straight forward.
“Are you becoming one of those Sick Call Commandos, Richards?” She tried to get in his face, but she was too short and could only reach his chest.
“No, ma’am!”
“Assume the position!” She barked.
Richards squatted down to her level.
She got in his face. “You are one of them! You disappeared three times this week!”
“I’ve only been to the infirmary once, ma’am and that was today, ma’am.” He stared straight ahead.
“Scuttlebutt has it you have PTSD! Is that true?” snarled the loud-mouth woman.
“Oh, no, ma’am. That is just scuttlebutt, ma’am. You know how that stuff gets started.” Richards had to fight back a smirk.
“It better be, or you’ll be out of here! Is that clear?” She snapped. She sounded more like a DI.
“Yes, ma’am. It’s perfectly clear!”
She reached up and pushed on his chest. But, he did not fall. She became frustrated and stormed out of the room.
He sighed and stood. “Corporal Watts!” He snapped out the door.
The corporal stood amidst the cubicles. “Yes, sir!” She yelled back.
“Get Master Sergeant O’Connor and Gunnery Sergeant Klein in my office ASAP!” The general went to his desk.
“Yes, sir!” She disappeared again.
By the time the two sergeants reported to him, the general was halfway through the electronic pads.
He did not look up. “Yes, what is it?”
“Samson and Rocky reporting as ordered, sir!” Samson’s voice bellowed.
Richards looked up with a scowl. The two were at attention with salutes.
The general leaned back in his chair. “Master Sergeant O’Connor and Gunnery Sergeant Klein … finally.” He returned their salutes.
“He used our real names. We’re in deep trouble.” Rocky talked out of the side of his mouth in a whisper.
“You’d better believe you’re in trouble!” Richards stood and walked around to the front of the desk. “I thought I could trust you two about my PTSD, but I was wrong!” He sat on the corner of his desk. “Scuttlebutt has it all over and even General Tyranny knows about it. What do you have to say for yourselves?”
“We didn’t have any time to tell anyone, sir.” Samson remained at attention.
“We went straight to our duty stations, sir.” Rocky threw a glance at the general. “We hadn’t seen anyone until Butter Bar Hotshot came in the office all hot and bothered ordering us to come report to you, sir.”
“He still dreaming of flying a hot mission?” Richards put a hand on his thigh and leaned toward them.
“Yes, sir!!” They used their command voice.
“I don’t see how he could ever do that. He can’t see beyond the end of his nose. His portholes must be 2 inches thick!” The general stood as he turned back toward his chair. “But then with a snout like his, he could see anything. But he couldn’t fit in a cockpit!”
The office door slammed open while General Tyranny stormed in the room. “Did you see this?” She held up her pad with a memo. “Even SECNAV knows about this!” She stopped in front of Richards. “I hate talking to that chest of yours! Assume the position!”
Richards squatted down to her eye level.
“I am ordered to relieve you of duty until you are no longer a threat to this unit.” She reached out and took his security badge. “Sergeants, escort the general out of the building.”
“Yes, ma’am!” They assumed the position.
She left as the two men walked over to the general still crouched.
Samson took the general by the left arm. “Sir, can we stand tall, now?”
“Yes.”
Rocky took the general by the right arm. “Thank you, sir.”
All three-stood straight and walked out.
In the locker room, Richards stripped to his briefs and started to take out his thermal shirt. The Marine song began to play. He hung up the shirt and pressed a button on his smartwatch. He stopped the music and raised it to his mouth.
“Hello, Mr. President!” He put his other hand on his hip.
“Hello, Mike. Sorry about the dirty trick to play on you. But, I had to make sure you went on this voyage.”
Richards tugged on his briefs with his free hand and put it back on his hip. “What trick, sir?”
“You’re in the locker room by now, right?” The president’s voice was upbeat.
“How’d you know that, sir?” The general turned and put a foot up on the bench and scratched his ankle.
“I set it all up to get you out of that bureaucratic hell hole with General Tyranny. Everyone’s in on it, even the two sergeants with you. They have tracking devices in their collars. So, smile! You’re on Candide Camera!”
The general lowered his watch as he shook his head and sighed. The two sergeants nearly rolled on the floor they laughed so hard. Mike looked at them and shook his finger of his free hand. The men stopped their laughter.
Richards put the watch back to his mouth. “Okay, okay, sir. I’ll go on this voyage.”
“That-a-boy.” The president’s voice sounded relieved.
Mike put his foot on the floor and bent into the locker. He pulled out his protective boots and put his shoes in the cabinet. “What’s the catch, sir?”
“It’s a one-way ticket. There’s no return. You’ll be the only survivors.”
“And no one to call for help.” The general stretched hard and yawned. 
“The cavalry won’t be coming.” The president’s voice sounded strange.
“So, what now, sir?” Mike tugged the back of his briefs. Then he pulled out his thermal shirt and put it on the bench.
“Come by my office ASAP and we’ll discuss it.”
“Yes, sir!” He pulled out his pants.
The call went dead. Richards let the watch down and proceeded to dress.
Contents



CHAPTER 4 The Gathering

There was a constant rap on a door in a dark room. A light came on in the living room. Clothes and toys were everywhere. Dishes and cracker boxes were on the coffee table. A heavy-set man came across the place as he closed his robe. 
The man reached the door. “Yeah! Yeah! I hear ya!” He called out in his Brooklyn accent and opened the door to see two big men in black protective suits with dark visors. “Yeah, what ya want?” He leaned on the door.
One man stepped forward. “We are here to take you and your family to the departure station to go on the journey.”
The man’s eyes bugged out. “We’re gonna be survivors?”
“Yes, now move! Get everyone ready. We don’t have much time.” The man stepped into the apartment.
The resident hurried back to the bedroom. “Kathy! Get up!”
In a barracks, a captain turned on the light. “Attention!”
All the troops jumped from their beds and lined up at the foot of their bunks dressed in their briefs. They stood at attention as the captain strode down the aisle dressed in his briefs. He stopped in the middle of the room.
“Cap, what’s going on, sir?” Samson glanced down the aisle to the captain.
The captain looked over the men. “All enhanced troops will be departing for the journey. Suit up and get your gear. Meet out front in company formation in 10. Move!”
Everyone rushed to their lockers and suited. Then they grabbed their duffle bags and rushed out to formation.
Crowds filled the hanger as they checked in their luggage. From there they stood in lines to go behind curtains. As they waited, the enhanced march in dressed in their fatigues. They turned in their duffle bags and then walked in front. 
Richards stepped in line after them, dressed in his Service “C’s.” His boys were in the boys’ line some ways away from him. He looked around to see the different lines. There were lines for men, lines for women, lines for girls, and lines for boys. The lines moved slowly. As he closed in on the head of the line, he saw a sign that told him to undress, put clothes in recycle bins, and step into the showers.
When he stepped inside, he went to a bench and removed his khaki shirt. As he started to remove his olive slacks, he heard a sound behind him.
“Good to see you, sir.” The voice sounded familiar.
Richards looked around and saw the captain from the barracks who undressed already. “Good to see you, Captain Mitchell. Your family here, too?”
“Yes, sir!” Mitchell walked to the bench and put a foot on it. Then he leaned on his elbow. “Which ship will you be on, sir?”
“The USS George Washington.” The general removed his slacks and emptied the pockets. “I’ll be leading the ships once we enter the target area. The enhanced will be law enforcement and support troops for the foreign ships.”
The two headed for the showers. There they turned on their showers and lathered the soap over their bodies. As Mitchell turned around to allow the water to rinse his back, a young man bumped into him. He grabbed hold of the man and kept him off the floor.
“So…so…sorry, sir!” The man stammered as he stood there with a terrified look.
He stood the man upright. “No problem.” Mitchell smiled at him. “It’s hard not to bump into someone in this crowd. Besides, we don’t bite.”
The man relaxed and smiled uneasily as he took a few steps back.
“Here, take this shower.” Mitchell stepped away and waited for Richards.
The man quickly stepped to the shower and cleaned himself.
Mitchell looked around and headed toward a fight that broke out in the middle of the crowd. He came between the two groups of men. Some were husky men, some were tall, some were slender, and some were short.
He turned to the larger men. “Think your size warrants your better treatment?”
“Certainly!” A tall, husky man stepped forward. “What are you going to do about it?”
Mitchell stepped forward to him and put a hand on his throat. “Watch and see, Hot Shot.” He lifted him off the floor with one hand. He held the man as he tried to find the floor with his feet. “Are you ready to behave?”
“Put me down!” The man demanded through his teeth. He grabbed at Mitchell’s hand. But, he couldn’t break the hold. “You can’t do this to us!”
“I’m doing it.” Mitchell lifted the man up and down.
Richards walked up to him. “No working out in the showers, Captain.”
“Yes, sir!” He threw the man backward as he followed the general out the other side.
They reached the dressing room and received several sets of clothes. The two dressed in their Service “C’s.” A man came and assisted the general with his rank insignias and his service ribbons. Another man came to do the same for Mitchell.
“When am I told my ship, sir?” The captain looked at his superior as the man finished with his ribbons.
“When we leave here.” The general went to a mirror and checked his uniform.
After Mitchell checked his uniform, they left the room and went out to the families.
The Richards boys came to their father. They wore the same style of clothes as all the other young boys. They had black shorts, a blue T-shirt, and black shoes and socks. Jonathan was unimpressed with everything around him. He moped.
Jacob watched a little boy who ran up to the captain with his hands held up to him. The boy made shapes with his hands and flung them around.
Jacob held his hands out toward his Dad. But, the general paid no attention.
“Good boy! Now you are all grown up. Daddy’s proud of you. Taking a shower like the big kids.” Mitchell squatted down and picked the boy up by the waist and cradled him in his big arms. He stood. “Tommy, where’s Mommy?”
“Right here, Tom.” A woman his age came up to him. They embraced and kissed. “Tommy went through the line like a big boy. He was no problem.”
“Good boy!” The captain kissed the little boy on the forehead.
The boy was all smiles. He started to make shapes with his hands.
“Yes, Daddy needs to find out which ship we’ll be on.” Tom looks at the general. “Lead the way, sir.”
Martha joined them. “Pick him up, Mike. What’s the problem?”
Finally, Mike picked up Jacob and held him on his hip. Jacob kept his eyes on Tommy’s hands. He smiled at the boy and tried to make hand shapes to his Daddy.
“What was that?” Mike looked at his son with an odd look.
“Can’t you understand me, Daddy?” He pouted. “Why can’t you understand me? Captain Mitchell understands his boy.”
“They know Sign Language. You don’t.” Richards walked down the corridor. “Tommy is mute.”
Richards led them to a ticket counter down a corridor. The workers quickly processed them through and handed them their orders. The Richards and the Mitchells were all assigned to the USS George Washington.
Mitchell looked his orders over. “I’m going to be your second in command, sir.” He looked at the general as they headed toward the boarding stations. “How are we going to get to the ships, sir?”
“The same way you came here.” The general led them to another room where many people waited.
The enhanced stood at attention as Richards and Mitchell approached.
A door opened. Then a small woman stepped out. “All boarding for the USS George Washington, this way, please.”
She turned back to the hall that she came from and Richards and Mitchell followed. The regular troops and then the enhanced forces followed them.
When they reached the passenger cabin, they all found seats. As Mitchell sat, Jacob walked up to him and squeezed his arm. “Wow!” He poked it. Mitchell looked down with a smile.
Beep! Mitchell’s smartwatch sounded. He used his free arm to answer it. It was a text message from the national news. “Chosen found. Dover AFB. Headed to ships. Riots worldwide.”
Mitchell let the watch down. He picked up Jacob and set him on his lap. Jacob nestled in his arm.
A steward came to them. “Sorry, sir, but he has to be in a seat for the flight.”
Jacob went back to his seat as he moped. Richards buckled him in his chair as the shuttle lifted off the ground and all the windows closed as the flight reached cruising altitude.
Hours later, the craft sat on a solid surface.
A steward stood and held a mic. “You may now stand and exit the craft. The staff will check your orders, again. Please, follow the orders given closely and stay together. Thank you.” The steward put the mic back.
The people exited the craft in an orderly fashion. As the people left and emptied the shuttle by their rows, the Mitchells and Richards stood and moved forward.
Tommy urged his father to carry him, so Tom picked him up and sat him on a shoulder. Jacob liked that. He tried to get his Daddy to do the same. However,  his father motioned him to move up the aisle. Jacob frowned as he complied.
“Mike!” Martha exclaimed. “Pick the boy up on your shoulder.”
Reluctantly, Mike picked him up and placed him on his shoulders. Jacob felt Mike’s arms while they held him in place.
As the people left the bay, they separated into two groups. One group went left and the other headed right. The enhanced troops and their families turned right as did others.
They followed the corridor for some time. Then the people turned left into a room filled with glass chambers and dark blue cushions. The lights around the room danced in multi-colors as the computer went through its many calculations. The sounds of switches that changed in time with the patterns of the lights almost sounded musical. The engines hummed and vibrated the floor.
The people stepped into the tubes and strapped themselves to the beds. Parents helped their children. Then they took care of themselves.
Richards strapped his boys in with Jacob closest to him. When he strapped in his tube, a tall, thin, naval captain stepped up to him.
“Sir, I am Captain Stevens and I’ll be running the ship for the first tour of duty. Everything will operate in here separate from the rest of the ship. Once the doors seal, no one from the outside will be able to interfere with operations inside.” The man reached for a microphone.
“What if something goes wrong in here?” Richards tugged on his straps. “None of us are trained in the operation of this room and its equipment.”
“If anything goes wrong, sir, you’d never know it.” The captain raised the mic to his mouth. “Attention, everyone! This is Captain Jeffery Stevens. I’ll be running this ship for the first tour of our journey. We cannot feed or sustain everyone on the trip. So, you will be in stasis for the duration. You will notice after the tubes close a mist will fill the tube. Don’t panic. The mist will be gone before you know it. Keep your children calm. Thank you.”
The captain stepped to the control panel and pressed some buttons. The tubes slowly closed, and the mist came. The sound of the seal as it sucked in the air filled the room. Frost formed over the chambers. He and his assistants worked at the controls for a few moments and then left the room. As they left, they sealed the door. The lights went out except for the computer lights that continued to dance about.

Contents



CHAPTER 5 Mystery

Richards opened his eyes and saw his tube lid was open. He sighed. Along the walls, various colored lights blinked in a light-show fashion. The lights chimed out an almost musical tune. The room lit up.
He stumbled out of the tube and caught his balance as he grabbed the opened lid. He rubbed his eyes and then looked around. All the other tubes remained closed. He ran a hand through his short-cropped, gray hair as he gathered his composure.
The general walked awkwardly to the computer station a short distance from the tubes and pressed a button. “This is Major General Michael C. Richards. What happened to our stasis? We were to be asleep for 300 years.”
There was no response.
“This is Major General Michael C. Richards. What happened to our stasis? Captain Stevens?”
“There is no Captain Stevens aboard the USS George Washington.” The computer replied in a monotone voice.
“Who is the current captain?”
“There is no current captain assigned to the USS Washington.” The computer replied in a monotone voice.
The sounds of beeps and hisses from the other tubes started to sound as the people began to step uneasily out of their containers. His two boys came to him. Jacob ran and clung to him. The boy grabbed the general’s back pocket as he looked around at all the people. He pressed against Richards.
“Jonathan, take Jacob back to the tubes and stand there.” Richards guided the younger boy to the older.
Jonathan, age ten, obeyed his father. They returned to the tubes.
The rest of the people crowded around Richards. The general looked at them for a moment and then turned toward the digital calendar. It read “December 5, 2589.”
Richards looked back at the people again. “I need volunteers to go out and find out what happened. We’ve lost our captain.”
A large group of augmented men quickly came to the front of the crowd. All dressed like the general, in the summer uniforms of their service.
“Samson and Rocky, you’re with me. The rest of you go in teams of two. Check out each floor. See if you can find anyone. I need more volunteers to check the floors!”
Another large group of enhanced men came forward.
Richards went to the door and pressed a code into the keypad. The door opened.
Outside, the corridor was dark. Only the emergency lights were lit. Richards turned back to the people.
“The rest of you, stay in here until further notice. I need troops to guard the door.” Richards and the men stepped out of the room. Others came to the door and waited.
Rocky, a tall, hefty man noticed a stain on the far wall. He took a small flashlight from his pants’ pocket. He shined it on the stain.
“Sir!” Rocky ran his fingers over the stain. “There was a fight here.”
“There’s more of it down here.” Samson shined on another stain further down the corridor. Samson was noticeably the largest of the men.
Richards glanced at the two stains. Then he shined his small flashlight at the floor covered with red blotches. “Okay, we know there was a fight. Now, where are the people?”
The three walked down the corridor, turned the corner, and found still more stains on the walls and floor. They came to the elevators where Richards pressed a button. A skeleton fell out of the elevator as it opened. It smashed to pieces as it hit the floor. There were no cobwebs. Richards pushed it out of the way with his foot. Then the trio entered the elevator.
“What do you think happened, sir?” Samson came up to Richards.
“I have no idea.” Richards continued to shine his flashlight around the area. “There are no studies of living this long out here.”
“Do you think they just got on each other’s nerves?” Rocky joined them as Richards pressed the button.
“Perhaps the captain’s logs have some answers.” Richards stood in front of the door and the door closed.
As the door opened, they spotted many skeletons on the chairs, consoles, and floor. They stepped out of the elevator and the door closed behind them.
“Clear the stations and find out what happened here.” Richards went to the command chair.
Samson went to the com station and Rocky went to the armory station. They cleared off the stations and began to check their records. Samson looked at the communications records. He was to the right of the large screen. Rocky read the documents at the armory station to the left of the large screen.
“Sir, there are records of several unknown alien craft attacking us.” Samson played several files. “Communication with the aliens could not be made as they had mooing sounds. Some of the others report aliens boarding. They fought them off as best they could. But, quote, ‘our pea-shooters,’ end quote, were of no effect. People were being taken.”
 Rocky checked his station. “I have weapons fire, sir. But no indication as to who shot them. Our weapons were ineffective.” Rocky continued to scroll through the records.
“I haven’t come across any of those reports yet.” Richards continued to examine the captain’s records. “I am still reading reports of mutinies. It seems we ran out of food and water. There should have been enough for the journey. Here’s one that says the people turned to cannibalism. A Captain Jayne Preston reports she feared she would be next on the menu. People were pounding on her door at the time of her report.”
“Maybe the population grew faster than planned, sir.” Samson looked over to him.
“That could be.” Richards viewed a file. “But, there still should have been the ability to grow more in the Gardens. This entry is the last one. It was entered only 45 years into the experiment.”
The com light started to flash. Richards reached up and pressed the button. “Yes, go ahead.”
“Sir, this is O’Neil on G-Deck, I found a strange skeleton. It has a head like a bull and a body like that of a man, sir.” The man’s voice came over the com channel.
“Have it taken to sickbay and then notify the medical team to report there,” Richards ordered as he scanned logs for alien encounters.
“Yes, sir!” O’Neil’s voice came over the com channel. “Out!”
Richards pressed the button again.
Samson pressed some buttons and the front screens light up. The main screen showed a forward view. Then the five smaller screens below showed the other directions.
“Sir?” Samson looked over the screens. “We’re not even close to our target. The screens show only space in all directions. The com shows that we are way off course too, sir.”
“What are we going to do, sir?” Rocky looked over at the general.
“First get some help up here and then get back on track.” Richards pressed the intercom button. “Attention all bridge crew, report to the bridge at once. That includes all shifts.” Richards pressed the button again. “That should help us get things in order again.”
A middle-aged man followed by his entire crew entered the bridge. They jumped into action at all stations. The first order of business was to clean up the mess. They did this in short order and then they turned their attention to the operation of the ship. All but the day shift left the bridge.
“Sir, I’m Captain Steven Russell.” Russell introduced himself. “I will be in charge during the day shift. We still need engineering to find out why the engines are off-line. That will need attention before we can do much of anything, sir.”
“Right.” Richards found more extraterrestrial records. “I hadn’t noticed them off-line. I’m not used to this.”
“Normally, there is a constant rumble in the floor.” Russell put his foot out to feel the floor. “It’s not much, but it is a sign of the engines.”
“Samson, have the engineers check out the engines and then check the other ships.” The general kept his eyes on the screen. “They must be in the same predicament. We need everyone ready to move out.”
“Yes, sir!” Samson pressed the com button.
Richards pressed his own com button. “Computer, how far are we from our destination?”
“We are currently 2.43 light years from our destination.” The computer replied in a monotone voice. “It is estimated to take 254 years, 9 months, 22 days, 12 hours, 7 minutes, and 13 seconds to reach the destination at maximum speed.”
“Computer, is there another possible planet nearby?” The general stood upright as he faced the big screen.
“Negative.” The computer replied in a monotone voice. “The only possible destination is already set.”
Richards pressed the button again to turn off the com. The general turned his attention to Samson. “What have you found out?” He put his hands on his hips.
“We have all ships scattered about the area.” Samson continued to read his screen. “All are in the same predicament.”
“How are the chamber rooms in the other ships?” Richards started to walk toward Samson as he let his arms down.
“We can’t connect to the computers of the ships’ chamber rooms, sir.” Samson looked at him. “We need to send out rescue teams.”
The general pressed a nearby com button. “I need engineers to restart the engines and rescue teams to go to the other ships to save as many of the passengers in the chamber rooms as possible. Bring back any supplies you can salvage as well.” He pressed his com button.
“Sir, I heard from the FNS Turunmaa, HMAS Australia, and the ROCS Zaisan. They are wondering what happened, sir.” Samson looked up from his station even as more transmissions chimed.
“Tell them we don’t know yet. Have the captains check their life support before leaving their chamber rooms. We are sending Tech Support to help them get their engines up and running.” The general went to Rocky.
“What are we going to do, if we meet these creatures again, sir?” Rocky continued to check his records.
Richards stopped next to him. “What weapons do we still have?”
“Not much I’m afraid, sir.” Rocky went to another screen and checked the weapons. “Almost all our missiles are gone, sir.”
“What about the experimental weapons we’re supposed to have?” The general pointed at the list of weapons.
“I don’t know, sir.” Rocky tapped the screen and the experimental weapons’ screen appeared. “I will have to learn these, sir. I don’t know anything about them.”
“Do it! And get the other ships up to speed also.” Richards headed back to his command chair.
Samson pressed buttons on his console. “Sir, the ships are operational. The captains report that all those who stayed awake are dead or missing, sir. Now, Dr. Collins requests your presence, sir. She sounded urgent.”
Richards stood and Captain Russell came to replace him. Then he left the bridge. Russell took his seat in the command chair.

Contents



CHAPTER 6 Creature

The medical staff was busy with the examination of a skeleton. Each wore white lab coats and had various instruments in their hands while they worked on the subject. Computer screens showed multiple views of the skeletal remains. Each monitor was on the counters next to the table. One screen was at the head of the table. It showed its full length. The staff discussed their findings.
As Richards entered the sickbay, a slender, older woman in a white medical coat and her aide met him. The other doctors and staff walked away and went elsewhere.
“Thanks for coming, General.” The doctor stopped in front of him. “This is my assistant Debra Holtz.” Holtz was a short, stout woman with black wire-rimmed glasses. She seemed nervous around Richards, who glanced at her.
“You sounded like you found something, Dr. Collins,” Richards mentioned as Dr. Collins led him to the skeleton on an autopsy table.
“Yes,” Dr. Collins came to the table. “This is a bull of some type. The head is that of a bull complete with horns, but the body is that of another creature, not a man. It looks more like a bull that walked upright. The mass of the skeleton itself would rule out a man. The curvature of the spine suggests it is a creature that just started to walk upright. The adaptation is not yet complete. The feet still have hooves instead of toes. The teeth and jaw suggest the creature still eats grasses and grains.”
“So, we don’t need to be worried about being eaten by these creatures.” Richards looked over the skeleton.
“Correct, sir.” Dr. Collins watched him.
“What about the hands?” The general picked up a hand and examined it.
“They are not fully formed so it would be difficult to grasp things or write.” Collins watched him examine the remains.
“What are the weaknesses in the creature?” Richards glanced at the doctor and put the hand on the table. “We may come across them again and we need to know their weaknesses.”
“The coccyx, Doctor.” Holtz injected as she stood sheepishly on the opposite side of the table.
The general glanced up at Holtz and then at the doctor.
“Oh, right.” Dr. Collins remembered her information. “The coccyx is the closest thing to a weak spot that I can tell from the skeleton.”
“The what?” Richards looked at her inquisitively.
“The tail bone,” Dr. Collins pointed to the skeleton’s tail bone. “A blow to the tailbone will cripple the creature.”
“Meaning we have to come up from behind to attack.” Richards looked at the tail bone.
“Yes, sir, or knock the bull, so it falls on the coccyx.” Dr. Collins looked at him. “The spinal cord is very close to the surface there. It’s where the tail would be. It’s not much, but it is something to keep in mind when you deal with them.”
“What else can you tell me about them?” Richards looked at her again.
“The brain cavity is larger than that of a bull, so the brain was probably larger and therefore the intelligence was probably greater than a bull.” Dr. Collins showed the cavity on an x-ray screen.
Richards looked at the screen. “From the size of the cavity can you estimate the level of intelligence?”
“I would estimate that they had at least the same intelligence as a human, if not greater.” She watched him. “Note that the cavity is slightly larger than the human’s cavity. This would give room for a slightly larger brain.”
“Could the creature have had a language?” Richards looked at her as he tapped his fingers on the table.
“Even our bulls had language, so I would imagine he did.” She replied.
“He?”
“Yes, his pelvic region would not allow the passage of offspring. So, it is a male skeleton.” The doctor showed the pelvis. “A bull also has horns.”
Richards looked the pelvis over. “What can you tell me about the kind of air he breathed?”
“From the examination of the cells in the bone, there is still some evidence of air like our own.” Dr. Collins changed the computer screen to a cellular view. “There was no adaptive device brought with him, at least none was found with him. So, he might not have needed one, although the oxygen concentration in the bone is higher than that of humans. This leads me to believe that he would have been somewhat short of breath while he was onboard the USS Washington.”
Richards looked from the screen to the doctor. “Now, that would give us an advantage. We could outlast them in a physical battle in low oxygen atmospheres.”
“The enhanced Soldiers and Marines would have a greater advantage since you are adapted to hostile environments.” The doctor added.
“Could you reduce the oxygen levels on the USS Washington and get us used to thinner air?” The general looked at the screen again and studied it as he leaned on the counter.
“Yes, I can do that slowly, so the people wouldn’t notice it. However, we do have people on oxygen here. They would need more oxygen. What are you getting at?” The doctor leaned on the counter next to him.
“If they need high oxygen, we give them a low oxygen atmosphere; we could have an even greater advantage over them. Since the creatures have been here before, they would be expecting levels near their own. They would not be ready for low oxygen and would be easier to handle.” The general stood up straight.
“Alright, I’ll get it done and gradually lower the oxygen.” The doctor pushed off from the counter. “I’ll get the other ships to do the same. It wouldn’t be a lot, because prolonged exposure to low oxygen would cause brain cells to die. But, this will give us an advantage, especially the enhanced troops.”
“How much of an advantage our enhancements are is yet to be seen.” Richards looked over the skeleton again. “We know we are not alone in the universe. We don’t know what other creatures are out here. We may end up at the bottom of the food chain instead of the top. What other weakness does this creature have?”
“Because they have not yet fully evolved to an erect species, they will need to go on all fours part of the time. They also are unstable on their hind legs.” Dr. Collins continued to explain the weaknesses. “If you can keep them off balanced, you should be able to overcome them easily.”
“But if they are in their ships, we can’t use that advantage.” Richards pointed out. “We will have to draw them out. I would imagine they would not want people to know they must spend time on all fours.”
“Yes, sir, that would make them appear weak.” Holtz put her hands on the edge of the table.
“Alright, if there is nothing else, I need to get back to the bridge.” Richards started to back away from the table.
“Sorry, it is not much, but it is a start.” Dr. Collins followed him with her eyes. “I need a live subject to give you more about them.”
“Let’s hope we never meet them.” Richards turned to leave.
The staff came back to continue their examinations. Collins led the session.
A doctor picked up a long bone and fit it into the shoulder space. “Dr. Collins, this bone’s location would not allow a full range of motion like humans.”
Dr. Collins came to look at the shoulder and upper extremity. “Like our bulls were on earth. They set close together and don’t give much space for grabbing things. They can only fight like a bull; charge and gore.”
“Except they have weapons we don’t.” Holtz looked over the remains again.
“Humans have always managed to survive.” Another doctor walked up to the table and stood opposite Dr. Collins. “Check the bone density, we may have another problem.”
Dr. Collins went to the screen that showed the cellular view of the bones. Then she checked the bone density figures and double checked. “They have much more dense bone mass than our bulls did. However, that does not necessarily mean their bones are stronger than ours. We get our bone strength from the many holes in the bone structure. They allow the bones to breathe and the blood to pass into the bloodstream from the bone marrow.”
“Or does the lack of holes give even more strength?” Another doctor stood his ground.
“Out here anything is possible.” Dr. Collins went back to the previous view and walked back to the table. “Any other findings, people? We need to find their weaknesses and strengths. We need them quickly.”
The people buckled down to find hidden secrets. They spread out to all the screens and parts of the skeleton. Dr. Collins even had the computer scan the remains and analyze the bones.

Contents



CHAPTER 7 The Encounter

As Richards entered the bridge, the battle stations’ alarms began to blare. The crew jumped into action. Rocky was at the armory, while Samson was at the communications station. The helmsman was at his station in front of the command chair and the main screen. Captain Russell sat in a chair next to the command chair. Several other stations lined the wall behind him. Several large troops, not enhanced, operated the other stations.
“What’s the situation?” Richards stood before his command chair.
“An alien craft is approaching, sir.” Rocky scanned the screens at the armory station.
“What’s its ETA?” Richards walked toward Rocky.
“Less than five mics, sir.” Rocky glanced at him.
“Put it on the main screen.” Richards stopped and turned toward the main screen.
The image of an alien craft appeared on the main screen. It was a sizeable half-saucer shape with its flat side toward the humans and was a dull gray with multi-colored lights. Its hull bore strange markings of unknown designs. The vessel did not seem to be in any rush to reach humans.
“Perhaps they still think we’re dead in the water.” Samson looked at Richards from the communications station.
“Perhaps.” Richards returned to his command chair. “Let’s let them think that. Turn off the battle stations.” Richards presses the intercom button on his command chair. “This is General Richards. Everyone, stay at your stations and keep the children in the secured areas. We have visitors in the area. Keep vigilant for any intruders.”
“We are getting reports of people disappearing.” Captain Russell looked at his screen in front of his chair next to Richards.
Before Richards could say anything, he, Samson, Rocky, and several other large crewmembers all vanished as well.
Richards and the other humans found themselves surrounded by walls of light with containers of assorted sizes stacked around the room marked with strange markings. The humans wore uniforms of different services from different nations. Several of them spoke in different languages. Richards looked around at all the people. They were all male and more massive than the average male though not all had enhancements; however, they each had a well-developed body.
The general went to the wall in front of him and lightly touched it. Nothing happened. So, he pressed harder and found his hand pushed the wall out. Then the wall forced his hand back with great force.
He pulled his hand away. “I guess we can’t just walk out of here, but every cell has its vulnerability. We’ll just have to check these walls for theirs.”
The men spread out around the cell and felt for something they could use to get out. Samson looked up at the ceiling and noticed something odd.
Three aliens entered the cargo hold. The three had the head of a bull with horns and a body like a bull that stood upright. They wore metal-meshed uniforms and were much taller than humans. They came to the cell and used a small, black box to form the door. One stepped in as the other two stood guard with unique weapons. The one alien walked up to Richards. He reached up to Richards's collar and ripped his shirt off him. Then he looked Richards over. He felt Richards’s massive arms. Then he checked Richards’s legs. The alien grabbed the waistband of Richards’s pants and then ripped them off him. They tore easily because there was no belt. Richards stood before the alien in just his low-rise briefs. He turned Richards’s head from side to side, opened his mouth, and checked his teeth. The alien moved on to other enhanced troops.
“Don’t resist.” Richards watched the alien go to the others. “They seem to be checking our health.”
The alien continued to do to the troops what he did to Richards. By the time the alien left the cage, all of them had stood in just their low-rise briefs. The forces stood about as if ready for a show. A few started to pose.
“That’ll be enough!” Richards scolded them and they stopped.
 The alien left the cell. After he stepped out and closed the doorway, the aliens discussed their captives. They talked in strange moos with snorts and grunts. They moved their heads and stretched their necks as this seemed to add to the oral language. Then they left the room.
Richards went to the wall and looked it over again.
Samson came to him. “Sir, look up.” He pointed to the ceiling. “That may be our way out, sir.”
The general looked up and saw the lights. “Well, I’ll be. Get some guys up there and see if we can take out those lights.”
“Yes, sir!” Samson turned and chose his men. He explained to them what they had to do.
They paired up with one enhanced and one regular trooper. The enhanced picked up the normals and lifted them to the ceiling. The regulars looked the lights over and then started to unscrew them. The projectors went out and these left holes in the walls.
“Let’s go!” Richards led them out of the cell.
The troops stepped out and screwed the lights back in place. The enhanced let the normals down and they went to the general.
 Once out he looked around the cargo hold. He turned and motioned the others to come.
As they went to the back of the cargo hold, many aliens met them. More aliens came from the rear.
“Fun time is here!” Richards took up a fighting stance.
The enhanced troops surrounded the normals and took a stance ready for a fight. However, regular troops did not stay put. They came forward prepared for a battle, too.
“Remember, their tailbone is their weakness.” The general kept an eye on the aliens. “They are not very stable on their hind legs.” Richards looked around for something to use to assist him in the fight, but there was nothing.
The troops moved out to form a circle. As they did, the aliens came closer. Some of the bulls had metal rods. The humans stopped and awaited the captures. The aliens walked up to them.
The alien leader stepped up to Richards and swung his baton at the general who grabbed the alien’s wrist. Richards pulled him off balance. Then he pulled the alien down toward the floor and around. The alien fell quickly to the floor. But, the alien jumped back up. The bull pulled his hand free.
“Alright.” Richards tried to mislead the alien with his eyes. “Test the waters. You can easily take them off balance, but they are compensating! They are almost as strong as we are. Be careful of these demons!”
The aliens swung their batons. The troops avoided them. Samson charged two of them and took down one with each massive arm. They were not ready for his power and hit the floor hard. One was unconscious. The other fought to get away, but Samson wouldn't let go. He put his hand on the alien’s throat and squeezed. The alien struggled for air, but in a few moments, he was unconscious. Samson stood again.
Samson and Rocky took an alien by the feet and arms. They used the bull like a jump rope. They swung him as they caught several aliens and knocked them to the floor. The two turned and knocked several others off their hooves.
The regular troops fought as well. They had to compete in pairs. Two ganged up on one bull and rolled into the bull's hooves. The Soldiers knocked the creature down like a bowling pin. Then they took his baton and one struck his tailbone as he broke it. The bull’s legs stopped when the one with the pipe hit him with it. The beast mooed in pain.
Two more normals picked up a bull with their combined strength and rolled him backward, however, he was too heavy for them. He landed on his back but did not injure his tailbone. So, before he could stand, the two pounced on his tailbone. The beast mooed in great pain. They grabbed his baton and stuck it in his eyes. The one pressed the button and the bull cried out again in pain. He rolled and the two fell off him.
Several other troops knocked the aliens out. But as they did, more of them rushed in from both sides of the cargo hold. They became too numerous for humans to handle. The aliens started to use the rods as stun rods. Still, it took the aliens a long time to get the humans under control.
With the humans under control, the aliens returned them to the cell. All went back except for Richards. They took him out of the cargo hold.
The aliens dragged Richards through the corridors. They took him to a room, threw him in it, and lock the door. All the room had was a bail of straw.
The general stood, looked around, and went to the door. He looked out the window in both directions and saw no one. The Marine took the door handle and tried to turn it, however, it came off in his hand. Richards looked at the hinges, grabbed the top joint, and peeled it off. He did the same with the other two.
With the hinges off, Richards pulled the heavy door out of the way and leaned it against a wall. He took off his shoes and socks. Mike held the footwear as if to use them as weapons. Then the general stepped out and retraced his steps back to the cargo hold. But on the way, aliens chased him. Richards ran through the corridors as he dodged the bulls. They were not able to keep pursuit. After a long chase, an alien raised his pistol and fired. A bubble that looked like water hit Richards in the back. The general hit the floor hard. His body slid to a stop against the wall of another corridor, the bull came to him and released the bubble that engulfed him. Two other beasts came and dragged him away.
Richards woke up in another room. This time there were guards inside the room. They each held a strange weapon that looked like a child’s toy. The guards stood ready for any action. As the general stood, the aliens prepared to shoot again. He walked to the bail of straw and sat.
Richards put his hands on the straw. He slowly grabbed some of the straw. The general tested the bundle. Unfortunately, not enough straw came with the pull. The Marine stood and faced the bunch. He grabbed each of the wires that held the straw together. Richards lifted the bail with ease. The general acted like he was about to do exercises. The aliens watched with curiosity. Richards swung it at the aliens and caught the guards off guard. They tried to fire their weapons, but the bail was in the way.
After the general knocked out the aliens, Richards stepped out of the room while he carried two guns. He traced his way back to the cargo hold. On the way, the general came to an alien. He shot the bull in the back which caused it to fall in an energy bubble. Richards tried to take his gun. However, the general could not get the weapon out of the balloon. He continued toward the cargo hold.
The general found guards outside the cargo hold. He aimed at the guards and shot them. Richards opened the door only to have an alien shoot him. He kicked the general in the side and took the weapons he had dropped from him. Two more aliens came and picked up Richards.
This time the general woke in his room with no bail or anything else he could use. He looked around the room. There was nothing. Richards happened to look up and saw the vent in the ceiling. He jumped up and knocked the vent grid into the vent shaft. The general jumped again, caught the edge of the vent hole, and swung himself up with a kip-up into the air duct. He replaced the grid and followed the conduit back to the cargo hold.
When he reached the cargo hold and looked down at the cell. It was a short distance to reach the projectors of the wall. He removed the grid and reached out to the bulbs and unscrewed two of them which made enough room for the troops to exit the cell. He dropped to the floor and followed.
“Let’s go!” Richards looked around for any cameras.
He led the men to the back of the room where they found two large doors. Samson pulled the cover off the control panel. Then he pulled out some wires and touched them together. The doors opened part way, so the enhanced troops pushed them open. The people hurried out.
Outside the room, they followed a corridor. The troops looked for some indication of a shuttle bay. On the way, they found more aliens. These aliens were more massive than the others and stood guard at large double doors. The aliens mooed and snorted to each other.
The ship started to shake, and everyone fell. Then some moos came over the loudspeaker. The guards left their posts and headed down another corridor. Richards and the rest went to the unprotected doors. Samson peeled off the cover to the keypad. He touched the wires together and the doors popped partway open. The enhanced troops pushed the doors open.
The troops flooded into a shuttle bay where there was no one. The humans rushed to the small spacecraft. The enhanced soldiers took the pilot seats while others huddled in the back. Richards got into one of the ships. He found the control panel. The symbols confused him, but he figured them out by trial and error. 
As they lifted off the floor, the aliens entered the bay and started to shoot. The general found the weapons and fired back at them as aliens dodged the rays. Other spacecraft joined in the firefight. As the aliens backed out of the room, Richards hit the control panel with a beam. It shut the door and sparks flew. 
With the aliens gone, Richards turned his attention to the bay doors. He found the button to open the doors. But, the aliens closed the gates quickly. The general pressed the button again and held it. The doors open and shut repeatedly. Richards flew out when the doors were still open.
Outside, he waited for the other craft. In the meantime, the general searched for an individual channel and called the USS Washington.
“Washington, this is Richards.” He pressed a com button.
“This is the USS Washington.” Mitchell’s voice came over the speaker.
“We have taken over several spacecraft. Don’t fire at us.” The general watched as the humans escaped.
“Understood.” Mitchell’s voice came over the speaker again.
With the last of the craft out, Richards shot a beam at the closed doors. He welded the doors shut. Then he led the shuttles to the USS Washington. There they entered the bay. Some of the fighters went to the other ships.

Contents



CHAPTER 8 The Promise

As Richards returned to the bridge, Captain Mitchell stood and turned to him. The general came to the command chair and stopped. Rocky followed him in and went to his station. The general looked around.
“Where’s Samson?” He looked at Rocky.
“I haven’t seen him, sir.” Rocky logged into his station. “Is he taking the others to their ships, sir?”
“Sergeant Hawk, check with the other ships to see if they have seen Samson.” Richards walked to the man. He looked at him strangely and then looked at himself. “Then we need to get in uniform.”
“Yes, sir!” Hawk pressed some buttons. He watched the screen. “No one has seen him, sir.” He looked at the general.
“Samson, where are you?” Richards put his hands on his hips.
Frantically, Samson pressed buttons to try to open the hangar doors. However, nothing happened. The buttons did everything but open the doors. 
The aliens made it into the hangar and opened fire on the craft. They surrounded it.
“Oh, this is a perfect way to end a perfect day.” Samson looked out the side window. “And to think I was off duty in just one hour.”
Some of the aliens rolled in a large weapon and pointed it at the spacecraft. Samson’s eyes enlarged.
“Why do dreadful things have to happen at the end of the shift?” Samson turned his attention back to the control panel. “I just want to go home. Is that too much to ask?”
There was a loud explosion, and everything went dark.
He woke in a cell and no way to reach the lights above. Samson looked himself over and saw he did not have his briefs. O’Connor stood and looked around his cell. The sergeant went to the wall, then some aliens entered the room.
The bulls stood just outside the cell. One opened a doorway in the wall and entered the cell, while the other two held their weapons ready. The lone one had a tray of grains and grasses. On top was what looked like a bag of water. The guard set it on the floor in front of Samson.
“Where are my briefs?” O’Connor motioned the briefs over his hips.
The bull looked confused and mooed.
O’Connor reached for his weapon and shot the two guards through the doorway in the wall. It caught them in bubbles of light. He then put an arm around the throat of the guard with him.
“This is going to sound corny.” Samson made the guard stand. “Take me to your leader.”
The guard stood which made him too tall for the sergeant to keep his hold on the bull.
“This is not going to work.” Samson shot the bull.
 When O’Connor left the cell, he noticed a rag on the counter by the door. He picked it up and inspected it. It wasn’t huge, but Samson made a covering for himself. It did not fit very well. However, it covered him some. He left the room.
The sergeant went down a corridor as he clacked. Samson stopped, looked down, and noticed he still had his shoes on. O’Connor removed them and carried them as he continued his search. The sergeant went to a door with a strange symbol on it and put an ear to it.
There were many sounds in the room. When Samson stood, the door opened, and the man entered swiftly. Inside, Samson hid behind some computers. He watched the aliens as they worked at many stations. In the center of the room, sat a bull. There was someone on the screen who had a crown on his head. He mooed and made other sounds as he moved his head around.
When he stopped, the one seated on the ship began his discourse. A video of the humans in the cell appeared on the screen. As it played, the royal showed in a split screen. The two bulls discussed the video. But, Samson couldn't understand them. The video stopped, and the royal was alone on the screen again.
Another bull came to the one seated and said something. The one seated became upset and motioned to some other beasts as it mooed.
A herd of bulls that looked like Brahma bulls complete with the hump on their backs ran out on all fours as they mooed.
O’Connor kept out of sight. He remembered what the general said when the guard checked them over in the cell.
They are going to enslave us.  O’Connor thought. Samson looked over the computer he was near. It was full of buttons and lights that danced. O’Connor found a headset, but it was too big. So, the sergeant listened on one earpiece.
“Anyone see Master Gunnery Sergeant O’Connor?” Sergeant Hawk’s voice came through. Then Samson heard moos and other sounds.
“We have not seen him.” A woman with a Finnish accent came back. Then there were more moos and other sounds.
They’re learning our language. O’Connor thought as he tried to determine the buttons. Okay, O’Connor, do your thing. We must stop these beasts. He pressed some buttons and the sound of the royal came back. Samson started to push others. 
“I hope you can live up to your promise, Mootoomoo.” The royal’s voice came through the earpiece. “Your life depends on it. I do not accept failure.”
He promised us as slaves. Samson went to another audio bite.
“There are many ships with these creatures. They will be perfect for mining Bohina.” The bull’s voice came through. “Bohina will be the richest planet in the empire. You’ll see, My Lord.”
Samson felt a sting in his hip and the next thing he knew he was back in the cell again. His tray of food was still on the floor. O’Connor went to the food and sat Indian-style to eat what he could of it.
The sergeant took a handful of the dark grain as it tasted surprisingly sweet. He tried the white grain which had a hint of unsweetened chocolate. Samson mixed the two as He savored it in his mouth as he chewed. It seemed to be like chocolate candy. So, he ate it until it was all gone.
Next, he tried the water. But, O’Connor quickly spat it out. “It’s like liquid plastic!” There was no semblance to earth’s water. “Ah! Where did they get that stuff?” Samson closed the bag and set it aside.
The sergeant laid on the floor and went to sleep. As he slept, the guards returned. Two entered the cell with weapons drawn as one reached for the tray with his free hand. Samson rolled toward them quickly. The other guard shot him which enclosed Samson in an energy bubble. They left the water and exited the cell.
O’Connor grunted as he tried to move. The sergeant stopped for a moment and caught his breath. With all the strength he could muster stretched his arms and legs. The bubble sparked and stretched. Then it snapped back till Samson was all crunched into a ball. Then he rolled to the wall of the cell and stretched out again. This caused more sparks. The cell wall began to spark as well. O’Connor stretched as fast as he could. There was a boom and a flash as sparks ran up the wall and hit the light which caused it to explode. When the fireworks were over, he was free from the bubble, and there was a hole in the wall.
Samson stood and went through the hole sideways and stopped at the door. He looked around to see what he could use. There was nothing in the room. After the sergeant put an ear to the door, he pressed against it and tried to slide it open. It would not budge. O’Connor took a step back and then with all his might he punched the door. It left a dent in the door with an imprint of his fist. The sergeant let out a holler and hit the door again. The indent went further, and the door bent out of its track. But the door still blocked his path. He punched it a third time and it flew across the hall.
The sergeant went out into the corridor and traced his way back to the bridge. When he reached the right hallway, there were armed guards outside the bridge door. As the human looked around the junction, he spotted a bar across what looked like a firehose. O’Connor broke the bar from its place and returned to his position. After he checked down the hall, the man bent the bar into a circle. Then Samson rolled it down the corridor and ran back the way he came.
The guards watched it come their way. It fell over and the guards went to see who sent it.
As they did, O’Connor came around the opposite corner and stepped inside the door.
Inside the bridge, Samson hid beside the computer that studied English. He put the earpiece in again and listened to the transmissions. 
He found a way to translate their language into English. The sergeant listened to the new alien transmissions.
“Bring the aliens to Bohina.” One transmission sounded. “We will test them to see how strong they really are.”
“Yes, My Lord.” Another voice came over the earpiece. “It will take us about three years to reach you, My Lord.”
“See to it you do not delay.” The royal replied. “You fail, you die!”
The transmission terminated. “Yes, My Lord.” The bull sounded as if he spoke under his breath.
Samson found another transmission. “Bring me the alien!”
“Moooooooo, as the great Moooo lives.” The other bull replied.
“He is gone, Mootoomoo!” A voice shouted over the system.
“Well, look for him!” The commander shouted back.
O’Connor looked around for a place to hide. However, he was too big for any of the slots. As the Marine tried to make room, O’Connor felt a weapon behind his right ear. He froze in place.
The alien spoke another language. Samson could not understand the new speech. But, he assumed the idea was “Get up.” The sergeant stood and went with the bulls.
They took him to the head bull as he sat in his command chair in the middle of the bridge. The beast looked up at Samson as he approached. 
“I will attempt to speak your language with the help of Moooo.” The leader motioned the bulls to step around in front of him. “You will be taken to our homeworld, Bohina. There you will serve Bohina in the Gyogite mines. You will be the first of your breed to serve. We will draw the others to us. Now, to the matter of how you escaped the moo snort. No one has ever done this. How?”
Samson stood silently. He looked around at the bulls.
“Answer the question!” The leader pounded his fist on the arm of his chair.
O’Connor looked at him and remained silent.
The commander stood and came to stand in front of the human. He glared down at him. “Can the animal speak?”
“Perhaps not, Mootoomoo.” A bull next to the commander stepped forward. “It’s all a parlor trick when he does speak.”
“I can speak, Animals.” The sergeant put his hands at his waist. “I just won’t give you the answers you want.”
“Why do you wear that rag?” The commander pointed at it. “Animals don’t wear clothes.”
“I am not an animal. I am a person just like you.” Samson crossed his arms.
“Take it off him!” The lead bull motioned.
A bull behind O’Connor tore the rag off him. The sergeant stood with arms crossed and glared at the commander.
The commander went back to his chair and stood. “Let’s see how strong you are.” He looked at the human. “Lift one bull over your head.”
Samson looked around, stepped between two bulls, and lifted one beast in each hand above his head. He held them there.
“Put them down, now.” The commander motioned him to lower them as he thought.
The sergeant put them down hard so that they landed on their tailbone and could not move. Others dragged them away.
“Bring in the Gyogite!”
Several of the bulls went to comply with the command. When they returned, they had two gigantic boulders on air-cushioned platforms. They stopped in front of Samson.
O’Connor stepped forward and grabbed the first boulder. He lifted it with one hand. As he balanced it, Samson lifted the second boulder with his other hand. The sergeant stood with his feet apart and the rocks overhead. O’Connor lowered the stones and raised them in a repeated motion. He did several reps. Then without warning, he heaved the boulders at the commander.
The commander leaped out of the way while the boulders brushed his fur and crushed his chair. Samson picked up his rag and put back on again. The commander lowered his head and charged him. Samson threw him a punch that landed on the bull’s forehead. The beast staggered. Then he went down unconscious. The other bulls went to his aid.
With the bulls preoccupied, O’Connor slipped out of the room. As he went down the corridor, he had to hide from several beasts. After they passed, he continued down the hall.
He came to a door with a strange mark. It was different from the symbol on the entrance to the bridge. He listened to the door and then slid the door open when it would not open on its own. Inside, he found banks of weapons of various kinds. He grabbed a large rifle and two handguns.
He looked around the armory and found explosives. They were metal balls in a container with a fuse. Samson ran around as he planted the bombs among the many weapons. The sergeant tied long fuses to connect the explosives together. Then he began to shoot the fuses with his rifle. This lit the fuses and he ran to the door. But, there were bulls about to enter.
O’Connor turned up the power on the rifle and the handguns. He stuck the pistols down his rag and prepared for an encounter. When the door opened, he shot the bulls. They all vaporized. Samson ran to the doorway and checked both directions. He ran out to the left. As he left, the room exploded in a succession of explosions.
Samson ran down the corridor as the alarms blared. He checked every door to find one room that could hide him. The sergeant checked every symbol on the doors. O’Connor found a floor plan and reviewed the characters on display. He discovered his location those of other armories then the sergeant headed for them.
After he had blown up as many armories he could, Samson headed toward a hanger. The corridors were full of bulls who ran here and there to their duty stations. As the halls cleared, he made his way to the bay.
He entered the hanger and ran toward a shuttle. Before he could reach it, everything went black. He woke in a cell with several guards by the door. Samson noticed his rag and weapons were gone. O’Connor stood and went to the wall nearest the guards.
“What’s the problem with my rag?” Samson scowled at the guards.
“Animals don’t need clothes!” One bull nearest him replied. “You will lead the others to us.” The bulls mooed together as if in a chorus.
I’m asking for comp time! He thought.

Contents



CHAPTER 9 Dradik

The earth ships were on their way back to course. Russell and Richards watched the screens. The captain pointed to the rearview monitor. The general came to him and looked at the screen.
“What is it?” He stopped next to Russell and peered at the screen.
“I saw some lights moving, sir.” The captain moved closer and pointed at an area of the screen. “They were bright lights and very large. It looked like a line of stars.”
“You think they may be ships?” General Richards studied the screen.
“Aye, sir.” Russell glanced up at him. “They looked like they were coming this way. But, now I don’t see them, sir.” He looked back at the screen.
The general went to the armory station. “Do you show anything on the radar?”
“I show nothing, sir.” Rocky scanned his radar. “Wait a sec!” He stopped and pointed at a corner of the screen. “There was just a bleep on the screen and then nothing.”
“So, something is out there. We just don’t know what.” Richards looked at the radar. “Perhaps our radar can’t detect some kinds of ships.”
“That’s possible, sir.” Rocky took a quick glance at him. He kept watch on the radar.
“The lights are back, sir.” Russell looked at his screen.
"Put the aft view on the main screen." Richards walked toward the main screen.
The aft view appeared on the main screen with many lights on the display. They formed a wedge as the lights moved in very quickly. As they came closer, they became much more substantial.
“Do not fear.” A man’s voice came over the intercom. “We are not your enemies.”
All human ships stopped. Richards looked around. “Why have we stopped?”
“Unknown, sir.” Rocky scanned his radar and other screens.
“Our engines seem to be disengaged, sir” The helmsman looked up at the general.
The lights continued to grow larger.
“Anything on the radar?” Richards looked back at Rocky.
“Nothing, sir.” He looked confused. “It’s as if they just absorb our signal.”
“You are correct.” The man’s voice came over the com again. “We are coming to assist you.”
“Who are you and how do you know English?” Richards stepped toward the main screen.
“I am Dradik of the Bukka.” The male voice sounded cheerful. “We come to assist you.”
“Sorry, if we seem hesitant to accept your help.” Richards stopped and put his hands on his hips. “But, we already had a run in with a bad species.”
“Yes, the Bohinan are a nasty lot.” Dradik’s voice came back.
“It would help if we could see you.” Richards looked over at Samson’s replacement, who shook her head.
An elderly, long-haired man with a beard, dressed in a long silver robe appeared on the bridge next to Richards. “Is this better?” Dradik held up his left hand.
Richards looked at him. “Yes, how did you do that?”
“Our technology is over a thousand years more advanced than yours.” Dradik put his hand down. “As to how I was to appear on your bridge, that is classified.”
“You say you are here to help us.” Richards turned to him. “How do you plan to do that?”
“Your engines are unable to get you to your supplies in time.” Dradik folded his hands in front of him. “We will take you and your ships to a space station, the nearest place with supplies you would need.”
“That sounds great.” Richards crossed his arms. “But, how can we know we can trust you?”
“For the moment, you will just have to take my word.” Dradik pointed a finger into the air to emphasize his point. “I assure you we mean you no harm.”
“Very well.” Richards let his hands down. “What do you want us to do?”
“We will take four of your ships in each one of our ships.” Dradik continued to emphasize his point. “There is nothing you need to do. Just do not alter course. Even at our speed, it will take a week to reach the station.”
Dradik vanished.
“Sutherland notify the other ships what is to happen.” Richards turned to Sutherland.
“Yes, sir!” Sutherland pressed the button on her console.
Richards watched the balls of light get steadily closer and seemed to grow as they approached. Richards pressed the intercom button. “Dradik, we’re going to collide.”
“No, please stay calm.” Dradik’s voice came over the intercom.
The glowing ships filled the screen.
Richards started to pace in front of the screen. “Dradik, where’s the door?”
“General, please remain calm; everything is under control. We will not collide.” Dradik’s voice came again.
Soon, the bridge began to glow. A glowing wall passed through the ship. 
“General, we’re getting reports that this glowing wall is passing through the entire ship.” Russell scanned his screen.
 “All ships are reporting the same event,” Sutherland observed her console’s messages.
“Tell them to sit tight.” Richards looked back at her. “We are going to a space station.”
“General, Jacob is calling in for you.” Sutherland looked up from her console.
Richards went to the communications station. He pressed the intercom button. “Yes, what is it, Jacob?”
“Daddy, what’s happening?” Jacob’s voice came over the intercom.
“An alien ship is taking us to a space station. Things will look strange for a week while we travel.” Richards tried to reassure his son.
“Can you come home?” Jacob’s voice turned troubled.
“No, you’re alright, Jacob.” Richards looked up at Sutherland. “I need to monitor things here. I’ll have Martha come stay with you. Just stay at home till she gets there.”
Richards presses the intercom button twice. On the second time, a woman’s voice answers the call.
“Hello, Martha?” Richards heard a click. “This is General Richards. Can you, please, go to my quarters and stay with the boys? This ship is scaring them.”
“Sure, I’m on my way.” Martha’s voice sounded over the intercom.
“Thank you, Richards out.” Richards pressed the button again.
“Sir, if I may, why don’t you go stay with your boys?” Russell stood. “We can handle things up here.”
“Dradik might return.” Richards turned to him.
“We can call you if that happens, sir.” Russell turned his screen away.
“Very well,” Richards started out. “I’ll be around.”
Richards left the bridge.

Contents



CHAPTER 10 So It Starts Again

Richards slept on a full-sized bed. His covers were in a pile and his feet wrapped in the blankets. He tossed and turned. The sounds of gunfire came and went. There were sounds of planes as they flew overhead.
He appeared in a jungle, the leaves covered with volcanic ash. Marines had protective clothing with gloves and boot covers. They wore gas masks. A hose led from the hood to an oxygen tank they carried on their backs which were on top of the regular backpacks. They squatted down just outside a jungle village. They looked over the landscape. Bodies spread out over the ground covered with open wounds.
He motioned them to move into the village. They searched through the town with weapons drawn. Nothing seemed to be alive even the animals were dead. One of the Marines stopped.
“You hear that?” The Marine looked around with his weapon.
Everyone stopped. The forces listened to a faint cry from one of the huts.
“Someone is still alive.” Richards led his team toward the sound. It grew louder as they approached.
They entered a damaged bamboo hut. There the Marines found a toddler as he cried over his mother. Richards went to the child and checked over its body. There were no signs of open wounds. Just before Richards picked up the child, a bullet zinged past him, and the child dropped dead.
Richards looked up at his men quickly. One man still had his weapon pointed at the child.
“What the hell was that for?” Richards looked at him. “That child had immunity. We are on a rescue mission! You don’t shoot survivors!”
“He could still be carrying the plague, sir.” The man lowered his weapon.
“You leave that decision to me!” Richards went to the man. “I’m the one in charge!” Richards stood in front of the man and took his weapon. “Take him over to a tree and tie him up.” Richards glared at the other men with him.
“Sir, I had to do it!” The man pleaded as two other men grabbed the man and took him to a tree.
“Well, I have to do this.” Richards turned toward the child’s body.
The two men tied him to the tree.
“Sir, I had to do it!” The man pleaded again. “I had orders not to bring anyone back.”
“Who ordered that?” Richards walked up to the man.
“General Fitzgerald, sir.” The man looked worried as he closed his eyes.
“Well, I have to do this.” Richards motioned the men to step back.
The men stood back as Richards raised his weapon and shot the man between the eyes. The man hung limp.
“Anybody else who wants to disobey my orders will get it, too!” Richards shouted as he turned and looked at the other men on his team.
“No, sir!” The men came to attention.
“Then let’s go. There’s another village up the road.” Richards led the men out of the village.
Richards tossed and turned in his bed. It became more intense and he quickly sat up. The general sat on the edge of his bed. He looked out the window and only saw the glow of the Bukka ship. He glanced toward the clock above his bed. It read “0545.” The general stood and went to his closet. He pulled out a clean set of clothes identical to what he wore every day. He took some briefs from the drawer in the closet and went to the lavatory. 
In the lavatory, he laid things out to prepare for his shower. But, before he stepped in, the intercom buzzed.
 “Somebody get that!” Richards shouted as he hurriedly prepared to shower. 
The intercom buzzed again.
Richards exited the lavatory with just a towel in front of him and went to the intercom.
“Hello?” Richards wrapped the towel around his waist.
“This is Abdas, the Israeli rep.” A man’s voice came over the intercom. “May I speak with you about getting our troops genetically enhanced as yours are?”
“Sure, I was thinking about enhancing everyone’s troops.” Richards tied the towel in place. “I already started the process to produce the serum.”
“That is great!” Abdas’s voice sounded cheerful. “When can we meet to discuss it?”
“Get everyone on a conference call at 0900. We’ll discuss it with all.” Richards reached up to the intercom.
“Thank you, sir.” A click followed Abdas’s voice.
Richards pressed the button again and went to the boys’ room. He turned on the light.
“Okay, boys, it’s time to get up and get ready for a new day.” The general looked at them.
Jonathan dragged himself out of bed and went for his clothes. He headed off for the lavatory barely awake.
Richards walked into the room and went to Jacob’s bed. “Come on, Tiger! It’s time to get up!” He picked up Jacob. He carried Jacob out to the chairs in the sitting room. “When Jonathan finishes, I want you to go in and take a shower.”
Jacob curled up on the chair.
Richards sighed. He went back into the boys’ room and came out with Jacob’s clothes. He put them on the table next to Jacob.
Soon, Jonathan came out as he combed his wet hair. He wore his ship’s uniform.
“Okay, Tiger!” Richards turned to Jacob. “It’s your turn! Go take a shower and make sure you get behind the ears!”
“Daddy, I’m dis many.” He showed four fingers. “How can I take a shower?”
“Go get ready and I’ll be in to show you how to do it.” The general sent him off.
Jacob stood and took his clothes and headed for the lavatory. Richards waited for a few minutes. Then he followed his son.
Richards’s voice came from the lavatory as he helped Jacob into the shower. “Jacob! Use the water!” The sound of running water started to come through the door. “And get in the water!” The water sounded different. “Use lots of soap!”
“Ah! I got someting in my eyes!” Jacob screamed and started to cry.
“Let the water run over your face. It will get the soap out of your eyes.” Suddenly, Richards sounded light-hearted. “Hey! Don’t take my towel!” He chuckled. “Now, it’s all wet.”
“Daddy, where my towel?” The sound of the water changed.
“I need it now. You got mine wet.”
Soon Jacob came out of the lavatory in his uniform. Richards came out with the towel the only thing on again.
“Where’s your comb?” Richards looked down at his son.
Jacob pulled a comb almost as big as he was out of his back pocket and combed his wet hair.
“Now, go make your bed!” Richards turned toward the lavatory. “I need to finish getting ready.” Richards went back into the lavatory.
Later, Richards came out of the lavatory dressed in his Marine Service “C” uniform and shaved. The intercom buzzed. Richards went to the intercom and pressed the button. “Yes, this is Richards.” He stood by the intercom and looked toward the boys’ room.
“Sir, this is Mitchell.” A male voice came over the intercom. “I need to talk to you about setting up the law enforcement system for the ships, sir.”
“Okay, let’s do it at noon.” Richards leaned toward the boys’ room. “I need to discuss it with our foreign ships too. They may not like Americans patrolling their ships. I’m meeting with their reps at 0900 to discuss enhancing their military.”
“Are you sure about that, sir?” Mitchell’s voice sounded concerned.
“Yes, we are to be one people, and this would be a good show of living up to that.” Richards sighed as he looked at the boys’ room. “I’m not sure how many would be interested.”
“It’s your call, sir.” Mitchell’s voice calmed.
“See you at noon in my office.” Richards looked back at the intercom.
“Yes, sir!” Mitchell’s voice sounded professional. “Out!”
Richards pressed the button again and went into the boys’ room. He stood in the doorway with his arms crossed. The boys looked at him. “I told you, Boys, to make your beds. Now, do it!”
Richards left to go to his room. The boys started to make their beds.
In Richards’s room, the sounds came back. He covered his ears, but the sounds would not go away. There was a small hand on his hip. The general looked down.
Jacob stood with his hand on his father’s back pocket. “Daddy, you okay?”
“Yes, I just have times of remembering the war.” The general knelt in front of the boy. “You ready to go eat?”
“Yeah! My tummy talks to me.” The boy rubbed his tummy.
“Let’s go get Jonathan and go eat.” He stood as he took his son’s hand.
“Do we have to eat dat suff again?” Jacob looked up at his father.
They walked to the boys’ room. Jonathan was asleep on his half-made bed. Richards picked him up and held him in one arm. Then he picked up Jacob in the other. He carried them out of the compartment as they slept in his arms.
By the time they reached the chamber room, the boys were awake while their father carried them. There was already a line of people who waited for their morning rations.
In the chamber room, the general went to the computer station and carefully entered his code. The walkways went up and revealed the rations stored below. Richards went down to the storage bins and punched in a second code into each container. The doors opened. Then he went to the bottom of the stairs.
He looked up at Rocky and Mitchell who stood at the top. “Okay, start them down!”
The people came down the stairs in an orderly manner. They each took one box of food and one drink. This time there were no problems with people who tried to acquire more.
After the people were through and the rations secured, Richards sat with his boys and ate.
Jacob looked at his food. “Dis again, Daddy? I had des free dimes yedderday.”
“It’s three.” His father held up three fingers. “Three. Say ‘three.’”
“Free.” The boy struggled with his word.
“No, thr … ee.” The general shook his head. “Say ‘yes … ter … day.’”
“Yes … der … day.” Jacob pronounced the word slowly.
“Say ‘tee.’”
“Dee!” Jacob shouted in frustration.
“We’ll have to work on your t’s and th’s.” Richards went back to his meal.
Jacob stared at his meal. His nose slowly wrinkled up as he made an awful face. The boy picked at his spam that had fat on top of it. He picked it off and flicked it into the box.
Jonathan ate his food but left the spam. He looked at his Dad. “When are we going to find some real food, Dad?”
“When we get to the space station, we will be able to find some more food. But I don’t think they will have macaroni and cheese or burgers.” The general made a sandwich out of crackers and a piece of spam.
“What do they have to eat?” Jonathan looked at his father.
“They might have seaweed or bugs.” His father took another bite of his sandwich.
Both boys yelled. “Ugh!!!” Then they made funny faces.
At 0900 hours, Richards was in his office as he watched the many screens of the reps from all the nations with him.
Abdas spoke about his concerns the project was available to the Arab nations. “How can you enhance the Arabs? They are determined to wipe us out!”
“We have as much right to be enhanced as your people!” The Arab rep shouted back. “You only seek to destroy us! We only want to defend our people!”
“I tell you what.” Richards broke in as calmly as he could. “Neither of your people will be enhanced. We will not tolerate another war between you.”
“Israhell has no right to exist! It should not be here!” The Arab rep shouted. “We will not standby and let them be enhanced! You don’t want war … you don’t enhance those Zionists!”
The general put his hands on his head. “Let’s say we enhance Israel, but not the Arabs.”
“That is war!” The Arab rep yelled as he shook his fist.
“That would work out fine, General.” Abdas remained calm.
“I say we don’t enhance Israel.” The German rep interjected.
“That would come from Nazi Germany!” Abdas bellowed.
“We are not Nazis!” The German rep roared back. “That was a dark part of our past. We do not deny it. However, we do not tolerate Nazis today.”
“We will not drum up the past.” Richards glanced at all the reps. “We are to be one new people. Starting out of the ashes like the Phoenix. There must be peace among us, or all our problems will soon follow.”
“There will never be peace if you enhance Israhell!” The Arab rep yelled at he pounded the table before him.
“The Arabs would only use the enhancements to attack Israel! Therefore, they should never be enhanced!” Abdas screamed as he stood and pounded his desk.
The general motioned all to quiet down. “I had hoped that the last war would be the end of hostilities. But, I see it was not. If we fight among ourselves out here, we will not survive. We have already met one hostile species and there are probably many more. We are guests inside the only friendly ships we have encountered. To stay on friendly terms, we must show them we have moved beyond our hostilities toward each other. Let’s put aside our hostilities and live in peace.”
“Never!” The Arab rep yelled. “We will destroy Israhell!” The rep’s image went blank.
“I am sorry for the hostility that still exists. We will still work toward peace.” Abdas sat.
The poorer countries sided with the Arab nations. They voted to enhance them instead of Israel. The more prosperous nations sided with Israel. The final decision was a matter for Richards.
“I say we enhance Israel. They have never been the aggressor. They have sought peace. The Arabs promise war and have been terrorists for thousands of years. While there are hostilities on both sides, Israel is a much smaller nation and needs protection. The nations voting for Israel outnumber those voting for the Arab nations. So, Israel is the one to get enhanced.”
All the nations that voted for the Arab countries terminated their communications signal.
“Computer note all nations who voted for the Arab nations and block them from Project Goliath,” Richards ordered his computer. “The rest of us will receive the briefing on Tuesday. We will go from there.”
The rest nodded and terminated their signals. Richards let out a heavy sigh. Then he looked at his clock. It read “1130.”
He pulled up the law enforcement regulations, the UCMJ, and the general pulled up Marine regulations for Military Police. Richards brought the documents on the three screens of his computer. He reviewed them until there was a knock at the door.
He looked up at the door. “Enter!”
Captain Mitchell entered. He stepped in front of the desk and saluted.
“Sir, Captain Thomas Mitchell reporting as ordered, sir.” He awaited the acknowledgment.
Richards returned the salute. “Have a seat, Captain.”
Mitchell sat.
“Your desire to set up the law enforcement for the ships just became harder.” Richards leaned back in his chair. “The Arab-Israeli conflict is still on. The Arab nations are threatening war, if we enhance any Israeli and Israel is threatening the same, if we enhance the Arabs.”
“What do the other nations say about it, sir?” Mitchell crossed his legs and placed his hands in his lap.
“As history has shown, the poorer countries sided with the Arabs and the richer ones sided with Israel. I made the final decision to enhance Israel and not the Arabs.” The general leaned on the desk. “That caused a stir with the poorer countries. It will be harder to function on their ships.”
“We may have to use some persuasive tactics, sir.” The captain shrugged his shoulders. “So much for starting over a new, sir.”
“Yeah!” The general threw up his hands and brought them back down. “The hatred of Israel goes way back to Ishmael and Isaac. Ishmael was born to Abraham by Hagar, an Egyptian maid, and Isaac was born to him by Sarah, his 90-year-old wife. One was human works and the other was a promised miracle. All Abraham’s possessions went to Isaac, not Ishmael. Israel came from Isaac’s son Jacob, whose name changed to Israel because he wrestled with God. Ishmael fathered the Arabs and has always believed he was the true heir of Abraham, not Isaac. So, he fought against Israel and held a grudge to this day. When Israel returned to the land in 1948 and became a nation again, the Arabs never accepted the nation. So, they never say ‘Israel' they only say ‘Israhell,’ ‘ISSrael,’ or ‘Zionist.’ All the other reasons claimed are just skirmishes down through the centuries. Records show there never was a Palestinian people until after 1948. They never owned the land they claimed. It belonged to another group.”
“There doesn’t seem to be a way to solve such an embedded hatred for one another.” Mitchell put his hands on his head. “What will you do with them, sir? We can’t have the feud out here.”
“For now, I have them on opposite sides of the formation.” Richards looked something up on his computer. “They’re staying apart, but we have to keep an eye on them. Now, about your situation, remember you are in a support status if it does not violate American law. You cannot force US law on anyone, but you don’t get involved in the enforcement of laws violating ours.”
“Yes, sir!” The captain put his hands back down. “I suggest using international patrols, sir. We can get better cooperation from one local officer and one of our enhanced officers. That helps with tensions. It doesn’t look like occupiers, but assisters, sir.”
“Alright, have you coordinated with the foreign leaders?” Richards entered some information into his computer. “I just sent you a message with all their contact info.”
“Thank you, sir.” Mitchell sat straight with his feet on the floor. “Are all enhanced fluent in the language of their ship, sir?”
“Yes, that was the deciding factor on which ship to assign them.” Richards’s system chimed. He glanced at it. “Great! Someone else wants my time today.”
“I should let you go, sir.” The captain stood. “If anything comes up, I’ll contact you, sir.”
They exchanged salutes and Mitchell left as Richards opened the email.

Contents



CHAPTER 11 Enhancement Briefing

Richards entered the gym and walked to the front of several rows of men, some in military uniforms and some in the ship’s uniform. They were of assorted sizes and builds. The general stopped front and center. He looked over the crowd. A muscle-bound, middle-aged Marine marched toward him.
He stopped in front of Richards. “Captain Thomas Mitchell reporting, sir!” Mitchell saluted and Richards returned it. “All ships involved are reporting in, sir.”
“Good, let’s get started.” Richards took a step forward. “I am Major General Michael C. Richards, the leader of the enhanced troops and the human survivors. This meeting is with regards to your interest in having your forces become genetically improved. Most of you watch via our broadcast system. Your interpreters should be in place, if not, you’ll have to deal with English. 
“Let’s begin with the history of the program called ‘Project Goliath.’ It was the code name for the genetic enhancement of our troops during the last war. We used this technique because of the biological weapons used by some nations. The goal was to enhance the immune system and build muscle mass to assist our troops in escaping capture and carrying out their missions.
“I was in the first round of seven people. I was the only one to survive the first five minutes after the first injection. So, it was hazardous at the time. Through the years we have improved the process and although it is still quite dangerous, the survival rate is much better. Also, I did not grow as big as later enhanced troops did.
“Before we can do anything, you must be told and understand that receiving the first injection means you are forever part of our military. You cannot retire or in any other way leave the service. Only death relieves you of your obligations. So, before you take that first injection, make very sure you can live with a lifetime of service. Being in outer space with hostile species will make this a much more dangerous service.
“If you are dreaming of just having big muscles, get that out of your head right now. No one has ever grown as massive as Samson, the exception. Most guys do not grow super big. We normally give the six injections over six years. However, the times as they are now, we cannot wait that long. We will be injecting you once a month which will put great strain on your bodies and minds. Your facial features will also change. You will not look the same even after the first injection. Be ready for massive changes. Therefore, you will undergo psychiatric as well as physical evaluations. You will also have military training of six years in only six months. So, if you can’t take it, step aside now.”
Several men left the formation as Richards motioned for the rest to close ranks. The remaining men moved closer to each other. Richards paced in front of the group. Then he stopped in the center.
“I want each of you to understand what will be expected of you in this crash course.” Richards looked intently at those in front of him. “You will be expected to learn massive amounts of information and get into shape. The serum does not make you huge like you think. It helps, but most of the size comes from demanding work in the gym. The more you work out, the bigger you’ll get. Captain Mitchell, here, is the average size you can expect. But, I want you to shoot for Samson’s size. Let’s see if any of you can match or surpass him. You can do it.
“We have 36 textbooks for you to read in six months. That means you will be reading six books a month and memorizing their contents. You will have an exam over each book with no reviews or days to prepare. You have one month to remember six books. That’s less than a week per book.
“During the day, you will be learning the physical things. That’s eight hours a day and you must keep up with the day’s physical training. No slackers are allowed. We will arrive at the space station shortly so you will be helping in collecting food and water for the ships. Each ship will have its team. You will work diligently and no one will slack off. You will be working alongside enhanced troops. So, be ready to jump in running. You want the enhancements; you have to fight for them. Show me you have what it takes to be an enhanced trooper.
“Now, I will inspect you and see if you have the body type to survive the process.” Richards started to go down each row. He grabbed several by the arm and shook his head.
“You’re not structured to handle the added mass.” He showed the man to end of the line. “You’re dismissed.”
“You’re too out of shape to handle the changes.” He moved him out of line. “Dismissed!”
“But, sir, I can do it.” The man pleaded.
“Sorry, I can’t take the chance with your life.” The general pointed to the end of the line.
He continued as the others left the ranks. The remaining men closed ranks.
“All you bean poles can leave, too.” Richards motioned the skinny men to leave.
These left the gym, too.
“Why do we have to leave, if the goal is to add mass?” Some complained.
Richards moved on and they left. After Richards finished his task, he came back to the front.
“Captain, are all the other ships done with the pass-through?” The general glanced at Mitchell.
“They’re reporting all are ready, sir.” Mitchell read his pad.
“Good, let’s continue.” The general started to pace again. “He walked to one of the men in the front row. “What’s your name, son?”
“Cory Hunter, sir!” The man stood at attention.
“Do you always go around with your clothes padded?” Richards looked him straight in the eye.
“No, sir! This is my size, sir!” Hunter stood his ground.
“Strip! All the way down.” The general ordered.
Cory stripped down to his briefs. His clothes were in a pile next to him and he stood at attention. 
The general looked him over. “I see you are all muscle. Are you a bodybuilder?”
“Yes, sir!”
“Do you compete?” Richards felt Cory’s massive arms.
“Yes, sir! I’ve competed in the nationals, sir.”
“Good, you’ll do well in the competitions here.” The general had him do an about face. “You won’t be able to get your supplements out here. Maybe we’ll find something at the station.”
“Yes, sir!”
He had Cory turn back around. Then he went to the next man. He was big, too.
“Strip!”
The man stripped to his briefs like Hunter. Richards looked him over and went to the next big man and the following. They all stood at attention in their briefs.
“I take it you all think your size will get you into the program.” He looked them all over. “Well, it may not. We’ll see. Get dressed.”
The men quickly dressed and stood at attention.
“Now, I will turn it over to your leader. Each ship has an enhanced trooper to take you through the paces. Do as you’re told … when told and no excuses are accepted.”
Richards looked at Mitchell who came to him and saluted. Richards saluted back. Then he walked out of the room.
Mitchell turned toward his men.
“We’ll be dividing you into two groups,” Mitchell instructed as he paced. One group will start with the physical and the other will start with the psychiatric exam. Then we’ll switch. Only after you cleared both exams will you start the training sessions. Then we’ll be doing a background check on all of you. You must also pass that before you can have even the first injection. So, you better come clean before wasting time training only to lose your slot for something in your past. So, count off one-two.”
The group counted off as instructed.
“The ones to your left and twos to your right.” Mitchell watched as the men separated into two groups. “All ones will be starting with the psychiatric exams and twos will be starting with the physicals. We’ll start tomorrow morning at 0800 hours.”
He dismissed the recruits and they broke ranks. They stood around as they chatted.

Contents



CHAPTER 12 Attack

The general turned a corner in a busy corridor. As he walked down the new hall, the ship shook and nearly knocked him to the floor. Battle stations sounded. He started to run toward the other end as he dodged the others. Richards fell toward a wall as the ship rocked. Alarms sounded all around him. Richards caught a small girl as she fell toward him. She cried.
“Take her and go to the safe zone!” He gave the child to a woman already with three of her own.
The woman accepted the child and took the children down another corridor.
All Richards could see out the windows was the glow of the Bukka ship. The USS Washington shook again while the general made his way down the corridor. He stepped into a small elevator and pressed a button. The doors closed.
By the time he arrived on the bridge, there were several fires. People rushed to put them out. Rocky and Sutherland took control of their stations.
“Dradik!” Richards looked around for him.
Dradik appeared on the bridge.
“What’s going on?” Richards looked at him.
Dradik turned to face him and put his hands down. “The Bohinan are attacking us. They know we are helping you.”
“We could sure use some help with these guys.” Richards looked at his screen.
“We are unable to do anything with you inside our ships.” Dradik went to Sergeant Klein and looked at his screen. “But, you have the means to deal with them. You must take care of which ships you eliminate.”
“How? We don’t have anything that can penetrate their ships.” The general followed him over.
“Sir, we can use the experimental weapons.” Rocky brought up that screen again. “We can try the plasma bomb. It doesn’t need to go through the hull. It forms at the target location, sir. However, I will be doing it blind for a while until I can develop coordinates for the enemy ships.”
“Try it.” The general stepped around the console to look at the screen.
Rocky pressed some buttons and the USS Washington shook. “That was too close, sir.”
“Try it further away from us.” He looked to Dradik. “Can you provide a visual of what is out there?”
The main screen showed the Bohinan ships around the Bukka. The sergeant formed some more explosions amongst the alien ships. Several of them erupted into balls of light that quickly extinguished when the air drained. He developed more bombs in areas of larger vessels. The USS Washington shook violently as the explosion reverberated through the area.
“When will they get the idea they are outgunned, sir?” Rocky glanced up at the general as he continued to form more bombs.
The enemy started to fire back with its own fireworks. The human ship quaked several times as the enemy fired rays of light at them. They shot the beams at numerous places on the Bukka ships. They did not seem to give up.
Richards looked at the list of experimental weapons. “Send ALFs to as many ships as possible and find any shortcomings they may have. We must know how to fight them and if they still have Samson.”
“Yes, sir!” Klein began his next task.
The general rushed to the com station. There Sutherland was busy with reports from other ships and from the ALFs.
“Sergeant, what are you receiving from the ALFs?” He stopped at the front of her console.
“They are in the armory and engineering as they analyze the controls. The language is not in the database, sir. So, they cannot read it. The analysis shows so far that the weapons are fusion based. They have what appears to be a solar-like fusion reactor in the rear of the ship. These reactors fuel the weapons and the ships’ engines. The mineral that interacts with the solar power to form their version of fusion is of unknown chemistry. It appears as some form of highly dense rock, sir. Sergeant O’Connor has not been located yet, sir.”
Richards looked over at Rocky. “Are you getting this info?”
“Yes, sir!” Rocky looked up momentarily. “I may be able to destroy their rock fuel if we get in close enough, sir.”
“We don’t know which ship Samson is on.” Richards turned back to Sutherland. “Can you identify the markings on the ships yet?”
“No, sir!” She brought up a series of markings on her screen. “But, I have matched the markings of one of those ships with the ship that took you and the others. Samson must be on that vessel, sir.”
“Good, which ship is it?” He looked at the main screen.
“The one in the center of the third row, sir.” She put a highlight on the matched ship.
The general turned to Dradik. “Can you read the markings?”
“Yes, the markings are its Lorana designation.” Dradik stepped toward the general. “It says ‘Bohinan Slave Vessel number 3-8-9’ It is the lead vessel of the group.”
“Wouldn’t it be better to lead the group than stay so far back in the pack?” Richards studied the formation of the vessels.
“As for destroying the rock fuel, you would do better to cause an overcharge and force them to shut down.” Dradik stepped to the middle of the bridge. “Use your plasma bomb to heat up the rock.”
“I can’t do that.” Rocky gazed at Dradik with concern. “I can’t hold the bomb stable.”
“Then send repeating volleys to the rock. That will heat it up, too.” Dradik turned back to the general.
Klein fired multiple rounds of the bombs at the ship. The lights began to flash. 
“Reports that the rock is overheating, sir.” Sutherland kept watching over her console.
“That’s enough!” Dradik watched the reports as they came. “We can’t have the entire system fail, or your friend will die with them.”
“They should be disabled enough to leave us alone and tow their leader to the space station,” Klein observed his screens. “There we can get Samson back.”
The crew watched as the enemy formation slowly made its way off screen.
Dradik followed Richards as he returned to his command chair. “We will have you at the space station in less than a week.”
“Good, the populace will have a Spam Rebellion by then.” Richards sat. He began to have a headache.
“The situation out here is making your personal health worse, My Friend.” Dradik sat to his left.
“We need so many things at the station.” Richards sat. “I hope we have enough money to pay for it all.”
“We will take you to the space station, now,” Dradik reassured Richards.
“The list of items we need keeps growing.” Richards draped his hands over the armrests.
“You were not prepared for deep space travel.” Dradik put the forward view on the main screen. “Why do you ignore your problems?”
“We had no choice.” Richards sighed and shrugged. “Earth is dead and only a few people could come on the journey. We did it to ourselves when the bombs set off the super volcanoes and earthquakes. It took a long time to build these ships. We didn’t have time to develop the weapons. We believed we were the only ones in the universe. We’ve learned differently now.”
“General! You’re ignoring me.” Dradik put a hand on the general’s shoulder. “Get help with your past. You won’t survive out here if you don’t.”
He continued to ignore Dradik. Richards went to Rocky’s armory station. 
“Do all the ships have these?” Richards studied the list.
“Yes, sir!” Rocky glanced at him. “All the ships are identical.”
“What else is on that list?” Richards looked back at his armory sergeant.
“There are several types of torpedoes we can load.” Rocky looked at his list. “They may or may not have the power we need. Also, we have only a limited number of them. However, we do have parts to either replace or build new ones.”
“Our friends are back in force.” Dradik waved his hand in front of the main screen again.
“Where?” Richards looked to the screen.
The main screen showed many Bohinan ships as they approached on the starboard bow. Richards checked the other displays and saw more.
“Why are they bothering with us so much?” Richards looked at Dradik.
“They have seen your enhanced troops and believe all human males are like you.” Dradik turned toward him. “They believe you to be very valuable as slaves.”
“Your people still have slavery?” Rocky looked up at him.
“Yes, but the winds of change are in the works.” Dradik looked over at him. “Prophesy says that a people from afar will come and free the slaves. People believe these people will take away the power to enslave another. But, for now, the Bohinans seek you as a valuable prize. They will stop at nothing to get you.”
“We’ll have to make ourselves unattractive to them.” Richards stepped back to Rocky’s station.
“How, sir?” Rocky looked at him inquisitively.
“Bring up the ALF program. Let’s see how it can help teach these bullies a lesson.” Richards looked at Rocky’s screen. “I have an idea.”
Rocky pressed a button on his console. An artificial Soldier appeared in front of him in full uniform Army fatigues.
 “Now, what can he do?” Richards glanced at Rocky.
Rocky pressed another button which caused the Soldier opened his eyes and looked around the room. He stopped at Richards.
“Sir, Sergeant Steven Carlson reporting for duty, sir.” Carlson came to attention, saluted, and Richards returned the salute.
“Who am I?” Richards stepped around the soldier to check him over.
“You are Major General Michael C. Richards, USMC. You oversee the earth fleet seeking a new home.” Carlson stayed at attention.
“He knows everything that is in the computer system, sir.” Rocky watched Richards. “We need to be careful that he doesn’t divulge any classified information.”
“Put this sergeant on the lead ship and learn about them.” Richards stopped in front of Rocky.
“Yes, sir!” Rocky looked at the Soldier. “We can make him the ‘fly on the wall,’ sir.”
“Good, let’s try it out.” Richards kept his eye on the soldier. “Place a crawling creature on as many ships as you can. The problem is to understand their language. That’s something else to pick up at the port.”
“Yes, sir!” Rocky complied.
“Can you help our ALFs understand Bohinan?” Richards looked over at Dradik.
“Yes, I can. I will just have to pick which ship to monitor at any given moment.” Dradic looked at him. “If I can find the command ship, it would be best.”
“Go ahead and send out the ALFs.” Richards turned to the main screen.
“Yes, sir!” Rocky pressed some buttons. ‘I have them on 30 ships, sir. I don’t know which one is the command ship.”
“I found it.” Dradik turned toward the main screen. “They want you to serve on Bohina itself. The commander wants you as the prize for their king.”
“How do you know that?” Rocky looked confused. “I haven’t connected the line to anything.”
“I can connect to it mentally.” Dradik glanced back at Rocky.
“We outnumber them, sir. We can fight them.” Rocky looked at the general.
“Let our ships handle them.” Dradik turned back to the main screen. “We have weapons you can’t even conceive. However, we will have to put you outside our ships for this battle. You will have to defend yourselves.”
The ships came closer and surrounded the Bukka ships. The earth ships left the Bukka and prepared for battle while the Bohinan ships closed in on the earth ships.
“They demand we surrender you to them claiming to own you and your ships. They make their claim under the salvage laws, which allow them to take your ships.” Dradik stepped toward the screen.
“We own the ships. We are owned by no one.” Richards pounded his fist into the palm of the other hand.
“Our ships are responding that they refuse to hand you over. You are under our protection.” Dradik raised his hands as if to pray. “We will have to fight them in court.”
The general turned back to Rocky. “Send plasma bombs to those ships.”
“Yes, sir!” The sergeant began to press buttons. Then, he looked up at the main screen.
Several of the Bohinan ships exploded. They tried evasive maneuvers. However, the bombs continued to destroy their craft. Then one lone ship left as the others followed it.
“That must have been the command ship.” Richards watched the screen.
“Correct, General.” Dradik glanced at him and then back at the screen. “You must take great care in attacking it. It has the life signs of your missing Marine.”
Richards looked at him with wide eyes. “I thought he was on the ship that went to the space station for repairs.”
“I don’t know, General. We’ll have to wait and see.” Dradik vanished. “It could be that ship back again.” His voice echoed as he left.
The earth vessels reentered the Bukka.

Contents



CHAPTER 13 Mootoomoo

Guards entered the cargo hold with a metal ring. Samson slept on the floor of the cage. One opened a doorway in the field’s wall. He stepped in with his weapon drawn. The other two guards entered after him. They walked up to O’Connor cautiously. The one with the ring put it around the human’s neck. It fit barely.
Samson jumped to his feet and the bull who put the ring on him stood. “What is this?” O’Connor demanded.
The guards laughed at him as they spoke to each other. One pulled out a small box and pressed a button which put O’Connor to the floor in agony. The bull pressed the button again. Samson rolled in pain and then he stopped. He stood in front of the beasts. The one with the box pressed the button. He looked confused. He pushed the button many times. Samson came to him and punched him in the snout. The force sent the bull back into the cell wall. He hollered in pain as he rolled away from the wall.
One of the bulls shot Samson and it trapped him in a bubble that shrunk till he was in a ball. The animals picked up the ball and carried it out. The third guard stood and closed the doorway as he left the cell.
The guards brought Samson into the bridge where they dropped the ball. O’Connor stretched the ball out which caused it to break. Free he went after the bulls, but the animals on the deck surrounded him with their weapons drawn.
“You cannot escape, Animal!” The leader bellowed from his command chair, which looked like an enormous couch on which he reclined. He spoke in Bohinan and the bulls pushed Samson toward the leader.
The human stood with his arms crossed and his feet apart defiant to the end.
“Why do you insist on wearing that silly rag?” The leader pointed at it. “Take it off!”
Samson did not move. “Who do you think you are, Heifer?”
The bull raised off his couch with a sneer. “I am Mootoomoo, your master!” He spoke in English and then mooed at his forces.
One reached out to pull the rag off O’Connor, but he grabbed the bull and hoisted him overhead. The human turned and heaved him onto Mootoomoo. The beast fought to make it to his feet and Mootoomoo fought to get him off, but they only fought each other. They could not separate, so some other bulls came to lift the top beast off the leader.
When the Bohinan finally cleared the stack, they redirected their attention to the human. However, he was nowhere around. They scrambled to locate their beast.
The sergeant observed their dilemma from his crouched position behind their view screen. He reached up and broke off the collar they had on him. O’Connor made his way to the end of the space. There he found the computer that analyzed the English language.
Samson looked for the device to listen to the conversation Mootoomoo had with someone on the screen. After he located it, O’Connor attended to the communique.
“Yes, I need more ships to bring in these beasts.” Mootoomoo reclined on his couch with his entourage about him.
“We do not have enough ships in the quadrant to give you. What happened to the ships you were already given?” The voice replied.
“They were destroyed. How is unknown, but we will find out how these beasts did it.” Mootoomoo started to rise as a bull behind him bent down and whispered in his ear. He nodded as the bull straightened. “I have been informed that the ships were obliterated by some malfunction in the ships. We must analyze the wreckage to find out what happened. There was no sign of a weapons attack.”
“You won’t get another ship until you give me proof of what happened to those ships!” The voice yelled.
The leader stood from his chair and turned to his people. “Find out what happened and get me that animal!”
The beasts scrambled to fulfill the demands of their leader. Some went to stations and began to work on the wreckage of their other ships. Others searched the bridge for the missing human.
O’Connor observed the enemy through the computers’ gaps. He kept the ear device on as he listened to the conversations of the bulls.
A bull turned from his station. “Mootoomoo, I have located a radiation reading of unknown origin and of unknown type.”
“Put your findings on the main screen.” Mootoomoo turned to the screen as the bull put up his findings. “Those are your findings?” He turned back to the bull. “It’s just moo snort. Where is the radiation?”
The bull went to the main screen and pointed to the radiation readings. “The kyoda readings are off the scale.” He walked to the command chair and pressed some buttons. “This next screen shows all ships that exploded have the same readings.” The bull pressed another button and the screen showed the vessels as they exploded and overlaid the readings. “See, they explode, and the kyoda readings go off the scale. The beasts are using an unknown weapon. We must beware of them.”
“Find the beast on this ship!” Mootoomoo reeled around toward all his bulls. “He’ll know what this weapon is!”
The other bulls scattered yet again to find Samson. They checked every nook and cranny on the bridge. However, they did not see him. One bull went behind the screen and followed the walkway. He pulled out his weapon and shot.
The bubble trapped Samson again, but he broke out. O’Connor exploded to his feet and went after the bull. The sergeant struck the enemy under the rib cage and knocked the wind out of the beast.
The bull grabbed Samson around the chest. They started to bang into walls and equipment. Sparks burst from the computers as they flew in all directions. Smoke billowed out as the two fought. The bull rammed O’Connor into the wall of machines and they fell through into a group of speculators. 
The beasts seized the human, who still fought to escape. They could not hold him as he bashed many out of action. Samson picked up and threw bulls here and there as they fought. Many of the beasts landed on their tailbone, which resulted in them unable to move their hind legs.
“Can’t you subdue one beast?” Mootoomoo started to pound the backs of some of his bulls. “Get him! You outnumber the beast!”
The bulls pounced on Samson all at once and he went down under their weight. They forced his hands behind him and applied steel restraints on him. Then, they stood him before Mootoomoo, who stepped into his face.
“You are more pain than you are worth, Animal!” The bull yelled at him.
“You need a mouthwash, Stinky!” O’Connor yelled back. He struggled to break out of the restraints, but they refused to give.
Mootoomoo stood back. “I don’t understand. What is ‘mouthwash, Stinky’ mean?”
“You’ll figure it out, Stinky.” The sergeant struggled with some of the bulls. “What do you want with me?”
“You are going to bring in the rest of your breed.” Mootoomoo squinted his eyes as he moved in closer. “You will be our prize to the king and he will give me all the great riches and power I want.” He turned away from the human as he walked to his command chair. He mooed to his bulls. The bulls jerked Samson away as they led him from the bridge.
Back in the room with the cell, the bulls put Samson in the cell and lowered shackles from the ceiling. They removed the restraints and fastened the fetters to his hands and feet and then hoisted him upside down. They left him there by himself.
O’Connor bent up to his feet and grabbed the bar between his feet. He bent the bar back and forth till it broke. Samson used the broken edges to saw the bolts that fastened the hand restraints. It took a long time to just get the fetters separated enough to get the broken edge into the pin. Once the side was in, he worked on the bolt and eventually broke through. He bent the fetter apart and slipped out his hand. The next one went faster, and he freed his second hand. When he finished, he started on his feet.
His feet took more effort as he had to twist the broken edge of one side around to cut the bolt that was on the outside of the other foot. The screw cut, but it did not allow him to free his foot. Samson found that the shackles were of another metal that he could not identify. The sergeant pushed the piece of metal with the broken edge down inside the chain and started to pry the fetter apart as he pushed his foot out the slot. With that foot free, he went on to the other one, which took little time.
He grabbed the poles that held the bar and broke the bar pieces free one at a time. With the parts free, he dropped to the floor and went to the cell wall. There he took one of the pieces and threw it up at the light that formed the wall. Sparks flew, and the wall opened but was not big enough to let him out. He threw the next piece up and the light sparked which spread the hole larger.
He stepped through the hole and went to the door which wouldn’t open. He listened at the door and then hid as the door opened. Two bulls entered, one carried a tray of grains and grasses with a pouch of liquid, and one with the weapon. The tray holder sat it on the floor while the other looked around.
Before he could react, Samson side kicked him in the spine and took his weapon that he dropped. O’Connor shot them which trapped the bulls in bubbles of energy. The sergeant took the key and left the room. Outside, Samson went across the hall to a door and hid as more bulls ran toward him.
In the new room, the light came on and Samson looked around at the trash. The sergeant found barrels of old computer parts and in one barrel there was some cloth, it was his uniform as it awaited destruction. He grabbed his clothes, but he could not switch into them. The fabric was tattered. The Marine looked further and found his shoes and socks in another barrel. He carried them to the door.
After the other bulls passed, he left the room as he went back to the bridge. As Samson snuck in, Mootoomoo spoke with the king. The computers had been set up again and repaired. The human crouched by the system that studied English and listened to the conversation.
“My Lord, I have the beast back in his cell hung from the ceiling. He won’t be any more trouble.” Mootoomoo sat up in his chair. “We will be at the station tomorrow, Your Highness. You will be able to meet the animal soon.”
“Good, Mootoomoo.” The king leaned forward on his throne aboard his ship. “I will be on station the following day. Be sure the animal is presentable and that he impresses me or you both die!”
The screen went dark and Mootoomoo lowered his head as he mooed. He stood and began to order his bulls. “Get the animal ready for the king! Make sure he is clean and has a bath! You know how sensitive the king’s snout is! I don’t want him to have to smell that awful alien smell!”
The bulls lowered their heads and mooed as they left the bridge.
Mootoomoo returned to his seat, but he did not sit. He lowered to all fours and paced in front of it. He sniffed a few times and stopped. He looked around. “I still smell that animal in here. Someone, take care of it!”
A bull at a station behind him reached for a button and pressed it. The air filter system started to circulate the air. The beast turned up the power and a sucking sound started.
“That’s much better. I can breathe again.” The leader turned toward the screen. “Get me something to eat!”
The bull that started the air filter left his station as another moseyed to the station. The new beast looked over the station and raised his head as he mooed.
Another bull from one of the back stations called out to his leader. “We are experiencing low output from the gyogite rock. We need to lower the energy demand or risk failure.”
“Shut down all nonessential operations.” Mootoomoo looked at him. “But, keep the air flow. I can’t stand that strange odor.”
Samson found a handheld unit and attached the listening device to it which also interpreted the Bohinan language. He took the machine and left the bridge.
Ross made his way down a corridor as he checked doors and rooms. He made it to one door that led to an engineering area. The sergeant searched the room and found the gyogite rock in some sort of energy field as several bulls worked on equipment near the stone. They would check the mineral several times as they worked. The field fluctuated as they worked. An alarm went off every time the field disappeared which caused the bulls to toil more. The field vanished and did not return. The Bohinan went to another station.
The sergeant quickly went for the rock. It burnt his hand when he grabbed it. He took a rag from a counter and covered the stone so he could remove it. Samson left the room with the mineral.
The bulls returned confused when they saw the rock was gone. Two of them brought over a new stone and placed it in the holder. A third pressed some buttons and the field returned.
Samson entered the room where he found his uniform and placed the rock behind the incinerator. It was a tight fit, but he managed to wedge it in the hiding spot. Then he went to the door and checked the corridor before he left the room.
As Samson walked down the corridor, a group of bulls came his way, and he ducked into another room. This room was full of computers and beasts busy at work. O’Connor hid among a cube of computers as he made his way through the room. The sergeant used the handheld translator to help him figure out what was going on in the place.
Mootoomoo’s voice came over the speakers. “Get the moomoogrunt ready for tomorrow’s snatch of the beasts. Put them in stasis for the trip home. I want their leader found!”
“The Bukka is helping them. We cannot penetrate their ships. They’re energy fields of unknown source.” A bull moseyed on all fours among the stations like a supervisor as he stopped to check on a worker.
“We will get them at the station after they leave the protection of the Bukka.” Mootoomoo’s voice announced.
The bull sauntered to the next worker as he raised and lowered his head several times. “That would be dangerous as the aliens would be mixed in with so many others. Do we know their life signs well enough to distinguish them from others?”
“That is where you come in.” Mootoomoo’s speech bellowed over the speakers with static occasionally present. “I want you to single out these aliens and snatch them from wherever they are discovered.”
“The station has many Tomabe, they are almost exactly like these aliens.” The bull put his front hooves on the ledge and typed something into the keyboard. “Will that not be a problem? We will get the Tomabe instead of the aliens we want. How do we distinguish the two species?” He put his hooves back on the floor as he went to the next worker.
“Our desired aliens will not yet be marked as slaves. We can test for the mark, if it is not present, we can take the slave.” The leader’s bad breath seemed to come through the intercom as if he was right there with them. “If we get some of the Tomabe, we will keep them. They should have had the mark in the first place. Without it, they are fair targets for us.”
“Have you located the one aboard the ship?” The bull stopped in the aisle.
“He is at your location.” Mootoomoo’s voice resounded. “Why have you not seen him?”
All the workers left their stations and they searched the room for the alien. However, they were unable to locate him. One worker went to the bank of computers where Samson was. He scoured each row carefully for any sign of the beast. The bull came to the last row but was unable to find anything. He walked down the aisle with no weapon. As the bull made his way down the aisle, he sniffed the air. He shook his head as he sneezed. The beast turned and left the area as he continued to sneeze.
When the bull left, Samson lowered himself from the rafters careful not to make a sound. He went back to the first row and squatted between two computers as he put the earpiece back into his ear.
“I checked the computer section and did not find anyone. I did catch a whiff of the alien scent like the alien had been there, but nothing was found.” The bull returned to his station. “The beast does not seem to be in here.”
“That is good.” Another bull sat at his station. “I hear he can lift a bull over his head and fight off a herd. Not the beast I want to meet. But, I smell his odor, too.”
“Okay, let us get back to work.” The supervisor came to the bulls. “I will notify Mootoomoo we found nothing here.” He put his front hooves on the nearest station and pressed some buttons. “Mootoomoo, this is Moosnort.”
“Moosnort, what do you have for me?” Mootoomoo’s familiar sound boomed into the room.
“We checked every moo moo grunt of this room and found nothing.” Moosnort looked up at the speaker.
“He is right near the door! You should be able to see him. Now, get him!” The voice blared over the speakers.
The bulls went around the noted area and even check behind the wall of computers, but they did not find the human. They looked everywhere in the area for him, except up. One of the bulls sniffed the air and shook his head. He snorted as the bull stood on his hind legs and noticed the odor of the beast grew stronger. He blew air out his nostrils and took a deep breath as he slowly looked up at Samson, who dropped on the bull’s back, grabbed the massive head and twisted the neck as it snapped.
“Ah, you wrinkled my rag, you Beastie!” Samson rode the bull as he slumped to the floor. As he looked up and around, he found many beasts stood around him with their weapons drawn. “Oh, fun! I get to take you all on again. This is getting old.”
The bulls shot him. The human awoke in the cell again with three guards outside with their weapons ready. His rag was gone again. He laid on the floor face down naked.
“Where’re my clothes, Beasties?” Samson stood near the middle of the cell. “You like to look at me? I know you understand me.” Samson struck a few poses as he showed off his body to them.
“Shut up, Beast!” One of the bulls stepped toward the cell wall. “You are nothing to us, but animals. So, sit and shut up!”
Ross stood with his feet apart and his arms crossed defiantly. “I will not shut up! Where are my clothes? I demand my clothes be returned!”
The guards entered the cell and shot Samson. He dropped.

Contents



CHAPTER 14 Injection

After the extended tests, which weeded many out of the program, the men who varied in age from teens to middle age entered the sickbay of the USS Washington. They walked up to the nurses’ station and the nurse looked up at them.
“Here for the injections, Boys?” The nurse looked over the crowd.
“Yes, ma’am!” The older man at the front replied.
“I’ll have to check you in. Name?” The nurse started to type into his computer. She typed in each name and brought up their chart. She verified authorization to have the injection. She started to hand out electronic tablets. “I need each of you to fill out the forms on these tablets. Then bring them up to me.”
The men took their tablets and found a seat, but most had to sit on the floor, or they stood against the wall as many others waited for the doctors. Still, others had to go out in the hall to find a spot to work. They filled out the forms and one by one started to turn them back into the nurse.
She took the first one’s tablet and read each form. She made notations in the chart. Then she handed the tablet back to the man. “Keep this with you!” After that man left, she went on to the next man. With everyone done, she stood from her desk and headed toward the inner door. “Come with me!”
She took the men into the treatment room where two rows of beds stood. She turned to them. “The first ten of you disrobe and lie on a bed. We’ll begin shortly.”
“Yes, ma’am!” The first group disrobed and laid on the beds.
The rest stood by in their briefs and waited their turn as Richards and Dr. Collins entered the room. The general walked to the center of the room alone.
“You’re about to receive an injection! This is the last time you have a chance to back out! After this shot, you’re mine for the rest of your life!” He looked at each man. “This will not be a painless process! When your bone structure changes, you will experience pain you haven’t felt before! We have enhanced troops to hold you down through the process! Even your face will change! Let’s get the troops in here and get ready!”
The troops marched in two rows and one went to each man’s bed. They stood ready. Dr. Collins and her staff entered and went one to a bed while each had a syringe with the serum.
“If there are no back outs, let’s get on with it!” Richards went to the first bed. He handed a stylus to the first man. “Sign the bottom of the last form signifying that you agree to enlist for a lifetime.”
The man took the stylus and signed the form. He handed the pen back to Richards. He took the pen and went to each of the other men and did the same. After he finished, he went to the head of the room.
He turned to the doctor. “Dr. Collins begin the injections!”
Dr. Collins and her staff injected each of the men. Nothing happened at first. But soon one by one the men started to squirm and thrash about. The troops held them. The men began to scream out in pain. Their muscles began to grow as if they filled with air. Their faces also began to morph along with the changes to their bones. After about 30 minutes, they started to settle down.
Within minutes several of the men began to bleed from the ears and mouth. They started to double over in agony as their bodies began to come apart. Bones shattered, bruises formed, and one of the men turned a deep yellow. The medical staff came to assist, but for many, it was too late. Half of the first group laid dead. The other half was in great pain.
“What happened?” Richards came to the doctor.
“I don’t know.” She started to check over the men. “There shouldn’t have been so many casualties.” She checked the one who turned yellow. “His liver turned to mush. He died of liver failure.” She went to another. “He died of a heart rupture. He also had many fractures.”
“This one also had a heart rupture.” A male nurse added as he checked a patient.
“I need answers!” Richards came to Dr. Collins. “Is it still safe to continue?”
“I think so.” Collins turned to him. “It’s just a fluke.”
With it over, the other men sat up on the beds one after the other. Each checked over their new bodies.
“Okay, let’s get to the next ten.” Richards went to the first bed.
The men on the beds quickly got off and went to the far wall to await further instructions. They laid down their tablets as they compared themselves with their comrades. The troops removed the bodies from the beds.
The second group laid on the beds. Richards went around as he checked to see if any wanted to back out of the process. “You’ve seen the risk. Anyone want to withdraw?” No one chose to withdraw. So, the doctor and her staff began the injections.
As before, the men thrashed about on the beds. Their muscles seemed to expand like balloons. Their faces likewise changed. Soon, they started to calm down. Then one by one they sat up on the beds. The men checked out their new bodies.
“Let’s get on with the third group!” Richards went back to the first bed.
The men on the beds got off them and more men laid on the beds. Richards went to each one and had them sign their tablets. After they signed, the staff began their injections.
The first two groups stood around and compared bodies while the third group already thrashed from their injections. The other groups did not pay any attention. They were too excited about their new physiques. When the other group finished, they also joined their comrades as they compared bodies.
“Okay, Boys,” Richards came to them. “Let’s get going. There is a lot to learn yet.”
“Not so fast!” Dr. Collins came over. “I want to keep them here for observation. We had five deaths and I don’t know why. Until I am sure they are alright, I want them here.”
“Very well.” Richards turned and left.
“Since there are not enough beds here for all of you, I want some of you to come with me.” Dr. Collins led the 15 men to another room filled the beds.
The group waited for two days and nothing more happened to them.
Richards came back for his men as he did every day. “Are they good to go yet?”
“Yes.” Dr. Collins signed off on one of the staff’s tablet.
“Okay, Men, we have a lot to catch up on.” Richards turned to the men. “Let’s get going.”
The men followed Richards and as they rounded the corner, they were handed gray uniforms.
“These will be your clothes while on duty.” Richards watched the staff as they handed out the uniforms.
The men quickly put on their new clothes. For most, the clothes fit tight. But, the clothes stretched over their bodies.
“Let’s hurry it up, Men!” Richards started to leave the sick bay. “We have a lot to do today.”
The recruits quickly finished and some finished as they ran out of the room.

Contents



CHAPTER 15 Game Night

Richards arrived in his quarters. His boys played a game on the floor and a middle-aged woman sat in a chair who looked up from her tablet as he entered.
“Welcome home, Stranger!” She smiled at him and the boys looked up.
“Sorry, I’m late.” The general came and stood near the boys. “Thanks for staying, Martha.”
“You have others that can take over these duties.” Martha stood. “Why don’t you delegate your duties? You’re needed here, too.”
“I know, I just … well, I …” Richards tried to think of what to say.
“You just don’t feel comfortable taking care of your sons.” Martha seemed to fill in the right words, although it made Richards feel even worse. “There must be a fatherly spark in you somewhere.”
“I know you’re right.” He knelt next to the boys. “I know what to do in a crisis, but when it comes to children … well … I don’t know.”
“So, ask.” Martha looked down at them. “There are plenty of parents onboard. Yes, she is gone, but you must move on with your life and the lives of your boys. Jacob is four now. That has given you four years of grieving. You have to move on.”
“I have a tough time of letting go.” Richards looked up at her. “We were married ten years before Jonathan was born. The doctors informed us we would never have children because I was genetically enhanced. Then Jacob came, but that was too much for Sherry. She made it to the eighth month before the crisis hit.”
“You need to go talk to the Chaplain.” Martha started toward the door. “He can help you through the grieving process.”
“I haven’t been able to go see him.” Richards turned to look at her again. “We have faced one thing after another since we awoke. Now, we have to face aliens and we can’t tell who is friend or foe.”
“Like I said, let some of the others take the load.” Martha stopped and turned back to them. “You do it with all the other ships. But, you can’t do it here?”
“Okay, I’ll hold a meeting and spread out the workload.” Richards looked at Jacob.
“Daddy, can we go to da game room?” Jacob looked up at his Dad.
Richards thought a moment. “Sure, we can. But, 0600 comes awful quick in the morning.”
“Why do we have to get up so early, Dad?” Jonathan looked at him. “We don’t need to be to school until 0900.”
“It takes you guys a while to get ready and we need to get in early at the breakfast line or we will be late.” He glanced at his son and then at Martha.
“Well, I’ll be off.” Martha turned to the door again. “See you tomorrow.”
“Bye and thanks.” Richards watched her leave.
“Okay, guys.” Richards turned his attention back to his boys. “Put away your things and let’s go to supper. We’ll go to the game room after that.”
“Yeah!!” Jacob threw up his hands in jubilation.
Jonathan was less enthusiastic. “Do we have to eat that Spam, again?”
“It’s all we have till we get to the station, Jonathan.” His father squatted and helped Jacob.
The boys put their things away. When they finished, Richards headed to the door.
Later, the general led the boys to the game room. It was full of people who played with arcade-style games. The sounds of laser guns filled the room as people shot at targets. Bells sounded as people won games. Most of the people talked loudly to each other over the game noise. Richards entered the game room despite the crowd.
“Daddy, pick me.” Jacob held his hands up to his Dad.
Richards bent down, picked Jacob up, and sat him on his shoulders. Jacob looked around. He looked sad.
“Every ding boosie, Daddy.” Jacob looked down.
“Sure, it’s Thursday night.” Richards scanned the area. “You might have to stand in line.”
“Da line already long, Daddy,” Jacob complained as he hung on to his Dad’s head.
“Let’s go over this way.” Richards walked to the right.
Jacob looked over the crowd. “Day arm rustling, Daddy.”
“Can we go see, Dad?” Jonathan perked up.
The general led them into the area for the arm wrestlers as Jacob held on to his father’s head. Jonathan worked his way into the front row while two men wrestled. The crowd cheered for both men. Then the man with the green wristband forced the one with the red one to the table. The group went wild for the winner.
Someone in the crowd yelled. “Richards! Richards! Richards!” The people started to chant for him. He put Jacob down and brought him to the front.
“Stay with Jonathan!” The general looked down at him as he yelled over the noise of the crowd.
Richards walked to the table. A recruit walked to the table too. He took the red band and his commanding officer received the green one. They put their elbows on the designated pads and gripped each other’s hands. The referee started them.
“Ready, set, go!” The referee let go of their wrists.
Richards did not move. The recruit struggled to try to move Richards’s arm. The young man started to get frustrated. He used every way to increase his leverage. But, still, Richards did not budge. Then in one quick move, Richards forced the man’s hand to the table. The crowd went wild as they cheered for Richards. The recruit threw his hands in the air.
“How did you do that?” The recruit’s face showed burrowed brows. “I am clearly much stronger than you, sir.”
“It’s not just strength.” Richards removed his band. “It’s technique. Work on your technique. You’re not stronger than me, you only had one injection. What’s your name, Son?”
“Private Bob Collier, sir!” The recruit stood at attention. “Captain Mitchell said I would never survive the injection. Well, here I am, sir.”
“Well, Private Collier, learn to use the technique. Strength isn’t everything.”
Another challenger for Richards stepped forward. He was not quite as big as Collier, but he was still massive. He took his position. He looked worked up to power through the match.
Richards just calmly put his band back on, walked to the table, and put his elbow on the pad. The referee started them and Richards took the man before the referee could get out of the way. The man looked bewildered. The man just took off the band and walked back into the crowd.
Then, Mitchell came to the table and donned his band as he limbered up for the match. The general limbered up as well. The referee started them. The two competitors stared at each other as their wrists strained to get the advantage.
Slowly, Mitchell started to take Richards’s wrist toward the table. Without a glance, Richards slowly brought his wrist back up. But, before he could all the way, Mitchell got the better of him again and nearly touched the table.
The crowd started to chant. “Richards, Richards, Richards!” Some held their breaths in anguish. Many strained harder than the two men as they tried to get Richards another victory.
The general strained to bring his wrist back toward the start position. His shirt sleeve stretched around his bulging arm. Mitchell, a much stronger man, strained to finish off the match. His bicep grew and tore his sleeve at the seam. The wrists slowly returned to the start position. Mitchell broke his concentration just for a sec, but it was enough. Richards slammed his wrist to the table before Mitchell had a chance to regroup. The ref slapped the table as he marked the end of the match. The two opponents shook hands and Richards walked away. The ref came for the band and then returned to the table.
Later, as Richards led his boys home, Jonathan walked beside him, proud of his father’s winning streak. So far, he was undefeated.
“Dad, can we do that again tomorrow night?” Jonathan looked at his Dad. “That was fun!”
“Don’t you have homework to do?” Richards looked down at him.
“Yeah, but I did that right after school.” Jonathan took his father’s hand. “So, did Jacob. Martha has us do it so we can go out.”
“Ah!” Richards as he realized the plan. “Well, then, I guess we can find something to do.” Then he looked strange. “Jacob has homework in preschool?”
“Great.” Jonathan led the way.

Contents



CHAPTER 16 Fleet Health

General Richards entered the sickbay filled with the sick and strolled up to the nurses’ station. He tapped the window when he arrived. The nurse opened the window promptly.
“Yes, sir?” The nurse laid down a tablet and directed her attention to him.
“I’m here to see Dr. Collins, please.” Richards rocked back on his heels and then back to the balls of his feet.
“Follow me, please.” She stood and opened the door to let Richards into the back offices. She led him to Dr. Collins’s office. At the office door, she knocked.
“Yes, come in!” Dr. Collins’s voice came through the door. The nurse opened the door and led Richards inside. “Thank you.” Dr. Collins looked from her work. The nurse closed the door.
“Hello, General.” Dr. Collins stood from her desk. “Thank you for coming.”
“You sounded urgent, so I came as quickly as I could.” Richards stepped in front of the chair next to her desk.
“Have a seat, please. It’s about the health of our people.” Both sat.
“What’s the matter?” Richards looked concerned.
“Subatomic particle exposure, I’m afraid.” Dr. Collins put her wrists on the edge of the desk and folded her hands.
“Doesn’t our hull protect us from that?” Richards put his hands on his knees as he leaned forward.
“Well, it does for most kinds, but not this one.” Dr. Collins glanced over at a stack of tablets and pulled one out of the middle. I’m getting increasing numbers of cancer cases already.”
“What kind of subatomic particle is it?” He tried to see what was on the tablet.
“Free radicals that break apart DNA causing cancer and other problems.” She showed him the tablet which showed a graphic of the earth with lines that represented the subatomic particle known as free radicals. “On earth, we would have the atmosphere to help shield us. Some would still get through, but not as much as we are getting every day out here. Astronauts used to wear special spacesuits to protect them. We don’t have anything like that. We need to find a planet soon.”
“We will reach the space station in two days.” He looked the schematic over. “We can get the people off then and hopefully into a protective barrier.”
“I could develop a treatment for those who become sick, but I would have to use the ingredients needed to enhance the troops.” Dr. Collins began to rock in her chair. “We can’t have both.”
“The safety of our people comes first.” Richards handed the tablet back. “Go ahead and use the ingredients you need. We’ll have to wait on enhancing the troops until later.”
“Thank you, General.” Dr. Collins rocked forward and stopped. “There’s no guarantee we will ever find any more ingredients to finish enhancing our troops.”
“Are any of the enhanced sick?” Richards had a concerned expression.
“No, sir, it seems the enhanced are immune.” Dr. Collins took another tablet and handed it to the general.
“That can’t be!” Richards took the tablet and looked at the breakdown of the serum. “There’s nothing in the serum to protect enhanced troops from subatomic particles, is there?”
“Well, the serum protects troops from many biological agents.” She explained. “It may also protect them from the Free Radicals. But, we need to find out what part of the serum is the protection. If we can, we can develop a way to make others immune, too.”
‘We can’t enhance everyone.” Richards sounded alarmed. “I don’t think most people could survive the process, especially the women. None have ever survived the process.”
“That’s true.” Dr. Collins glanced at the tablet Richards held. “We would have to find out why women can’t seem to survive.”
“We will be at the station in two days.” Richards stopped at one of the ingredients. “Isn’t it the Mahogniseum that helps to protect the body from cancer?”
“Sure, it boosts the immune system, but to that degree has not been tested before.” She looked more closely at the ingredient and pressed it to see its makeup as he held it out to her. “I will have to study the makeup of this ingredient.”
“In the meantime, we can ask how other species manage to stay well in deep space. Maybe it will help us, too.” Richards handed the tablet back to her.
“Okay.” Dr. Collins looked at the list of ingredients again. “I can wait two days.”
“Good.” Richards put his hands on the armrests ready to stand. “Anything else?”
“Yes.” Dr. Collins handed him yet another tablet. “I will need to pick up supplies when we get to the station. I will need assistance from the lab to determine what alien medications will work on humans without adverse effects. I need a budget of what we can get.”
“How much it will cost will need to be determined there.” He looked over the tablet. “I have to take gold to the bank and hope they will be on the gold standard to get it turned into credits. Then we can determine how much you can spend. I also must give people enough money to pay for food. That determination will be hard enough. We only have so much gold and it was meant for establishing our economy on our new world. Now, we must buy new engines, food dispensers, weapons systems, and a new communications station. I don’t know where to begin budgeting for all this stuff.”
“I understand.” Dr. Collins put the tablet back. “Do the best you can. It’s only our lives at stake.”
“Oh, thank you.” Richards stood. “I can make the decision so much more easily now.”
“Sorry, it’s just I must protect our people.” She stood.
“Every department head claims to be protecting our people. But, it’s pulling our budget in millions of directions.”
“Alright, do what you can.” She walked him to the door and stopped.
Richards put his hand on the doorknob and stopped. “Run the tests on the Mahogniseum and if it works out that it is the ingredient that protects against cancer, we can develop more of it without using up all the ingredients.”
“Yes, sir!” She watched him as he opened the door.
He left the office and she went back to her work.

Contents



CHAPTER 17 Gold Rush

Richards and Russell were on the bridge as they looked over some experimental weapons with Rocky. Richards stopped Rocky as he scrolled down the page.
“What’s this?” Richards pointed to a weapon on the list.
“It’s a microwave weapon of some sort, sir.” Rocky looked at him. “It’s said to go right through the hull of a ship. It’s downright nasty. It can make people feel like they’re burning up. It also wreaks havoc with electrical equipment.”
“That’s interesting.” Russell looked at it. “Sounds like we can make the Bohinan feel really uncomfortable when they come around us. Sir, what do you think?” He looked at Richards.
“Sounds interesting to me, too.” The general kept an eye on the list. “I’d imagine they would want to get out of those metal uniforms right quick.”
“Sir!” Sutherland looked over at the trio. “We’re getting a message from Dradik.”
“Let’s hear it.” Richards as he turned to Sutherland.
“Audio only, sir.” She pressed the button.
“Good day to you.” Dradik’s voice came over the speaker. “We’ll be at the station in half an hour. I’d suggest you get anything you want to convert to credits ready.”
“Alright, Dradik.” Richards watched Sutherland. “Do they take gold?”
“No, they don’t have gold out here.” Dradik’s voice came back. “You are free to see how they will react to it. They might accept it and give you a great offer.”
“No gold anywhere?” Richards looked up at the speaker shocked. “I can’t believe there’s no gold anywhere out here.”
“We have Gyogite, a fuel-producing mineral found mainly on Bohina, but they can’t mine it themselves. They need you to do it.” Dradik’s voice sounded.
“Well, they won’t get us!” Richards looked back at the screen on the console. “We will be slaves to no one!”
“Many of your people have been slaves for centuries, General.” Dradik’s voice sounded somber. “They were taken by the Bohinan while you slept. They didn’t know about you. Now, they know and they will come after you even more. They think all males are like you if they would work. Get whatever you want to use to barter and I will see you soon, my friend.”
“Alright, Dradik, I’ll get right on it. Thank you.” Richards pressed the intercom button on the Armory console. “Mitchell, meet me at the vault in ten.” Richards reached to press the button again.
“On my way, sir.” Mitchell’s voice came over the intercom.
Richards pressed the intercom button again. Then he looked at Russell. “Let’s see how much work we can get done.” Richards patted the console. “I’ll keep in touch.”
“Aye, sir.” Russell turned his attention to Rocky.
Richards left the bridge.
Richards walked up to some large doors. Mitchell awaited him. When the general reached the doors, he entered a code into a keypad to the right of the doors. The doors slid open. This revealed yet another keyboard, on which he punched in another combination. Then he turned the circular dial to release the vault door. He pulled the heavy door open, which took most of his strength. The thick door creaked as it opened and a ramp rose on the outside of the door and inside.
Richards led the captain into the vault. He signed in on an electronic pad and Mitchell did the same. Richards grabbed a cart and went to the back of the safe with the captain after him. When he reached the rear of the room, he began to load gold bars onto the cart in a block fashion. The captain assisted him.
“Get another cart!” Richards went to another section of gold. “It looks like we will need more than one.”
Mitchell went for another cart and when he returned, they started to load it, too.
“Get more help down here.” Richards started to load the other cart.
“Yes, sir!” Mitchell went to the intercom. “Martin and Becker, report to the vault immediately.” He pressed the button again.
As they finished the second cart, Martin and Becker arrived at the vault. They signed in and came to the back where the wagons were.
“We need another cart.” Richards went to the first cart with Mitchell. “We’re going to the bank on the space station to trade these in for credits. Let’s go.”
After they loaded the third cart, Richards led them out. When they reached the front counter, Richards signed out on the electronic pad with the number of gold bars on his handcart. He pushed the cart over the hump and out of the vault. He waited for Mitchell to sign out and leave. Martin and Becker signed out and went out also. Then Richards closed the vault door and secured it. He locked the outer doors. The general led them down the corridor.
“Now, all we need is to meet Dradik.” Richards pulled the cart to the airlock which took significant effort to pull such weight. Becker assisted the general, while Martin pulled the third cart. They moved the handcarts into the tight fit of the airlock.
The next thing they knew they were on a ramp of the station and Dradik stood in front of them.
“Welcome to Ladorma, Gentlemen.” Dradik was cheerful. “This floor has the bank. I see you plan to shop today.”
“We need a lot of work done.” Richards pulled the cart along. “I have a list of things. But, I don’t know the cost.”
“You should have plenty of gold bars there.” Dradik looked over the carts. “Let’s go to the bank first and see if they will even buy gold. They won’t know what it is, but they may like the glitter and the rarity of it.” Dradik turned around and led the men and the carts down the corridor.
They came to a market place. The market place was full of people from around the empire. There were two-headed people with one head female and the other male, like Siamese twins, birds with multi-colored feathers that walked about as they talked to each other, and even people with golden skin.
Everyone stopped and looked at the humans and their carts of gold. They started to whisper as humans passed. They also pointed at them.
“What’s the problem?” Richards watched the people.
“You are.” Dradik glanced back at Richards. “They have never seen a human before especially ones as large as you.”
“I’m just average for a Marine.” Richards pulled the cart along.
“That may not mean much to you.” Dradik looked at the people. “But, to these people, you look huge. People here are not as strong as you.”
The people started to follow the humans as they made their way to the bank. Dradik led them to a large store with strange symbols over the doors.
“This is the bank.” Dradik opened the doors. “We’ll take a cart to three different tellers. That will get us done quicker.”
“How will we talk to them?” Richards followed Dradik’s lead.
“I’ll do the talking for you.” Dradik went ahead of him. “Just pass the bars to the tellers as they weigh them. You have more than enough gold to do all the work you need with plenty left over.”
Dradik led the crowd into the bank. The tellers looked at the group and started to panic. Dradik motioned them to calm down. He went to one teller and explained the situation. “My friends have traveled a long way and don’t have any Gyogite, but they do have this.” He showed the tellers a bar of the gold. “They call it ‘Gold.’” He passed it through so the tellers could examine it. “They wish to trade it for credits. Will you trade and for how much?”
The tellers called their manager to examine the gold. He was in awe over the brilliance of it and the amount. The manager approached Dradik. “What does it do?”
Dradik thought for a moment. “It has many uses from tooth fillings to medicines, jewelry, and electronics (connectors, cables, spacecraft, and semiconductors). It has anticorrosive, lack of toxicity, and conductivity properties. Industries use it to build heat shields and other things. The uses are unlimited … except for your imagination.”
“I will have to have the experts evaluate it and someone to evaluate its uses.” The manager took the bar to the back and talked to another creature. They talked for some time and the manager returned with the bar. “Go ahead and accept the bars for 1,500,000 credits per bar. This is something we need to acquire as a momentous discovery. Where is it found?” He sat the bar on the counter.
“On earth in the Sol System.” Dradik motioned the general to pass the gold bars to the teller. “The planet is outside the empire. My friends are lost and do not know how to get back there.”
“That is a shame.” The manager eyed the gold as it came through the windows. “Do you have more?”
“Yes, much more.” Dradik glanced back at Richards and Mitchell as they continued to pass through the bars. “How many do you have here?” He looked at all the bars.
 “There are over 400 bars on each cart.” Richards kept up his work. “I think we’ll have more than enough.”
“I told you so.” Dradik watched as Richards worked.
The general and Mitchell continued to pass bars through to the tellers. Martin was busy with the bars on the third cart. By the time they reached the last of the bars. The bars clearly fatigued the tellers. Richards’s teller had to pause several times.
When Richards, Mitchell, and Martin finished their transactions, Dradik instructed the tellers to put it all on one credit account. They did it and made it so Richards and Mitchell could withdraw credits.
Then they took the three carts out of the bank. People crowded around as they watched all the gold. People started to buy gold bars as fast as they could. There was a rush on the bank. They went into considerable debt to acquire the shiny bars of exotic color. Then they admired its beauty as they left the mob behind.
“Where do we go to buy our new engines?” Mitchell looked over at Dradik.
“Weapons, communications units, and food?” Richards looked at Mitchell as he added to the list.
“We will be all over the market place before we are done.” Dradik led Richards and his men into the market place with a crowd in tow.
People argued and pushed as they tried to hold down the price of gold. Mitchell went to help calm the problems. He stood next to the riot. A couple of people who fought bumped into him. It was like a brick wall which caused them to bounce off him and fall to the floor. He picked them up and held them high, one in each hand. He looked at them with a mean look as they looked at him and then down. They looked up quickly and screeched. He let them down and they ran off. He shook his head and then rubbed his ears as he returned to the humans.
Mitchell walked up to Richards. “The people here sure have high pitched voices.” He rubbed his ears again.
Dradik led them into the merchant store.

Contents



CHAPTER 18 Dissention

After the general completed his shopping, he entered the bridge and was immediately met by Captain Russell. “What’s the problem?”
“The ships that weren’t enhanced have all started to complain about it, sir.” Russell looked like he was at the end of his rope. He seemed weary as he threw up his hands in surrender. “I told them I couldn’t explain why. You don’t allow me to. They would not accept that. They want answers and now, sir.”
“Well, let’s see what I can do, shall we?” Richards stepped past him and went to the middle of the bridge. He stood in front of the main screen which was full of images of all the captains in convoy. He put his hands at his waist and glanced down for a second. “What seems to be your problem? We did not enhance you because you sided with those who vowed to destroy Israel. Everyone has the right to be. If you cannot be …”
The captains started to speak all at once in several different languages. The general turned to face Russell. The captains continued to talk over each other. Richards allowed them to say their peace. He shook his head and when the captains finally quieted down, he turned back around to face them.
“Now, one at a time and in English.” The general went to his command chair and sat. “I understand that you are all upset about not receiving the serum, but why should you? You stand against one of our own. Everyone has a right to live in peace.”
“Israhell has no right to exist!” An Egyptian captain screeched as he stood from his chair. “They break every ceasefire they ever make! They even broke the treaty we had with them!” He came to the center of his bridge. “Why do you have such power? You support terrorists! We must take it from you!”
“You won’t be taking anything from anyone!” Richards pointed his finger at the man and quickly withdrew it as he shook his head. “The Arabs, Egyptians, Persians, and all the others have been against Israel ever since Ishmael and Isaac. It became worse with Esau and Jacob, who became known as Israel. Each one fathered many nations and spread the hostility against Israel. The feud between Israel and Esau lasts even today. Stop the hatred! It won’t accomplish anything, but more hatred! You will never receive the serum as long as this feud between you exists.”
“We will take the serum from you!” The captain cut off communication.
Richards shook his head in frustration as he put his head in his hands. Then he put his hands down. “What are the other complaints?”
“Basically, the same, sir.” Russell came and stood beside him. “They all claim Israel is the bad guy, not the Arabs, sir. They demand the serum, sir.”
“These people can demand all they want, but they won’t get it until this feud is over for good.” The general glanced at the screen. “Who wants to speak next?”
A female captain stepped toward the screen. “I am Captain Maria Perez-Sanchez of the ARA Argentina. The South and Central American coalition asked me to speak to you. We are concerned that you enhanced a known terrorist group but will not enhance us to be able to protect ourselves.”
“We have not enhanced a terrorist group.” Richards had a confused expression come over his face. “Who is this terrorist group?”
“Israel of course!” Perez shouted as she threw up her hands. “They have no right to be enhanced! They are terrorists!”
“Haven’t you been listening, while I went through this with the Egyptians?” The general put his hands behind his head and had a very frustrated expression. “Israel is not a terrorist group, they are defending themselves from the aggressors. By enhance …”
“No!” Perez bellowed as she used her hands to emphasize her speech. “They are terrorists! They stole the land from the Palestinians during the Six-Day War in the 1960s and kept it until the Third World War! They terrorized the Palestinians for centuries! How can you say they are not terrorists?”
“Easy, I know the facts of the War and what the Palestinians did to provoke the Israelis, who acted in self-defense.” Richards remained calm and let down his hands.
“No, they were the aggressor and attacked the Palestinians without provocation! They took the Gaza Strip and the West Bank and occupied the land, taking it from the Palestinians. They built settlements for themselves and pushed the rightful owners off their land. The Palestinians are the good guys and must have their rights protected against the terrorists!” The captain paced before her screen.
“You don’t know your history very well, Captain.” Richards remained calm with his hands on his hips. “Many nations seem to have rewritten their history books to make Israel look bad. But, that does not change what happened. There are lots of film footage of the attacks by the Palestinians provoking Israel’s defensive response. There are video walkthroughs that prove the Palestinians were digging tunnels from Egypt to Israel to smuggle in their weapons to kill Jews. Records show that there were no Palestinians before Arafat and the PLO. It was always Israel’s land. They won it back in the 6-Day War.”
“It’s all doctored evidence, none of it is true!” Perez stopped her pace and turned to the general as she shook her fist at him. “Why can’t you see the truth? Israel is the aggressor!”
“I can ask you the same question. Why can’t you see the truth? Israel is the defender.” Richards remained calm, but his patience became thin. He motioned Sutherland to mute the signal to all the captains. Then he turned to Rocky. “Can you block them from using all weapons and their armories?”
“It’s already done, sir.” Rocky looked over the console readings. “I anticipated your order, sir.”
“You’ve been working with me far too long, Gunny.” He started to turn back to the communications sergeant.
“That’s an occupational hazard, sir!” Rocky chuckled as he went back to work.
Richards gave Sutherland the signal and she reinstated the message with the other ships. He turned back to the screen. “Now, we are at the station waiting to be assigned a docking port. When we dock, we will try to get our upgrades so we can travel to a new home. So, let’s put aside our differences and learn to work together.”
“No! We will never accept Israel! Either we get enhanced, or we will leave the convoy and find our own home!” Perez stood in the center and put her hands on her hips.
“If you leave, where would you go? We can’t survive out here if we don’t stick together. We are facing at least one hostile race and possibly more.” He put one hand on a hip and raised the other as emphasis.
“We will get help from the Bukka!” Perez crossed her arms in defiance.
“They won’t help you, they’re our aides, so who will help you?” General Richards held out his hands with palms up as if to say, ‘Well, who?’”
“We will meet others here.” She started to calm.
“Beware of strangers here.” Richards cautioned. “They may look passive on the outside, but they may be deadly on the inside. They could think of you as a tasty treat.”
“Why must you be the leader?” Perez went and sat on her chair. “Americans must always be the leader. Why can’t you follow like the rest of us? We get tired of you always being the leader.”
“It was decided before we left earth that the Americans would lead the operation until we reach our new home and then an international body would lead all nations. We are not at our new home yet. So, we must lead, or we will all fall apart.” The general strolled to the center and glared at the captain. “It will remain as decided until we reach our new home.”
“No! We will rule ourselves!” The captain cut off her signal. The Central and South American ships did the same.
“That’s 14 ships, sir.” Russell came to him from behind. “What will we do, sir?”
“They won’t go far.” Richards tried to remain calm, but the tension grew inside him. “They won’t get the new systems without us. They have nothing with which to buy things, including food and they’ll be out very soon.”
Sutherland broke in. “Sir, we’re getting a voice message from Dradik, sir.”
Richards looked at her. “Put it through.”
“Good day, My Friend!” Dradik’s voice came through. “I received a message from your people that they wish to be released. Is that approved by you?”
“Yes, let them go. The ships won’t be able to go far.” The general glanced up at the speakers. “They don’t have anything to buy food or supplies. They will have to give in and come back to the fold.”
“Understood, My Friend, I will let them go and see what they will do.” Dradik’s voice seemed to say, Oh, well. “We will keep watch over them.
“Thank you.” Richards started to pace as he held his head. “Beware, they will try to coax you into helping them. Don’t do it. They must learn to stand on their own.”
“Understood,” Dradik replied as he cut his signal.
Richards stopped and cringed as his headache became overwhelming. Russell came to him.
“Captain Mitchell to the bridge ASAP!” Russell called out as he led the general to his seat. “It’s the general!”
“On my way!” Mitchell’s voice called back.
Voices echoed in the general’s head. The captains’ demands and reactions played over and over in his head as they pounded him. Richards fought against the voices and the pain. Russell tried to hold him steady, but it was no use.
Mitchell entered dressed in his shorts. He rushed to the general’s aid and squatted in front of him as he looked down into his tortured eyes.
“Rocky, take the general to sickbay and make sure he gets there!” Mitchell bellowed his order as he continued to watch Richards.
Rocky came and led the general off the bridge.

Contents



CHAPTER 19 Decision

Rocky led his general to the nurses’ station window. Richards was slumped over as he held his head. The nurse pointed to the door and went to open it.
As they entered the doctor’s office, Dr. Collins made room for the general to sit. She cleared the chair and put the things on a table by the window. Then she and Rocky helped Richards into the chair.
“That will be all, Gunny.” Dr. Collins took her seat as she looked up at Rocky.
“Yes, ma’am!” Rocky and the nurse left the room and shut the door behind them.
Dr. Collins turned her attention to her patient. “Now, will you take your meds?” She gave him a stern glare. “If you don’t, I’ll have to relieve you of duty on the grounds you are medically unfit for duty. Is that clear, General?”
“Those pills won’t let me think clearly!” He fought against the voices and the pain.
“You need therapy and I’ll give you other meds to take that will let you think clearly. Not everyone can use the same meds. I’ll also give you some pain medication to help with the headaches.” She went to get the meds from a locked cabinet in the corner. Then she returned with them and entered the information into his chart. “These should help. Take the pain pill and lay down or you will be on the floor.”
“Yes, Doctor!” Richards replied as if to a superior officer.
Dr. Collins sighed and handed him the pills. “Now, take these as the bottle says. Don’t stop without talking to me. Understood?”
“Yes, Doctor!” He stood. “Anything else, Doctor?”
“Yes, have a seat, General.” The doctor became rather abrupt with him. He plopped with a heavy sigh. “I am serious about relieving you of duty. You may not take this seriously, but I have the authority and power to relieve you for as long as I deem necessary.”
“There’s nothing wrong with me, but a headache.” The general protested as he set the meds back on the desk.
“You were brought here in distress and Captain Mitchell had to relieve you of duty. You have PTSD and you will undergo treatment or be relieved of duty permanently!” Dr. Collins started to raise her voice at him. “Now, are you going to follow orders, or am I going to have to relieve you of duty?” He did not respond. “Fine, you’re relieved of all duties and confined to sickbay until you have completed treatment for PTSD.” She pressed her intercom button. “Captain Mitchell!”
“Yes, Dr. Collins, what is it?” Mitchell’s voice came over the commlink.
“General Michael C. Richards is relieved of all duties effective now and confined to sickbay until I release him. Send armed guards down to keep him in his bed.”
“Understood, ma’am! Right away, ma...” Mitchell’s voice sounded back as Dr. Collins cut him off. She turned to the general. “Now, General, to your bed!”
Richards sighed as he shook his head and stood. She took him to a bed and had him change into a hospital gown. He removed his uniform and unfolded the robe. The general put it on, but it did not fit very well, so he took it off and laid on the bed. The doctor shook her head and walked off as two armed guards stepped to the door and stood there.
The general rolled to one side and raised up on his elbow with his knee up. “Well, Guys, what is it with you?”
They did not respond; each had a weapon at his side ready for any trouble. They stepped back as a nurse came to the room.
She walked to the general and handed him a tray with a couple of pills and a small glass of water on it. “These will help with the headaches, sir.” The nurse waited for him to take them and then handed him the small glass of water.
After he took his pills and handed back the glass. “May I see my boys?”
“I don’t see why not, sir.” She turned to go. “I’ll check into it, sir.” She left as the guards stepped back into place.
Soon, the boys rushed in past the guards to their father. The general rolled to his side and welcomed his sons. “Hey, guys! What have you done today?”
Jonathan stood next to the bed with his hands on the edge. “We just went to school, Dad. We haven’t done anything else.”
Jacob hopped a couple of times and his father let down his arm. The boy wrapped his arms and legs around the limb while Richards lifted his boy on the bed. Jacob cuddled up to his dad and laid his head against his father’s chest. “What did you do, Tiger?” He looked down at his son.
“I go to school like big kids, Daddy.” He reached up and placed a hand on his father’s chest.
“I know you guys went to school, but what did you do in school?” He wrapped an arm gently around his son and held him close. But he seemed to be uneasy about it. He put his hand on Jacob’s head and drew him in and kissed him on the head.
“Dad, can we go out tonight?” Jonathan turned toward the guards. “What are they for?”
“I can’t leave here for a while, sorry.” The general watched his son as he walked to the guards.
“Why are you here?” He stopped a little way from them.
“We are to keep him here until the doc says he can leave.” The guard on the left squatted to the boy’s level.
“What he do?” The boy gave him a stern look.
“I don’t know. We were just told to come and keep your Dad here until the doc says otherwise.”
Jonathan turned and went back to his father. “What did you do, Dad?”
“It’s not what I did, it’s what is wrong with me.” Richards thought for a moment. “I have Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. That means I am reacting to something that was very scary like facing death and near death. The doctor says I can’t do my job until I deal with this. To make sure I deal with it, I am kept here.”
“What do you have to do to deal with it?” Jonathan seemed worried as his expression changed.
“I have to take medications and go through therapy.” His father reached over and gently pulled his son close. He hugged him. “It will be alright. I’ll have someone stay with you while I’m here.” He rolled to his back with Jacob on top of him. Then pressed a button on a hand-held unit. “Rocky!”
“Yes, sir!” Rocky’s voice came back.
“Will you please come by sickbay when you get off duty?” Richards spoke into the mic.
“Certainly, sir!” Rocky replied.
“Thank you, Richards out.” He pressed the button again and put the unit back. The general looked down at Jacob. “Hey, Tiger, what do you have to say for yourself?”
“Nodding.” Jacob stayed where he was.
Later, Rocky entered as the boys sat on the edge of the bed with their father between them. “What can I do for you, sir?” He stopped in front of the trio.
“I need you to care for the boys while I am in here for treatment. I don’t know for how long.” Richards rested his forearms on the boys’ heads like they were armrests. “They should be no problem, except when they’re awake.”
“Oh wow, thanks, sir.” Rocky chuckled and held his hands out to the boys. They went to him with smiles on their faces.
“Can we go to the game room?” Jonathan wrapped an arm around Rocky’s waist and looked up at him.
“And have pizza every night!” Jacob added as he ran into Rocky’s thigh with a thud. “And Macaroni with Cheese!”
“Wait a minute!” Rocky looked down at them. “Where am I going to get that stuff out here?”
“You’d dah adult, you figure it out.” Jacob clung to the gunny’s thigh.
“Come on, Gents, let’s get out of here so your Dad can get treated.” Rock turned and led the boys out of the room as a male doctor entered with an odd machine.
“G’day to you, General Richards!” The man was cheerful and had a strong Australian accent. “I just have to get you attached to this machine and we’ll get some baseline readings and go from there.”
However, Richards suddenly started to appear sick. His cheeks puffed up as he held his hand over his mouth. Then he ran out of the room.
“The dunny is around the ….” He watched the general run. The general stopped and looked at him strangely. “The head, the restroom, the lavatory! You know the dunny!”
Richards disappeared and there was an upchuck sound as the doctor shook his head.
“The dunny needs a clean’in.” The doctor turned and began to get ready for the test. The toilet flushed and water ran. Then the general returned in a slow gait. “Hop on the bunk and we’ll get started.” Richards laid gingerly on the bed and the doctor started to apply the leads. “I am Doctor Kirkland and I’ll be administering Biofeedback.” He applied the leads to the scalp, forehead, face, and chest. “We will find out what the triggers are and learn to overcome the nightmares and the sudden attacks. We can eventually stop the nightmares and return to a normal life. But, you must remember you are not alone. Millions of people have it and there are many groups to help you. We will help you develop a support group, so you do not need to face this alone.”
“There’s a way to get rid of this?” Richards sat up abruptly.
“Yes, some may have to live with it the rest of their lives, but we can help them to live with it and be able to return to a more normal life again.” The doctor started the machine. “Now, I will ask you questions and I need you to give honest answers. They will be hard emotionally to answer. I want to draw out what you have pinned inside you. The readings from the wires will tell me what is bothering you the most. Your blood pressure, pulse, and even twitches will tell me where to go with the questions to lead us to an open door in your nightmares.” The general laid back. Dr. Kirkland took a few basic readings as a baseline. “What was the war like for you?”
“Why do you have to ask me that?” He stared at the ceiling. “I entered the Marines at 18, which was around the middle of the 100 years of war. I was just a scrawny kid straight out of High School. The Marines drafted me and I was so scared. I didn’t know what would happen.”
“You’re doing fine.” Dr. Kirkland marked various places as the machine showed responses to the general’s vital signs.
“I was taken to a secret station and put through a tough boot camp for what seemed an eternity. Then they put me through very tough tests both physical and psychological. There were only seven of us that past all the tests. We were then taken to sickbay and placed on examination beds. The medical staff strapped us down and came at us with needles. They injected us with a serum.” Richards became tense. He stiffened his body. “Nothing happened for a while, but then everything went sideways. Thoughts went through my head so fast I couldn’t stand it. I just cried out in agony. The headaches were unbelievable. But, that was not all that was happening to me. My bones ached and felt like they were breaking over and over. My body was swelling up like some balloon. I felt my strength increase beyond imagination. The noises around me were deafening and I heard people’s hearts beat. I saw a straw fall off a counter and I thought I would go deaf from the sound of it hitting the floor. I remembered things I had forgotten in my mother’s womb. I recalled images that I had only seen in a blink of an eye from early childhood. I could remember the first time I saw my mother after birth. It wasn’t a distinct view, but it was there. The thoughts and memories were overwhelming. My skin felt like people put needles in every centimeter of my body. They poked me over and over and over.
“After a while, things began to settle. I opened my eyes and saw what had happened to me. I wasn’t scrawny anymore; instead, I looked like some bodybuilder ready for a competition. My briefs were ribbons. I felt on top of the world. I sat up and looked around to see the tortured bodies of my comrades. Not one survived. I felt so alone.”
“You’re doing great, General.” Dr. Kirkland continued to check wires, readings, and his patient as the story unfolded.
“Days later, they paraded me out before the Senators and Congressmen in a robe. The lead doctor introduced me as the future of super troopers. The Army and Marines were together in this insane project they called ‘Project Goliath.’ One doctor came up behind me and removed the robe. I was forced to stand naked before all. Instead of applause, they booed and shouted things that hurt me so deeply. They called me ‘Monster, Beast, Demon, Animal,’ and words I can’t repeat. I remember feeling so torn inside. The changes were over, but I was breaking inside. I was so scrawny and dreamed of muscles like the other guys, but now, I hurt even more because I was no longer human. I was a monster. I was an animal they would parade around to get Congress to give them more money. They would poke and prod me like some pin cushion. They made me do feats of strength and workout for hours every day and my body continued to grow. I was bending bars like they were Styrofoam or something. I was a circus freak, a lab rat, nothing more. They called me by a lab number instead of my name.
“Then one day, I was given a uniform to wear. It was the first time I wore any cloth in years. It felt so good to finally cover myself. The Marines transported me to the frontline of the war and told me to disable the enemy lines. I was left alone without any tools of any kind.” Richards closed his eyes.
“Okay, get to the part where you were disabling the enemy strongholds.” Dr. Kirkland looked over the leads on the general.
“I found one detachment near a river.” Richards put his knees in the air. “I hid in some bushes as a platoon of soldiers started my way. They came to my locale and stopped. The soldiers just stood there at attention. I watched from the bushes as the leader goose-stepped around the group and stopped right in front of me. The Soldier turned and looked directly at me. He said something in an Asian language. Two soldiers from various parts of the platoon came out and toward me. I was soon surrounded. But, I did not move. One pulled out a pistol of some sort. I kept an eye on that one, but I failed to keep the same vigilance on the other. To my misfortune, I ended up in a small iron box with no windows. I was kept in the box for days. The heat was unbearable and I was given no food or water. I couldn’t take it anymore, so I stood and forced my way out the top of the box. I couldn’t believe I did that. I jumped out of the small box and searched for a way out of the compound. I didn’t get far and the enemy came after me with police dogs and heavily armed troops. They surrounded me quickly, but I went from place to place. One of the soldiers shot me with a teaser and I fell to the ground in agony. I tried to block the pain. I focused hard on doing it. The pain faded even though they shot me again. I was still learning my new abilities. Then I stood and looked at them all ready to pounce on me. I squatted and pushed off with all my might, so I went airborne and over them. I landed behind them and bolted for the main gate. I busted through the metal gates like a tank busts through the paper.”
“That’s good.” Dr. Kirkland marked the electronic pad in places of interest. “Now, that is enough for now. You are getting agitated and we need to learn to keep your vitals down so we can manage the problems you face.” He came over and started to disconnect the wires. “Will you now agree to treatment?”
Richards thought for a moment. “Yeah, I guess so.”
“No guessing, General.” The doctor took off some more wires. “You must fully agree and then I will see about Dr. Collins’s agreement to let you out of here and even possibly go back to duty.”
“Okay! I’ll do it.” The general sat up. “What will we do about the problems?” He sighed as he put his knees to his chest and his head to his knees.
“We must find a way to release your tension before you explode.” He removed the blood pressure wrap. “Your workouts in the gym are an effective way to start. Increase your intensity and lengthen the time. You might even teach your boys to do it.”
“That would be a struggle.” The general shook his head and looked up at the doctor. “Jacob is the only one who will even fake trying.”
“Sometimes, it takes someone from outside the family to get them going. Just like it takes someone out of your relationships to get you to get treatment.” The doctor put the wires and leads away. “I’ll go and see what the chief doctor will say.” Dr. Kirkland left the room as the guards remained unmoved from their posts.
Richards looked around and saw a bar over the bed. He stood on the bunk and raised himself by the bar and started chin-ups, one-handed, two-handed, and every way else he could think. However, the bar began to bend. He let himself down and shook his head.

Contents



CHAPTER 20 Docked

Richard read a tablet in his sickbay room when the intercom buzzed. He put the pad down quickly and answered the intercom. He put the handheld unit close to his mouth.
“Hello?” He sat up on the bed with his knees in the air.
“Sir, we have Bohinan showing up at the station.” Mitchell’s voice came over the intercom.
“I’ll be there ASAP.” The general pressed the button again. He started to get off the bed and looked at the guards. He hung his head. After a moment, he turned and reached over the bed for his intercom. “Mitchell!”
“Yes, sir?” The captain’s voice came back.
“I can’t come to the bridge, I have guards keeping me here.” The general leaned on the bed. “How many of our ships have docked?”
“Only 10 more ships need to dock including us, sir.” Mitchell’s voice sounded promptly. “We are to dock in the next 10 minutes, sir.”
“Good, I’ll try to get the doctor to release me to take care of the situation.” Richards stood straight. “I’ll be there when I can.”
“Yes, s…!” Mitchell’s voice sounded as the general cut him off. He put the unit back and went to the guards. “Can I go see Dr. Collins?” He stood before them with his hands on his hips.
“We can’t leave our posts, sir.” One guard looked at him.
Richards glanced down and then reached up and grabbed both guards by the yoke of their shirts and pulled them along with him as he went to find the doctor. The young guards had shocked expressions and glanced at each other as their commander led them around sickbay.
They came to the doctor’s office where the general knocked.
“Enter!” came Dr. Collins’s voice through the door.
Richards opened the door and pushed the guards through. Then he entered. The guards looked at the doctor shocked. Richards stood behind the guards.
“Why are you here?” She stood from her desk. “You’re supposed to be in your room.”
“I haven’t passed my guards, so I’m still legal.” He pushed the guards back a step so she could see him better. “I need to get to the bridge. It’s urgent. We have Bohinan coming to the station. We still have 10 ships to dock. Check with Captain Mitchell, he’ll verify the situation. He needs my assistance. May I go assist?”
Dr. Collins pondered for a moment and then sighed as she dropped her head. “Okay but be back here as soon as the situation is resolved.”
“Yes, ma’am!” He turned around to leave.
“You better get dressed first!” She called out as he went out the door with the guards in tow.
Mitchell greeted Richards as he walked through the door of the bridge. The captain handed an electronic pad to him. The general looked it over quickly.
“The Japanese ship spotted them just a few minutes ago,” Mitchell reported.
“We still have 10 ships waiting to dock?” Richards read over the report again. “How long before the rest of us can dock?”
“At least an hour, sir.” Mitchell watched him. “There has been a delay, sir. I know I told you I had everything under control, but I thought you would want to know about this.”
“Yes, thank you. Let’s hope this bunch of Bohinan doesn’t know who we are.” Richards handed back the pad.
“It seems to be a special ship, sir.” Mitchell pressed some buttons on the pad and showed the picture of the ships. “There’s one big ship with several smaller ones around it.”
“Hmm.” Richards looked at the pad with interest. “It could be a diplomatic ship of some sort. There would be any number of reasons for it to come here. But we’re sitting ducks for any attack.”
“Sir, we have an incoming call from Dradik’s ship.” Sutherland looked over at them.
“Put it through.” Richards walked to the center of the bridge.
“There is an ambassador aboard the ship.” Dradik’s voice came over the speaker. “I wouldn’t be too worried about them. We are keeping watch over them just in case.”
“Know when the rest of us can dock?” Richards stopped and turned to his chair.
“Nothing yet.” Dradik sounded cheerful as ever. “Don’t appear too scared of them. As you say, ‘Hang loose.’”
“That’s an old saying. Where did you get that?” The general looked confused at the captain. Besides, that’s easier said than done when you have thousands of lives in the balance.” Richards sat.
“I understand, My Friend.” Dradik’s voice came over the intercom. “But showing fear to the Bohinan only encourages them more. How are your boys doing?”
“Fine, Rocky is with them.” Richards looked around at all the activity on the bridge.
“I see.” Dradik’s voice came over the intercom.
“Do you have children?” Richards looked at the main screen.
“Yes, but they all grew up hundreds of years ago.” Dradik’s voice sounded proud.
“You mean a few years ago.” Richards looked at Mitchell again.
“No, hundreds of years ago.” Dradik’s voice emphasized. “My people have very long lifespans. I’m over 5,000 of your years old myself.”
“Wow!” Richards looked forward quickly. “You don’t talk much about your people.”
“My people travel about the galaxy helping out travelers,” Dradik explained. “We usually focus on the people we’re helping instead of on ourselves. When you are given much in life, much is expected of you. That is the motto my people live by. I must go. Don’t worry too much about this ship.”
“Thank you.” Richards looked at Mitchell.
“Sir,” Mitchell looked at him. “I wouldn’t let our guard down.”
“That was his point, too.” Richards looked at the others on the bridge. “Just don’t press any buttons too quickly.”
“Yes, sir!” Mitchell walked to him.
“Sir,” Sutherland looked up from her console. “We’re getting another incoming radio message. It’s in some strange language. It sounds like mooing, sir.”
“It’s the Bohinan no doubt.” Richards glanced at her. “But we can’t understand them.”
“They’re just demanding you step aside for them and allow them to dock before you.” Dradik’s voice sounded over the intercom. “Just ignore them. They do this to everyone.”
“Okay, thank you.” Richards looked at the main screen.
“Sir, ships are reporting that the Bohinan are coming dangerously close to them,” Sutherland reported urgently.
“Tell them to stand their ground.” Richards studied the screen. “The Bohinan are just trying to intimidate.”
“Yes, sir!” She relayed the message. “They say, ‘That’s easy for you to say.’”
“If they want, tell them to shoot a cutting beam across their bow. Just don’t hit them while we’re here.” Richards suggested as he glanced at her.
“Yes, sir!”
“My Friend, we’ve just received word regarding your docking.” Dradik’s voice came over the speaker. “I’ll send you the docking numbers for each ship. Again, ignore the Bohinan. They may try to force their way in first.”
“Understood,” Richards replied.
“I’m receiving the docking ports now, sir.” Sutherland looked up at Richards. She was busy as she pressed many buttons.
“Assign one for each ship.” Richards looked at the helmsman. “Helmsman, take us in.”
“Aye, sir!” The helmsman laid in a course for the dock.
“Sir, the Bohinan are attempting to squeeze in before us.” Rocky’s relief looked up from his station.
“Fire a cutting beam across their bow!” Richards looked at his chair’s screen. “Make it as close as you can without touching them!”
“Yes, sir!” He pressed some buttons. “They’re backing off …  a little, sir.”
“The Bohinan are demanding the docking tower give them priority over your ships.” Dradik’s voice came over the speaker. “I explained the urgency of your situation and that you are the equivalent of an ambassador yourself. I told them you are the last of your people and you’ve come from another system. The tower upheld your docking order. Of course, that made the Bohinan mad.”
“Thank you.” Richards looked up.
“We’re about to dock, sir.” the helmsman turned toward Richards. “Seal is secured, sir.”
“Good, let’s see what’s going on here.” Richards looked at the main screen. “Hunter and Scott, you’re with me. You have control, Mitchell.”
“Yes, sir!” Mitchell stepped to the command chair.
The general took his two men to the airlock where they met the stewards. Hunter was a Marine Corporal and Scott was a civilian who wanted to become a Marine. The stewards opened the hatch for them.
“No one else is to leave the ship unless I call for troops,” Richards emphasized with his finger as the trio left the ship.
“Yes, sir!” The stewards closed the door after the trio left the ship.

Contents



CHAPTER 21 Ryko

Richards, Hunter, and Scott strolled down the docking ramp. They met Dradik as they reached a place of high activity. The people stopped their business and looked at the strangers. The loud music nearly drowned out the mumble of their speech. Hunter’s sensitive nose picked up many exciting scents as they stood near the market.
“We need to find an attorney for you.” Dradik turned to walk with them.
“Why is that?” Richards turned his attention from an odd band to him.
“The Bohinan are planning to file a suit against you. They are filing for salvage rights, which would give them legal control over you and your ships.” Dradik started to turn back the way he came.
“Really?” Richards glanced forward. “Do you know of any good attorneys here that are not afraid of the Bohinan?”
“Of course, I do.” Dradik seemed to glide into the market place as the people were gawking at them. “This one is a Widan. He has eyes all over his face. He has white skin and long white hair. He’s good for keeping track of multiple things.”
“I would imagine, having so many eyes.” Richards watched the people as he walked. “Lead the way!”
Dradik led the humans through the market place. The people stared at Richards and the others. They started to point and talk among themselves. Some ventured to come closer to them. Richards politely nodded to the aliens. Some nodded in return. Others crowded around the humans. Richards stopped and a few reached out to touch him and Hunter. They drew back in shock as they felt their arms.
Hunter liked the attention he has received and puffed himself up. The aliens’ eyes became big as Hunter and now Scott became bigger still.
“Okay, Guys, let’s stay focused on our mission.” Richards looked at them.
“Yes, sir!” Hunter let the air out.
The enlarged crowd stopped at the elevators. Dradik led them into one as the doors opened for them. The elevator soon whisked them out of view.
The elevator stopped at the top level where Dradik led them off and down a corridor. This level had offices rather than shops. Dradik stopped in front of an office halfway down the hallway. He opened the chrome door and led the trio into the office.
The office was a peach color with pictures of strange plants on the walls. Hunter noticed the familiar scent of peaches. He grinned as he entered the office and motioned to Scott to sniff the air. Scott did. His eyes became big. A woman of Widan origin focused on Dradik with her many eyes.
“How may I help you, sir?” The woman spoke to Dradik in Lorana.
“My friends here are from another part of the galaxy and are having problems with the Bohinan trying to take their ships and people,” Dradik explained as he and the others stopped at the counter.
“Is there a legal action against them?” The woman looked at Richards and his men as well as Dradik.
“Not yet.” Dradik stepped to the right and forced the woman to turn her eyes to him. “The Bohinan ambassador just arrived and plans to make a salvage claim. My friends have been on their ships always. They will make improvements on their ships while they are here.”
“I understand.” The woman looked back at Richards. “It sounds like the ‘Bohinan verses Lassan’ case again. Let me get Ryko. He handles many such cases by the Bohinan nearly every tores.”
“Thank you.” Dradik turned toward Richards.
The female went in the back office and returned quickly with a male of the species. The male came around the counter.
Ryko gave the Loranan greeting and looked the humans over. “I’m Ryko.”
“Yes, I am Dradik of the Bukka.” Dradik held out his hand to the humans. “These are my human friends from the Sol system.”
“Ah, Dradik.” Ryko looked at him. “I didn't recognize you in this form.”
“Yes, it helps to work with the humans.” Dradik looked at him.
The human trio looked shocked as Dradik interpreted what was said. ‘In this form?” Richards looked at Dradik.
“Yes, my people take the form of the people they assist. We are shapeshifters.” Dradik looked at Richards. “Our form is a mist. That’s why you could not see anything in our ships.”
“Wow!” Scott looked at Dradik.
“Stay focused, Guys.” Richards turned to Scott and then back at Dradik. “The Bohinan are about to file a salvage claim against us. We need to defend against it.”
“Yes.” Dradik turned his attention to Ryko. “The Bohinan are trying the salvage claim against their ships and them.”
“They try that route with about everyone they meet,” Ryko explained in Lorana. “Do they speak Lorana?”
“Not yet I’m afraid.” Dradik folded his hands in front of him. “I’ll help with the conversation.”
“Let’s go back to my office.” Ryko pointed toward his back office. “I have many cases. The Bohinan are trying to take on the whole empire.” Ryko shook his head as he turned around.
Ryko led the men back to his office as they passed many cubicles with various species. All appeared to be female. They looked up while the humans passed by. Ryko stopped at an office door while Dradik entered and sat on a chair near the door. The humans sat in the other three chairs. Then Ryko came in and walked around his messy desk. Before he sat, he cleared off his table. He then took a new electronic pad from a beige container and laid it on the counter.
“What is the species?” Ryko began to enter information.
“Human.” Dradik watched Ryko.
“I’m not too sure how to spell that, but we’ll work on it.” Ryko entered the data the best he could. “Now, in what quadrant did the problems begin?”
“In 215-897-32-25.” Dradik continued. “They are originally from the Sol system, very far from here. They had to travel in suspended animation.”
“Okay.” Ryko typed into the pad. “Was anyone awake while they traveled?”
Dradik passed on the question.
“Yes, for 45 of our years.” Richards looked at Ryko. “Our ships were attacked by Bohinan. We still have a Bohinan skeleton.”
Dradik passed the answer-back.
“That’s unusual for them to attack. But, having proof of it will help your case.” Ryko typed in the information. “How long was your travel?”
“Three hundred years,” Richards told him.
“What is your reason for coming here?” Ryko looked at Richards.
“We were looking for another planet to live on, but our engines are not fast enough.” Richards could not bear to look at him long. “Dradik, here, brought us here to get new engines and other things.”
“Okay, you are making improvements.” Ryko continued to question. “That’s good. Have you abandoned your ships at any time?”
“No, we had nowhere to go.” Richards glanced at him. “We are told that we have to stay in hotel rooms while our ships are being worked on.”
“That’s okay.” Ryko looked at Dradik. “That’s okay as long as it’s to work on the ships. How long will you be here?”
Richards looked at Dradik.
“About 45 imperial tores.” Dradik glanced at Richards.
“That’s a long time.” Ryko looked at Richards. “You must require a lot of work.”
“Yes.” Richards only glanced at him. “We are about some 1,000 years behind you.”
Ryko looked at Dradik. “They don’t like to look at me.”
Dradik looked at him “They are not used to looking at anyone with multiple eyes.
Ryko closed most of his eyes and it seemed all he had were two eyes.
“Wow! That’s a disguise.” Hunter looked at him.
“Hunter!” Richards looked at Hunter then at Ryko.
“Are you any relation to the Tomabe?” Ryko typed into his pad.
“The who?” Richards looked from Ryko to Dradik.
“The Tomabe.” Ryko stopped. “They’re our slaves on the station. You look like them.”
“They could be the descendants of the humans who were taken off our ships.” Richards looked shocked. “We would have to run tests on them.”
“That shouldn’t be hard.” Ryko typed again. “We’ll include a counter-charge of kidnapping your people. We’ll do the tests first and then show you are the same people.”
“That would be great.” Richards looked at Dradik. “We need to find out what happened.”
“Okay,” Ryko typed some more. “I’ll write this up and file it with the court.”
“How long before we go to court on this?” Richards looked at them both.
“It depends on how long before the Bohinan file their claim.” Ryko finished his work.
Everyone stood. Richards reached out to shake hands, but Ryko looked at him oddly.
“People don’t shake hands here.” Dradik looked at Richards.
Richards withdrew his hand. Dradik led the humans out. As they waited for the elevator, Richards turned to Dradik.
“How long are 45 imperial tores in our time?” Richards followed Dradik.
“About one year.” Dradik glanced around as he walked. “It’s an unusually long time to be docked. We need to be ready for the tricks of the Bohinan. They may snatch your people.”
“How are we to account for over 40, 000 people, sir?” Scott looked at Richards.
“Notify the people of the danger and hope they stay close to each other.” Richards looked back at him. “Everyone is on duty, twelve-hour shifts.”
“Yes, sir!” Hunter looked at him.

Contents



CHAPTER 22 The King

Mootoomoo rushed down a corridor of his ship on all fours. Others in a herd fashion followed him also on all fours. They reached the port door where two guards opened the door. As they did, a bull in royal robes stood at the door.
“It’s about time you opened the door!” He bellowed out in Bohinan. “I’ve been waiting for a yeren. What is wrong with you?”
Mootoomoo lowered his head to the king. “I was not told you were here, Your Majesty.”
The king and his entourage pushed past them and walked onto their ship. The others followed him in with their heads low. The king stopped and turned.
“Where is this creature you have?” The king looked down his muzzle at the others. “Hurry! I haven’t much time!”
The bulls spread out to find Samson. Samson came leisurely down the corridor from the opposite direction in his rag. The king spotted him as he came toward them.
“Is that your beast?” The king pointed at Samson. “Why does he have clothes on?”
“His kind insist on clothes, Your Majesty.” Mootoomoo went to Samson. “Must you wear that awful rag?” He scolded the human
“I am a Marine and I will wear my uniform, or whatever is close to it?” Samson replied in English as he stopped between the king and Mootoomoo. “I am not an animal that goes around without clothes.”
“What did he say?” It puzzled the royal, so Mootoomoo explained it to him. The king frowned at the human. “You are an animal and you will not wear clothes!” He bellowed at him. He motioned to the guards to seize Samson.
They approached the captive, but Samson did not allow them to take his rag. He beat them back with speed and force they could not handle. They pounced on him, but he threw them off him. The bulls backed away as Mootoomoo stepped in and blew a dart at Samson. O’Connor fell to the floor in a heap and the guards carried him down the corridor. Mootoomoo led the king to the bridge.
There the king took the command chair and treated it more like his throne. He mooed orders to the crew and the screen showed a bull with a special medallion around his neck. “Ambassador Moomoosnort, is the case filed yet?” The royal glared at him.
“Moooooooo!” the ambassador lowered his head to the king. “The hearing is set for tomorrow at moohoo moosnort.”
“Good, I want these beasts on Bohina!” The king hollered as he threw back his head and lowered it. “You best win the case! You have not pleased me in past cases. You lose this case, you die!”
“Moooooooo, Your Lordship!” He threw his head back several times and then lowered it. “I will not displease you again.”
The king waved his hand, the little he could, and a bull cut the signal. He turned to Mootoomoo and stared at him as he narrowed his eyes.
“Moooooooo, Your Majesty, I will get him.” The ship’s commander went to get Samson.
Later, Mootoomoo returned with Samson and a few guards. The human wore only his rag. They stopped in front of the king who turned to them and examined the beast.
“He is well developed.” He came to look the captive more closely. “Limbs are large and powerful.” The king moved Samson’s arms as he felt them. “How much power does he have?”
“He can lift a bull off the floor with one hand, Your Majesty.” Mootoomoo mimed the action. “The creature can bend steel with his bare hands.” He mimed that motion. “Even our moo snort cannot hold him. He just forces his way out of the bubble like it is snort.”
“Like snort?” The royal continued to look the human over. As he did, Samson began to flex for him. But, the king was unimpressed. He ignored it. “This creature will work well in the mines. What is the species? Where is he from?”
“His species is unknown, Your Majesty.” Mootoomoo reached for the rag, but Samson stopped him. “Where he is from is also unknown.”
The king grabbed the back of the rag and started to pull, but Samson caught him and the power forced the king to let go. “He is very protective of his covering.” The king went behind the beast and pulled again on the rag.
Samson quickly turned to face him and hoisted him up overhead with one hand. The king dangled with a horrified expression while the captive held him aloft.
“Moooooooo, he is very protective.” Mootoomoo motioned his bulls to get the king down.
The bulls came after the human and he beat them back with one hand and alternation of his feet as he continued to hold their king in the air. After the bulls gave up and stood back, Samson heaved the king on them with his one hand.
The royal stood and adjusted his royal clothes as he walked back to the human. “I weigh over 700 moogrunt and he still can lift me with one hand.” He flapped his ears as he twisted his head one way and then the other. “If the other males of his species are just as strong, we will be able to get the Gyogite out of our hills. We’ll use him at the trial to get the others to surrender to us.”
“Moooooooo, Your Majesty.” Mootoomoo lowered his head in submission.
Samson looked puzzled at the conversation they had as he stood nearby. He felt out of place as he could not understand anything. He frowned as the king looked him over again as he continued to discuss something with Mootoomoo. The other bulls joined the discussion as well. But, Samson would not standby as the dialogue continued.
The human went and hoisted the king with one hand and Mootoomoo with the other. “Now, tell me what is going on?”
Mootoomoo tried to get down. “You are to help us snare your people. You will be the bait. Let us down!” The captive lowered and raised the two several times. “No, down on the floor!” The bull shook his fist.
Samson threw the two into a bank of computers and sparks flew everywhere. He went to them and grabbed them by their throats. “I will never be your bait! I will not betray my people!”
The guards came after him as he shook their leaders like rag dolls. The bulls tried to free their superiors, but they could not break Samson’s powerful grip.
O’Connor shook the leaders more. “What is the plan?”
Mootoomoo finally explained their plan, but the human was not about to play their game. “And you will obey, or we will destroy your people one-by-one if need be!”
“We have had enough of that tactic!” He yelled in their faces which made the king cringe. “We are people like any other! We will not serve you in your homeworld!”
“Do not be so sure.” Mootoomoo stood and helped the king up. “We can overpower you. You do not know our power, but you will learn Animal!”
The king motioned to the bulls to take the captive away. They obeyed him promptly. Samson did not resist them, but he gave the leaders a stern glare on the way off the bridge.
The sergeant found himself back in his cell with two guards at the door. He paced around and then went to the center of the cell. Samson began to do push-ups and handstand push-ups. After that, he did other calisthenics.
When he finished, he went to the front wall and stared at the guards. “I bet you guys can’t do any of that.”
The guards gazed at each other with confused expressions. Then they came to the wall. The larger one started to moo and made strange motions.
“I guess you can’t. You need a lot of work to get into shape, Fellas.” Samson started to laugh at the guards. “You guys are sissies.” He pointed at them as he continued to laugh.
The bulls started to get agitated and opened the cell door. One beast entered with his weapon pointed at the amused Marine. The bull stuck the barrel of the firearm in Samson’s chest. Before the bull realized what transpired, he was on the floor without his weapon.
The Marine dashed for the doorway and the other guard. He managed to disable the guard before he could reset the door. The human left the room and headed down the corridor to a door near a junction of halls. He opened the door and found the hidden rock he put there earlier. He wrapped it in some cloth and left the small room.
As he continued down the corridor, he came upon more bulls. They communicated hectically as they rushed about the ship with weapons ready for action. Samson hid around a corner as a herd came toward him.
With them passed, he darted around the corner and down a different corridor to a design on the wall. It looked like a map of the maze of paths. He found his passage and followed it to a blue block. The block showed a doorway to the outside. He hurried on to the place it marked. As he reached the junction, he felt a weapon in his back.

Contents



CHAPTER 23 Revelation

Samson stood still with the weapon in his back as the bull pushed it harder. The human spun around and grabbed the gun from the beast with his free hand as he held a bundle with his other hand. He pointed the weapon at the bull and heard the cock of several weapons behind him. The sergeant froze and the first bull took back his gun. He struck the Marine with the stock of the weapon, but it did not faze the human.
The other bulls pulled Samson down a corridor away from the docking port. He studied the walls and junctions along the way to their destination. They all appeared the same; however, he did notice slight differences in the markings on the floors. He memorized the markings the best he could. They went for a while, then he stopped.
The bulls jabbed him with the barrels of their weapons. Then they rolled on the floor as they moaned. One noticed Samson vanished. The beasts started to moo frantically.
Samson walked down a corridor as he tied his side strap again and checked his bundle. He checked all the markings on the floor while he retraced the steps he made. The Marine listened carefully to all the sounds in the corridors. There were bangs in the walls like pipes with air in them when you run water. There were sounds of bulls in the distance as they mooed and made their other noises. There were even the sounds of his own heart as it beat in his chest.
Soon he found the docking door. He checked the corridors and went to the door. He opened it slowly as it creaked. With it part way open, he slid out with his bundle and down the ramp to an unsecured area.
He saw bright colored shops and carts all around. There was loud music of unknown type, but it appealed to him. The creatures shocked him as much as he startled them. They stared at him and whispered to each other as they came to check him out. He looked around free to go where he wanted, but where would he go? How could he find his ship?
Samson went from place to place as he searched for his people and all the while the aliens stared and gawked at him as they approached to check him over. He was a zoo animal out of its cage as O'Connor went from docking ramp to docking ramp in search of a human ship. He looked in the viewing windows at the vessel. They were strange and of assorted sizes and shapes. The writing on them was of unusual forms.
He went from level to level in search of his people. All he saw were strange aliens who gawked at him as if they saw an animal loose from its pen. Several tried to corral him like an animal.
He sat his bundle on the floor and readied himself. Several males surrounded him as they cautiously approached. The Marine took notice of each creature that came toward him. Some took sticks and prodded him as they hoped he would move in the direction they wanted. But, he grabbed their sticks out of their hands and beat them with their own sticks.
Security guards marched in and the people backed off. The guards approached the human and tried to capture the stray animal with their nets and hooks. Trapped by a web, Samson grabbed the ropes and broke them. He stepped out through the hole in the net. 
Guards aimed their weapons and Samson stood still with the net at his feet. They motioned for the human to go the way the guards came. He held his ground. One guard shot his weapon and they all hit the floor before the ray reached Samson’s position.
Samson picked up his bundle and walked away as the people looked on too scared to follow. The sergeant came to the main center of a market place where he caught a glimpse of a human head amongst the crowd, but he was too far away. So, Samson made his way quickly in that direction. He had to push and shove his way through the dense crowd. But, the human he sought was not there anymore.
He went in the direction he saw the human travel. There came a junction of five corridors. The Marine did not know which way to go. The man chose the middle tunnel for no reason. He followed it to a ship with familiar markings. It was not English, but it was an earth ship.
A broad smile came over his face as he walked to the port door. The door opened as he approached and a steward stepped out to greet him.
“Moi!” Samson called out in Finnish. “Do you know where the USS Washington is docked?”
The young Finn called back. “Moi! It is on level five, one more level up and at port 16. You’ll have to look around. I can’t read these signs. Even the numbers look strange.”
“Okay, kiiti!” Samson turned and left.
“Ei kestä! Näkemiin!” The steward closed the door.
The Marine arrived on the next level and looked around at the signs on the walls. He noticed one that looked like a map. Samson went to it and studied it for a few moments. Then he turned to go down a corridor. He came to a port and met Hunter as he went from the port.
“Master Gunnery Sergeant, you’re out of uniform!” Hunter stopped in front of him with his hands on his hips. “Don’t let the general catch you like that.”
“He’ll understand. Besides I still managed to keep some of it.” He held up his bundle of torn uniform and rock. “The Bohinan don’t believe their slaves should wear clothes. I had to use a rag to make this covering.” He stood with hands out to let Hunter see.
“Doesn’t cover much, Master Gunnery Sergeant. It’s like you’re in your posing trunks.” Hunter looked him over. “You should get dressed before reporting to the general anyway, Master Gunnery Sergeant.”
“I don’t have time. I must report to the general immediately.” Samson moved on while Hunter went his way.
Aboard the USS Washington, Samson went directly to the bridge. There he reported to the general. “General Richards, I have something of interest.”
Richards looked and noticed his sergeant’s attire. “What is it?” He stood to examine the rock.
“I don’t know, sir. The Bohinans call it ‘Gyogite.’ They plan to make us mine it for them on their homeworld.” He showed the general all angles of the rock.
“Let’s take it down to the lab and have our scientists check it out.” Richards led Samson off the bridge.
As they entered the lab, the staff was busy at their different stations with their research. The duo walked up to the workers smartly and one worker looked up.
“Good morning, sir!” She removed her protective glasses.
“Good morning. I need someone to analyze this rock and tell me what it is. We may have a way to level the playing field with these aliens.” He took the rock from Samson and handed it over to the worker.
The worker took the rock and set it on a platform. She turned on a machine that analyzed the rock in seconds. However, she looked confused. “It’s an unknown composite, sir. We don’t have anything like it on earth. Where did you get it?”
“I took it off a Bohinan ship.” Samson adjusted his rag. “It powers the ship and could give us a way to disable them. But, we need to know what it is made of and how we can neutralize it.” He tied the sides of his rag yet again.
She ran another test on it and found something strange about the rock. “It appears to have some sort of gaseous byproduct when heat is applied.”
“Can that gas produce energy?” Richards looked at the test results on her screen.
“I don’t know, sir.” She looked at the test and ran another. “It’s possible, but I don’t have the technology to test that, sir.”
“Keep working on it. I need you to be able to use it or destroy it.” Richards started to leave.
“Yes, sir.” The woman went to work on the rock.
Richards led Samson to the door.
“Hallelujah! We have our specimen!” Another woman yelled out as she came to Samson. “We need you for a second.” She dragged him back to her station. “This will only take a few seconds.”
“I’ve heard that one before.” He looked worried.
She came after him with a needle full of a liquid. “This will only sting for a second. She prepared the injection and stuck him before he could speak. He mouthed “Woa!” The woman removed the needle quickly. See, it didn’t hurt, My Boy.”
“Yeah, right!” He looked at the site as she put a band-aid on. “But, does it have to be a kiddie band-aid?” He looked up at her.
“It won’t be noticed.” The scientist went back to her station and entered some data.
“Yeah, right! Every kid in the neighborhood will notice. Besides, you don’t have a bum like I do.” He looked at his band-aid and sighed.
“Ah! The little boy is embarrassed by the little band-aid.”
Samson left with his superior.
Samson strutted down a corridor alone. The people kept their eyes on him as they passed. A boy came up to him followed by other kids. O’Connor felt little hands on his hip and stopped to check it out.
He noticed the kids all excited over the band-aid. “You want the band-aid? You can have it.”
The kids jumped as they tugged on it and took it away. Samson continued as he shook his head.
Later, he entered the bridge dressed in his new uniform. He took his spot at the com station when he relieved Sutherland. He began to enter data.
Richards came to him. “What did you learn about our friends?” He stood in front of him.
The sergeant looked up at him. “They have a way to monitor our transmissions and interpret English into their language. They have been listening in since they took us. We need to alter the language we use between ships. They also have a plan to retake us. If we leave the ship as you plan, we will be easy targets for them. It will also be harder to protect our people. Then at this court date, they plan to provoke us into fighting them. Under the laws of this empire, we have no right to defend and will become their slaves, if we defend ourselves before we gain sentience.”
“Send written messages to all ships to use Spanish for inter-ship communications or their native language, but not English. Tell them we will explain when they switch language. We will need a way to defend without defending. If there is a will, there is a way.” Richards slapped the side of the console and watched his com sergeant obey.

Contents



CHAPTER 24 Court

Dradik led Richards, Samson, and several large men through the market place. The men brought a gurney covered with a green plastic sheet. The crowd began to follow them as the loud music played. The humans took an elevator to the next to the top level. When they stepped off the elevator, they headed straight to the court. The noisy crowd stayed with them as they poured out of the other lifts.
“This is going to be a media circus.” Richards watched all the people as he walked next to Dradik.
“Don’t worry about them.” Dradik glanced at Richards as they passed several official offices. “They like to see people beat the Bohinan.”
“I take it the Bohinan are not the most popular people in the empire.” Samson followed Dradik as he wheeled the gurney along.
“That is true.” Dradik raised a hand to the guards who stood next to the court doors. “They are hated by most all people. They are what you would call ‘Bullies’ of the empire.”
Guards opened the doors to the court for them as they approached the large doors. Richards nodded to them as they passed. The officers looked straight ahead.
Inside, Dradik led them down the dark aisle. They met Ryko at the front of the courtroom where only a few lights illuminated the area. He came and examined the contents on the gurney. A green-skinned man with two sets of arms also examined the bones. He nodded to Ryko as they mumbled to each other.
The Bohinan group came down the aisle. The ambassador led the way with head held high as he looked down at everyone else. He stopped at the gurney, but Richards moved it away from him. The ambassador snorted and then took his place at their table.
The crowd gathered in the benches behind them. They whispered excitedly. Some of the females acted giddy like human, teenage schoolgirls.
“Keep an eye on the gurney.” Richards looked back at Samson. “Keep it away from the people.”
“Yes, sir!” Samson brushed off a would-be inspector who scowled back at him as the creature backed away.
The door at the side of the room opened. The bailiff looked out. Then he stepped forward.
“All rise!” The bailiff ordered in Lorana. “The Honorable Ka’ presiding!”
A dark-skinned creature with many eyes and no hair entered the room in a gray robe. The judge took his place at the bench in front of the room. He sat and then everyone sat silently. He pulled out an electronic pad.
“This is the case of Bohina versus Earth.” Ka’ read from the pad. “Let the record show the parties are all present. Bohina makes a salvage claim against the earth ships. State your basis.”
The ambassador stood and cleared his throat. “I am Ambassador Mootoo representing the Bohinan interest in this case. We located abandoned ships in quadrant 215-897-32-25.”
“Why are you here then?” Ka’ scowled at him. “Quadrant 215-897-32-25 is just outside the empire and totally outside my jurisdiction.”
“We are here to lay claim to the ships and anyone on them.” Mootoo held up a pad.
“But you are claiming ships outside our jurisdiction. The Court cannot grant such cases.” Ka’ raised the gavel. “The ships have passengers and crew, so they are not derelict. This case is dismissed.” He banged the hammer down.
“Your Honor, the courts have ruled in our favor in the past.” Mootoo started to read from his pad. “Bohina vs. Mak Tag, Bohina vs. Stalchen, Bohina vs. Grenald and 25 other cases.”
“Each of those cases was later overturned.” Ka’ raised the gavel at Mootoo. “What makes this case any different?”
“These ships were within the empire and drifted out of bounds, Your Honor.” Mootoo laid the tablet on the table.
Ryko stood. “Then why didn’t they file earlier when the ships were within this court’s jurisdiction?” He sat.
Mootoo scowled at Ryko. “We were in the process of filing when they drifted away.”
Ryko stood. “Still, the Bohinan took too long to file the petition.” He sat.
Mootoo snorted and mooed several times as if to yell in anger. “We had little time to file. We filed quickly, but the ships drifted away.”
Ryko stood. “Bah! Ships can’t drift that fast. They would have to be under some power and that would prove they were not derelict.” He sat.
“Everyone knows about the cosmic tide!” Mootoo yelled. “What’s more, the cosmic tide can change and cause a fast-moving current much like a rip current on a water planet.”
“The idea of a cosmic current is a myth at best, Your Honor.” Ryko stood. “The Bohinan put forth the notion of cosmic currents to sway the courts in their favor to take control of ships near our borders. There is no proof of their existence.” He sat.
The ambassador looked at Ryko in anger and then shouted to the judge in Bohinan which sounded as just moos and snorts with a few grunts.
Ka’ slammed the gavel down. “You will speak in Lorana in this courtroom!” He yelled.
Mootoo finally stopped his rant and regained some composure. “Comic currents do exist!”
Ryko stood. “Your scientists claim they do, but no one else has ever found them.” He sat.
“That doesn’t mean they don’t exist!” Mootoo yelled at Ryko.
“It does.” Ryko stood. “Bohina admitted the ships were outside the empire and that there were people aboard the ships. Therefore, the ships are not legally open for salvage claims, Your Honor.” He sat.
“Enough!” Ka’ yelled as he slammed the gavel. “I find in favor of the Humana. That’s final! This Court is adjourned!”
Ka’ stood and left the bench.
“All rise!” ordered the bailiff in Lorana.
All stood as the judge left the chamber.
“Well, that was a surprise.” Richards leaned toward Dradik.
Dradik finished his discussion with Ryko. “He may have lost, but this is not over.”
“Sir, should we give them the bones?” Samson stood and leaned over to Richards.
“Why?” Dradik looked at him. “Bohinan have no interest in their dead. They only care about living.”
“Then what are we to do with the bones?” Richards repeated to Dradik.
“We’ll take them to the Bohinan anyway and let them deal with the bones.” Dradik looked at them both. “This case will make them mad. But leaving their bones at their door will infuriate them even more.”
“We’re not trying to infuriate them.” Richards raised his hand toward Mootoo who was about to leave. Mootoo stopped and looked at Richards.
“It’s a way to show them you are not afraid of them,” Dradik explained as he glanced back at Mootoo and the others. “We have to make them afraid of you.”
“How are we going to do that?” Richards lowered his hand and Mootoo left.
“This matter I fear will go all the way to Bohina itself.” Dradik seemed as if he knew something. “But for now, we must keep your people safe. That will take some doing of itself.”
The humans left the court with Ryko and Dradik. The crowd hurried to follow them afraid they would miss something.

Contents



CHAPTER 25 Delivery

Later in the day, Richards, Samson, Rocky, and several other troops wheeled a gurney through the market place. A green plastic sheet covered it. Richards and his forces carried their .45 sidearms and ready for a confrontation. Dradik met them as they reached a corridor.
“Good, you’re here.” Richards led the troops to Dradik.
“They have gone inside.” Dradik held his hands as if in prayer. “You can leave the skeleton at the door. Then we will leave them to ponder its meaning.”
“Lay it on the floor next to the door.” Richards stepped out of the way as four of the troops lifted the bottom sheet and carried the bones to the door. “We’ll leave it covered. They will have to see it. They’ll know right off it is from us. So, we’ll be ready.”
After they finished with the skeleton, they headed back to the USS Washington. As they went into the market place, the Bohinan ambassador called out to them.
“Humana!!” Mootoo yelled at them. The rest of his speech was in Bohinan.
“They found your package.” Dradik walked up to Richards.
Richards and the others turned. The Bohinan came into the market place. The people looked and moved away as they cleared that section of the market.
“What did he say?” The general glanced at Dradik but kept an eye on the enemy.
“What have you done to our bull?” Dradik leaned toward Richards. “It’s the best it translates.”
“Tell him, that we found him on our ship and we returned him.” Richards kept his eye on the movements of the Bohinan.
Dradik did as instructed.
Mootoo raised a hand and the Bohinan troops raised their weapons and prepared for battle. Richards and his troops took cover by merchant carts and corners of walls. Dradik just stood there.
“Get out of the way, Dradik!” Richards waved for Dradik to move. “You’ll get shot out there!”
“I’m not worried about that.” Dradik turned to Richards. “They can’t hurt me. I’m more worried about you.”
One of the Bohinan soldiers shot at Samson. He went down and in open space. Richards reached out and dragged him back as the others laid down fire with their pistols. The Bohinan ran for cover as did the other people in the area. Everyone stopped their fire as Dradik stepped in between them.
“Dradik, what are you doing?” Richards ran out to get Dradik.
The Bohinan opened fire on the humans who returned fire. Dradik was unaffected by a direct hit by the Bohinan. The general grabbed Dradik and dragged him out of the line of fire and into a safe location.
“They couldn’t hurt me!” Dradik sounded upset as he frowned at Richards.
“Maybe but stay out of the way.” Richards fought to stay calm.
The two sides fought long before Richards had a clear shot at the ambassador. He fired and hit the diplomat between the eyes causing him to drop. Dradik shook his head.
“No, no, now you have done it!” Dradik put a hand on Richards’s shoulder.
Richards looked back at him. “What’s wrong? Now, they will leave us alone.”
“No, they won’t.” Dradik stood. “You do not yet have sentience. They’ll claim that and demand you be turned over to them. Here comes security.”
Several green men with two sets of arms and orange men came to them with weapons poised for a fight. The Bohinan quickly put their guns away as they came out from behind the corners.
“They shot our ambassador.” One of the Bohinan claimed. “It was unprovoked. See we do not even have our weapons drawn.”
Dradik stood next to Richards as he interpreted what transpired.
“That’s a lie!!” Richards shouted at the Bohinan. “They shot at us first and put away their weapons when they saw you coming.”
The lead security officer, an orange man, held up his hand to quiet the situation. “I saw them put their weapons away.”
“Nimi!!” The Bohinan shouted. “He shot our ambassador first. They do not have sentience. And therefore, do not have standing.”
“You shot first!” Richards countered.
The guard came to Dradik and asked him.
“The Bohinan shot first,” Dradik replied.
“Nimi!!” The Bohinan protested. “He helps the Humana.” The Bohinan replied as he watched his men carry away Mootoo. “By law, they must surrender to us.”
“Nimi!!” Richards replied emphatically. “They shot at us first!”
The officer held up his hand and showed it to both sides. “I know they shot first, but if you do not have sentience as a species, he is right and you are his because he has sentience. And only those with sentience have the right to defend.”
“That’s insane!!” Richards yelled.
“That is the law.” The officer remained calm.
“Bring them!” ordered the Bohinan as he turned.
“Nimi!!” Richards yelled. “We will not surrender to anyone!”
“I am afraid you must.” The officer replied calmly as he drew his weapon.
Rocky shot it out of his hand while Scott shot the weapon out of a second officer’s hand. Carter shot the third’s gun out of his hand. The officers ended up with wounded hands and no way to enforce the law.
The Bohinan prepared to shoot.
“Tell him, he will end up like his ambassador, if he doesn’t drop his weapon,” Richards told Dradik as he aimed at the Bohinan.
The other humans aimed at the Bohinan. Samson started to stir as Dradik complied with Richards’s command. The Bohinan looked the humans over.
The orange officers began to grow and become much more muscular. They started to tear out of their uniforms. Richards and the others looked over at them.
“Wow!!” Rocky stared at them. 
The officers were much taller and stronger than humans. They came toward them.
“Tell them that we can still shoot them dead.” Richards glanced at Dradik who complied.
The officers returned to their average size as their shredded uniforms hung from their bodies. The Bohinan started to shoot again. Richards and his men fired back and killed several of the Bohinan as they dodged the rays from the enemy. The last of the Bohinan left the area.
Richards walked up to the lead officer and grabbed him by the back of the neck. “Tell the officers, we will be owned by no one!”
Dradik walked over as he complied.
The general pulled the man’s head back. “If any of you ever come after us, we will kill you.” He let go and the humans walked away.
The officers looked scared, their defense failed them. Dradik caught up with the humans.
“You are now on the wrong side of the law.” Dradik walked beside the general. “You must now fight the Bohinan and security.”
“That may be, but we will not be owned by anyone.” Richards walked away.

Contents



CHAPTER 26 Moving Day

The next day, everyone was busy with the move to the station. People filled the corridors as they carried their suitcases to the docking port. Each one had to sign out with the steward and pick up their hotel key, a medium-sized crystal with a symbol on its flat bottom side.
A heavy-set man came to the door with his family. “Why do we have to move? The engines are not even on our deck.” He took his crystal.
“All decks will be opened to allow workers to remove the old engines, which will shut down the power completely and expose everything to space. You would not survive very long, sir. You will enjoy the change in scenery, sir.” The woman replied as she checked him and his family off the ship.”
The family moved on and an elderly couple came with their belongings on a cart. “I hear the language classes begin tomorrow. Where do we go?” The gentleman stopped at a male steward and tried to stand straight.
“A guard will come by your room at 0700. So, be ready.” The steward handed the man a crystal. “He will lead you and others to breakfast and then to class. For security reasons, you must stay in a group. Do not leave it or you’ll be on your own and risking capture by the Bohinan or some other alien race, sir. Go to the guard with a green sign above him. He’ll take you to your room, sir.”
“Thanks.” The couple left the ship and went to the guard with a green sign. The woman sat on the luggage and he stood by her hunched over. They were both in great pain. The woman wrung her hands as she tried to loosen them up some.
She started to look around the floor. “Where’s Matilda? She’s not with us. How will she find us in this strange place?”
“I don’t know, Grandma.” He looked around and found a robotic cat that looked almost real. Its movements were a little jerky, but other than that it could have passed as real. “Here she is! Come, Matilda!”
The cat made its way to the woman and jumped on her lap. “My, Matilda, dear, you have put on weight.” The old woman petted the fake fur.
“Watch your feet, Grandma. I’ll push the cart.” The old man stepped behind the cart and attempted to push it, but it did not go anywhere.
Hunter walked up to them. “Sir, get on with your wife and I’ll push it for you.” He helped the man to the front and onto it. Then he stepped behind the cart and started to push it along with the others who moved in groups.
The old woman looked back at him. “Are you one of those enhanced monsters?”
Hunter smiled at her. “No, ma’am, I’m all natural. I just work out a lot.”
She turned back around and whispered to her husband. Hunter continued to push the large cart full of suitcases and boxes. Though the load was heavy, it pushed easy for him.
Later, they reached their rooms. The old man went to the door and opened it as his wife hobbled to the door. They looked back as Hunter started to unload the luggage.
“How did you ever load this thing and push it to the port door?” He took a couple of bags under his arms and then two more in his hands. He followed them into the room.
“Lots of oats, Young Man.” The gentleman tried to show his muscles.
“Oh, come, Dear. The young man doesn’t want to see your muscles.” She put the cat on the bed.
The Marine sat the luggage down where they pointed to the corner. Then he went for more. When Corey finished, the Marine pressed a button on the back of the cart and it folded up into a neat little briefcase. He shook his head in disbelief and carried it into the room.
He handed the case to the old man. “Will there be anything else, sir?”
“No, that should be all, Young Man.” The man took the case and strutted to his wife as Hunter left the room.
Richards and his sons entered their room. It was a beige color with strange pictures of different landscapes that would morph into other scenes from time to time. There was only a single bed in the room and it looked small, there was no door to the lavatory, even the toilet looked alien because it had no seat. The sink was just a bowl-like thing with a plug and the faucet looked more like a showerhead. There was no mirror.
Jacob went around the room to look at everything. He looked through the window and saw an apartment across the way. As he investigated the other window, he saw Hunter remove his uniform to his briefs and lay face down on the bed. Another man came to him and started to become angry with Hunter, who just ignored the second man. The other man suddenly pushed Hunter off the bed and they had a violent argument.
“Daddy! Daddy, day fighting over dare!” Jacob glanced back at his father.
Richards came to the window as Jonathan followed. The general peered through the window and left. “Stay here!” He ran out of the door.
When he arrived at the door, he could hear a struggle inside. He banged on the door loudly. 
The door slid open. “What?” Hunter shouted as he turned to look at who was at the door. “Ah! Um, sir!” Hunter realized he had answered the door without his clothes
“Attention!!” Richards shouted in his face.
Hunter came to attention as he stared straight ahead. Richards walked out around him and went to the other guy. Hunter started to turn toward the general.
The general stopped and turned back to the door. “You wanted people to see you in your briefs, so stand at attention facing the door!”
Hunter glanced at the ceiling as he turned back to the door and sighed. People started to look in the door as they passed. They stopped and stared. Richards turned back to the other man.
“What is going on in here?” He yelled at the man.
“Sir, he won’t stay dressed.” The man stood at attention. “He said he’s more comfortable without clothes, sir.”
“Get this place cleaned up!” The general went back to Hunter. He eyed him like a Drill Instructor and got in his face as he yelled into his ear. “You like being in your briefs?”
“Yes, sir!” Hunter stared at the crowd outside his room.
“Maybe I should give you over to the Bohinan and then you wouldn’t need to wear clothes ever again! They don’t clothe their animals and to them we’re animals! You’re proving it, Corporal!” Richards shouted as he looked around at the people and back at the other man. “Hunter, get your crystal and come with me!”
Hunter went for his crystal and came back to the general, who marched him all the way to his room. As they went, people followed and more followed them all the while Richards yelled the march cadence. Even the humans stopped to look at the sight.
When they came to Richards’s door, the door opened and Hunter marched in with the cadence. They stopped in the middle of the room with Jonathan and Jacob wide-eyed and jaw-dropped.
“Corporal, halt!” Richards yelled in Hunter’s ear.
Hunter stopped. The door closed.
“Drop!” Richards ordered at the top of his lungs.
Hunter dropped to the starting position of pushups.
“Now, count them out until I say ‘Stop!’” Richards turned to his boys as Hunter counted out every pushup he did. “Now, go back to your games or see if something is on the viewscreen.”
The boys went to their games. Jacob stopped and looked at the man his Dad brought in. He went to him and sat on his back as the man continued the pushups. He patted the man on the head and then on the hip as he pretended to ride a horse.
“Jacob, what are you doing?” His father came back to the man.
“I’m galloping on a horsie, Daddy.” He looked up at his father.
Richards picked his son off the man and took him back to his games. “Now, stay here while I discipline my Marine.”
Jacob frowned and watch what his father did. The general came back to the man and watched as he counted out the pushups.
“Two hundred, sir.” Hunter huffed and puffed. “How many more, sir?”
“Just keep going, Corporal. I’m not tired yet.” He turned and sat as he continued to observe his Marine. “That one wasn’t good enough. Start over at one.”
“Yes, sir!” Hunter continued to do pushups. “One, two, three…” He huffed and puffed as his pushups became more labored and slow.
“How was the ride on his back, Jacob?” Richards looked at his son.
“It was fun, Daddy. Can I do it again?” Jacob came back to his father.
“Let me try it.” Richards sat on Hunter’s back between his shoulders with his legs crossed. “Let’s get going, Marine!”
“Yes, sir!” Hunter strained under the added weight and the high repetitions. “Twenty, twenty-one, twenty-two…” Hunter’s power suddenly gave out and he fell to the floor. The air came out.
“Come on, Marine! I’m not tired yet!” Richards petted the Marine on the head.
“Yes, sir!” Hunter struggled to resume his pushups. He hit the floor every time he went down.
“What’s the problem, Corporal? Running out of steam?” The general taunted his Marine.
“No, sir!” Hunter mustered all the strength he could to push up again. “Thirty, thirty-one, thirty-two…”
“Start over! I lost count!” Richards put his hands on the man’s arms and squeezed. The man cried out in pain.
“I won’t do it again, sir!” Hunter cried out as he continued his pushups.
“You haven’t convinced me yet. Keep going, Boy.” Richards released the man’s arms and checked his fingernails. He blew on them and brushed them against his chest. “Okay, Boy. I guess you’ve had enough.”
“Yes, sir!” Hunter shouted with what breath he could muster.
“Okay, then, stop!” Richards stepped off the man’s back as the man dropped to the floor. “On your feet!”
“Yes, sir!” Hunter shouted as he stood and stretched his aching muscles. His veins showed through his skin as he tightened his muscles and relaxed them.
“Attention!” The general looked over the Marine. “That will be all, Corporal! Don’t get caught again!”
“Yes, sir!” Hunter shouted back.
“Dismissed!” Richards turned to go to his boys.
Hunter dashed for the door.
“Don’t forget your crystal or you won’t be able to get in your room, Marine!” Richards looked back.
“Yes, sir!” Hunter hurried back and picked up his crystal from the floor. Then he rushed out the door.
Rocky and Samson saw Hunter run down the corridor. Samson stopped him. “What is the meaning of this, Corporal?”
“Sorry, Master Gunnery Sergeant, sir, the General caught me in my briefs in my room and marched me to his room. I have been dismissed and intend to return to my room, Master Gunnery Sergeant, sir!” Hunter replied still out of breath.
“Drop!” Samson yelled at him.
“Yes, Master Gunnery Sergeant, sir!” The Marine dropped to a pushup position.
“Start counting them off, Corporal! Do it until I get tired!” Samson yelled as he stood with his arms crossed.
“Yes, Master Gunnery Sergeant, sir!” Hunter began his pushups again. “One, two, three …”
“Oh, get back to your room!” Samson pointed down the corridor.
“Yes, Master Gunnery Sergeant, sir!” Hunter jumped to his feet and ran down the corridor before Samson could change his mind. Hunter ran all the way to his room where he reached for the lock and found he didn’t have his crystal. “Oh, no! Oh, please, help me find it!” He ran all the way back to the spot where Samson and Rocky stood.
Samson looked at the Marine harshly. “Missing something?”
“Yes, Master Sergeant …  Yes, Master Gunnery Sergeant!” Hunter barked out his response as he stood before them at attention. “My crystal, Master Gunnery Sergeant!”
Samson held out the crystal. “Take it and get some clothes on!”
“Yes, Master Gunnery Sergeant, sir!” Hunter took the crystal. “Thank you, Master Gunnery Sergeant, sir!”
“Dismissed!” Samson bellowed out in the face of the corporal.
Hunter cringed as he ran back down the corridor. Samson and Rocky snickered as they watched the poor Marine disappear around the corner.
Richards and the boys joined a group as they headed for a local restaurant. They stood in line as the woman of orange skin and dark, orange hair down to her knees took the people ahead of them to their seats. When she returned, Richards’s turn came up.
“Three, please,” Richards said in awful Lorana. Dradik had tried to teach him some things.
The woman shook her head as she sighed and took them back to their seats.
“Do day have sometin’ besides spam here, Daddy?” Jacob climbed onto the tall chair.
“There’s no spam out here, Tiger.” Richards glanced at the pictures in the menu. He noticed Hunter come down the aisle dressed in shorts and a tank top. When he reached Richards, Richards stopped him. “Is that all you have to wear, Corporal?”
“Yes, sir!” Hunter adjusted his shorts. “The only things I have besides my uniforms, sir.”
Jacob reached out and pulled the shorts down to the knees. Hunter did not have anything on under them.
Richards glared at his son. “Jacob!”
Hunter quickly pulled his shorts back up and went to his table. A couple of other muscle guys joined him. They struck up a conversation.
Meanwhile, Richards and his boys ordered their first real meal since they woke up in this strange fantasy. The server brought their meals and set them on the table. 
Jacob looked at the eating utensils and moped. “Daddy, what is dis?”
The general picked up his and broke it in two. “They’re like chopsticks the Asians use. Like this.” He demonstrated how to use them. Jacob separated the sticks and tried to use them. But, he ended up with a lot on his shirt. “It will take practice.” He smiled at his son.
That night, Richards and his boys returned to their room. “Okay, Boys, get ready for bed.” 
Jonathan went into the lavatory and prepared for his shower. “Dad, how do you work this thing?”
Richards came into the lavatory and looked the shower over. He reached in and pressed the red button, but icy water sprayed at him from all directions at once. “Ah! That’s cold! Burrr!” He pressed it again and the water stopped. He pressed the blue button. “Yipe! That’s hot!” He quickly pressed the blue button again. Then he tried both at the same time. “Ah! That’s more like it.” He stepped out of the shower. “Just leave it running. It should be okay.”
He left the room, went to bed, and pulled back the covers. Jacob was down to his little briefs. Then Richards removed his wet clothes.
After their showers and the shower turned off, they set up the sleeping arrangements. Jonathan hopped into bed and pulled up the covers. Richards laid on the bunk, put Jacob on him, and he too pulled up the covers. Jacob put his head on his father’s chest and went to sleep. Richards reached up and turned off the lights.

Contents



CHAPTER 27 They Came

The humans filed out of the conference rooms in droves as they left their language classes. When the people thinned out, Samson and Rocky strutted out of their conference room to a corridor. They went to an accessible area where they could look down clear to the market place below. The loud music sounded even up here and the loud voices just barely reach them, but with their sensitive hearing they could make out some of the words. They stood at the railing as they observed the activity below.
“What do you think of these classes?” Rocky put his hands on the banister and leaned on it.
“I’m picking it up … some.” Samson gazed at the crowds of people. “I just need a little more time. I learn languages quite fast. I know 10 human languages fluently, this is much like any other language. The idea of grammatical genders is common in human languages. The word formation of Lorana is alien to us, but that can be overcome with practice.”
“It’s strange how such little words can become monstrous by adding so many prefixes and suffixes to show who did what to whom and other relationships in sentences.” Rocky noticed a group of Bohinan come into view. “Hey, they’re grabbing our people!”
They both ran to the elevators as Samson grabbed his radio and passed on the information to the other troops. When they arrived at the right level, they saw the market filled with Bohinan troops. As they rushed from the elevators, more human forces flooded the area.
The troops on both sides clashed as the civilians fled the scene. The Bohinan had trouble with the agility of the humans even though they were much more massive.
Hunter was in the thick of things as he fought a bully who tried to take a woman and her infant. The human gave a side kick to the knee of the beast and sent the bull to the floor in pain. The woman fled with her baby as the battle between Hunter and the bull intensified.
The bull pulled out his weapon and pointed it at Hunter who disabled him in one swift move. He broke the arm of the beast as he snapped it backward. Then the human grabbed the weapon as it fell, turned the power all the way up, and shot the bull in the face. The beast vaporized, so he went on to the next animal.
The corporal came to the aid of a colleague who struggled to free a boy from the clutches of a bull. They ganged up on the beast who could not keep up with the two. He let go of the boy and the boy ran for freedom.
“Stay on the outside!” Hunter told the colleague. “They can’t spread their limbs like we can. They have a limited range of motion.”
The two kept out of the bull’s range of motion and beat on him as he tried to gore them with his horns. The beast connected with the human colleague’s rib cage and tore him open. Hunter pulled his friend off the horn and laid him on the floor. He tried to help, but it was too late for him.
The corporal tore into the bull and broke his horns off his head. He proceeded to drive the horns into the bull’s eyes. Then when the beast struggled with his eyes, the Marine kicked the creature in the lower back which crippled the ox. Finally, Hunter took the bull’s weapon, turned it all the way up, and shot him. After the beast was gone, he went on to another.
With the two weapons, he began to shoot every bull he approached. He grabbed the guns as they fell and turned them up all the way. He passed them on to other human troops who took the weapons and shot several more bulls.
Slowly the humans began to defeat their Bohinan enemies. They lost many troops in the process. Samson heaved two bulls overhead, one in each hand and threw them into several beasts who came at him. He took their weapons and shot them. They did not vaporize so he turned up the power and shot again. This time they vanished. Samson took the remaining arms and passed them to his friends.
Still, bulls attempted to seize humans. Some of the beasts took humans away. Rocky saw them go and went after them. He grabbed several troops as he went toward the corridor he saw the Bohinan take their captives.
The humans ran as fast as they dared while they dodged the aliens crowded around the premises. As they entered the corridor, they saw only friendly aliens and no Bohinan with human captives. They searched at every door. However, they found most entries locked or fused open. The doors they could open were to the rooms that were too small in which to hide.
“Keep checking! They have to be here somewhere?” Rocky bellowed to his troops.
“Sergeant!” Called one of the troops at the other end of the corridor.
Rocky and the others ran to him and looked where he pointed. There the Bohinan huddled with their human hostages in a corner with no way out. The human troops turned their weapons to a lower level and shot the people.
They picked up the humans and carried them to a safe location and then shot the Bohinan with the weapons turned back to full power. The bulls vanished.
As the troops and their people returned to the market place, they found the skirmish over with bodies scattered about the premises. Many moaned and struggled to get to their feet. Rocky found Hunter’s bloody body on a heap of bulls. The corporal did not move.
Rocky held a hand up to silence the people. “I can hear him scarcely breathing.” He reached down and picked up the Marine and put him over his shoulder like a sack of potatoes.
Some other troops shot the pile of bulls and they vanished. They moved on to another collection of beasts and shot them. Samson came up to them in a blood-covered uniform which was mixed with human red blood and Bohinan bluish-green blood. Rocky joined them.
“We need to clean up this mess.” Samson shot a Bohinan who dared to move. The bull disappeared. “They’re just cluttering up the market. Get our people to the doc two levels up.”
“Yes, Master Gunnery Sergeant!” The troops gathered their fallen and shot the bulls until the mess stood clean.
The station’s guards marched into the market place from all directions. They surrounded the humans as they finished the cleanup and stopped with the humans caught in the middle. One officer came forward.
He started to yell in Lorana, but the humans could only understand a few words. Richards came to them and tried to talk to the guard.
“Bohinan attacked us.” He told the guard.
The guard said something back the general could not understand. The guard motioned for the human to turn around. However, Richards continued to try to communicate to the guard. The guard pointed his weapon at the general. Then the general turned around as the guard put chains on his wrists.
As the guards led Richards away, Dradik appeared in front of them. “What is the meaning of this outrage?” Dradik’s speech had a strange authority about it.
“They fought with the Bohinan and disrupted this station.” The lead guard defended his actions. “We have to control the situation.”
“Why didn’t you get the troublemakers, the Bohinan?” Dradik stopped the guard as he tried to sidestep him. “You take easy prey and leave the predator to cause more problems.”
“These are not sentient beings and therefore have no right to defend. They must be taken into custody.” The guard tried again to move forward.
“Nimi!!” Dradik shouted at the guard. “You will not take him. Take the troublemakers, the Bohinan.”
“We will take him, or you will die for interfering with us!” The guard motioned to the others. They took up positions to prevent Dradik from his interference.
Dradik waved his hand and all the guards vanished. Richards was free of his chains and he rubbed his wrists as he walked to his friend.
Samson came up to them. “Sir, the Bohinan took 30 of our people. None were enhanced, sir.”
“Get teams out to find them before they can be taken to their ships,” Richards ordered as he followed Samson. He stopped and turned back to Dradik. “Thank you.” Then he continued with Samson and the others.
The troops headed in the direction the Bohinan departed. They followed them down a corridor as they listened to the screams and hollers of the taken.
Scott came to Richards. “I saw a slave market down that way, sir.”
“Can you show us a shortcut?” The general turned the corporal around.
“Yes, sir!” Scott led them off to the left toward a service door. “This way, sir.” He opened the door and entered as he ran down a service corridor and passed several creatures engaged in illegal activities. The group ran to another service door. “Through here, sir!” Scott opened the door and ran down yet another passage. He came to the backstage of a large venue. “Here, sir!”
The general came to look. He peered through the door and saw many South Americans lined up on stage as a golden-skinned man began to auction off the people. Richards motioned his men to silently enter and stay in the shadows.
As the handlers took the human slaves to the back, the troops nabbed both the slaves and the controllers. The forces vaporized the controllers and took the humans to a safe place by the door as the soldiers continued to free the slaves. When all were safe, Richards shot the auctioneer and vaporized him. This set off a panic among the crowd as they scattered.
Scott led them back to the market place through the passageways. They came out of the service door just as a company of security guards marched passed. The humans waited for them to move and then darted through the market to their rooms.
“All are accounted for, sir.” Samson walked up to the general. “We have told the people to stay with their guards. I guess they will listen better now, sir.”
“Good, I have to do other things besides rescuing people who refuse to listen to warnings.” Richards walked through the market with Samson.
“How’re the treatments coming along, sir?” The master gunnery sergeant observed a display of what looked like ant farms. “Look at this, sir.” He pointed at one of the displays. “What are they?”
“Ants?” Richards bent down for a closer look. “No, not ants, they’re too large and with those horns, they look deadly. I wouldn’t want them loose on the ships. There’d be no way to stop their spread.” He straightened. “Make sure the people know they are off limits and they are not allowed onboard.”
“Yes, sir!” Samson stepped away from the displays as the two of them continued through the market. “You never said, sir, how are the treatments coming along?”
“You’re right, I didn’t say.” The general continued to walk as his boys ran up to him with Rocky in tow. “Where have you boys been?”
“All over, Daddy!” Jacob wrapped his arms around his father’s legs and hugged him. “We got to see many aliens.”
“Well, be careful not to speak to strangers.” He looked down at his son and rubbed the boy’s head. Then he looked at Jonathan. “What did you do?”
“Mostly followed Squirt.” Jonathan sighed and turned back to follow his Dad.
They left the market and went to their rooms.

Contents



CHAPTER 28 Past That Haunts

The general knocked on the door of the hotel. The door opened and Dr. Kirkland stood before him, then stepped aside. Richards crossed the threshold when the doctor spoke.
“G’Day, sir!” Dr. Kirkland followed. “It’s been a while, General. How has the therapy helped?”
The general stopped in the middle of the room and turned to the doctor. “To be honest, Doctor. I haven’t the time to work on it. I have been busy trying to keep people safe and take care of two young boys.”
“You still must pay attention to your own needs, or you won’t be able to do your job for others.” The doctor went to the machine and pulled it over by the bed. “Lie on the bed and we’ll get started. Just take off your shirt.”
Richards complied and put his shirt on the nightstand and stretched out his body before he laid on the bed. “Do we have to talk about the war again, Doc?”
“No, today we’ll discuss your wife and what happened to her.” The doctor rolled the machine close to the general. “I think we’ve talked about the war enough for now. We’ll change gears and see where we can unlock the problems of her death.”
“Do we have to?” Richards watched at the doctor attached the electrodes. “It was such a painful experience and I’ve finally put it behind me.”
“We do and it is just buried, but it is eating at you like cancer.” Dr. Kirkland finished with the electrodes. He turned on the machine and started to get the baseline reading. “When did this happen?”
The general looked away. “It was some four years ago. My wife was carrying Jacob and was in the hospital because she was having trouble in the eighth month. She went into labor at the hospital. I didn’t know what to do. I seemed so powerless to help her through it. She screamed and cried out in distress without a way to get away from the pain. The nurses wouldn’t give her anything for the pain. Then one of the nurses noticed that Sherry was starting to present the crown of the baby’s head. They rushed to get the doctor, but she was not at the hospital. She was on her way, but too far away yet.” Richards’s responses increased as he struggled to keep his emotions under control. “When the baby came, there was no sound. The nurses tried for some time to get a sound, but nothing. The head nurse kept slapping the baby’s behind. They cleared his throat and tried again. Finally, the baby screamed. The problems were not over. She went into post-labor and out came the placenta. But, it came with so much blood.” Richards began to weep, slowly at first, but it grew. “The nurses took her out of the room in a hurry and took her to the OR where she died. I still remember the doors closing in my face and the echo of the doors slamming shut. It was the last time I saw her alive.” He broke into uncontrollable wails.
The doctor waited for him to regain some composure as he studied the readings on the electronic readouts of the machine. “What happened when you took the baby home?” The doctor glanced at him.
“I hired Martha Chandler an out of work nurse to come care for the boys while I went to work.” Richards slowly gathered his emotional control. “She knew how to take care of kids, although she had never married or had kids of her own.”
“How did you manage with kids when she was not around?” Dr. Kirkland pressed some buttons.
“I didn’t do so well.” He looked around the ceiling and focused on its strange pattern in the paint. “I know how to handle a crisis, but when it comes to kids, I don’t know the first thing about it. Jonathan is the oldest and he tries to be a man like me. Jacob tries to stay a child. He’s afraid to grow up. He has speech problems and I don’t know what to do about them.”
“I’m not a speech pathologist. But, you can take him to one and see what can be done.” The doctor pressed some more buttons on the machine. “Let’s talk about the days after her death. Did you bring Jacob home by yourself?”
“No, I had Joanna Stone. She took care of the baby while I found someone. I had Jonathan stay with my parents. Then my parents died in a cave in at their home after Jonathan came back.” Richards took a deep breath. “So much death.” He closed his eyes. “We were a very close-knit family. Now, there’s just the boys and me. They won’t know a close family. I can’t even be close to them.”
“That’s not true. We will get it back.” Dr. Kirkland put his hand on the bed.
Later, Richards sat up as the doctor removed the electrodes. “How much more do I have to go through?”
“Until we get you, so you can face your problems without bottling them up inside you.” Dr. Kirkland continued to put away the electrodes and wires.
“I have to get on with leading these people, Doc.” Richards stood and put on his shirt. “I don’t have time for this!”
“Yes, you do!” Dr. Kirkland stopped and glared at him. “We will take the time it takes to get you over this PTSD.”
Richards’s radio sounded. He took it out of his pocket. “Richards here!”
Mitchell’s voice came over the radio. “Sir, we have an emergency at the Israeli ships on level three!”
“On my way! Get security details there!” The general hurried out the door. As the doctor shook his head.
“Already on their way, sir!” Mitchell sounded back.
When Richards arrived on level three, he went to the crowd that formed at one of the docking ports. He rushed up as he tried to clear the onlookers. He motioned the aliens to back away. They just repeated the motions back to him. So, he turned his back to them and moved backward. They moved back as he did.
“Wimi! Wimi!” He called out as they backed away from the situation. Then he went to see what transpired.
An Israeli enhanced soldier came up to him with his rifle still poised for action. “Sorry, to bother you, General. The Arabs tried to storm our ships.
“That’s an awful waste of cloth! Don’t they know we are short on cloth?” The general looked over the cloth signs the demonstrators had on poles and between people. “They’ll have to wear all that cloth!” He shouted over the Arab chants.
The Arabs started to burn an Israeli flag in the middle of the walkway. But, before the smoke could fill the area, foam shot out from all directions and put out the flames. The pathway filled with station security guards. They surrounded the demonstrators and arrested all of them.
As the guards took the demonstrators away, Richards went to the lead guard. “Where will they go?”
“They will be confined in the Goyak until this is paid and cleaned up by their people.” The guard went with them.
“I’ll see that this is cleaned up.” Richards turned to Mitchell and Samson as they came to him. He switched into English. “Get our people to clean this mess up! We need mopes and brooms and whatever else we need to clean this mess! Bring the Arab leaders to me!”
“Yes, sir!” Mitchell and Samson went to comply with the orders.
All those around the area started to clean and pick up the clutter. Mitchell led the leaders to Richards as Samson carried bundles of ruined cloth.
“Sir, this is Al-Amin on my right and Al-Mufti on my left. They are the Arab leaders you wished to see.” Mitchell watched Samson as he sat the bundles on the floor.
Richards put his hands on his hips and glared at the two men. “Mr. Al-Amin, your name means ‘the truthful,’ so tell me the truth. What is this all about?”
“Israhell has harassed our people yet again!” He held his head up high and pointed his finger into the air. “We know you Americans side with Israhell and do not expect fairness from you.”
Richards shook his head as he glanced down. “You don’t think anything is fair unless you are getting your way.”
“That is not true!” Al-Amin protested as he stuck his nose into the air. “We are always persecuted by your people! Why do you not protect our people? You let those aliens take our people.”
“They broke local law.” The general stepped into Al-Amin’s face. “Here, it’s the leaders who are put to death by skinning them layer by layer. That means you and you will be skinned alive!” He glared at both men. The general looked at Mitchell. “Get the Israeli leaders here, now!”
“Yes, sir!” Mitchell ran for the Israelis. When he returned with two men, he stopped and pushed the two men forward. “This is David and Scheinberg, sir!”
Richards looked them over. “Well, we meet again, Gentlemen!” The two men cringed at his voice. “I hear you have been harassing the Arabs!”
“Oh no, sir!” Scheinberg protested as he stood straight and lifted his head. “We have been harassed by the Arabs. They started this demonstration against us and tried to force their way onto our ships, sir!”
“You people come from the same father, Abraham. Why can’t you act like it and behave properly toward each other?”
“We are the first born of Abraham and thus should have received the blessing and the inheritance from Abraham” Al-Amin bellowed as he pointed into the air. “However, Israhell stole both from us and took our land when they came out of Egypt. Then they took the land away in 1948 and again in the 6-Day War in 1967. They never gave back our land or our inheritance. They have made settlements on our land and held our people in poverty. They have broken every ceasefire ever made with them.” 
“That is not true!” David shouted. “The Lord Almighty, the God of Israel, told Abraham to bless his son Isaac and to send away his maidservant, the Egyptian, Hagar, with her son, Ishmael. The blessing was to go to Isaac and all that Abraham had. God promised the land to Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, whom God renamed ‘Israel’ for the wrestling they had at Bethel. For over 400 years we spent in Egypt as slaves. Then the Lord our God brought us out of Egypt and to the Promised Land. He told us to drive out the people of the land and He would fight for us.”
“You took our land and suppressed our people!” Al-Muftí interrupted David.
“Quiet!” Richards yelled at him. “They let you speak, now let them. I want to hear them!”
“They lie!” Al-Amin broke into the discussion. “They took everything from us! They slaughtered our people like dogs!”
“I said ‘Quiet!!’” Richards stepped into his face and yelled like a Drill Instructor to a recruit. Al-Amin was silent. "I know a bit about the Arab-Israeli conflicts. The 6-day War started on June 5, 1967, over the right to ship through the straits of Tiran that the Arabs blocked Israel from using since 1950. Israel killed over 20,000 Arabs and only lost about 1,000 of their own. Israel also annexed the Gaza Strip and the West Bank territories. They held them until we lost all of the earth. Even though Israel is much smaller and has fewer people, they win the wars against all Arabs. That should tell you to leave them alone! There is much more going on than your arrogant minds perceive! Now, drop it, Both of you!
“Yes, sir!” David and Scheinberg stood with heads bowed.
“Never!” Bellowed Al-Amin and Al-Mufti with their heads lifted high.
“Have some men take these two to the security office and turn them over to them. Tell them they are the leaders of the people they took.” Richards glanced at Mitchell.
“Yes, sir!” Mitchell went for the men and the men took Al-Amin and Al-Mufti to the guards. Mitchell looked at the general. “Sir, you know that the only one who can bring peace to the Israelis and Arabs is the Anti-Christ. He will break the peace and burn in the Lake of Fire for all eternity. I don’t think he is you, sir.”
“I have to try.” Richards sighed. “Mr. Scheinberg, you both once worshipped the same God, what happened?”
“They started to follow Mohammad and his false writings. He believed it was the Arabs who are the chosen people, not us. It has been a struggle for all American presidents and military leaders to try to work out a peace accord. They don’t want peace. They want to annihilate all Israel, but the Lord watches over us. Those who bless us, get blessed by the Lord. Those who curse us will be cursed by the Lord.” David pointed to the ceiling. Then he dropped his hand.
“Dismissed.” Richards and Mitchell walked away followed by the enhanced troops.
The Israelis went back to their ships as their people gathered around them.

Contents



CHAPTER 29 Stay in Goyak

Richards walked toward the station security office with Dradik and Mitchell. They reached the doors and Mitchell opened them as he allowed the others to enter ahead of him. Then he went into the crowded office.
They made their way to the counter and Dradik asked to see Al-Amin and Al-Mufti who joined the inmates recently. The clerk, a golden-skinned female with long yellow hair, checked her screen.
“I found them.” She turned back to Dradik. “They are currently in the stripping process. You may go to door 5.” She pointed the way.
“Thank you.” Dradik led his friends to the proper door and Mitchell opened it. “We must check in any weapons and go to the visitor’s lounge to witness the stripping process.”
They turned in their weapons and went to the lounge where they joined others as they stood around and watched the process as if it were some game.
The window showed Al-Mufti strapped to an operating table with his clothes removed. He fought to get away, but it was futile. The doctor injected something into his neck and the drug instantly paralyzed him from the neck down.
The doctor turned and picked up an instrument that looked like an oversized scalpel. He applied it to the human’s skin and cut a thin layer. Al-Mufti screamed as the doctor cut the surface. There was another slice removed from the victim followed by an even louder scream. The doctor eventually exposed the muscle below the skin. Then he started on another area of the surface.
The bloodcurdling screams only made the audience shout with excitement. It looked more like a sporting event, then torture of a person. Richards looked around at the mob’s reaction.
He leaned toward Dradik, who seemed mesmerized by the activity. “What is going on here? What is wrong with these people? Even you seem captivated by the spectacle!”
“Don’t you just love it?” Dradik was on the edge of his seat. “It’s like your gladiator games in old Rome.” Dradik never took his eyes off the sight. “Doesn’t it stir the primal instincts in you? It even happened in your history! Listen to the cries of agony!”
“We outgrew such barbarism! We may still have our problems, but we have come a long way.” Richards went to the window and looked around at the scene. He went out of the room.
At the check-in, he gained possession of his weapon along with several of his people. They started to leave and abruptly turned back and shot the workers behind the counter. The troops followed Richards back to the lounge and they opened fire on the crowd as Richard turned up the setting on his weapon and shot a large hole in the wall. He stepped through and vaporized the doctor. Then he freed the tortured man.
They came out of the room and followed the troops back to the market place. There, security guards flooded the market as they hunted the people who raided the show. The humans put away their weapons and pretended to be regular visitors like any other. The guards passed them without checks. They hurried toward Al-Mufti’s ship and left him with some troops in the market and then went back for Al-Amin.
Back at the Goyak, the troops made their way into the back where the violators stayed. The cells were like those on the Bohinan ship.
“Sir!” Samson pointed to the ceiling. “We have to knock out those projectors in the ceiling. They create the cells.” He looked around for something to use. He spotted a chair and retrieved it. Then he threw it up into the projector which knocked it out of commission. “Look for something, sir!”
Richards looked around and found a table. He cast it up at the projectors and knocked out several. People started to pour out of the cells as humans continued to free them.
Hunter found Al-Amin huddled in a corner with much of his skin peeled away. He was in shock as he shivered. The corporal went to him and helped him to his feet. “Come on, sir! We don’t have much time!” He took Al-Amin out.
In all the confusion, the humans followed the aliens out of the Goyak. But, were not able to get far with Al-Amin. The guards recognized the injuries and stopped them.
The guards surrounded them with their weapons ready. Richards came to the front of the pack. The lead guard motioned for them to turn around and return to the Goyak.
“No! No! Please, don’t take me back there!” Al-Amin begged as the humans slowly turned back toward the alien jail. He burst out in a wail as they turned him around. The touch was more than he could bear and he fell.
“Come on, Al-Amin!” Richards helped him up. “We need to go or face more pain.”
The middle-aged man rose to his feet and went with the general back to the Goyak “Please, don’t let them hurt me again.”
“I will do everything I can to keep that from happening again.” Richards led him into the Goyak area.
The guards put them in new cells and the head guard posted some of his men in the room with the humans. The cells had people who awaited trial or their sentence. The humans stayed separate as best they could. The sheet around Al-Amin dripped blood as he continued to bleed from his wounds.
“Make my people free,” Al-Amin whispered to Richards as he collapsed on the floor.
The general mumbled something as he picked up the body. He carried it to the wall and started to yell to the guards in Lorana. “Hurry, we have to get his body out of here! He’s going to explode!”
The guards rushed to the wall and looked over the body. They examined it and looked at each other in confusion.
“Look, our bodies explode shortly after death. We need to get him out!” Richards took the body closer to them.
The guards opened the doorway to the cell and came to Richards. However, humans overpowered them and took their weapons and their cell keys. They ran to the other cells and opened them as they released the other prisoners. Then all left the room with the guards locked in the cells.
They charged the staff who happened to be in the area, took their weapons along with their armory stash, and made their way out of the Goyak. Alarms began to sound as they ran through the facility. Guards came from all directions.
Richards ran up to them as he called out in Lorana with the body still in his arms. “Hurry, we have to get this body off the station! It’s going to explode!”
“This way!” A guard turned and led them toward a panel in the wall. He opened it. “This way! This will lead to the outer shaft!” He led them down a dark corridor to an empty chute. “Put the body in there!”
Richards complied. “We only have time to blast him out!” The general put him in the chute. As soon as the door closed. “Boom!” The general punched the guard in the face. The others fought the other guards and overpowered them. “Go back to your rooms! Stay there until things cool down!”
Richards went back to Al-Mufti and the troops in the market place and spoke with him. “You must keep your people out of trouble, or you’ll go through this again.” He left Al-Mufti there in the market place. His guards left him too.
The lone human looked around at all the aliens who came to check him out. He cringed as they came closer. Then he broke through the crowd and ran toward Richards and the other humans. However, he found no one. Only aliens surrounded him as they closed in to check him out. “Ahhhhhh!”

Contents



CHAPTER 30 New Systems

Richards and the boys were in their hotel room. Jacob sat on the end of the bed as he watched a cartoon in Lorana. Jonathan laid on the bunk to practice his Lorana out loud. The general sat at the table as he went over some electronic pads. The pictures on the walls were of scenes that periodically changed. As he read, the doorbell chimed. The general went to the door and opened it to find Dradik there.
“Hello.” Richards stepped aside to allow him to enter.
“May Dusya bless you.” Dradik entered. “Are you ready to inspect the work?”
“Sure.” Richards turned back to the boys. “Jacob, turn off the screen and lights. Come with us. You too, Jonathan.”
“Oh, Daddy.” Jacob looked at him. “Can’t I stay here?”
“No, now come on.” Richards motioned for the boys to come.
“I’m not some little kid.” Jacob turned off the screen.
“I know.” He motioned faster as his impatience grew. “But, it’s not safe here with all the Bohinan around.”
Jacob reluctantly came to his father and the four left the room. Richards locked the room. Dradik led them away.
Soon, they came to the USS Washington. A Gorenan approached them.
“Hello, I am Golak. I will be showing you around.” The man folded his four hands.
Dradik leaned over to Richards. “Let me know when you don’t understand.”
“Alright.” Richards glanced at him.
Golak turned around and led them aboard the USS Washington. He took them to the engine room. There he showed them the new engine. It was much smaller than the original one and therefore left a large gap between itself and other parts of the system.
“Our design took much less space, as you can see.” Golak held out a hand toward the engine. “However, the speed will be much faster. It will bend space-time till one point nearly touches the next. So, it takes you only one year to reach planets 20 light years away. We enhanced fuel efficiency as well. You will only need to carry one-tenth of your normal amount. Your controls are all routed to the command room. This way and I will show you.”
Golak led them up to the command center. As they rode up the elevator, Jacob looked over all the equipment. Jonathan gawked at his pad.
Once they reached the top, Golak took them into the command center. There he showed them the new controls for the engines. He stopped first at the picture of two planets that were far apart.
Golak explained the system. “This shows you visually what the engines are doing. The first planet represents where you are and the second planet represents your destination. By folding the line in between, you shorten the distance and increase the speed of travel.”
“On earth, we have discussed this process for years, but no one had ever actually made such a system.” Richards looked at the new screen.
“Well, it’s a reality.” Dradik looked on.
Golak walked to the next post. “This is the emergency controls. It can override the other controls in case of some emergency.” He pointed to different controls. “This button stops the entire process in an instant.” He pointed to the button. “These controls can also override the controls over here.” He walked to the third controls. “These control the heat of the engine. You must prevent any overheating of the engine, or the engine will explode. Our people will train your engineers starting tomorrow.”
Jacob moped along behind his father. Jonathan somehow was able to follow. He did not seem to pay attention to anything but the pad. He mumbled his vocabulary lessons.
“The operational controls are routed through your original controls. Most of the system is controlled the same way you always did.” Golak walked toward another door. “You are just folding space-time instead of using your old form of speed.”
They exited the command center as Jacob continued to mope. Jonathan, well, followed. Richards looked back at them.
“Come on, Boys.” Richards held out a hand to Jacob who came to his father. Jonathan bumped into his father, looked up, and went back to his pad.
Next, they entered a large room with machines at one end. Golak walked to the devices.
“Each floor of your ships has these food dispensers.” Golak held out a hand toward the dispensers. “They will be able to feed your people with food from all over the empire. Sorry, they don’t produce your food. However, you can program your food into them.”
“That would be great.” Richards smiled.
“Each capsule will last for one year.” Golak showed them one. “You will have five capsules per dispenser to take you anywhere you want.”
They exited the room.
“This is the floor’s armory.” Golak led them to another room. “Each floor will have its own armory. These hand weapons, called ‘Omer.’ They can stun or kill depending on the setting you use. Let’s go up to the bridge. That’s where the exciting work is going on.”
Soon, they entered the bridge. There were a lot of people who worked on various systems. The workers were each Gorenan. They connected cables to each network.
“Do not worry,” Golak reassured them. “Each of your old systems can still be accessed through these new systems.”
Golak led them to the communications system.
“Here, you’ll be able to hear the tower in your own language.” Golak pressed a button and the sound of the control tower came over the speakers.
“Pyanabi 13-98, you are cleared to dock at port 49-82.” A female voice came over the intercom in English.
Jonathan perked up.
Golak pressed the button again. “You will be able to talk back in your own language. It works the same with any ship you come across. That is if you do not meet another visitor from outside the empire.”
“How about the new star charts?” Dradik stepped forward.
“Wimi.” Golak pressed a button and planets appeared on the main screen. “New planets that have entered the empire are listed with their information. Just click on the planet and get all the information you need before arriving there. We have also included new planets without populations. But, they are not very hospitable.”
“Humans are used to that.” Richards looked at the screen.
“Who?” Golak looked puzzled.
“Humans.” Dradik leaned toward Golak. “That’s their species. We don’t have a word for them in Lorana.”
“Oh!” Golak pressed a planet on the console and its information appeared. “Well, maybe one of them will be good for you.”
“Are we still able to communicate with our own ships without the whole universe listening in?” Richards walked up to the console.
Golak seemed excited. “Wimi. It has an intercom system just as your old system. It is good for your people since many of your people speak more than one language.”
“That’s great!” Richards smiled. “We won’t have to worry about translations. How long will it take before all the work is done?”
“I estimate another two sisten.” Golak looked at him.
Richards took a step back. “Can our people move back onboard?”
“You may use the public areas, but the living quarters are still off limits due to work there.” Golak folded his hands.
“Good.” Richards looked at him. “We need to get used to these new systems, but we need to get our people back together as soon as possible. That would make it easier to give out information and to protect them.”
“I agree.” Dradik looked at Jacob as he moped.
“How are our new weapons systems coming along?” Richards went to the armory station.
“Right over here.” Golak led them to the armory station.
“These systems will defend you well.” Golak was proud. “They are the latest in weapons. One shot will destroy any enemy. You also have the latest in shielding to protect you.”
“Will the shields prevent the Bohinan from snatching us?” Richards looked it over.
“Wimi.” Golak pointed to the shield controls.
“Great!” Richards looked at them. “I like that all the controls are in English. How did you manage that feat?”
“Dradik helped us.” Golak looked over at Dradik.
“Thank you, I appreciate that.” Richards looked at Dradik.
Golak led them off the bridge.

Contents



CHAPTER 31 Medical Supplies

Richards, Dr. Collins, Samson with several other troops, who pulled carts, entered a store with many different substances on display where they met Dradik. A golden-skinned female with long yellow hair came from the back.
“May Dusya bless you and provide all that you need. How may I help you?” She looked them over with a twinkle in her eye and a smile that could disarm a Bohinan warrior.
“May Dusya bless you and provide all that you need.” Dradik held his hands as if to pray. “This is Karen Collins, a Humana doctor.” Dradik held a hand out to point to Dr. Collins. “She requires your services.” He put his hand back with the other.
“I will certainly try to help.” The woman said as Dradik interpreted. “What do you need?” The doctor showed her some samples of various medications. The woman examined them. “Wimi, we have them.” She went to the cabinets and brought back several vials of medications. “These should be the same, you may test them.”
Dr. Collins tested the medications and found they were nearly the same. “Wimi, ki …” She told the woman.
“Ki?” the pharmacist looked at her strangely. “They are the same.” Dradik interpreted.
“Nimi, they do not quite match. See?” Dr. Collins showed her the test results as Dradik interpreted.
“Wimi, they are different.” The pharmacist said through Dradik. “The hyumadya is in ours. That prolongs the effectiveness of the drugs.” She looked at Dradik and the doctor.
Dr. Collins thought for a moment. “How long will the mediations last and how far apart must the medications be taken for someone who is 82 Kg?
The woman took out a calculator-like device and figured the dose and then the times of the dosage. “This one is once a day, that’s one every 24 hours.” Dradik interpreted. Then they went through all the medications.
“What are the side effects of each one?” Dr. Collins asked through Dradik. After Dradik finished with the interpretation, the pharmacist gave her response. The doctor thought as she looked over the meds. “They seem to be alright. However, I will have to monitor everyone closely.”
Dradik interpreted. “I understand.” The pharmacist replied. She looked at the Humana. “How much would you need?”
Dr. Collins placed an order for what she needed. Samson and the others put them on their carts.
“How about the Mahogniseum?” Richards looked at Dr. Collins.
“Yes, we need this also.” Dr. Collins turned to the pharmacist. She showed her the ingredient. The woman went to a cabinet and brought back a yellow substance. “This is called?” The doctor tested it. “Wimi, this will do perfectly.”
“It is called ‘Joju.’ How much do you need?” The pharmacist prepared to take the order.
“Oh, 136 Kg for each cart.” She looked at her as she hoped she could get it.
The pharmacist went to the back, she and some assistants brought out several carts loaded with the ingredient. Then she rang up the total. Richards handed her the chip with the credits. Samson and the troops rearranged the supplies to make room for the new med. They managed to make enough room, but they piled the meds very high on the carts, which made it difficult to know where they went.
After Richards paid for it, he led them out. They went to the elevators as the people gawked at the troops and a few ventured to reach out and touch them.
“What are they looking at?” Dr. Collins watched the people.
“They’re taken by our troops.” Richards looked back at the doctor.
“The loads sure make them look big.” Dr. Collins turned back to Richards.
They stepped into several elevators which whisked them away while the people stood by and watched.
Once they were back at the USS Washington, Samson rolled the cart into the sickbay. He followed Collins into the supply room. When they stopped, Samson began to unload the supplies.
“Where do you want this stuff, Doc?” Samson stopped and looked at her.
“The purple-colored vials can go on the counter and the rest can come over here.” She showed him where to put the supplies.
“I will need to mark and inventory all of these supplies.” Dr. Collins picked up a vial of a purple substance. She printed a label for each of the same colored bottles. After the doctor put tags on, Dr. Collins put them in the slots for the earth version of the medications. She did this for all the medicines.
With his task done, Samson came to the doctor. “Will there be anything else, ma’am?”
“No, thank you.” She stopped momentarily.
“Okay, see you later, ma’am.” Samson wheeled the cart out of the room.
She went back to her task.
When she came to the Mahogniseum equivalent, she had to fill her own vials with the powder. She carefully measured each dose per the instructions given by the pharmacist. She made the labels for the bottles with instructions and put them in the place where the earth version went. She was pleased with the work and supplies. Now, I know I can get the necessary meds, ingredients, and understand their names out here. Dr. Collins thought. She left the storage room and went about her business of making the antidote for the subatomic particle exposure.
After a while, she returned and took a vial of the yellow substance and mixed the required amount of water. The mixture did not mix well. It clumped instead. She took a bottle of water, an empty vial, a vial of yellow substance, and the vial she just mixed. The doctor left the room.
Soon Richards, Dradik, Dr. Collins, and the troops were back in the pharmacy. The same woman came out from the back at the sound of the chime.
“May Dusya bless you and provide all that you need.” She said as Dradik prepared to interpret. “What can I help you with this time?”
“May Dusya bless you and provide all that you need.” Dr. Collins told her as she brought out the vial with the failed mixture. “This did not mix well with our water. Can you help?”
The pharmacist looked at the vial. “Wimi, I can. Your water must not have the same compounds as ours. Do you have a sample of your water?”
“Wimi.” Dr. Collins said as she pulled out the vial with the water in it.
The pharmacist went into the back and came out with some white granular powder. “This trick should work. It’s just pyifu. Mix some in the water until it dissolves and then mix in the ingredient like this.” She mixed the pyifu into the water as she said and then added the ingredient.
Dr. Collins looked at the new mixture. She tested it and found it to be a perfect match for glucose. “Thank you.”
“Thank you!” She smiled at them as they left the store.
Back in the storeroom, Dr. Collins set a vial of glucose on the counter and measured out some water and glucose. She mixed the two in a cup until the glucose dissolved. Then she took some of the yellow substance and incorporated it into the water. This process combined fine.
“This will have to do.” She made some more up and put it in a jar. Once closed, she let it sit for a while. She left the room to finish her concoction to make the people immune to subatomic particle exposure.

Contents



CHAPTER 32 Bohinan Snare

As some humans stepped off an elevator, Jacob walked right into a bull. The bull glared down at Jacob and Richards. The general still wore only his posing trunks after a bodybuilding competition with his sweats in his hand. He quickly stepped in front of his son. Jonathan walked up beside his father and glared at the bull as he dared the beast to do something. The other people moved out of the way. The doors closed behind them. The bull snorted and the general returned the snort.
“Be on your guard, Animal.” The Bohinan warned in Lorana.
“You watch yourself, Beasty.” Richards stepped in his face. “I know your weaknesses!”
The Bohinan pushed on Richards with no effect. But, Richards pushed back and knocked the Bohinan on his tailbone. His legs did not move though he tried to get back up.
“What have you done?” He shouted. “What have you done?”
“I told you I knew your weaknesses. There are two of them.” Richards started to walk away as Jacob held onto the side strap of his father’s trunks and Jonathan grabbed the other side strap. But, the general stopped and turned back to the Bohinan. He offered a hand to the enemy.
The Bohinan refused his help. “Why not finish me off, Animal?”
“Be careful of who you call an ‘Animal!’” Richards showed his anger. “I can make you worse than dead.”
Several other Bohinans rushed over to help their fallen comrade. They surrounded Richards and the boys. The first Bohinan told the others something in Bohinan. One in the group took out his weapon and twisted the end of it. He then pointed it at his fallen comrade and shot him. The bull disintegrated. The shooter turned toward Richards.
“You will come with us.” The Bohinan pointed the weapon at Richards. Another grabbed Jacob and held a gun on him. A third grabbed Jonathan and put a firearm at the boy’s head.
“It will be okay, Boys.” The general tried to reassure his sons.
The Bohinan took the boys away as they kicked and screamed to another part of the station. The other bulls led Richards to yet another corridor. He threw his sweatpants down on the floor as they went.
Meanwhile, Samson and Rocky stepped off the elevator. The people started to yell at them in Lorana. “The Bohinan took your man that way!” They pointed down a corridor.
“Go for help!” Samson turned to Rocky.
“I’m staying with you!” Rocky refused to go.
“There’s no time to argue. Now, go!” Samson started after Richards. “Someone has to get help.”
Reluctantly, Rocky returned to the USS Washington.
Mitchell sent teams out from all the ships and flooded the station. They returned to the place where Richards vanished. The people pointed the way Samson ran.
The Bohinan led Richards down a corridor. At a junction, Richards dropped his sweatshirt. The Bohinan did not take notice of it but led him to a door where two guards stood on either side. They raised their weapons as the aliens approached while one opened the door. The aliens entered a small room.
When the door closed behind them, they faced another door. One pressed a red button with odd figures on it while they pushed Richards through the doorway and into another room, the armory of the ship. The Bohinan put their weapons in a locker and pushed Richards through yet another door to a corridor. They followed several hallways until they reached a large room.
More guards stood by the door just inside the room. They pushed the general inside and he came face to face with a bull, who seemed to be in charge.
“Where are my offspring?” Richards yelled at the leader.
“Don’t worry about them as long as you cooperate, they’ll be just fine,” Mootoomoo replied in Lorana.
“My people will come looking for me!” Richards yelled.
“I am counting on it.” The leader remained calm. “I see you left a trail for them to follow. That will help our plan for you to serve the Bohinan kingdom. Bohina will become rich by your work. I see you are as strong as I’ve been told.” Mootoomoo walked around Richards as he checked him out.
Another bull entered the bridge and everyone came to attention. The beasts lowered their heads below the new royal’s as the new bull passed each one. The animal started to talk in Bohinan. Richards watched as the Bohinan went through a hierarchical ritual, including Mootoomoo. The beast came to Richards and stopped in front of him.
“I saw your petty display this evening.” The bull said in Lorana. “Such a waste to show off. What purpose does it serve?”
“The same as you just went through with your people.” Richards stood tall as he watched his captors. “If it’s the strength you admire, my people are far stronger than your people.”
The bull snorted. “We are twice as strong and we fear no one.”
“Then why do you need us?” The royal ignored him. “I challenge you or are you afraid to fight me?” Richards took up a stance ready to fight.
The bull threw off his robe. He stomped a foot and kicked back as if to kick up dust or dirt. Richards beat his chest and did a most muscular pose as he flexed hard to make himself look as big as possible.
“Mooo oooo!” The bull gave the battle cry as the others started to chant “Moo Moo Moo!”
Richards and the bull began to circle each other. One of the Bohinan handed the beast what looked like a hunting knife. He took it and lunged at Richards. Richards grabbed his wrist and pulled him down and out which drew the bull off balance and to the floor. He rolled into the crowd, stood, and charged Richards with his head down and horns pointed at Richards. The general grabbed him by the horns and twisted his head until Richards flipped him over his back and to the floor again. The bull snorted several times and wobbled to his feet and mooed several times as he kicked his right foot in preparation for a charge. He stomped his foot and charged Richards. The general gave him a hip throw into the crowd. He spun around ready for another attack. But the bull could not keep his balance.
“What’s wrong?” Richards taunted. “Worn out already?”
The bull waved an arm and a beast jumped Richards from behind. He hit the floor hard as the bull tried to gore him with his horns, but Richards moved out of the way. He put one arm up and over the neck of the beast and kicked him over to his back. Then he stood ready for another fight. Two bulls jumped him from behind. They knocked him to the floor, but he did not stay down. Raised on one knee and grabbed both animals by the horns and pulled them down. Two more caught him and were about to gore him when the head bull stopped them.
“No! I want him alive!” The bull yelled in Bohinan.
The two held Richards’s arms behind him. He forced his arms around and in front of him as he pushed the bulls to the floor. The beast waved a hand and Mootoomoo shot him. Richards fell to the floor unconscious.
Richards woke in a cell of a storeroom. He tested the beams. He looked at the ceiling and around for something to use, but there was nothing around. The general jumped and bent the projector toward the door. The beam went to the wall above the door. This was not enough room for him to get out of the cell. So, he jumped and repeated his action until he could. He eventually had enough room to step through. The general stepped out and went to the door. The door opened.
He stepped into a corridor. He walked down the passage where he found a lone bull as he counted strange objects. Richards reached up behind him to choke him. But he stood. The beast dropped the objects. The general took the gun from the bull’s holster and fell to the floor as he shot the bull. After the Bohinan vanished, the general headed down another corridor.
Meanwhile, a group of enhanced troops from the Australian ship, joined Samson as he huddled at a junction near a Bohinan docking port. The master gunnery sergeant looked back at them. “Anyone go after the boys?”
“Yes, Master Gunnery Sergeant.” An Aussie whispered as he knelt beside him. “I’m Patton from the HMAS Australia. Is this where they have him?”
“I don’t know.” Samson looked at the two Bohinan guards down the corridor. “I think it’s the ship. Probably it’s the ambassador’s ship.”
Patton peered around the corner at the guards. “Not very observant, are they?”
“Not very.” Samson glanced at him. “That has me worried.”
“Think it’s a trap?” Patton pulled back as the Bohinan looked their way.
“I’m not sure, but I believe so.” Samson leaned against the wall with Patton beside him. He saw the others as they lined the same wall. There were eight of them all together. “Is this going to be enough to take the ship with troops of an unknown number?”
Patton whispered to his mate, who whispered to his mate, who did the same on down the line to the corner. The end man signaled to the far corner and a hand waved around the corner.
“Okay.” Samson watched the hand wave.
Patton signaled the end man, who gave a thumb up to the corner. The hand withdrew. “There’s another 30 men around the corner.” He looked back at Samson.
“Have an extra weapon?” Samson looked back at him.
“Right here.” Patton handed one to him. “Oh, 60 guys are going after the boys.”
“That’s good.” Samson peered around the corner and aimed his pistol. “Richards will appreciate that.” He shot twice as he stood and ran down the corridor.
Patton signaled the others to follow. They came and stopped at the corner where Samson was, looked, and followed.
The Bohinan were on the floor. Samson went to the keypad. He tried to figure out the controls. “They look like ours. This should be it.” He pressed the red button and the door opened. “Great! The room is too small for all of us. We’ll have to enter in small groups. Tell them the red button opens the door.”
Patton passed on the message and then followed Samson into the small room. They filled the room and the door closed behind them. The others waited a moment before they opened the door again. Then the next group entered and the door closed.
Inside the ship, Samson and the others waited for their comrades to enter. When they were all in, they fanned out and searched the vessel. Samson shot several bulls in the back. The humans took their weapons and examined them for any other means of arms or communications. Then they went further down the corridor.
As they came to the corner, they moved close to the wall. Samson peered around the corner. He shot twice and went around the corner. He found two down and searched them. “We’re getting too many devices.” Samson turned up his firearm and shot a pile of devices, which disintegrated. They took the guns and went on.
Richards shot two more bulls as he came around a corner. He took their weapons but found no devices as footsteps sneak toward him. He looked for a hiding place but found none. So, the general went back around the corner. There Richards waited.
He waited, but no one came. He peered around the corner and saw Samson with his team as they checked out the bulls Richards shot. He went out just as another group came from behind him. He turned around quickly and saw another group of humans. Richards lowered his weapon.
“I’m glad to see you guys!” Richards turned back to Samson.
“Are you all right, sir?” Samson walked up to him.
“Yes, I need to find the boys. They’re probably on another ship.” Richards started toward Samson’s team.
They headed toward the exit. When the team reached the exit room, the team met a group of Bohinan. Mootoomoo stepped in front of them.
“You’re not going anywhere!” The bull bellowed out in Lorana. “You are the property of Bohina!”
Richards shot him and several others. While both sides shot at each other. Many went down. By the end of the firefight, the humans won. They dragged their fallen comrades into the exit room and through to the other side. They had to go in groups to get through.
Once off the Bohinan ship, they picked up their fallen comrades and headed back to the human ships. On the way, they met Dradik with several Bukka soldiers.
“We have come to help.” Dradik stopped in front of Richards.
“Great, can you help our men?” Richards put down Rocky.
Dradik reached down and touched Rocky on the forehead. He started to stir. Then Dradik went to the other men. He felt each one and they shook. Finally, all were awake.
“We need to find the others and my boys.” Richards helped Rocky to his feet. “I don’t know where the other Bohinan ships are.”
“We do. Come with us.” Dradik turned.
The general and the others followed the Bukka. They went to another level of the station and came to a corridor guarded by several Bohinan soldiers. The guards had their weapons ready for a fight. Richards motioned his troops to spread out as soon as the guards looked away. But they didn’t let down their guard.
The general looked around the area and found a polished stone in a merchant window. He entered the store, took the stone, returned, and threw it down an adjacent corridor. The sound alerted the guards and they went to investigate. Richards motioned for the guys to follow. They entered the Bohinan ship in shifts as before. The Bohinan eventually returned as they grumbled about the false alarm.
Inside, Richards and his team searched the corridors for the boys and the other groups. They split into several teams and continued to search. Richards’s team found a cell of two groups and checked for guards and then entered the room.
“Why didn’t you guys just knock out the projectors in the ceiling?” Richards hurried to the cage. The men with him followed him in but stood guard at the door.
“You try it, sir.” A Soldier challenged him.
The general tried but found he could not bend the projectors. “How many of you tried together?”
“All of us, sir.” The Soldier came to Richards.
“It’s super steel, sir.” The Soldier glanced up at the projectors.
Richards twisted the end of his gun several times and aimed at the projectors. He fired a steady blast at them. It melted the lights until he disrupted the signals. Then the men stepped through.
The men left the room. They rejoined their comrades and did not find the boys anywhere. In fact, they did not find any Bohinan at all.
“It’s a trap!” Richards led the teams back to the exit room. But the force shield had activated. “Samson do your magic!”
“Yes, sir!” Samson came forward and removed the panel. He looked at the buttons and frowned.
“What’s wrong?” Rocky looked at the big guy.
“The code is all different. None of the colors are the same.” Samson studied the codes.
“Just try the same buttons as before.” Richards looked at the box.
Samson tried the same pattern he used before. The door opened, but the shield was still up. He tried several combinations and finally pressed the right combo. The buffer went down and they filled the room. He told them the combo. They pushed the pattern of buttons and out they went.
Before the next group could leave, the shield went back up. Samson entered the code again and the next group entered the exit room. This happened several times until Samson was the last one to leave. As he jumped into the place, the shield came back up and caught his wrist and ankle. It gripped him hard and he could not reach the code box.
“Rocky, punch in yellow, yellow, green, blue, yellow, yellow, red.” Samson hung on to his leg as Rocky punched in the code.
The shield went down just long enough to release Samson, who fell to the floor. Rocky helped his friend to his right foot. They exited the chambers and joined the others.
Richards stood in front of an army of Bohinan soldiers, who had their weapons trained on the boys and the others.
“Daddy! Daddy!” Jacob cried out.
“Just stay calm, everything will be okay.” Richards lowered his weapon as he bent to place it on the floor.
As soon as the general laid his weapon on the floor, the Bohinan who held Jacob shot him. His body fell to the floor as the hole in his shirt smoked.
“NO!” Richards yelled as the teams opened fire on the Bohinan. The general grabbed his son up in his arms. Jonathan came to his father as he wept. Since his wife’s death, this was the first time Richards wept bitterly in front of his troops.
The Bohinan slowly retreated to their other ships and the fight ended with several Bohinan dead and several humans on the floor presumed dead as well.
Dradik walked over to the general and knelt beside him. “He is only sleeping. Do not fear or grieve for him.”
Richards just wept more.
Dradik placed a hand on Jacob’s chest where he was shot and he stirred. “He’ll be fine, General.” He removed his hand and the wound had vanished.
“Thank you.” Richards hugged his son as his sobs ceased.
The Bukka soldiers went to each of the downed humans and touched them. They stirred and their friends helped them up.
“It’s time to get your people back to their ships.” Dradik stood again.
Richards helped Jacob to his feet and led his boys away. The others followed.

Contents



CHAPTER 33 Tomabe

Richards and the boys entered the bridge. Mitchell stood from the command chair. The general walked to him. “Have you heard from Dradik?”
“No, sir!” Mitchell stood in front of him. “It’s been quiet on the home front, sir.”
Dradik appeared beside Mitchell with his hands held in prayer. “How may I help you?”
“What can you tell me about the Orangan?” Richards looked at him with his arms crossed.
“They are a shapeshifting species with limited telepathic abilities.” Dradik tilted his hands toward his chest and then let them down. “They have few enemies.”
“What are their weaknesses?”
“They usually listen to reason, but they fear death. If they believe you have the means to kill them, they won’t offend you. However, they can usually tell, if you are bluffing. So, you better be a real threat to them. Why? They usually pose no problem to anyone.” Dradik looked concerned.
“They seem to stand in the way of our safety. We were just at the circus and a human boy was there as a slave. An Orangan guard let it be known that he would stop me from freeing the boy. Is there a way to stop them so we can free the boy and any others that may be held captive?”
“One way is to keep your weapons with you at all times. The Bohinan are good for doing that and have no problems with the Orangan.” Dradik pointed to the general’s hip.
“I guess that’s what we’ll have to do.” He thought for a moment.
“Daddy, we get him now?” Jacob pleaded.
“Just a minute!” He looked down at his son as the general’s patience grew thin. “Will you help us get the boy?”
“Of course.” Dradik seemed more alarmed.
Richards noticed Dradik’s expression. “But, what?”
“You may wind up with a worse situation.” Dradik glanced at Mitchell. “Remember, you are not yet sentient beings. The interference with the slave trade may damage any chance of gaining sentience.”
“We can’t let our people be sold into slavery.” The general started to leave. “Mitchell, have two teams of armed men meet us at the port door. Dradik, come with me.”
Richards and Dradik left the bridge, while Mitchell pressed the intercom button on the command chair. Jacob went to Mitchell and hung on to him, while Jonathan stood next to the chair.
As Richards and the two teams of troops reached the circus, a group of Orangan guards met them. Richards led the teams right past the admission counter. One of the guards became a giant green monster; however, Richards shot the guard and continued. The other guards followed at a distance.
They came to the ring where the boy had performed earlier. They looked around and then spread out to look for the boy and any other humans. Hunter found the boy huddled behind his master. The master held a gun on the boy.
“Over here!” Hunter yelled to the teams.
They converged on the master and the boy. They were ready to shoot if the master decided to act. The man was scared and didn’t know who to watch. The guards rushed in between the man and the humans.
“You must move away!” The guard ordered.
Richards came to the front. “You must move out of the way. You cannot hold a human hostage.”
“The boy is the property of this man. You cannot take him.” The guard held his weapon ready to fire.
The teams aimed at the guards. Richards adjusted the power on his weapon and shot the guard. The other guards shot back but missed and the humans shot them. The man became very nervous.
“We don’t want you. We want the boy.” The general stood his ground.
Hunter shot him as the man aimed at Richards. After the man fell to the floor, the boy went to Richards.
“Can you understand me?” Richards knelt to the boy. The boy nodded. “Are there any more of you here?”
The boy led the humans to the back where there were many slaves of various species. They operated the sets for the show out front. The boy ran to a man, who carried bundles of straw.
“Daddy, Daddy, here’s the help.” The boy called to the man.
The man put down the bundles and looked at the teams. “You’re humans?”
“Yes, I’m General Richards of the U.S.S. George Washington and these are my troops.” Richards shook hands with the happy man.
“We’ve waited for centuries for someone to come to our aid.” The man clapped his hands as he looked up at the ceiling with hands held high and then looked over the teams. “Come, there are more of us.” He turned to lead them to the others.
Richards and the teams followed. They went behind a tarp and saw the slaves’ living quarters. There were 20 human slaves.
“Is this all of you?” Richards looked over the people.
“Yes, all that we know of.” The man stood beside the general. “All the others have been sold to others by the Bohinan, who captured our ships.”
“Are you the Tomabe?” Richards glanced at the man.
“Yes, they don’t have a word for human.” The man put his arm around his son.
“Grab your things and let’s head out before reinforcements arrive.” Richards motioned for the people to follow.
The Tomabe grabbed what they could and followed the teams out to the performance ring. There more guards met them. The guards grew and started to fire at the humans, who shot back. Several of Richards’s men fell. Dradik walked out in front of everyone and the firefight abruptly stopped.
The humans wasted no time and picked up their fallen comrades and carried them out of the circus. When the humans were gone, Dradik vanished to leave the guards confused.
Back on the USS Washington, Richards entered the bridge as Mitchell turned to him.
“Were you successful, sir?” Mitchell stood.
“Yes, for now.” The general looked at the screens. “We have company coming.”
Mitchell turned to the screens which showed guards as they approached the ship.
“Shields up!” Richards took his place in his command chair.
“Shields up, sir.” Rocky looked over at Richards. “Security teams are posted at the doors.”
The main screen showed the bulk of the guards as they amassed at the main door.
“We are being hailed, sir.” Samson looked up from his console.
“On the main speaker.” The general glanced at him.
“This is Officer Toli of Ladorma security. Open your door!” The lead guard ordered.
Richards pressed a button on his chair. “This is General Richards of the USS George Washington. What do you want?”
“We want the Tomabe back and for you to surrender.” Officer Toli stood with his arms crossed.
“The Tomabe are a free people. They are Humana like us and the Bohinan stole them from our ships. Judge Ka’ said the Bohinan do not own us. So, talk to him.” Richards’s voice came over the speakers.
“You are not sentient and therefore not free.” Officer Toli began to lose patience.
“We are sentient. We talk to you in your language and we have a homeworld. We meet all the criteria.” Richards pressed the button again and turned to Rocky. “Hit the microwave weapon outside our ship.”
“Yes, sir!” Rocky pressed some buttons and the guards started to hop around and try to take off their uniforms as quickly as they could.
They finally left to get away from the intense heat. Some stayed just around the corner but gave up after the heat followed the guards.
“They’re gone.” Richards looked to Rocky.
“For now.” Dradik stepped in front of the general. “You must learn to deal with the system here. Your ways will get you into deep trouble.”
Richards focused on him. “We can’t allow our people to be sold into slavery!” He raised his voice to Dradik.
“I understand, but you are not yet sentient and therefore must be very careful how you respond, or you will lose any chance of ever gaining sentience and being free of slavery.” Dradik put a gentle hand on his friend’s shoulder for a moment.
“Rocky, turn off the microwave weapon.” Richards returned to his original thought.
“Yes, sir!”
“Samson!” Richards turned to him. “Get a message out to all ships and their people. Tell them to beware of the security guards. They will be trying to take our people to replace the Tomabe.”
“Yes, sir!” Samson started to press buttons as he sent the message in multiple languages.
The general turned back to Dradik. “Now, how do we protect our people and get the Tomabe free without breaking these bizarre laws?”

Contents



CHAPTER 34 Another Session

Richards entered sickbay and went to the nurses’ station. There were many people in the waiting room. The nurse opened her window.
“Yes?” She entered some information into the computer.
“Richards, I have an appointment with Dr. Kirkland.” He looked around at the people.
The nurse entered the data. “This way.” She stood from her desk and came to the door.
The general walked through and followed her to an examination room. He waited for a while before a nurse came in. She took his vitals.
“Any medications?” She entered the data.
“No.” Richards watched her.
“The doctor will be in shortly.” She left the room.
Richards waited and waited. Then the doctor entered the room. He wore the ship’s uniform instead of his white lab coat. It showed off his well-kept physique. Although he was not massive, he kept his body well developed.
“Sorry for the wait.” He started to prepare the wires and electrodes. “How have things been?”
“Not bad.” Richards watched him.
“Just not bad?” The doctor stopped and looked at him.
“Well, I’ve been trying to keep my heart rate down.” The general looked at him puzzled.
“Tried?” Dr. Kirkland tilted his head to one side with an inquisitive expression.
“Yes, I tried to remember to keep it down.” Richards looked at him oddly. “What are you getting at, Dr. Kirkland?”
“I’m trying to find out if you actually kept your rate down.” He continued with the wires.
“Well, I guess so.” Richards shrugged.
The doctor let down the wires as he sighed. “Did you, or didn’t you?” He sighed again.
“Yes, I think so.” Richards sighed.
“You keep giving vague answers.” The doctor became a bit impatient. “That won’t do here.”
“Okay, no I didn’t!” Richards threw his hands up as he sighed.
“That’s what I thought.” Dr. Kirkland started to put on the electrodes to the general’s skin. “Now, lay on the table.” He finished with the electrodes. “There, now relax and think about keeping your heart rate down.” The doctor watched the printout. “Good, now tell me about how you met Samson and Rocky.”
The general gazed at the ceiling. “It was near the end of the war when Samson joined my unit. He was a newbie to the enhanced troops, although he was a sergeant, and was the biggest of all of them. No one could explain how he changed so much from the injections. He was such a skinny kid when he started the program and you’ve seen him now.”
“Yes, I have.” The doctor read the printout.
“Well, he was the most advanced communications sergeant I have ever seen. He was fluent in more languages than I could name. We went on a trip from one base of operation to another close to the frontlines. He was driving the jeep when there was a roadside explosion. The next thing we knew, we woke up in a Vietnamese prison camp. That’s where I met Rocky. He was a weapons specialist and was great at coming up with new weapons out of potatoes. Not that they had any properties for weapons, but he threw them hard enough that they became a weapon.” Richards smiled. “He was known for knocking out Vietnamese with potatoes. So, they wouldn’t allow him to have any potatoes.” He chuckled. “When we arrived and met him, he was teaching some guards how to dance. And I don’t mean the Texas two-step. There were 20 in his private class and they couldn’t keep up with him. He had them going all which ways. When he saw us, he came to attention and the class pounced on him. As they beat him, we stepped in and dismissed class. The guards finally got the idea that class was over and left.” Richards started to laugh.
“Stay focused on Rocky.” The doctor glanced back at him.
“I told Rocky that ‘If that’s what he does to his dance class, I’d hate to see what he does to a barroom brawl.’ He said, ‘I never go to those places, they’re too violent.’” Richards laughed again.
“Stay focused on the war part, not the fun and games you guys entertained yourselves with.” Dr. Kirkland leaned on the machine with a hand on his hip.
“Aw! You take all the fun out of it.” Richards put his hands behind his head. “Anyway, Rocky asked us if anyone brought a jackhammer with us. Samson said he did. ‘What size did you want?’, he added. ‘Any size that can go through this block wall and through the concrete wall out back.’ Rocky pointed at the wall. Samson walked up to the wall and without any delay, punched several holes in the wall with his fists. He cleared the debris and out we went through the wall. Then he did the same to the next fence and out we went. This guy has more power then you could imagine. He can bench press two tons for reps! But, anyway, we were out in no time and running for the border. The Vietnamese came after us with helos and anything else they could use. It was fun, a regular boondoggle. We headed in a zigzag trail through the jungle. The Viets couldn’t keep up with our enhanced speed. But, we came to a river and over a cliff before we knew it. We plunged into the water below. I sank like a rock. The moonlight quickly faded. I struggled to get to the surface, but I just went deeper. I don’t know what happened to Samson and Rocky. I just remember struggling to get to the surface.” Richards began to breathe hard and shallow. He tensed up and started to thrash around on the bed.
The doctor went for help. When he returned, Richards had sat up on the table with the wires torn off. He stared straight ahead. He breathed rapid and shallow.
“General, are you all right?” Dr. Kirkland went to his side. He waited for several minutes as other medical staff came to assist. “General?”
The general turned and looked stone-faced at him as if in a trance. Suddenly, he reached out and grabbed the doctor around the throat. He squeezed his neck. The doctor tried to speak and fought to get away.
Others came to his assistance. Enhanced troops arrived and released the doctor who fell to the floor unconscious. A nurse came with an injection which snapped the general out of his trance soon after she applied it. Richards looked around bewildered and stunned when he saw the doctor on the floor.
“Will he be okay?” The general stepped off the table and knelt next to the doctor who slowly awakened. He put his hands on the doctor’s shoulders. “Will you be all right, Doctor?”
Dr. Collins arrived and check Dr. Kirkland over as he gathered his composure.
“Wow, are you strong!” Dr. Kirkland looked at Richards.
“On earth, I was bench pressing 625 lbs. 20 times. Here I do 856.25 lbs. 30 times. It’s the lower gravity of the ship.” Richards pressed outward as he mimicked his exercise.
“I saw you in that bodybuilding show. You certainly looked impressive.” The doctor rubbed his neck.
“Well, I didn’t do very well.” Richards brushed off the statement.
“Captain Mitchell was more experienced. I don’t remember seeing you in a show before.” The doctor turned to stand.
“It was my first time out.” The general watched the doctor rise with the help of others.
“Okay, we’re ready to continue.” Dr. Kirkland glanced back at Richards as he reset the machine. “Slow your heart rate.”
Richards slowed his heart rate to 56 beats. The doctor sighed as he realized the wires laid on the floor. He reattached the wires to Richards and started the machine again.
“Good.” The doctor adjusted the settings. “Now, tell me what happened to set you off.”
“I was running with Samson and Rocky when I fell into a river and kept sinking. I couldn't get back to the surface.” Richards looked confused.
“Your rate is going up again, General.” He watched Richards’s heart rate. “Keep it down.”
Richards watched his rate also. “Is that better?”
“Yes, keep it below 56.” He moved out of the way so the general could see the rate.
“I can’t keep it down.” Richards watched as it rose to 65.
“Focus and breathe deep. Keep it slow.” The doctor watched as the rate slowed. “Good, keep it there.”
“Oh, great!” Richards watched as the rate started to rise again.
“No, focus and watch your breathing.” The doctor glanced back at Richards.
“The more you say get it down, the more it goes up.” The general looked frustrated.
“Keep it down no matter what I say.” Dr. Kirkland adjusted a setting. “Breathe slow.”
Richards did, but his rate climbed again. “Sorry!” Richards looked away from the machine as he hoped that would help.
“Breathe from the diaphragm, not chest.” He looked back at the machine.
Richards did as his abdomen raised and lowered, more with each breath. It lifted very high. When Kirkland looked at Richards, his eyes became large.
“Wow!” Kirkland pointed at Richards’s abdomen.
Richards let his abdomen down.
“Let’s not let it get that big.” The doctor watched Richards as he breathed.
“I thought the stomach went out as you breathed from the diaphragm?” Richards looked at the doctor.
“It does. But, yours grows too much and so does your chest.” Kirkland glanced from the machine to Richards and back again. “Let your stomach come out, but not so far.”
“Okay.” Richards let his stomach grow and shrink as he breathed.
“Okay, tell me about the sinking. Keep it down.” Kirkland watched the machine.
“Well, we ran off a cliff in the dark and I mean dark.” Richards began his story as he started to tense up. “The moonlight was the only light over the river and it faded fast.”
“Keep your heart rate down even though you let your emotions go.” Dr. Kirkland monitored the rate.
“I went under the water and couldn’t get back to the surface no matter how hard I fought. I just kept sinking. I couldn’t see anything so I couldn’t tell how far down I went. I just felt the pressure of the water on me. I couldn’t breathe and I was unable to hold my breath any longer and I gasped for air, but only took in water.” Richards struggled to stay relaxed and remember to breathe slow and deep.
“Good, you’re doing it fine, General.” The doctor read the automatic feed as he ran his hands down the readings.
After an hour session was nearly up, Dr. Kirkland handed the general a box of tissues. Richards took a couple and patted his eyes. He looked at the doctor and sighed.
“Is it getting any better?” He patted his eyes again. “I’d hate for it to be for no use.”
“It’s going fine.” The doctor started to remove the electrodes. “It will take time to be able to talk about your feelings without breaking down.” He put each electrode back on its pad. “You have a lot pinned up inside you. It’s eating you up like cancer.” He unhooked the wires. “You have to learn to release those emotions or they will kill you or someone you love.”
“Or someone I love?” Richards looked concerned as he put down the tissues. 
“Yes, someone you love could inadvertently become the object of your uncontrollable rage. It’s not unheard of with enhanced troops. It’s sort of like Roid rage centuries ago. We’ve made the serum safer, but it’s not completely failsafe.” He turned back to Richards.
“And it’s not hard to really hurt someone, who’s not enhanced, with my strength.” The general looked down.
“That’s correct.” The doctor entered data into his pad. “Find something to use as a punching bag, before someone becomes one like you did with me.”
The general looked up at him quickly. “I don’t want that.”
“I understand, but you need to find an outlet, soon.” He put his pad down. “That’s all for today. See you in a week. Find an outlet and work on keeping that rate down.”
“Yes, sir!” Richards stood and gave a mock salute.

Contents



CHAPTER 35 Sentience Won

Martha went to her door as it chimed. When she opened it, Richards was there with his boys. “Well, hello there!” Martha smiled with bright eyes.
“Hi!” Richards’s voice quivered. “Would you be like to go out for a bite to eat?”
“Sure!” She went back to turn off the screen. Then she came back to the door. “Where are we going?”
“I’m not sure yet.” The general led them down the corridor to the elevators.
On the elevator, they rode down with several Bohinan females. They seemed afraid of Richards and kept their distance. Richards stood between them and the others. He ignored their stares, but he did not let down his guard. They stopped at a floor where two bulls entered the elevator.
The Bohinan exchanged moos and snorts and the bulls glared at Richards. The general just kept his eyes forward. One of the beasts breathed down the back of Richards’s neck as he tried to provoke the general. But he did not take the bait.
Finally, they reached the floor. The four stepped out and headed toward a restaurant. The Bohinan followed close behind. In the restaurant, the bulls demanded the server seat them first even though they were last to arrive. Richards allowed it rather than risk a scene.
When the server returned, she led them past the table where Samson, Rocky, Hunter, and several other troops sat. Richards, Martha, and the boys sat at the next table. Jacob went over to Hunter and greeted him.
“What you up to?” Jacob stood at the end of the table a bit sheepishly.
“About 5 feet 7, but seriously, not much.” Hunter looked at him with a big grin. “I’ve been busy training to be a Marine and in the gym. It helps me to relax."
“Daddy take me to the gym every day. Don’t like it.” Jacob put his hands on the table and leaned on them.
“Someday you will be big like us.” The corporal looked at the others then back at Jacob.
“Don’t dink so.” He wiggled his legs a bit. “Have to grow up.”
“That won’t be too long. The years will pass fast.” He put his hand on Jacob’s shoulder for a moment. “But you will want to do it correctly, not with drugs. Real muscle comes with demanding work and good nutrition. My muscles didn’t come from some serum but through my own workouts.”
“Daddy work out hard every day. He not cheat. So, do Samson and he’s biggest!” Jacob eyed all of Hunter’s big muscles. 
“They all had the serum that helps them get big and strong. That is cheating.” The corporal leaned close to Jacob and flexed his arm.
“Wow!” Jacob felt the arm and tried to make it go down.
“Jacob, come order your meal!” Richards looked over at Jacob.
“Gotta go!” Jacob left the table. He went back to his father and ordered his meal.
As they waited for their meal, several bulls came into the restaurant. They stopped next to the troops’ table.
One of the bulls made a snide remark to Samson, but he didn’t catch it. He just ignored the comment.
“I asked, do you like sitting with females?” The bull repeated his comment in Lorana.
Samson ignored him and continued with his meal.
The bull grabbed Samson by the throat. “I’m talking to you, Female.”
Samson grabbed his wrist and squeezed it. The bull quickly lost his grip. Samson pulled him to the floor. The Bohinan went down on one knee as he winced in pain. “I don’t talk to strange females.” Samson let go as the bull slowly stood.
The restaurant manager, a Gorenan, came to quiet the disturbance. “Is everything okay here?”
“This female grabbed me.” The bull rubbed his wrist. “They are not sentient and should not be allowed in this restaurant with us.”
“I am sorry, sir.” The manager looked the bull over. Then he turned to the troops. “I am not familiar with your species. Are you sentient?”
“Yes, we are.” Richards came over to the table.
“Nimi, they’re not!” The bull bellowed. “Get the guards in here … now!”
The manager reached for his radio and spoke a strange language. The other man spoke back in the same language. Then he turned back to the bull. “The guards are on their way.”
“I demand they be thrown out of here!” The bull went to his friends’ table.
“I’m sorry. You must be sentient to eat here.” The manager looked over the humans. “I don’t want any trouble.”
“You won’t have any trouble if you don’t bow to the Bohinan all the time.” Richards stopped the manager as he was about to leave.
The manager looked at the entrance. “Here come the guards. Talk to them about it.” The manager explained the situation with the guards.
“Okay, everyone, let’s go.” The lead guard pointed toward the entrance. “You know not to come in here.”
“We’ve been eating here for months.” Richards led Martha and Jacob out of the restaurant as their food arrived.
Samson and the other troops followed while the guards followed them. Samson stopped Richards outside the restaurant. “How are we going to get sentient, so we can eat?”
“I’ll talk with Dradik. He’ll know the process.” Richards turned and led Martha and Jacob to another restaurant. There they sat and ordered their meals.
“Hopefully, we can eat in peace this time.” Martha looked around the restaurant. “I don’t see any Bohinan.”
After a peaceful dinner, Richards and the boys return to their hotel room. Jacob turned on the screen and found the kid's channel, so the boys watched a cartoon in Lorana. Richards was surprised at how similar it was to human animations. It had superheroes and supervillains just the same. This one was an Orangan superhero, who flew around as he arrested bad guys much like Superman. Jacob glued his eyes to the screen. Jonathan was less interested.
Richards went to his tablets and read them. He made out the work schedules and updated the budgets. As the general worked the door chimed. He went to it as he put down the tablet.
At the door, he opened it. “Yes?”
Dradik stood there with hands in a prayer position. “I have come to answer your questions.”
“Great! Please, come in.” He stepped aside to allow Dradik to enter.
After he entered, Richards explained the situation. “Now, how do we get the court to make us sentient?”
Dradik sat at the table. “As I told you before, you must be fluent in Lorana, which you are now, and you must have a homeworld inside the empire. That is where Romasu comes in. It’s a world no one knows much about. They don’t like to populate it because of the harsh climates. Humans, on the other hand, adapt very well. The climates are not all that harsh, but people here do not adapt well.”
“Where is Romasu?” Richards sat.
“It’s on the edge of the empire, which helps to explain why people don’t know you.” Dradik He folded his hands.
“Okay, how long will it take to get sentient status?” Richards continued to question Dradik.
“About one of your weeks.” Dradik looked at him.
“Let’s get to it then!” Richards was excited.
The next day, Richards, Dradik and several others appeared in court with their attorney, Ryko. Everything was well until the Bohinan had a say. They were the only ones to challenge the new status.
Mootoomoo stood. “We challenge this on the grounds we own them.”
Ryko stood quickly. “You own no one. The Humana are free people.”
“Nimi!” Mootoomoo yelled defiantly.
“Your Honor, the Bohinan failed to present proof of ownership the last time we were before you.” Ryko stood as he awaited the response.
Ka’ thought for a moment. But the bull would not wait.” We own them! Everyone knows that!”
“Not everyone.” Ka’ replied patiently. “I am not convinced that you have ownership.”
“Done!” The Bohinan yelled.
“That means independent verification.” Ka’ added.
“Done!” Mootoomoo yelled again.
“That means no one can be coerced.” Ka’s patience began to wane.
“Done!” Mootoomoo yelled a third time.
“That means no one is forced to testify to your ownership!” Ka’ became upset.
“But, Your Honor?” The bull held out his arms as if to plead.
“No one can be forced into testifying for you!” Ka’ repeated.
“Wimi, Your Honor.” Mootoomoo sounded defeated.
“Don’t believe he will just roll over.” Dradik leaned to Richards.
Richards nodded as the court adjourned.
Several days later, the court reconvened. Dradik sat by as the Bohinan marched one witness after another who each testified to the fact the Bohinan owned the Humana.
When they finished, Mootoomoo stood. “As you see, Your Honor, we have proven that we own the Humana. We demand …”
Ryko stood quickly. “We have evidence that every witness was forced to testify for them.”
“That is nonsense!” Mootoomoo retorted. “We forced no one to say anything.”
Dradik took several crystals to the bailiff. He took them to the judge. Mootoomoo tried to grab the gems away from the judge, but the bailiff stopped him. The judge put the first one into the viewer. The scene appeared in a 3-D hologram in front of the bench.
“You will testify for us and say that we own the Humana, or your people will die!” Mootoomoo threatened the Orangan guard. “Remember, your homeworld is easy to destroy.”
The judge exchanged for the second crystal and it showed as the first.
Mootoomoo confronted a court clerk. “You will do as I say, or your money will stop, and charges of bribery will be brought against you!”
“But you will also face charges of blackmail.” The clerk countered.
“No, you face the stiffer charge.” The Bohinan stepped toward the clerk and poked him in the face. “You will do as I say! Or …” The rest was inaudible.
The judge went through all the crystals as the Bohinan started to squirm. Richards glanced at him and grinned. When he looked forward again, he lost the grin. The Bohinan looked back at Richards with a scowl as the judge finished with the last crystal.
“I see the Bohinan have broken the law repeatedly to prejudice this court against the Humana. I as a result of this decree the Humana as sentient beings and Romasu as their homeworld.”
“Your honor, those crystals are dirt!” The Bohinan stood and protested.
“Nothing is indicating that these are dirt.” The judge replied. “The computer confirms their authenticity; therefore, the ruling stands!” The judge slammed the gavel down. “This court is adjourned.” He stood.
“All rise!” The bailiff ordered.
“Your Honor!” Mootoomoo continued to protest.
The judge ignored him and left the courtroom.
Richards turned to Ryko. “Thank you!’’
Ryko smiled. “You’re welcome!”
Ryko left the room as Dradik walked up to Richards. “You did well.” Dradik stopped in front of Richards.
“Thanks and thanks for your help.” The general started to leave with his people.
“Don’t thank me yet.” Dradik turned to follow. “The Bohinan are not done yet. They will follow you all the way to Romasu. They will even harass you there.”
“I know, but we know their weaknesses.” Richards smiled at him.
“Yes, one is very good. The Bohinan cannot breathe on Romasu, but you can. They will use breathers to help them. But you will be able to disable them.” Dradik followed.
“How do we stop them?” Richards stopped.
“You can’t stop them forever.” Dradik started after the others.
“There must be a way.” Richards continued. “Everyone has a breaking point.”
“You will find theirs.” Dradik walked away.

Contents



CHAPTER 36 Slave Trade

After he closed the door for the up-teenth caller, Richards shook his head and went back to his work. As he did, the door chimed again. Jonathan went to the door this time and there was Mitchell.
“Is your father here?” Mitchell looked at the sentry.
“What’s it about?” Jonathan barked his question.
“Sorry, it’s about the Bohinan.” Mitchell looked around and saw the general.
“It’s okay, Jonathan.” Richards looked up at Mitchell.
The boy stepped aside and let Mitchell enter.
“Sorry.” Mitchell patted Jonathan’s head.
Mitchell stepped over to the general, who put his elbows on the table.
“What’s going on with them now?” The general motioned for him to take a seat.
He sat. “They’re waiting for people to leave their rooms and taking them, sir.”
“Why wasn’t I notified sooner?” Richards was angry again.
“Word just reached us, sir.” Mitchell was a bit defensive. “We are sending troops to be with the people and having the people move about only in groups with several guards. The troops we can spare are searching for the taken. We have found most of them in the slave market on level 4. The Bohinan don’t want to hold the humans very long. They sell them almost immediately.”
“Let’s go to the slave market. I want to see what’s going on.” Richards stood.
Mitchell stood, too. “Rocky is outside and will stay with the boys.”
“Good.” Richards led him to the door. As he opened it, Rocky stood ready. They left the boys in his care.
Jacob looked at Rocky. “You found da pizza and macaroni and cheese yet?”
“No, sorry.” Rocky closed the door.
“What kinda adult are you?” He put his hands on his hips. “You supposed to be a sergeant.”
As Richards and his troops entered the slave market, a group of Finns was on the auction block. They seemed understandably shaken. The soldiers made their way to the front of the crowd with weapons drawn. The slave masters tried to get the slaves sold before the humans could rescue them. But Richards shot at anyone who went near the humans. The buyers shrunk away from them and all the slaves.
Guards rushed from all parts of the station. They converged on the slave market and held their weapons on Richards and his troops.
“We don’t want trouble.” Richards held his weapon ready to surrender. “We just want our people back. They were abducted and brought here for sale.”
“Anyone can take non-sentient species for sale.” The guard held Richards’s hand and brought it down behind him as he prepared to arrest him.
“We are sentient and so are all our people. Judge Ka’ authorized it. I have proof!” The guard jerked Richards around, but Richards did not resist. The general reached into his pants’ pocket and pulled out the pad with the seal and order by the judge.
The guard looked it over and returned it to him. “It looks dirt!”
“What do you mean ‘dirt’?” He looked it over. “I don’t understand what you mean by ‘dirt.’”
“Fake, phony, or tainted.” The guard cuffed him. “What’s your species?”
“Humana.” The general winced from the tight cuffs.
“From Romasu?” He stepped in front of Richards.
“Wimi.” The general looked him in the eye.
“No one lives on Romasu. It’s uninhabitable.” The Orangan started to step back around behind him.
“Just because it has harsh climates doesn’t mean it is uninhabitable.” Richards glanced back at him. “The certification proves we are from Romasu.”
“I don’t believe you.” The guard adjusted the cuffs. “I’ve been there and I’ve never seen anyone there?”
“Where’d you look?” Richards challenged him. He hoped there would be clues of what it is like that the general could use. “Did you go into the interior of the continent? Did you go to the equator? There are lots of places to go.”
“I’ve been to the equator of the planet and it was hot and sticky. Too hot for anyone to live there.” The guard started to take him away.
“What is this really about?” Richards stopped abruptly. “You know the court order is right and we are sentient, so, why the fuss?” He glared at the Orangan.
“Someone wants to see you.” The guard muttered somewhat under his breath.
“Who?” The general snapped the cuffs apart and turned with a glare at the guard.
The guard hesitated to answer. But he finally gave up the person. “The emperor wants to see you and give you a proposition.”
“What’s this proposition?” Richards raised the guard’s chin and glared again into his eyes.
“I ... I ... Do ... don’t know.” The guard pleaded.
“You’d better find out, NOW!” He lost his patience with the guard. He pulled off each cuff from his wrists.
Okay.” He motioned for his guards to release the humans. “Where are your people?” He sighed as he spoke.
Richards went to the Finns. “You are safe now.”
They crowded around him. “Kiitoksia poljon! Kiitoksia poljon!”
“Take these people back to their rooms.” Richards turned to his troops. “You and you stay with me. We must make sure none of our people are backstage or sold.”
“Yes, sir!” Hunter and Carter followed the general.
Backstage, the general and the guards went to several cells where the slave masters kept more humans. The guards ordered the slave masters to release them. The slave masters complained people already paid for them. But the guards demanded their release. Reluctantly, the slave masters released the humans.
“Grazie! Grazie!” The Italians shook Richards’s hand.
“Stay with us. Are there any more humans back here?” Richards turned to each one.
“Non-lo so.” They shrugged and shook their heads.
Richards went to the lead guard. “Where else would the Humana be held?”
The guard went to the slave masters and questioned them. They eventually gave up the information. They led them to a room and turned the lights on. There were several Koreans huddled in a corner. The family looked like they had not eaten in some time.
“You’re safe now.” Richards turned to the slave masters. “Release them!”
“Daedanhi gamsahabnida! Daedanhi gamsahabnida!” The Koreans repeated several times as they shook and kissed his hand.
The troops found no more humans there. However, as they left the market, the Bohinan came with more humans. The guards arrested the Bohinan for abducting sentient beings.
“They are not sentient. We own the Humana.” The Bohinan protested their arrest.
“Check with Judge Ka’ he will confirm our status.” Richards left with all the humans.
The Germans were relieved that they were safe. “Danke schön! Danke schön!”
They followed Richards and the others back out of the slave market. With the humans safe, Richards admonished them to stay with the troops for the duration of their stay on the station. They agreed.
Richards took them where they needed to go and stayed with them. After they finished their tasks, he led them back to their rooms.

Contents



CHAPTER 37 Court Again

Richards and Dradik entered Ryko’s office. The woman went in the back to get him. When she returned, Ryko was with her.
“May Dusya bless you and provide all your needs.” Ryko closed all but two of his eyes when he saw Richards.
Richards and Dradik repeated the greeting back. “We need your services again, Ryko. The Bohinan have an attorney claiming that since humans and the Tomabe are the same species, the humans belong to the Bohinan and are therefore not a sentient species.” Dradik showed Ryko the pleading filed by the Bohinan attorney.
“Oh, I see.” Ryko read the pad. “Since they are the same, we can claim the Tomabe are sentient as well as the Humana. It claims here that Romasu is not your home. Your home is earth in the Sol system. Since the earth is outside the empire; you cannot be sentient based on a home here. That would be true if you are not from this empire. It’s all politics.”
“So, they claim ownership of us and they get it!” Richards became upset. “Romasu is what we call ‘earth.’ So, Romasu is our home and we are heading home as soon as our ships are ready. Just because we use a different name does not mean we are from outside the empire.”
Dradik began to speak to Richards in English. “As an officer of the court, he cannot know anything that could be construed as a falsehood. I will prep you on the knowledge of Romasu and provide you with the photos of the planet to show the court. This will convince the court that you are in fact from Romasu.”
“I’m not so sure about doing any underhanded schemes. Calling it ‘earth’ is itself bad. It’s against everything I’ve stood for all my life.” Richards leaned toward Dradik.
“Would you prefer your people to go into slavery?” Dradik turned to the general.
“No, of course not. I just don’t believe in lying to the court.” He whispered to Dradik afraid that somehow Ryko would be able to understand them.
“It’s not a problem.” Dradik smiled at him. “It’s done all the time. Just the court mustn’t know about it. It’s better than slavery.” Dradik turned back to Ryko. “We just discussed the charge. We will fight it.” 
“Alright.” Ryko looked confused by Richards’s expression. “What evidence will you provide the court as to your claim of Romasu as your home?”
“Photos of their homes there?” Dradik smiled at Ryko.
The general looked at Dradik in shock as he hoped he misunderstood Dradik.
“Great! Bring the photos by ahead of the court date and I’ll include them with the response to the pleading by the Bohinan.” Ryko gave Richards an odd look. “Make sure you include pictures of the people outside on the planet. The court will want to verify that they are indeed residents of Romasu.”
“Alright.” Dradik turned to Richards who was still in shock. “Come, let’s prepare for court.”
“Dradik?” Richards was more upset with the overstep of his authority than by the lie Dradik created. Poor Ryko was without knowledge of what happened.
Back at the USS Washington, Dradik showed Richards the photos of him and the boys visiting the cascades on Romasu near their capital city, Washington. The White House was a fitting home for the general, except the general did not think so. Everyone thought it was the perfect plan, except the general did not think so. The humans renamed the Washington Monument for Michael Richards, who risked his life over and over to save his countrymen and all humans. It was an innovative idea, except the general did not think so. Finally, disgusted with the whole ordeal, Richards walked away and left the bridge. Everyone watched him go. Then, they made their plans without him.
Several days passed by the time it was the court date, Richards was reluctant to go at all. Several of the enhanced troops made sure he went. Judge Ka’ entered and everyone stood. Then, it was the newly promoted Ambassador MooMooRum for the Bohinan’s case.
He stood and paraded in front of the Humans. He stopped in front of Richards.
“Do you deny Tomabe are your people?” MooMooRum said very dramatically in Lorana.
“Nimi!” Richards answered according to Ryko’s advise.
The Ambassador became very dramatic as he overly emphasized every word. “You don’t even bother to deny it?! I see no reason to burden the Court with the medical evidence. The Tomabe cannot read and write, can you?”
“Wimi!” Richards answered according to Ryko’s advise.
“That’s hard to believe since no one has ever heard of you less than a year ago.” He continued to draw everything out and overemphasize his words. “How can you learn Lorana in that short of time? You must be fluent to be a sentient being and it takes native speakers years to become fluent.”
“Try me!” Richards replied in Lorana.
“Well, what have we here? A parlor trick, someone can practice phrases and recite them. But, can you actually talk in Lorana?” MooMooRum tried to intimidate Richards to refuse.
“Wimi! I will talk in Lorana about anything you want. I can even talk about religion.” Richards refused to back down.
“What can you tell me about Romasu?” MooMooRum stopped in front of the general. “What is it like there?”
“It is both hot and cold and wide range of storms. The weather is very unpredictable. There are ice storms such as not seen elsewhere in the empire. Though the ice storms are severe, they are also beautiful to see.” Richards described the storms in eloquent Lorana.
“I have photos of these storms,” Ryko added as he showed them on the screen for all to see.
“We don’t get visitors because of the chilly weather.” The general added. “But, the months of yabyu, lume, and gyapu are our summer months and temperatures are high with beautiful blue skies.”
“These are the pictures of the summers on Romasu.” Ryko showed the photos. “Notice that not a cloud in the sky and not a hint of haze. The air and water are clean, unlike other worlds.”
“Sounds like a good vacation spot.” Ka’ broke in.
“It is, Your Honor.” Richards was proud of it.
“Perhaps you can explain these photos.” MooMooRum showed dark skylines with few stars. Richards did not say any thing. “What’s wrong? Don’t you recognize your homeland?”
Richards studied it. “It’s night time in the summer months.”
“Oh, come on! It’s noon in the winter. Everyone knows the stars do not shine in the winter months. That is why it is so cold.” MooMooRum taunted Richards.
“It’s the midnight of summer.” Richards insisted.
“Nimi, nimi, nimi! This is midnight in summer!” MooMooRum showed a clear blue sky with no clouds and the stars shined brightly.
Richards glared at Dradik. “It would depend on which hemisphere you are in,” Dradik spoke finally. He explained the different climates in different hemispheres. Even Ka’ started to shake his head.
Finally, the judge stopped the questioning. He questioned Richards about Romasu himself. Richards glare at Dradik again. “I am not convinced the Humana is from Romasu.” Ka’ looked at his tablets with the pleadings. “It is clear that the Humana is fluent in Lorana, which is required for sentience. But I am not convinced that they have a home in the empire. I deem them as nonsentient beings, but not owned by the Bohinan. That doesn’t mean the Bohinan have the right to take Humana and force them into slavery! Any attempt to enslave the Humana or the Tomabe will result in the transfer of ownership of the Bohinan to the Humana! The Humana has the right to protect themselves!”
“Your Honor, I must protest!” MooMooRum stood and complained.
“Ambassador MooMooRum you should know the law. It is clear. Those species that have at least one of the requirements for sentience have the right to protect themselves until they can prove the other requirement.” Ka’ pointed at MooMooRum. “If you even attempt to take one Humana or Tomabe, you will become the property of the Humana. So, be it! This Court is adjourned!” He struck the gavel on the bench and stood.
“All rise!” The bailiff ordered.
Everyone stood. MooMooRum came to Richards. “This is not over! You will be ours.”
“You even try to take one of us and you will be ours.” Richards stood his ground.
The bull snorted and left.

Contents



CHAPTER 38 Death

Richards, Samson, Rocky, and Hunter wandered the market place as they patrolled the area to keep the humans safe. Many humans walked about as they shopped for necessities. The troops stopped near a restaurant as Hunter looked over the crowd.
“Here comes trouble.” Hunter pointed down a corridor. The others with him looked where he pointed. Two lines of Bohinans marched toward them. The people scrambled as the bulls moved in.
One of the bulls walked up to the four. “Come with us!”
“We’re not going anywhere!” Richards stood in front of the bull. “Ka’ said if you even attempt to take any of us, you belong to the Humana.”
“He’s not here, we are!” The bull put his hand on his weapon as he and the other beasts drew their guns. They stunned the humans.
Hunter woke up in a cell. He looked around and saw Richards, Samson, and Rocky already awake with only rags as clothes. Hunter sat up and shook his head. He noticed he too had a ragged loincloth.
“Shake it off. You were hit by a stun gun.” Richards walked to him.
“Where are we and what did they do with our clothes?” Hunter rose to his knees and then to his feet. He was a bit wobbly, but he rose to his feet.
“Aboard a Bohinan ship no doubt.” Rocky stood.
Samson remained seated on the floor. “Hey, Hercules, can you get us outta here?”
Hunter went to the wall of the cell and cautiously put his hand on the wall. He felt the energy in the wall and started to apply pressure to the wall as he pushed his hand into the light. His arm went as far as his shoulder and then snapped back with great force. “Wow! That’s some force field!” Hunter looked at his companions wide-eyed.
“Look up above, Hercules!” Samson pointed up as Hunter ran his eyes up the wall to the ceiling where he found the projectors. He smiled. “I can handle those thingies.” He looked around for something to use. He noticed Samson as he waved at him. “Did you have an idea, O Mighty Mind?”
“Watch it! You’re very close to insubordination.” Samson stood.
“Yes, Master Gunnery Sergeant … sir!”
Samson came to Hunter and lifted him one-handed up to the projector and there Hunter reached in and bent the projector. They did it again to two more projectors until there was room enough for them to step through. The four looked for a way out of the place. They found a door and Hunter attempted to slide the door open. But it would not budge.
“Push and slide at the same time, Hercules.” Samson walked up to him. “Like this.” He pushed the door against the back wall and slid it back into the doorcase. “There!”
With the door open, the four made their way out, and down a corridor to a junction where a bull stood guard. Rocky snuck up behind the beast and punched him in the tailbone. The force severed the spinal cord at that point. The bull tried to call for help, but Richards stifled his voice. Richards choked him into unconsciousness. Samson picked him up with one hand and put him into a small room off the corridor, tied him up, and gagged him.
They went down the next corridor to another guard who stood on all fours. Rocky snuck up and punched him in the tailbone as before. The bull mooed loudly as he tried to call for help. Richards quickly silenced him. Samson picked him up and put him into a small utility room Hunter found. They bound him as before and locked the door. They caught up with the others already further down the corridor.
They came to another junction where two bulls guarded a large set of doors. The guards faced the wrong direction for a sneak attack. This would call for an all-out assault of four on two. To make matters worse, these guards had weapons. As they contemplated what to do, two more guards showed up with their backs to the humans. These two apparently were to relieve the others. So, while the four guards discussed some matters, the four humans attacked the guards.
They overpowered the guards and struck them in the tailbone. They silenced their calls for help. Samson opened the big doors and helped to drag in the guards. The room was an armory. After the four tied up their guards, they collected as many of the weapons as possible and destroyed the rest.
Down another corridor, they came to a broad set of doors, but no guards. Richards opened the doors and saw the engine compartment. They entered the room and quickly closed the doors. Rocky and Hunter went to the engine to evaluate it and find the controls. The two found a way to shut it down. But this set off an alarm.
“Quick, disable the engine and let’s get out of here!” Richards ran to Rocky.
Samson shot the control panel with the highest setting of the weapon, it did the job and put the engine out of commission. The motor was … gone.
“Let’s go!” Richards ran to the big doors with the others close behind.
They opened the doors and exited the room. Samson shot the door’s control panel which blew it up. They ran down a corridor just in time to avoid the bulls that came from the other direction.
Alarms started to go off around the ship. Everywhere they turned more sirens began to sound. They came up behind a group of bulls and shot them, but there were too many of them. They shot back and hit Richards. He went down. Hunter picked him up and they ran back down the corridor they had just come. Samson brought up the rear as he continued to shoot the bad guys. Rocky and Hunter dodge the bulls’ shots as they ran.
They came to a dead end. But the guards stopped their pursuit. Rocky started to gasp for air.
“Is something wrong with the air?” Rocky gasped. “The air seems to be getting rather thin.”
“It doesn’t seem to bother me.” Corey put Richards down.
“I think the life support is failing since we put the engine off-line.” Samson gasped for air, too.
Richards started to come around. “What’s happening?” He was still groggy.
“The bad guys are running out of air, sir.” Samson knelt by Richards.
Richards sat up as he held his head. “Everybody okay?”
“Yes, sir!” Rocky watched Hunter as he kept an eye out for the bulls.
“Maybe they had to leave the ship.” Hercules came back to Richards. “They need more air than we do.” 
“We need to disembark before there’s no air for us.” Richards made his way to his feet.
They headed back down a corridor and turned to go down another. A bulkhead began to close. Hercules ran to it, used a pole he found and stopped it long enough for his friends to pass through. They went down another corridor.
“The ship is shutting down. All systems are failing.” Richards led them to another bulkhead as it too began to close. 
Hercules stopped it to allow the others to pass. Then he followed. Rocky and Samson slowed down as they gasped for air. Richards was against the wall as he gasped for air. Another bulkhead started to close.
“Come on, guys! The doors are closing. We have to get out now!” He carried Richards to the bulkhead. Then he went back for Samson and Rocky.
“We’re going in circles.” Rocky gasped. “We need a map of this maze.”
The bulkhead closed. Hercules tried to slide it open, but it was too heavy. He looked around for a control panel. He saw his friends pass out one after the other. “Why isn’t it bothering me? I’m not enhanced.”
“Daddy!” Jacob’s voice broke through the darkness. Richards was on the floor as he gasped for air.
“Jacob get out of here! You’ll suffocate here!” He tried to see his son in the darkness. There at the junction, he saw a glimpse of Jacob as he fled the area.
A glow of flames started to shine against the far wall. The heat from the fire became unbearable. The general looked around and saw no one. The blaze came closer to Richards, which caused the temperature to continue to increase. Mike could hear screams and calls for help from the flames. Shadows of arms as they reached for anything to grasp appeared on the wall. He could hardly breathe from both the heat and lack of air. He felt like he was about to pass out again.
Hunter managed to open the bulkhead. He grabbed his steel pole and wedged it in the opening to keep the door open. Hunter grabbed Richards's hand and dragged him through the opening to the other side. He went back for Rocky and pulled him through. Then it was Samson’s turn. With his friends safely through, he pulled the pole through, and the door closed.
Then he went to the next bulkhead and stopped it before it closed. He put the pole in place to hold it open. Hercules pulled each of his friends through the opening and then grabbed the pole. The door shut.
Richards awoke as the heat closed in on him. He tried to move away from the heat. But, he could not. Then, there was a bright light to his left away from the flames. He looked toward the glow and saw balls of light dance about the area. The flames were nearly on him, but he could not move. He cried out in agony. He reached toward the balls of light as he hoped they could help.
Hunter dragged Samson’s body through the doorway and pulled the pole out of its place. He sat for a few moments as he started to gasp for air. Corey too began to fall victim to the lack of oxygen. He made it to his feet and picked up the pole. He went the next bulkhead as it started to close and placed the pole in the opening. Then Hercules pulled his friends through the opening. Each time it became harder to do. His air was shallow. He gasped for each breath.
“Daddy, help me!” Jacob’s voice came from the flames. Richards could only see the shadow of a boy. “Daddy, help!” Richards fought to try to move but failed. The flames lapped at him and he was nearly within their grasp. He looked toward the light. It was closer now. He tried to reach toward the glow, but he failed to move. 
 “Dad, help!” Jonathan’s voice came clear as day. He was here. The general looked and saw the shadow of a second boy. Both his sons were in the flames as they called for help. Richards was powerless to help.
Hunter pulled his friends through another bulkhead. He collapsed from the lack of air. He was nearly unconscious when he heard a bulkhead creak. A light shined in the compartment. Mitchell rushed in and knelt beside Hercules.
“Get them some air.” Hunter gasped. “They’ve been without air for some time.”
The medics rushed in and gave oxygen to the three friends. A fourth medic came to Hunter’s aid. Samson and Rocky started to cough and gasp for air. But Richards was unchanged.
“We need four stretchers in here!” Mitchell yelled to the people outside.
“Is the general going to be okay, sir?” Hunter looked at Richards’s body on the stretcher.
“I don’t know.” Mitchell looked at Hunter “You did well.”
“No man left behind, sir.” Hunter tried to keep his spirits up.
“No man left behind,” Mitchell repeated as the medics lifted Hunter and carried him out of the ship. “You did well, Corporal!”
Back in sickbay, Dr. Collins examined the four men. She still worked on Richards when Mitchell entered.
“How is he?” Mitchell looked Richards over.
“It’s too early to say. The general was without adequate air for too long.” The doctor turned to him. “He will have some problems from cells dying for lack of oxygen. I won’t be able to tell the full extent of the problems until he wakes up if he wakes up.”
“If?” Mitchell’s expression changed to concern.
“Yes, we have to face the possibility that he may never wake up. The brain shuts down to conserve oxygen. There’s a point when the body shuts off and can’t restart.” Dr. Collins turned back to Richards. “His oxygen level is back to 88%. He’ll need to stay on oxygen for some time. I’ll do what I can for him, but it may not be enough.”
“Can the boys see him?” Mitchell looked at her.
“Yes, I don’t see why not.” She checked his lungs.
Mitchell turned to another Marine and motioned for him to bring the boys. Jacob came in from the other room as he clung to the Marine’s back pocket with his face buried in the man’s hip. Then, he slowly walked to his father’s side. Mitchell picked him up as Jacob started to tear up. Jonathan came to him, finally.
“He’ll fight back,” Mitchell told Jacob softly.
Jacob just leaned against Mitchell and started to cry.
Later, Richards lay on the examination table. An unfamiliar voice called out to him in perfect English. “Michael, take my people to Romasu!” Although he could not identify the voice, he felt reassured by it. “Do not be afraid of taking them there. I am with you. I will bring you home.”
Richards opened his eyes and looked around. However, there was no one there. “Ho! That seemed so real!” Richards closed his eyes again.
“Michael, you will get better and take my people back to Romasu!” The voice said.
Richards opened his eyes and looked around as he wondered what the voice meant. A bright ball of light appeared against the wall and moved closer to him. It was brilliant but transparent.
“Michael, you will have a great battle, but the Bohinan will still pursue you. I will be with you and help you. Many storms will come for your people, but do not fear I will be with you.”
“Who are you?” Richards leaned toward the light.
“I am called ‘Dusya’ out here. I go by many names. Sleep now.
Later, Martha walked in and stood beside Richards. The lights were down low and the machines beeped as they kept Richards under constant observation. She put her hand on his. She held his hand for a few moments. She started to release it, and then he grabbed her hand and hung on.
“Dr. Collins!” She yelled as she looked around. “Nurse!” She tried to loosen his grip. “Anybody!”
Dr. Collins rushed in with several nurses right behind her.
“He’s waking up! He’s waking up!” She repeated. “He’s hurting my hand!”
Dr. Collins tried to peel Richards’s fingers away. But, she couldn’t. Samson came over and peeled his fingers away.
“Mike! Can you hear me? Mike?” Martha tried to communicate with him.
He started to gasp and opened his eyes wide. He looked around.
“Welcome back.” Dr. Collins checked his vitals.
“Are the boys alright?” He looked at Dr. Collins.
“Yes, they are. The boys are with Mitchell right now.” Dr. Collins listened to his chest. “How many fingers am I holding up?” She held up her hand.
“Three.” Richards looked at her hand.
“Good.” She let her hand down. “Where are you?”
“I don’t know.” Richards looked around confused.
“You’re in sickbay.” Dr. Collins looked in his eyes. “Do you remember what happened?”
“Yes, we knocked out the engine and life support started to fail. I passed out and woke up here.” Richards looked around frantically.
“What station is this?” Dr. Collins continued to examine him.
“I don’t know.” He focused on her. “Where is sickbay? On what base?”
“We’re on the USS George Washington docked at space station Ladorma.” She used a small flashlight to check his eyes. She turned her attention to Martha. “He has lapses of memory. That may be temporary. We won’t know for a while yet.” She turned her attention back to Richards. “Can you move your feet?”
Richards wiggled his toes and then his feet.
“Good. Can you bend your legs?” She watched for his response.
He raised his right knee and put it down. Then he raised his left knee and put it down.
“Good. Can you move your hands?” She watched his hands as they moved circularly. “Good. Rest now. I’ll have the boys come by.”
“Thank you.” Richards watched as the doctor walked away.
Samson went back to his bed.
“I had a dream that Dusya came to me and told me to take the people back to Romasu.” Richards looked up at Martha.
She was in shock. “Well, weird things happen in our dreams. We’ve never been to Romasu. We don’t even know where Romasu is, yet.
The boys came in with Mitchell. Jacob ran to his father.
“Daddy!” He took his father’s hand from Martha.
Martha backed away a few steps. Jonathan stood back away next to Mitchell who brought him closer to his father. Richards reached out for his boys and hugged them.

Contents



CHAPTER 39 The Overthrow

Judge Ka’ presided over the case Humana v. Bohinan in response to the Bohinan attempt to kidnap Richards, Samson, Rocky, and Hunter. After the life support failure, the Bohinan abandoned their ship and left them to fend for themselves, which nearly cost them their lives. Ryko reminded the judge that he ordered, any attempt by the Bohinan to take any one of the Humana or the Tomabe would result in the forfeiture of their freedom for all their people to the Humana.
“Furthermore,” Ryko stood next to the new Bohinan ambassador and Mootoomoo. “Moomoorum was a party to the previous case and therefore acknowledges the fact of the remedy available to the Humana.”
“I protest!” Moomoorum yelled.
“To what?” Ka’ demanded. “You are held to the law like any other species. Objection overruled.” He brought down the gavel hard which caused it to echo through the chamber. “Please, continue.”
“Wimi, Your Honor.” Ryko bowed to the judge and then continued. “We demand the Bohinan government be held accountable for the false imprisonment of the Humana. We demand Ambassador Moomoorum be taken into custody until the Bohinan government complies with the Court’s order.”
“I protest!” Moomoorum stood as he pounded his fist on the table. “I am an ambassador and have immunity as a head of state!”
“You are no longer recognized as a sentient being.” Ka’ proclaimed. “You are as a result of this order to be taken into custody until your government complies with the Court’s order. Bailiff!”
The bailiff ordered his staff into the room and they took Moomoorum into custody. They led him out through the door next to the bailiff's desk. The ambassador yelled something to his bulls in Bohinan. Mootoomoo responded in Bohinan.
“Your soldiers are to turn in their weapons immediately and are forbidden to have access to any type of weapon.” Ka’ ordered the bailiff to seize the weapons of the Bohinan, which he did without incident.
Mootoomoo took out his communicator and called his ship. He spoke in Bohinan and then put it away.
“That better have been an order to comply.” Ka’ held out his gavel toward the bull.
“It was,” Mootoomoo spoke in a surrendered tone.
“It was, Your Honor!” Ka’ demanded respect.
“It was, Your Honor.” Mootoomoo surrendered.
About a half an hour later while the Court was still in session, the bulls flooded the courtroom as they waved their weapons. Mootoomoo at the Bohinan table walked up to the bench.
“We of Bohina seize control of the Court and demand the release of our ambassador!” He motioned for the bulls to come forward. The bulls came forward and many stood around the humans. “The Humana belong to Bohina. You will issue that order, now!”
The ambassador returned with the bailiff’s staff and he pulled himself away from the guards. The guards let him go. He said something to the bulls in Bohinan. Then a grin came over his face as he listened to Mootoomoo. He snorted another order and the beasts went for the humans.
Richards and the others started to resist, the bulls pulled back, and drew their weapons. With the guns drawn, the humans went with the beasts out of the courtroom. Mootoomoo led the way.
Moomoorum turned his attention to the judge. “You will order your security guards to round up all Humana and Tomabe. They are to be brought to our ships for transport to Bohina. My bulls will ensure that you comply with my wishes.”
“You will never get away with this outrage!” Ka’ kept all his eyes trained on each of the bulls.
Moomoorum came up to him and swatted the judge on his snout. “We will get away with it or you die.” He turned to leave.
“Dusya will stop you!” Ka’ shouted after Moomoorum.
The ambassador stopped and turned back to him. “Dusya can’t stop anybody. He’s a myth.” He left the courtroom with many bulls to ensure the judge obeyed.
Meanwhile, the Bohinan rounded up the Humana. They didn’t even give them time to dress. They were in their sleepwear. Guards also started to round up the Humana. They took them from every establishment and every hotel room.
Hunter was with Jacob and Jonathan as they slept. The door chimed. Hunter went to the door which rang again as he reached it. When he opened the door, the Bohinan stunned him. They came into the room and dragged Jacob and Jonathan out of bed. The boys kicked and fought the best they could, but it was no use. The boys were not strong enough. Hunter laid on the floor until others came for him.
The Bohinan loaded the humans onto their ships and put them into cells. The only humans not on the Bohinan ships were those who operated the human vessels. The Bohinan and guards came to the craft and demanded they surrender. The crew stood their ground as they locked the Bohinan out of the ships and the shields raised.
Mootoomoo stepped forward from where he was outside the USS Washington. “You will surrender, or your children will die!”
The bulls and guards started to slowly back away from the ship. The heat from the ship became intolerable. The Bohinan uniforms magnified the heat. The metal in the suits began to burn the bulls. They started to shed their uniforms down only to their cloth pants. The guards also dropped their uniforms down to their pants. But the heat was still unbearable. They moved back further and the temperature started to subside. 
Mootoomoo called someone on his communicator and spoke in Bohinan.
Back on one of the Bohinan ships, they corralled Richards and others into cells. One of the bulls came and gathered all the children below the age of 10. The kids started to cry as the Bohinan tore them from the safety of their parents. The parents tried to fight for their children, but the bulls stunned them.
Richards looked over the bulls and guards. He noticed one of the guards was an Orangan named Omun who he had met days earlier. “Omun! Omun!”
Omun looked for the source of the familiar sound. He spotted Richards as he waved to him. He went through the crowd to the cell where Richards was.
“I’m sorry for all this, but the Court ordered you turned over to the Bohinan at once.” Omun came to him.
“I know, the Bohinan have overrun the Court and are holding Judge Ka’ hostage. They forced him to make the ruling under threat of death. We need your help. Tell your guards the truth and check it out with the Court.” The general stood close to the wall of the cell. “Where are they taking the children?”
“To one of the Humana ships.” Omun stood in front of Richards.
“Most likely the USS Washington.” The general looked to the Bohinan as they continued to take the children. “Do you have a key to let me out?”
“No.” Omun glanced at him and then back at the Bohinan at the other cells.
“Then, I’ll have to use my key.” Richards jumped and grabbed a projector in the ceiling.
“Your what?” Omun looked at him quickly as the general hung from the projector.
Richards started to push on the device and bent it till it broke. Then he reached for another and twisted it, too. The guard watched as the general bent the gadgets out of their places. Then he dropped to the floor and stepped out.
“Act like you’re taking me somewhere.” Richards stepped in front of his Orangan friend.
Omun complied and led the general past the cells to the outside. Once outside the ship, he turned to his friend. “Go and tell your guards what is really going on. Get them to free the judge and hopefully, the judge will retract the order and set us free.”
“Alright.” Omun went back in as the general went to the USS Washington.
When Richards arrived at his ship, he ducked behind a pillar. He watched as the Bohinan used the children as human shields to get the troops onboard to drop the shields. They moved in on the USS Washington. The doors opened and the forces started to shoot at the Bohinan. The beasts held the children in front of them. The children screamed and tried to get away. The troops stopped their attack. They waited for the Bohinan to get close enough that they could shoot around the children.
Richards ran up behind the Bohinan and grabbed one around the neck. He choked the bull until he passed out. Then the general grabbed his weapon and started to shoot the other beasts. He picked up a second weapon and began to fire at two bulls at a time.
The troops started to shoot again as they found a better aim. The bulls fell back from the frontline. They lost many of theirs. The general took them out from behind as they backed up. They soon had overpowered the Bohinan.
“Quick, tie them up and get the children onboard!” Richards searched for his boys.
The troops poured out and rounded up the Bohinan as others took the children onboard. In confusion, Mootoomoo made his getaway. Richards did not find Jonathan or Jacob.
“Has anyone seen my boys?” He called out.
“No, sir!” yelled a soldier.
“No, sir!” yelled another soldier as he came to Richards.
“What will we do with the Bohinan, sir?” A Marine walked up to Richards.
“We’ll have to hold them here until we can turn them over to security.” Richards tied up a bull. “We can’t do that until we know that they have verified the Bohinan have overrun the Court and freed the judge.”
A platoon of security guards marched up to Richards and stopped. The lead guard came to him. “We have learned the Bohinan have held the judge hostage. We have freed the hostages and declared martial law. You will surrender the Bohinan to us.”
“Take them!” Richards gave the guard the Bohinan. “We have several other ships to check on to make sure they are secure.”
“We will go with you as soon as we have put these Bohinan in the Goyak.” The guards took the bulls and left.
“I need a detail to go with me to the other ships!” Richards looked over his men.
A group of them went with him to the FNS Suomenlinna. They found several bulls as they tried to take the ship. The general and the troops opened fire and took out many of them before they could take up defensive positions. The remainder took out several of Richards’s men who shot the lead bull. His men took out the other beasts.
After the firefight, the humans tied up the Bohinan with the help of the troops from the Suomenlinna. With the enemy secured, Richards and the soldiers turned their attention to aid their fallen friends. It took some time, but the troops came around and were okay.
Next, they went to the British ship H.M.S. Hawthorne. With the added help from the troops of the Suomenlinna, they were able to take out the Bohinan who fought against the Brits. They tied them up and had the Brits stand guard while Richards and his troops went to the next ship.
By the time they reach the last ship, the security guards came up to them. They helped to subdue the last of the Bohinan. The guards took them to jail and some of them stayed with the humans. They went to the Bohinan ships and started to free the humans and Tomabe.
They came to the last Bohinan ship. Mootoomoo’s voice came over the intercom. “We have your offspring, Jonathan and Jacob. Surrender or they die.”
Richards walked up to the ship without his weapon.
“All of you surrender!” Mootoomoo’s voice came over the intercom again.
All the troops and guards surrendered, approached the door, and knelt. Richards knelt in front of them as they sat on their heels with their hands behind their head. The Bohinan came out with their weapons drawn. The bulls started to shoot them.
They woke up in cells with the others and then Richards went to the wall of his enclosure and looked around the room. He did not see his boys.
One of the Marines came to him. “Do you think they really have them, sir?”
“They must have them somewhere.” Richards turned to him. “This is the last Bohinan ship and we haven’t found them yet.”
Another Marine came to them. “I can verify that the Bohinan have them, sir. They took them from this cell shortly before you came in.”
Richards went to the guards. “Do any of you understand Bohinan?”
“We all do when we become one of them.” One of the guards who stood near the wall walked toward Richards. He became a bull and stopped in front of Richards. “What do you want to know?”
“If they really have my boys and where they have them.” The general peered into his eyes.
The guard thought for a moment. “They have one of them on their bridge. The older one is in the ambassador’s cabin. They are fighting to get free.” The guard/bull looked around the area.
“Can you lead us to them?” Richards went to the door.
“Wimi, but how will we get out of here?” The guard turned to him.
Richards jumped up and started to bend two projectors. They creaked as he applied pressure. Soon, they twisted and a doorway opened. “Just like that.” He stepped out and the men followed. The bull led them out of the room.
They went down a corridor to a junction and found a bull while he stood guard at a room. The guard walked up to him and spoke in Bohinan. The first bull nodded and said something back. He went into the room. The other beast punched in a code into the keypad and locked the door. He motioned to his friends. They continued to the bridge.
At the end of a corridor, the bull motioned them to wait. “The door leads to the bridge.”
Richards and the others hid around a corner. The bull looked at them to make sure they were out of sight. Then he opened the door and went inside.
Inside, the bull looked around and found a human boy chained to a pipe in a corner away from the equipment. The beast went to him.
“I am an Orangan guard. I came to take you to your father.” He showed Jacob his face. “After I get you to safety, I’ll go for your brother?”
Jacob nodded.
“Stay here, while I take care of the bulls.” The guard turned.
Jacob nodded. The bull went to the others. He looked at each one of them, concentrated on their thoughts, and located the beast with the key. The bull went to him and bumped into him. They exchanged angry moos and snorts. The animal left them and went back to Jacob.
There he unlocked the shackles. “I’ll distract the bulls and you leave. Your father is outside the door.”
Jacob nodded. The guard went to the others and Jacob hid around a corner. The bull started to talk in Bohinan and Jacob saw his opportunity to sneak out.
Outside, he found his father and went to him. Richards hugged him.
“We’ll go for Jonathan?” He held the boy.
“Okay, Daddy.” Jacob started to cry.
“Stay with this Marine.” He told him. Then he went to the door.
He put an ear to the door. He waved to the others to come. “Someone to tell me what’s going on inside.”
One of the guards became a bull and put an ear to the door. “They are discussing their departure from the station. They plan to leave within the hour. They will use the boys as hostages to draw the Humana ships to follow them to Bohina. There, they will make you slaves.”
“Do they have any weapons?” Richards put a hand on the bull’s shoulder.
“No, they don’t.” The bull stood straight. “They consider their bridge a safe place and see no need for weapons.”
The general motioned for his troops to come. He opened the door and they rushed in. They fought with the bulls. Richards struck several beasts in the tailbone and paralyzed them. Then, he went after Mootoomoo himself.
Mootoomoo grabbed a bar from along the wall. He swung at the general, who blocked it and gave Mootoomoo a hip throw. The bull landed on his back. He rolled to his belly and stood. Richards tried to disable him, but the beast kicked him in the stomach which sent him backward into a computer bank. Sparks flew as he landed on the floor. Mootoomoo came after him with a weapon. He shot at the general which trapped him in an energy bubble. He struggled to get free, but the bubble just stretched.
Mootoomoo laughed at him. “You cannot get out of there, Animal. You are mine!”
Richards rolled toward the bull and came up with a punch to the bull’s midsection which knocked the wind out of him. Then he grabbed the weapon the beast dropped and shot at himself. This destroyed the bubble and set him free.
“Think again, Beasty!” Richards stood and shot Mootoomoo with his own weapon. It enclosed him in an energy bubble. Though he fought to get free, he could not. “Have fun, Beasty!” Richards went to assist the others.
As the troops and guards finished the fight, more guards flooded the room.
“The Cavalry always arrives too late for the fight.” Richards enclosed the last of the Bohinan in an energy bubble.
The other guards turned back to themselves and explained to their friends what happened. The guards took the Bohinan away as well as Mootoomoo.
The humans searched the rest of the ship with the help of the Orangan guards as they looked for the ambassador and Jonathan.
When they found the room, Jonathan had the ambassador on the floor unable to move his hind legs. Jonathan sat in the big chair as he twirled around.
“Okay, Jonathan, the fun’s over.” Richards went to his son.
“Oh, Dad, it was getting exciting.” Jonathan stopped and looked at his Dad while he held his head still.
The next day, they were back in court. The judge ordered the Bohinan to stand trial for their hostage and kidnapping charges. Mootoomoo sat at their table and Moomoorum appeared in court in a motorized wheelchair.
“I demand you charge the Humana with striking a head of state.” Moomoorum tried to maneuver his chair.
“Oh, shut up!” Ka’ brushed off his demand. “You got what you deserved. Your people are now the property of the Humana. They have the right to sell your people into slavery. That will give you a taste of what you have put others through for centuries.”
Ryko stood. “Your Honor, the Humana wish to be granted sentience again.”
The judge thought for a moment. “I will keep that under advisement. They still have not provided adequate proof of a homeworld within the empire. Therefore, by law, they are not yet sentient.
“Yes, Your Honor.” Ryko sat as Richards leaned over to him.
“We tried.” The general whispered to Ryko.

Contents



CHAPTER 40 The Escape

The bulls moved around a cell on all fours as they mooed and made other sounds. They sounded like a herd of cattle confined to a small area as they awaited slaughter. There were so many that they could hardly move about.
Mootoomoo raised up on his hind legs. “Turn around and face the walls of the cell!” The bulls did so. “We must break out of this Goyak! Stamped!”
The bulls pressed against the walls of the cell. They mooed loudly as they felt the pain of the jolts, yet the beasts continued to push on the walls as they stretched to walls further out. But the walls snapped back to their original shape. The force threw the bulls back into Mootoomoo which knocked him over.
Mootoomoo stood again. “The Humana can break out, why can’t we?”
“I have seen them bend the projectors and disrupt the signals.” One of the bulls came toward his leader.
“Then let’s do it ourselves!” Mootoomoo mooed at his bulls. He made his way toward the front wall. “Several of you make a ramp at the wall and I will climb your backs to reach the devices. Let us see if I can bend them.” The bulls formed the ramp quickly and Mootoomoo climbed it. But when he reached for the projector, he could not raise his front leg high enough. “Rise the ramp higher, higher!” The bulls raised the ramp and finally, Mootoomoo could reach the device. But he could not bend it. So, he kicked at it over and over until it turned.
The wall opened only a little as the bulls reformed the ramp at the next device and tried again. The leader kicked the projector repeatedly and broke it. Another opening in the wall appeared. It was barely enough for them to squeeze through one at a time.
Once out of the cell, Mootoomoo silenced his bulls and put an ear to the door. He tried to open it, but nothing happened. He put his shoulder to the door and slid back. The door opened, but as soon as he moved away, it closed again. He tried again, opened it, and this time let the door slide down his side as he stepped out of the room. The next bull did the same as did all the others. They soon were out.
Out of the room, they stampeded the area and searched for weapons. Mootoomoo led them to the exit doors as the guards ran toward them. The guards became bulls themselves and fought Mootoomoo’s bulls. Several bulls jumped on the backs of other beasts as they tried to force them to surrender. Other bulls fought with their horns to gouge their enemies. Some of the animals who struggled with their horns lost their horns. Still, others dug their enemies severely as the enemies fell to the floor in pools of blood. The moos and other sounds filled the area as the battle raged on.
One by one the bulls started to exit the Goyak. Their wounds caused them to stumble as they went. They mooed weakly as they tried to hurry down a corridor. More followed them as they continued to escape the Goyak.
Some bulls came out and collapsed on the floor. Then they changed back into the guards. They were severely wounded and their orange blood flowed out from them. Other guards came to their aid. They applied first-aid to their comrades, but not all survived. Several guards took their fallen friends away, while others pursued the escaped bulls.
Mootoomoo came to the head of the stamped and led them to the market place where they all stood on their hind hooves and surveyed the area. The market was full of people from across the empire. The bulls could not locate any Humana or Tomabe. They went down into the crowd and dispersed them.
Mootoomoo called all his ships and ordered their bulls to flood the station in search of the Humana and Tomabe. They came from all directions to seek those they claim to be theirs. The Bohinan started to go door to door in their search.
The guards came into the market and the Imperial Guard joined them as they marched in from the opposite directions toward the Bohinan. The people scattered for safety as the Imperial Guard opened fire on the Bohinan. The bulls fought back as they retreated the way they came. Station guards opened fire on them from behind as they split the beasts apart into smaller units. Bulls fell everywhere as the two opposing sides squeezed them in the middle.
Mootoomoo and his closest aides ran for the elevators where they went down several floors to escape the massacre. They headed back around to their ships.
A spy watched the bulls from above as they went down a ramp. The spy moved close behind as the spy kept the animals in sight.
The bulls came to another set of elevators and rode them back up to the original floor. They exited the elevators and gathered in the corridor. A metal ball rolled into the crowd as the bulls gathered around to inspect it. A timer dinged and a mechanical voice called out in Lorana “Surprise!” There was a loud boom and beasts flew everywhere.
Mootoomoo crawled out from under several bodies while he dragged an injured leg toward his ship. He reached his landing port and reached for the button to open the door.
A gloved hand grabbed his hand and spun him around with great force. His eyes became big as he looked at the assailant. Then a smile came over him.
Richards ducked as a bull came up behind him and tried to seize him. He gave the beast a swift kick to the midsection and then a kick to the right knee which sent the bull to the floor. When Richards turned around to face Mootoomoo, he was gone. The general spun around and disabled the beast. Richards adjusted a bag he had strapped to his waist. He took a key from him and went to the port door.
Inside, the general found an armory with many weapons out of place. He went to the keypad and entered the same code Samson had used to board and exit the other ships. The door opened and he passed through. He went for the engine room.
When he arrived, he put an ear to the door and listened. He opened the door and took another metal ball from his bag. The general placed it on the rock that sat on the part of the engine as he made sure it would stay.
“Okay, now let’s see you fire up your engines!” Richards went to a stockpile of rocks and put several balls among them. Then he left the room.
Richards returned to the armory and stuffed his bag with the weapons he found there. Finished, he left the ship and made his way back to his room on the station.
On the Bohinan ship, Mootoomoo conferred with his remaining crew. “We shall take the Humana tonight at midnight. Prepare for the attack.
The bulls left him to ponder his next move.

Contents



CHAPTER 41 Midnight Attack

The corridors of the hotels were dark. Only a few people walked the halls. The clock on the wall showed Midnight in Bokyoryi, the written form of Lorana. Several troops walked the corridors in pairs. They had their new laser rifles ready for action. Just after two Marines passed an intersection, two Bohinan appeared in the cross corridor.
The Bohinan looked around. They walked toward one of the corridors. When the passage was clear, they started down it while they checked doors. Rocky and another Marine shot them and allowed them to drop with a thud. The Marines dragged them out of the corridor and tied them up with their plastic strips.
Rocky pulled out his radio from his utility belt. “General Richards, this is Rocky, over!”
“This is Richards!” The general’s voice came over Rocky’s radio. “What do you have?”
“The Bohinan are starting to check doors, sir, over!” Rocky looked back down the corridor.
“Get Mitchell’s team to join you, over.” Richards’s voice came over the radio.
“Yes, sir, out!” Rocky leaned against a wall as he looked both ways quickly.
Rocky turned a knob on his radio. “Captain Mitchell, this is Rocky, sir, over.” Rocky looked at his partner as he came to him.
“This is Mitchell. Go ahead, over.” Mitchell’s voice came over the radio.
“The general says to get your team into action. We have Bohinan checking doors, over.” Rocky held the radio up to his mouth.
“Understood.” Mitchell’s voice came over the radio. “Mitchell, out.”
Rocky put his radio back. “Let’s check the other corridor.” Rocky turned to his partner.
They cut across to the other corridor. The two walked down it a distance and then returned to the other hallway. They kept track of both halls as did the other pair of troops. As they entered the other corridor, they spotted two more Bohinan. They shot them, too. They dragged them to the first pair and tied them together with their plastic strips. Then they collected their weapons and communicators.
As they stood, two more Bohinan appeared behind them. They spun around and shot the Bohinan whose reflexes were too slow. They fell to the floor. Mitchell and his men showed up.
“They’re sending more troops.” Rocky and his partner tied up the Bohinan. “They appear in this junction.” Rocky and his partner dragged the Bohinan to the others.
“Keep an eye on this junction, then.” Mitchell looked at the pile of Bohinan.
Before Mitchell finished, his help shot two more Bohinan. They tied them up with the plastic ties and piled them in the junction. Mitchell pulled out his radio.
“This is Mitchell. All troops report to your stations.” Mitchell shot two Bohinan. “The Bohinan are attempting to kidnap our people. They are using the junctions as landing points. All troops report to stations. Mitchell out!”
Mitchell put away his radio. Four Bohinan appeared. They went down and one human dropped. Mitchell checked the human.
“He’s just out.” Mitchell stood. “He’ll be okay. They haven’t learned we’re watching this junction. Where are the other troops?”
“Haven’t seen them, sir.” Rocky held his rifle pointed toward the ceiling.
“Go check them out and keep them moving.” Mitchell pointed down the hall.
“Yes, sir!” Rocky turned and headed down the corridor with several men. They came to the end of the hall to find their troops unconscious on the floor. “Check for missing people.” Rocky pulled out his radio. “Captain Mitchell!”
“Yes? This is Mitchell.” Mitchell’s voice came over the radio.
“Sir, our men have been attacked.” Rocky checked the men over. “We’re checking to see if the people are alright.”
“Good.” Mitchell’s voice came over the radio. “Keep the area covered.”
“Yes, sir!” A door opened and Rocky swung around. Two Bohinan had a human hostage while one motioned Rocky to drop his weapon. He started to comply but quickly stunned the hostage. Then shot the two Bohinan before they could respond. Their slow reflexes proved helpful.
Rocky revived the woman. “You alright, ma’am?”
She nodded slowly as she regained her composure.
“Stay in your room with the doors locked until we say otherwise.” Rocky helped her back into her room.
She locked the door after he left. Rocky went back to his fallen friends and tried to wake them. He managed to get one to awaken. The other remained asleep.
“Stay with your partner.” Rocky returned to the others as they walked up and down the corridor. More troops walked up and down the other end of the hall. Mitchell stood guard near Bohinan captives as Rocky came to him.
“There is one man still down. His partner is staying with him, sir.” Rocky reported as he looked over the large group of captives.
“Good. Keep a close eye on this corridor.” Mitchell shot one Bohinan who started to awaken. “The other floors are having the same problem.”
Rocky took a large bag from a pocket in his fatigue pantleg and started to put Bohinan weapons in it. When it was full, he took out another from the other pant leg and filled that one. “It will be a long night, sir.”
“Perhaps.” Mitchell took a bag from his fatigue pantleg pocket and finished the collection of weapons. “We don’t know these people very well. They may be more determined than we thought.”
“Yes, sir!” Rocky and several other troops carried the bags of weapons away.
Samson and his partner came to Mitchell. “Things are quieting down, sir.”
“Good, maybe they’ve had enough losses.” Mitchell shot another Bohinan who tried to wake up. “We have 86 captives, all sleeping like babies.”
Samson looked at them. “I’ll go check the other sections.”
“Make sure the guys don’t let their guard down.” Mitchell put out another captive.
“Yes, sir!” Samson and his partner turned and went back to the end of the corridor.
No more Bohinan appeared in the corridors or their junctions.
Three hours later, Mitchell called more troops on the radio. When they arrived, he had them relieve the others.
“Simmons, your squad relieves Rocky’s.” Mitchell assigned duties to his troops. “I don’t expect them to come again tonight.
“Yes, sir!” Simmons’s voice came back over the radio.
Mitchell switched to Rocky’s signal. “Rocky, your men are relieved as soon as Simmons’s team reaches you.”
“Yes, sir!” Rocky’s voice came back over the radio.
Richards came to relieve Mitchell.

Contents



CHAPTER 42 Report to Security

Dradik approached Richards as he led the boys through the market place. They stopped just outside the circus. Jacob carried a bag as did Jonathan.
“I understand you are looking for me.” Dradik stood with his hands as if in prayer.
“Yes, we were attacked last night.” Richards glanced down at Jacob when he grabbed the general’s back pocket, and then he looked back at Dradik. “The Bohinan tried to take off with our people last night.”
“Have you reported it to security?” Dradik let his hands down.
“I didn’t know where I would report such a thing.” Richards kept his eyes on Dradik as Jacob leaned against his father.
“I’ll be happy to go with you to security.” Dradik smiled.
“Thank you.” Richards looked around. “Which way?”
“Just follow me.” Dradik turned and led them away.
They went to the elevator where Dradik pressed a button. They waited with several others. People stepped out of the elevator and more stepped in. The people crowded around in the lift. They seemed more afraid to touch Richards than anything.
“Now, what?” Jacob looked at them.
“Oh, you are not used to seeing your father get such attention.” Dradik glanced at him. “Here people do not touch like in your culture. They are afraid to touch him. They think he would get mad.”
“Not Daddy.” Jacob watched the people. “He’s used to getting touched.”
Dradik grinned at Jacob. The elevator stopped.
“Our floor.” Dradik stepped off as the doors opened.
They exited the elevator, walked down a corridor, and came to a door which Dradik opened for Richards.
“People do open doors for others.” Dradik held the door for them. “Go on in.”
Dradik led Richards to the front desk with Jonathan and Jacob close to their father. The receptionist looked up at them. She was Gorenan. She hung up the phone with one set and handed Richards a pad with the other.
“What’s the complaint?” The woman looked at them.
“The Bohinan attacked his people during the night.” Dradik pointed to the general.
“Time?” The woman entered information into her computer. “Location?”
“Midnight, on level five.” Dradik looked at her.
“How did you know that?” Richards went to sit.
“It’s in your mind.” Dradik glanced at him.
“Language?” The woman entered more data.
“English.” Dradik looked back at her.
“Fill out the form, please.” She looked at Richards.
“Fill out the form.” Dradik turned to Richards.
“Understood.”
“Species.” The woman typed.
“Humana.” Dradik turned to her. “From the planet Romasu. It’s at the edge of the empire.”
“How long is your stay?” She typed more data.
“Three more weeks.” Dradik looked at Jacob.
“Anyone hurt?” She looked up as she typed. “Is anyone missing?”
“No.” Dradik held his hands together. “There are over 40,000 Humana they had to do a count first.”
Richards brought the pad back and handed it to Dradik.
“Very good.” Dradik looked at the pad. “Your reading is becoming good.”
“Thank you.” Richards put a hand on Jacob as he came to the general and clung to his back pocket as he rested his head against his father’s hip. Jonathan looked around at all the different people.
Dradik passed the pad to the woman. She looked it over and then attached a cable to it. A few moments later, she disconnected the cable. “I do not see ‘Humana’ listed as sentient beings.” The woman looked at Dradik.
“Yesterday, they were partially sentient by Judge Ka’.” Dradik frowned at her.
“We cannot help, if they are not a sentient species.” She looked at Richards and the boys.
Richards stepped to the counter and handed her the certificate pad showing that Humans are sentient.
“He speaks Lorana?” She looked at Dradik.
“Wimi, his people are studying Lorana more at this time.” Dradik smiled at her.
“We cannot help until they finish the class and can prove they speak Lorana fluently.” The woman resumed data entry. “They must also have a home planet.”
“Our home planet is Romasu.” Richards frowned as he looked from the woman to Dradik and back again.
“It’s not known in the empire. So, it won’t count.” She frowned at Richards. “Nor being nomads.”
“Any other requirements?” Richards spoke in an angry manner.
“Be careful how you speak.” She scolded as she shook her hands at him.
“Sorry.” Richards looked down at Jacob. “We are a sentient people just like any other.”
“That’s yet to be proven.” She looked back at her screen.
“We just showed you the proof.” Dradik turned to Richards. “Let’s go before she turns us over to the Bohinan.”
The general pulls a pad from a pants’ pocket. He handed it to the woman and pressed the button. It showed the standing of the Humana and that the Court ordered the Bohinan turned over to them if they attempted to take even one Humana.
“It shows you met one of the requirements, that of Lorana. But it does not show that you are sentient.” The woman handed the pad back. “It does show that the court ordered the Bohinan to be turned over to you if they tried to take any of you. But we cannot help you. You are not sentient. Go through the Court to get this enforced.”
The general took the pad back. They left the security office as Jonathan trailed behind and Jacob held onto his father’s back pocket.
Jacob looked at the other people as he grabbed hold of his back pocket more strongly and pressed against him.
“What’s going on here?” Richards looked at Dradik as they walked down the hall.
“Six empires are fighting with each other.” Dradik looked over at him. “I would not have thought she would be caught up in it. Each empire denies others’ people sentience. So, they have no standing in their courts. Since no one knows much about Romasu, they deny you as a sentient being. So, no matter how much you desire to kill a Bohinan, you must take every precaution not to execute one or your people and ships will be deemed as Bohinan property.”
“So, no one will help us.” Richards looked worried.
“That is correct.” Dradik led them to the elevator. “I was hoping security here would not be caught up in the politics of the empires. But they are and we must act accordingly.”
“How can we keep them from taking our people?” Richards stepped onto the elevator.
“Get everyone on your ships and use your new shields.” Dradik pressed the button. “The work should be far enough along to allow you to return to your ships. When the work is done leave Ladorma as soon as you can.”
They walked through the market place. The people watched them while many followed. A group of Bohinan came up to Richards.
“This is not over, Beast!” One of the Bohinan pointed at him. “You will be ours and you will work the mines of Bohina!”
The Bohinan turned and walked away.
“Let’s go make the arraignments to move the people back to their ships.” Richards watched them leave.
“Very well.” Dradik turned to continue. “Let’s go to the merchants; they will do the rest.”
“We need to be on the ships tonight.” Richards and Jacob followed Dradik.

Contents



CHAPTER 43 Richards Arrested

The corridors quieted down as the last few people either entered their rooms or left the floor. The Bohinan began to appear on the floor. They started to check the rooms. But they found no humans. They didn’t even locate the human guards. The Bohinan left the level. The Bohinan appeared on another floor. They checked the doors and found no humans. They left the floor like the others.
The Bohinan appeared next in the market place. They walked up a passageway and a group of human guards met them. One of the Bohinan took out his communicator and mooed and more Bohinan appeared behind them. One of the new bulls took out his weapon and shot the first bull. Then he called someone.
Soon several security guards rushed up the walkway. One of the humans called for Richards.
“General, this is Scott. The Bohinan are here in the market place and they shot one of their own people.” Scott reported on his communicator. “Now, a band of security guards is here.”
“Understood, I’m on my way.” Richards’s voice came over the radio. “Stand your ground.”
“Yes, sir!” Scott put away his radio.
Many more human guards came through the door. Richards himself went out the door. He walked up to the head security guard.
“What is the problem?” Richards asked security in Lorana.
“The Bohinan claim your people killed one of their soldiers.” The security officer held out handcuffs. “You must surrender to us as their leader.”
“Where are you taking me?” Richards stepped toward the guard. “We did not shoot anyone. The Bohinan had no cause to be here in the first place.”
“The judge will decide what is going on.” The security guard took Richards by the wrist. “Come with us.”
“Stand your ground. I’ll go with the guard.” Richards put his hands behind his back and allowed the security guard to handcuff him.
“Yes, sir!” Scott watched the security guard.
The security guard took him down another passageway. The Bohinan snorted at the humans and followed the security guards. They took the body of their soldier with them.
As they entered the corridor, a crowd encircled them. The group followed the security team to the elevators where the security guards walked on with Richards. The Bohinan had to wait for another elevator.
On the upper floor, the guards took Richards to their holding facility, the Goyak. There they took the cuffs off.
“Empty your pockets.” The lead guard pointed to the counter.
Richards complied. He only had a radio and the court seal in his pockets. He put them on the counter.
“What is your species?” The head guard stepped behind a table.
“Humana.” Richards looked him straight in the eye.
“What is your home planet?” The guard entered the information into a computer.
“Romasu.” Richards looked at the Bohinan.
“Which empire are you from?” The guard looked up. “Which empire?”
“I am from this empire. Romasu is in quadrant 215-897-32-25.” Richards looked back at the guard.
“So, you’re not a sentient being.” The guard entered more information.
“Here’s the seal from Judge Ka’.” He pushed the seal toward him. “You understand what I am saying. I speak Lorana that should count for something. Judge Ka’ gave us sentience but retracted it. Then...” Richards leaned on the counter.
“That doesn’t matter.” The guard looked at him sternly. “The judge is not convinced you are really from Romasu. Therefore, your status is in question. You must prove you are a sentient being before you have standing in Court.”
“How do I do that?” Richards started to puff himself up to try to intimidate the guard.
“Ask the judge tomorrow.” The small Orangan guard was unmoved and puffed himself up to a larger size than Richards. He ripped out of his uniform. He even grew taller. He stood over Richards like the general was a child. Richards looked up at the giant.
The Bohinan laughed at Richards, who frowned at them. The guard put a bracelet around Richards’s right wrist. Then he pressed a button on the desk. It sent a shock up to the bracelet. Richards shook his arm.
“I had to test it.” The guard sat and finished his report. “Take him to the cell.”
The other guards led Richards to the back where he went into a cell with other inmates. Richards looked at the guards who started to puff themselves up and grow. They began to rip out of their uniforms but stopped halfway.
Meanwhile, Mitchell took control of the USS Washington and prepared the troops to go take Richards back. Dradik appeared on the bridge. Mitchell approached him.
“Great! We need your help.” Mitchell stopped in front of him. “We need to rescue General Richards. The Bohinan shot one of their own and blamed us. So, the security guards took the general.”
“Breaking him out won’t help the situation.” Dradik stood with his hands as if in prayer. “You have to prove you are sentient beings.”
“How do we do that?” Mitchell threw his hands up. “Everything is stacked against us.”
“First, let things run their course.” Dradik let his hands down. “When they see you honor their laws. They will accept you. You must prove you can handle Lorana, which he does quite well. Then we have to claim a planet within the empire is your homeworld.”
“How? We haven’t found a home yet.” Mitchell’s frustration showed.
“There is Romasu that we can claim as your home. All we need to do is claim it.” Dradik looked at him. “No one goes to it.”
“We tried that and the judge is not convinced it is our home. You want us to lie to the Court again?” Mitchell put his hands on his hips. “I didn’t think you were the type.”
“This is true.” Dradik just continued to look at him. “But it’s the only way to be declared a sentient being. These people do not accept nomads. You’ll just have to live there for a year. So, you must convince the judge that Romasu is your home.”
“Alright.” Mitchell surrendered to the plan. “We’ll follow your lead. But, how will we be able to describe it when we’ve never seen it?”
“Most people have never seen it.” Dradik raised his hands as if to pray again. “So, that wouldn’t matter.”
“Alright. Alright.” Mitchell glanced away a second. “When will he be in Court?”
“Tomorrow morning.” Dradik started to fade. “It’s about 0800 hours in your time.”
“Okay, I’ll get someone to watch the boys.” Mitchell turned around as Dradik vanished.
“I’ll do it, sir.” Samson stood at his station.
“Okay.” Mitchell turned to him. “They should be getting home about now. So, go and stay the night.”
“Yes, sir!” Samson left his post. Sutherland assumed his position.
“Let’s see how this turns out.” Mitchell went to his chair and sat as he thought thoroughly.

Contents



CHAPTER 44 The Great Escape

Richards did chin-ups on the bars at the top of the cell. He did some with his hands close and some with his hands apart. As he did them, a man wheeled in a cart of food trays. The man looked human.
He passed out the food to the others in the cell. Richards dropped to the floor as the man came to him. He took the tray.
“Thank you.” Richards looked at the man.
“You speak English?” The man sounded surprised.
“Yes, it is used on earth,” Richards spoke English as he ate.
“My ancestors came from earth.” The man spoke back in perfect English. “The Bohinan attacked and sold us into slavery generations ago. I never dreamed of meeting anyone else from earth.”
“We were part of the sleepers.” Richards took a bite. “When we awoke we found everyone dead or gone.”
“How did you get here?” The man grinned ear to ear with big eyes surprised to meet a human.
“The Bukka brought us. We are having our ships updated.” Richards took a sip of juice. “What’s your name?”
“I'm called ‘Thomas.’” Thomas picked up the trays from the other prisoners.
“Are there others of you here?” Richards looked around at the others.
“Yes.” Thomas looked around as if afraid someone would see him with Richards. “We’re kept up on level 26. They don’t want us seen by others. They don’t consider us sentient beings.”
“I know.” Richards stood next to the cell walls and handed back his tray. “We’re having the same trouble. The Bohinan are trying to enslave us, too. So far, we have managed to stay free. But now that they shot one of their own and claimed we did it, we’re likely to be enslaved.”
“How many of you are there?” Thomas took his tray and put it on the cart.
“There’s over 40,000 of us.” Richards put his hands on his hips. “Many are troops. I imagine Mitchell is planning a rescue. I just don’t know what.”
“I may be able to get a key.” Thomas motioned with his hand. “Would you take us with you?”
“Sure. How many are you?” Richards looked up at the projectors and jumped up. He grabbed them and started to bend two of them.
“We have about 5,000, I think.” Thomas stepped back. “Not everyone speaks English. Some speak languages I can’t identify.”
“A lot of people came from Scandinavia, Eastern and Western Europe, South and North America, Asia, and the Middle East.” Richards bent the projectors until they broke. “Let’s focus on getting out of here.”
Thomas’s eyes became big. “Wow!” Thomas watched him in amazement as he dropped to the floor. “How’d you do that?”
“It’s a long story.” Richards looked around. “Now, lead the way out of here.”
Thomas took Richards to the door. He checked through the crack
“There are three guards out there,” Thomas whispered. “What do we do?”
Richards looked through the crack and saw the three guards. One came near the door. Richards quickly opened the door and grabbed the guard from behind. He twisted the guard’s neck as he snapped it. He and Thomas slipped out of the cell room and closed the door.
The others from the cell also slipped out. They attacked the guards. During the commotion, Thomas led Richards through a backdoor. They went up to a freight elevator and took it up to level 26.
Thomas went to his room and woke his family.
“Get dressed fast! Someone is taking us off the station! They’re human, too!” Thomas told them as fast as he could. 
The people rushed around to dress. They grabbed what they could.
Thomas went door to door to awaken the others. He repeated his message at each room. The people quickly dressed and grabbed what they could. He went to some places and motioned for them to dress quickly. The people spoke a different language. They started to spread the message through the rooms on the level.
Soon the corridors were full of people as they eagerly tried to find out information. They took the stairs down as far as they could. It sounded like a herd of elephants in the stairwell. Richards motioned for them to keep quiet. The people quieted down … some.
They came out at level five as the crowd headed for the corridor where the USS Washington docked. Guards came from all directions.
The guards shouted as they ran. “Stop!! Stop!! Stop!!”
But the people continued toward the USS Washington. The guards opened fire on the people. The people in the market place scattered as they screamed. The humans dodged the shots.
Mitchell and his men ran down the corridor with their weapons ready to fire back at the guards. They shot back as they reached the market place. Some of the people fell to the floor. Others helped them up and continued to run. The humans kept up the firefight with the guards. The guards had to hide. Voices came over the loudspeakers. But the weapons fire muffled them.
The people entered the USS Washington as quickly as they could. Richards motioned the teams of troops to pull back. The people ran in as the doors shut. Richards ordered shields raised.
“Did we get everyone?” Richards looked at Thomas.
“There are still humans working in the shops and other places.” Thomas came to Richards half out of breath.
“How can we notify them to run to the ships?” Richards put a hand on Thomas’s shoulder.
“The market place has an intercom system. But we have to get to it.” Thomas puffed.
Richards called Sutherland as he took his hand off Thomas. “Sutherland, break into the intercom system of the station. Get everyone to come to the levels and ports of our ships. We will worry about language issues later. The message needs to go out in all our languages.”
“Yes, sir!” Sutherland’s voice came back.
“Stewards, be on the watch for any humans coming to the doors. Open for them.” Richards looked at them. Then he looked over at Mitchell. “Good work.”
“Thanks, sir.” Mitchell looked at him as he held up his weapon.
“Get the people settled in.” Richards looked at all the people. “We’ll get the people to the right ships later.”
“Yes, sir!” Mitchell motioned for the people to follow him.
The people followed Mitchell down the corridor while Richards headed back to the market place with the troops. One marine handed him a laser rifle.
“Give the humans cover.” Richards leaned against a wall.
The others spread out to offer protection to any humans that may come their way. Sutherland’s messages rang out over the station’s intercom. Then humans ran toward the ships from all directions. Security guards opened fire on the people and several people dropped. Others dragged them to safety. Richards and his troops opened fire on the security guards.
With all the people onboard, Richards and the troops returned to the ships.
On the bridge, Richards and his crew monitored the station for any sign of humans on the way toward any of the ships. Richards noticed some on level 10. “Suomenlinna, several elderly humans on their way to you. They need assistance quick!”
“See them!” The captain’s voice came back. “We have sent troops to assist.”
Richards watched as many more elderly people made their way to the ships. Ships sent more troops to assist and eventually, the flow of people stopped.
Guards flowed to the human ships with weapons drawn. However, by the time they reached the vessels, the shields stopped their approach to the craft.
The lead guard at each vessel demanded entry. When the humans ignored their orders, large cannon-like weapons came to enforce them. As the guards set each gun up, they exploded and sent bodies everywhere.
Rocky noticed a lone girl of about three years old walk out aimlessly into the market place. “Sir! Look a girl is left behind!”
“Dradik!” Richards called out as he watched the girl nabbed by a guard. Dradik appeared. “Can you save that girl?”
Dradik turned toward the screen and the girl appeared on the bridge. She looked everyone over and cried. Richards went to her and picked her up.
“Prepare for departure!” Richards turned to Sutherland. “Put out to the parents of any missing girl of about three years old that we have her. We will find the parents ASAP.”
“Yes, sir!” Sutherland began to put out the messages.
The crew went into readiness mode as they prepared for departure, while the guards outside reorganized themselves.

Contents



CHAPTER 45 Departure

The general stepped to Sutherland’s station. All eyes were on her. “Open a channel to all ships.” He stopped in front of Sutherland.
“Channel open, sir.” Sutherland pressed a button.
“This is General Richards on the USS Washington.” Richards looked around the bridge. “We are under siege by those who want us enslaved. We are about to make a run for it. Prepare for departure and be ready for attempts to hold us here. This will take quick thinking and the willingness to fight. Prepare to use our weapons to break free. Keep shields up. Lay in a course for Romasu. It’s the planet that should support us and become our new home. All ships report in when ready to depart.”
“Ships are reporting in as ready for departure, sir.” Sutherland looked over her console.
“Disembark the station!” The general ordered.
“Detach couplers and reverse engines ease us out.” Captain Russell stood behind the helmsman.
The screens showed the ships began to move back away from the station. Soon they were away from the arms of the station.
“We are clear of the station, sir.” The helmsman glanced up at the captain.
“Bring us about.” Captain Russell studied the monitors.
“Aye, sir, coming about.” The helmsman pressed some buttons.
“Lay in the heading for Romasu.” The captain looked over the planetary map on the main screen.
“Locked in, sir.” The helmsman pressed another button.
“Station tower ordering us to stand down, sir.” Sutherland read her console.
“Disregard.” Richards looked up at her from his view of the screens.
“All ships report locked in, sir.” Sutherland looked at him.
“Let’s go, speed 5!” Richards turned to Russell.
Sutherland and Russell passed on the message. The ships went at speed 5. However, before the Humana could get very far, the craft suddenly came to a complete stop. It threw people off their feet.  
Richards made it to his feet. “What happened?” The battle stations alarms sounded.
“We are held by beams of light, sir.” Rocky scanned his console. “All ships are stopped.”
Richards went to him. “What weapons do we have to turn off their beams?”
“We have the microwave beam to turn up the heat. If that doesn’t work, we can use a plasma bomb.” Rocky brought up his weapons on his console.
“Try the microwave beam first.” Richards looked from the console to the main screen, which showed the tower and their beams of light.
“Yes, sir!” Rocky pressed the button for the microwave beam. “It has no effect, sir.”
“Wait!” Russell stepped toward them. “The beams are weakening.”
The beams disengaged as the ships moved again. Rocky turned off the microwave beam. The rays came back and stopped them one more time.
“Use a plasma bomb. Take out the tower.” Richards stepped toward the main screen.
“Yes, sir!” Rocky sent out a plasma bomb and the tower exploded.
The beams disengaged again which allowed the ships to continue.
“Get all ships to maximum speed before they come online again.” Richards glanced at Sutherland.
“Yes, sir!” She passed on the message.
The ships were soon on their way to Romasu with the Bukka ships were right behind them. Dradik appeared on the bridge. Richards turned to him.
“I was wondering if you would come with us.” He stepped toward him.
Suddenly, the USS Washington shook as battle stations came online.
“We are being fired on by many ships off our port, sir.” Rocky brought the scene up on the main screen.
“It’s the Bohinan, sir.” Sutherland relayed the message. “They demand we surrender or be destroyed.
“Can you tell, if Mootoomoo’s ship is one of them?” Richards went to Rocky.
“No, sir.” Rocky checked all his instruments.
“I can assist you, General.” Dradik stepped next to the general. “Apparently, his ship is experiencing some technical difficulties, My Friend.”
“I wonder what they are.” Richards looked back at Sutherland. “Have all ships fire plasma bombs at their fuel rocks and disable them.”
“Yes, sir!” She passed on the message.
“Sir, the whole Bohinan fleet are experiencing technical difficulties, sir!” Rocky looked up from his console with a gigantic grin.
“I wonder if the problems are contagious?” Richards turned to Sutherland again. “Tell all ships to move at top speed.”
“Yes, sir!” The com sergeant relayed the message.
“I don’t want whatever is happening to them to happen to us, now would we?” Richards grinned at his security sergeant.
“Oh, no, sir!” Rocky grinned back. “We wouldn’t want that, sir.”
The ships went along without incident for some time, but someone started to shoot at them. The battle stations alarm rang out again and all went into action.
Richards stood from his command chair. “Who is it now?”
“The Bohinan again, sir.” Sutherland pressed several buttons. “They seem to have fixed their technical difficulties, sir.”
“We’ll just have to give them more difficulties.” Richards went to Rocky. “Do your thing, Gunney!”
“Yes, sir!” Rocky began to press buttons.
“Stop and prepare to be boarded!” Mootoomoo’s voice came over the speakers in English.
“Ignore the bull!” The general leaned toward Rocky. “Give me a visual.”
Rocky pressed some buttons. “On the main screen, sir.”
Richards turned to the main screen and saw Mootoomoo’s mug as he blasted out his orders to the humans.
“We claim ownership of all Humana ships and their animals! Stop and prepare to be boarded!” Mootoomoo motioned for his bulls to go to the humans. The beasts complied as they left the bridge. A skeleton crew remained with him.
“What? You’re not coming to see me?” The general taunted the bull who snorted and left the bridge. “Keep all ships in motion with shields up!”
Mootoomoo's form tried to materialize aboard the USS Washington's bridge. It faintly appeared and vanished several times. Then it was gone. The images of his Soldiers also came and went.
Rocky looked up quickly. “Sir! We have more Bohinan approaching on the port bow, sir!” He looked again. “We have Bohinan approaching on the starboard bow, sir!”
“Evasive maneuvers, Bravo 3-0!” The general went to his command chair and entered his code. He watched as the ships dispersed in all directions. As the Bohinan opened fire on them, Richards looked over at Rocky. “Blow as many ships as you can!”
“Yes, sir!” Rocky started to press buttons.
Richards looked at his screens as Bohinan ships began to explode in waves as Rocky and the other ships continued to target the enemy. The wreckage scattered through space.
Mootoomoo and his pursuing ships caught up with the humans. They fired at the earth ships with beams of light. “Surrender or be destroyed!”
“Sir!” Rocky looked at him. “All our shields are down. We have to stop and fight back, sir.”
Richards turned to the screen. “All stop!”
Russell and Sutherland relayed the message.
“General, they can destroy you.” Dradik walked up to him. “Don’t worry, the Bukka have a few tricks up our sleeves, as you would put it.”
“Good, we may need your help.” Richards looked at Rocky and Russell. “Send ALFs to their ships, Gunney!”
Rocky relayed the message to the other ships’ armory sergeants. The lead alien ship approached the USS Washington.
Mootoomoo appeared with his bulls on the bridge of the USS Washington. “Well, General Richards, we meet again!” He chuckled. “I will enjoy watching you carry the Gyogite out of Bohina. You will make me a rich and powerful bull. Perhaps the most famous of all bulls.”
“I wouldn’t be too sure about that.” The general watched as Mootoomoo and his bulls closed in on the crew and him. “We are not yet done.”
“Oh, yes you are!” The bull stepped in close to Richards and went muzzle to nose with him. “You will come with me! I have plans for you.”
“I’m sure you do.” Richards glared back at the bull. “But I have plans for you. Let’s see whose plan wins out, shall we?”
“You are awful cocky, Animal! You are about to be enslaved and you come up with this!” Mootoomoo took a step back and Richards along with many others from the USS Washington vanished with Mootoomoo who left the other bulls to control the bridge crew.
Rocky and Sutherland began to press buttons as they kept an eye on the intruders. Soon, Mitchell arrived on the bridge with their armed guards. A firefight broke out between the two forces with the ship’s crew caught in the middle. The bulls did not bother to hide, but the humans hide behind chairs and consoles as they maneuvered toward the Bohinan.
“You have grown old and fat, Bulls!” Mitchell taunted them as his voice came over the speakers. “You don’t even remember how to fight!” Mitchell came around behind the bulls. “Hey, Moo Cow!”
The bulls looked around as they started to kick back as if to prepare to charge. When they looked away, Mitchell and his men stood up and shot the bulls in the back. They disintegrated as they mooed their death cry.
Mitchell walked to the command chair. “Washington! This is Captain Mitchell. I am assuming command of the ship in the absence of General Richards. We don’t know how many ships the Bohinan hold, but we must go ship to ship freeing those held captive. Keep the children and elderly in the safe zone until further notice. Mitchell, out!”
Rocky glanced at him. “Sir, we have ALFs onboard the ships. We can monitor the situation on each one and take the necessary actions to free our people, sir.”
“Good, let’s see what’s happening with the general.” Mitchell kept an eye on the main screen.
In the Meantime, the bulls took Richards and his men to a cell in the cargo area. Human Soldiers came up to the beasts and shot them with their rifles. The bulls disintegrated.
“Inform the USS Washington what’s going on here,” Richards told the troops as he and the others picked up the weapons.
“They’re watching as we speak, sir.” One shouldered his weapon. “This way, sir, to the bridge.”
“Lead on, Sergeant!” Richards waved the troops to proceed.
They led them down several winding corridors to the engine room. They entered and the ALFs removed the rocks from their engine compartments. Then they shot the stones, so they disappeared and did the same to the storage bins full of their boulders. When all the rocks were gone, they left the room and headed further down the corridor. They eventually came to the bridge.
Two huge bulls with weapons ready to use guarded the door. The ALFs vanished and reappeared at the other end of the corridor. They distracted the animals and the general shot them. With them gone, two of the ALFs took on their personas and stood guard as the real humans entered the bridge.
Inside, the humans hid behind consoles and computer banks that lined the walls. One of the human crew members captured Richards’s attention. He used Sign Language to communicate with the general. “General, what are we going to do? We are just bodybuilders, not enhanced troops. We are not able to do the things you are.”
“I know.” He signed back. “We will make do with what we have. Just keep out of reach of the bad boys.”
The others began to sign to Richards with their concerns about what to do. The general obtained the attention of all of them and explained the situation and what he planned to do. He told each what they will do and to be ready to think fast on their feet. The crew agreed and turned their attention back to the bulls.
The bulls were busy at their stations, while Mootoomoo barked orders to his animals from his couch. The main screen showed the bridge of the USS Washington with Mitchell before it.
“Who gave you permission to contact me, Animal?” Mootoomoo bellowed out his question in English. “I gave no permission to the Humana.”
“I don’t need your permission.” Mitchell glared sternly into the screen. “I demand you release our people.”
Mootoomoo mooed loudly as did all those behind him. While the captain tried a diplomatic option, Richards removed the back of the console he hid behind quietly. He pulled out circuits and switched them around. A middle-aged man across the aisle did the same with his console. Then they replaced their panels and the groups went around behind the structures.
Alarms started to sound and bulls came to the consoles and began to work on them. Frustrated, they went around the back of the consoles. They pulled off the rear panels and studied the circuits but had trouble with the configurations the humans changed.
Mootoomoo came to see the problem. He pulled one out of the way and reconfigured the circuits. Then he went to the other bull and pushed him out of the way to get to the console. When he finished, the alarms did not stop. Smoke started to come out of the backs of the consoles.
The bulls rushed to the consoles with odd fire extinguishers. They opened the backs of the consoles and sprayed the retardant. Eventually, the smoke subsided. However, this damaged the consoles beyond repair. The bulls gave the sad report.
As Richards and his crew met by another door, it opened and several more bulls entered the bridge. Before it closed, the humans snuck out the door.
Mitchell smiled as he watched this whole ordeal the bulls faced and he saw the general and troops sneak out of the room. He quickly lost the smile, when Mootoomoo came back to the screen.
“You must think this is a joke or something, Animal!” Mootoomoo shouted. “You will pay for this!”
“How do you know we had anything to do with this?” Mitchell fought to keep a straight face. “We used to call them ‘Gremlins,’ those little creatures that snuck around causing mischief when you’re not looking. They are a nasty bunch. Do you have them?”
“No!” The bull bellowed at the captain. “We don’t have or believe in such little creatures! It must be you doing something!”
“No!” Mitchell shouted back. “We can’t do that and wouldn’t! You have our people, after all!”
“Moo!” Mootoomoo bellowed. He turned to his bulls. “Check out the circuits good! Make sure everything is in its place!”
The bulls rushed to obey. They checked the consoles. They went from circuit to circuit and rearranged them back to the proper place. Then they turned the consoles on again. They worked normally.
One bull stood and faced Mootoomoo. “Someone had rearranged the circuits and blew the system. We fixed it, Mootoomoo.”
“Moo, Gremlins! And I am Humana!” He shouted to his bulls. “Find the Humana!”
The bulls scattered as many left the bridge while only a few remained at the stations. Mootoomoo shook his head.
Meanwhile, the humans followed a corridor as they avoided the Bohinan.
An ALF sergeant appeared to them. “Follow me, sir!” He turned and led them to a room with a large platform and a console. More ALFs were at the controls. “We can get you back to your ship, sir. It works much like the transporters in Science Fiction stories.”
“Poppers, sir!” Hunter came to the front of the group. “Instead of the transporter beams, they just pop you in and out of places, sir. So, they are ‘Poppers.’”
“Let’s see you work it!” Richards walked to the console.
One of the ALFs placed a heavy container on the pad and stepped away. Another one worked the controls. They watched a monitor that showed the tub appeared on the bridge of the USS Washington.
“Good, now let’s get off this crate!” Richards and his crew stepped on the pad and faced the console. “Do it!”
“Yes, sir!”
Just as they popped out, the bulls flooded the room. The ALFs destroyed the console and the pad. Then they fought with the beasts. The animals couldn’t keep up with the fast movements of the ALFs.
Richards and his crew were back on the USS Washington and took their positions. Richards relieved Mitchell and stood before Mootoomoo’s image on the screen.
“How did you get there?” Mootoomoo bellowed at the screen.
“Oh, you have a way.” Richards smiled at him. “But, don’t worry! We left you a nice parting gift!”
“What did you do?” Mootoomoo leaned toward the screen as he shouted.
“If I told you, it wouldn’t be a surprise!” Richards started to turn toward his command chair.
Mootoomoo looked around his bridge as the sounds of explosions started to rattle him and his crew.
“I hate surprises!” Mootoomoo shouted as the image went to a space view of the ship as it started to break apart and explode.
Escape pods flew away from the craft in all directions. One went toward a distant star.
Mootoomoo was busy with the controls as he muttered, mooed, and snorted. “I’ll get you yet, Humana! You will serve Bohina and all your people for generations to come!”
The other Bohinan ships exploded as well and their escape pods ejected.

Contents



CHAPTER 46 Homeward Bound

Richards turned to Samson. “Have all ships lock-in for Romasu and engage on my mark.”
“Yes, sir!” He worked his console to send out the messages.
“Mark!” Richards left the bridge and some of the crew followed him.
“Sir! Can we talk to you?” Hunter came to the front of the group.
“In my office.” Richards glanced back at the men as he walked down the corridor. “I think we can all fit in my office.”
Richards entered first and went to his desk. The crew filed in as they crowded around his office. The door closed after the last of them joined the group.
The general looked them over. “What is this about?”
“Sir, we are all in great shape and are very smart, yet we were all passed over for the enhancement program. Why, sir? We are already serving in the military.” Hunter stood in front of the desk.
Richards thought for a moment. “I agree, but each of you, though you are all bodybuilders, that is not enough. And the fact that you are all in the military is not enough either. Each and every one of you is on probation for crimes and assault and even murder. Each of you is in the military as part of your probations. You are not in the military for free will reasons. Some of you committed these acts in childhood and as you grew up, you showed no change.”
“But, sir, we have changed.” The oldest of the group stood next to the desk.
“Carter, you are the least likely to become enhanced.” Richards gazed at him. “You murdered five people in a rage! How can I consider you for enhancement when that rage would be enhanced as well?”
“Sir, I’ve changed!” Carter pleaded with his hands. “I’ve served my time, sir. I have only two more years of probation, sir.”
“But your rage will haunt you forever.” Richards looked at the others. “Remember, I told you if there is anything in your past it can prevent you from being enhanced. Even your childhood determines what path you can follow as an adult. You chose your path a long time ago. Now, you must follow that path. There is no other way to change your path.”
The only civilian in the group made his way through the crowd to the front. “Sir, I am not military, but I want to be.” He spoke with a strong Australian accent. “I am not a criminal or a murderer, sir. Why can’t I even join the military even as a normal Marine? Why?” He pleaded his case.
“Look in the mirror! No one with visible tattoos can enter the military. You have a huge tattoo on your face. You would be violating the UCMJ for disfiguring government property. In the military, you are not your own person. You are the property of the government so you must follow its laws, regulations, and rules set down by your superiors. You would start out in an offense. I cannot allow you in the military. But I can still use you for some tasks, if you are interested.”
“I am, sir.” The man replied.
Richards took a pad and began to enter data. He stopped and looked at the man. “What is your name?”
“Scott, sir.” He stood tall despite his short stature. “William Scott, sir.”
Richards entered data into his pad. He looked up at Scott. “I will use you, but no more tatts!”
“Yes, sir!” Scott stood at attention. “No more tatts!”
“Alright then! Dismissed!” Richards watched as the men came to attention and saluted him. He returned the salute and the men filed out of his office.
He leaned back and looked up at the ceiling. He sighed heavily.
“You were pretty rough on them, don’t you think?” A strange voice sounded from all around the room.
Richards looked around as he tried to find the source of the sound. “Who are you? Where are you?”
“I am Dusya here among these people.” The voice replied boldly. “Don’t you believe in second chances?”
“They chose their paths in life. They have to stay on them.” Richards went to his pads and started to go through them.
“You know, you need a second chance yourself.” The voice came back. “You killed many people and their blood is on your hands. Are you any better than they?”
“I was in a war. I was ordered to kill or be killed.” Richards put down a pad. “It’s not the same thing.”
“I’m not talking about your wartime.” Dusya’s voice replied. “You killed five men in a rage at the Officers’ Club in Washington. You thought no one knew. But all will come clear as day. Didn’t you choose your path?”
“How do you know that?” Richards looked around shocked.
Dusya knows all, even the hidden secrets of your finite mind.” Dusya’s voice echoed in the room. “You have no secrets from me.”
“Who are you?” Richards leaned forward as he looked for some gadget that may project a voice into his office.
“I am the creator of the universe. I knew your every thought and deed long before the universe came to be. I know you will get a second chance, but it is not yet your time.”
His door chimed.
“Enter!” He called out to the person.
The door opened and Dr. Collins came in all excited as she brought in a test tube. “I finally found it, sir!”
“Found what?” He leaned back.
She sat the tube on the desk. “The cure for this subatomic substance that has been plaguing our people!”
“Oh.” He sighed as the door chimed again.
Before he could reply, Dr. Kirkland entered with his issues. Then another came followed by several more.
Richards put his hands on the desk as the people tried to talk over each other. He sighed. “This ship must be getting back to normal.” He put his head on the desk as the people closed in around him.
“Your second chance is coming, Mike. Let go and follow the signs before you.” Dusya’s voice echoed again.

Contents

About the Author

DON R. BUDD

While in Sacramento, Don R. Budd was diagnosed with a brain injury which made it difficult to form words from the sounds he heard. The condition is now called “Auditory Processing Disorder” (APD). This was not a significant problem until something went. Mr. Budd eventually needed to use Sign Language Interpreters.
Mr. Budd continued to assist the Deaf while he worked at various jobs including Paralegal work and the editing of a legal magazine, called “The Gavel.”
Ten years later, Mr. Budd moved to Apache Junction, Arizona where his parents wintered. The State had Mr. Budd retested for his form of deafness. The doctor upheld the previous doctor’s diagnosis. Then the State of Arizona declared Mr. Budd as Deaf even though he could still hear sounds.
An opportunity presented itself in Reno, Nevada. Mr. Budd moved to Reno and started work. The State of Nevada also classified Mr. Budd as Deaf. He eventually worked for an Americans with Disabilities attorney. He did this as a part-time job until he was accepted to work with the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Benefits Office. During this time Mr. Budd was injured on the job. The injury continued to disable Mr. Budd. Because of the damage to the right arm and shoulder and all of his other disabilities, Mr. Budd was unable to work. He moved to Michigan to be with family.
Technology was a growing interest in Mr. Budd. While on Workers’ Comp for his job-related injury, he started studying Computer Science at the University of Nevada – Reno. However, before he could register as a formal student, Workers’ Comp denied his training. Mr. Budd continued to study AI and other areas on his own.
Christ continued to provide for Mr. Budd, who continued to seek some way of supporting himself. Writing had been Mr. Budd’s outlet for many years. He took several correspondence courses for writing and studied many books on writing. After several urgings of friends, Mr. Budd began to publish his work. The Operation Phoenix series is an outgrowth of his interest in writing and technology.

Contents



Connecting with DON R. BUDD
mailto:DonRBudd@gmail.com
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/DonR.Budd/
Twitter: https://www.twitter.com/@donrbudd/

Contents



Other Novels by DON R. BUDD



https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/716602



https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/635315

Contents



Coming Soon
OPERATION PHOENIX
BOOK 2
BOHINA

CHAPTER 1 Tyesye

The humans had docked at station Tyesye to install new equipment when General Richards inspected the progress. The workers replaced some of the glass tubes the humans had slept in with a large lighted pad. Spotlights of a light blue color were above it.
Richards stopped a Gorenan engineer next to the control console, a short distance from the pad. “What is this technology called again?”
The engineer smiled with pride. “It’s the byomyu. It’s the latest thing for transporting objects and people from place to place.”
“We had similar technology on Romasu in our science fiction stories. We called it a ‘Transporter.’” The general walked to the console and looked it over.
“But, byomyu is much easier to say and remember.” The engineer watched Richards.
“That’s if you’re used to Lorana.” Richards glanced at him and then back at the console. “I’m glad you have these controls in English.”
“Wimi, it took some doing, but it was doable.” He folded both sets of hands as he rocked back and forth on his heels. “The other ships had some bizarre letters. We had trouble using their languages. The Yaponeeeeeze have almost as many syllables as Lorana.”
“Japanese.”
“What?”
“It’s Ja-pa-ne-se not ‘Yaponeeeeeze.’”
“And you think our words are hard to pronounce.” As he grinned, he showed some lost teeth.
“When will the training be completed?” Richards dusted off a spot on the console.
“It will be complete by noon tomorrow.” The man put his hands behind his back as he continued to rock.
Later that day, Richards and the boys sat in a restaurant. Jacob played with a plant on the table next to him until it tried to bite him. The boy snatched his hand back. The plants around it quickly slapped the little plant. The general stopped a server. “Can you find out how long it will be before we get our meals, please? It has been over an hour.” The plants picked up their pots and walked off the table. Jacob dropped his jaw and his eyes became big as he mouthed “Wow!” He wrapped his hand around his Dad’s arm from underneath and tugged.
The server looked nervous. “I’m sorry, sir. But, we can’t serve you here.”
“Why not?” Richards became cross. Jacob tugged again.
“We don’t want any trouble. Please, leave before the Bohinan see you here.” The man looked around nervously.
“Come on, Boys.” Richards started to leave. “Let’s take our business elsewhere.”
“But, Daddy, the plants move like people!” Jacob tugged on his father’s arm again as the general dragged him off the bench with his arm. Jonathan shook his head as he followed.
As they walked through the noisy market place, they came upon a Japanese couple.
“People won’t let us eat at their restaurants.” The young couple held each other as the man explained. “They say they don’t want trouble. But, they don’t say why.”
 “We had the same problem.” Richards reached down to place a hand on Jacob’s shoulder as the boy clung to his father’s back pockets. “Go to your ship and eat there. The Bohinan must be here. It will be safer aboard ship.”
“Arigatoo gozaimasu.” He led his girlfriend away.
“You’re welcome.” The general continued with Jacob in tow. Jonathan followed as he watched his brother act like a little boy.
Soon, they met a group of Finns and Swedes as they spoke Swedish. They stopped and looked at Richards as he walked up to them. One gentleman spoke English. “We’re having problems finding a place to eat. The people fear us.”
“It’s not you these people are afraid of. It’s the Bohinan.” Richards put his hands on his hips as Jacob hid behind him with his hands in his father’s back pockets. “Go back to your ships where you’ll be safe.”
They walked off and the general turned to Jacob.
He squatted down to Jacob’s level. “Why are you always hiding from people?”
“Day scare me. I don’t know why.” Jacob looked down.
“You’re not afraid of the troops like others.” Richards smiled at him as his son ducked in and wrapped his arms around his arm.
Richards stood and led his boys on down a corridor as they came upon a group of troops. They told of more stories of Bohinan threats and lack of service.
“Carter, take the boys back and get them something to eat. Then stay with them.” Richards ordered the Marine. “Samson, Rocky, and Hunter you’re with me. The rest of you fan out in groups of four and tell our people to return to their ships. Let them know the Bohinan are here.”
“Yes, sir!” They went their separate ways.
Richards led his men to the slave market. They started to receive reports of humans taken by the Bohinan. Richards and the troops investigated the reports and had all humans return to their ships. With the people onboard and accounted for, Richards and his men could tell how many were still gone. The process took time but was much quicker than any other method.
The slave market had some 2,000-people crowded into a small area. Richards and the troops made their way slowly through the crowd to the front. The noise drowned out the auctioneer’s speakers. Richards’s radio vibrated.
He took his radio from his side. “Richards, over!” His voice barely sounded over the noise of the crowd and the auctioneer.
“Captain Russell here, sir,” Russell’s voice came over the radio as the general put an earpiece in his ear. “We have nine still missing from the USS Washington, three from the Merivoimat, two from the South African, one from the Hawthorne, six from the Suomen Joutsen, 10 from the Japanese ships, 14 from the German ships, and five from the Italian ships. All other ships reported all people present and accounted for, sir, over.”
“All right, we’ll be on the lookout for them, over.” Richards looked at his men. “Anything else, over?”
“Nothing, over.” Russell’s voice came back.
“Very well Richards, out.” The general put his radio back. Then he scanned the crowd around him for the rest of the troops. He found a Soldier and went to him.
“There are 50 missing, pass it on!” Richards tried to speak above the crowd and loud music.
“Yes, sir!” The Soldier moved over to a Marine.
Richards walked past the stage and caught a glimpse of a human woman backstage. He made his way to a side door and looked around for a guard. When he saw none, he slipped into the corridor. His men followed him. The general walked until he found the backstage door which was open a crack. Richards quietly pushed the door open until he could see the woman. He stepped in and took out his phaser. The general shot the guard in the back and caught him as he fell. Before she made a sound, Richards motioned the woman to keep silent. He laid the guard quietly on the floor and scanned the area. The general walked to the woman and broke the chains. Then, he escorted her out of the vicinity. When they reached the corridor, he removed the cuffs from her wrists.
“Come with me.” Richards led her toward the front. “Did you see any more humans?”
“No, I thought I was done for.” The woman quivered as she followed Richards to the backdoor.
His men found three children.
“Take them back to their ships.” Richards left the people with them. “I’ll keep looking around.”
“I’ll stay with you, sir.” Corey Hunter turned to him.
“Alright.” The general led him back down the corridor to another door. The Marine found the door partway open so, he peered inside through the opening. He could see five Bohinan and six humans. He rushed back to the crowd and took out his radio. “Mitchell this is Richards, over!” He strained to get his voice over the noise.
“Mitchell here, over!” Mitchell’s voice came back.
“I found six more people at the slave market, but they are surrounded by five Bohinan. I need backup right away, over.” Richards held the radio near his mouth. He listened carefully to his earpiece.
“Understood, sending more troops your way, over.” Mitchell’s voice came back.
The general put it back to his mouth. “Good, Richards out!”
Richards put his radio away and waited for backup as he paced while Hunter looked on. He did not have long to wait. Several Marines and Soldiers rushed to the front of the crowd. Richards signaled the men and women to come toward him. When they arrived, the group entered the corridor quietly. The troops made their way to the door. Richards checked to see the situation inside the room. He motioned the Soldiers to follow him. The general burst in the room and started to shoot the Bohinan. The other troops did the same. The humans caught the Bohinan off guard, but they fired back. The others in the room began to scream. Soon, the troops subdued the Bohinan.
“Get these people back to their ships!” Richards passed the people back to the Marines.
The Marines took the people. Samson and Rocky stayed with Richards and Hunter. As they reached the crowd, more Bohinan came after them. The troops prepared for a confrontation. A Bohinan shot Richards with a dart. He staggered and then went down. The other three humans tried to defend him, but the Bohinan shot them with darts, too. One of the Marines with the people saw them drag Richards and the others away.
“Smith to Washington, over!” The female Marine spoke as fast and loud as she could.
“Washington here, over!” Mitchell’s voice came back.
“Bohinan have taken General Richards, Samson, Rocky, and Hunter!” Smith talked into the radio as fast as she could and then put it to her ear.
“Backup is on its way, over!” Mitchell’s voice came back.
“Understood, Smith out!” Smith put her radio away. She paced as she awaited backup.
When more Marines and Soldiers showed up, they headed down the corridor and checked all doors and rooms. However, they could not find Richards or the others.
Smith took out her radio again. “Smith to Washington, over!”
“Washington here, over!” Mitchell’s voice came back when she put her radio to her ear.
She spoke into the radio. “We lost the general, sir, over!” Then she put it to her ear.
“Return to the ship, over!” Mitchell’s voice came back.
“Understood, sir. Smith out!” She put the radio away. They headed back to the ship.
On the bridge of the Washington, Mitchell and Russell stood near the screens as they monitored the people’s return.
“What are they planning to do?” Russell stood in front of Mitchell.
“Dradik once said that this problem between the Bohinan and us would go to Bohina itself.” He stood with his arms crossed deep in thought. “I think they will take him to Bohina knowing we would follow.’
“But, what good would that do?” Russell became concerned. “How could we stand against an entire planet?”
“We can’t know that until we get there.” Mitchell rubbed his lips between the fingers of one hand as he kept his other arm across his chest. He suddenly let his arms down and walked to the helmsman. “What’s the ETA to Bohina from here?”
The helmsman looked it up on his star chart. “It will take approximately two years at full speed ahead, sir. But we will need to stop at another station to pick up supplies.”
“We won’t be fully trained on the recent technology until the morning.” Russell stepped over to Mitchell.
“Right.” Mitchell was again deep in thought. “I suppose they won’t leave without us. So, we will wait until after the training sessions tomorrow. Make sure we have plenty of supplies. This is going to be one long trip.”
“Aye, sir!” Russell returned to his seat and started to prepare.
“Make sure everyone is onboard ship before noon. We have to be ready to leave on a moment’s notice.” Mitchell turned back to Russell.
“Aye, sir!” Russell did not look up. He continued to enter data into his computer console.
The next day at 12 o’clock sharp earth time, the Bohinan ships started to leave the space station. They waited for the human ships.
“They knew when we planned to leave.” Mitchell stood and walked to the main screen that had the Bohinan fleet a short distance from the station. Slowly the human ships started to follow them. They laid in a course for Bohina and moved out to where the Bohinan waited. The Bohinan headed out at a slow speed. But Mitchell had other plans. The humans left at full speed as they left the Bohinan in their stardust.

Contents



CHAPTER 2 In Pursuit

On the bridge, the crew monitored the Bohinan ships as they followed the humans. Mitchell entered and a naval captain stood from the command chair.
Mitchell walked up to him. “Captain Meyer, what do you have on the Bohinan?”
“Not much, sir.” Meyer showed him the image on the aft view screen. “They have stayed far back. They don’t seem to want to hurry to get to Bohina. You would think they would be out in front of us. What is their game plan, sir?”
“Put the pursuit on the main screen.” Mitchell stepped toward the main screen.
Meyer followed him. “We have them outgunned. We could just take the general and the others back.”
“No, we couldn’t.” Mitchell studied the screen. “They have them on one or more of the ships and we don’t know which one or ones. They could easily kill them before we could reach them. They want to wear down our resources, so we can’t put up a fight later. We need to conserve our resources.” He turned to the com station. “Have all ships slow to speed 15.”
“That will make the trip much longer.” Meyer looked at him.
“Yes, but not that much.” Mitchell turned back to him.
“Aye, sir! Helmsman, speed 15.” Meyer glanced to the helmsman.
“Aye, sir!” The helmsman slowed the ship.
“Sir!” The armory sergeant looked up from his console. “We lost the stars!”
All the screens went blank.
“All stop!” Mitchell went to the armory.
“All ships near us report stopped, sir.” The com sergeant reported.
“What happened?” Mitchell looked at the Armory console. “Where are the other ships?”
“Unknown, sir. We seemed to have entered a part of space where there are no stars.” The armory officer showed the last few seconds on his console’s screen.
“What does radar show?” Mitchell looked at the radar screen.
“It shows nothing out there, sir.” The armory sergeant double checked his radar readings. “I can’t even see the other ships, sir.”
“Have all ships report in.” Mitchell looked over at the com sergeant.
“This is the USS Washington, all ships report!” The com sergeant relayed the message.
“This is Capt … Tanaka of … Yama … You’re breaking … Repeat.” Came the voice of one of the captains.
“This is the USS George Washington, all ships report!” The com sergeant repeated her message. She repeated a second time after a long silence.
“This is Captain Tanaka of the Yamada. You’re coming in clear now.” Tanaka’s voice came clear over the intercom. “We are all stopped. We cannot see anyone even on the radar.”
“This is Captain Mitchell, Captain Tanaka, have you heard from any of the other ships?” Mitchell stepped closer to the com station.
“Aye, we have heard from the HMAS Australia and the FNS Suomen Joutsen, but no one else.” Tanaka’s voice came back.
“Have they heard from anyone else?” Mitchell stopped midway to the com station.
“Stand by.” Tanaka’s voice came. After a long silence, Tanaka’s voice came back again. “Aye, they both have heard from others and the others heard from others. All ships are accounted for.”
“Good, notify all ships to reverse engines at top speed and stay in your formation.” Mitchell waited for Tanaka to relay his message. “Reverse engines full-speed.”
“Aye, sir.” Meyer turned to the helmsman. “Engines full speed reverse.”
“Aye, sir, full speed reverse.” The helmsman laid in the course and speed and then engaged.
The ship reversed course, but after a long time still did not exit their section of space.
“We should be out by now.” Mitchell looked at the screens. “Are we moving?”
“Aye, sir.” Meyer looked at him from beside the helmsman’s station.
“I see the other ships!” The armory sergeant looked up.
“Good, we’re getting out of it.” Mitchell looked at the stern screen. It showed them as they exited the section of space. “Get a safe distance and then go around it on the starboard bow.”
“Aye, sir.” Meyer passed on the message to the helmsman.
Then the com sergeant also passed on the message.
Once on their way again, Mitchell met with some scientists in a large conference room. “What was all that?”
“It was what we call ‘Dark Matter’ or matter that is a non-luminous gas. We don’t know what exactly dark matter is. But we believe it to be ordinary and heavy neutrinos, WIMPs, celestial bodies called MACHOs and clouds of non-luminous gases.”
“What are WIMPs?” Mitchell looked at the scientist across from him.
“WIMP means Weakly Interacting Massive Particles. They are slow moving particles and have a large mass. They have little interaction with normal matter causing them to be dark and invisible by electromagnetic observation.” The scientist explained. “MACHO stands for Massive Compact Halo Object which is any kind of astronomical body which explains the presence of Dark Matter. MACHO consists of small chunks of normal baryonic matter that emits little or no radiation. It drifts through interstellar space between solar systems. Until now, we have only theorized about the presence of Dark Matter.”
“Then, this could be a massive field.” Mitchell glanced at the other scientists in the conference room.
“That is correct.” The scientist kept his eyes on Mitchell. “It’s one that should have been on the star charts.”
“It apparently moved into our path as we traveled to Bohina.” Mitchell put his hands on the table as if to push himself up. “Let’s go around it as far as we can.”
“Yes, sir!” The scientists replied as they stood.
Captain Mitchell led them out of the room.
Back on the bridge, Mitchell entered and went straight to the helmsman. He stood with the helmsman between him and Russell who took over for Meyer.
“All ships continue just outside of the cloud. We need to go around this thing as quickly as possible.” Mitchell glanced over at the com station.
The com sergeant, Sutherland, passed on the message.
Later, Mitchell led Jonathan and Jacob to the end of the chow line. When they reached the Mess Hall, the line was out the door and down the corridor. Jacob started to stare at the floor with an angry expression.
Mitchell looked at him. “What’s wrong, Jacob?”
“It’s like dis every meal. Can’t you do some ding?” Jacob looked up at him.
“There is only one mess hall for 600 plus people.” Mitchell smiled at him and tried to cheer him up. “There’s nothing I can do about it.”
“Can’t you pull rank?” He looked from Mitchell to the doorway.
“That wouldn’t do any good.” Mitchell looked at the line as it moved a few steps forward. “We can wait like everyone else.”
“But, I’m hungry.” Jacob started to rub his tummy.
“I know you’re hungry.” Mitchell looked down at him. “You should have eaten all your breakfast.”
Jacob put his hands in Mitchell’s back pockets, laid his head on the captain’s hips, and pouted. A scuffle broke out near the head of the line.
“Stay here!” Mitchell left the line and went to the scuffle. “What’s the problem here?” He laid a hand on the two men’s shoulders.
“He’s trying to cut in line!” A man let go of the other man’s shirt.
“I have to get back on duty!” The second man looked at Mitchell.
“If that’s true, why aren’t you using the mess reserved for those on duty?” Mitchell put his hands on his hips. “All you need is your duty pass.”
“I don’t have one.” The man looked away.
“Then, I guess you’ll have to go to the end of the line like everyone else.” Mitchell pointed to the end of the line.
The people clapped as the man walked to the end of the line. Mitchell went back to Jacob. The line moved slowly. A woman with three young children tried to cut in front. Mitchell went back up to her.
“Ma’am, you need to go to the end of the line like everyone else.” He pointed to the end of the line.
“But I have small children.” She guided her children along in line as she ignored Mitchell.
“So do others in line and they have younger children.” Mitchell pointed to the end of the line again.
The woman sighed heavily and complied. Mitchell leaned against the wall and folded his arms across his chest. Jacob started to walk toward him.
“Stay there, Jacob!” He watched Jacob turn around and go back to his place.
Another man came and tried to cut in line.
“Hey!” Mitchell glared at the man. “End of the line!” The man just looked at him. “End of the line, Buddy!” He gave a stern look. The man walked to the end of the line as he glanced back at Mitchell.
When Jacob reached the door, Mitchell got in line with him. As they entered the mess hall, the chain broke into 10 tracks, one for each food dispenser. Tables and chairs filled another part of the room. People stood around as they waited for seats to open. The noise of all the talk was loud. Jacob pressed against Mitchell.
“What’s the problem?” Mitchell looked down at him.
“Nodding.” Jacob watched the other people as he continued to press against Mitchell. They slowly moved in line.
When they reached the dispensers, Mitchell took two trays. He ordered their meals and each meal formed on the counter. The captain placed the meals on the salvers. Then, he ordered their drinks.
“Okay, Jacob, pick up your tray and let’s go.” Mitchell picked up his own tray.
“Will you carry it?” Jacob pouted.
“You’re a big boy now, you’re six, so, pick up the tray.” Mitchell looked at him sternly.
Jacob picked up the tray and carried it as he continued to pout.
“Stop your pouting!” Mitchell was stern.
They walked to the tables and found only two seats open. They put their trays on the table. Jonathan took one place next to Mitchell’s wife and son while Mitchell sat in the other chair and put Jacob on his right knee.
“Jacob, stop pouting.” Mitchell started to eat. “Eat your supper!”
Jacob squirmed. “You’re lumpy.”
Mitchell looked at him puzzled and shook his head. “Jacob, sit still!”
After they ate, they took their trays to the kitchen window before they left. Mitchell’s family followed them.
The next day, Mitchell arrived on the bridge. Russell met him as he stopped at the screens and studied them.
Russell walked to him. “The Bohinan are just ahead of us. They were waiting for our departure from the dark matter. They apparently knew about it and took steps to avoid it.”
“We shouldn’t have been caught by it.” Mitchell sounded like he was still upset over it.
“We are still learning about the warnings the star chart issues.” Russell was a bit defensive.
“We need to be ready for anything out here.” Mitchell calmed somewhat.
“I agree, sir.” Russell noticed some movement on the forward screen. “They are starting to move out. I guess they think we’ve noticed them.”
“Now, it’s them leading the way.” Mitchell watched the screen.


Thank you for reading this story. Please, post a review.

Contents
