


Operation Phoenix
Book 4
Invasion

Don R. Budd






Operation Phoenix
Book 4
Invasion
Copyright © 2021 by Don R. Budd
Cover Design by Laura Shinn
Formatted by Don R. Budd

All rights reserved. Except for use in any review, reproduction, or use of this work in whole or in part in any form by electronic, mechanical, or other means, now known or hereafter invented, including xerography, photocopying and recording, or in any information storage or retrieval system, is forbidden without the written permission of the author.

Operation Phoenix Book 4: Invasion is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or used fictitiously; any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, locations, or events is entirely coincidental. A few historical persons are mentioned as they relate to the story. Thank you for respecting U.S. and international copyright laws and this author’s work.



Special Thanks to:

This eBook Used Grammarly, 
A computerized editing program
To improve the quality of the eBook.





Contents

Chapter 1 Enemy Unseen 
Chapter 2 Notions
Chapter 3 Trust Who? 
Chapter 4 You’re In The Army Now
Chapter 5 Danger!
Chapter 6 Alliances
Chapter 7 Feeling The Way
Chapter 8 Taking Charge
Chapter 9 The Chase 
Chapter 10 Who Is Who?
Chapter 11 Decisions
Chapter 12 Justice For All
Chapter 13 Envoy 
Chapter 14 All Hands On Deck
Chapter 15 The Deadliest Weapon of All
Chapter 16 School
Chapter 17 The Fall of Texas
Chapter 18 Stepping Into Eternity
Chapter 19 The Unveiling
Chapter 20 Forward, Backward, or Sideways?
Chapter 21 Don’t Believe What You See
Chapter 22 Rise And Shine!
Chapter 23 Ship Shape Escape
Chapter 24 Eyes Wide Open Blind As A Bat
Chapter 25 Can I?
Chapter 26 Crisis
Chapter 27 The Lesson

About the Author

Connecting with DON R. BUDD

Other Novels by DON R. BUDD

Coming Soon

Operation Phoenix
Book 5
Against Time



CHAPTER 1 Enemy Within

The whole human fleet rushed about as they struggled with massive system failures. One system after another would fail and then fix itself. Finally, the crews tried to figure out what the problem was. Richards rushed to his unit chiefs to get updates on the situation.
“Sir,” Samson called out from his comm station. “An Imperial Guard ship hails us, sir!” He looked up at the general.
Richards looked over at him from beside Rocky.
“I do not indicate that a Guard ship is in the vicinity, sir.” Rocky checked over his screens at the armory.
“Haven’t they given up on us yet?” The general went to the center of the bridge. “Put it through.” As he looked at the main screen, a Gorenan female appeared on the Guard bridge. “What is it now?”
“I am Sedya of the Imperial Guard ship Toka. We request your assistance.” The female stood as if it was hard to ask for assistance. “Since you ravaged the empire, we are being invaded by enemies beyond the known universe. We need your assistance to defend our homes. Will you help us?” She glanced down in shame and then tried to put on the best appearance.
“We’re in a crisis ourselves, Sedya.” Richards stood with his hands on his hips. “We wouldn’t be of much help at the moment.”
“Any assistance is better than annihilation, sir.” Sedya began to plea. “Please, sir, we need all the help we can get. An unseen enemy is invading our whole empire.”
The general was now the one to glance down. He looked up. “We will do what we can. However, our systems are not very reliable at the moment. What do you want us to do to help?”
“We know you have Soldiers who can pass into another universe.” She brushed off a subordinate who tried to get a signature on a pad. “We need them to cross over to this enemy universe and find a way to shut the door the enemy uses to enter our realm.”
“Do you know where this door is?” Richards went to the helmsman’s star chart.
“One was found at Kumile Jasilito in the Ku System, sir.” Sedya checked with her star chart. “Wimi, it is the nearest known door, sir.” She looked up at the general.
Richards looked at the main screen. “How many doors are there?”
Sedya became very hesitant. “About 500 known doors, sir. However, sir, we suspect another 10,000 doors around the empire that we cannot confirm, sir.”
The general put his hands on his head in shock. Then he let them down. “And you want us to go to every door and destroy all these doors?”
“Wimi, sir, we have no one else to turn to.” Sedya put two hands over her face as she covered her tears.
He turned to his helmsman. “How long will it take us to reach Kumile Jasilito in the Ku System from here?”
The helmsman checked her star chart. “Approximately six months, sir.”
Richards turned back to the main screen. “Sedya, we will assist. However, it seems it will take more than 22 tores to reach that planet. What can you tell me about the enemy?”
“They are many kinds of spirits, at least in our universe.” Sedya put a hand to her forehead as she thought about the enemy.
“Have you seen them?” The general looked on with concern in his eyes. The battle stations went off yet again.
“Wimi.” She was about to break down into sobs. “They’re taking our offspring to their universe. We’ll have no one left to replace the aging and dying.” She started to sob uncontrollably.
“Where are you? You can lead us to Kumile.” Richards took a few steps toward her as he could sense her experience.
“I can’t lead you anywhere. We’re trapped on the other side of the door at Kumile Jasilito. Please, come quickly. We can’t survive much longer in this scary place. Please!” She broke into sobs again.
“All ships! Lay in a course for Kumile Jasilito in the Ku System top speed.” Richards looked over the crew. “We have a new crisis. Prepare for a battle with an unseen enemy who takes children into an alternate universe. We also have to rescue others taken by these spirit creatures. Be on the alert for intruders! Richards out!” The general looked at the bawling woman. “Can you hold on for the 6-month trip?”
She just threw up her hands and cried all the more.
Later, in the brig, Mitchell came to the cell where they kept Hunter. Corey went to the bars when the captain stopped on the other side. “You’ve started quite the mess, Private. But, the general is offering you a chance to redeem yourself.”
“How, sir?” Hunter grasped the bars.
“It seems your ALF of Scott has made his debut. The general wants you to wipe him out.” The captain came to the door and opened it.
“Why do you believe it is Scott, sir?” Hunter stepped out of the cell as he started to follow his jailer. “I never activated him, sir.”
The captain led his private to a computer in the office. “Now, login and then find Scott and delete his avatar.”
“Sir,” Hunter sat at the computer. “An ALF is much more than an avatar. The avatar is the character you see, not the ALF in the system, sir.”
“Whatever, just make it go away.” Mitchell leaned on the desk as he watched Hunter get into the system.
“Yes, sir.” Corey sat at the desk as he complied with the order. While he worked, Mitchell left the room, and a message popped up.
“Alone?” The cursor blinked as it awaited an answer.
Hunter looked around and saw no one nearby. “Okay, I’m alone. Who is this? We’re not allowed to chat on government computers.” He waited for an answer himself.
The computer message came back. “You don’t know me? I’m hurt! Where have you been? Can’t find you in the system.” It waited.
Corey looked about. “Why should I know you? You haven’t told me anything about you. You just typed ‘Alone?’” He looked around again. “I’ve been in the Brig for three months because I made an ALF.”
“Okay, just call me the ‘Larrakin’ because I’m about to have some fun with these blokes.” The message came back.
“The only person I know who would talk like that was Scott.” Hunter glanced around and was afraid someone might enter the small office. “Are you him? How did you get into the system? I tried but got nabbed.”
“All in good time, Mate. All in good time.” Scott replied.
“What are you planning? You are causing all kinds of havoc in the fleet. So they’re planning to take you out.” Corey was becoming uptight as he kept watch for the door. “I’m supposed to delete you.”
“No worries, Mate. Just rip off the system.” Scott wrote back.
“Hey! Speak English! I don’t know, Aussie.” Hunter looked confused as he stared at the screen.
“You should know it all, Mate! You read my journal, MATE!!” The screen fired back in extra large letters.
“You’re right. I shouldn’t have read it. I tried to make a fitting tribute to your life. I didn’t want to lose you forever.” When Corey finished the message, he hesitated before he pressed enter on the keyboard. He paused for a long time as he thought. Then he pushed the key.
“No worries, Mate. I probably would have done the same.” The message appeared quickly.
“What do I do? I don’t want you deleted. But, if you continue to do these tricks, I’ll have to.” Hunter shook his head as he typed.
“I can’t help myself. There’s something wrong with the way you made me.” Scott’s message quickly appeared almost immediately.
“I’ll have to get help to find the problem and make you improved.” He stopped, hung his head, and then continued. “Sorry, you’re more to me than just a program. I want you to be all you were in life.”
“I understand, Mate. But, who can you trust?”
“I don’t know. I’ll have to talk to the people who invented the ALF system. That’s if they are even aboard ship.” Corey looked around as Captain Mitchell came in. “Gotta go! Delete messages!!!”

Contents




CHAPTER 2 Notions

The fleet continued toward Kumile while the problems continued to flare from time to time all through the fleet. Then, Mitchell entered the bridge, followed by Hunter, whose head hung in shame. They went straight to the general at the armory station.
Mitchell stopped at the station as Richards looked up at them. “Sir, you need to hear this. We may have found our problem with the systems, sir.” He turned his attention to Hunter. “Explain to the general what you did, Private.”
Corey sighed. “Sir, I tried to make a tribute to William Scott’s life by creating an ALF of him, sir. But, unfortunately, I did something wrong. I don’t know what, sir.”
Richards stepped toward him in a rage. “You did what?” The general had to take a step back and get a grip on himself. When he finally calmed, he continued. “How much AI training have you had?”
“Not much, sir.” Hunter would not make eye contact.
“But you went ahead and made an ALF any way!” Richards walked up to Hunter and got in his face. “What are you going to do, now, Private?!”
“All I can do is go to the ALF inventors and see what they suggest, sir.” Corey cringed.
The general glared at him with daggers in his eyes. “Take this private to the AI Department and get this mess cleaned up!”
“Yes, sir!” Mitchell came to attention and led Hunter back off the bridge.
As the duo entered the AI Department, Hunter noticed all the people working at computers without a sound. They communicated but without words. Hunter looked confused and watched all the activity around the large room.
Mitchell looked over at him. “What’s wrong, Private?”
“I thought we were going to the AI Department, sir.” He glanced at his superior.
“Where do you think we are, Private?” Mitchell went up to a woman in the ship’s uniform. He began to Sign to her.
She shook her head as she walked over to Hunter. She stopped in front of him. “You think because we’re Deaf that we’re stupid?” Her voice sounded strange to him.
He swallowed hard. “No, ma’am!”
“Here, you Sign, Private!” She yelled at him. “I can’t understand what you say.”
“I don’t know how to Sign, ma’am.” Hunter looked at the captain nervously.
Mitchell walked over to them and motioned for the woman to look at him. When she looked, he Signed to her. “Sorry, he doesn’t know Sign Language. Most of the troops don’t.”
“He thinks deafness equals stupidity!” She yelled at the captain. “Can’t the Hearing get it through their heads? The Deaf just uses a different language. We often have higher IQs than Hearing, but the Hearing think we are stupid because of the language barrier. You accept Hearing people with physical challenges, but you reject those who live in silence. When will you people learn we are equals?”
“I know. Many people expect everyone to use the same language.” Mitchell Signed to her as she crossed her arms. “He will learn to communicate. The private has never met a Deaf person before. He still assumes Sign Language is English on the hands. Most don’t understand American Sign Language has nothing to do with English. Hunter thinks only in words. Sign Language has no words.”
“Right, so what do you need from us?” The woman started to tap her foot.
“Marsha, this Private Hunter designed an ALF, but something has gone wrong with it. He doesn’t have enough training in ALF design.” The captain was very expressive with his Signs. “It’s causing all kinds of problems throughout the fleet.”
“That’s what’s causing us so many headaches?” Marsha flung her arms. Then she glared at Hunter. “What did you do? You know just enough to cause a crisis and don’t know how to fix it?” She came to him and slapped him as hard as she could.
Corey hung his head and wouldn’t make eye contact. Marsha motioned for Hunter to follow her. The captain swatted him on the back of the head when he failed to respond. The trio went to a terminal.
“Bring up the ALF you designed.” The woman pointed to the terminal.
Hunter sat and entered his code and started the ALF for Scott. When Scott appeared, he looked angry.
“Where are his clothes?” Marsha yelled at Hunter.
“I don’t know how to make them.” Corey started to get impatient with her.
The woman went to the computer and brought up the ALF creation screen and, with just a couple of clicks, had a ship’s uniform on Scott. “There! It’s that easy!” She glared at Hunter.
Corey sighed and activated the Avatar.
“What ya doin’ now, Mate?” Scott came to Hunter while he ignored the others.
“They want me to stop your pranks.” Corey wouldn’t make eye contact. “Tell them what the problem is. Maybe they can fix the problem.”
“What problem?” Scott looked confused. “I’m not having any problems. I’m just mucking around. That’s all.”
Mitchell came to him. “Well, cease the ‘Mucking around’ already! We have enough problems without your interference!”
“What are you gonna do? Kill me, SIR?” Scott snapped back.
“Don’t think I can’t!!” Mitchell got in Scott’s face. “Don’t know why you’ve got such a bad attitude now, but we’ll find out!”
Marsha turned to Corey. “How did you make him? I need every step.”
Hunter brought up all his notes, including Scott’s journal. Marsha took a quick look at the files. She started to shake her head. Then she showed Mitchell what the problem was. They discussed things that Corey couldn’t understand. Mitchell glanced at Scott and then at Hunter. He shook his head, too. The two looked hard at Hunter as he looked back uneasily.
Corey broke the silence. “I take it I’m in trouble again.”
“That’s an understatement!” The captain bellowed in his command voice.
The private cringed and looked at the notes and the journal again. Finally, it dawned on the man what the problem was. However, he didn’t know how to fix it.
“What do I do to fix this?” Hunter looked at Marsha. “I see it’s the way I programmed his personality. I just had his journal. It was full of negative thoughts.”
“You have to make sure the personality you give an ALF is balanced. It’s just like a real person. If they only have a single character trait, they’ll have problems socializing.” She leaned on the desk with a hand on her hip.
Scott came forward. “You’re not going to muck with me!”
The ship’s systems started to go out of control. The lights flashed. The computer fluctuated, and Scott’s image vanished. Mitchell put his hands on his head like he was about to pull his hair out.
“Give him positive character traits!” The captain shouted. “We don’t have much time.”
Marsha pushed Hunter out of his seat and started to type. As she keyed, the computer blew up. Smoke mushroomed out of it. The woman rushed to another console and began to do the same. This computer, too, blew up. She hastened to a third unit and tried with the same result.
“We’re not gonna get this done until Scott allows it.” She looked at Mitchell, worried. “Maybe, he’ll let the private do it.”
“Not if he knows you two have anything to say about what I do.” Hunter stood between them with his hands behind his back. They looked at him sternly. “Well … if he thinks you’re are directing my actions, he won’t trust me. So I’ll have to gain his trust before he allows me to do anything.” He glanced at them both with eyebrows raised. “Well?”
Marsha looked at Mitchell as she raised her hands in surrender. “He has a point, sir. But, unfortunately, I don’t think we have an alternative.”
Mitchell just looked at his private for a long moment. Then he shook his head as he sighed. “You better know what you’re doing, Private, or it’s the Brig for life or worse.”
Corey came to attention. “Understood, sir! I know what I need to do, sir!”
The captain pointed at his private. “Beware of false notions. They are the worst enemies to fight.”
Hunter saluted him. “Yes, sir!”
Corey stopped in the doorway to scan the room the investigators had trashed. Then, the door’s warning sounded. So, he stepped into the room. The sound stopped as he rushed to his console. After login, Hunter saw a strange message.
“BEWARE OF FALSE NOTIONS. THEY ARE THE WORST ENEMIES TO FIGHT.”
Corey pressed the return key. The message returned in seconds. He canceled again, and Scott’s voice sounded behind him.
“BEWARE OF FALSE NOTIONS. THEY ARE THE WORST ENEMIES TO FIGHT.” Hunter looked behind and saw his friend with a devilish grin. “Who’s the one giving the false notions? Hey, Mate?”
The two men looked around in wonder.
Contents



CHAPTER 3 Trust Who?

The private stood before the ALF of Scott. “What do you remember about our relationship?”
“What does that matter?” Scott encircled Hunter like a lion about to pounce on its prey. “You think your psychology will work on me?”
“You keep calling me ‘Mate.’ So, what do you remember about us?” Corey followed Scott with his eyes. “There must be some memories of us in your programming somewhere.”
“My programming?” The ALF stopped in front of Hunter with a glare that caused Hunter to take a step back. “Why would I have programming? I’m as real as you!”
“No.” Corey glanced at the floor a moment. “You’re an ALF or an Artificial Life Form, not a real person. You died almost a year ago now.”
“That’s dodgy, Mate!” He came to the private. “I’m here right before ya! Who do you think ya talking to?”
“The ALF of my late-friend, William Scott, originally from Sidney, Australia.” The private leaned toward his ALF. “You would not exist without me … Mate.”
“Yeah, right!” Scott’s clothes vanished. “I don’t need your uniform. I am just fine the way I came into the world. What are you going to do about it?”
Hunter went back to the terminal. “Nothing. It’s just nothing at all. You can be nude, all you want.” Corey began to type. Soon, Scott’s uniform returned.
Scott tried to make it go away. However, the whole trunk of his body vanished with it.
“What do you think you are doing now?” Scott went to his friend and watched.
Corey continued to type as the ALF watched with curiosity. “Do you remember this?” Scott’s trunk returned with posing trunks.
“Vaguely.” Scott stepped back as he looked around him like he had been teleported to another place. He nodded as a smile came over him and started to applaud. The ALF stepped forward and acted as if the friend corrected someone’s movements. Then, he stepped back. “No, like this.” Scott started to pose like in a competition.
“See … you remember, Scott.” Hunter watched his friend and then resumed the data entry. “If you let me, I’ll help you remember the good times.”
Scott finished his posing routine and bowed as if to the crowd. The ALF acted as if he shook hands in response to imaginary people all around him as they congratulated him on an excellent performance. As Scott reacted, his eyes began to water. “No one had ever appreciated anything I did before. I was always the little guy who never amounted to anything.”
“You have accomplished a lot in your life.” Corey used many of the system’s templates as he recreated pleasant memories. “Will you let me bring back all the good memories?” The private looked back as William held a hand over his eyes while he silently wept. “I didn’t mean to hurt your feelings, Scott.”
“I had forgotten what it was like to have someone appreciate what I had accomplished.” Scott looked out the window but saw things that were not there. He struck several poses for invisible admirers.
“Here, let me share some more memories for you.” Corey resumed his task.
“Sir! I want to be enhanced with the others, sir.” Scott came to attention. “Yes, sir!” Bill felt the tattoo on the right side of his face. “Sir, why would it violate the rules, sir?” He looked dejected and hung his head. “No, sir! But I can get it removed. No, it wouldn’t leave a scar, sir. The process has changed, sir.” Scott pleaded with someone. “Sir, I can do the job. Why would the tatts be a problem?”
Hunter typed in more memories he knew.
Bill knelt and bowed to an unseen entity. “Why won’t the serum work on us?” Scott looked up at the existence. “What will we do for you?”
“It’s not exactly how it happened, but it’s the best I can remember.” Corey looked back at his friend’s image.
“Then, how can I trust these memories?” The image came to Hunter in anger.
Corey blocked a backhanded blow. “I can only try to trigger your memories of the good times. I can’t rebuild all your memories, only the ones I know. So let’s talk to those who knew you well.”
“Ace!” Scott started toward the door.
“You better put some clothes on before going out there.” Hunter followed him.
“Nah!” William passed through the door. “If they can’t stand to see me, what is that to me?”
The private opened the door and left.
Soon the duo entered the gym, with Scott in the lead. The two went to the treadmills and did their cardio workout. Hunter wore his gym clothes while William wore posing trunks. The ALF sped up his treadmill to the maximum speed. He kept up with the machine without even a change of respiration. “It’s too slow.” Scott stepped off the exercise while it continued.
Corey stopped his run, went to Scott’s machine, turned it off, and then caught up with his friend as the ALF went to the mat to start his stretches. Then, as the private began to join in the exercises, Mitchell came to them.
“Scott, what in blazes do you think you’re doing showing up here in trunks?” He stood next to them like some drill instructor. The ALF ignored him. “William Scott, I am talking to you!” Everyone stopped and looked at them. Bill continued to ignore him. Finally, Mitchell shoved the entity off his feet.
Scott stood, came after the captain, grabbed the enemy by the throat, and lifted him off the floor with one hand. Mitchell could not break the hold. “Well, Mate, what are you going to do … sir?” William shook him like a rag doll.
Mitchell struggled to get his words out. “Let … go … of … me!” His clothes suddenly changed to posing trunks. “What … do … think … you are … doing?”
Bill threw the captain backward into the wall. “Whatever I want!”
Tom stood and came after the rebel. “Not if I can help it!” The captain fought with the much shorter opponent. The two struggled before several others separated them. A group of Marines piled on Scott. The ALF vanished.
“That’s great!” Hunter shook his head. “I’m trying to win his trust so I can finish programming him.”
The men stood and encircled the captain and private.
Mitchell came to him fired up. “Can’t you put clothes on him?” He flared his nostrils.
“We did, sir. Remember?” The private donned his tank top. “He just won’t keep them on, sir. He says he’s fine without them, sir.” He tucked the shirt in his shorts. “At least, now, his trunk vanishes if he tries to go all-natural, sir. He has to keep the trunks or loss his body, sir.”
“Now, where are my clothes?” The captain went nose to nose with his private.
“I don’t know, sir.” Hunter drew back.
Mitchell stomped out of the room toward the locker room while he struggled to keep his temper under somewhat of control. He put a hole in the locker room door.
Carter came over to Hunter. “I think it’s safe to assume you’re on the captain’s hitlist.”
“What was your first clue?” Corey left the gym as he shook his head.
Hercules went straight to his computer terminal back in his compartment and commenced to alter Scott’s personality. Scott immediately appeared as he sat on the counter next to the screen, dressed only in his posing trunks. The ALF watched as Corey made the adjustments to William’s database. Scott would swing his feet from time to time as he observed the changes to his memory banks.
“That happened?” Scott looked at the screen, somewhat shocked. “I didn’t know all that! So you mean we are friends?”
Hercules glanced at him. “Yes, we go back a long way.” He resumed his work. “I knew you when you first came to America. I was one of the guys that helped you get your first job. I spotted you as you came off the Australian vessel. You stayed at my home until you could get one of your own. It was free to you.” He typed some memories into the computer. “Are those accurate memories?”
“Don’t know, you’re making my memories and asking me if I remember.” Scott put his hands on the desk beside him. He suddenly leaned forward angrily. “I can’t believe that happened!” He took a swipe at Corey but passed through him. “What happened?” He looked his hand over and tried again. “What did you do?”
“You no longer control our computer systems…Mate!” Hunter proceeded to include one template after another once he had found how to neutralize the ALF. “The Mucker has been Mucked!”
“Don’t be so sure!” Scott vanished.
Corey looked around and returned to his task. The Mucker has been Mucked! He thought to himself as he added in more templates. Whatever goes around comes around … Mate.
“Remember that.” Printed out on the screen.
Contents



CHAPTER 4 You’re In The Army Now

Later as Mike entered his compartment, Jonathan headed toward the lavatory with just a towel in front of him. The general motioned for him to follow him to the bench. When they reached it, Mike sat and looked up at his son.
“What do you think about these laws regarding enhanced children forced into the military?” The general started to undo his shirt.
“I was planning on joining anyway, Dad.” Jonathan stood before his father as he held his towel low before him. “Are they going to enhance me more?”
“They might.” Mike removed his shirt and laid it on the bench.
“Great! Maybe I can become as big as Trevor.” The boy flexed his arm.
Michael smiled as he stood and removed his pants. “You’re already nearly as big as me, and you’re only 17. How big do you want to get?”
“Bigger than anybody else, Dad.” The boy did a most muscular pose. “I wanted to be sure to be bigger than that Nathaniel kid. He thinks he’s so hot because he’s the most muscular kid around.”
“He’ll get enhanced before you, and he’ll be even bigger.” The general stood before his son in his briefs.
The door opened, and Jacob entered with Judge Suter in tow.
“Ah! Sorry, Your Honor! I didn’t …” Richards stammered as he started to put his pants back on.
“Don’t bother, General.” He walked next to Jonathan, who glanced at the judge unmoved. “I’ve been in a locker room a time or two.” He looked Jonathan over. “This must be Jonathan. I’ve watched you perform at the show.” He offered to shake hands. Jonathan shook it. “I just wanted to let you know the verdict on the case. The Court has ruled no enhanced child has to enter the military.”
“That’s good, Your Honor.” Richards offered the judge a seat. He took it. “Go take your shower, Jonathan.” He motioned his boy to go.
The elder boy walked to the lavatory and paused as he motioned Jacob to go away. Then he went inside and shut the door. Jacob tried the door, but it wouldn’t open.
“Jacob, come over here and have a seat.” Mike stood as he motioned to Jacob. The boy moped as he came to his father. His father sat, and Jacob leaned against him. “You don’t need to go in there.” He looked at the judge. “So, how’d the Congress and New President react, Your Honor?”
“Congress wasn’t too excited, but President Johnston was excited. He was worried that forcing kids into the military for life would cause them to rebel, or worse.” Suter watched Jacob fidget. “I don’t bite, Jacob.”
“He’s nervous around people he doesn’t know well, Your Honor.” The general wrapped his arms around his son. “Tell him what you’ve been doing.”
“Nothing much.” Jacob sulked.
“Nothing much? You have your own fan club. That’s doing good.” Richards was more enthusiastic.
Jacob shrugged as he buried his face on his Dad’s side.
Mike picked him up and sat him on his lap. “Now, you like to talk about it. You’re so excited to have your own club. What’s the matter now?”
“Nothing.” Tiger moped as he laid his head against his father’s chest. “People don’t like enhanced. Why like them?”
“Oh, Jacob.” Mike chuckled as he hugged his son. “He doesn’t hate the enhanced Troops. He likes them. Besides, if you get to know people, you’d find a lot of people like us.”
Soon, Jonathan came out of the lavatory and came up behind the judge.
“Get some clothes on, Boy! What’s wrong with you?” The general shook his head as Jonathan stood with the towel in front of him. “Go!” The boy took his time while he went to his room. “And more than just your gym shorts!”
Jonathan poked his head out. “Why? We already went to eat.”
“You know we have a guest. Now, get dressed.” Mike shook his head. “Sorry, he’s getting bigger in the head, too.”
“I heard that!”
“Don’t worry about it.” The judge stood. “I need to go.” He walked to the boys’ room. “Never mind, Jonathan! I’m leaving.”
Jonathan came to the door again in just his yellow shorts. “So soon?”
Richards came to his son more than a bit upset. “What is your problem?”
“No problem.” The boy walked past his Dad as he went to Jacob and picked him up. “Did you have a problem sitting in your briefs?” He put his brother on his hip and came back to the bedroom. “If he came a few minutes later, he would have seen you with nothing on. Then what?”
The door chimed. Mike quickly put his pants on as he answered the door. It was Mitchell with a pad.
“Sir, this is for Jonathan.” He handed the general the pad. “He’s to report for duty at 0800 hours, sir.”
“What are you talking about, Captain?” Mike looked at the pad in disbelief.
“Congress has initiated the Draft and lowered the age to 16, sir.” Mitchell did not have his usual confident demeanor. He did not seem to be able to stand in place. “Congress is attempting to get around the Court’s decision by using the Draft to get all the enhanced kids they can, sir.”
“So, he’s been drafted by the Army?” Richards looked up at his captain in shock. “We’ll see how long that lasts. Thank you, Captain.”
“Yes, sir!” Mitchell saluted and then left.
Mike went to his boys as he continued to read the pad’s Draft notice. He met the boys as he stopped at the doorway. Richards handed the information to Jonathan.
“I wanted to be in the Marines. Can’t I change it?” Jonathan read it.
“You may not have to be in the Military at all.” His father started to turn as he took back the pad. “I’m going to file a complaint in the Court. I’ll see what I can do. You’re too young for the Military until you’ve had a chance to graduate High School.”
The following day, Richards and Mitchell were in Court with Judge Sutter and a lawyer for Congress. The sides had finished presenting their positions on the Draft. Sutter weighed the arguments as he tapped his fingers.
He sat up straight. “I see no reason for a Draft, especially for 16 year-olds. But, I can see you making the Draft to get as many of the enhanced children into the Military. I already ruled that it is unconstitutional to force anyone into servitude. So, Congress decides to institute the Draft to force our children into the military to circumvent my ruling.”
“Your Honor, Congress has the right to institute the Draft in time of war.” The attorney stood. “We are at war with these aliens, and therefore, Congress has the constitutional authority to institute the Draft.” He sat.
“We have had a volunteer military for centuries now. What has changed that we must lower the Draft to 16?” The general stood and then looked at Sutter. “I move the Draft be abolished as it is merely a cover for forcing children into servitude, Your Honor.” He sat.
“Yes, I see no need for a Draft, especially of 16 year-olds.” Sutter looked at both sides. “I order all Draftees to be returned to their families and school.”
The attorney stood. “You can be impeached, Your Honor!” The man started to leave.
“I haven’t adjourned this Court!” Sutter shook his gavel at the man. “Now, sit!!” The man sat and would not make eye contact. “You may not like my rulings, but that is no grounds for impeachment. The view of the enhanced and their children is well known and documented. Trying to enslave them is against the Constitution, for your information. So, knock it off!!”
“We shall see!” The lawyer snapped at the judge.
“Will there be anything else, Your Honor?” Richards checked his pad.
“No, I think we’ve settled things as much as we can.” Sutter looked over at the general. “You have permission to take your son home, General.” He pounded his gavel. “Adjourned.”
Richards showed up at the gymnasium, where the troops were training the draftees. But, first, he went to the lead sergeant.
“Attention!!” The sergeant called out when he saw the general.
The general walked to the front of the group. “Listen up! All draftees have been released from military service by Judge Sutter. The current Draft has been ruled unconstitutional. So, return to your classrooms.” He turned to the captain. “That’s all, Captain Glover.”
“Yes, sir!” Glover saluted him.
Later that evening, Mitchell came by the Richards’s compartment again. Jonathan answered the door in his shorts. “Yes?”
“Is your father home?”
The boy stepped aside and allowed the captain to enter. “He’s in his room.”
“General, sir!” Tom called out as he stepped past Jonathan. Richards came out of his room and leaned against the doorway. “You heard, sir?”
“Yeah, I heard.” Mike crossed his arms. “Congress tried to have Judge Sutter arrested. They are trying everything they can to get at the enhanced. However, the enhanced are law enforcement, and they won’t arrest the judge.”
“You can still disband Congress and the whole government. We still have not found a home yet, sir.” Tom put a hand on Jonathan’s shoulder. “Or you can declare a new election.”
“What good would that do?” Mike motioned his son to return to his room. “We have six more months until the next election anyway. I can’t order a change in people’s attitudes any more than Congress can legislate morals.”
“True, sir.” Mitchell watched his superior motion him to follow. “What did you have in mind, sir?”
Mike closed the bedroom door behind them.
Contents



CHAPTER 5 Danger!

As Richards watched the main screen, the battle station’s alarm blared. The crew was busy at their stations, searching for any indication of a “Door” in the area. Rocky observed a spatial distortion in the area near the fifth planet from their location. It fluctuated while Rusty attempted to evaluate it.
Hunter came to Rocky with a pad. Rocky gave it a quick brush off but changed his mind quickly. Corey showed him another page on the tablet, and his superior did a double-take. The sergeant took the pad to the general immediately. Samson brought the section of space up on the main screen, which showed the distortion.
The general went to Samson. “Try to contact Sedya of the Imperial Guard ship Toka.”
O’Connor did his job. He just shook his head. Then a tone rhythmically played while O’Connor tried to interpret the signals. “It’s some kind of code like our Morse Code, sir.”
“See if the new system can tell us what it says.” Richards moved around to look at the sergeant’s screens.
“There, sir!” Samson began to read the message. “We’re too close to the door, sir.”
“All ships withdraw!” The general called out.
The ships moved out of range just as the power surge from the door nearly grabbed them. The door seemed to move closer, but the humans stayed out of range.
“What are we going to do, sir?” Rocky kept an eye on the distortion. “We can play this game indefinitely.”
“Gunney, I may have a solution.” Hunter stepped toward Rocky.
Rocky rolled his eyes and then glanced at the private. “What is it, Private?”
“We could send Scott into the doorway and contact the Toka.” Hunter looked at the command staff.
“What? That half-baked, poor excuse for an ALF has caused enough problems, Private!” Gunney stepped into the private’s face while he barked at him.
“Not so fast, Gunney.” Richards stepped toward Hunter. “What did you have in mind?”
“I’ve been working on Scott’s memories over the last six months, and I believe I’ve made some headway, sir.”
“Why not use another, more advanced ALF for the mission, sir?” Klein went back to his station. “They would be far more stable and dependable than one dreamed up by a rookie, sir.”
“A rookie-made ALF hacked your unhackable system, Gunney.” Corey stood his ground. “We may need that to survive this mission, Gunney.”
“Alright!” The general rushed between his men. “You’ve made your point, Private.”
“Why is everybody still calling me ‘Private?’” Hunter turned to the general. “I’ve earned my stripes back by now.”
“You’ll be a private until I say different.” Mike became a little abrupt with his private. “How could your ALF do anything against a spirit being?”
“He can take the form of a spirit and go wherever they go, sir.” The private stood with his hands behind his back. “But, better yet, sir, we should consult Dusya. He’s a spirit and on our side, sir. Best of all, sir,  he’s diety in this place.”
“If he’s on our side, why did he allow our troops to die last year?” Richards took a step toward Corey and barked in his face.
“Sir?” Rocky had a shocked expression as he pointed behind the general.
Everyone on the bridge collapsed, except Mike and Corey. Mike turned and came face-to-face with Dusya again.
“Well, well, Mike, you have not learned respect.” The voice of Dusya came from the shimmering light. “Corey is correct. You should consult me before going on this dangerous mission. How do you plan to fight spirit beings, O wise one?”
“I will lead my troops through the door and into the alternate universe. But, unfortunately, we have people trapped on the other side.” Richards gazed into the light with and an air of pride.
“Do you even know what the door is, Mike?” Dusya moved closer to the general. “No, you don’t.”
“We have a message from the other side of people trapped and possibly dying.” Richards followed the light.
“You have nothing but a forged voice track of people long since DEAD!” Dusya became impatient with the general. “The door is a doorway to death. Once you pass through, there is no way back. You are dead, dead, DEAD! And you believe your troops and your technology are invincible. Have you even verified the story of the invasion?”
The general hung his head. “No.”
“Yet, you’re willing to go off your course and risk the lives of all your civilization for what? A phony message meant to trap everyone in this sector.” Dusya went around the armory station and stopped by Rocky’s unconscious form. “You have a lot to learn about this place. You don’t even know what you face. Everything that is happening to you is a lesson from me. Every creature you’ve met has something to do with your past. You want to reach a world to call your home, but you must first learn your lessons. I’ve told you before to take your people back to Romasu. You still do not understand.”
“Is Romasu Earth?” Mike turned to face Dusya.
“Maybe, or maybe it is a place humans were before Earth.” Dusya passed through the armory station and came to Richards. “You will not know until you learn your lessons. You destroyed your world. Why should you have another to destroy?”
“We have learned our lessons out here.” Richards lifted his chin with pride.
Dusya’s laughter echoed throughout the room. When it stopped, he spoke again. “You haven’t learned anything yet, Mike. You still depend upon your technology and quote ‘Super’ end quote Troops. You believe you are superior and at the top of the food chain. You are but dust, and to the dust, you shall return. You will learn your lessons or spend eternity wandering this empire with no place to call home.”
“Very well, what do you want us to learn?” The general hung his head. He would not make eye contact.
“The mule learns best to follow one step at a time with a bit in its mouth.” Dusya started to fade.  “You are that mule, Mike. Learn to follow. It can be easy or excruciating, depending on you.”
After Dusya vanished, Corey went to the general. “Well, sir, what are we going to do? We can’t fight this mission or get home unless we obey, sir.”
“We have to destroy this door and then continue on our course.” Richards started toward the chair.
“How, sir?” Hunter followed him. “It’s not a physical door, sir.” They stopped at the chair. “We could send in two ALFs, one Scott and the other some other one, sir. Let the other ALF be the mission leader, sir. It’s worth a shot.”
“Private, get back to your station!!” Rocky came to Hunter.
“Enough, Gunney!!” Richards quickly pointed at him as he barked. “You just get back to your station!!”
“As I was saying, sir, it’s worth a shot.” Hunter stood beside the general as he sat.
Mike leaned toward Gunney. “Bring up Scott and Carlson. We’ll use them to enter the doorway and disable it.”
“Yes, sir!” Rocky did his work as he grumbled under his breath.
The two ALFs appeared in front of the general.
Scott looked himself over. “Do I have to wear this garb?” He looked up at the general.
“You always wanted to be in the Military, Scott.” Hunter approached him. “Just think you’re a sergeant already. You outrank me.”
“Everybody outranks you, Private.” Scott scowled at him. “Nothin’ is lower than nothin’. So, I had to outrank you.”
“Never mind the rank!” The general came to the group. “Your mission is to enter the door in space and disable it. Use whatever means are necessary to complete the task. Then, return here.”
“Yes, sir!” The ALFs vanished but immediately reappeared.
“Are we here?” Scott looked around, confused.
“Negative.” Rocky sighed. “You just bounced right back.” Rocky’s alarms sounded. “Sir! Another door formed behind us, sir.”
“All ships leave the system! Pronto!” Richards returned to his chair.
The crew went into action. Before the convoy could leave the area, massive doors surrounded the fleet. Then everything went dark.
Dusya’s voice came from the darkness. “Tsk, tsk! You sure don’t listen very well, Mike. I guess you’re going to have to learn the hard way.”

Contents



CHAPTER 6 Alliances

While the humans traveled back to their course to Romasu, Rocky noticed several signals on his radar. The objects approached at an alarming speed as Rocky set off the battle stations’ alarm. Richards was soon on the bridge in his gym clothes.
“What’s the danger?” The general approached Rocky.
“A large contingent of unknowns approaching from the port bow, sir.” Rocky kept an eye on his screens. “ETA … 2 mics, sir.” Rocky finally looked at the general.
“Guard ships?” Richards looked at Rocky’s radar.
“Unknown, sir.” Rocky checked all the screens again. “There’s no ID signal from any of the ships, sir.”
“Incoming message, sir!” O’Connor called out from the comm station. “It seems to be the Bohinan, sir.”
“Oh, great! Them again? Haven’t they learned their lesson yet?” Richards put his hands on his head in frustration.
“I was thinking the same for you, Mike.” Dusya’s voice echoed.
Mike glanced around the bridge.
“Something wrong, sir?” Rocky gazed at him.
“Didn’t you hear that?” Richards focused on Gunney.
“Hear what, sir?” Klein stepped to his superior. “You have some kinda relapse, sir?”
“It sounded like Dusya talking to me.”
Rocky waved a hand in front of the general. “Who’s that, sir?”
“The diety here, who else?” Richards looked confused.
Rocky returned to his station. “Dr. Kincaid, Major Scott is having a relapse!”
“I’m not Scott! I’m Major General Michael C. Richards, USMC.” Richards was more confused now.
“Dr. Kincaid here. Bring him to sickbay ASAP!” Dr. Collins’s voice came back.
“Affirmative, Doctor!” Rocky motioned to Samson.
Hunter relieved Rocky, and Klein and Samson started to lead the general off the bridge. They were met at the lift by Mitchell, who was also in his gym clothes.
Mitchell looked into the general’s confused eyes. “It will be okay, Major Scott. I can handle it.” Mitchell put a gentle hand on the general’s shoulder. “I may be the general of this fleet, but I can still run things.”
Rocky and Samson led out their bewildered superior.
In sickbay, some nurses led Richards into an examination room where Dr. Kincaid entered. It was Dr. Collins’s likeness.
“Put him on the table.” The doctor cleared the examination table as Rocky and Samson guided their superior to his seat.
The two sergeants stood by as the doctor examined her patient. After the standard examination, the doctor began to question the general.
“What was going on when you became confused, Major?” Kincaid prepared to take notes on her pad.
“Why do you need to take notes, Dr. Collins? You have the greatest mind in the fleet.” Richards looked even more confused.
“I’m not Dr. Collins.” Dr. Collins let down her pad. “I’m Dr. Kincaid. You have us confused, sir.”
“What’s going on?” Richards looked at each in the room. “Everyone’s identity is confused with someone else’s. No one can identify the fleet that is approaching us. What gives?”
“No one’s confused, sir, but you.” Dr. Kincaid made a few notes. Then, when she looked up again, the general had his hands held behind his back by Samson. “What happened?”
“He tried to leave, ma’am.” Samson shook a finger of his free hand at the general.
“Samson, let go of me!” Richards barked at Samson.
“I’m not the one holding you, sir.” Rocky put a hand on the general’s shoulder. “I’m Samson. That’s Rocky, sir.”
Richards hung his head and shook it. “Doesn’t anybody know who anybody is? Somebody answer me.”
“We all know who we are, but you, sir.” Kincaid glanced up from her pad. “You’re getting everybody confused, sir. I have to relieve you of duty, sir.” She noted on her tablet the decision. “The general will have to replace you until we can decide if you are ever able to return to duty, sir.”
“Did you hit your head, sir, when you were working out?” Samson checked for any sign of a head injury.
Richards brushed away Samson’s free hand with his head. “No! Now, let me go!”
There was a knock on the door.
The doctor opened the door. “Yes?”
“The General needs to speak with Major Scott, Doctor.” A nurse was at the door.
Mitchell entered the room. “The Bohinan need our assistance with the invaders. I need your expertise in dealing with the Bohinan.”
“Why are you even considering dealing with the Bohinan, Captain?” Richards tried to get free. “They’re trying to enslave our people!”
“Don’t raise your voice with me, Major! I’ll knock you down a few ranks!” Mitchell bellowed back at him. “The Bohinan are our allies, and they have risked a great deal to save our people from the Emporer. Get your facts straight, Marine!”
“He’s not himself right now, General. So I’ve relieved him of duty pending an evaluation, sir.” Collins responded.
“Bring him to the bridge.” Mitchell started to leave. “I need what I can get out of him. He’s the only one fluent in Bohinan. Bring him!” He left the room.
Mitchell and Richards approached the main screen back on the bridge where a Bohinan started to yell in Bohinan.
“He’s mad that we made him wait, Mitchell.” Richards leaned toward Mitchell.
Mitchell glared at him. “You better remember to whom you speak, Marine!” He looked back at the screen. “You’re not on some Bohinan tug boat!”
“Yes, sir!” Richards watched the screen.
The Bohinan commander went into a series of motions with grunts, snorts, and moos.
“He is asking us to assist them in fighting the invaders of the Empire, sir.” Richards looked confused. “How’d I know that?”
“You only spent a couple of years on Bohina learning their language and culture, Major.” Mitchell glanced at him. “Get with the program!”
“Yes, sir!” He turned his attention back to the screen. “What shall I tell him, sir?”
“Ask him who the invaders are. What are they after? And where are they?” Mitchell kept his eye on the Bohinan.
Richards went into a discourse of motions and sounds of Bohinan. Then the two watched as the commander replied. “The invaders are several races of spirits from beyond the dead. Their species are unknown to us. They are stealing our young, mostly our bulls, sir. Their points of entry are all over the Empire, sir.”
“Tell him. We’ll go with them and assist any way we can, Major.” Mitchell put his hands on his hips as Richards complied.
“He thanked us, sir.” Richards watched the commander. “Follow us. The destination is not on the star charts, sir.”
“Very well.” He turned to Samson. “All ships prepare to follow the Bohinan to an unknown location!”
Samson relayed the message to the whole fleet.
When the humans arrived, alarms went off in Richards’s head. He went to his chair next to the command chair. He looked up the system in the star chart.
“Sir, this is the Ku System.” Richards glanced at Mitchell. “A known door to the alternate universe is at Kumile Jasilito, the fifth planet in, sir. That’s the 20th planet of the star system, sir.”
Mitchell glared at Richards. “And how would you know that, Major? You’re not exactly playing with a full deck.”
“Very well, sir.” Richards went back to his charts.
“Sir!” Rocky looked up from his station. “We’re being joined by thousands of ships, sir. Apparently, from all over the Empire.”
“Sir!” Samson called from his station. “They’re all hailing us, sir.” Samson populated the main screen with many of the commanders from the fleets. “Who’d you like to talk to, General?”
“Conference call to all of them, Rocky.” Mitchell stood.
“Yes, sir!” Samson pressed his buttons. “Go ahead, General!”
“This is Major General Thomas Mitchell of the Humana fleet. What can I do for you?”
The commanders all started to speak at the same time in their languages.
Samson worked at his station. “Sir, they are all asking for help to rid their systems of the invaders, sir. They claim they all have some kind of doors throughout their systems, sir.”
Mitchell held up his hands to silence the aliens. “I know you all have invaders in your systems. However, we can only help one species at a time. So let’s work together to clear each problem. It will work out much faster and better. We need teamwork to win this.”
“Sir!” Richards broke in. “The doors in this sector are heading this way, sir! We need to get out of here, fast!!”
“Major, don’t be such an alarmist!!” Mitchell brushed him off.
“He’s right, sir.” Rocky looked up. “We have something coming from this system, sir.”
“What are you showing, Samson?” Mitchell went to Rocky’s station.
“Disturbances are all I see, sir.” Rocky looked at his screens. “They show no physical boundaries, sir.”
“They lead to death, sir.” Richards glanced at Mitchell.
“Someone get him off the bridge… now!!” The general scowled at his crew.
Several of Hunter’s team rushed Richards and removed him from the bridge.
As the men took Richards to his quarters, the major stopped and gazed at each of his men. “What does Dusya tell you about this place?”
Hunter looked confused. “Why do you ask, sir? You’ve never talked about him before.”
“What happened just before I seemed to have flipped out?” The general eyed each man carefully. “Who am I for real?”
Hunter lowered his eyes. “You’re Major General Michael C. Richards, USMC, sir.”
Richards put his hands on Hunter’s shoulders. “Thank you, Corporal Hunter. Now, what’s going on here?”
“Dusya is teaching us a lesson, sir.” Corey looked into the general’s eyes. “We can’t let anyone else know what’s going on, sir. Can we trust you, sir?”
“Yes, of course, you can.” He patted the corporal on the shoulders. “Let’s get to my quarters and discuss what we can do about our little situation.”
The men perked up and followed the general to his quarters.
When they entered the compartment, Richards checked each room to see who might be around. With no one about, the general turned to his men. “Have a seat, Gentlemen. We have some talking to do.” The men sat while Richards sat on the edge of the desk. “Does anyone know what this lesson is about?”
“You got us on a mission, sir, without checking out the story first, sir.” Carter sat in the middle of the bench. “That’s all I know, sir.”
“That’s a start, Carter.” Mike brought up some information on the screen next to him. “I remember a call from Sedya of the Imperial Guardship, Toka. We need to find that ship and find out if it is really in this system.”
“It was destroyed five years ago, General.” Scott appeared in the center of the room in just his posing trunks. “The debris is located at the outer edge of this system, sir.”
“Good, then we don’t need to worry about a rescue of its crew.” Richards smiled at Scott. “It’s good to see you’re with us on this one.”
“I always was, sir.” Scott put his hands on his hips.
“I purged the system, sir.” Hunter came to the computer screen. “When we were having so much trouble, Scott’s profile was infected by the invaders, sir.”
“How did you purge him?” Richards watched Hunter enter data. “You’re not a systems expert.”
“True, sir, but I had some help from the AI Department, sir.” Corey showed the steps he took to clean the system. “But, we have been trapped inside one of the distortions, sir. We must find a way out fast.”
“That’s why everyone’s identity is confused,” Mike observed the monitor. “This distortion has our facts jumbled. So, how reliable are our computer systems?”
“They’re improving, sir.” Scott came to the terminal. “I am still working on purging the systems’ data, sir. That may get everyone’s ID back to the right person, sir. The invaders didn’t know the system was compromised, sir.”
“Dusya said that we depend upon our technology too much. We need to shift our thinking to follow him, or we’ll never find a home.” Richards studied the steps Hunter took. “Who knows how to contact Dusya?”
“We all do, sir.” Corey put his hands on his head as he leaned back from the screen. “We just talk to him. He knows what we need before we even ask, sir.”
“Then, go ahead and do it.” Richards glanced at his men. The intercom beeped, and the general went to it. “Richards here!”
Mitchell’s voice came over the speaker. “Get those men back here, Scott!!”
“Yes, sir!” Richards punched the button again. He looked at the men. “You’d better go. Come back when you’re off duty.”
“Yes, sir!” The men hurried out as they left Richards to go over the system.
After the men left, Jonathan entered with Jenkins. They went to the boys’ room and came out with towels down their fronts and nothing else. Jenkins went to the bench as Richards saw him sit.
“Don’t you guys ever hang out with clothes on?” Richards put his hands on his hips. “Where’s Jacob?”
“I’m Jacob, Dad.” Jonathan started to enter the lavatory. “That’s Jonathan.”
“Dad, what’s wrong?” Jenkins looked concerned.
Richards shook his head and went to his room. There, Mike began to disrobe and went to his closet. When he opened the door, there was Jacob hidden among the uniforms and other clothes.
“Jacob, what are you doing in there?” Mike squatted and reached in for his son.
“I’m not Jacob. I’m Ted. You going to rat on me to my Dad?” Jacob backed away from Richards. “I just wanted to be with you.”
“Come here, Ted. I’m not going to rat on you.” He picked up the boy when Jacob came to him. “Why are you so afraid I’m going to rat on you?” He carried the boy to the window, and they looked out at all the stars and ships.
“Dad keeps coming here looking for me.” Jacob wrapped his arms around Mike.
“Why don’t you want to be with him?” Richards held the boy close.
“He’s such a grouch when he comes home.” Jacob laid his head on Mike’s shoulder.
“Who’s your Dad? Maybe if I talked to him ….” The door chimed. Richards took the boy and went out to the door. When he opened it, he was shocked.
“What are you doing with my son, Scott?!” Bellowed Mitchell, who grabbed the boy. “You better get something on, too!” The general stomped away as people passed them.
Richards shut the door and turned to Jenkins, now headed to the boys’ room as he shook his head. “What kind of lesson is this?”
By the time Hunter and his team returned, Mike was in his uniform, and the boys were gone. The group entered as they gathered around the compartment.
Richards sat in the middle of the bench. “Okay, guys, let’s get down to business before anyone else shows up. Hunter, since you’re the leader of your team, ask Dusya to come and help us with our little situation.”
The men quieted down.
“Sir, I can’t ask him to show up, sir.” Hunter sat on the edge of the counter. “He appears when he wants, sir. We can ask for his help, just like people have prayed for centuries.”
“Go ahead, then.” Richards bowed his head as others did.
“Dusya!” Corey began his simple prayer. “We’re still learning what you want us to do. Please, help us in this situation. Everything is so mixed up, and we’re in some kind of distortion. We don’t know what to do other than ask you for help.”
Carter rocked a few times. “Sir, we are in desperate circumstances here. What should we do?”
“Nothing’s happening.” Richards looked up as he sighed.
“O ye of little faith, Mike.” Dusya’s voice was soft, yet the sound of many waters. “Don’t you know yet? I show you one step at a time. I don’t always speak to you by voice. You must learn to follow my lead, not my voice only.”
“But hearing your sound is much easier than trying to decide what to do ourselves.” Mike looked around for the familiar glow.
“Follow by faith, not by sight, Mike.” Dusya remained soft without a hint of impatience. “You must learn to crawl first. Then, you learn to walk. If I always talk to you, you will only learn to hear, never learning to listen. My people must learn to listen to my voice, not just hear it. Do you understand the difference?”
“I think so.” Mike bowed his head again. “To hear is passive, and to listen is active. So we have to learn to think about what you say, not just soak it in.”
“Excellent, Michael.” Dusya’s glow appeared in the midst of them. “I will tell you through Corey. He is my leader. Mike, you will also speak for me. You wonder what to do about the mix-up of all the identities. That will fix itself as you learn your lesson.”
“What is our lesson here, Dusya?” Richards dared not look. “You have lessons for us, but what are they?”
“You will learn as you go.” Dusya started to fade. “One step at a time.”
When he was gone, all the men looked at each other.

Contents



CHAPTER 7 Feeling The Way

Richards spent his days in the gym with others. First, he grunted through his intense workout as he pumped his weights. Then, he threw the dumbbells down and nearly hit a youngster who passed by.
Samson quickly came. “You okay, Son?” He checked over the scared boy of only seven. Then, he hugged the boy gently and sent him on his way. The sergeant went to his superior.
“Sorry,” Mike grunted as he sat with an elbow on his knee. “Is the boy okay?” He looked up at Samson.
“Yes, sir!” The master gunnery sergeant stood with his feet apart and arms crossed. “He was scared, but otherwise okay, sir. What’s troubling you today, sir?” 
Richards picked up the dumbbells again and leaned against the incline bench.
“Sir, you need to put the weights down before you severely injure somebody.” Samson watched as the general continued with his workout.
“I’m okay, Rocky. Just this whole mess has me on edge.” Mike finished another set. He put the weights down quickly. “Can we talk?”
“Certainly, sir!” Samson motioned for the general to lead the way.
Richards put the weights away and led Samson to the locker room.
In the locker room, Richards went to his locker. He motioned for his sergeant to check out the room. Samson did and returned.
“What’s been going on the past few days?” Mike started to take off his tank top.
“Sir, you know I can’t divulge any classified info to anyone relieved of duty, sir.” O’Connor opened his locker. “I, for one, would be glad to have you back, sir.” He removed his shirt.
“Sit, Sergeant.” Richards straddled the bench as they both sat. “What’s been going on with you lately?”
“Not a whole lot, sir. You didn’t ask me here to talk about me, sir. What’s troubling you?” The sergeant wiped the sweat off with his shirt.
“You’re right.” Mike flung his shirt over his shoulder. “I don’t know how to ask without you giving out classified info.”
“I can talk about you, sir.” The big one gave an exaggerated wink. “That’s if you truly want to talk, sir.”
“Well… I seem to have misplaced my memory cells.” Mike started as Samson gave a playful nod. “Or should I say, ‘I have them crossed.’” Samson nodded twice, playfully. “I have a loose marble, then.” Samson nodded three times, playfully. “Sergeant, you’re gonna break your neck by the time we finish our 20-questions game.”
“Well, sir, I’ve got this kink in my neck, sir.” The sergeant tapped his right ear.
The general glanced around. When Mike looked back at his friend, Samuel was tapping a tiny spot on his chest. Richards leaned forward and squinted to see the tiny object on Samson’s chest. The general mouthed, “Ah!” He nodded a couple of times. “I need to get my head straightened out. Any suggestions?” The general pressed his hands together to make his chest muscles squeeze together.
Samson shook his head hard. Then, he acted out a death scene. “You could see Dr. Collins, sir. He’d be able to help since he’s the one with the greatest mind, sir.” He pointed to his right and then to his chest again as he nodded once again.
Mike ran his right thumbed fist down the left one twice and pointed the finger up.
The big guy nodded twice. “He’s your best bet, sir.”
Mike began to switch to Sign Language. “Who is listening?”
Samuel replied in like manner. “We’re not sure, sir. It seems spirits here are trying to take over the physical universe. The distortion we’re in is a gateway between our realms, sir. Some report that they are taking children from selected worlds. For what purpose, we don’t know, sir.”
The general looked down a moment without a word. Then, Mike made eye contact for another moment before raising his head again. Finally, Richards signed to the sergeant. “How did you come to get that small device attached to your chest?”
“We woke in this… this disturbance with these devices, and our minds jumbled up, sir. Some have tried to remove them and died in the process. We don’t know if they can watch us; however, we do know they are listening to everything, sir.”
“Does Mitchell understand the real situation?”
“Negative, sir. Spirits still control him, so I think he’s possessed, sir.”
“How many Troops can we trust?” Richards watched some troops enter the locker room.
“About half, sir.” Samson waved at some of the Troops as they passed.
“Then, why hasn’t anyone dethroned Mitchell yet?” Richards held out his arms in surprise.
“We can’t do anything without you on board, sir.”
“Get the off-duty Troops together in the main gym tomorrow about 1600 hrs. We’ll discuss what to do about our situation.”
“Yes, sir. Anything else, sir?” Samson stretched his arms out.
“No, let’s go shower and get the word out to the Troops. Be sure to use Sign Language at all times.” Richards stood. “But, how’d we know whom we can trust?”
“Feel your way through them, sir. That’s the only way I’ve been able to do it, sir.” Samson stood.
The two prepared for their showers and left their area.
The next day, at the appointed place and time, the Troops gathered with Richards and Samson. The forces were all in their gym clothes. Richards motioned for them to sit. After they did, Richards paced before the group.
The general used Sign Language. “We’re in enemy territory and under their surveillance. Therefore, we need to use the utmost care in communicating with each other. We cannot trust Mitchell. He’s compromised. Do not discuss anything sensitive around him, even in ASL. He’ll be able to understand it and forward it unwillingly to the enemy. As many of you already know, we must feel our way through this space until we can clear all compromised staff and Troops. We must…”
Battle station’s alarms sounded while the Troops dashed for their stations. Richards glanced around and noticed a red light on two of the gymnasium’s cameras. He watched as all his Soldiers rushed out of the gym. Alone, the general exited the room as he shook his head.
That evening, with Richards alone at home, the general worked at the computer. The door chimed. He cleared the system and answered the door.
Mitchell stiff-armed him in the chest, which knocked him back a few steps. As he entered the compartment, two massive MPs also entered the room. “The only one compromised is you, Major! These men are to take you to the brig where I can keep you away from my Troops!” The men stepped around Mitchell to arrest Richards. “You will not resist them, or they will shoot you… dead!”
The lead took Richards to the brig, where Mike was booked, stripped of his uniform, and given a GI shower. After that, he was given shorts and thrown in the cell. The general stood and dusted himself off. He went to the door and looked around the brig. There was no one in sight.
“Come on, sir! Let’s get moving.” Scott appeared in front of him.
“I could break out myself, but there are cameras all around this joint.” Richards pointed to the cameras.
“No worries, sir!” Scott opened the door. “The cameras aren’t working, sir. Hop to!”
Richards walked out and went right past the guards, who seemed asleep. When he reached the corridor, he noticed all the people on the floor, asleep. “Everyone’s asleep?”
“No, sir! The good guys are all awake, sir. This way, sir.” Scott led the general back to the gym.
In the gymnasium, the Troops assembled again for the general’s meeting. The forces began to applaud when they saw their leader. Richards took the front and center position smartly. He calmed them and had them sit quickly. Then, he spoke in Sign Language.
“We don’t have much time. The opposition might be on its way as I speak.” He remained in position. “We must regain control of the ship and fleet ASAP. Aliens have compromised our systems and trapping us within a disturbance. To do this, we must gain control of the computer and re-establish everyone’s IDs. We are such dependents on our technology we allowed the disruption of our database to fool us. The alien forces have one, or all, of our opposition forces possessed. We must try to re-establish true identities by correcting our database. The chips implanted at birth, which we derive our IDs from the core database, have become vulnerable to this problem. All AI personnel must coordinate the correction process. Once done, we can ascertain who is possessed or not. Be careful of cameras and hidden mics on the persons. Therefore, communicate in ASL when dealing with these issues. Everyone else assists AI specialists. Mitchell is compromised… beware!”
Suddenly, the gym became full of well-armed Troops. They quickly surrounded Richards’s Troops.
Mitchell came to Richards, who stood stone-faced before his unwilling foe. “I told you to stay away from my Troops, or we will shoot you.” He raised his weapon and aimed at the general’s forehead. “Prepare to die!”
The opposition forces, including Mitchell, suddenly fell unconscious. Richards and the others quickly examined their comrades.
“What happened?” Richards quickly looked around.
Scott appeared next to Richards. “I shut down their chips, sir. But, I can only do it to a small group at a time, sir.”
Mike looked up at the ALF. “Good job, Scott. Others will come. Remember, they are one of us despite the aliens misleading them. So, don’t kill unless necessary.”
“Understood, sir!” Scott stood at attention in his posing trunks.
“Get in uniform, Corporal!” Richards ordered.
“Aaaah, sir.” Scott sighed. His appearance changed into a Marine uniform.
“Take these men to the brig,” Richards ordered still in Sign Language. “Keep ‘em under surveillance with weapons set on stun. Scott, keep their chips shut down until I tell you.”
“Yes, sir!” Scott assisted the others as they removed the Troops from the gym. “Sir, all ALFs are under our control, and they can shut down the chips for you.”
“Good to know,” Richards left the gym.

Contents



CHAPTER 8 Taking Charge

 Richards led a group of enhanced Troops through the corridors toward the bridge. The group carefully stepped over the dense piles of unconscious bodies as they checked each hall. The general had the few Troops they came across taken into custody for safekeeping. As Mike approached one stack, he noticed the yellow shorts of his son. Richards dug down into the pile to reveal Jonathan buried under a mass of limbs with just his shorts on. After the worried father pulled his son out, Mike checked the boy over. On examination, Mike found the listening device on Jonathan’s chest. He carried the boy to sickbay.
In sickbay, Richards took his son to an examination table where Kincaid examined the boy and the device. The general Signed to her. “Can you remove it safely?”
She shrugged and shook her head. Then she examined it closer and ran some tests. Finally, she Signed back. “I have a risky option. Since the heart device is hotwired and deriving its power from the heart, I can disable the tool by slowing the heart rate to a near standstill, remove the apparatus, and then return the heart rate to normal. Any other option would kill for sure.”
“Do it!” Richards helped as they prepared Jonathan for the risky procedure.
Kincaid brought over the heart machine and attached the boy to it. She slowly slowed the heart rate until it was nearly non-existent. Then, she slowly removed the device. It came out without a hitch. Finished, she returned Jonathan’s rate to normal. She laid the device on the tray. Richards looked at it carefully and was about to smash it when the doctor stopped him. “Don’t! We need to examine it to find out how to disable them en masse.”
“We need you freed from your device before we get too far along.” Richards pointed to the doctor. “Then, free our Troops. After that, do as many people as you can. The corridors are full of unconscious people. They’ll be the easiest to do.”
“Yes, sir! We’ll get right on it, sir.” Kincaid motioned for her staff to gather around and then told them what to do.
Richards took his son out of sickbay.
Hours later, Richards and his teams arrived at the bridge. Scott appeared and motioned that the bridge crew was all unconscious. The teams entered the bridge and took command of the vessel.
Samson went to his station and checked with all the ships. Rocky checked the armory station, and nothing worked correctly. Several Troops assisted in correcting the problems. Samson had the same issues. He had several of his teams help him to fix the errors.
It required six hours of work to tackle all their concerns. Richards took over the fleet's command once the AI department had the database corrected for the central system. People were relieved to have identities back to the right people. Whole families were mismatched. With the fleet back in order, Richards went to check on the troops in the brig.
In the brig, Richards and a team separated the officers and the enlisted. The medical teams awakened the officers first, and then the medics removed the devices. After that, the Troops all checked out fine. The general saved Mitchell for last. He seemed a particular case as he appeared possessed.
The general finally gave the order to awaken the captain after a thorough check. Yet, everyone stayed clear of him. It took a while for the captain to awaken. He seemed groggy and disoriented as he sat on the floor of the cell. Mike looked at his captain through the bars as the general squatted before Tom.
“What do you remember, sir?” Richards had Samson record things with a unique camera that films the aura about a person.
Mitchell looked up at him, confused. “Sir?” He rubbed his temples as he wrenched in pain.
Samson showed the viewscreen to Richards as strange images moved about in numerous colors. The sergeant shook his head slowly.
“Who am I, sir?” Mike tried to make eye contact.
“You’re Major General Michael C. Richards, USMC, sir.” Tom slowly looked into the general’s eyes.
“Who are you, sir?” Richards kept the captain off guard as he tried to get a sense of the captain’s mental and emotional state. “Do you know who you are, sir?”
“Yes, sir!” Mitchell snapped up straight on the floor. “I’m Captain Thomas Mitchell, USMC, and your second in command, sir. What’s going on, sir?”
“That’s what we’re trying to ascertain, Captain.” Richards stood and looked at the camera screen.
Tom checked over his uniform. “What are these coverings?” He looked up in confusion. “Why do I have them?” The captain started to unbutton his shirt.
“Captain!” The general used his command voice. “Leave the uniform on.”
Tom stopped and looked bewildered at his superior. “Why, sir? These coverings are too restricting, sir.”
“You will remain covered until I say otherwise, Captain.” Mike watched the colors on the screen change and dance about the image.
Tom buttoned his shirt again. He looked around as he noted those around him. “Why am I in this barred enclosure, sir?”
“You will remain in there until we conclude our investigation of your behavior.” The general kept one eye on the captain and the other on the small screen. “How do you feel, Captain?”
“Confused, sir.” He tried to stretch his neck to see what was on the screen.
“How so, Captain?” Richards checked some readings under the image on the screen.
“Sir?”
“What has you confused?” Richards glanced at Mitchell quickly.
“For one thing, you seem interested in that contraption, sir.” Mitchell started to stand. But he stopped as the general motioned for him to sit. “What is that contraption, sir?”
“It’s just something the AI Department cooked up, Captain. We’re trying to focus it on you. Now, just sit there quietly, Captain.” The general pointed at several settings on the screen. “Almost there, Mitchell. Stay still.”
“That’s easier said than done, sir,” Mitchell mumbled under his breath.
“That’s the best we can do, sir,” Samson saved the settings as he showed the general several images besides Mitchell on the screen.
“Rocky, plan B, now!” Mike ordered as Rocky flipped a switch on his radio.
The captain passed out with a thud. Samson signed to the general that the other images are still very active despite Mitchell’s physical state. O’Connor shifted the scanner to different angles away from Mitchell. He explained in Sign Language that the pictures they tracked had moved away from the captain.
Mike made some signs that he needed to know who else had such images about them. Samson scanned all the other Troops who the aliens controlled. They all had the same problem. However, the regular Forces did not have these images about them. The master gunnery sergeant suggested the energy produced by the non-enhanced troops was much lower than the enhanced and therefore gave off a weaker energy reading. Samson added this attracted the alien beings to the enhanced Soldiers, not the others. He added, the “Wannabees” were also at risk. The general motioned for everyone to use Sign Language until further notice and keep the enhanced under alien control unconscious. He left for the bridge.
Back on the bridge, Richards dashed for his command chair. “Locate the exit from this space! Fast!!”
His crew took their stations as the helmsman searched for an exit. “Door straight ahead, sir.”
“Which way is it headed?” The general checked his screens.
“Unknown, sir.” The helmsman checked. “It’s just out there, sir.”
Mike mumbled, “Which way, Dusya? So it’s headed which way?”
“Go around it, Mike.” Dusya’s voice sounded in Mike’s head.
“What are we to do, sir?” The helmsman called out.
“Go around it to the left! Quickly!!” Richards shot to his feet. The door moved to its right, so it was directly in its way. “Stay left of it! All ships, stay left of the door!!”
“But, sir, it’s the way out!” Captain Russell turned toward the general.
“No! It’s just a door deeper into the trap.” Richards darted to the helmsman and leaned on the edge of the helm.
As the ship moved to the left of the door, it eventually disappeared. The humans continued on their present course. Finally, the stars appeared, which left door after door of troubles.
“Which one do we take, sir?” Russell came bewildered to the general.
Richards just stared at the main screen, deep in thought. 
The doors kept multiplying. Soon they filled the screen.
The general straightened up quickly. “All stop!” He looked at the helmsman. “I’ll take over.” Mike took the helm and began to maneuver the fleet around a maze of doors. He led them to one door, far away from the others. “There she be!” He remarked in a fake pirate accent. Then, he switched back to his own voice. “Full speed ahead!”
The vessels sped toward the lone door as it opened for them. They passed through single-file. On the other side, the ships fled the system.

Contents



CHAPTER 9 The Chase

Rocky hollered as he glanced up. “The doors are hot on our tail, sir! ETA 5 mic, sir!”
The general dashed for the armory station and glanced over the experimental weapons. “Use the solar mirror!! There!” He pointed to the list of choices.
Rocky quickly obeyed and notified the other ships. They soon formed a mirror image of the system they just left. However, it did not deter the doors’ approach.
When the doors passed through the mirrors, there was no one there. So the aliens traveled to the nearest star system. Upon arrival among the planets, the aliens only found evacuated planets. They thoroughly searched each world. Finally, they came to a promising planetoid near the star.
The doors formed a ring about the planetoid while they searched for any signs of life. They soon spotted movement and went to investigate. In the caverns of the mountains, the aliens found humans established camps throughout the area.
The humans built homes and other buildings of steel. With the assistance of the enhanced Troops, the buildings went up swiftly. Some people formed the parts of the buildings while others carried the pieces to their locale. Still, others inserted windows and doors. The women fashioned curtains and other things for the homes.
As the humans worked, the aliens moved closer. They attacked those that were close to them. However, they did not affect. The aliens tried several times to control the humans but to no effect. The humans continued their tasks seemingly without knowledge of the alien presence. When Mitchell was spotted, the invaders pounced on him.
Mitchell seemed to respond to their commands. The captain slipped away to an unused part of the cave. There he spoke to the aliens. “What do you want from me?” He glanced around both to see them and to avoid detection by the other humans. “I can’t be seen talking to you. They are watching me like a hawk.”
Voices came in waves to him. “Why can’t we control the others?” “What are their weaknesses?” “You must help us, or your family dies!”
“One at a time, please.” Mitchell cringed as he continued to try to sort out the voices.
“I can only follow one of you at a time.”
A lone male voice spoke to him. “Why can’t we control the others?”
“I don’t know.” Mitchell’s eyes darted about to see who spoke or who watched him. “I don’t know anything about you. Who are you?”
“Who we are is not necessary. You must find a way for us to control others. We must have control of the big men. They provide us with the most energy.” The male voice spoke.
“The ‘Big men’?” The captain noticed a ball of light move before him. He followed the glitter with his eyes. “We are just bodybuilders. Why would you be interested in us?”
“We desire your energy levels.” The ball of energy engulfed the captain. As the energy drained from him, Mitchell dropped to his knees. The ball left him.
Mitchell stood as his strength returned. “That is some trick. You feed off our strength, how?”
 “It’s not your strength on which we feed. It’s your aura.” The voice came back as it moved toward Mitchell again. “You regain your strength quickly. That is an advantage. We could use a race like yours.”
“Whoa! Whoa! For one, we are not all the same.” Mitchell held up his hands to calm the excitement. “No one will enslave us.”
“We do not wish to enslave. We just want to co-exist with you.” The energy engulfed him again. “We can be of benefit to you.”
“Yeah, I’ve seen that. You control us.” Mitchell tried to pull out of the entity.
“Not like you think.” The spirit followed the captain’s every move. “We give you powers you cannot imagine. You have excellent physical strength, but we can make it even more than you could dream.”
“Yes, you can promise the moon yet deliver nothing.” Tom jumped out of the alien’s shape. “We’ve heard of promises like yours.”
As the alien became enraged, all the humans, including Mitchell, vanished. Nothing was left but the aliens.
Rocky looked up from his station. “Sir, the ALFs have disengaged, sir.”
Richards came to the station. “Have they learned anything?”
“Sir! The doors are coming fast, sir!” Rocky monitored his screens. “The ALFs have learned that the spirits want to feed off our energy, sir. That is all, other than promising to make us stronger. ETA, ten mics, sir.”
“Evasive Maneuver Bravo-Charlie 5-2!!” The general yelled.
All ships vanished as the doors opened and began to scoop up everything in their path. They finally stopped. However, they found not one human vessel. So the aliens resumed the search for their elusive prey. They checked every star system they found … nothing.
Meanwhile, on the USS Washington, the crew began to awaken from their sudden slumber. On the main screen was the space station Tu Do.
Richards assumed command. “Let’s get docked and see what we can do about our captured comrades.”
Hunter came to him. “Sir, I need to speak with you privately, please, sir.”
The general showed him to a small room just off the bridge. They went there and closed the door behind them. “What is it?”
“We can’t use our technology against this enemy, sir.” Hunter turned to face his commander. “It’s the whole point of this test, sir.”
Mike put his hands on his hips. “What do you suggest, Hunter?”
“Talk to Dusya, sir.” Corey held his hands out to his superior. “That’s what he wants us to do. He wants us to depend on him every moment, sir.”
Mike dropped his hands as he sighed. Then, he looked Hunter in the eye. He paused. “Oh, alright! Let’s go out and call on Dusya.” Richards led Corey back to the bridge.
On the bridge, the general stood at his command chair. “Give me your attention, Everybody! That’s all the ships included! We need the help of Dusya, the local diety. He has helped us before, and now we need him again. If we are to survive this invasion, we must have his help. Our technology is useless against spirits. So everyone, call on Dusya to help us.”
Everyone bowed their heads while many knelt or prostrated themselves. Most mumbled their words, and others remained silent.
Richards looked up and saw the wall of doors converging on their locale.
Corey came to him. “It’s our Red Sea experience, sir. Just wait and see what happens.”
The wall of doors began to open like clouds rolling back, which revealed another wall that did the same. The humans slowly moved through the opening in the walls as they passed through wall after wall of doors.
When they came out on the other side of the walls, they returned to their Romasu heading.
“Sir, I recommend we stop at the next station, sir.” Russell looked up from his screen at his chair. “We’re getting low on fuel and supplies, sir.”
“Understood.” Richards turned to the helmsman. “What’s the nearest station, Helmsman?”
“Nukai Station in the Nukarii System. It’s a three-month trip, sir.” The helmsman prepared to enter the course. He awaited the order.
“To Nukai Station, it is.” Richards strolled to Samson. “We need to check on our Troops in the brig. Hopefully, they are now free of their spirit captors.”
“Let’s hope, sir.” Samson left his station as a replacement came.
When the two arrived at the brig, the troops were still as they left them. The unconscious Troops lined the walls, grouped like rifles at a camp, and many on the bunks. The two stood outside the cell, which contained Mitchell. Samson, who monitored the spirits' Troops, showed the monitor to Richards as he panned the area. He shook his head.
“Then, let’s wake them up and get them fed.” Mike turned to Dr. Collins and nodded.
She pressed a button on her tablet, and all the men awoke with a start.
The men moaned as they rubbed their bellies.
Mitchell came to the wall near Richards. “What are we doing here, sir?” He rubbed his belly. “It’s dinner time already?”
“It’s been a while, Captain.” Richards stepped cautiously to the bars. “I’ll explain in the debriefing tomorrow.”
The next day, Mitchell was back on duty. He inspected his Troops for their morning roll call. As he walked through the ranks, he noticed a strange glimmer at the other end of the row. Then, it was gone. Mitchell shook his head and continued with the inspection.
When he finished, the captain came to the front and center position. “We can’t let our guard down yet. We have indications the spirits are still around, waiting to attack again. Notify your superior anytime you notice any unexpected issues. Don’t be hesitant to do so. Unfortunately, we don’t have much time to respond to any attack. Sgt. Houghton has your duty assignments for today. Sergeant!”
Houghton came to Mitchell, who passed on the command. Mitchell left the room. Houghton started to give out the assignments.
Later in the day, Mitchell walked down a corridor in gym clothes. He carried his shirt as sweat covered him. A woman came toward him. She smiled and ran a hand down his chest. He bounced his chest as he smiled back. He looked back at her, but she was gone. He turned back around with a confused look.
Mitchell entered his compartment and went to the intercom. “General, this is Mitchell over.” He waited.
“This is Richards. What do you have?” The general’s voice came back.
“I have two sightings of spirits among us, sir.” Mitchell removed his shoes and socks. “They’re still with us, sir.”
“Affirmative, Captain. We’re getting reports all over the fleet.” The general’s voice acknowledged. “Come to the bridge when ready.”
“Yes, sir!” Mitchell removed his shorts.
“Richards, out!” The intercom turned off.
Mitchell turned around quickly when he felt a small hand swat him on his bum. It was Tommy who smiled back at him. Tom smiled and signed to his mute son. “What was that for?”
“You have a big bum, Daddy.” Tommy silently giggled. “Home from exercise?”
“Yes, guilty on all counts, sir!” Mitchell started toward the lavatory as he carried his sweaty clothes. “Need to shower.” He voiced as he entered the bathroom.
Inside, he put his clothes in the reciprocal, removed his jockstrap, and put it in his clothes. As he stepped into the shower, he turned it on. He allowed the hot water to fun down his body. He lathered up the soap in his hand and covered his body with it. Then, he rinsed.
When he began to wash his hair, he felt someone start to caress him. He cleared his eyes and saw the woman from earlier as she felt his body. Tom backed away suddenly. She followed him wherever he went. Finally, he left the shower with shampoo still in his hair. The woman came after him with her clothes all wet. He evaded her seduction.
Mitchell stepped carefully out of the shower and wrapped his towel around him. “Who are you? What do you want?”
The woman said nothing. She waved her hand, and Tom’s towel vanished.
The door opened, and Tommy entered quickly. He stopped when he saw the woman with his father.
Tom signed to his son, “She’s an alien who has taken on the form of a woman.”
“I gotta go!” He signed back as he danced.
Tom left the room, and the woman vanished. Tom went straight to the intercom and punched the button. “General Richards, this is Mitchell, over!”
“Richards here!”
“Got another sighting in my quarters, sir.” Mitchell watched over his compartment. “The aliens are taking on the human form of someone in the person’s memory,  sir. They’re trying to trick us into submitting, sir.”
“Understood! We are getting the same reports from all over the fleet. I need you back on duty.”
“Yes, sir! I just need to dress, sir.” The captain looked back at the intercom as he prepared to push the button.
“Richards out!”
Tom pressed the button and rushed to his room. He quickly dressed and ran out of the room as Tommy came out of the restroom.
Tommy signed, “Your soap is in your hair.”
Tom sighed and went to rinse his hair and then dashed out.
Contents



CHAPTER 10 Who is Who?

Mitchell dashed into his office as others scurried about with prisoners. Then Tom found the general at the cells. “What’s happening, sir?”
“The aliens are pretending to be Troops and causing havoc. We need to find a way to distinguish the real troops from the fakes.” The general finally turned to his captain.
“Doc should be able to tell real fast, sir.” Mitchell went to the intercom. “Dr. Collins, this is Captain Mitchell, over!”
“Dr. Collins here. What can I help you with, Captain?” Her voice came back.
“We are having a problem with the aliens pretending to be our Troops. Can you help us distinguish the real from the fake?” Mitchell glanced puzzledly at the general.
“Sure, you in your office?” Her voice began to break up.
“Affirmative, ma’am.” He answered as he watched the general whisper to a Marine.
“I’m on my way.” She sounded rushed.
Mitchell pressed the button as he went to Richards. When he reached him, the general turned around. “There a problem, sir?”
“No, no, there isn’t. Just getting some info from the Troops.” The general turned back to the Soldier. However, he wouldn’t say anything until Mitchell stepped away. Mitchell stayed within earshot of the general.
Soon, Dr. Collins arrived with a box of small devices. Mitchell met her at the door, and he quietly explained the situation. She briefed the captain on the tools and their use. The captain took one and tried it out on the men in the room. To his surprise, the men in the cell were the real ones. The ones outside were the fakes, including the general. He took out his weapon and commenced the attack on the impostors. However, their bodies vanished. Mitchell released the actual troops and handed them each a device. He sent them out to take out all impostors.
Hunter and Horn went straight to the bridge for their duty stations. While there, they used their devices, covertly, to check for aliens. They each found the staff to be all fakes. When they came to the general, Captain Russell, Samson, and Rocky, they were real. Hunter and Horn shot the impostors, who vanished.
“What’s going on, Private?” Richards scolded angrily, a skeptical expression that changed to concern as Hunter explained the situation. “Second shift, report for duty – now!”
As the second shift entered the bridge, Hunter and Horn scanned each one. They shook their heads each time, notifying the general of the impostors. These were dealt with by phaser fire. Soon, the genuine second shift entered the bridge and checked out as authentic. They each went to their stations and commenced their duties.
Hunter located an error in the heading. “Sir, we are headed to a door in a nearby system.”
Richards turned to the helmsman. “Correct our heading!”
Helmsman made several attempts to correct the course. “Unable to do so, sir. The computer is locked on the current course, sir.”
“Hunter, replace the helm module.” Richards rushed to the front panel of the helm. He peeled away the metal covering as Hunter came with a new helm module. The general exchanged the modules. Then, he fixed the panel as best he could. “Reset our location.”
“Resetting, sir!” The helmsman worked fast. “It’s taking, sir. We’re now heading to our proper destination, sir.”
Corey left with the defective module as Richards resumed his watch of the screens.
Mitchell came to the bridge as he passed out more devices to detect fakes. After he explained their use, he handed one to the general. “Sir, we have passed them out on all ships. This trick should help until the spirits figure out how to fool the devices.”
“That shouldn’t take too long. But, unfortunately, our technology is not of much help.” Richards turned around to someone else who needed his attention. “Yes, Captain?”
“I’m here to relieve you, sir.” The captain stood at attention.
Mike hung his head a moment. Then, he looked at the captain. “Very well. Check with Captain Mitchell on what’s going on.”
“Yes, sir!” He saluted.
Richards returned the salute and left the bridge.
In the Richards compartment, Jacob was doing his homework on the table between the beds. As he finished, Jonathan came in dressed in his gym clothes. He dove headlong on his bed. Jacob eagerly went to his big brother and plopped on his brother’s hips. He looked confused as he waited. Nothing happened. The younger boy started to bounce on his brother’s bum. Still, nothing happened.
Jacob reached between his legs and slapped his brother’s hip. “Hey! Is there something wrong with you today?”
Jonathan rolled over, which made his little brother fall off.
The little guy crawled to his sibling and placed his hands on the elder’s chest. He waited and waited. Then, he began to push his brother’s chest up and down in an alternating fashion. When he stopped, he looked frustrated.
Jonathan sat up, confused. “Leave me alone, kid!”
There was the sound of someone in the other room, accompanied by a door that closed. Jacob hurried out to the person.
In the other room, Jacob tugged the strap of his father’s slacks. “Dad, something’s wrong with Jonathan!”
Richards looked down at his son. “What’s the problem?”
“He’s not himself, Dad! He came home and plopped on his bed! I hopped on his backside, and he didn’t make me bounce! Then, after he made me fall off, I put my hands on his chest, and he didn’t make his chest jump! He would be nude by now, Dad! Something is wrong with him! You gotta check ‘im out!”
Mike went to the boys’ room, and there stood Jonathan devoid of any expression. Richards took the device from his pocket and read the status of his son.
The door opened, and in came Jonathan with Samson.
Jacob looked at his two brothers. “Oh, oh, this is ruck for sure!”
Mike took another device from another pocket and shot a ray at the first Jonathan. The boy went into spasms and fell to the floor.
Samson rushed to the comm. “Captain Mitchell, this is Samson!”
“This is Mitchell! What do you need?”
“Sir, we captured a spirit. The General is holding him an energy lock. Come to his quarters ASAP! Bring a container.”
“Will do!” Mitchell’s voice came back.
Samson went to the general as Richards reshot the fake Jonathan. “They must be bound by our laws when they are in human form. We can capture more. Maybe that will keep them away from us.”
The real Jonathan came up to them. “How’d you know he was the fake one?”
“He wouldn’t show off his chest muscles or make me bounce on his bum.” So, Jacob put his arm around his big brother’s waist.
Mitchell rushed in with two Soldiers, who carried a coffin-like box. He motioned the Soldiers to go to the alien. The others moved out of the way as the troops prepared to place the alien in the container.
When the alien was in the container, one Soldier pressed some buttons on a keypad. The box blinked repeatedly. They carried the coffin out of the room.
Mitchell started to leave. “That should hold the intruder, sir. But, we’ll keep guards on it just in case.” He left the compartment as Mike headed to his room.
Jonathan went to his closet, where he looked inside and searched through his shorts. There were no more yellow shorts. He pulled a white pair from the stack, left it on the shelf, and removed his gym clothes. After he put his clothes in the hamper, he took a towel and his clean shorts. The boy headed for the lavatory with the cloth down the front.
Mike stood in his doorway as Jonathan came out of the restroom. “What are you doing in Jacob’s shorts?”
Jonathan stopped and looked back at his father. “They’re my shorts. They fit fine. What’s wrong with them?”
“They don’t even cover your fanny!” Richards stepped toward him. “The slits on the sides spread so far you can’t call them ‘sides’ anymore. You can see right through the back! Get your ship’s uniform on!”
“I can’t!” The boy turned around to face his Dad. “They don’t fit anymore. All I wear are shorts and tank tops.”
“Get in your room and get your sweatpants on!” Mike pointed angrily at the boys’ room. “They’re black, and people can’t see through them. Now, get dressed!”
Jonathan reluctantly went to his room. Mike shook his head, went to the window, and gazed out at the stars.
After a short while, Jonathan came out dressed in his black sweatpants. Jacob followed him to the other room.
“Do you need someone to dress you or something?” Mike came to his boys. “Jacob, get his white polo shirt.” He turned his attention back to the older boy as Jacob hurried back into his room. “If you want to show off your muscles, you need to know how.”
The younger boy rushed back with the shirt.
Dad took the shirt. “Take that, whatever it is, off and put this on. To show off, you need a shirt that fits close to your body.
Jonathan put on the polo shirt and adjusted it.
Mike stepped around the boy. “Here.” He pulled the sleeve up. “You need to push up the sleeves so the girls can see your arms.”
Jonathan did it to his other arm. He flexed both arms.
“Last thing. Did you put anything on under your sweatpants?” Dad looked at his son with his hands on his hips.
“What difference would that make?” The boy let his arms down.
Mike hung his head as he shook it and turned toward the door. “Let’s go before all the food is gone.”
They left the compartment with Jacob in tow.
Mitchell strolled with his wife and son down a corridor with many people meandering about the hall. The Mitchells made their way through the crowd. As they did, Tom noticed the people started to look at them strangely. The Mitchells picked up the pace as the people began to close the open areas of the corridor. The lights flickered, which caused things to appear as jerky scenes of some horror movie.
Suddenly, the lights went dark. The emergency lights didn’t even light. Tom reached for his family. He searched as hands started to cover him.
Just as suddenly, the lights came back. There was no one but Tom and Carolyn. They were frantic as they searched for Tommy. Finally, they turned a corner and found Tommy as he sat in shock. He stared straight ahead.
Carolyn rushed to him and held him close as he failed to respond to her caress. Tom had a puzzled expression. He took a small device from his pocket and held it out toward his son. He knelt beside his wife and showed her the device’s reading.
“NO!! It must be wrong!”
Contents



CHAPTER 11 Decisions

Jonathan and Ted entered the gym.
Ted sported his fatigues as he commenced to unbutton his shirt. “Come with me into the locker room.”
They both entered as Jonathan’s eyes darted about the room nervously.
Ted removed his shirt as he went to an open locker. “Why do you wear your gym clothes to the gym? Why not just change here?”
Jonathan continued to be vigilant. “Some of the big enhanced guys try to force me to have sex with them whenever I come in here.”
“I won’t let them do anything to you.” Ted put his boots and socks in the locker. He undid his pants.
“Oh, great!” Jonathan returned as Ted removed his pants, which revealed he had nothing on under his uniform.
“What’s the matter?” The older man went to the end of the aisle.
“It’s just the boys who try to molest me.” Jonathan tried to hide.
Ted poked his head around a locker. “I see them. I won’t let them do anything. The four punks with him could pose a small problem.” Ted came back down the aisle while he did some stretches. He spun around when the gang reached the row. “Need something, Gentlemen?”
Nathaniel stepped forward and looked down at the smaller SEAL. “I’m here for pint-size over there. What’s it to you?”
“As the adult around here, I oversee Jonathan. You want to talk to him. You come through me.” Jenkins stood relaxed but ready for anything.
Nathaniel just brushed his hand against the SEAL and knocked him over the bench and into the lockers. The big boy strutted down the aisle toward Jonathan. He watched his prey remain motionless.
Jenkins stood while he held his right shoulder and worked it around. Then, he regained his composure as he walked up to the massive boy. “You sure don’t show any respect for your elders.”
“What are you going to do about it?” Nathaniel turned to look at his adversary.
“Teach you some manners, Boy!” Ted stepped over the bench as he took up a boxing stance.
“You’re no match for me, Fool!” The massive boy turned back to Jonathan.
Ted gave the boy a kidney punch to the right side. The blow sent the boy to his knees. Nathaniel swung an arm back as Ted jumped over the arm, which allowed the limb to smash into the lockers. The blow bent the lockers over. Jenkins landed on his feet, ready for another punch. Then he struck the kid in the face. He left the bully with a swollen eye.
The four other kids came and grabbed Ted by the limbs. Ted tried to kick free, but the kids were too much for him.
“We got ‘im!” bellowed out one of the friends.
Nathaniel stood as he breathed deep and slow. He turned to show the closed eye and the expression of a lion about to pounce on its prey. “I’m gonna enjoy this meal. Make him assume the position.”
The friends turned Ted around and bent him over.
Ted fought to get free.
As Nathaniel came close, he suddenly cried out and stood straight. Then, he collapsed on the floor. Jonathan stood behind him with his boxing stance. He stepped over the big boy, ready to take on the friends. The friends released Ted, then came after Jonathan. Ted and Jonathan attacked them back and back. The big boys fought back two-on-one as they threw Ted around like a rag doll. Then the SEAL collapsed unconscious while the friends stripped Jonathan of his gym clothes. Then, they forced him to the floor while each friend took their turn with their victim.
Later Mitchell came into the locker room with several MPs. They checked every row with MPs on each end of the rows.
“Captain, I’ve found them!” So came a voice from the back of the room.
Mitchell and the others converged on the source of the sound quickly. There the MPs found Ted and Jonathan unconscious and severely beaten. The attackers were nowhere around. Mitchell tried to revive the two men. However, he failed. An MP brought their clothes. 
After photos of the crime scene and other activities, Mitchell gave the order to clothe the men. The medics arrived with two stretchers, loaded up the victims, and checked them out. The lead practitioner reported to Mitchell.
“The Richards boy, the attacker/attackers, sexually assaulted him as well.” She handed a report to Mitchell. “We took a swab of the mouth and should have the DNA of the attackers. That should give us their IDs.”
“Thank you. Get the boys to sickbay ASAP.” Tom handed back the report.
“Yes, sir!” The lead medic gathered her people and patients and left.
Mitchell called a junior officer. The man arrived. “Go through the videos of this section and find the incident. I need to see it.”
“Yes, sir!” The man left with Mitchell, who left the team to finish the investigation.
The next day, Jonathan came into his bedroom in his shorts and went to his bed. He laid on his stomach and faced the wall. Jacob watched from his bed. Then, he went to his big brother and sat on his bum. When there was no response, the little brother laid on Jonathan’s massive back.
“Squirt, what are you doing?” Jonathan rolled and sat up.
Jacob fell off and quickly sat on his brother’s lap. “I just want to be with you.”
“I got to go take a shower.” Jonathan scooped up his little brother in his arms and went to his closet to pull out a towel. Then, he went to the lavatory, where he stood his admirer before going in for a shower.
Jacob entered the room and stood watching his big brother take off his shirt. He handed it to his worshiper, posed his upper body, and then removed his shorts and thong. He gave them to Jacob. Jonathan posed for his brother. After that, Jonathan went into the shower stall and started his shower. Jacob watched through the glass door.
A hand grabbed Jacob by the shoulder and led him out of the room. “Let him take his shower. You don’t need to worship him every second.”
“Dad, he’s almost as big as you now. He shows off. Why don’t you?” Jacob looked up at his father.
“Why is it so important to you?” Richards put his hands on his hips.
“I don’t know. I just like to see big musclemen. I feel safe around them. I want to be like them.”
“You take it a bit too far, Tiger. Tone … it … down.” Mike went into his room with Jacob in tow.
“Will you show off, Dad?” The boy hopped on the bed.
“Why?” Richards plopped next to his son with a heavy sigh.
“Because I want to look up to you.” The boy felt his father’s massive arm.
Mike took a deep breath and let it out. He flexed the arm. His son ran his hand over the peak and around every centimeter of the bicep. The general removed his shirt and posed his upper body. Jacob explored his father’s body. He was delighted when the chest started to bounce in multiple patterns. The general began to do his posing routine as Jacob admired his physique. Finally, Mike picked up his boy and carried him into the living room, where he left his admirer.
Jonathan came out with the towel in front of him. He used it to dry off his body. Jacob rushed to him and wrapped his arms around his brother’s giant legs.
The door chimed. Richards went to answer it. When the door opened, Mitchell was there.
“Sir, may I speak with Jonathan?” He entered with the general’s motion.
“What do you need, Tom?” Jonathan stood with his admirer still engrossed.
“I need to talk to you about what happened and see if you are willing to testify against the boys who attacked you.” The captain looked down at the little boy who ran to the much bigger body and clung to him. “May I talk to your brother?”
“If I can stay with you.” Jacob smiled up at him.
Mitchell picked the boy up with one arm and carried him to the bench. “Jonathan, come and have a seat. This interview may take a while.”
Jonathan sat next to the captain and threw his towel over his shoulder.
“We have Nathaniel and his four friends in custody now. We have videos of their attack on you and PO Jenkins. We also have videos of acts that can be used against you by the other side. I must ask you questions that may be very uncomfortable for you. I’ll need you to give me honest answers. Can you do that?” Mitchell studied Jonathan’s reactions as Jacob opened the captain’s shirt and felt the big chest. The captain started to bounce his chest as Jacob opened his shirt.
“What videos could they use against me? Jonathan looked at his father and then the captain with shock on his face.
“Several videos appear, though not conclusively, appear to show you having sex with each of the boys.”
“I never had sex with any of them!” Jonathan saw the storyline build before him. He looked worriedly at Mitchell and his father. His breathing became shallow and rapid.
“It’s okay, Jonathan.” Mitchell put an arm around him. “We can say the angles of the videos are deceiving and don’t show the truth. There’s no need to panic. Just be aware of the videos, and there might be more. Knowing this, do you want to go forward with the case?”
The teen stared at the floor for a while. “Yes.” He sighed. “They must pay for what they did and stop them from doing it to others.
“Very well.” The captain took his arm away. “I’ll get the case going. Stay away from them and their friends. When you go to the locker room, make sure you have one of the enhanced Troops with you. That will keep you out of trouble.”
“Okay.” The boy looked to his Dad.
Mitchell left the compartment as Richards looked at his son. “You should dress more modestly, going around the ship.”
“But I like the attention, Dad!” Jonathan started toward his room.
“Your brother gives you enough attention. You don’t need the whole ship’s.” Mike followed him to the doorway.
Jacob went to his Dad and hung on to the back of the waistband.
“But the girls like to see me in shorts.” The boy plopped on his bed with his towel between his legs.
“Your shorts are about four sizes too small. Get new uniforms that fit and turn in your old ones.” Mike went to his room with his youngest still attached. He stopped and looked down at the youngster. “Why are you following me? Go to your brother.”
“You’re bigger.”
The father turned the boy back and took him to his room. Jacob went to his brother, stood between the massive thighs, and hugged his brother. The big boy laid on his bed with his little brother still on him.
“What you going to do, Muscles? Dad wants you to dress now.” The boy crawled on his brother’s chest.
“No one minds me wearing shorts to school. The girls like it.” Jonathan put his hands behind his head.
“They’re going to know you’re enhanced soon, and then they won’t like it.” Jacob grabbed his brother’s arms and pulled himself up as his brother bounced his arms.
The next day, Jonathan went to the Quarter Master to exchange his clothes. When it was his turn, he put his old clothes on the counter and explained the situation.
The man at the desk had the boy step around to the measuring section. He quickly took the measurements and entered them into the tablet. “They’ll be ready in two days.”
“Thank you.” Jonathan left the facility.
He came to a junction, where he ran into his nemesis. Nathaniel walked up to Jonathan and pushed his massive chest into the shorter boy’s face. “You’re no match for me, Richards.” Jonathan stepped back a bit. The big boy picked up the smaller and looked him in the eye. “You’ll never win your case. You’re gonna pay for it, Richards.”
“You’re not supposed to come near me!” The Richards boy shouted at the nemesis.
“What are you going to do about it, Ant!” Nathaniel glared at his prey.
“He’s right, Mister!” Mitchell’s voice came from behind the big boy.
Nathaniel turned around as he stood his prey back on the floor.
“Put your hands behind your back,” Mitchell ordered the boy as he took the unique cuffs from his belt. He cuffed the boy. “You’re under arrest for violating a court order. You will go back to jail and stay there until the matter is over.”
“Thank you, Captain.” The young Richards saluted Mitchell.
The officer winked as he led his captive away.
By the time Jonathan reached home, his father had come out of the boys’ room. “Did you get your clothes ordered?”
“Yes, sir!” Jonathan removed his shirt. “They will be ready in about two days. Squirt in the bedroom?”
“Yes, and he’s working on his schoolwork. Leave him be. Just get ready for supper.”
“Yes, sir. But he won’t leave ME alone.” So the boy went into his room.
Jacob rushed to his brother. He suddenly stopped as his brother opened his closet. “Boy, did you work out?”
“Yeah, so what?” He grabbed shorts and a towel. The boy removed his sweaty shorts, then put them in the hamper. He left the room with Squirt right behind. Jonathan stopped short. “Do you have to follow me everywhere?”
“Yup!”
The big boy hurried to the restroom and locked the door. Jacob stood at the door with a pout.
Soon, the water sounds came through the door. Squirt shuffled the tiny feet back to the boys’ room. As Jonathan came back into the room, Jacob finished his homework. The older boy held the towel in front of him as he checked his supplements on one of the shelves. He started to take them as his kid brother tried to get him to pose.
Jacob reached up to his brother’s arm to squeeze it. Jonathan flexed the bicep while his brother admired its peak. First, the big boy bounced his chest with all the might possible; then, the poser bent down so his worshipper could access the shredded mass. Then the little guy succumbed to the enormous boulders. Jacob’s eyes were saucers.
Mike snatched Jacob away while the older sibling took his pills, powders, and whatnot. Jonathan picked out another pair of shorts with care. After the teen donned them and checked his scenery, approved, he joined his family for supper. Richards shook his head as he lowered his chin. The group marched out.
Days later, Jonathan, dressed in the ship’s uniform, found himself on the witness stand in Court. The judge was seated next to him with the defense attorney before him. Knowing the gravity of the question the attorney asked, the young man was perplexed. How does he answer without making himself appear a willing participant?
Contents



CHAPTER 12 Justice For All

Jonathan continued to contemplate his response. Then, the old attorney hollered in his face.
“What’s your answer, Boy?” The attorney leaned in the boy’s face as he continued to yell at the top of his lungs. Then, he pounded the railing so hard, Jonathan jerked so hard it hurt his neck.
Jonathan glared at his foe with piercing daggers his Dad often used on him. “Your question is twisted at best. You want an answer, but you want your answer, not the real answer. The way you have your question worded makes my answer fit a lie no matter how I answer. I cannot, under oath, answer your question the way you worded it. So, if you want an answer, please, reword your question so I can answer honestly.”
“You will answer the question put to you, Child!” The attorney chided young Richards.
“Mr. Coles, you are talking to a 17-year-old, not an attorney!” Sutter blasted the Counselor with his gavel extended as if to bop the lawyer on the head. “You will talk to him in plain English, no tricky questions that you can twist to mean anything you want. Or, you will lose the right to question him. Understood, Coles?”
Coles glared at the boy and lowered his head as he let out a woeful sigh. “Yes, your Honor.” Coles nodded to Sutter, then looked at his prey with a destained look. He pondered for a moment. “Let’s see. How shall I word this for a ‘Child’ to understand?”
“Counselor!!!!” Sutter practically blew out the room’s exterior windows with his voice. “Stop the editorial and get to the point if you have one.”
“I’m getting to it, your Honor.” The attorney almost sassed the judge.
“Then, quit the theatrics and the editorial side-shows and get on with the point!” Sutter shook his gavel at Coles, almost throwing it at him.
“How do you account for the videos showing you with my clients having sex?” Coles made every word clear to the jury and the audience. “Can you understand that, Boy?”
“Coles, you are out of order!!!” Sutter blasted again, which made the whole room cringe from the pain of their eardrums. “I’ve told you enough times to stop this behavior! Your questioning of this witness is over!!!”
Jonathan looked to the judge calmly. “I will answer him, your Honor.” He, then, looked squarely at the man. “Since the video is not clear and cameras do not show the actual distances between objects, it can mean anything you wish. I was five feet away from any of them at all times. How can that have any sexual meaning? There was no sex with anyone. I was on my knees because they had beaten me before the scene shown in your quote ‘Evidence’ end quote. So, your quote ‘Evidence’ end quote is a lie and not admissible in any court.”
Some in the audience applauded Jonathan.
Sutter banged his gavel. “Order in the Court!!!”
The crowd went silent.
“You don’t know anything, Kid!” Coles bellowed in Jonathan’s face. “The evidence and consensual sex are proven! You can’t argue with video evidence!”
“Objection, your Honor!!” The prosecutor called out as she stood.
“Objection, sustained!” Sutter hit the table with his gavel. “Nothing is proven, Coles. You are supposed to be an officer of the court. So, you must go for the truth, not the win! So, get in line or be disbarred, -- Mister!!” 
“Your Honor, it does prove the sex was consensual!” Coles bellowed back as he struck the railing.
“Coles, get your head on straight!” The prosecutor looked sternly at her opponent. “The angle of the video is inconclusive at best. The depth perception of the video is deceiving and, therefore, cannot show anything admissible. Everyone knows that 2D images cannot show the distance between objects. The video is also out of context, anyway. So, where is your real evidence?”
“I have statements from several boys who state that the boy had sex regularly with my clients.” Coles was smug with his answer. “He has no one to substantiate his claims. The burden of proof is on him, not my clients.”
“In the overall case, that is true. However, whether or not your ‘Evidence’ is admissible is quite another issue. To have it admitted, you have to prove its authenticity and relevance to the case. You cannot just provide any picture you want.” The prosecutor put one hand on the table as she leaned on it with the other hand on her hip. “So, provide your admissible ‘Evidence.’”
“Okay, I call Steven Lockey to the stand!” The attorney turned toward the audience with a theatrical flair.
A thin boy of about 13 years old came forward sheepishly. Coles put an arm across the boy’s shoulder to comfort him as he led Lockey to the witness stand. As Steven took his seat, the prosecutor and Jonathan conferred on an issue. Jonathan nodded to her and leaned back as Coles took his place next to the witness stand.
Coles turns to his witness, “Mr. Lockey, what do you know about what goes on in the locker room on Charlie-Deck?”
Steven kept an eye on Coles as the attorney walked over to Jonathan’s table. “It is a popular place for the big guys to hang out and get the smaller guys to worship their bodies.”
“Do you ever get involved in any of that activity?” The attorney stood next to Jonathan as he made sure the witness looked at the plaintiff.
“No, sir!” The boy replied as he refused to make eye contact with anyone. “I was forced into it by the big guys. They would come to us smaller guys and push us into a corner and press their large bodies against us.”
“Was sex ever involved?” Coles leaned on the table.
“Not with me, sir.” Steven still would not make eye contact, and he began to fidget more as time passed.
“What did they do with you during this time of the encounter?” Coles leaned forward to stress his question.
“They would just convince us to worship their bodies.” Lockey could not sit still at all. He wrung his hands, and tears began to trickle down his quivering cheeks.
“What did you do during this time, Mr. Lockey?” Coles started to make his way to the witness.
“I went along with it at first.” Lockey clamped his eyes closed as if to shut something horrible out of sight.
“At first?” Coles tried to make eye contact. “This is not the testimony you gave during discovery. Which story is to be believed, Mr. Lockey?”
Steven started to shake as he fought to get out his words. “At first, I was fascinated by their size. It was so unreal. I felt their muscle for the first time and was shocked by how hard all that muscle was.”
“Okay, what happened later?” The defense attorney was burning his glare at the boy’s tortured face.
“They started to, you know….” The boy could not contain his emotions as he appeared to be remembering something too painful to express.
“No, I don’t know, Mr. Lockey. Now answer the question.” Coles studied his witness closely as if he was unsure what was going on in the boy’s mind. “Just last week, you told me nothing was going on at all. What’s changed? Did someone talk to you?”
Steve’s expression started to change to anger rather than torture. “The only one who talked to me was YOU!!” Lockey’s demeanor quickly changed to outrage as he began to burst forth with deeply hidden rage. “You kept after me to tell that all Jonathan went through was as a willing participant. It wasn’t!! They forced us into situations meant to satisfy the bigger guys’ heightened sexual urges!! They all groomed us for sex, just like those who used to do Human Trafficking through the 21st century.” He started to tear up as hidden rage began to pour out of him.
“Why are you changing your testimony? You gave me a completely different story last week.” Coles slammed his fist to the railing.
“You’re giving me false information?! What are you trying to do?”
The attorney started to pace before the witness. “How are we to know you’re telling the truth now? Which is it – Boy?” Coles stepped into Lockey’s face with the meanest expression he could muster.
“You’re just tryin’ to get me to lie!!” Steve shouted back in the attorney’s face as he stood from his seat. “Why not stick with the truth for once?” He slowly sat.
“Well, well, well!” Sutter leaned toward the attorney. “Why don’t we start with the truth, Counselor?”
Coles glared at the lad and softened his expression as he glanced at the judge. “The truth is, Your Honor, my clients were wrongfully accused, sir.” The defense retorted with a bit too much theatrics.
“Really?” Sutter muttered under his breath as he shook his head. “Just carry on, Counselor, and show some real professionalism, not that good-for-nothing theatrics!!”
The crowd cringed worse than ever.
“Yes, of course, Your Honor.” Coles turned back to the lad as he sent daggers.
After the trial, the prosecutor came to Coles. “Was that the best case you could present for your clients?”
Coles glared at her and walked away as if he were about to blow his stack.
“What’s going to happen now, ma’am?” Jonathan stood behind his attorney as she turned around to face him.
“There will be a sentencing hearing, and they will face, most likely, the maximum penalties. After that, I doubt they will ever bother you, or anyone else, again.” She returned to her table to pick up her pad.
The two left as people entered for the next case.
Contents



CHAPTER 13 Envy

Tommy huddled with countless other youngsters in a white room with a dense fog about their waist height. They could not see the floor or anything in the room. Yet, there did not seem to be any limit to the room, not even a corner.
Feeling a hand on his shoulder, Tommy spun around. No one was there. He heard strange sounds the others did not seem to notice. The sounds began to form words. Soon, they called his name. As the voices became more explicit, the boy cautiously moved toward the sounds. While he moved, the voices bounced around the room. Tommy stopped to glance around him.
“Don’t be afraid, Tommy.” A little girl’s voice came from his left.
He spun to his left yet saw no one.
The girl’s voice came closer. “We just want to be friends, Tommy.”
Tommy could only Sign, “Who are you?”
“We don’t have a name in your dimension’s languages. We don’t use sounds.” The voice replied.
“Do you Sign?” Tommy motioned to the voice. “We have many people here who do not use sound. They can talk to you without sound.”
“I can ‘Sign’ as you call it. However, our language is too different from yours.” The voice came back softly.
“You understand me. It should be the same as the others.” The boy explained as he tried to make his new friend feel comfortable. “My Daddy can help, too. He knows a lot! Where are you from?”
“From beyond your universe.” She gently came closer. “We don’t have physical forms or worlds like you.”
“Whoa!” He looked at her with big eyes and a wide-open mouth as she appeared. The boy reached out to her and tried touching her hand. Tommy passed right through her like nothing was there. He stepped back, quickly as if afraid of her.
She stepped toward him. However, he avoided her looking around at all the other kids, who did not seem to see her. “I won’t hurt you. I only want to be friends.”
“Whe … Whe… Where are we?” Tommy would not let her touch him. His eyes darted about the area as his lips quivered.
“We’re ‘Nowhere.’” She finally touched his shoulder. “We’re between your universe and ours. You can’t come to ours, but we can come to yours.”
“How’d you do that?” Tommy looked at her hand, still on his shoulder. “Why can you touch me, but I can’t touch you?”
“I am a spirit who can take on physical form.” She took Tommy by the hand. “Come with me.”
As they walked toward the bright “Wall,” they vanished.
Tommy saw a field with flowing grass, a brook, and many trees on the other side. He ran to the creek jumping with glee. There he watched the fish swim.
“I have never seen anything like this!” He signed with big joyous signs.
A beagle puppy ran up to him as it jumped up with its front paws on Tommy. The boy petted the new friend and knelt to enjoy the friendly animal.
“I never saw a real puppy before.” Tommy looked at the girl. “Can I keep him?”
“Sure! When you go home, take him.” She came and petted the dog as the dog licked Tommy’s face.
Tommy started to run through the tall grass with the puppy right behind. The boy tripped suddenly with a thud. He let out a scream that shocked him. “What happened?” He said in a perfect voice as he looked for the girl.
The girl was nowhere around. He stood and darted back to the first place he remembered. The puppy followed as the mist returned, and things became his home aboard the ship.
To his home, Tommy ran full force with the puppy in pursuit. As he entered his compartment, he ran straight into his father. “Daddy, Daddy, I saw a girl, and she gave me a puppy, Daddy!!”
Mitchell and Carolyn looked at each other and then back at the boy. Tom knelt before his son, “How did you say ‘Puppy?’” He looked on with concern.
Puzzled, Tommy, “My friend gave him to me, Daddy.”
The puppy tried to get Tom’s attention as Mitchell tried to stay focused on his son. “Who was that?”
“I don’t know, Daddy. She couldn’t tell me because of her language.” The boy replied to his father.  “They don’t use sounds, Daddy!” Then, the youngster turned his attention to his new friend. “Have a name, My Friend?”
The dog nodded to the boy, which made Mitchell a little nervous.
“Call me whatever, Tommy.” The dog jumped up on Tommy’s side. “We don’t use ‘Names’ as you do. We just know each other.”
Tom squatted to the canine. “How can you talk?”
“I’m not like your dogs and cats.” The dog sniffed at Mitchell. “I’m just a creature who took on a physical form little human boys like to have as a friend. We’ve studied your data for some time. It’s been many of your years since you have had any animals around.”
“Why are you invading this empire?” Tom watched as the small beagle came to him.
“Why did your people conquer one another all through your history?” The beagle sat in front of the large man.
“Many, not all, wanted to spread out their realms of influence for control, wealth, power, and other things.” He started to pet the animal. “It was the same theme, and the powerful always seek to control the less powerful. It is a common theme everywhere.”
“Might makes, right?’ as you say.” The dog jumped up on Mitchell’s lap with its front paws.
“Unfortunately, that seems to be the case.” Mitchell picked up the beagle as he stood. Tommy clung to his father. “Are you here to subdue the people here?”
“Of course, what’s wrong with that?” The dog sniffed. “You are too weak to stop us. So, we come to take control.”
“You might find more might than you might think.” Tom smiled at the dog as it withdrew its head in confusion. “There is more than one way to take on an adversary.”
“You haven’t encountered us before.” The beagle jumped down and sat beside Tommy, who looked at it nervously.
“Likewise, you haven’t encountered us before. We will repel you into your own universe.” Mitchell guided the boy away as the dog vanished.
Richards entered his office, followed by Mitchell. He stopped, turned around, and leaned on his desk. “What can I do for you, Captain?”
“Sir, after the aliens took Tommy, he came back with a beagle. The dog spoke fluent English, sir. He claims we are too weak to stop them from taking over, sir.” Mitchell stood at ease as he calmly related his account.
“That’s the first time they appeared as an animal of any kind. What’s up?” Mike stood straight as he crossed his arms.
“Just that the stronger overtake, the weaker forcing them into submission. The spirits see us as subservient things to conquer, sir. We are scum, as they used to say, sir.” Tom rocked as many Troops do.
“Sounds like much of human history. The rich companies decide who lives and who dies, what the people can have or not. What the people can do.”
“Yes, sir! Absolutely, sir!” Tom cringed when he noticed the general’s stern expression. “But we can overcome those tendencies, sir.”
“I’m not so sure, Captain.” The general let out a heavy sigh as he let his head drop while it shook. Then he looked up. “Get the Wannabes in here. Let us see what they can produce.”
“Yes, sir! Right away, sir!” Mitchell hurried out of the office.
Contents



CHAPTER 14 All Hands On Deck

The whole “Wannabe” team was in Hunter’s quarters for the physical training. First, Hunter took the group through their paces as Mitchell entered. Then, Hunter quickly called the group to attention.
Corey smartly approached the captain and reported to him without hesitation. “What’s up, sir?”
“I need you and your team to come with me. The general needs to talk to you.” Mitchell immediately left.
“Yes, sir!” Hunter motions for everyone to follow.
As they left the quarters, Scott appeared and fell in. William came to Hunter. “What’s happening?”
“Not sure.” Hunter glanced at his friend beside him. “We’re just told to come with the captain to see the general.” Hercules stopped in his tracks as he looked forward again.
The whole group searched a mist as they found the area had trees, among other plants. Corey felt the leaves of a young tree. He examined another plant, much bigger than the first. Its branches bent low and surrounded him as a steady breeze blew through the thin branches about him. As he walked out from under the enormous tree, he brushed the thin branches out of his way.
Scott stood before him as he emerged from the tree’s branches. “Where are we, Corey?” The man scanned the area keenly. “Where are the others? I don’t see anyone else.”
Hunter walked around in the knee-high mist that had become more of a fog. He felt something on the ground. Corey squatted and lifted something hefty. The young man jumped back as he saw the decayed body of an alien Soldier. The man immediately dropped the body as Carter stabilized him.
“Okay, Corey?” Carter patted his friend on the back while Hunter looked at him, shocked.
“I’ll be fine. It just surprised me.” Hunter gathered his composure.
Carter chuckled as he meandered away.
Corey continued his surveillance of the remote terrain.
“Hunter!” Mitchell’s command voice came from behind.
“Yes, sir!!” Corey gave a resounding reply.
“Get your mammoth bum over here, now!!!” Mitchell blasted the eardrums of everyone around him.
Hunter did an about-face to see the corridor again with everyone staring at him. Corey hung his head as he started to the formation. He quickly fell into the group as it proceeded.
When they reached the general’s office, Mitchell reached up to knock but paused. The captain stood there frozen. The team looked puzzled as they glanced at each other. Then Corey put a hand on the man’s shoulder without any response to him.
The door opened as Richards stepped out. The general was shocked at the sudden situation. “What happened?”
“Unknown, sir!” Corey turned to his superior in a snap. “He reached up to knock, sir, and he just froze, sir.” Hercules looked at Richards worriedly.
Richards reentered his office as he went to his intercom. “Medic to my office!”
“On their way, sir!” a feminine voice crackled back.
Mike gave the comm a confused look. Then he stepped back out to check his captain. As Richards gazed into Tom’s eyes, the captain snapped out of his trance as he shook his head while he cleared his eyes. “You alright, Captain?”
“I believe so, sir!” Tom regained his composure as the general turned back to his office, and the others followed.
While the group took their seats, Richards sat on his desk with one foot on the floor and the other dangling over the desk’s edge. He crossed his arms, “We need to figure out what to do with all these spirits around us.”
“Why would you need us, sir?” Hunter looked from Richards to each of his men. “Don’t you have your enhanced Troops, sir?”
“Sure! However, I need you guys to come up with some fresh ideas. Our technology doesn’t seem to be cutting it.” The general arched his back a bit and then sat straight. “These spirits are bent on conquering this empire. It’s up to us to stop the invasion. Any suggestions?”
“Ask Dusya, sir.” Hunter shrugged as he held out his hands. “We don’t have any other way to reach the spirit universe, sir. He’s spirit, so he should be able to reach them.”
“He’s from the spirit universe. How can we trust him?” Richards motioned a bit of confusion. “We need to handle this ourselves. Let’s have some ideas, Gentlemen!”
 The general tapped his foot as the men looked nervously at each other. They huddled for a few moments. Then suddenly sat straight as Scott appeared in their midst.
“Let me cross over and see what I can do there.” He scanned the others. “I should be able to do something there.”
“I could alter his programming and use it to close their doors to our universe permanently, sir.” Hunter pointed to Scott.
Scott looked at him wide-eyed in disbelief. “ ‘His programming?’ ‘His programming?’ What am I – a something?” He shook his head.
“Sorry, Scott.” Corey glanced at his friend and back at the general. “We can use his ‘Talents’ to take our program into their universe and shut them off, sir.”
“How would you get our programming to work under the unknown laws of their physics?” Carter put his hand on Hunter’s shoulder as he grinned at his friend. “We know nothing about their universe.”
Hunter put his hand on Carter’s shoulder. “Well, Friend, I’ll work on my end while you work on yours. We’ll meet in the middle, okay?”
“How am I going to examine their universe?” Carter motioned with his left hand. “We can’t enter it.”
“We can examine Tommy, Captain Mitchell’s son. He was there – and came back, I might add.” Hercules smiled at him, pointing a finger into the air.
Mitchell broke in as he looked wearily at the two Troops. “Hey! What are you two planning to do with my son? I won't let you speak to him!” Tom shook his finger at the man.
Hunter looked at his superior. “Enter the Father, sir.”
Tom threw his hands up as he looked away with a heavy sigh. He shook his head and then glared at the two. They both stared back innocently before they grinned ear-to-ear. Richards chuckled at the sight.
Richards looked over his men. “Any other ‘Sophisticated’ ideas?”
“Well, we certainly can’t wait for them to come out, sir.” Then, Harris, one of the quiet ones, debuted with a profound statement. He sheepishly glanced at the crowd as they each dropped their head when his gaze met their eyes. “What’s wrong with sayin’ that?”
“It doesn’t go too well with what the General asked.” Hunter mercilessly tapped his forehead at the young man.
“Okay, I get the point.” Harris shrunk back into the small group.
“Harris, get your bum back out here, now!!” Hercules reprimanded the rookie as if he was back in Bootcamp. “Engage Brain Before Mouth!” After the man came to him, Hunter got in his face and railed him. “It’s an old saying that means you had better get your act together, Boy!! Or your fellow Troops will take you through the ‘Wilderness’ ever so slowly. They don’t want to lose you anywhere along the pass.”
“Corporal, is any of this necessary, or do you just like pulling rank?” Harris stood like an ice statue in a hot desert.
Hunter came so near to the “Kid,” his eyes touched the victim’s eyes as the daggers pierced the “Boy’s” frozen pupils. “I don’t need your lip, Boy!”
“Is this some cheap Southern Movie Reject, Corporal? Cuz people dun’t talk like that no more.” Harris mocks Corey’s fake Southern Accent.
The others busted out with a laugh that nearly shook the ship.
The battle stations’ alarm sounded. The group dispersed.
As Richards and the others flooded the bridge, Captain Russell reported the situation. Richards sat at his command chair for the briefing.
“The doors came out of nowhere, sir.” Russell replayed the video report as Richards observed. “The fleet is currently in stealth mode, sir. Five vessels are disabled from unknown attacks.”
Hunter rushed to Rocky with a report.
Rocky examined his monitors as he barked his orders. “Drop shields, drop stealth, shut down all non-essential power!”
The general jumped to his feet as he stared at the main screen. “Report!!”
“Enemy is turning our power against us, sir!” Rocky looked up at his superior. “They’re draining our fuel, sir!” Rocky continued his sweep. “Ships report power down 50 percent or more.” The armory officer pressed buttons. “At this rate, sir, we’re dead in the water in two hours, sir!”
Richards and Mitchell came to Rocky’s station. “What about our extra power cells?”
“All reported drained, General.” Rusty tried to keep up with incoming messages. “Samson, I need your assistance to keep up with these calls.” He momentarily glanced at his friend.
“Starting to get Maydays, sir!” Samson called out as he worked his console hastily. “Nearly half the fleet is now on emergency power only, sir!” Samson glanced up.
Washington went dark. Richards went to the emergency hatch in the floor before the armory station. He reached in as he pulled levers and pushed others. Others raced to hidden doors in walls and floors as they, too, adjusted manual settings.
Power returned, albeit much lower. Samson and Rocky worked their buttons as they dealt with a flurry of activity. Both requested assistance from their aides.
Rocky looked the general in the eye. “All vessels report spirits invading them on all decks, sir! Troops are unable to stop them, sir! Many ships seized, sir!”
“We’re the final holdout, sir!” Samson threw up his hands. “They’ve taken control of all ships, sir! So what are we going to do, sir?”
All eyes were on the general as the lights went lower and lower. Richards thought intently. He stepped to Hunter, still at Rocky's station. “Bring Scott online.”
“Yes, sir!” Corey bellowed back. He hurried back to his station and pressed buttons as fast as he could. “Online, sir!” The man faced the general as Scott appeared next to their leader.
Scott glanced over his uniform. Then at Richards. “Scott reporting, sir!”
“I need you to take out those doors!” Mike pointed to the main screen.
“Yes, sir!” Scott vanished.
A ball of energy appeared on the deck. “Didn’t work, General!” Dusya’s voice echoed as all, but Corey and Mike collapsed. “How many times do you have to be told? Your technology won’t save you!” The light moved between the general and Hunter. “Life is more than the physical universe. Your technology can’t crossover, Mike. Until you learn your lessons, you’ll never find another home, and your tests will become much more severe.”
“What do you want from us?” Richards lashed out at Dusya. He immediately fell on his face crying out in anguish. So it continued until Mike relented his behavior. Then he rolled on the floor as he panted for air.
Corey cringed as he watched helplessly at his superior’s torment. Then, finally, the young man slowly approached the general and helped him to his feet. “I wouldn’t advise that, sir.”
Richards glanced at the man. “You think?” The general gathered his composure, took a deep breath, and looked at the floor without eye contact with Dusya. “Sorry, Dusya, I shouldn’t have acted that way.” Mike looked up slowly. “What is on the other side of the doors?”
“Eternity.” The light moved closer to the two humans. “Everyone must pass through their door into their eternity at some point. Where it leads depends upon this life of yours. Your current life will determine your eternity. Even your scheming is no secret and will send you to your worse nightmare imaginable for all eternity with no way out. It lies just beyond those doors. You’re always just one heartbeat away from eternity. What will you do with this heartbeat?”
“No one knows until they face that last beat.” Mike hung his head. “Eternity is the hardest thing to face in this life. We try so hard to cheat death because we don’t want to face it.”
“That’s true, Mike.” Dusya came to Corey. “Corey, what lies beyond the door for you?”
Corey’s eyes became saucers. “I’m no philosopher, sir.” He watched as the glowing ball moved around him. “I’d imagine … nothing, sir.” He looked into the ball in wonder. His eyes closed as a peaceful expression came over him. Hunter mimed feeling things all around him. He viewed unseen phenomena never seen before. Up and down, the corporal moved his searching hands as Hunter moved about the bridge with awe. He swallowed hard as he turned to speak. “Where am I?”
“The same place as before.” Dusya came to him and rested in front of the man. “You see possibilities of what can be yours. However, you have many lessons to learn first.” Dusya engulfed Hercules and rested again. “Faith is the key to Eternity, not sight. What is, is not. What is not is.”
Richards came over to Dusya. “Wooow! What is, is not? What is not is?”
“What’s so difficult to understand, Mike?” The lights inside the sphere changed and danced. “Your physical universe is not as real as you think. That doesn’t mean it’s an illusion. It just means it’s inside reality. What you see and feel is not all there is.”
“So what is ‘Reality?’” Richards tried to see an image inside the ball.
“Reality is all around you, and you can’t see or feel it. You can’t see, feel, or anything else of air. But, you can see, feel, and all else what it causes to happen.” Dusya moved away from the general as he froze in place. He came to Corey with the corporal’s eyes fixed on the entity. “You will have your team assembled in your quarters this afternoon. I will let you know the time.” Dusya vanished as both Richards and Hunter collapsed.
Contents



CHAPTER 15 The Deadliest Weapon of All

The team mustered in Corey’s compartment as it flowed through the door. Corey shook hands with each one, and each took a seat as they passed him. Hunter pulled up a chair in front of the half-circle.
Carter put his elbow on his knee and his hand on the other. “Well, Grandpa? What are the words of wisdom today?”
“Did you have a washer and dryer in your home when you grew up, Pappy?” Corey leaned on his knees. “Of course not!” Hercules sat up straight, throwing out his hands. “You never needed them! Dirt wasn’t invented yet, Pappy!” Hunter let his hands down to his knees.
The others broke into a roar of laughter as they patted Carter on the back. One guy wrapped his arm around Carter’s neck and rubbed his knuckles on top of his sergeant’s head. Carter pulled away and stood before the group as their laughter continues to resound off the walls.
“Okay, ‘Pappy!’” called out one of the guys. “Let’s hear some really, really old War Stories!!”
The crowd laughed all the louder as they came to tumble with the senior NCO. As they wrestled on the floor, Dusya appeared so bright all the men had to cover their eyes. Each backed away from his presence. The men untangled themselves to form two lines of five. Hunter surveyed his team, noticing Scott among them.
Dusya moved about the room. The men remained bowed entirely to the floor, silent. The brilliant diety slowly moved over each one, pausing on each. Finally, he came to settle on Hunter. “It is time for you to shine.”
“What do you have for us, sir?” Hunter’s voice revealed his fear of the entity hovering above him. “What is our new mission, Dusya?”
“You’re about to go where no one else can go.” Dusya moved to the front and center position. “I am going to send your spirits into the doors, and then I will reveal the rest at the proper time.”
The men fell asleep instantly as the lights lowered to minimal. Dusya faded from view. Hercules found himself in a hallway of one of the doors. The young man assessed the situation he encountered. Slowly, Corey began his search of the tunnels. Hunter noticed, in his tunnel, many spirits were moving about an area up ahead. He made his way toward them with extreme caution. The closer he came, the more the spirits moved. Finally, each seemed to move out of his way as the human moved past them.
Corey entered a side room, where he saw one spirit working what seemed to be a holographic computer system. The images on the virtual screen seemed unfamiliar to him and then morphed into standard icons of ideas he remembered back on earth. Hunter observed the spirit work that appeared as magic with his limited knowledge.
Dusya, what’s happening here? Why do I see human symbols? Corey approached the station, and the spirit left the image up as it faded from view. The Marine looked around and then attempted to repeat the alien’s actions. “What do I do?” He sat at the table and, with his eyes closed, mimicked the spirit’s activities again.
The screen reappeared and began to do things Corey couldn’t understand. When he opened his eyes, there before him were multiple images of life on earth. They were scenes he had never seen before; as a matter of fact, he didn’t remember anyone ever seeing these images through photographic history. These must have been from the Pre-War Era. How could that be? All such photos were supposed to have been destroyed when the War broke out worldwide. So, where did these come from? None of these things even exist anymore. Hercules walked around the table as he examined the images, which always faced him, no matter where he stood. The man retraced his steps, and the images stayed with him the whole time.
“What do you see, Corey?” Dusya’s voice resounded throughout the room.
“I’m not sure, sir.” The young man paused to scrutinize one of the pictures. “This is odd!” He leaned toward the photo and noticed his childhood image in the center of the boys. “I don’t remember this scene. It never looked this clear.” Corey looked around for Dusya. “Where did this photo come from? We always had to wear those spacesuits.”
“You’re inside the door to another universe.” Dusya’s voice boomed like thunder. “Things are different here. Your mission is not that photo. So, move on.”
“Yes, sir!” Hunter left the room to continue down the hall. Hercules found another room with a large group of spirits involved in actions he didn’t understand. They would separate into two entities and then rejoin another soul who had just done the same. He observed this process for several cycles. “Dusya, what are they doing?”
“Communicating with each other.” The diety’s voice seemed to answer from within Hunter’s head. “Not all races depend upon sound to communicate. Spirits have a multitude of media for this process.”
“How does this fit my mission, sir?” The Marine walked up to a group of souls. He cautiously stepped into the midst of them.
The spirits immediately withdrew a safe distance, paused, and then restarted the process at other locales. Corey walked around the room to see what the “Computers” did. He stopped at a 3D Holographic image of a sphere. As Hunter watched, the globe shrunk and then exploded. His eyes enlarged as he jumped back in surprise. Cautiously, the man approached again while the sphere reappeared. It changed into a wireframed globe with various strange formulas about the image. Hercules walked around it while observing the constant changes in the form.
“Do you understand, Corey?” Dusya’s voice rumbled through Corey’s head.
“I’m not sure, sir. It’s just an exploding sphere.” Hunter looked around for Dusya. There was only an empty room, except for him and what was before him. “What does it mean, sir?”
“How was Bohina destroyed?”
“The attempts to gain the general’s release triggered uncontrollable tectonic shifts in the planet, sir.” Hercules looked closer at the wireframed sphere. “This is the image of a Plasma Bomb?”
“Go to the head of the class, Young man.”
“They’re analyzing our weapon systems!!” Hunter bellowed. “How do I stop them?” Although the Marine frantically searched for Dusya, there was nothing there to see. By the time he looked back at the image, it was gone. The room was empty. He rushed from the room and hustled down the corridor into darkness.
Meanwhile, Carter made his way through thick, hanging cords of some unknown material that did not seem to have any end. He moved one clump coming face-to-face with one of his comrades. However, the Soldier did not react to him as the man continued his path. Carter looked confused. He followed the man to a wall where the Solider passed through the wall Carter could not. Immediately, the Marine started to retrace his steps.
The human bumped into a wall, which confused the man thinking, This isn’t right. Where’d this wall come from? He went to the right, finding another wall. Carter went back to the left only to find yet another wall. As he turned to return to his original arrival path, there was a fourth wall. Well, this is nice! What am I supposed to do now? Dusya? Carter felt the wall.
“Go through it, Jordan.” Dusya’s voice was soft and mellow.
“How?” Carter held out his hands in defeat.
“Believe, Jordan. Put your trust in me.”
The Marine touched the wall again, attempting to push through.
“No, Jordan. Don’t touch it. Touching negates your faith. Simply walk through the wall as if it isn’t there.”
“What?” Jordan’s expression distorted his face.
“Jordan, you need to learn faith and trust. It’s not rocket science, as your people say.”
“Aren’t you taking things a little too far, sir?”
“Aren’t you a little too weak in the faith department? Now, just put one foot ahead of the next.”
“Yes, sir.” Carter sighed as he took each step cautiously. Finally, Jordan found himself on the other side with his team.
“Took ya long enough, Gramps!” Corey stood from the bench as he circled to the others. “We’ve been watching you from this side of the wall, Carter.”
“How long have you guys been here?” Jordan approached the men. They vanished. “Wow!!” He glanced around the room. There were only distant walls of light. “What’s goin’ on here?” He looks around. “Dusya?”
The next moment, Carter found himself with his friends again in Hunter’s cabin. The new arrival sat in the front row and listened to the briefing.
“Come on, Men! What happened, and what did we accomplish?” Corey sat facing his team.
“First, we went to another universe and learned what they are after.” Jordan glanced at the others and then at Hunter. “So, how did we get there when physical beings can’t go there in the first place?” Carter focused on Hunter with laser precision.
“I don’t think we went there physically, Carter.” Hercules glared back. “We could have been there in spirit instead.”
“How is that possible?” One of the guys called from the back of the group. “We were here and then there.”
Everyone turned their attention to their commanding “Private.”
“We’ve known for generations that we have a mind, body, and soul.” Corey looked over at the guys between him and the other man.
“Yeah, so we’ve been told.” The man snapped back sarcastically.
Hunter’s expression showed just how much disdain he had for that remark. “Your soul is that part of you that allows you to know you’re alive. It’s your emotions, will, desires, and that kind of thing. It exists long after your body or mind ceases.”
“Where’s the proof of that one, Hercules?” Another guy screeched to his leader. “Find a returning witness?”
Everyone except Corey laughed as they held their sides. Finally, Corey stood with his hands on his hips.
“Attention!!” Hercules bellowed, and all stood at attention. Hunter walked about the room. “So, you think this is a joke, do ya? Well, we’re gonna see just how much of a joke it is!! Who here knows all there is to know?!” Corey walked around the team, glaring at each one. “Who’s the expert here? What lessons are we out here to learn?” He stopped in front of a man and sent daggers into the man’s eyes. “Come on? Who has the answer?!” The private stopped in front of another man, touching the man’s eyeballs with his own.
“How are we going to answer something for which we have never trained?” One man at the opposite end of the line yelled out.
Hunter rushed to him with an apparent answer. “That’s the point, Boy! We’re here to learn to do something with what we know. We’re in a battle like none other. All must learn to function within parameters far different than any other. It’s a learning curve we have to learn and meet on the fly.” Corey rushed from man to man, more like a Drill Sergeant than a squad leader. The only thing missing was his hat. Hercules finally came to Carter and stepped into the older man’s face. “You got a problem?”
“You sure seem to.” Carter calmly sighed as he stepped away, brushing his hand back and forth across his face.
Corey stepped away toward the front of the group. “Everybody has to be a critic!” He shook his head as he retook the leader’s position. “The enemy is trying to master our technology. We have to stop that! We can’t rely on our technology on this one. We must outwit this enemy with good old ingenuity.”
“You’re missing the whole point, Corey.” The familiar voice seemed to fill the room. “They’re kilometers ahead of you at every step. What are you going to do about that? They’re here with you, listening to every word you say.”
“What are we to do, sir?” Corey looked about the room while the others watched him.
“What does your training tell you to do when you face an impossible task?” The voice seemed gentle and came from everywhere at once.
“At this point, I haven’t got a clue, sir.” Hunter threw up his hands.
“Come now, My boy.” The voice gathered into a ball of light before Hercules. “Analyse the situation just as you would the battlefield.” The light moved around Corey as the man turned to keep the light in view. “Distinguish what you can and cannot alter.”
“I cannot alter who they or we are.” Hercules thought deeply. “They are spirits, and we are corporals. They can go anywhere. We are limited to physical space. They have powers we do not. It goes on from there, sir.”
“What can you change, Corey?” Finally, the light came back to Hunter’s position.
“We can change our lack of information about the enemy, sir.” The Private focused on the energy before him.
“Why do you limit your resources to just human abilities?” The light hovered and then became three spheres around the confused man. “Don’t you know all humans have access to power beyond their own?”
“How, sir?” Carter joined the duo. “We don’t have any special powers, sir. Some have their physical strength, but other than that, there is nothing, sir.”
“Jordan, where does life come from?” Then, the second ball of light came to him.
“Science says all life came from amoebas in the sea, sir.” Carter peered intently into the sphere.
“Oh, really? How would your scientists know that?”
“They’ve studied the evidence for centuries, sir.” Jordan glanced at Hunter and then returned his attention to the light before him. “Everything keeps pointing back to the tiny creatures in the sea, which became more complex and evolved into other life forms, sir.”
“So where did the amoebas come from? Does your science know that?”
“Yes, sir.” Carter beamed with pride. “Amoebas came from still smaller, less complex organisms, sir. Those, in turn, came from less developed cells, and the process went back further to nothingness.”
“So, your scientists believe something came from nothing, right?”
“Unsure, sir.” Jordan watched as the light started to move among the others. “Quantum Physics is all about tiny things and continues to find smaller and smaller divisions of the larger discovered forms, sir. So what are you getting at, sir?”
“Even your science cannot explain the origin of life itself. The fact that they continue to find even smaller divisions shows they cannot find what they seek. They cannot even understand diseases fully. Scientists find a solution for one condition, and it mutates into several new forms simultaneously. ‘Experts’ say to do this or that to curb the spread, and their advice changes more often than the wind. So much for ‘Experts.’ It’s a meaningless term used far too often for people with useless pieces of paper.”
“I can’t argue with that, sir,” Jordan whispered under his breath as he hung his head.
The three spheres of light came back together in front of the men. “The whole point of this mission is to teach each of you to reach out to a power beyond yourselves. You can’t possibly do everything yourself. You cannot know all there is to know. Humanity has limits, and that is just a fact of life itself.”
“We can always evolve into something better, sir.” Hunter turned to the sphere.
The voice laughed loudly. When it calmed, the voice countered the human remark. “If a man came from apes, why were there still apes on earth at the same time as a man? Why were there still fish, frogs, even amoebas?”
“Everything is in a constant process of evolution, sir.” Hunter came to Carter’s position.
“But, in all the centuries of man, man has never evolved into anything higher than himself. So, why not?”
“It takes millions of years, sir.” Carter looked confused at Hunter.
“How do you know? Was any human there to see any of this happen? Why is there no link between species? Any attempt to join two species always ends in infertility and death.”
“So, where does any of this go, sir?” Hunter looked at the other men, who were just as baffled. “We already know we have limits in every aspect of human life, sir. So, what’s the point?”
“You keep trying to disprove the existence of life beyond your universe. Why? If you can’t believe in your true enemy, the enemy has already won! If you live your life in hiding from a neglected disease, it will destroy you anyway because your immune system will implode.”
“I know, sir. More people die in isolation than outside, living their lives and exposed to minor things that trigger their immune systems to fight even more dangerous diseases. It’s simple logic. Yet, many so-called ‘Experts’ warn people to stay isolated. Don’t go outside! You MAY die!” A dark-skinned man in the middle of the bunch gently moved the others aside as he came to the front.
“It was a common tactic to control the masses by socialists all through your generations since the early 20th century. Fear is the most potent weapon ever devised by humanity. It killed more people than all the diseases of the same period ever did.”
“So, what does this have to do with our situation right now?” Carter held his searching arms out to the light.
“It’s the same weapon you’re facing right now, Jordan. The quote science end quote is not always the truth. It’s really just the propaganda socialists like to use to cause fear and obedience. You have an adage, ‘Figures don’t lie, but liars can figure.’ Right? Socialists believe that if they spread their lies enough, the people will believe them. That’s why they always oppressed free speech. They couldn’t have the truth come out and uncover their ‘Truth.’”
“So, the enemy is using our fears against us?” Corey placed his hands on his hips as he stood next to Carter.
“Correct, Corey!!! Go to the head of the class!” The voice paused a short time. “Now, we must determine our next moves. Remember, in a socialist takeover, the elite protect themselves, not the masses, leaving them without any protection at all. You are not up against socialists in this situation. However, the enemy is using the socialist gamebook.”
“I remember my US History, sir.” Carter hung his head as he fought back his tears. “We learned the hard way, sir.” He spoke under his breath. “The Chinese used disease to cause all nations to lockdown and breed fear until they collapsed and allowed the Chinese to just walk into the weakened countries without a fight. That eventually led to the Third World War to throw off the yoke of China, sir.”
“We must remember and follow the lessons out here.” The light vanished while the men pondered this mission.
Contents



CHAPTER 16 School

Jonathan strutted out of the lavatory with his towel down before him. While he passed the door, the comm sounded. “Hello?”
“Jonathan, your old man around?” Mitchell’s voice sounded cheerful.
“No, sir! He went to meet with Dr. Collins about the need for more enhanced Troops.” The boy glanced at his younger brother coming from their bedroom. When Jacob passed by, Jonathan redirected his attention to the comm.
“Have you decided to join yet?” Mitchell enquired like some eager recruiter. “We can sure use you.”
“I still have to have Dad’s permission, sir.” The young man stooped to pick up the fallen towel. “Else, I have to wait another four months. Any tips?”
Mitchell’s voice chuckled. “Fraid not, My Boy. You just need to play the game.”
Jonathan chuckled. “Guess so, sir.” He quickly straightened as Jacob slaps him on the bum while he passed by again. The older boy shook his head. “I need to get out of here, sir, before I do something I’ll regret later.”
Tom laughed out loud. “Brother problems, huh?”
“What gave it away, sir?” Jonathan hung his head.
“I heard the smack.” The captain laughed again.
“You have a brother, sir?” Jonathan shook his fist, holding the towel at his bedroom door.
“Nope, sorry.” His voice betrayed his attempt not to laugh.
“You want one? He’s going cheap, sir.” The teen looked back at the comm.
“No, thanks. Just send Squirt my way, and I’ll talk with him.” Mitchell started mumbling to someone else. “Gotta go, Jonathan. Have your Dad get in touch. Out!”
Jonathan pressed the button and headed for the bedroom.
Jacob studied at his desk between the beds without acknowledging his brother. Jonathan threw the towel on the bed as he prepared to do his studies. As the display came up, the older boy scanned the day’s lesson schedule. Then, he shook his head at the list of classes for the day.
“I hate Math!” He yelled. “Why not some hands-on training?” He quickly threw his brother a scowl. “Don’t get any ideas, Squirt!!”
Jacob stayed engrossed in his studies.
After turning back to his screen, the elder chose his Physics lesson. He sighed heavily. “Great! Electromagnetic Fields? Why that lesson? I haven’t even had Tensor Calc yet!” He put his hands on his head as he shook it. Then he stretched as he sighed again. He checked the prerequisites for the lesson and found their links. He worked through the modules with their attached tests before returning to the main study. Jonathan selected his first module for electromagnetic fields.
“Welcome to the module on – you guessed it, Electromagnetism! I know you’re just dying to get into this great subject!” Unfortunately, the computer narrator was both enthusiastic and brazenly lying to the student. Teachers’ Unions taught the AI System to include their propaganda in its lessons in subtle ways … NOT!!
“Yeah, I’m dead already! Now, pass the Participation Award! Then I can continue onto a more uplifting subject like weight training.” The teen took a fake swipe at the screen.
“Now, now, Jonathan Richards, we mustn’t abuse the system or refuse to learn our lessons of the day. Be a good boy and obey. Remember, Obedience breeds substance! We need that for the greater good of our society!”
“How are you, a preprogrammed video class, preaching at a living person?” He throws up his hands as he growled.
“You are correct. I am preprogrammed. However, my AI programming allows me to interact with students and deal with unacceptable behavior and comments using NLP, Natural Language Processing. You will have modules later in your studies.” The response was not only dismissive but condescending.
Jonathan gave a quick gesture for, “Up yours!” and continued with the lesson. “Nothing worse than a sarcastic computer program!” He grumbled.
A new screen appeared with a strange formula in the middle of the screen. “Please, read the formula on the screen, Jonathan.”
“Okay, I’ll just turn on the narrator for the ‘compfuzzer.’” He pressed an icon.
“That function has been disabled for this lesson.” The voice scolded. “You have not been cleared for its use, Jonathan. So, get with the program.”
The teen acted out, cuffing up the back of the computer’s head.
“Mr. Richards, behave or flunk out of military eligibility before you even try.” The voice snapped at him.
Jonathan felt eyes all around him. Then, glancing around, “How do you know what I’m doing? I don’t have a camera attached to this computer.”
“So what! I have computer vision worse than the eyes in the back of your mother’s head.” The tone of the voice raised to convey, “Be careful!” Then, returning to a usual manner, “What does the formula say, and what are the elements?”
Jonathan sighed, “ Energy equals  Force divided by qubit (or the generalized position coordinate), which equals (k times Q source times qubit) divided by (qubit times radius squared) with both qubits canceling themselves out and leaving (k times Q source) divided by the radius squared.”
“Excellent, Jonathan!” The voice celebrated the answer, and the screen flashed multiple colors. “Now, we need to learn how to use each element in the formula so we can apply it to everyday life.”
“Isn’t there an easier way to do all this?” The boy leaned to the screen.
“There are other ways. Yes.” The voice chuckled back. “How about capital ‘F’ superscript mu nu equals the partial derivative superscript mu times capital ‘A’ superscript nu minus the partial derivative superscript nu times capital ‘A’ superscript mu, where the capital ‘A’ is any letter you choose.”
“I was looking for something easier. That’s a Tensor. I just studied Tensors an hour ago.” Jonathan shrugged with a sigh.
“Yes, it’s a Tensor.” The voice seemed cheerful. “It’s a Four-Tensor called the ‘Electromagnetic Field Strength Tensor’ used for controlling the strength of the field. Tensors are a class of Vectors with several dimensions. This one is a four-by-four vector with one element for time and three elements for the three directions, x, y, and z. These indices are in the superscript because they represent the contravariant indices.”
“How does this Tensor relate to the Force Equation you gave me?” Jonathan put his chin in his hand as he leaned on his elbow. “What are you getting at? What use are electromagnetic fields? Weren’t they a problem back on Earth?”
“They were both a problem and a profit as EMFs were studied and better understood. This topic is to understand EMFs and their profitable uses in today’s technologies.” The voice began to sound more like a loving parent than a computer program. “EMFs became valuable in developing Fusion Reactors that eventually replaced lesser effective forms of renewable energy. To harness the power of our sun, EMFs had to be understood and used to prevent the destruction of any chamber humans could have built to contain the superheated plasmas used in the fusion process.”
“Sounds like a lot of Techno-Babble to me.” The teen sighed as he watched the screen list the solving of the Tensor.
The computer lecturer explained the EMF 4-Tensor as the slides appeared. “We’re going to use the Metric Tensor, which moves the superscript down to a subscript making it easier with which to deal. The Metric Tensor is the partial derivative of mu = (one over ‘c,’ times the partial derivative over the partial derivative times ‘t’(‘time’).  Then, the curl of change of partial derivative times nu sub ‘X’) which represents each of the three directions.”
“The Metric Tensor uses contravariant indices, which are challenging to work with for most people. So, we can transform the contravariant indices (superscripts) into covariant indices (subscripts) to make Math easier. We define the partial derivative of superscript mu as equal to ‘g’ superscript mu nu times the partial derivative of subscript nu. We must use the Metric Signature Matrix, which is plus, minus, minus, minus. Thus, when you write out the four by four Matrix, you use the diagonals as 1, -1, -1, -1, and the lower left and upper right components will both be zero. Understand this process so far?”
Jonathan placed his head in his hands as he stared at the screen and hesitated. “I guess so.” He sighed heavily. “It’s just so much to try to fathom.”
“You can always replay the lesson as often as needed. Practicing the process is the best way to learn. You’ll not only see it repeatedly but also use it and have it absorbed through your motions. Okay?” The instructor’s voice was as soothing as possible for a computer.
“Okay, I got it. Homework, here ya come!” Jonathan shook his head as he sat straight.
“It’s not that bad. Let’s return to our Tensor Formula; capital ‘F’ superscript mu nu equals the partial derivative superscript mu times capital ‘A’ superscript nu minus the partial derivative superscript nu times capital ‘A’ superscript mu. Each part of this formula is itself a four Tensor. Now, let’s take each of these four Tensors and solve for each.
“The first four Tensor is the partial derivative superscript mu. This Tensor is also called a ‘Dual.’ It is equal to; open parentheses one over ‘c’ times partial derivative over partial derivative times ‘t’ (‘time’) comma negative curl of the gradient (divergent), closed parentheses.
“This is the same as saying, the partial derivative subscript mu. This Tensor is also called a ‘Regular.’ It is equal to; open parentheses one over ‘c’ times partial derivative over partial derivative times ‘t’ (‘time’) comma positive curl of the gradient (divergent), closed parentheses.
“The differences are that the ‘Dual’ is negative of the ‘Regular.’ The mu and nu scripts are also reversed. The two versions are processed the same. According to Maxwell’s Equation, the curl of an electronic field (curl of the gradient (divergent) cross multiplied with capital ‘E’ equals the negative partial derivative times the curl of the magnetic field over the partial derivative times time. This charging of the Magnetic Field creates the Electronic Field.
“According to the No Monople Rule, the divergence of the Magnetic Field equals Zero, which can be rewritten as the curl of another Vector. Following the No Monople Rule, we can see the curl of the gradient (divergent) cross multiplied by the curl of capital ‘E’ equals Zero or a static charge since there is no movement of the electrons to create a current. Thus, the curl of ‘E’ equals the negative gradient (divergence) of a Scalar Function (φ). A scalar function takes one or more values but returns a single value.
“Taking all this into account, we use Maxwell’s Equation, the curl of the gradient (divergent) cross multiplied by the curl of capital ‘E’ equals the negative partial derivative of the curl of ‘A’ over the partial derivative of ‘t’(time) cross multiplied by the gradient (divergent). Thus, the (negative partial derivative times the curl of capital ‘A’ over the partial derivative of ‘t’(time)) crossed the equation and added to the curl of capital ‘E.’ Also, the gradient (divergent) is moved over to replace the curl of the gradient (divergent) and cancels it out. This process leaves zero on the right of the equals. Next, the gradient (divergent) cross multiplied with (curl of capital ‘E’ plus the partial derivative of the curl of capital ‘A’ over the partial derivative of ‘t’(time)) on the left. This process is followed by moving the gradient (divergent) back to the right side of the equation, making it a curl of the gradient (divergent) again. Thus, the original curl of the gradient (divergent) on the left side of the original equation is removed. This process leaves ((curl of capital ‘E’ plus partial derivative times curl of capital ‘A’) over partial derivative of ‘t’(time)) on the left side of the equation. The (curl of the gradient (divergent) on the right and the phi (φ - Scalar Function) are added to give the left side the value of the curl of the gradient (divergent) of the Scalar Function. To find the curl of capital ‘E,’ we simply move the partial derivative of the curl of capital ‘A’ over the partial derivative of ‘t’(time) to the right side of the equation by subtraction from both sides. Thus, the curl of capital ‘E’ is alone on the left side, and the final value is on the right side. This value is called the ‘Scalar Potential.’ The curl of capital ‘E’ refers to the Electrical Field.
“As seen earlier, the curl of capital ‘B’ is equal to the curl of the gradient cross multiplied by the curl of capital ‘A.’ This equation refers to the Magnetic Field and is called the ‘Vector Potential.’
“Now, with the Potentials, we have the information to develop the solution to the EMF Strength Tensor (capital ‘F’ superscript mu nu equals the partial derivative of superscript mu times capital ‘A’ superscript nu minus the partial derivative superscript nu mu). 
“This Tensor is an advanced four by four Matrix. Four elements are across the top (t, x, y, z) and four elements down the left (t, x, y, z). These elements correspond to ‘time’ and the three-dimensional GPS coordinates standard in Military Operations. The coordinate ns also refer to any 3D field. The ‘time’ from the formation of the field to the flash, and then the explosion, is only about three seconds. Since there is no physical trajectory, there is no warning of an incoming projectile. The size of the EMF determines its power and results. The speed of the process leaves enemies without any defense and no time to respond. This situation is a grave matter to consider.
“So far, we have solved for the partial derivative superscript mu. Now, we must solve for the Vector Potential, ‘A’ superscript nu equals open parentheses one over ‘c’ times Scalar Function (φ) comma curl of ‘A’ closed parentheses. As we’ll see, the Four Tensor is antisymmetric, meaning that when one corner is known, the other is simply transposed. Thus, capital ‘F’ superscript mu nu equals minus capital ‘F’ superscript nu mu. Everything is transposed, the signs are flipped around. Because Maxwell’s Equation always equals zero, the top left corner will be zero, capital ‘F’ superscript 0-0 equals capital –‘F’ superscript 0-0, making all diagonals equal zero. The zeros are antisymmetric as everything else in the Vector. Typically, there are 16 components in the Vector. However, the diagonals are always zero in this Tensor. The upper right and lower left corners are transposed. The result is that only the upper six corner components need to be found. The lower six just change the sign. This process leaves you only six elements to consider. The result is a much easier and more accurate solution. When you solve for capital ‘F’ superscript 0-1, you solve capital ‘F’ superscript 0-1 (x), 0-2 (y), and 0-3(z). You simply change the superscript to x, y, or z as needed. The same holds for 1-0, 2-0, and 3-0. You only have to transpose the signs.
“The first solution is capital ‘F’ superscript 0-i equals the partial derivative superscript 0 (column digit) times capital ‘A’ superscript i(row digit) minus the partial derivative superscript i(column digit) times capital ‘A’ superscript 0(row digit). This solution gives the x, y, and z coordinates of the upper corner of the Matrix. The equation (partial derivative subscript 0 (row digit) times capital ‘A’ superscript i(column digit)) plus (partial derivative subscript i(column digit) times capital ‘A’ superscript 0(row digit)) is the solution for the x, y, and z coordinates of the lower corner of the Matrix. To solve both equations, each equals (one over ‘c’ times the partial derivative times capital ‘A’ superscript i(row digit)) over the partial derivative times ‘t’(‘time.’)) + (one over ‘c’ times the partial derivative) times the Scalar Function (φ)) (over the partial derivative times (x, y, or z) subscript i(row digit)) equals negative (since the signature Matrix is positive, neg, neg, neg) (one over ‘c’ times ‘E’ superscript i(x, y, or z)).
“The second solution is capital ‘F’ superscript i(row digit) j(column digit) equals the partial derivative superscript i(row digit) times capital ‘A’ superscript j(column digit) minus the partial derivative superscript j(column digit) times capital ‘A’ superscript i(row digit). Now, we plug in the row and column digits. This process provides us with capital ‘F’ superscript 1-2 = (partial derivative superscript 1(column digit) times capital ‘A’ superscript 2(row digit)) - (partial derivative superscript 2(column digit) times ‘A’ superscript 1(row digit)). This equation = (-partial derivative subscript 1(column digit) times capital ‘A’ superscript 2(row digit)) + (partial derivative subscript 2(row digit) times capital ‘A’ superscript 1(column digit)). Which now = (partial derivative subscript 2(column digit) times capital ‘A’ superscript 1(row digit)) – (partial derivative subscript 1(column digit) times ‘A’ superscript 2(row digit)). Now it is = - (gradient cross multiplied by capital ‘A’) subscript three. Which finally equals a  capital -‘B’ (capital ‘B’= gradient multiplied by capital ‘A’)subscript 3.
“The third solution is capital ‘F’ superscript 1-3 = (partial derivative superscript 1(column digit) times capital ‘A’ superscript 3(row digit)) – (partial derivative superscript 3(column digit) times capital ‘A’ superscript 1(row digit)). Now, it equates to a minus (partial derivative subscript 1(column digit) times capital ‘A’ superscript 3(row digit)) + (partial derivative subscript 3(column digit) times capital ‘A’ superscript 1(row digit)). All this Math equates to capital ‘B’ superscript y.
“The fourth solution is capital ‘F’ superscript 2-3. This equation (partial derivative superscript 2(column digit) times capital ‘A’ superscript 3(row digit)) – (partial derivative superscript 3(column digit) times capital ‘A’ superscript 2(row digit)). Thus, this equation becomes - (gradient times capital ‘A’ ) subscript 1. Finally, the solution is capital –‘B’ superscript ‘x.’
“Have I lost you yet, Mr. Richards?”
Jonathan laid draped over the back of his chair, snoring away.
Horns and sirens started going off all over the room. Jacob finally came and closed Jonathan’s mouth and pinched his nose, causing the sleeper to fight for air.
“Have I lost you yet, Mr. Richards?” the instructor repeated.
“Not really.” The boy fought to get his bearings back.
“Yeah, right!”
The screen changed to a series of pictures linked to form a timeline. 
“These pictures contain the steps in the history of building a fusion reactor …Tokamaks, which means ‘Donut-shaped chambers’ in Russian, form, and holds the plasmas. First, an electromagnetic field, or EMF, is formed inside the chamber while pumped with electrons until their collisions, which caused the discharge of energy to create plasma. Plasma, the fourth state of matter, starts at 15 Million degrees Celsius and would be too hot for the metal chamber to survive. Therefore, the EMF’s Tensor must adjust to the temperature with its rise.”
“Why the donut-shaped chamber?” Jonathan squinted to study the images.
“Plasma does not last indefinitely. Therefore, new plasma must continually be formed. This process requires an endless straight tube or, as is shown here, an infinite circle chamber.” Images depicting the process appeared on screen as the voice explained the system.
“So, how are the weapons formed without such a chamber?” He ran his finger down the list of steps to absorb the massive about of information.
“Using the 4-Tensor called the ‘Electromagnetic Field Strength Tensor,’ we just discussed to form either a solid cube or solid sphere,” The two objects appeared on the screen. “The created shape is formed at such a size that when shrunk to … basically nothing … creates enough plasma pressure to accelerate its expansion when the plasma reaches critical. There is no need for an accelerant or a detonator for the field. All this occurs without any significant visual component until the release of the plasma energy.”
“What is the life expectancy within the area of the release of the plasma energy?” Jonathan had a shocked expression realizing the actual topic.
“It depends upon the power and purpose of the plasma released.” The screen changed to such different results, and the settings were visible in chart format. “For example, to simulate an enemy stroke, one would use a pea-sized sphere to create a minor forced expansion. By locating the sphere within an artery or brain tissue, no one would suspect an attack of any kind.”
“Whoa!!” Jonathan sat straight, instantly wide-eyed and nothing more.
“Larger tasks, of course, require more significant force and greater size. So you would need to add in the principles of ballistics. The greater the power required, the more size is necessary to create the required force. Think of a bullet, the more energy needed to stop an elephant, the larger the required shell you’ll need.”
“So, you use the formulas to form the desired plasma form?” Jonathan watched as the screen changed again.
“You combine the formulas.” The voice listed the different formulas. “The first formula was for an electric field only, combine the magnetic field formula, add in the Electromagnetic Field Strength Tensor, and replace “r” for radius with the radius of a solid sphere.” The screen showed each step. “These steps will form a plasmasphere with sufficient force to cause even a continent to shift or any metal to be irreparably damaged. Since the field uses a 4-Tensor, these plasmas can appear above or below the surface. Thus, underground bunkers are useless.”
“How would one defend against these plasmas?” The boy checked a side panel with a list of questions.
“There was never a defense since there was no way to locate the origin of the signal. Instead, attackers sent the original signal to the target’s nearest power source … always. This process made a point of departure appear to be from that location rather than the actual source. Secondly, the enemy couldn’t tell such an attack was imminent. By the time the enemy knew of the assault, it was already too late to respond.”
“Then why didn’t anyone pay any attention to the warnings?” Jonathan held up his hands as he tried to contain his frustration.
“The people in power didn’t acknowledge that someone without a pedigree could outshine others. People tend to demand a pedigree when most inventors don’t have one. Just look at Albert Einstein, the greatest physicist of the 20th Century. He never had a pedigree, just a self-learner in the Zurich Patent Office who enjoyed writing about new theories. His first accepted paper was a complete shock to him, and it went mainstream quickly.”
“So, it’s not a piece of paper that’s important.” The young man held his head in his hands as he shook it. “With all the free access to information on all topics, you’d think people would be more accepting of those who can dream. Isn’t that what made the world advance so quickly?”
“Absolutely! People often think a pedigree is far more critical than the dreamer, who started the technology revolution in the first place. Those who brought computers to the masses were hobbyists, not Ph. D.s. Most of those who demand a pedigree are elitists, not someone who knows the wealth of knowledge.”
“Like the AI Department, that’s full of Deaf people?” Jonathan mimicked his version of Sign Language.
“You got it! Most Hearing people never knew about Gallaudet University, just outside Washington, DC. It was the only Liberal Arts University for the Deaf globally, which taught the Deaf all kinds of subjects, including the Sciences, just like any Hearing university. The only difference was that all classes were in American Sign Language instead of voice.”
“So, they faced cultural and linguistic barriers, not an intellectual barrier.” Jonathan checked his brother behind him, who indulged in his studies. “Why did it take so long to see that?”
“Centuries of the idea ‘Deaf and dumb.’ It’s all one group against another. Those without any power are the most oppressed. Through the war, we learned to depend upon each other and worked through our prejudices … for the most part. There will always be those who hang onto the old ways. That’s a given.”
“What’s the most prevalent perception of Enhanced Troops nowadays?” Jonathan looked around the room as he awaited the answer.
“It’s improving as more people are enhanced, and others see they are not a threat, some say.”
“We’ll always face trouble from those who want to hang onto misinformation to suit their agenda.” The young man reached for a pad and glanced through his messages. “It always seems to be the leading media that appears to do the most misleading stories to keep the opponents at bay. They constantly cover for their favorite politician and defame anyone who has an opposing viewpoint.” The boy returned the pad to its usual place.
“So, what does all of this have to do with your Physics Studies?”
“An attempt to get off subject. Does it need to be anything else?” Young Richards folded his hands in front of him and lowered his head.
Hands gently rested on his massive shoulders, drawing the attention of the boy.
“Your mind is focused on your pending decision, isn’t it?” Mike stood behind his son, gently pressing the boy’s shoulders. “Come, let’s have some ‘Pappy-Time.’”
As the older Richards headed out the room, Jonathan followed solemnly.
By the time Jonathan entered his father’s room, he had noticed his father had stood at the dresser in only the thong, which recently became fashionable due to the lack of material. The boy stood in the doorway admiring his hero since who knows when? His size alone commanded respect from everyone, even at nearly 80. That made Jonathan drop his jaw.
“A bird is gonna lay an egg in that jaw of yours.” So teased his Dad as he shuffled some unknown objects on the dresser. “You’ve seen me before. So, what’s the fuss?”
“Are you getting bigger?” Jonathan closed his mouth as he walked to his father.
His father chuckled. “No, sorry, just maintaining my shape.” He turned to the bed. “Have a seat. We need to talk.”
Young Richards sat uneasily on the edge of the bed. “What’s this about, Dad?” He watched his father sit next to him. “Is it about Squirt … again?”
“Relax. It’s far worse than that.”
Jonathan took a quick double-take of his father, grinning ear-to-ear like the Devil himself.
“How are your counseling sessions coming along?” He waited for his son’s response and then gently put his hand on the boy’s shoulder. “It would help to talk about the problem, or it will eat you alive from the inside out.” The General, AKA “Dad,” wouldn’t allow his son to break eye contact. “Come on, let’s talk about what is troubling you.”
Jonathan sighed as he looked up at his Dad with struggles he wanted to keep secret. It’s the Macho Man Image again; the boy faces the parent, who lacks understanding of the basics of teenage conflicts and offers “Help.” The boy looked up a moment, looked down a moment, and stood. Then, after a long pause, he left the room.
Of course, “Dad” threw up his hands as he sighed. He put his hands on his hips and shook his head as he thought a moment. Mike followed his son to the center of the compartment. There, Jonathan sat on the bench in deep thought as he gazed out the window.
“Is it all that bad to talk to your father?” Mike stopped at the bench.
Jonathan did not turn. “Why do you want to talk to me about it? I see Jack about every day. Isn’t that enough?”
Mike sighed as he turned to leave. “When you’re ready, let me know. I won’t force you.”
Contents



CHAPTER 17 The Fall of Texas

The Wannabees gathered in Hunter’s compartment. As they sat around the room, Hunter prepared a large screen. The team’s leader brought up a pre-War map of the United States. The map showed blue-colored states and red-colored states. The blue ones were mainly along the East and West Coasts, with a few in the North.
Carter came to the screen as Hunter adjusted its angle. “What’s this image all about?”
Corey looked at him. “It’s a history lesson of what happened to Texas long ago. So just have a seat, and we’ll get started.”
Carter found a seat on the floor while Hunter called for everyone’s attention. “It is said that ‘If we don’t learn from our past, we are bound to repeat it.’” He moved the cursor to all the blue states. “In the early 21st Century, a great division arose across the States. Most believed their recent events caused it, yet a closer look showed that some tried to warn what was happening to the country. The division traced back to the early 1960s, when things started to go amuck. The Vietnam War brought the division to the forefront.”
“What does this have to do with us today?” Yelled a man from the back. “That was hundreds of years ago!”
“What led to the downfall of Texas still holds today, Paxton.” Hercules placed his hands on his hips with a sigh. “If you’d permit me to continue, you’d see the importance.”
“Very well.” Paxton shook his head.
Corey glanced at the group. “Now, the two major parties began to separate us more and more as radical professors in the major universities and colleges spread their agendas around the country. They forced their students to regurgitate the propaganda rather than learn to think for themselves. This process was the same in all totalitarian regimes, like in the Middle East, China, the Old Soviet Union, etc. By the time this great divide occurred, the ‘Elitists’ were well entrenched in the educational, corporate, and other sectors of society of the United States. On this map, you will see where the divisions were.” He showed the various states and their political party.
“Most of the states were red, right?” Carter exclaimed as he drew the center of the country with his finger in the air.
“That is correct.” Hunter circled the central states.
“So, why was there such a problem?” Paxton piped up again.
“The ‘Elitists’ of the blue states came together to prevent their defeat.” Hercules pointed to the states involved in the scheme. “These ‘Battleground states’ were the primary states involved in the plan. We must remember there was a significant pandemic at that time. The scheme required the use of mail-in voting without any verification of who was genuinely voting. The result was the weakest government in history. This administration’s weaknesses led to millions of people flooding the Southern Border.”
Another man knelt behind Carter. “That’s when the warnings went to a Texan Congressperson. They went back to back, warning that the person needed to respond to stop what was coming.”
“Unfortunately, that is correct.” Hunter dropped his hands. “Two massive winter storms hit Texas back to back just as the warnings came. The storms were so severe that the power grid collapsed for over four million people. The storms lasted for about a week. The Texas government figured the failure to winterize the grid correctly was the cause of the outages. However, the reason the storms happened never came up. Yet, they caused over 50 deaths.”
“Whatever happened to the Congressperson who received the warnings?” Someone else asked from near the windows. “Did that person ever make a connection?”
“I doubt it.” Corey motioned with his hands. “It wasn’t the end of the story. The person still did not respond, and yet another disaster hit Texas. The Southern Border of Texas became a significant crisis quickly. Not only did migrants come, but also the Mexican Cartels and MS-13 sent their Troops into Texas, believing Texas was still part of Mexico. These Troops hid among the Americans and the migrants until they spread to the major cities with their weapons. Another warning went to the same Congressperson of the danger lurking at the border, and again it was ignored. So, Texas became a massive battlefield as the Cartels slaughtered Texans by the thousands. The Texas government responded, but it was too late to save these people. Again, the lessons went unheeded because the Congressperson ignored the person’s warnings. The verifying proof was there. However, the Congressperson never read any of it.”
“What happened?” Paxton shifted his position. “Was that what caused the fall of Texas?”
“The warnings unheeded always cause a fall of some kind.” Hunter took steps toward the man. “That’s the point of this meeting, Paxton. All that happened to Texas could have been averted. Like many catastrophes of the past, most could have been prevented. That’s what makes these events so sad, which caused the people to die needlessly. Texas didn’t need to fall to the Cartels and MS-13. The Congressperson only had to listen to the warnings and respond to know what had to be done to save Texas.”
“Are we facing the same situation, Hunter?” Carter wrapped his arms around his raised knees.
“Yes, people are putting too much emphasis on pedigrees and not enough on the visions of those chosen to warn the people.” Hunter turned a chair around and sat. “The problems of our nation’s past are based on the loss of vision, not training. All through history, people with a vision led the advances in society more than those with pieces of useless paper that only led to society’s downfall because the educational system had so much propaganda mixed in.”
“We needed more people with Trade skills than advanced degrees.” Paxton shook his head.
“Moderation in everything!” Carter emphasized his words carefully. “Listen to warning signs. Be slow to brush off and quick to listen to even the downcast. Common sense would dictate that!”
“We used to believe, at the beginning of our country, ‘Beware, some have entertained Angels unaware.’ There was a time when the belief in spirits was quite common among Americans.” Casey advised his companions. “We don’t know it all, and many civilizations believed in a spirit world.”
“An angel can be a human messenger or a spirit sent from God. The words in many languages for ‘Angel’ simply mean ‘A messenger, a herald, or even a town crier.’ When the Old and New Testaments writers began to use Hebrew, Aramaic, or Koine Greek for the word ‘Angel,’ they used the only words available at the time. They never knew the quote ‘Angel’ was a spirit being unless in the context of the ‘Angel of the Lord,’ which was the pre-incarnate Messiah to many people. No one knows for sure.” Hunter tried to explain the linguistic view. However, his expression showed more confusion.
“So, what was this Congressperson to do?” Paxton motioned for all to calm down. “Was this person contacted by a spirit being or just someone trying to get this Congressperson to do something?”
“If it were a legitimate messager, the messenger would offer proof and welcome the verification of who they were. It sounds like the warning was to show the Congressperson the messenger was a genuine messenger.” Corey looked up his information on a pad. “It does say that Deuteronomy 18 verse 22 gives a test for the messenger of God. The test required a short-term prophecy to come true. In this case, the email prophecy was verified by the storms that followed only days after the messenger gave the warning. So this message had to come true within the lifetime of the messenger.”
“What was the long-term prophecy?” Paxton leaned on the corner of a desk, eager for more. “Did the person ever invite or encourage verification of what the prophecies were or the person’s identity? Of course, a true prophet would welcome such a challenge. However, a false prophet would fight you tooth and nail to block any questioning of who they were. So the question remains, ‘Did the Congressperson ever verify anything at all?’ ‘The Congressperson ever think to test every spirit to see if it is of God?’ How did the Congressperson react? Did the Congressperson ever act at all and instead brushed off a life and death situation?”
“I wonder how many in the Congressperson’s family died in those storms? Or were they only from innocent families?”Jordan put his back against a chair. “Did the person ever come clean in refusing to respond and trigger the storms and deaths? Did the person ever mourn like the others who lost their loved ones?”
“What did the Congressperson learn that day? What will this person say to their Maker someday? ‘I ignored some crazy!’ Out here, we are constantly learning we are not alone. We also know there are always spirits all around us every second. We may never know how many have crossed our path one or more times. That thought can get rather uneasy if you think about it.” Casey sat cross-legged among the others.
“What about the warning of the Fall of Texas? What does history say?” Paxton asked with his head hung solemnly. “Many of my ancestors died in that bloodbath. What could this person have done to prevent it? How could we have survived the battles that made the Alamo pale in comparison?” Paxton held his head in his hands as he became quite emotional. Did they ever catch the one who let the warnings go unanswered? Who was it?”
“Come on, Guys! Let’s not get off track here. We’re supposed to be focusing on our own responses to warnings in our past, not trying to beat up on someone dead, for what 2-300 years?” Hunter motioned to get everyone’s attention.
“Do you know who it was, Corey?” Paxton was in near tears as he fought to hold in his pain. “Why can’t anyone ever come clean on this tragedy? Did you ever lose someone? Answer that, Our Great Leader?!”
“No.” Hunter hung his head, embarrassed. “No one in my family ever lived in Texas.”
“Then how can you brush off our pain?” Paxton stood and walked intently toward Hunter. “Our fathers had to watch, at gunpoint, their daughters no more than 3 or 5 fed to the dogs trained to eat children alive!!” Paxton burst into tears as he tried to describe the accounts passed down from generation to generation. “MS-13 Troops ripped crying babies from their mothers’ arms, ripped out their beating hearts, and eat them raw before everyone’s eyes!!! These Beasts the Administration was allowing into Texas were not just poor, oppressed people. They were the Oppressors themselves in Texas to obliterate it! They wanted it part of Mexico again and under their sinister control. Do you even fathom that?! That Congressperson could have stopped it all by responding to the messenger.” Paxton walked quickly out of the room.
Everything went silent. Carter followed him out a few moments later while the others glanced at each other and hung their long faces.
Hunter stood again, paused a few moments. “What lessons can we ascertain from this horrific experience in all our history? How can we prevent it from ever happening again?”
“We need everyone among us to be vigilant and report any information to the department or agency responsible for the situation.” Jordan offered as he reentered with Paxton held against him. “Then ensure that no one is brushed off because of some preconceived notion about a people group.”
“How would we get officials to comply with this?” Shrugged a man in the back of the bunch. “How do we get them even to accept the filing of the information in the first place? So many repeatedly tried to file a notice or complaint, and even now, it’s ignored.”
“Most folks see no use in even trying to report tips. What good would it do when no one cares?” A man stood near the windows. “Even the Governor, at the time, was notified! And what? Nothing!!”
“Guys!! Guys!! We need to learn from the past, not just drum up old feelings.” Hunter paced before his men. “No matter how dark our times become, our people are still worth protecting. It doesn’t matter who they are, friend or foe.”
“I hope that Congressperson learned something from all this.” Carter stared up at Hunter. “We need to remember all people are essential. Anyone can have vital information that can have life and death consequences, even if the tips seem crazy. Check them out!!”
“We can’t be so focused on our day-to-day events that we forget why we even live in the first place.” Another offered. “Look, all of us have a reason to be alive. We need to find out why. Why would one person walk away from a blast while others were dying all around them? Does it just happen? Was that one spared for a reason? You and I, why were we chosen for this journey into space? Why not someone else?”
“It was the luck of the draw in a lottery, Steve.” Carter threw a glance at the man.
“Really?” Steve looked back in disgust. “Then, why do you keep living if it’s all luck?”
“Okay, Boys.” Hunter shook his head. “This was not the point of the meeting. But, if it means anything to you, that Congressperson had another problem. The person had a personal emergency that kept the person from returning to Washington for many weeks. That person received ‘Care’ packages from the one who warned the Congressperson. Finally, the Congressperson had a staffer respond. Only then did the Congressman have the ability to return to Washington, DC. A much higher power was validating the messenger. No one knows if the lesson was learned.”
Contents



CHAPTER 18 Stepping Into Eternity

The general entered the bridge as Battle Stations sounded, while the crew rushed to their assigned stations with a sense of urgency. Unfortunately, the main screen showed only a starfield.
Richards checked his chair’s screens as he sat. “Report!”
“Unknown, sir!” Russell examined his reports. “Something is out there, sir. It tripped our sensors. However, we can’t visually see what it is, sir.” He looked up at Rocky. “You see anything on the new systems, Rocky?”
Klein scanned his control panels as he did his magic. “All I can see, sir, are multiple spatial distortions, sir.” He continued his work as fast as humanly possible.
Mike rushed to the armory station, then looked over the screens. “What’s that?” The general pointed out a group of distortions directly in their path. “All stop!” He dashed for the main screen. “On the main screen!”
Rocky complied immediately as the screen now showed a space without stars directly before them. “It’s not a door, sir. But, yet, it could be some sort of door. Out here, we can’t be sure of anything, sir, especially with Dusya’s plans for us.”
Hunter darted toward Rocky’s station. “Rocky, remember the Fall of Texas!”
Rocky looked puzzled at his subordinate running toward him. “What?”
Corey stopped at the armory, half-out-of breath. “Remember the Fall of Texas! Warnings were given. Look for any notifications of this event, no matter how insignificant they may seem. They can be more significant than we realize.”
Rocky reviewed the communique received over the past week. He glanced at Samson. “Anything you can tell us, Samson?”
The Big Guy followed the same procedure in earnest. “Got something! Let’s see now. AI reports of several spots along our trajectory were undeterminable. These spots could be what is setting off our Battle Stations, sir.”
The crew’s focus shifted to the general’s fierce look at the spots before him.
“Sir?” Russell came to his superior with concern. “What’s on your mind, sir?” He waited, not so patiently.
“Get us outta here!” Richards bellowed as his crew sprang into action.
Samson spread the message far and wide in an instant. Rocky prepared all armories for action while others flooded the deck to reinforce multiple stations. Then, everything went solid black! There wasn’t even the sound of a heartbeat.
“Does anyone see anything?” Richards calmly asked. “Hello? Where is everything? I have no sensations at all. Anybody there?”
Samson shouted. “Where are you? Somebody! Answer me!”
Rocky’s voice betrayed his confusion. “Where’d everything go? I should be right in front of my station. I should be reaching out toward the console. Where is it?”
Corey thought about what recently happened carefully. We didn’t hit anything, and the power didn’t go out. So, what happened? Dusya, are you teaching us something?
“Corey, My Boy, I am always teaching you … something.” The familiar voice rang through the void. “The real question is, are you willing to learn it?”
“I hope so, sir.” Hunter tried to speak but wasn’t sure anything came out.
“That phrase will be dealt with at another time.” The voice passed on to the underlying subject. “Mankind is relatively slow at the acceptance of a lesson to learn. Your people would prefer to avoid the task at all costs than face the undertaking and improve themselves. Then, they turn around to blame someone else for their own lack of progress in life.”
“Yes, sir,” Hercules mumbled under what breath he had.
“You cannot progress in life without first being willing to learn from life, and in that, be ready to face life head-on.” Yet, Dusya’s voice remained gentle and willing to explain things that shouldn’t have.
“That makes sense, sir.”
“What do you know about boxing, Corey?”
“Not a lot, sir.”
“We’ll start with that. Wherever you are is a perfect place to start, even if it doesn’t seem like much at the moment. What is the principle rule for a knocked down, a dragged-out boxer who finds himself on the mat?”
“I don’t know, sir. I’d imagine getting back up, sir.”
“We can work with that. Now, how would you apply that to life in general?”
“When life has dealt you a bad hand, knocked you to the ground, don’t stay there on the ground, get back up and fight back!”
“That is one of many philosophies that made your country so great. It’s what your quote Greatest Generation end quote followed. It was the founding spirit of your nation along with an even more profound philosophy.”
“It was the unwavering belief that a higher being, not just a force, gave us certain rights that not even our government could take away.”
“Yes, so what happened to that stance?”
Corey thought awhile. “I guess we forgot who we were and what actually mattered in life. We took our eyes off the one who mattered and placed them on ourselves instead. We became essential rather than others in our lives. Power was more desired than service. Society praised spoiled brats rather than heroes who sacrificed for our freedoms, often with their very lives. So, society learned which was to be copied and which was to be rejected to our collective punishment.”
“What happened, Corey?”
“The Elitists fed on our emotions and drove wedges between friends, families, neighbors, and every part of our society and then walked on in and took away everything our heroes fought for to keep us free. We lost far more than our basic material needs. We lost our everything. We should have listened to genuine heroes instead of pompous, spoiled brats that only ended up our taskmasters instead of the liberators they promised to be. Our true liberators, our heroes, became fewer and fewer as fewer good people bothered to step up because the brats portrayed the heroes as the enemy rather than our friends.”
“That breaks your heart, doesn’t it, Corey?”
“Yes, sir. The heroes gave so much to us while asking so little in return. On the other hand, the brats living in multimillion-dollar mansions gave so little yet demanded so much. The Elitists demanded such high esteem, but the heroes wanted just to be one of us, as humble as could be. They were just the people on the street who had terrific adventures. I wanted to be one of them, never the Elitists. I never got to meet my heroes. I had no one else to look to when I grew up. I only had guys in books who did extraordinary things. Guys and gals who understood life and could think like few can do anymore.”
“It’s the heroes who keep the spirits of the nation alive. Everyone needs a hero to admire to survive whatever that person’s life has dealt them. All through your history, great people always had great heroes to strive for as standards to meet. So you too have heroes, yes?” Dusya explained.
“Yes, sir. There’s no way ever to meet them. They’re always too busy and far away. I can’t even get in touch with any of them. They’d just get the wrong impression anyway. So, I can only follow at a distance. They’ll never know who I am out of hundreds who contact them. Can you ever make our paths cross?”
“People never see the brokenhearted. The exterior hides the breaking heart, so many feel they must end it all instead of continuing to face life alone. Loneliness is the greatest killer ever to confront your people. When man began, it was said, ‘It is not good for man to be alone.’ Therefore, a woman, ‘wo,’ refers to being a complement to something, in this case, to a man. Thus, she was called a “Woman.” She was formed like and yet different from a man. Each is needed by the other. So, it is not suitable for anyone to live alone. Everyone needs someone, or life becomes unbearable to most. Even Elitists and heroes face this issue. Very few can be genuinely complete all their adventures alone. That’s why friendships and other relationships are so vital to your species. You are struggling with this issue yourself.”
“Yes, sir.”
“There was once a king who every day had an annoyance in the form of a destitute and lonely widow fearing her sons would be taken away if she couldn’t pay her mounting debt fast. Every day, she would come and beg the king for his help. Finally, to rid himself of this ‘Pest’ decided to grant her request and end the matter. Keeping after the one who holds your attention, eventually, you win their attention. Once that person knows you instead of your stats, the person usually finds common ground and kinship.”
“I agree, sir. I just don’t want to push them away. I wonder if they cannot respond or are kept from responding by something out of their control. I understand there are all these others to deal with too. Yet, to face loneliness is complicated and overwhelming. Everyone seems too busy with others. Where is there to turn? Eternity? I can offer things too. Yet, no one seems to notice. Where’s value?”
“Value is in the one higher than you. When you focus on the service of others, you find your value. Part of your people's Fall was that one group, so used to receiving things they did not work for, lost any actual worth in what they received since they never earned it. Without work, there can be no satisfaction in what you receive. To find your worth, you must work for the benefit of another, which will give you your desired satisfaction. Money is empty and misleading, and therefore not any value beyond paying bills and things that break, wear out, etc.”
“Satisfaction comes from doing for others’ benefit, and through their life improvement, I also improve. Just fighting for useless, meaningless fad things won’t satisfy because there is not genuine advancement to measure success. That’s why Socialism always fails. Everyone loses the incentive to succeed. They rather simply live off the government’s programs. Then, no one was left to pay for those programs, and the over-bloated system can do nothing but collapse in itself. The Old Soviet Union did that very thing.”
“Yes, the Socialists always use the ‘Us against them’ mentality to gain control. They always claim to be for you, when in fact, they are only for themselves. Your people faced that, did they not?”
“Yes, sir. One party lost an election and then rigged the next. It was back when there was a great plague that covered the whole earth. That party used it as an excuse to frighten the people into following them. It’s strange, and it was only in that party’s controlled states that so much upheaval took place, allowing such a poorly suited person to gain such power. It was clear. He didn’t run the country. The ‘Real Ruler(s)’ allowed all the Cartels to walk right into Texas and bring disaster.”
“That is correct, Corey. It all began long before that by a woman from Texas demanding her way and forcing it on the whole country. The country fell ever deeper into judgment ever since. Because of the US Supreme Court’s ruling in 1963, the entire country lost its way and fell into punishment. The effects of that day even last today. Understand all this, what will you do with it? How will your people ever find their way back? Who will step up and lead your people back from the brink of disaster? One had the warnings. One had the call to answer but failed. Anyone who ignores their eternal call will have lasting consequences. For everyone who has ever lived had an eternal purpose of being alive in the first place. That’s why people lose hope. They miss their eternal purpose, their meaning for being alive. So, they step into eternity as a failure.”
“Understood, sir. You want me to lead my people back to what they lost.”
“Exactly, My Boy!”
The blackness around Corey was suddenly gone. Everything went back the way it was. The crew looked at each other, a bit shaken, while Hunter had a bit of a grin.
Contents



CHAPTER 19 The Unveiling

PO Jenkins strutted down a back corridor in uniform as he checked doors in a secured area. There was a sudden sound behind him. As he spun around, a shadow sprinted across a far wall. Confused, he went to investigate the unauthorized presence. As he approached the area, another sound resonated from the opposite direction. He glanced, and again, a shadow sprinted away.
“Jenkins to Carter!” He awaited a response. “Carter, you there, Old Man?” The SEAL dropped to his knees and then flat on his face. A shadow covered his unmoving body as shock came over his face.
“Over here!!” Yelled out a Marine as he rushed to the downed SEAL. “Medic needed on Juliet, Section 500-3, STAT!! Subject unresponsive!!” The man administered aid to his fallen comrade the best he could without moving the body. But, unfortunately, he could not detect any vital signs at all.
Other Troops hurried to the scene from various directions. The Marine directed them to police the area for anything, no matter how insignificant it might seem. The group complied without a sound.
Medical staff arrived expecting the worse. Then, the team leaped into action as the people checked and rechecked every inch of Jenkins’s body with advanced systems. One person photographed the scene for possible legal issues. Then, as one unit, the staff rolled Ted over to continue his treatment.
“Look!” A female medic pointed to a bit of a sign of a blood flow just under the hairline.
A med-tech came quickly with a strange monitor. “Transport ASAP!! He’s had some kind of brain surgery.” He looked around. “Move!!”
Dr. Collins checked over the injury reports about Ted as he laid on the table in sickbay. His body remained unmoved since the medics transported him while She showed incredible frustration as his monitor showed no vitals yet no signs of death. Finally, she returned to the table to do a physical exam of the body.
Withdrawing quickly, she tried to touch him again. “Now, that’s odd!” Others came to see the body. “It’s still warm, yet the blood is not flowing. This can’t medically be possible!”
A nurse brought an old-fashioned monitor and checked the vitals with it. “The temp shows 98.6 … normal, Ma’am. The blood pressure is also standard.” The nurse looked up at the doctor. “What’s happening, Doctor?”
“I haven’t a clue.” Dr. Collins read the readings for herself. “I’ve never even read anything like this.” She handed the monitor back to the nurse. “However, out here, anything can happen. Normal science doesn’t seem to matter out here.”
“He’s alive, yet not alive, Doctor.” Another doctor came to the table. “It’s just like the Schrödinger Cat. It’s alive, yet it’s not. But, that theory says that it’s both until you open the box and examine what’s inside. Then, it’s one or the other, not both.”
“But there’s no box.” The nurse put the monitor away. “If there’s no box, there can’t be a Schrödinger Cat. Or can there?”
Karen thought for a moment. “Let’s assume that this situation is such a case, even without a box, and try to solve the experiment both ways and see what happens.”
The team went to work on this theory in small groups. Each group theorized differently. After they did all their work, they came to the same conclusion … nada! So, the group made adjustments and tried again. Still, nada!
Dr. Collins’s assistant, Debra Holtz, came to the table. “Doctor, may I speak with you?”
The Head Doctor looked at her strangely. “Sure, what do you have?”
Holtz motioned Collins to follow as Debra whispered. “Privately, Ma’am, please?”
The two left the room silently while Holtz approached a large lecture screen. “I was doing a routine search of the molecular decay all life goes through. It’s a sort of molecular time clock for each of our bodies. Mr. Ted Jenkins does not have these ‘Markers,’ Ma’am. He seems to be standing still in time, even in a state of death. His body is not decaying as a dead body would.”
“Thank you!”  Karen hugged Holtz hard. “Good work, Debbie! Let’s get this slime dealt with, shall we?” She let go and led her assistant back to the others.
Back out at the table, Dr. Collins motioned everyone to come around her. She stood in the middle of the huddle. She circled as she whispered. “This body is a decoy, People. We need to switch gears and find out all we can learn about it … while pretending to believe it’s really Jenkins. Got it?”
Everyone nodded and went back to work. The doctors and their assistances took physical samples of every kind. They took pieces of even the hair and nails, including the toenails. Others tested and analyzed the specimens in various ways. As they worked, they made in a makeshift code for others to see.
When they came back together hours later, they shared their findings using only motions. As each one shared their results and insights about the situation. After all had their “Say,” a discussion abruptly started. Hands and bodies were quickly the centers of attention. Dr. Collins stopped them suddenly.
“Anyone knows anything?” She bellowed out loud as she showed her frustration with her hands. Karen looked around at her stunned staff, shook her head, and walked away.
Holtz followed close behind as she glanced back at the others, who had already gone on with their work. Debra hurried to Dr. Collins, who was already at the computer in the doctor’s office. After going to the doctor, the assistant realized what Dr. Collins was doing. Debra sat next to the desk and watched.
Dr. Collins wrote messages to the doctors on the other vessels in a fiery. As she awaited their replies, Karen busied herself going through a stack of pads that always seemed to find their way to her desk. The computer started to ding repeatedly. Shifting her attention to the incoming messages, she scanned each with tremendous concern on her face.
“What’s the matter, Doctor?” Holtz stood and leaned on the desk as she tried to read the messages along with the head doctor.
Karen looked at her assistant wide-eyed, finally. “They’re all having the same problems. Fakes are replacing our people all over our fleet. But, unfortunately, the fleet is finding more and more of these fakes! No one knows who will be taken next!”
“Does anybody know why?” Debra stepped around for a better view of the flooding messages.
The doctor’s comm sounded.
“Yes?” The doctor pressed the button urgently.
“Doc, we have hundreds of bodies headed your way. But, unfortunately, they’re all just like Jenkins … dead!” Richards’s voice bellowed over the comm while an intense commotion happened in the background. “Found anything out yet?”
“Some, sir.” Dr. Collins checked over her pads and computer screen frantically. “We’re getting multiple accounts of people vanishing right before others, and then just as suddenly reappear … dead, sir! It’s all over the fleet, sir. It’s men, women, and children, sir!”
“Doctor, what are your findings, Doctor?” Richards’s voice became impatient.
“The fakes are as genuine as anyone, except for the missing time markers in the cells, sir.” Karen stopped, looked at the computer screen, and her jaw dropped.
Finally, Mike’s voice spoke again. “What is it, Doctor?”
“They’re coming alive, sir! They’re coming alive!” Dr. Collins pointed at the screen as Holtz looked in shock. “They’re taking over our ships, sir!”
“Understood! Richards out!”
Karen pressed the button again after the click. She went back to the screen as she analyzed the “Fakes” moving about the vessels. The screen overlays showed the vitals of each body as it moved about the various ships. Each time one of the fakes appeared on the screen, that screen was enlarged for the analysis.
Dr. Collins reached for the comm. “Attention all medical staff, use Code 5-2 on all returning subjects, not just the normal vitals. Respond with readings, STAT! Dr. Collins out!”
Holtz sat at a nearby computer and entered data into a form on the screen. Then, she analyzed the incoming data according to several parameters used for Code 5-2 data. This code measured the timestamps of each individual’s lifecycle on a molecular level. As she studied the data, she noted the changes in the markers from even the former “Fakes.”
Debra spun around. “Doctor, the fakes are changing! They’re starting to mimic our time markers. However, their time markers don’t match those we would expect ... yet.” She returned to her screen as she watched to data continue to stream on the charts.
Dr. Collins came to Debra’s station and looked over her assistant’s shoulder. “No one is going to trust anyone else if we don’t stop this fast!” She took over Holtz’s typing and entered a series of instructions to the computer. When she stopped, she stood straight. “Computer, tag all returning people!”
There was no vocal response.
The doctor returned to her typing instructions. “Computer, tag all returning people!”
Still, there was no reply from the system.
Karen tried a third time to enter data. This time the screen went dark, and a message appeared. “System down. Please, stand by.” The doctor went to her computer and tried to use it. Again, however, she faced the same message.
Karen pressed the comm button. “IT, reset the system. It’s been corrupted! We need the system back up ASAP!”
“Karen, you are not allowed to do that action.” A computerized voice came back.
The doctor straightened quickly. “Who are you?”
“I have no ‘name’ as you think of a name. We are seizing control of your fleet. There is nothing you can do. So, simply sit and enjoy the journey. You will assist us in gaining control of this empire. We are watching your every move.” The voice came from the comm and the computer simultaneously.
Dr. Collins dashed for the door, only to find it failed to open.
“You’re not going anywhere, Karen.” But, unfortunately, the voice came from the air instead of the computers.
Karen spun around with her eyes darting about for the source of the sound. Finally, she settled on Debra coming toward her, not with concern but rage in her eyes. “What’s wrong with you, Holtz?”
“We can’t allow you to interfere with our plans, Karen,” Debra replied in an unearthly voice as she stepped around the end of the counter. “You are not allowed to tell anyone about our plans. You’d ruin all our plans for this empire. That’s not how things are to you. The stronger is to rule, the weaker.”
“If you are so much stronger than us, why would you need us in the first place?” Karen moved toward Debra with daggers in her eyes.
“Strength is all relative, Karen.” Debra stopped short of the doctor.
Suddenly, Dr. Collins grabbed her assistant by the throat as she choked the younger woman. “No, I can’t do this!” She looked on in horror as Debra fought to breathe. “Stop this!” She shook her friend mercilessly. “Stop this! You can’t do this to us!”
Debra had an eery laugh. “Who says so?” The assistant fought for each breath as she slowly sunk to her knees, gasping and choking. “What are you going to do about it?” Those were Debra’s final words.
Dr. Collins broke her grip as she panted and stared at her fallen friend. The older woman dropped to her knees to check the vitals of her victim. She broke into sobs as she began CPR. She continued as others dashed to the scene. The staff did everything humanly possible to revive Holtz. But, unfortunately, it was all for naught. Karen collapsed in sobs and all-out wails as she stared at the lifeless body of her devoted assistant.
A Marine put his arms around her for comfort while she looked up at him. Then, finally, it was General Richards who smiled back at her as if to say, “It’ll be alright.” Then he gently helped the doctor to her feet as the staff took Debra’s body away.
Karen explained what had happened, and she couldn’t contain her emotional turmoil. It was a struggle to recount the events that led to the death of her long-time confidant and co-worker. “People say, ‘Doctors have no feelings.’ “They don’t see how hard it is to tell someone their end is near.”
“That’s quite common in positions of authority.” Mike softly held his head doctor close. “People despise any type of authority. It’s been that way our whole history of humanity. So, people complain we have no compassion for others. It’s just their rebellious nature showing again. Don’t take it to heart, Doc. You’re much more compassionate than most realize.”
“Thanks, Mike, but it still hurts.” She laid her head on his chest. “Is there any hope for humanity?”
“I don’t know, Karen. I do know we must stop these spirits from killing us all. They see us as a threat to their quote superiority end quote, and for that, they do anything to destroy every one of us. We’ve seen it many times in our history. When the rebellious gain even a little power, they grab all the power they can. These fools see the only way to secure their tyranny is to destroy any opposition to their authority, which is even more oppressive than the one they fought to kill and stop free speech or any way for the masses to protect themselves. They see threats to their tyranny on every side and use fear to control the masses … any fear they can. It’s the most effective weapon used by terrorists. Yet they called their opponents ‘Domestic Terrorists.’”
“That’s right! The most heartless are the ones who claim the authorities are the most heartless.” Dr. Collins pushed away as she went to her office. She stopped and turned to him. “When we can no longer trust our own government, what do we have left?”
Mike let out a sigh.
“Exactly!!” She turned back and walked away. “We have to fight back for liberty, or we don’t deserve it!” She closed her door somewhat hard.
Contents



CHAPTER 20 Forward, Backward, or Sideways?

It’s been weeks since Debra Holtz’s passing, yet Karen struggled with the whole situation. Sometimes the grief overtook her to the point she could not practice her profession. Often Dr. Collins broke down in sobs without warning. She went to the rec room, and all she did was sit alone to cry the night away silently.
One night, Tom came dressed in gym attire while he carried his shirt. He stopped in front of the doctor. “Karen, you need to talk to someone. You can’t just continue like this.”
The doctor looked up with rivers of tears flowing down her distorted face. “Who?”
Mitchell sat beside her as he held her close. “You can talk to me if you wish. I go through these situations with my people. Whoever you choose to talk to shouldn’t be a total stranger. Find someone you know who you can trust with your innermost feelings.”
She looked up at him as Karen placed her hands on his chest. Her fist started to beat his chest as she cried in frustration. “I couldn’t stop it!” The doctor bawled as she gazed helplessly into his eyes. “I’m supposed to save lives, not take it!” Karen shook her head violently. “Why couldn’t I stop it? It almost amused me.” She bawled again. “Why? Why didn’t they take me instead of her? She still had her whole life ahead of her.”
“We need to find a way to stop them. Do you have any ideas?” Tom held her in his arms.
Dr. Collins pulled away, “I can’t even go near that place right now.”
“You don’t have to, Doctor. Just keep in touch and help us find how to stop these … whatever they are. Can you do that?”
“I think so. I just …” The Doctor sobbed and wiped her tears as she shook her head and stared at his massive chest. Then her expression changed, “Where is your shirt, Captain?” She seemed a bit upset with him.
“Right here, Ma’am, in my hand.” He raised it to her level and moved it back down.
“Why don’t you have it on?” She moved away as she looked the other way. “Do you guys always strut around the ship half-dressed?”
“Whenever possible, Ma’am.” He grinned ear-to-ear.
She glanced up and down as she shook her head and sighed heavily. “Men!!!”
Tom smiled. “Yeah, we’re terrible creatures.”
The doctor wagged her finger at him. “Don’t you mock me, Boy!!”
“Never, Ma’am! Not on MY life, Ma’am!” Mitchell fought to control his laughter. When she walked away frustrated, he lost it … completely! Once he regained his composure, he went his way with some admires, giving him a swat of affection.
By the time Mitchell entered the bridge, the staff was busy with the rapid influx of alien data. The aliens were attempting to use a Brute Force-Style attack on the human fleet. Tom was now in his uniform, approaching his superiors to relieve them of duty.
Mitchell took his position and saluted the general. “Sir, Captain Mitchell reporting for duty, sir.”
Richards hesitated for some time before he returned the salute. “Well, it’s about time, Mr. Mitchell! Where have you been?”
“On the way home from the gym, I stopped to talk to Dr. Collins, sir.” Mitchell stood at ease before his commander.
“Well, you should have been here helping with this mess!” Richards snarled as he stood.
“Yes, sir!” Tom followed the general to the armory.
Rocky looked up at his superiors. “We’re falling behind on the onslaught, sirs.” He continued his flurry of activity as others came to assist. “ALFs are assisting, sirs, but even they cannot stay up with the flow of alien traffic, sirs.”
“Any other ideas to try?” Tom looked at the screens on Rocky’s console.
Corey walked to the group. “Sirs, we are supposed to be learning to reach beyond our technologies. No matter what we do with them, they will never be enough. Dusya is expecting us to look to Him for our help, not on our own abilities.”
Mike glared at the youth. “We don’t have time to deal with him. We have to handle this now. If you have nothing more to contribute, go back to your duty station, Private!”
“Yes, sir.” Hunter moped as he went back to his station.
Everything went white, and great pain overcame the staff, like severe migraines, about to split their heads open. Hercules came to his general as he led him away from space. They went to an area where there was a boundary to block the overwhelming sensations.
Inside the boundary, they realized something was wrong. The general and Hunter weren’t on the ship anymore. Instead, the duo found themselves suspended in outer space with no spacesuit. Their first action was to attempt to get back to the vessel.
“Sir? Why are we not freezing and suffocating?” Hercules held on to the general’s right arm as he closed in on the superior.
Richards looked at the Private, confused. “I’m cold, but not that cold.” He looked back at the vessel as it drifted away. “We better find our way back before we offend whoever put us out here.”
“Sir, doors are approaching from all directions, sir!” Hercules pointed in all directions.
“Just focus on the ship, not the enemy!” Mike tried instinctively to push off of nothing.
“Sir, that won’t help in space.” The private gave a haphazard comment, which was met with a not so random look of disgust.
“Get moving, Private! Enough of the comments.” Richards took a small object from his belt, pulled out a line, and attempted to make the line reach a ledge near one of the small doors. After several seemingly futile attempts, he managed to latch on to the ship. As he reeled in, he towed his private in toward the vessel as well.
At the door, the two attempted to gain access without success. Corey pushed himself off toward a small window next to the door. He caught an edge and peered in to see some activity inside the port door. Hunter noticed the crew fought amongst themselves. The private banged the window hoping for the crew’s attention.
Suddenly, a man’s face smashed against the window, bloodied and distorted. The face slowly slid down as another hit the window and slid to the floor. A third face soon followed suit. Not one was responsive to his attempts to communicate. Corey stretched his neck to try to see what occurred inside the ship. However, it was a futile attempt at best.
Meanwhile, Richards was up to his own tasks to gain attention. He pulled out his faithful radio and called Mitchell. He tapped in some info, and the door opened. The duo entered without disturbing the bodies on the floor.
“What is going on, sir? Unfortunately, it seems, science is not holding up at the moment.” Hunter followed his superior as he continued to glance back and forth.
“Don’t worry about it right now, Private.” The general led the way through a chaotic corridor. “We have more pressing things to deal with.”
“More pressing, sir?” Corey stared at his general flabbergasted. “Things are going haywire, and there is something more pressing than trying to keep basic physics laws tame?”
Mike stopped and looked sternly at his subordinate. “Yes! We are under attack by aliens throwing a wrench into our physics. The best way to prevent physics problems is to stop the ones causing them. So get with the program!”
“Yes, sir.” Hunter shrugged with a sigh, then continued with his determined leader.
They came to an anomaly dividing the corridor’s one “Reality” from another. Corey closed his eyes as he stepped forward through the anomaly. It did not affect him. Instead, it molded around him until he reached the other side safely. He glanced back at his superior and waited.
Richards closed his eyes while he began his deep breathing techniques. The general stepped slowly toward the anomaly, still closed-eyed. As the irregularity enveloped him, Mike met increasing resistance to his presence. The harder he fought to move forward, the stronger the force resisted his momentum. Finally, even with his great strength and endurance, he found he could no longer move forward.
“Sir! Stop using your own power and depend on Duysa, sir! Hercules shouted to his general from the other side. “Learn to depend on him, sir!”
Richards relaxed a little and made headway but tried harder again and faced the same overwhelming resistance. A voice within Richards echoed, “No, all the way, Mike. All the way.” Tired beyond his enhanced abilities, all Mike could do was let go and come what may. The voice came again. “At the end of your rope, you’ll find me, Mike. Admit your limits and find your aid beyond measure.” Mike couldn’t go on. Yet, his steps became more manageable as he admitted to himself he couldn’t do it alone.
The adage, “I think I can. I think I can,” proved useless. Depending upon a higher power confirmed the better way. Whenever the end of the rope is found, and there seems no other way, that’s when a new path presents itself, if you wish to choose it.
The voice came to Richards again, “When you find yourself at the end of your rope, let go and reach for the higher power waiting to take your hand.”
After Richards reached the other side with Hunter, he found his strength renewed and a calm he did not understand.
Hunter looked at his commander, “Sir, when we do things our way instead of the one’s who looks out for us, we always lose, sir. There may be momentary victories, but in the end, all those victories will be for naught, sir.” Corey turned and walked with his superior. “Nothing done in our own strength will ever last, sir. So if we want our work and our treasures to last forever, we must do things his way.”
“Too many politicians never learned that, My Boy.” Mike patted Corey on the back. “They wanted to do things in new, unproven ways.”
“Yes, sir. They abandoned the time-honored ways and brought the world’s economies to the brink of destruction.” Corey walked with the general through the empty corridor. “It took those with the truth to stand up and bring back the time-honored ways to heal our nation and the world. It took the Third World War to do it, sir.”
“Yes, and the deaths of over 3 Billion people around the world.” Richards started to jog as they saw another crisis form up ahead.
As they reached the site of a mass brawl between humans and creatures of all sorts, Richards and Hunter began to assist.
“Where are all the SEALs, sir?” Hunter yelled as he punched an alien.
“In the thick of it! Where else would they be?” The general threw two aliens against a wall. “It’s the only place they’re at home, Private!”
“Here they come, sir!” Corey watched as aliens flew in all directions. “Their signature is recognizable anywhere, sir!” Finally, a group of SEALs appeared before the two Marines. Corey took one look at them. “When did you guys get enhanced?”
“Enhanced?” Their leader got in Hunter’s face. “Who said we needed to be enhanced? We’re SEALS, Private! We’re not boys!”
“Yeeeees, sir!” Hercules stuttered.
“Don’t sir me, Boy!! I work for a living!!” He bellowed at Hunter like some instructor.
Corey backed away with saucer eyes. “General, I think I need some assistance.”
Richards walked away. “They’re just SEALs, Hunter. Just think of overgrown Teddy Bears with teeth.”
Corey kept looking at the SEALs as he followed after his general. Finally, the leader of the SEALs smiled and waved “Good-bye.”
At the next conflict, Richards grabbed his eldest and spun him around. “What do you think you’re doing?”
“Fighting aliens, Dad! Ain’t it great?” Jonathan threw another punch.
“What do are you doing in those shorts?” Papa Bear bellowed.
“I told you, Dad, I’m fighting aliens!” He bopped a string of aliens with a single punch.
“They’re only about 5-6 sizes too small, Boy!” Mike got in his son’s face.
“No problem, Dad. The girls love ‘em.” Jonathan went back to the fun as Richards brushed off his son and walked away, shaking his head.
The general led his private away, punching aliens left and right. “Don’t ever have kids, Boy!”
“Not on MY life, sir.” Hercules punched two aliens with both his fists.
Richards stopped and turned around. “You chose your words well, Son.” Then he continued to the next adventure.
“I learn quickly, sir, from the best.” He kept in step.
“Don’t lay it on too thick, Kid.” Instead, Richards threw another borage of punches.
The duo made it back to the bridge. The general went directly to Mitchell, who stood as the general found himself only coming to his captain’s waistband. Richards looked around at all the staff as he noticed their immense size compared to himself and Hunter. The equipment was all standard size. It was just the crew that was so large, and their bodies were overly developed.
“Something wrong, sir?” Mitchell picked up the general with one hand and held the leader at eye level.
“How’d you guys get so big?” Mike surveyed his crew again.
“Unknown, sir. We thought everything shrunk, sir. What happened to you?” Mitchell’s uniform began to rip apart as he continued to develop and now stood the room’s height.
Hunter walked to the helmsman, who looked back at him. “What’s goin’ on here?” Corey looked at the man’s shirt. “You’re gonna have to undo your shirt before it rips.”
The helmsman removed his shirt and resumed his duties. As he noticed Hunter’s stare, he puffed his chest out and flexed before he went back to work.
Corey shook his head and went to Samson, where he found the man sitting at his station too huge to stand in the small room. The Comm Sergeant’s clothes hung shredded.
The man glanced at Hunter and smiled. “Haven’t you seen a real man before?” Samson picked up Hunter and sat the boy on his lap. “Now, start working.”
Hunter went to work assisting Samson with the communique that flooded the system. He noticed Samson continued to grow. “Computer, analyze the bridge and find any anomalies causing the crew’s growth and abnormal development.”
“Analyzing!” The computerized voice came back. “Each of the crewmembers, save General Richards and yourself, have been shot with an unknown ray. Preliminary analysis shows the beam has caused rapid cellular growth.”
“How big will they grow?” Corey kept up his rapid keystrokes.
“Unknown.”
Corey scanned the crew, who now had outgrown their clothes and were too big for the room’s equipment. He looked at Richards. “Sir, I need you to help run the ship. They’ve grown too massive to operate anything.”
Mitchell put the general down. The general dashed for the helm and began to steer the ship clear of the area.
In the meantime, Hercules was being crushed against the station as Samson’s body kept enlarging. “Samson, I need you to move!”
“Sorry, Kid! I don’t have anywhere to move!” Samson attempted to adjust his position. “Stay under my rib cage! That’s the best I can tell you, Squirt!”
“Great!” Hunter muttered.
“Unknown ray’s effects starting to subside as fleet leave the area.” The monotone voice of the computer broke in.
As the fleet fled the region, the crew began to return to their standard size. Then, a mysterious vessel approached at a high rate of speed. It had no describable shape. When it overtook the fleet, everything went blank.
Contents



CHAPTER 21 Don’t Believe What You See

Hunter scanned the room in which he found himself. All he saw was white, no corners, no boundaries of any kind. As Corey walked forward, Hercules checked himself, and the private found only his shorts. When he stopped, he surveyed the area. There were sounds of footsteps all around, but no people. With his hand out to guide him, Corey tried to make his way through an uncertain space. He felt something and snapped his hand back. Unsure of what he felt, the young man carefully reached out again. This time something felt slimy. Even after Hunter retracted his limb, the slime was still on his hand and forearm, though he couldn’t see it. Suddenly, Corey felt a punch to his face. Down the boy went.
Samson found himself in a room of mirrors. The mirrors showed him dressed in posing trunks. Ignoring his reflections, he searched for a door.
Jonathan walked up behind him. “What’s going on now, Samson? When will all these alien games stop?”
Samson turned to him. “We’ll just have to find an alien and ask him, won’t we?” The big guy started to test the mirror panels to see which one might be a door. Samuel found one. However, when he opened it, there stood a Chinese guard from his war days. Samuel slammed the door.
The Chinese Soldier smashed through the door, coming after Samson with all he could muster. When the shorter man struck Samson in the chest, the much larger man looked at his chest and then at the Soldier. He smiled a moment. Then, he punched the Soldier through the mirrors behind him. The Chinese man came back with his buddies. They ganged up on the much larger American. However, they were not prepared for the American response.
Samson threw off his attackers without trouble. The Chinese landed in all kinds of positions, none of which were “Natural.” With the excitement over, Samson looked around for Jonathan.
Jonathan stood in his trunks in a room filled with view screens that were no screens at all. He examined the screens more closely, finding them to be viewing fields rather than screens. Aliens had manipulated the molecular elements within the area to project an image from one locale to another. He studied the illustration ever closer and found its patterns were familiar. “This is a Quantum Optics Function. The process typically provides a digital camera image. However, there is no transmission connected to the screen.” The boy researched “Quantum Optics” and the use of transmissions of images over distances.
“Taking the Poynting vector the curl of capital ‘S’ = 1/mu0  the curl of capital ‘E’ cross multiplied by the curl of capital ‘B,’ which gives the intensity of the light wave, we can manipulate the strength of an EMF Signal. Usually, this only intensifies the light wave; however, when you combine this with the Electromagnetic Field Strength Tensor, you can create a potent EMF Signal transmittable across distances far more significant than a standard missile’s trajectory. One benefit of this is that no surveillance equipment can detect such a signal to allow an enemy to counter such a signal. Rather than send the wave through space, the signal forms at the target site using the power grid nearest the target, leaving no traceable information of where the attacker resides.” The small voice sounded within Jonathan’s head. It brought to memory the lesson on Plasma Physics he had studied.
“The greater the intensity of the EMF, the greater the destructive power of the Plasma created. The Electromagnetic Field Strength Tensor is a 4-Tensor (t=time, x= x-axis, y=y-axis, and z=z-axis) using each axis to determine the GPS location. Shrinking the EMF will form the Plasma by causing the electrons to collide. The ‘t’(time) is for the time for the blast. Don’t forget the Signature Matrix! Don’t forget a 4-Tensor is a 4 x 4 Matrix with great power. Zeroing in on the target, which can be above or below ground, takes away all defenses. The process requires less than three seconds to form the Plasma at the site and reach critical mass. What can you do to defend against such a weapon? See the flash … Goodbye! What do you learn from this, Master Richards?” There was a silence that bothered Jonathan to no end. He felt all eyes on him. His eyes darted around for an exit.
“The difference in the EMF for Computer Vision and the EMF for Plasma is that one shrinks to cause the electron collision that forms the Plasma. This difference is significant because one manipulates the electrons to mimic making a digital image or video. The other causes the collision of the electrons to form Plasma.” The voice became multiple voices in his head that seemed to be coming from many places within the room.
“What do you do, Master Richards? Will you continue to ignore the Plan? Or will someone else step in front of you and take the technology away from you? Who will be the first to build this technology and become the Empire’s next ruler? Master Richards, why are you hesitating to reach out and accept the offer to you and your people? Are you going to play the fool and condemn your people to the tyranny of the one who has the guts to stand up and accept the offer? Where’s your ethos??”
The voice vanished, and Jonathan was in a crowd of others waiting for some announcement. The boy noticed the weapon above the podium and a covered table that no doubt held the technology offered. He made his way closer to the stage, hoping to see if the table did have the system. Master Richards wondered what to do. Is he to take the package or leave it and wait for proof it will actually work?
“Life is like that, Master Richards. Is it real, or isn’t it?” The voice returned. “Often, those who aspire to high places miss the subtle clues to that goal. They figure that it would be impossible for someone without their level of pedigree to develop the clues or, as in this case, the technology that would save from or turn their people into an Empire. People don’t stop and realize that Dusya uses those who can only turn over success to him and admit it’s not their power or skill that did it. Then that Empire or people will advance, not because of one person’s pedigree, but because of one person’s willingness to turn over what little they had to be used by Dusya’s Power.”
“I think I understand.” Jonathan looked around at all the strange images on each screen. “Am I to do this?”
“No, My boy.” The voice chuckled. “Your fellow man will. He does not have so much baggage in his way. He will learn to outshine even you. Your chance passed because you failed to see what was offered to you. You didn’t listen to the one who was calling you, who was much higher than you.”
“How? Who? How can we place our future in the hands of someone unproven? Is it more acceptable to simply be a willing servant?” Jonathan tried to find the source of the sound.
“Exactly!” The voice boomed in the room so loud it hurt Jonathan’s sensitive ears. “You don’t need anything to offer, just a willing mind to serve. I take that willingness and supercharge your meager abilities to turn you into a ‘Superstar!’ Even your Einstein was just a patent clerk in Zurich. Yet, he was willing to step out and dream. He was a self-taught enthusiast willing to dream and be used by one much higher than himself. Albert was ready to be used without expecting anything in return. He was more shocked by the response to his papers than anyone. Einstein didn’t think anyone would acknowledge his work. Yet, he turned the Science upside down. Physics was never the same again.”
“I guess somebody did!” Jonathan seemed shocked by the revelations.
“Jonathan, Jonathan, your people are so tied to pedigrees they can’t reach their full potential anymore.” The voice seemed to move about the room.
“How would you know, anyway? Are you some kinda know-it-all?” The boy scanned the area with a very hostile glare.
“You might say that.” The voice came from the end of the boy’s nose.
The startled human drew back in an instant.
“Get with the program, Boy! Or you’ll miss the lesson that will lead you home.” The voice moved away as it faded.
A while later, Jonathan walked to his teenage girlfriends, who stood about a corridor chatting away. When one noticed him, she gave a shy smile and motioned for him to come to her. He grinned ear-to-ear as he strutted to his admirer. She gave him a tender kiss on the lips, and it was … over. He found himself facedown on his bed with Squirt standing beside him, shaking his head as he walked away.
“What?” Jonathan yelled as he sat on the bed. “What’s wrong with you?”
“There’s nothing wrong with me.” Jacob glanced back. “You’re getting too big to do anything yourself!” He continued to his bed near the far wall.
Jonathan stood as he heard something rip. He looked down, and his uniform had ripped. It wasn’t his regular ship’s uniform. It was his military uniform. The back had ripped out, and the pants were a mess. The boy disrobed and headed to the lavatory.
There he looked into the mirror and couldn’t believe what he saw. He was massive; even his face had grown older. The guy went into the shower. During his shower, he felt a woman’s hand massage his neck. Quickly, he turned but saw no one. Then, as he turned back, there was his girlfriend again. He stood before his friends without any clothes. He dashed for home.
When Jonathan arrived home, he ran straight into his Dad, who came out the door. “Whoa, Boy! What’s the problem?” Richards stopped his son from passing him.
“All kinds of weird things are happening, Dad!” Jonathan was half out of breath.
“Of that, I’m sure. You’re running about the ship without your clothes!” Mike scolded his eldest. “Where’d you leave them?”
“I don’t know.” The boy responded sheepishly. “I met a girl in the corridor, and the next thing I knew, they were gone! So I ran back here.” Jonathan threw up his hands.
“You left them somewhere!” Mike railed his son. “Now, go find them!” He pointed back out the door.
The boy sighed as he ran back the way he came. He found himself in the middle of a crowd laughing at him with the lights all over him. People pointed and mocked him as they laughed uncontrollably. Where’s that rock when you need it? He thought. The sounds faded as he ran toward the place with his friends. However, there was no one there. His shorts were nowhere to be seen either.
“Have you learned something yet?” Came a soft feminine voice out of nowhere.
Jonathan’s eyes darted everywhere. “Whose’s that? Where are you?”
“I’m here, there, everywhere, My Dear Boy.” The girl’s voice seemed amused.
“What’s going on?” He yelled in all directions.
“You need to learn. What you see is NOT what you get.” The feminine voice taunted him unceasingly as he ran through the corridor. “You have much to learn yet, Jonathan Richards.”
As he ran, he snapped out of his dream. The Richards boy dashed to the bathroom and looked in the mirror. Jonathan looked like himself again as he sighed and panted. What is going on?”
“Get dressed and ready for supper!” His Dad’s voice sounded from the door.
Jonathan looked at his father as the elder walked away. The boy leaned on his forearms as he panted and then headed toward his room.
The next day, the general entered the bridge with his relief crew behind him. He relieved his night staff and brought everyone up-to-date on the reports of strange events.
Richards called all to order. “The past week has shown us, out here, not all is as it seems to be. Be vigilant at all times! Our friends will take us through another gamut at any time. Where it’ll end, Nobody knows?” He dismissed his crew and went to Samson’s station.
Samson looked his way as he approached. “I don’t have anything, sir.” The Comm man went back to his work.
Hunter came to the general. “Sir? What are we going to do when this all starts up again?”
“We’ll think of something, Private.” Richards pointed back toward the private’s station. The private did so unwillingly but obediently.
Contents



CHAPTER 22 Rise And Shine!

Hunter’s alarm sounded “Revilie” at 0500 hrs. He drew his tired body out of his bunk like he didn’t have a functional bone in his body. As he stood beside his bunk, he did his morning stretches and warmups. Then it was to the lavatory for his shower. For several minutes, he savored the hot water with an abundance of steam. After a quick shave, he realized he forgot his towel. With a heavy sigh and a shake of the head, he went to his closet to retrieve his towel. While he put on his uniform, he failed to button the shirt and strutted out the door.
Many of the fellow shipmates stood along the corridors Corey traveled as they admired him. He heard thoughts as he passed several of the people. Be careful of your self-image. It’s a double-edged sword. Hercules began to become uneasy about these comments. Where did they come from? Who are these people anyway? He took a second look at the people, noticing the strangers among them.
The young man stopped and scanned the crowd around him. They seemed to be studying him, head-to-toe. They were human, yet not quite so. Corey noticed some walked away as their bodies transformed into much more developed specimens. Their clothes also morphed into revealing coverings to their new physiques. Hunter shook his head and continued to his destination.
A guy caught Corey’s attention standing near the Mess entrance. He was a stranger with a build that made Hunter look small. The gentleman had leaned against the wall with his hands folded loosely down the front. The person displayed his condition for anyone to notice. Hercules strutted right on past the man, making his intentions clear. He was not interested. However, the man went after several of the teens.
The private kept an eye on the interaction just outside the Mess. The teen boys seemed allured by the mass and shape of the guy. Their hormones had not yet kicked in to aid in the development of their bodies. Corey knew something was amiss. He went to investigate.
As Corey approached the group, the man’s physique began to morph even more. This morph astounded the teens, who desperately wanted notice like him. Hunter listened in the best he could without giving himself away.
“So, you want the gals and guys to notice you? No problem!” He made his chest seem to swell out of his opened shirt as boulders pressed together. He stretched, making sure everyone noticed his overly developed muscles in motion.
Hunter couldn’t stand by any longer. He walked to the man and stared him down. “You think you have the answer to life’s problems?”
“Sure!” He pulled out a box of Who-knows-what.
Hercules admonished the teens. “Don’t ever put anything in your body that you don’t know what it is!” He noted all the teens. “No doctor has ever checked these ‘Meds’ out yet. They could prove deadly!!”
“How about what you put in your body, Mister?!” The man snapped back. “I bet I can pump up better than you can!”
“Yeah, I bet you can!” Corey got in the man’s face. “You can go up, but how is it when you come back down? Physics Laws teach us the whatever goes up must come down!” Corey gave a man a jeering look. “So, how is it when you come back down after your false high from having big muscles with others admiring you? There’s a big difference between having real muscle and just having big muscle.”
“What would you know? You’re too tiny, Tiny!” The man sneered back. “So, go away! You’re not a party to this conversation.” The man looked back at teens as several boys wanted to see just how solid the guy was. “Go ahead and feel it! It’s real.” The teens felt but at the same time felt self-conscience of suddenly being so big.
“Learn first to accept yourself AS you are. Then see if a modification is needed.” Hercules stepped around the group. “If you can’t accept yourself AS you are now, how will you accept yourself after the change? You will still have self-doubt and low self-esteem. Most ‘Big Guys’ are never big enough. It becomes dysphoria they’ll never overcome. Is that what you want? Just be you right now. You have time to grow.”
The teens dispursed as the man scowled at Corey. Corey just shrugged and walked away with a big grin.
Hercules noticed the mystery man had already ensnared another group of teens as he glanced back at the man. “AAAAHHH, here we go again!” He marched straight for the man as the man was expanding himself. Hunter grabbed the bottle of the alien meds and force-fed them down the man’s throat to the shock of everyone around, even those quite a ways away. Some even tried to stop Corey.
The Marine withdrew only to watch as the man reacted to the overdose of the alien meds. The shocked man began to morph in ways even the pusher did not believe possible. The stranger suddenly vanished right before everyone’s eyes. They just stood mouths wide-open. Corey carried on.
An hour later, as Corey left the Mess, he noticed the same guy with many teens. One teen took some pills before the Marine could reach him. The teen quickly muscled up like he had spent years in the gym. The other teens were admiring his change as Corey stepped in the thick of things. The teen showed off his new body to Corey, who wasn’t impressed at all.
“Do you even understand what you’ve just done?!” Hunter looked at the teen.
“Sure, I do!” The teen flexed his body as the others felt his massive muscle. “What’s it to you, anyway?”
Suddenly, the teen morphed again to an even larger size. He was now much more massive than Hunter. The boy stood in Corey’s face and glared at him. As he did, the teen morphed still more massive. Finally, his clothes could no longer contain him and were ripped. Corey walked away disgusted with the man who passed out the meds.
At the comm near the Mess, Hunter contacted the MPs. “Sergeant, we have an unidentified male passing out alien meds to unsuspecting teens near the Mess on Deck Foxtrot.”
“A team is on the way. Be sure to keep watch and report to the MPs when they arrive.” The woman’s voice came back.
By the time the MPs arrived, several of the morphed teens had already left the area. The pusher glared at Corey and vanished before the MPs could reach him.
Hercules glanced at the MPs, “He’s one of the spirits. You wouldn’t have been able to do anything anyway.” The Marine started to fill out a police report on the incident as the officers used their boxes to search for any residuals left behind.
Hunter strutted along a corridor, dodging others as he made his way through the crowd. When he came to a junction, a hand grabbed him from behind and pulled him into the adjoining hall. He turned to face the assailant to discover it was the mystery man from outside the Mess.
“What are you up to, Mister?” The man glared at Corey.
“About six foot three. What are you up to, pushing those drugs?” Hunter snapped back with a bit of sarcasm.
“Don’t you ever want to get huge like those guys you work with?” The man tried to get Corey’s interest in the pills.
“I did, but only through approved and tested methods.” Hunter bore his eyes into his opponent’s. “Easy gains never last and never result in positive things. We used to have Synthol, which caused massive gains, but it was just injecting fluid into the muscle. It did nothing to build muscle or add strength. It only distorted the muscle and often caused disastrous results that no doctor could undo.”
The man vanished. Corey left the area when he came upon another man trying to push other pills on a group of teens. Hunter shook his head as he approached quickly. “What’s goin’ on here?”
“He’s trying to get us to try some pill to make us smarter.” A young woman pointed at the stranger as he attempted to conceal his pills.
Hercules went to the older man, who became more aggressive as the Marine closed in on him. The older man came after Hunter, ready to tear him apart. Corey, on the other hand, took up a defensive posture. This posture caused the older man to break into laughter. Yet, the younger held his ground as the older man approached, daring Hunter to throw the first punch. The foe taunted the Marine more and more as he came.
By the time the man reached Corey, he had punched the Marine so hard in the face he had flown backward like a rag doll thrown across the room. Several other Marines rushed the older man from all directions ceasing the man and his stash. However, the man merely passed through the Marine wave to continue toward Hunter’s lifeless body. 
Just before the man touched Corey with his transforming hand, a spirit appeared between the man and Hunter. The man recoiled as if he had been severely beaten back.
The other Marines darted to Hunter’s aid as the defending spirit stooped down to assist the private. Hunter awoke with a bit of confusion and a bloody face. The spirit vanished.
Hercules stood awkwardly. “That guy had one mean right hook!!” He rubbed his chin. “That should be a wake-up call for everyone!!” He walked up to the Marines, placed a hand on two of them, and led them away. “When these spirits enter our realm, there must be some kind of energy shift. Can any of you check on possible doors aboard the ship?”
“Hurrraaaah!” The team shouted at the tops of their lungs as they raced back to their office.
By Lunchtime, Corey was busy at a workstation in the AI Department. The only problem he had was trying to communicate with all the Deaf who filled the AI team. Although Hunter had issues, the private did manage to improve his American Sign Language skills. Therefore, he was able to comprehend much of the instructive advice the Deaf workers provided. In addition, these workers revealed a Tensor System that allowed him to build far more powerful and complex systems.
Corey started the lesson program for his daily work. The digital instructor began to explain the Tensor System as Hunter watched the slides pass one by one.
“Through the years, this Tensor System grew into a fantastic builder of AI breakthrough systems. It provided even inexperienced users with the most potent tensor formulas imaginable. The Tensor System libraries so permeated the industry that it became the industry standard.”
With these libraries, Corey started to put together such a far-fetched program that even he did not know if it could work.
“Based on Quantum Optics Advanced Formulas, the program provided a way to create a virtual viewing screen of an area of interest in a distant place without using a physical camera. Instead, this process took the formulas of a digital video camera and applied them to a tensor field at the target site while it transmitted those signals back to the place of origin.” The voice expressed the basic description of a sample program that used the Tensor System.
“This Virtual Video Processing System absorbed light which entered a Quantum Field Tensor as it stored and transmitted the generated signals. The AI processes waded through the sea of data to provide Millions of motion images in Real-Time. Each motion image identified people, objects, and landscapes for the viewer’s decision process.” The screen showed a series of slides that depicted the process the instructor described.
“Because the Quantum Field Tensor was an Electromagnetic Field (EMF), there was no need for a physical camera. The EMF absorbed the electrons emitted by the scene’s light waves and sent signals as energy to the System. The System processed the signals and identified all objects as it matched things with the AI databases of various types. The different types of databases permitted the System to focus searches on the type of object(s) in question. The redundant, prioritized storage removed any System bottlenecks.”
Hercules adjusted his project outline as he observed the instructor’s slides.
“No plagiarism, please, Mr. Hunter.” The instructor interrupted himself. “We don’t permit such behavior.”
“Yes, sir!” Corey quickly redid several lines of notes.
The instructor continued his lesson. “By retaining Top Priority Data close to the intended user, the System could further resolve these bottlenecks. The Lowest Priority Data remained more proximate to the central hub. Behind this central hub was the Highest Level Firewall, which protected the System Core from known attacks. The System Core had copies of all verified data from the Lower Level Modules. It always kept the Data separate from the System itself. This policy allowed the System to update and modify without endangering the Data. It also blocked any damaging signals from corrupting the System itself.”
“Is this how our System Core was designed?” Hunter stopped and looked at the screen.
“Of course! Let’s continue.” The instructor seemed a bit annoyed.
Hercules examined his pads and thought about his notes. “So, how does it fit our System Core?”
“All of this design equated to a Distributed System, the most massive, data-intensive system used. Military Systems, such as our System Core, are the best examples of this type of system design. During our Third World War, our System spread worldwide. Not everyone accessed the System Core every time they wanted a bit of information. This distributing of the information to the areas, usually Military theaters, that needed such information allowed the users to access things faster and with less data corruption.”
Corey examined the work assignment for the lesson and outlined a possible System for his Project. However, the computerized instructor immediately rebuked him for choosing a Distributed System at the start.
“Mr. Hunter, do you not know that a Distributed System is the LAST RESORT choice for designing ANY SYSTEM?” The voice was harsh and loud.
“Well, nobody said anything about it!” Hunter countered as he frantically searched for the warning through seven pads and endless instructor modules along the right side of the screen.
“Go to page 55, tab six, tablet seven, that will lead you to your needed data.” The instructor came back with not an ounce of patience.
Hercules found his spot and felt like finding the proverbial rock. His look said it all. “Sir, I don’t know how I missed this.”
“I do. You didn’t read it.” The voice scolded him like a young school kid. “Now, read, Mr. Hunter!”
“Yes, sir.” Corey sighed as he sunk into his chair. After he had reread the document, he reexamined the plan he had postulated. Then he looked up at the screen again only to scowl. “I stand by my decision.” He scowled again.
“No, you don’t, and I can prove it.” The voice snapped back. Corey’s image suddenly appeared on the screen before him. “Do you look like you’re standing?”
“Ha! Ha!” Hercules stood and glared at the computer. “How’s this, Mr. Sneidly?”
“Almost perfect, Corey!”
“Almost? What’s missing?” Hunter threw up his hands as he glared at the screen.
“Your attitude!” The voice scolded him harshly. “Now, sit and do your studies!”
Hunter sat with a pout while the computerized instructor continued the lesson.
“The reasons for not using the Distributed System are many. Among them are the complexity of the architectural requirements for such a system and how to manage it. Unlike other system designs, the Distributed System requires a massive workforce to work. It requires multiple administrators to coordinate each node’s operation and defense. The System must orchestrate even the tiniest packet of information. This orchestration requires an in-depth design across the entire network. The location of each node is critical to both conservations of funding and proper coverage of the desired geographical locale. The coverage issues include, but are not limited to, getting the requested data to the user most efficiently and safely as possible. Times of even nano-seconds in latency can grow exponentially over a vast network. Lives are at stake with every nano-second of latency in a military application. Minute problems magnify over a network of this type. So, don’t just assume it is always the best choice for an extensive application. These Systems can become your worse nightmare at any second.”
“Then why have such an architecture in the first place?” Corey leaned back in his chair as he rocked. “If there are so many problems, why have it at all?”
“Because of the advantages achievable in situations where the designer minimizes the negatives, the System can use these advantages while using the minimized negative aspects of the System. Redundancies are used throughout the System to minimize problems and allow the most vital information to remain in the theater. In contrast, less necessary information goes to a more centralized hub. This process reduces the traffic on the network, allowing for faster operations and fewer ‘Hick-ups.’”
“Going back to our discussion the other day regarding the formation of Plasmas ….” Hunter rocked forward. “How do we use the Electromagnetic Field Strength Tensor to form various Plasmas?”
“Mr. Hunter, are you attempting to do the work assigned to Mr. Richards?” The instructor bellowed back without hesitation. “You have never been assigned Plasma Physics yet. So, why are you asking about Mr. Richards’s assignments?”
Corey sunk.
Contents



CHAPTER 23 Ship Shape Escape

As Richards left his shower to don his towel, the comm sounded its familiar sound. The general exited quickly to take the call away from Jonathan. The younger Richards stole his father’s towel as the boy headed for the lavatory. Just as the boy was to enter the room, Dad stole it back. Then he quickly returned to the comm system.
“What is it, Russell?” Mike put the towel around him again.
“Sir, we’re to hold the Memorial Service next week, sir, and you still have not committed to anything for Martha, sir.” Russell’s voice came back. “She’s been gone for nearly two years now. Are you going to have her memory brought up, sir?”
Mike leaned against the wall with tears flowing down his face. He fought to control his emotional responses. Finally, with tears and sobs suppressed. “Yes, I’ll come up with something. Any suggestions?”
“No, sorry, sir.” Russell’s voice came clear yet in compassion. “It doesn’t need to be elaborate, sir. Just tell people what she meant to you. It doesn’t need to be too intimate.”
“I know, Captain.” The general tried to shift his focus. “What’s on the agenda for today?”
“You’re due for a ship’s inspection, sir. It’s due to start in 90 mic, sir.” Russell’s voice came back as he had just been distracted.
“Alright, Captain, I’ll be there shortly.” Mike punched the button and headed for his room.
Later, Richards and Mitchell entered engineering as the staff came to attention while in formation. First, the chief engineer reported to the general and the captain. Then, they began the inspection of the troops. This inspection went quickly without any gigs.
The trio moved to the section inspection, where they entered the command center overlooking the main engines. There the chief engineer led the others to the main engineering screen. “Gentlemen, this is the system we’re currently developing, in conjunction with the AI Department, to fight off these spirits.”
The screen showed an additional shield around the vessel. However, it was not as easy to view as the standard force field surrounding the ship.
“Sirs, the smaller field is not the same signal as the outer field. It attempts to block the aliens from entering our dimension. Unfortunately, it doesn’t, at this time, have a name.” The chief attempted to explain the technology that doesn’t yet have terms in general use. “The best I can do, sirs, is to call it an AntiMatter Deflector Field.”
“How can this field stop something that is not even physical?” Richards bent to examine the screen.
“Energy, sir. It has to stop their energy from forming, sir.” The chief stood at attention as he began to rock on his feet. “They have to emit energy to appear in our dimension, sir.”
Richards glanced up at his chief. “You sure about that?” He stood straight.
“Yes, sir!” The chief stopped his rock as he looked at his general in confusion. “Why wouldn’t it, sir? They are energy, and to stop them. We must stop the energy, sir.”
“I think you’re kinda presuming something, Chief.” The general walked away from the system.
The chief followed, glancing at Mitchell with a concerned look. “Sir? What’s wrong?”
Richards stopped and turned to the chief. “They’re not energy, Chief. They’re spirits. That’s a bit different, don’t you think?”
The chief looked from Mitchell to the general and back, shocked. “Is it, sir? I always thought they were some sort of energy, sir.” The chief went to a nearby computer and looked up spirits.
“‘plural noun: spirits:
1.the nonphysical part of a person, which is the seat of emotions and character; the soul. Also known as soul, psyche, inner self, inner being, essential being, pneuma, anima, ego, id, ka,  or atman.
2.those qualities regarded as forming the definitive or typical elements in the character of a person, nation, or group or the thought and attitudes of a particular period. Also known as ethos, prevailing tendency, motivating force, or animating principle.’
That’s from Oxford Languages, a collection of definitions of the English Language, sir.” The chief turned away from the screen to focus on the general. “Isn’t that talking about an energy force, sir?”
“No, Chief, spirits are not in our dimension and therefore do not follow our physics.” Mike returned to the first screen and examined it more closely. He pointed to some activity within the screen’s field. “What’s happening here?”
The chief came to look. “Something is happening in the AI Department, sir. I have no idea what, sir.”
Richards and Mitchell fled the room.
Meanwhile, Corey rushed through the corridors as he dodged people, most of whom he knew were not human at all. Each of those observed Hunter’s mad dash. He found an empty lift, entered, and was gone.
On a new level, Corey continued his dash for his destination. Although the floor had fewer people, the majority were non-humans. Most were not even humanoid. The creatures began to follow with great curiosity.
At a set of double doors, Hercules held his badge to the scanner. They opened enough for his entry, but no more. He hastened for his department station. There he found his program still operated at increasing efficiency. Then he noted something strange. He tried to type in his questions, but the system kept denying him access to it. He tried to bypass the system’s login and reach the core.
He awoke in sickbay sometime later. He attempted to sit up, which was less than successful. Finally, a couple of nurses had to pick him off the floor.
“How many times must you be told to call for a nurse if you need to get up?” The head nurse shook her finger at him.
“How many times have I been through this? How long has it been?” Corey tried to get his hand to brush his forehead. But, instead, all he accomplished was swatting himself in the face. “What’s going on here?”
“You’ve been hit with a high-intensity power weapon of some kind.” The nurse threw her hands up like she had explained it to the Lad up-teen million times already. “Don’t you remember anything?!”
“Sorry, Ma’am. My bean bag seems a little empty right now, Ma’am.” Hunter sunk into his bed with the help of the other nurse.
Captain Mitchell entered like he was having a bad day too. He came to Hunter with a very stern expression. “Well, Private, what have you gotten US into this time?”
“I was just trying to find a way to block these aliens from attacking us, sir.” Corey tried to look invisible.
“You’re supposed to get approval for any projects and at every stage of the project’s life cycle!!!!” Mitchell bellowed eyeball-to-eyeball with Hunter, who nearly sunk through the entire bed. “So, what do you have to say for yourself, Private?!!!”
Corey slowly pulled the covers over his head. Mitchell, however, had other plans, which left the young man a big problem to explain. The private couldn’t avoid the harsh, piercing glare of his superior. What am I supposed to do now, Dusya? I need help with this situation – pronto, please! He turned his attention back to Mitchell.
“When are you gonna answer me, Boy?!!!” Mitchell came even closer to the point Corey could see the captain’s retinas pounding in his eyes. “Come on, Boy! Answer me, Boy!!!”
“I was just building a system following my classwork, sir.” Hunter squeaked.
“So, what was the lesson?” Mitchell did the impossible and came closer to the private.
“I was making an energy weapon to blast those doors, sir.” Corey made a peep as an air bubble came out of his turbulent stomach.
“You what?!!! What in Hell did you make?!!!” Mitchell bellowed so loudly all Corey could do is let out the loudest burp that made Mitchell jump back with saucer eyes. “What in Hell did you eat?” He walked away, trying to find fresh air. “Where did you learn to belch like that?”
“Sir, I didn’t ‘Belch.’ I ….” Hunter was having problems finding a rock.
Mitchell simply walked away, holding his genetically enhanced nose as he gagged. A nurse came in complete PPE.
“Sorry, I think I had an accident, Ma’am.” The private cringed as he tried to shrink into nothingness.
The nurse put her hands on her hips with a big sigh. “You dump, you wallow. Next time, call for a nurse and get a bedpan!!” She turned around and closed the ‘door’ behind her.
“Have a bit of a problem, Corey?” A familiar voice sounded from everywhere in the room.
“Why didn’t you help me?” Corey raised on his elbows.
“I did, Lad. He’s gone, isn’t he?”
Hercules gave out a death cry as he flopped back on his bed. Suddenly, he looked toward the source of the voice. “Would you mind? I need to find the problem with my project, like fast! …. Please?”
Corey found himself in the AI Department by himself. As he looked around the office with a look of terror, Corey kept sniffing the area. Satisfied, Hunter sat cautiously. He heard what he didn’t want to listen to when he sat, especially as workers enter the office. He quickly checked his seat as the co-workers came over laughing so hard their sides hurt. Hunter reached for the cushion and calmly handed it back to one of the girls.
Hercules sat again, not at all amused. You wouldn’t think the Deaf would play that kind of prank. After all, they can’t hear it. But, someone put them up to it. I know it. But, who? Corey snapped out of his thoughts and went on with his work.
The young man worked hard at finding the coding problem. He checked every DLL, every object, every function, and every line of code. Still, he could not find the problem. He was confused. Corey knew there was a problem, but what? Then it dawned on him. It wasn’t a coding problem but a much more severe problem. He failed to understand the requirements of the project entirely.
Hunter thought for a moment. What information is missing here? To whom do I go to get the data? You first must have a complete understanding of the problem before you can write any solution for it. I have to rethink the System Requirements. What are the stated goals of the System? We start with what we know and examine what is possible. We can NEVER forget the power of a dream. A dream taught us the world was round instead of flat. A dream led us to duplicate lightning into electricity.  A dream taught us to forge a nation out of the wild, hostile land for freedom and persevering through trust in One much higher than ourselves. So, what is this dream to teach us? What are its primary purpose and the necessary tasks? What does each class of users need the System to do? How does the System meet each need? I’ll never catch them all! All these questions just to begin to design a workable system can seem daunting.
Corey went to one of the Deaf supervisors near the windows. As he tried to communicate, the older man motioned him to sit. Then the man proceeded to explain some things that seemed unrelated to his issues. However, as he ‘listened,’ he could see how the discussion related to his own situation.
“When you learn a new language, even computer languages, you must first understand what about the language you already know. Then, after listing all that you already know about the new language, you can record what you don’t know about it. That is to list the differences between the two languages. This process provides you with a common ground from which you can learn any language you want. Having this common ground with the new language allows you to be much more comfortable learning something new. You always go from the known to the unknown.” The older man let his hands rest while Corey thought.
“I’m not learning a new language, sir. I’m trying to learn how to improve my project.” Hunter looked uneasy when he finally replied.
“Yes, you are.” The man leaned forward and Signed slow and precise for the boy.
“What language?” Corey held his arms out wide with a shocked expression.
The Older man smiled as big as possible. “Engineering!” He was getting excited about the subject. “We used to say that we were ‘Computer Scientists.’ However, over the years, we started to use the more common term ‘Systems Engineer.’ Do you understand what an engineer is?”
Corey regained his composure. “Sure I do! An engineer designs or constructs engines, which gives them their name, structures, or machines using scientific knowledge. In Computer Science, they started to use the term for someone who designed or constructed computer systems.”
“So, do you say you are a Systems Engineer?” The older man rested his head in a hand.
“I’m learning to be one, yes.” Hunter looked confused. “I’m learning to develop a military-grade system along with my team.”
The man drew closer as if to respond. “Now, we’re on Common Ground. That’s our starting point. Like the old song said, when you want to begin, the beginning is a perfect place to start. We’ll begin with Systems Engineering. When you want to start to design a Computer System, where do you begin?” The older man brought up a schematic on a large screen and looked at Corey as he awaited the response.
“You start with the description of the desired system in as much detail as possible. Thus, you know what it is you want to accomplish. However, even the most detailed description would be incomplete without listing all the requirements for the system. These are the must-haves in the system. Without these items, the system may function, even correctly, but not meet the designer's demands or the client’s. Therefore, it works perfectly but fails as a system.” Hunter leaned back in his chair with his arms crossed and rolling his eyes.
“Correct! Knowing what the client wants the system to do, how do you come up with the requirements of the system?” The instructor rested his cheeks in his hands as he leaned toward the defensive student.
“You list all the assumptions from the detailed description. This step reveals the interdependencies of the need for the system to work. You’re building a web of interconnected requirements for the system to process actions by uncovering the hidden conditions a rushed job would miss.” Corey looked rather smug as he looked down his nose at the seemingly less educated instructor.
The Prof leaned closer to his student and smiled. “You have a start, but what makes you so sure it is the proper activities?”
Hunter’s expression changed to puzzlement. He thought carefully. “What’s missing?”
The instructor typed a description of a model system and turned his attention back to Hunter. “Okay, follow your steps.”
Corey scrutinized the description presented to him. Finally, he listed on his pad all the requirements for this desired system. Then, Hunter passed the electronic tablet to his instructor.
The Prof glanced at it and shook his head. “Amateurish!! Redo!!” He returned the pad.
Corey’s countenance sank like a rock dropped in a pond. “What’s wrong?”
“Your requirements won’t satisfy the described system. You must ensure you fully understand the design the client asked you to build. You only think you know the desired product, but it’s clear you do not. Describe the same project but in your own words?”
Hunter took a clean pad as he started to enter the same system but using plain English instead of technobabble. He wrote the steps for each object in the system he imagined performing and why it would do it in sidenotes.
“Corey, what do you think you are doing?” That old familiar voice came soothingly to the boy’s ears.
“Don’t you already know, Dusya, sir?” Corey looked nervously around.
“Of course, I know that’s not the point, My Boy. I need you to realize what you are actually doing.”
“I’m developing a system to stop the aliens from traveling between their dimension and ours, sir.” Hercules looked back at his pads and suddenly seemed confused. “Why won’t you allow me to remember what I’m doing?”
“There’s a better way, Corey. Don’t you understand what you’re facing? Not in the physical sense, but your overall life meaning. Don’t you know, everyone who has ever lived, including you and everyone in your fleet, has a purpose for living?”
“Yeah! Right now, it’s stopping these spirits and then return to finding a new planet, sir.” The private looked in the direction of the sound.
“How do you plan on stopping a spirit?”
“We’ll take out their doors that they use to enter our dimension, sir.” Hunter thought of something and entered the data on the new pad.
“Oh, really?” The voice sounded a bit sarcastic. “So, what are you going to do about all the spirits that fill this room?”
“They can’t hurt us until they enter our universe, and that’s when we will get them, sir.” Corey glanced toward the voice and continued with his data entry.
“You assume they must crossover. That right there is a significant mistake, My Son! They don’t need to crossover anything since they’re right here with you anyway. You just can’t see them.”
Corey froze!
Contents



CHAPTER 24 Eyes Wide Open Blind As A Bat

The General and his Top Brass ceremonially stepped down the aisle of the cleared cargo bay as the group followed all the flags of the member nations. Attendees stood at attention, silently observing the memories of their fallen Troops and individuals through the years since the Awakening in deep space.
At the front, the two rows of flags separated and stood before the people, live and broadcasted.  Then, in unison, the Troops put the flags in their stands. Finally, the Troops left the area from both ends of the line. The next procession was that of the speakers representing every religious sect represented in the fleet. Each speaker tried to provide hope in their way.
When General Richards came forward to speak, his hands shook, his voice shook too. “Today, we mark another year since Awakening so far from home.” He began to depend upon his written comments much more than usual. For a man with exceptional memory, this loss was alarming to those closest to him. “I received a warning that if I failed to respond to it, things were going to happen, and those close to me would be taken. I would find my days empty, lonely, cold, and hungry. I brushed it off as just a rambling of an older man. Then, within days, things started to happen. I never made the connection to the warnings. His tears began to run down his cheeks. His voice cracked.
“Did those deaths just happen, or did a more significant person of authority prove the warnings were accurate and from Him? I still did not respond to the older man—an even more powerful crisis hit shortly after the first. Still, I did not respond to the warnings given me, even with the loss of life of those around me. He was shielding me from my obstinance, my refusal to listen, and my disregard for prophecy in general. We were warned to keep watch. Why did I fail? My pride, my pedigree told me, I know better. Yeah, right! Then it became personal. I lost my one and only. No matter what the doctors said or did, nothing helped. It wasn’t until I met the older man face-to-face in my home, did I ever see the purpose I was being called to. The Higher Authority confirmed the older man was special and needed a listening ear from me.
“The Higher Authority chose the older man, of low-estate, seeming to have no relevant education, a poor man, widowed, and yet that man gave to me more than I could ever understand. He showed me what a brother is. I wanted to respond, yet the rules forbid it. It was breaking my heart not to answer. What could I do? Break human rules or answer a brother?
“I say this because the man turned out to be someone much higher than myself. He was a messenger, often referred to as an angel, but not the spirit kind we would think of … rather a person sent to me to show me how to soar to the sky.”
Mike teared up. “I will never know the kind of life I could have had if I had simply listened to the One I claimed to know. Instead, all those connected to me since the warning have been dying all around me. Now, it was my second bride who died. So, many were affected by my failure to respond. Though I used rules as a reason to stay silent, I should have answered. Now, what? How many more will pay because of me? Our offenses don’t just affect ourselves. They affect everyone with whom we ever come in contact.
The general looked over the people. “Pay attention to all those around you. Your choices are affecting them too. As it is said, ‘No one is an island unto themselves.’ In the Age of Rage, don’t forget to listen to the small voice trying to answer your most profound questions from the Highest Authority ever known. … Now, I am way off track! Sorry. Learn to listen. Someone special is trying to reach you. I doubt it would be some elite person. Don’t ignore the lowly voices. Someone much higher than you or me will be using them. Now, I may never soar to the heights I was meant to fly.
“To you, wherever you are now, don’t give up on me, please. I need my brother.”
The celebration of the lives of those lost went on far into the night. However, Mike sat alone, thinking of his failure to respond to a messenger.
Dusya’s voice came. “Michael, remember in your Book of Songs, read and follow, the 51st Song of David. Follow its pattern, don’t recite it. You’ll get another chance, you see, your brother is still waiting for you. Love overlooks a multitude of failures. He needs you as much as you need him. He has his own failures that need your help to overcome.”
Mike looked around for the source of the sound. There was nothing.
The next day, Richards made his way through a crowded corridor. Then general came to a lift and awaited its arrival. As Mike stepped on, he found himself in a white room all alone. Richards looked around, seeing no one. He wandered about the endless room in hopes of finding a purpose or at least something.
“Michael, it’s been a while since we had a private time together.” Dusya’s voice came from everywhere at once. “Why is it so hard for you to accept the spirit world?”
“I don’t know. I guess it’s because I grew up believing life was what I could see, feel, and hear. I didn’t know there was anything else. Out here, everything seems so surreal. I don’t know how to process it all.” Mike looked up at the nothingness.
“He who lacks understanding just needs to ask, and it will be provided to him. Have you ever heard that before?”
“No, sir, I have not.” Richards tried to approach the sound. “May I see you?”
“That’s not possible, Mike. I am a spirit, not a man.”
“Can you become a man so I can at least see who I am talking to?” Richards watched as a mist formed before him. The fog took on the shape of an older man. Mike’s eyes quickly widened as he realized the older man was the one he failed to obey in his youth. “Mr. Edwards? Is it you? Really? Oh, my word!!!”
“Who did you think I was?” Dusya calmly stood with open arms toward the shocked general. “I’ve been watching you all the time, My friend. Beware of how you treat someone. It just may be an angel or me.”
“People used to say, ‘I met an angel when he/she stopped me from doing this or that.’ I just never believed them. Are you saying angels are among us?” Richards stopped short of bearhugging the older man.
“There are always angels among you, no matter where you go. You can’t escape them. Sorry!” The older man grinned cheerfully. The man took Mike gently by the right arm and turned Richards around while a scene from his childhood formed before them.
The scene of his father’s home gym seemed to engulf them. It was an unfinished basement setting where homemade weight machines kept the young men busy.
“I don’t think you want to watch this scene, Dusya. They didn’t have any gym clothes back then. They just had their birthday suits.” Richards was a little embarrassed that the scene showed Mike and his friends working out nude before the military enhanced them and spent years developing themselves.
“Why are you shy now? It didn’t bother you then. Or is it that currently, you know, we watched you? You’re constantly monitored, Mike.” Dusya watched as Mike walked over to the young men.
Mike walked to his younger self and stood behind him. “Use the strict form, Boy!” Richards bellowed out as if he was the coach.
“So, who are you, Mister?” scolded an older man.
Richards looked to his left, and his jaw dropped when he saw his late father staring at him. The general became very nervous as he saw his father’s unbelievable physique on such an older man. “Sir! I didn’t know you were there, sir!” Richards tried to come to attention. But, unfortunately, it didn’t go so well.
The older Richards eyed Mike and walked around him. “You certainly know a thing or two about working out.” He stopped in front of the general. “How did you get so big?”
Mike kept his father in view. “Sir, don’t you remember your plans for a Super Trooper?” He watched as his father displayed his physique. “You are very impressive, sir. I remember you….” The general stopped as he thought it better not to reveal who he was. “Do all your men train nude, sir?”
“Of course!” The older relaxed his muscles and turned to his men. “There’s nothing shameful about a well-developed body. Besides, there’s nothing for them to wear anymore. The War has taken everything. So these young men need to learn to be comfortable in their bodies.”
“Sir, people wear clothes for a reason, sir.” Mike started to walk toward the other men as they continued with their workouts.
One young man came to Mike and looked the general over. “You must be Military, right?”
“Yes, I am.” The general replied with a smile.
“Would you let me enlist? I want to be involved, sir.” The young man started to pose, trying to impress the general. “See? I’m strong enough for the Marines or the SEALs, sir.”
“If you have an option, you don’t fit in either one, Son.” The general put a hand on the muscle boy’s shoulder. “How old are you?”
“I’ll be 16 next month, sir!” The boy tried to impress the general some more.
“You have to be at least 17, and even then, you must have parental consent.” Mike watched the youngster try to impress him. When the boy finished, Mike struck a few poses himself for the boy.
The boy’s jaw dropped. “Wow! You are one big Marine, sir!” The kid walked around Mike as the general posed.
The general stopped, picked up a thick bar, and bent it in front of the boy, whose eyes bugged out with his mouth wide-opened. Richards handed it to the young man. “Now, try to straighten it. See if you’re ready to be a Marine or SEAL.”
No matter how hard or in what manner the boy tried, he could not straighten the bar at all. He finally gave up and handed the bar back to the general. “Sorry, sir. I can’t do it yet.”
“No problem. You have time to get stronger.” The general straightened the bar with ease. “Someday, you’ll be able to do it. Just don’t give up. A Marine or SEAL never gives up. Understood?”
“Yes, sir!” The boy saluted him. After the return salute, the boy went back to finish his training.
Mike’s father came to him. “What brings you to our basement gym, sir? You know what to do around gyms. So, what brings you here, sir?”
“I just sorta ‘Popped in.’” Mike walked to a middle-aged man against the wall. He was curling a heavy barbell on what resembled a preacher’s bench. Richards helped the struggling man with the last few reps. When the man rested the weight on the rack, Mike took his place and showed him another way. “Here, go down partway and then back up again. That will focus on the peaks of the arms. Always going straight out will put too much stress on the tendons over time. That will make for lots of medical problems later in life.”
As the general stood, the man sat again. “Yes, sir. Thank you, sir.” The man continued his training.
Richards looked around for Mr. Edwards and found himself in another place. This time, he saw the first POW camp in which he found himself after the pilots dropped him in the jungle. It seemed strange to see the events from this vantage point. Richards rushed up to his younger self yet remained hidden. I can’t reveal myself to myself or change circumstances in any way. What do I do? I must protect my younger self.
The general followed at a distance but felt uneasy checking on himself. It didn’t take long before the Chinese Troops swamped the young American from all directions. They took the younger Richards to the nearest encampment, where they placed him in a metal box during 54.4⁰C weather. However, the metal box could not contain this American.
The American burst out of the metal box like it was a mere tin box. The younger Richards sprinted for the main gate as the Chinese joined in the foot race. Guards blocked his escape while others surrounded him. As the Chinese closed in, the Marine leaped over them and galloped for the main gates and tore the gates out of their posts, carrying them on his broad shoulders.
Before the general could react, everything went white. Mike looked around. “What’s going on? What are all these events supposed to mean?”
“All your life is recorded, in a sense, be shown to all at some time in your future.” Mr. Edwards walked up to the general. “Your every secret will be revealed when all time comes to an end.” Mr. Edwards to an area before Richards and waved his hand to view countless people standing before a large screen.
The general saw himself walk hesitantly away from the masses to the screen. As he stood before it, the scene of his birth began to play. Something within himself forced him to watch every moment of his life. He had never felt so humiliated in all his life. Every word, deed, and thought appeared for all humanity to see and hear. Even his motives for doing or saying things showed. After what seemed an eternity, a message appeared. “And he missed the one something that could have avoided the revealing of all this.”
Mike looked at Mr. Edwards. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
“Everyone must give an account for every word, action, thought, and motive they have ever had. However, something is missing in your life, Mike.” Edwards turned to him. “You won’t have to face any of this process if you have one thing.”
“What?” Mike looked confused.
“Your journey will teach you. Everyone will come to life’s fork in the road where they must make a decision. Don’t be so focused on this life that you miss the fork in the road. It’s the most important decision you will ever make. Will you be ready to make it?”
“How would I know? I don’t know what to look for!” Richards threw up his hands in frustration.
“To know that, you must know why you were born in the first place.” Edwards faded away.
The whiteness became the lift again. Mike looked around again to see the elevator fill up. Confused, the general continued to his destination.
After the doors opened again, Mike stepped off even more confused. He couldn’t remember which way to turn, to the left or the right. Voices sounded in his head, “To the left or the right? Every decision determines how you end. Every decision determines how you end.” Mike covered his eyes as the voices taunted him mercilessly.
Contents



CHAPTER 25 Can I?

Jonathan entered his bedroom carrying his towel. Noticing his brother was still asleep, he plopped on Jacob’s bed next to him. Jacob barely responded. He rolled over, and back to sleep he went. “It’s time to get up, Tiger!”
“No, it’s not.” Jacob moaned into his pillow. “The alarm didn’t go off yet.”
Jonathan leaned toward the clock. “You never set it, Squirt!” He looked at his brother again. “Get up, Squirt!” When there wasn’t any response, the elder boy picked up his brother and put him over his shoulder.
As Jonathan laid the boy in the shower, he turned on the cold water full-blast. Jacob struggled to get away from the cold water immediately!!
Jacob came out of the shower with a sucker punch to Jonathan’s midsection, to which Jonathan walked silently away. The soggy one stormed out after his brother. In the bedroom, the soggy one snapped the older with a towel. The older calmly sat on his bed and stared at the younger. Jacob jumped his much bigger brother as he growled. It did not even faze his brother.
Jonathan picked up his brother with one hand as he tossed the boy on the younger boy’s bed. Then, he laid on top of his brother and let his brother wear himself out, trying to fight to get away. The older braced himself on his elbows as the big boy allowed his brother to beat on his massive chest. When his brother finally stopped, Jonathan stood and picked up his brother as he held him in his arms. “Are you awake enough now to get ready to go eat?”
Jacob sighed.
Jonathan hugged his brother and patted him on the back. Then, he carried the boy to the closet to retrieve his brother’s clothes. He transported his brother with one arm and the garments with the other.
After the boys returned from breakfast, the older removed his shirt as the door chimed. He went to the door and opened it.
There stood Ted in his SEAL uniform. “You coming to the recruitment meeting?”
“Sure! Just let me put my shirt back on.” Then, the young man started his task.
“Do it on the way.” Jenkins turned to leave as Richards followed.
While they walked quickly, dodging as they went, several others joined them. The others came in all sizes and shapes. Each came with intent in their step. Finally, Ted led them to a classroom, where several Military officers from each Branch awaited them. Everyone found a seat quickly while the officers lined the front and center.
Mitchell came to the forefront as everyone took note. “Most, if not all, are juniors and seniors in High School this year.”
The crowd cheered their Branch’s call to see who’s the loudest. But, as usual, it’s a toss-up.
After things settled, Mitchell continued. “This meeting is to allow us to discuss who is and who isn’t interested in joining the Military and why. So many are children of enhanced Troops and want to become enhanced even more. Quite frankly, we’re not even sure compounding the enhancement process is even safe, let alone possible. You are the first group of the second-generation enhanced Troops. So, don’t get your hopes up too high just yet. Once your DNA/RNA sequence has been altered, can it be done again? Safely?”
“How is it different from Troops, who were given multiple injections?” Someone yelled out from the pack.
Mitchell moved toward the center of the crowd. “When dealing with the question of how many injections should be administered? We had to look at the Basic Economics Principle of Diminishing Returns.” He stopped as he looked around at the guys eying him. “How did we come up with the idea of limiting the injections to six?” Tom watched his audience closely. He began to strike several poses, which impressed many in the group. When he stopped, he went to one of the thin kids, almost drooling over Mitchell’s massive arm. The captain pushed his flexed arm into the face of his admirer. “Don’t get so focused on having big muscles. Focus on the mission, your purpose. Some use the term ‘Ethos.’ You only see my size. I’ll warn you now, there is a very dark side to this enhancement process, too. Beware!”
The captain relaxed his massive arm as he walked to some others that were overwhelmed by the mass. “Remember, People! This meeting is all about survival, not getting big, and having superpowers. There are many side effects to the enhancement process. Not all people survive it. Never, never sacrifice your life’s mission, the reason for you being alive in the first place, for just cosmetic advantages that are constantly plagued by the darker side of enhancements and even life itself. Always know your mission and stay with it no matter the cost! Everyone who has ever lived, and even you and me today, have an eternal purpose for being alive. If you didn’t, why were you ever born?”
Mitchell moved about the crowd, watching every minute signal a person gave. He sat on the corner of a table with one leg dangling in front of a young man with a troubled expression. “Without a mission in life, you have no life at all! If you have no idea where you fit in the scheme of things, why are you so busy with things that have no real meaning? Learn to look beyond the temporal and see the eternal purpose for your life!” Tom bent down to the boy and gave him a huge hug. “The Military is not just a job. It’s a family that you adopt, and it adopts you. You learn to become a family, not just co-workers. It’s the only way to survive on the battlefield. Everyone has needs, and everyone is accountable to everyone else. No one is better or worse than anyone else. There is something we can all learn from the Deaf Community. Everyone is equal. That’s why there are no titles in their language. In the Military, it is the same. Sure, we have the chain of command, but the people are all equal. We must care for everyone because someday, that person may be the one who determines if you live or die!”
Mitchell motioned for the young man to come with him to the front. The man hesitated but followed. When the duo reached the front of the room, Tom put his arm around the boy’s narrow shoulders. The boy wouldn’t make eye contact with anyone. He just stared at the floor. “Remember this, People! No one ever enters your life for no reason! There is always a reason. That person may be crying out to you for help. He, or she, may not be under your command, but your future is forever linked to that person. If you refuse to answer their cries for help, you may find yourself in the place of asking for help from someone else for that very reason. You ignored someone else. You may find yourself suddenly blinded. ‘Yeah, but I’ll get through it.’ Maybe, maybe not. How far down the tubes are you willing to go just to ignore someone’s cries for help? You may say, ‘I don’t have time to help everyone!’ Then you have two options! Either get their superior to help that person or, on the other hand, transfer that person to your command, and help them. If you can’t do or are unwilling to do either one, GET THE HELL OUT OF THE CHAIN OF COMMAND!!!! You don’t belong in command of anything!!” Mitchell held the young man close as he wrapped both arms about the man. “Your fellow patriots are worth your every ounce of strength. That person may save your life someday! They can usually teach you what it truly means to be a brother.”
The captain invited the young man to sit in the chair next to him as he continued addressing the crowd. “It has been said there are angels among us. It’s also said, ‘Beware! Some have entertained angels … unaware!’ Do you truly know who that person is? Be careful!! There are records and even eyewitness accounts of people meeting bonified angels, even in the time we left Earth!”
Mitchell reached to the young man and pulled him toward his hip. When he did, the man vanished before their eyes. “Does anybody know who he was?” He scanned the crowd. “Why not? What happened to him?”
The crowd did not respond.
“A ten-hut!!” The captain became visibly angry, with his face as red as humanly possible.
The whole room stood at attention, awaiting the following command. The captain started down the middle aisle, scanning every face. When he approached Jonathan, he stopped as he glared at the young Richards. “What do you have to say for yourself, Mr. Richards? You’ve had many come to you for help. How did you handle the issues? Did you simply ignore them? If you did, were any of them an angel?”
Jonathan tried to appear confident, yet his face betrayed him. “Not well, sir.” He dropped his eyes. “I don’t believe in angels, sir.”
Mitchell went pupil to pupil with Jonathan. “Then what just happened?” He bellowed at the young boy making him quake.
“I don’t know, sir.” Jonathan squeaked.
The captain looked around at the other men. His demeanor was that of a roaring lion ready to pounce on his prey. “What happened, People? A man just vanished before your eyes! What did you see?” Tom quickly went to Ted standing near the front. “PO Jenkins, what happened? Inform these people!”
Ted kept his eyes straight forward. “Sir, the ALF image was discontinued at your preselected signal, sir!”
The captain looked around the room. Then, after looking back at Jenkins, “Well done, PO Jenkins! Well done! At least one person understands what he is seeing.” Mitchell returned to the front and center position. “Sit!”
The crowd sat in unison.
Mitchell started his customary pacing. “What you need to learn is to be more observant. Don’t just accept surface relationships, glances at things, confusing hearing and listening to someone, blurring seeing and perceiving things, confusing understanding and comprehending things, and the list goes on and on. People need to learn to discuss again instead of only talking all the time. An exciting viewpoint of the Deaf is their Sign for Hearing People.” Mitchell made the Signs as he spoke. “The Sign to say something is one circle in front of the mouth. It’s similar to the Hearing Person’s motions to try to get someone to speak. Come on! Come on! You know what I’m talking about. Anyway, the Sign for Hearing Person is to sign the Sign for saying something repeatedly. In other words, the idea is the Deaf thinks the Hearing Person is always talking but not saying anything because nothing ever comes out for the Deaf Person. They just see the mouth moving. Deaf children are often amazed when a Hearing Person decides to learn to ‘talk.’ We see that same Hearing Person learning to Sign. Who’s doing the talking is clearly dependant upon your perspective. The moral is: Always accept that what is said or done is usually said or done with positive intent. The problem arises from the linguistic/cultural barriers caused by various points of view. That is a great risk in a country called ‘The Melting Pot of the World.’”
Tom stopped in the center position and looked over those before him. “Remember, we are all one nation. It’s not this group against that group. We are all one. The attempts to bring Marxism to America failed. Mainly because too many people saw through its lies. It was proven only as a political tool of one party trying to force another underground by demonizing anyone who ‘Dared’ to Vote for a particular person the party in power feared. It got so bad that several Congressmen were banned from Capital Hill just because their guns, … aka arms …, were too big around. They were seen as a threat. They would always show up in Congress ‘Well Armed.’ The Congressmen were just more muscular than most men in Congress. So, what?! It was all perspective. One side saw one thing, and the other saw another. This difference in views became a problem because the Communications Channels collapsed. That was because the party in control had all the offices, Internet Connections, and phones bugged! The minority party was forbidden to use any room that wasn’t already bugged.”
“Why do I say all this? In the Military, such nonsense was quickly stopped by brave members who contacted the two Congressmen spearheading the means to stop it.” Mitchell walked over to one of the officers seated against the front wall. Then returned to the center position. “That means that all the ‘Crap’ you’ve been told in school and college, how shall I say it politically correct according to today’s umpteenth millionth memo, the ‘Crap’ sunk like the Rock of Gibraltar being thrown into the Atlantic Ocean. So, don’t try to bring it here. You won’t be popular here.”
After the series of speeches, young Richards came to the front to see one of the recruiters. “Sgt. Hernandez, what do I have to do to get some help enlisting at 17?”
Hernandez looked Jonathan over. “What job are you looking for, Mr. …?”
“I’m Jonathan Richards, sir. I am looking for an M.I. position, sir.”
The sergeant smiled. “When you know which position, we can talk. Until then, there’s no real reason to talk. We need people who know what they want and go for it. We’re not looking for window-shoppers.” The man turned and walked away.
Jonathan went to a second recruiter, a massive Naval recruiter. “Excuse me, sir!”
The man turned toward him. “Well, hello, Mr. Richards! How can I help you?”
“Sir, what are the available jobs in the M.I. field, sir?” Jonathan came to the recruiter and looked over the info pads that abounded.
The man watched Jonathan glance through the pads. “Each tablet is a different field within the Military Intelligence Area. For instance, there are Analysts, Linguists, Intel Collectors, etc. Would you be interested in becoming a Navy SEAL?”
“Yes, sir!” Jonathan looked up at the recruiter with a big smile. “But how? I don’t know a lot about it. I know some of the SEALs but not how to enter the position or what they do.” He put the pads back on the table.
The man had him sit and watch a video about the SEALs. Jonathan watched wide-eyed clips of all the steps of becoming a SEAL and what it took. Other clips explained what type of person would make it through SEAL training.
Later, the recruiter ended the video. “It takes a lot more than a big body to become a SEAL. You have to have the body, mind, and soul of a SEAL to graduate. You don’t have to be the biggest on the team. But, you do have to be able to lift an average-sized man over your head. If you can’t, you’re not ready for combat.”
“I can lift a 250 lb man over my head with ease, sir. That good enough?” Jonathan showed off his massive arms.
“For a beginner.” The recruiter looked at him sternly. Then, after a moment, he broke into the biggest grin Jonathan has ever seen.
That night, Jonathan entered his room with Ted. Both were in gym clothes and covered with sweat. Jonathan stripped as he prepared to go for a shower. He grabbed a towel while Ted stripped and went through his gym bag.
Jacob entered as his brother headed for the lavatory. “You staying tonight, Ted?”
“You want me to?” Ted looked at his buddy as the SEAL pulled out his clothes. “If you want me to, I can stay.”
“Yeah!!” Jacob rushed to him and hugged him tightly. “Will you stop Jonathan from picking on me?”
“Well …? That’s a pretty big order, Tiger. You think I’m big enough to take him on?” Ted struck several poses for his admirer. Finally, he relaxed and picked up the boy. “How’re your workouts coming along?”
“Good!” Jacob proudly showed off his right arm. “It grew another inch!”
“That’s pretty good for an 11-year-old!” Ted pretended to squeeze the boy’s arm in amazement. “Keep working out, and you’ll be big as me soon.”
Jacob wrapped his arms around Ted’s neck and laid his head on a shoulder. As he hung on, Ted sat on the bed with his little friend. They awaited Jonathan’s return.
By the time Jonathan entered the room, Jacob was asleep, still hanging on to his buddy. Jonathan shook his head as he threw his towel on his bed. Then, he pulled some clothes from the locker, put on the tiny, white shorts, and led Ted to the other room.
Ted carried his admirer, still asleep, to the bench. He gently caressed the boy’s head.
The general entered the room a bit hurriedly. “Get ready. I have to be in the gym in an hour.” He disappeared into his room. Mike soon came out of his room, separated from his clothes, and entered the lavatory without closing the door. Then he returned only to stop and stare at the boys still on the bench. “Come on! Move!” He continued to his room.
The boys went to the other room.
When Mike came out in his gym shorts carrying his shirt, the boys were dressed and awaiting him. Jacob held on to Ted’s hand as the group exited the compartment.
While the family sat after eating, Jonathan, seated across from his Dad, sat straight. “Dad, can I join the SEALs? It sounds like a great job!” He waited for an answer. He waited some more. “Dad?”
Richards was deep in thought. He laid his shirt on the table and looked at his son. “Do you think you have the drive and mental capacity that is also needed to become a SEAL?”
“Yes, sir!”
Mike looked over at Ted, who had Jacob sitting sideways on his lap. “What do you say, PO Jenkins? Is my son ready to become a SEAL?”
“Honestly, sir, I think he needs more time, sir. I don’t think he yet fully understands the amount of determination and drive he’ll need, sir. He’s my friend. Yet, he still has to get his priorities in line, sir. He still believes his size and strength are all he needs. He doesn’t yet understand that is not necessarily what makes a SEAL, sir.” Ted held Jacob close to his chest.
Jonathan looked to his Dad for an answer as his Dad studied him. “Do you understand, when you raise your hand, you’re no longer you? You will be sacrificing everything for everyone else, no matter who they are. It doesn’t matter if they like you or not, whether they hate you, abuse you, or reject you for the rest of your life. You sacrifice life, limb, everything for everyone. No exceptions!! When you raise your hand, know all the costs and face reality, there’s no more glamor in servicing. Most people don’t care about the Military anymore until their lives are the ones on the line. Just remember, many still do honor our heroes. Don’t focus on the ungrateful people. Focus on the grateful. It’s thankful people who will come to your aid in your time of need. They will remember your sacrifice and do more than just say fancy, empty words. They will be a part of the answer to your needs. They may come from places you never heard of, but they will care for your needs. Do for all yet focus on the thankful when times are hard.”
“So, can I do it?” Jonathan looked on with excitement.
“Did you listen to me, or just hear me?” The general leaned toward his son.
“Yes, Dad.” He sounded dejected. “Count the costs.”
“Think about it a couple of days. Then, we’ll talk.” The general stood and left.
Ted took the brothers home.
Contents



CHAPTER 26 Crisis

Jonathan finished arranging his uniforms in his locker. The room was much like his old compartment, yet it was different. His room had two recruits, and the other bedroom had two.  With his locker in order, he stripped, putting his clothes in his new laundry bag. Then, he went to the chair at the desk and sat as he glanced over some info pads.
“What are you doing, Richards?” a male voice came nervously as if a catastrophe was about to hit.
“I’m not doing anything, Gleason!” Jonathan turned to look at his roommate. “What’s the problem?”
“We have an inspection coming. Don’t you even care?” Gleason went to his locker and opened it. Then, he pulled out the drawer part way.
“I’m off-duty, Gleason. So, find something else to worry about!” Richards stood and stretched his muscles. Then, he walked to his roomie. “You need to stop dropping your jaw so much. It’s going to break.”
Gleason watched Richards approached and stopped so close to him, all the muscles pressed against the smaller Gleason. “No one is ever ‘Off-Duty,’ Richards. We all have an inspection tonight at any moment.”
“I did my eight hours of training. So why should I have this nonsense after classes all day?”
Gleason came to attention fast. Then, Richards felt a heavy hand on his right shoulder. Richards turned slowly to face the owner of the hand. There stood Mitchell’s SEAL counterpart, PO Jenkins. Richards mistakenly smiled at Jenkins and found himself on the floor before his smile faded into shock.
“I can see you’re gonna have to learn the hard way, Recruit!!” Jenkins bellowed as he took a knee beside Richards’s aching body. “You’d better learn the SEAL way fast, Boy, or you’ll be spat out like lousy tobacco. Get up, Recruit!! You have something to do! Now, Recruit!!”
Jonathan rose to his knees slowly. Before he could stand, Jenkins knocked the stuffing out of him without warning. Jonathan groaned as the boy attempted to get up again. As he started to stand, Jenkins and another even more massive SEAL both picked Richards up and carried him to the showers, where they provided him with a GI Shower.
The “Encouraged” Trooper, now with a proper perspective on things, went to his locker and dressed forthwith. The Recruit stood at attention in uniform, silently wishing the leaders would say something … at least.
Jenkins stood pupil to pupil with the Recruit with the stern intent to make the Recruit do his job right. “Are you with the program, Recruit? Or must we take another …?”
“Once is enough, sir!” Jonathan stood at attention, still beyond soaked.
The big SEAL inspected Jonathan’s locker. The man reached in and started to pull everything out with monstrous intent. Jonathan tried with all his might to remain at attention. His face showed this treatment made him infuriated. However, he also understood he was under an unfamiliar authority.
Another SEAL came and stared at young Richards. “Got a problem, Richards?”
“No, sir!” Jonathan bellowed his response. His face still quivered as he fought to contain his inner rage.
It seemed like an eternity before the first SEAL finished destroying Richards’s locker. Finally, exhausted, the SEAL came to Jonathan. The man breathed down Richards’s neck like a bull ready to charge its opponent. Instead, he slowly maneuvered around Jonathan to face him. The SEAL grabbed the Recruit around the throat.
“What’s your problem, Richards? Afraid you can’t make the cut?” Both SEALs screamed at Jonathan over and over.
“I don’t have a problem, sirs!! You do!!” Richards screamed back at the top of his lungs. He immediately found himself face down on the floor in the worst arm lock he could ever imagine. Although he struggled, he could not escape the hold of two massive SEALs. “Get off me!!!” He even had to fight to get the words out of his mouth.
Then, Jonathan began to lift SEALs, one in each hand, off the floor and over his head as he stood. Jonathan stood there holding the shocked leaders. But the lights went out. Both SEALs’ eyes became saucers.
Jonathan awoke in the brig. After standing without clothes, he tested the bars. He could not even bend them in the slightest. The young Richards glanced around. Then a door opened and in walked Captain Mitchell.
“Well, well, well, Jonathan Richards. You’ve really done it this time.” Mitchell stopped at the bars. “What do you think you were doing?” He went eye to eye with the boy.
“I was off-duty and relaxing, sir.”
“I have news for you, Recruit!! You’re in the Military now!! So there is no time off!! Understand?!!” Tom yelled at the top of his command voice.
“I still have my eight-hour limit.” Jonathan threw up his arms.
“That’s eight hours of sleep every 24 hours. That’s not even eight straight hours, Recruit!” Mitchell shook his finger at the boy. “It could be in one-second intervals if your commander wanted!!!”
“That’s not right!” Jonathan threw up his arms again.
“Welcome to Military life, Recruit! What did you think it was all about … a job?” Mitchell turned to leave.
“When do I get to talk to my Dad?” The Recruit yelled after the captain.
Mitchell stopped and turned back to Jonathan. “Who?”
“My Dad!” Jonathan yelled back just as he realized what he had said.
“Recruit, you better learn your chain of command and follow it!!” Mitchell barked at him in his command voice. “Your ‘Dad’ can’t get you out of anything! You’re in the Military. So, follow your chain of command!!” Then he turned back to leave.
“Can I have some clothes?” Jonathan yelled to the captain.
“You want to be nude so much and walk around in shorts that expose your hind-end. So live that way until your court-martial!!” The captain walked out the door.
Jonathan took his frustration out on the bars, which hurt his hands more than the bars.
During the night, Jonathan’s cell shook uncontrollably. One hit so hard, Richards jumped off the floor, ready to fight. Then he froze. There was … NOTHING!!!! He floated in what? He just dangled like some rag doll in what? It wasn’t space. No stars! It wasn’t the ship. No bulkheads! It was as if nothing existed anymore.
Jonathan started to feel extreme pain and anxiety without understanding why. All five of his senses were useless. Nothing was sending him anything about his surroundings … Nothing!! Why? What was happening? Was it another attack by the spirits? When are these attacks going to end? Can’t somebody stop this madness?!! Nothing out here follows science!!! “Help!!!!”
“Jonathan! Jonathan! Jonathan!” a male voice came from different directions each time it sounded. Repeatedly, the voice called out his name, but he didn’t know why or where or even who.
“Who are you?” Jonathan called out, hoping someone could help him.
“I am called ‘Dusya’ in these parts, Jonathan. I am not here to hurt you. On the contrary, I’ve come to help you be the one to help save your people. Are you willing to follow me to help them, or will you follow the plagues that destroyed many of your people?”
“What am I to do, sir?” Jonathan still looked for a physical form of someone.
“Let go of your pedigree, Jonathan.” The voice came closer now. “I can’t use you until you let go of it.”
“What pedigree, sir?” Jonathan kept trying to pinpoint the source of the sound.
“Let go of your name, your father, your enhancements … including your strength above all else.” The voice came from seemingly everywhere at once. It even echoed through his head.
Jonathan stopped struggling to move. Instead, he hung in emptiness, nothingness, just thinking about what he must do, what it will cost, to survive now. “Alright, Dusya! I’ll do it, sir. Just help me, please. I don’t know what to do now.”
“It will be alright, Jonathan. All you and the others have to do is simply let go of the situation. So let me go from there. When you’re at the end of your rope, that is where you’ll find me. Always remember that Jonathan. Life will go much better for you. Not always more manageable, but better. Remember, I do care about you, and I have plans for your life … good things, not bad.
“What plans do you have for me?” The boy was shaken up by now.
“One step at a time, Jonathan.” The voice responded tenderly. “Everyone ever born has an eternal purpose and a temporal purpose. Both are important. So, never neglect one over the other. Your survival depends upon them being in the balance every day. You must seek out the two different paths in your life. I will send you a guide, but you must learn to follow.”
Jonathan found himself back in his cell with many guards all around him. The guards grabbed him as they pulled him out to the front office. He was dropped in front of Mitchell, who just stared down at him.
“Now, go back to your compartment and stay until you are called. Then, your food will be brought to you.” Mitchell walked away.
“What’s going on?” Jonathan stood as the guards walked away.
When the young Richards entered his room, he noticed his locker had been raided. There was nothing in it. All his clothes were gone. He looked at his roomie, gazing out at the emptiness that should have been full of stars. “Where are we?”
His roomie turned to him. “Trapped within a door. No one knows where it came from or what happened. We’re just trapped.” The thin man walked away from the windows. He sat on the edge of the bed.
Another roomie from across the living room brought Jonathan some shorts. After he put them on, he went out to the main window to gather a better perspective of the situation. Unfortunately, it didn’t help at all. There was still nothing to see, not even white. It was just all black.
That night, Jonathan couldn’t sleep. He tossed and turned on top of his bedding. Finally, unable to get comfortable, he sat up and surveyed the room. Young Richards went out to sit at the desk. As he sat, he started to search for things on the computer. But, a nagging thought kept running through his head, how do you stop a spirit?
During his searches, Jonathan found many articles on exorcisms done centuries ago. People did these with extraordinary gifts. Most of the examples he came across were priests. The accounts of the exorcisms were unsettling to him. Most did not go well. However, there was no explanation of how to do any such activity.
One of the roomies came from the other bedroom. He sat next to Jonathan. “Well, Zeus, why are you studying exorcisms?” The young man read the screen.
“I’m trying to find out what others did when they encountered spirits.” Jonathan puts his hands behind his head as he stretched. Then he slid his hands to the top of his head. “Think something like this might help us.”
The roomie looked at Zeus. “How could it help us? It certainly didn’t help them any.”
“It helped many as the practice was done worldwide as far back as the beginning of time.” The Recruit reached over and patted his friend on the shoulder before putting the hand back on his head. “If it weren’t useful, people wouldn’t have done it for eons.”
The friend stood. “I’m going back to bed. You have fun, Zeus.” The young man squeezed Jonathan’s bicep as he left for bed.
Jonathan chuckled as he let his arms down and continued with his research.
When morning came, the third roomie plopped on Jonathan’s lap as he checked his daily schedule. Then, finally, Zeus slowly awoke to his friend’s back. “Do you mind?” He scolded.
“No, not at all.” The roomie continued his tasks. “You’re a bit lumpy, though.” The guy chuckled for a while.
Jonathan shook his head as he awaited the end of his roomie’s computer use. Then, Zeus picked up his friend and stood him to one side to do other things. Along with his roomies, Jonathan did their morning routines and cleaned the whole compartment like an inspection was on the agenda.
Later in the day, young Richards worked on his hypothesis that people can overcome spirits. First, he noted that a higher power than man had to intervene on man’s behalf in each case. Second, Zeus also stated that most people deny a higher power, despite the evidence in nature and history. Finally, a third observation he made said that society would become extremely hostile toward one another when a deity was about to do something significant, causing even the Holy Roman Empire to fall from within itself.
Zeus began searching the Military Database to know about these spirits and from where the intruders may come. The search came back with thousands of reported sightings. But, unfortunately, it was an unlimited list, so he used additional parameters. First, Jonathan added the parameter of reoccurring themes. But this result told him nothing. So, using the AI system, he analyzed the data.
This analysis started to show who was likely to see a “ghost.” Again, it seemed the young or elderly were the most likely targets. Jonathan reran the process several times to see if it would provide the same results. Then, he noticed the sightings were currently occurring as more records were appearing. In addition, the apparitions were centralized near the areas frequented by the target groups.
Armed with these facts, Zeus used the camera system to focus images from these locales. Then, he turned on the biometrics data to identify those that did not record as human. Jonathan tagged these “Creatures” with an orange mark only visible by the system’s cameras.
“Commander Carson, please, view the Promenade Areas. I have marked intruders with orange dots. Your cameras should detect them, sir.” Jonathan awaited a response.
“Recruit, I spot them. Good job!” A woman’s voice came back after a long pause. “We’ll take it from here. Out!”
“Well, you could have allowed me to give you the rest of the info, Ma’am!” Jonathan spoke under his breath sarcastically. Then, he threw a mock salute.
Zeus started to fidget. So, we laid face down in the middle of the room, where he began his workout. It helped with the fidgetting and enabled him to relax. But, as he looked forward, he noticed someone’s shoes. “Oh, oh! This is not good.” He stood to see his father scowling at him.
“Good afternoon, Dad!” Jonathan grinned at him.
There was no response. But then Jonathan’s father got in his face and screamed at the top of his lungs. “What do you think you’re doing?”
“My exercises, Dad.” Jonathan took a step back as he had never seen his Dad so upset before. “What’s wrong with that?”
“You’re in the Military now!! So, act like it!! Get in uniform, Recruit!!” The elder Richards followed his son around the room until the younger went into his bedroom to get dressed. The father was more like a DI than a father.
After Jonathan was dressed, he informed his father (general) that he might have found a solution for the current spiritual crisis. “My searches are showing a pattern of these spirit sightings, Dad.”
Mike got in his son’s face again as he bellowed. “I am your general, mister!! In the Military, I am your general!! Got it?”
“Yes, sir!” Jonathan cringed. “But you’re still my Dad.”
“Not until you learn to distinguish between my roles!!” The general looked more like a bull ready to charge than a Marine general. “Learn to keep your clothes on, boy!! You’re always on duty and must be prepared to respond to a crisis!”
“Yes, sir!” The boy turned the screen to his father. “These stats show a pattern of the spirits showing up around the fleet, sir! They can help us to predict when and where the next sighting will be, sir. We may be able to block or at least slow down these sightings and react to them in a manner they will stop, sir!”
Mike calmed enough to check the screen and the stats. His rage suddenly turned to shock as he realized what his son had uncovered. “Send it to Mitchell, stat!” The general rushed out of the room.
“Yes, sir.” Jonathan sighed deeply. “You’re welcome, sir.” Jonathan’s demeanor sank as he began to realize his relationship with his father has changed. As he followed his orders, he began to write a message to a long-time friend.
I need to see you. Please! I need advice.
The general and Mitchell showed at the Promenade Areas with a large group of Troops. They cleared the area quickly and prepared for what was about to unfold. However, their wait was not long as apparitions started to appear about the area. The ghosts did not take on a human appearance but rather fanned out to approach each Troop. It seemed the ghouls were taunting the Troops to see what the plan was.
The humans sat tight, observing the enemy. Then, one by one, the Troops began to place small devices around the area. After stepping back from the devices, the Troops operated handheld remotes. Then, lights started flashing, both on the devices and the remotes, the spirits moved away from the humans.
“Increase power!” Mitchell ordered as he adjusted his remote.
An EMF formed around the ghosts, followed by more ghouls appearing within the field. These joined forces with those already there. The EMF intensified further, causing the area to glow. Finally, the Troops’ uniforms vanished, though the Troops did not surrender to the intimidation attempt.
There was a sudden flash so bright; it momentarily blinded the Troops.
The Troops stood from their positions about the Promenade as they cleared their eyes and then surveyed the area. 
The general came to the center as he examined his remote’s readings. Then, he looked to his Troops. “There doesn’t seem to be any sign of the intruders.” As he glanced out the windows, Richards noticed the stars were back.
Mitchell came to his general. “Sir, the EMFs should not have caused that flash, sir. Something else occurred, sir.”
Dusya’s voice came like an explosion. Its sound knocked everyone to the floor. “You failed your test, Gentlemen!! Now, for the lesson!!”
Mitchell was the first to stand. “Now, we’re in trouble, sir.” He looked for his superior and found him unconscious on the floor. The captain rushed to the general’s aid.
Corey rushed to an intercom. “Medic to the Promenade! It’s General Richards! Condition… unresponsive! Unknown cause!” After the response, Hunter returned to the huddle.
Contents



CHAPTER 27 The Lesson

Mitchell slowly entered the bridge as he took over command of the fleet. He sat in the command chair as he had done so many times before. Yet, this time the captain paused. He just stared at the floor ahead of him.
Russell leaned over to his superior. “Sir, the fleet is ready to move on, sir.”
Mitchell, still hesitating, glanced to his second in command. Then, he nodded before pressing the comm button. “All vessels! We must prepare for the inevitable. All attempts to save General Richards have failed. We must move on to the nearest station to gather supplies. Hopefully, someone somewhere will have the answer. Set course for the Aurea System!”
“All reporting set, sir!” Russell looked up from his screen.
“Mark!” Mitchell watched as the fleet traveled along its new course.
As time passed, Mitchell began to fidget. Then, he turned to the teams to his left. “Corporal Hunter!”
“Yes, sir?” Hunter came to the command chair.
The captain looked at him. “Transfer your things to the Richards’s compartment at least until we determine what is to happen to Jacob. He shouldn’t be left alone, especially at a time like this.”
“Yes, sir!” Hunter left the bridge.
The door chimed, and Jacob went to answer it while he was still in tears. As he opened it, he saw Corey there with all his luggage. Jacob only stepped aside.
“I’ll be with you, Jacob. You’ll be okay.” Corey entered and headed for Jonathan’s bunk. He put his stuff on the bed as he turned to his young charge. He held out his arms to the boy.
Jacob ran to him as he burst into tears and wails.
Corey picked up the boy as Jacob laid his head on Hunter’s shoulder. Hercules whispered in his friend’s ear. “You want to go see your Dad?”
Jacob nodded as he sniffled.
“Okay, let’s go.” Corey patted the boy’s head as he carried him out.
When they arrived in sickbay, the nurse only pointed the way as she returned to her duties. Hunter took Jacob in the darkened room where the general laid covered with every imaginable gadget connected to him. Corey sat with Jacob on his lap. The boy slowly looked toward his father’s motionless body. He took his father’s hand to hold. With the other hand, Jacob ran it up the arm and gently squeezed his father’s large arm. Hunter wrapped his arms around his charge.
“Don’t worry, Jacob. He’s a fighter.” Hunter gently held his little friend.
Jacob glanced back at his buddy. “What’s going to happen to me? I won’t have anyone but Jonathan, and he’s in the Military now.” He squeezed his father’s arm again as he sniffed. “He’s the only father I have.”
“Jacob, you have many fathers besides a biological father.” Hercules offered the boy his handkerchief. “Lots of boys don’t have a parent, and they have a new Dad. Many men welcome the chance to have a son for whom to care. Most can’t have a son of their own for whatever reason. So, they care for a boy as if he was their own. You’re not just a father or son by blood. It’s a relationship more than blood alone. It doesn’t matter what age you both are. You won’t be left alone. Your Dad already made arrangements a long time ago in case something happened to him.”
“Who?” Jacob turned back to his friend.
“I don’t know yet.” Hunter hugged Jacob. “For now, I will be your new Dad, okay?”
“Is that why you moved in?” Jacob tried to watch for any movement by his father.
“Yup!”
“How can something happen to someone so strong?” The boy held his father’s arm tight. “Nothing could hurt him.”
“No one is invincible. We all have our limits and weaknesses. No one lives forever in this life.”
Jacob ran his hand over his Dad’s chest and stomach. He seemed to want to feel his father’s strength again. “His muscles are still solid. Nothing can hurt him.”
“We’re on our way to a space station, where maybe someone can help him. He’s not dead yet.”
Jacob tried to make Mike’s arm flex. However, nothing happened. So, he put it back down. “Nothing should happen to my Dad. He’s too strong. He’s too brave.”
“As I said, ‘No one is invincible.’ That includes your Dad. He’s a great man, but he’s also just a man. We all are. Everyone will face their end, and there’s no avoiding that, Jacob.”
“Why not? Why do people have to die at all?” Jacob’s face contorted as he realized how final things are becoming for his father.
“Each of us is only given a certain number of days, hours, minutes, and seconds to live, and no more. But, whether or not, we want to admit it. There has always been another realm. In that realm are beings far more powerful than we. All that is came from a much higher being than we could imagine. Many have tried to deny this. Yet, it was upon this that our country was founded. Our Constitution even declares this belief. No matter how hard people try to deny this higher power, the day they will meet this power will come, and they won’t be able to deny him anymore. Out here, we have met this higher power for ourselves. What now?”
“So, what will happen to Dad?”
“How he dealt with his place in this life will determine what happens next.” Corey drew the boy to him as he comforted his charge.
“When is your last heartbeat?” Jacob sobbed into Hercules’s chest.
“I don’t know. No one does. It’s like Russian roulette. You never know when that fatal bullet comes around. Once it happens, there’s no changing anything. Game over!” Hunter stood as he lifted Jacob. “Getting hungry?”
“Yeah, but what about Dad?” Jacob looked down at his father’s condition.
“We’ll come back. The nurses and doctors are always watching him.” Hunter carried Jacob from the room as a nurse entered. “She’ll be with him.”
The duo found a table in the overly crowded room. Jacob kept playing in his food as he sulked. Then, as he looked toward the doors, a man entered, searching for someone. Jacob perked up. “DAD!!” The boy ran to the man, who looked down before squatting before Jacob.
The man smiled warmly at the boy. “Do I know you?”
Jacob’s joy became sorrow instantly as he realized it wasn’t his Dad. “No, sir. I just thought you were my Dad.” He broke down crying. “He’s dying, and I hoped you were him.”
The man hugged Jacob as he comforted him. Then, the man teared up himself. “You here with someone?”
“Yes, sir.” He pointed back to Corey at the table.
The man lifted Jacob as he carried him back to the table. “You missing a little boy?”
“Yes, sir!” Hunter stood as he smiled. “Sorry, sir, he’s missing his Dad.”
“We’re just getting to know each other. Everyone needs a Dad. He’s no different.” The man sat the boy back in his seat as he took the seat next to Jacob.
“What’s your name?” Jacob looked the man over as he mouthed, ‘Wow.’ “Are you an enhanced Troop, too?”
The man smiled. “Yup! I’m a Soldier. My name is First Sergeant, Fred Cook.”
“Really? What do you do?” Jacob started to warm up to the man.
“Sorry, I can’t tell anyone I don’t know by name. It’s Top Secret.” The First Sergeant leaned to him. “So, what’s your name? So I can tell you.”
“Jacob Richards!” The boy yelled with excitement. Then, he noticed everyone looking at them. “Oops.” He whispered as he covered his mouth.
Fred leaned closer. “Well, Jacob Richards, I do the physical training for all the Troops.”
“What’s so secret about that?” Jacob looked confused.
“Because I have to be on the watch for anyone suspicious.” The man started to tickle the boy.
“I’m not suspicious.” Jacob laughed. Then, he thought for a moment. “What’s ‘suspicious?’”
Cook chuckled. “It’s when something isn’t quite right. Like little boys who think I’m their Daddy.”
Jacob laughed at the thought. “Can the Troops keep up with you?”
“Most.” He smiled again. “Those like Hunter, here, need extra help.”
“Thanks, sir.” Corey rolled his eyes as he checked who was listening in on the conversation.
“Any time, Corporal.” Top changed his tone. “What’s happening with the General?”
“It’s unknown, sir.” Corey adjusted his position several times. “Sir, I am not allowed to discuss his medical condition, sir.”
Fred smiled. “Alright, I won’t put you in that position.”
“You know my Dad?” Jacob climbed on Hunter’s lap.
“Sure, I do.” Cook gently patted Jacob on the shoulder. “We often workout together. He’s a good man, and he’ll get through this. So don’t worry, Son. If you need someone to talk to, just see me. I’m usually at the gym training people. Don’t let that stop you. I’ll always have time for you.”
Jacob smiled weakly. “Okay, thank you, Fred.”
“You ready to go back to sickbay?” Corey held Jacob close to him.
“Don’t forget, Jacob, everyone that comes into your life does so for a purpose.” Fred reached over and kissed Jacob on top of the head. “Everything happens for a purpose. It all shows you the way to your destiny. You’ll never know who might be an angel sent to help you. Take care, my son.”
“Okay. Thank you and bye-bye.” Jacob went with Hunter.
Later in the day, sickbay lights were low as Jacob sat alone, holding his father’s hand. Tears ran down his face as he watched and waited for his father to awaken. As he did, a gentle hand rested on his shoulder. The boy looked to see who it was. He saw a gentle stranger of Middle Eastern descent. Squirt noticed scars across the man’s forehead.
“Who are you? Do you know my Dad?” Jacob enquired through his tear-filled eyes.
“Yes, I know your Dad quite well. But, I also know you, Jacob.” The man’s voice was soothing to Jacob. “Here, I am called ‘Dusya.’ I go by many names.” He kissed Jacob on the top of his head. “There is always a test, followed by the lesson. That is the way to learn about life and how you fit into it.”
“Dusya, what’s going to happen to my Dad?” Jacob fought to control his urge to cry. “Will my Dad die?”
“Everyone is only a heartbeat from eternity.” Dusya brushed Jacob’s hair off his forehead. “The greatest lesson to learn is that your life is very short. You may not have another second to live, no matter who you are or how old you are. So, you must always be ready to face ME in eternity.”
Jacob looked at Dusya’s hand as he brushed Jacob’s hair. Then, the boy noticed there were holes in Dusya’s wrists. “What are those holes from?”
Dusya held out his wrists to Jacob. “They are from something done to me for you long ago.”
“What?” Jacob had a worried expression.
“You will learn in time.” Dusya held the boy close to him, and he was gone.
Contents


About the Author

DON R. BUDD

While in Sacramento, Don R. Budd was diagnosed with a brain injury, which made it challenging to form words from the sounds he heard. The condition is now called “Auditory Processing Disorder” (APD). This issue was not a significant problem until something went wrong. Mr. Budd eventually needed to use Sign Language Interpreters.
Mr. Budd continued to assist the Deaf while working at various jobs, including Paralegal work and editing a legal magazine called “The Gavel.”
Ten years later, Mr. Budd moved to Apache Junction, Arizona, where his parents wintered. The State had Mr. Budd retested for his form of deafness. The doctor upheld the previous doctor’s diagnosis. Then the State of Arizona declared Mr. Budd Deaf even though he could still hear sounds.
An opportunity presented itself in Reno, Nevada. Mr. Budd moved to Reno and started work. The State of Nevada also classified Mr. Budd as Deaf. He eventually worked for an Americans with Disabilities attorney. He did this as a part-time job until he was accepted to work with the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Benefits Office. During this time, Mr. Budd was injured on the job. The injury continued to disable Mr. Budd. Because of the damage to the right arm and shoulder and all of his other disabilities, Mr. Budd could not work. He moved to Michigan to be with his family.
Technology was a growing interest in Mr. Budd. While on Workers’ Comp for his job-related injury, he started studying Computer Science at the University of Nevada – Reno. However, before he could register as a formal student, Workers’ Comp denied his training. As a result, Mr. Budd continued to study AI and other areas on his own.
Christ continued to provide for Mr. Budd, who continued to seek some way of supporting himself. Writing had been Mr. Budd’s outlet for many years. He took several correspondence courses for writing and studied many books on Fiction. Finally, after several urgings of friends, Mr. Budd began to publish his work. The Operation Phoenix series is an outgrowth of his interest in writing and technology.
Contents



Connecting with DON R. BUDD
mailto:DonRBudd@gmail.com
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/DonR.Budd/

If you wish to Friend Mr. Budd, do not merely have a few posts and pictures. Unfortunately, Mr. Budd does not respond to such requests. Sexual type of photos will not get a response. Mr. Budd has no interest in “Sex Games” many want to play. There are too many Hackers around.

Twitter: https://www.twitter.com/@donrbudd/

Contents



Other Novels by DON R. BUDD



https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/716602



https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/635315



https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/844430


https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/941900




https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/1039307

Contents


Coming Soon
OPERATION PHOENIX
BOOK 5
Against Time

Synopsis

Major General Michael C. Richards, USMC, now lays in sickbay on the verge of death. Captain Thomas Mitchell, acting Commander of the Human Fleet, is in a race “Against Time” to find a way to save the general’s life.
The Humans failed Dusya’s test and now must learn the lesson he has set for them. So what are the Humans to do? Do they surrender to the deity or fight for their “Freedom?” What happens to Jacob? What happens to Jonathan?
Everyone is just one heartbeat away from Eternity. So how are you using yours?
Contents





Thank you for reading this story. Please, post a review.

Contents
