Oracle's Legacy
Children of Sun

By R. B. Holbrook


Copyright © 2009 R. B. Holbrook

Smashwords Edition

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given
away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase
an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it
was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your
own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Discover other titles by R. B. Holbrook:

http://www.rbholbrook.com


Because of the dynamic nature of the Internet, any Web addresses
or links contained in this book may have changed
since publication and may no longer be valid.


This is a work of fiction. All characters, names, incidents, organizations,
and dialogue in the novel are either the products of the author's imagination
or are used fictitiously.




This is my first book, so of course I am dedicating it to God on high. Thank you!




TABLE OF CONTENTS

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Epilogue
Glossary



1



Present Day

The Oracle touched the glass of the window as she watched the world from her perch. For too long had her people stifled themselves--far too long. They hid among those less powerful than themselves, and for what? There was a time they understood why they hid, but now…
There were once schools where powerful organizations now sit. Children and adults alike studied and worked toward one goal: to become one with each other. What a wonderful time that was! Days spent enjoying the world, instead of … She clasped her hands in pain. 
All seven of those schools were given names--strong names--to represent their specific energies. Though the names were simple and in the language of that time, they reflected the simplicity of enlightenment. Reaching her mind to the past, she could see the schools and their wide-eyed love of the world. The first ones chose the names, and they had understood their meaning.
These schools, which were now called Houses, were pivotal among the Structure, their civilization. And the name and arrangements of each House had changed to reflect the new languages and the modern world. Though these Houses were just as important as they had always been, they now stood for something different: power, ambition, and influence. She wished the schools still stood at the core of their civilization. They should be learning, growing, and working together, she thought.
Taking in a deep breath, pain spread in her chest as her energy slowly healed her again. Her mind raced with images shooting to the forefront, bringing her to the present, and showing her the future. The unrest approached, the persecution prepared, and the unknowing world would learn what had been lost years ago. Her people needed to come to the light, a light lost to them when the world first came to be. In those ancient times, they understood the need to hide. They hid to close the divide between the powerless and the powerful. But now that divide was so narrow that the powerful had become the powerless. They had lost so much power and they did not realize it.
She shook her head in disapproval, watching the world turning, seeing the peace slowly dissolve. Open your eyes, my children. Open your minds, children of the Structure, before the world passes you by. She closed her eyes, letting the tears fall and her chest ache.
For thousands of years, since the beginning of humanity, her people had stood apart from the rest of mankind, for the simple fact that they wanted to better themselves. They wanted the world to be whole and united, and yet those days were gone. They were the enlightened. 
But now only a select few understood the old ways, understood the meaning of enlightenment. Now only a few hid in the shadows, waiting for the keys that would open the door to this better world, this united humanity. The rest hid behind their illusion of superiority and bid for power. Power? They knew nothing about power. She laughed.
The room began to shift as a shadow joined her side, showing slightly in the window. A shadow that came and went, yet always welcomed in her presence. A shadow so overwhelming, she found herself succumbing to it many times. But not this time.
"You have blinded me. Why?" it whispered over her skin.
"Have I?" She smiled to herself.
"You know your tricks will not last long on me." Its smile radiated in the room.
"Do I?" she answered.
Laughter spilled around her. "Shall I guess, or will that be futile?"
"Could you tell me the story again?" she asked, ignoring the inquiry. She wouldn't give in.
"Again?" It chuckled, echoing around the room. "You know I would do anything for you." The shadow stirred, and then said, "In the beginning, when the world was created and life formed, there was a man who saw the world with eyes unclouded. Never before was such a man known. No seer on any level could ever see everything, but this man did. Tesen, they called him. They say he had the Eyes of God, but Tesen knew different. God allowed him to see what he saw. Tesen began to show what he saw to all of mankind, but only a few followed. The few grew in their knowledge, hoping to unite the world that had slowly begun to divide. As the rift in the world grew, these people formed a deep bond of knowledge, family, and energy, as if to show the rest of the world what it should be. However, the rest of the world shunned them.
"So this tribe, Uni'ki, based its civilization, its existence, in unifying the world, uplifting it. However, as they grew more powerful, their hearts began to change. Corruption grew among them, spreading along their bonds. Believing themselves superior, they began to impose their beliefs and knowledge on those around the world, forcing unity. Conquering instead of teaching. Soon they became a force many feared and resented. War came, as those outside the tribe fought against the tyranny. Though their power was great, the destruction of the Uni'ki's achievements became inevitable, for the numbers outside their tribe far exceeded those inside. Seeing their error, the remaining members of the group severed the bond and sought to change the ways of their people. With their power, they created within themselves a barrier that guarded their inner power so that it would be used responsibly and only grow when they had achieved certain steps in enlightenment. They also decided it would be better to grow with the surrounding world than to advance separately. Quietly they spread their philosophy of unity blending and living among the powerless, the seal-less. All the while, they remained connected to the tribe. It was believed that one day the world would catch up to them, but until then, they would lie in wait, because the man with the Eyes of God had said, 'When the death march begins, the soulless shall rise up like an army, then the old shall be cleansed until new.'"
"Thank you." She smiled, feeling her spirit ease. There was little comfort in the days to come. She would accept any comfort given now.
"Now about my--"
"As much as I'd like to continue this discussion, I'm tired." She yawned.
"What is it you don't want me to see?" Its presence grew seductive. It would not be long before she gave in.
She touched the skin of her arm and closed her eyes. She stroked her arm and lay down to rest.
"I've missed you, too." It breathed and settled. "If this must be, then I will remain blind for a time, but not too long." Kissing her skin, the shadow caressed her before leaving. "For now." 
Feeling the departing whisper, she drifted off as the corners of the world began to fold inward, coming together to prepare for the changes it had long waited for.

()()()


Silver Spring, Maryland

Ollie pressed the buttons feverishly. She had a death grip on the device as both hands systematically pressed the buttons with all her energy. She had no choice. He'd left her no choice. She paid no attention to the pain in her fingers and the stiffness. She paid no attention to the urgent sounds in the background as she continued her onslaught of the buttons. The right sequence--she had to press the right sequence at just the right time, or …
"Argh!" She stood up, throwing the wireless game controller at the game console. She glared at the chubby teenager who was all teeth, as he sat in the swivel chair at her side.
A woman's voice carried into the room. "Ollie, your tone. The baby is asleep." 
"Want to lose again?" O-no taunted.
"Oooh." Her sixteen year old brother, Sunny, who was sitting on the floor in front of the couch, began to cackle. 
"Oh, shut up, Sunny. I don't see you steppin' up to bat." Ollie put her hand on her hip, ready to go toe to toe with every last mother who wanted to talk trash. She would give it back to them threefold.
He cackled again, just like a chimpanzee. The kid's laugh was so funny that it was contagious. She never could be serious with him for long. She began to giggle.
"Keep it down." The large, brown eyes of her twenty-eight-year-old twin, Ellis, looked over the pages of his book as his long fingers turned to the next page. The tall length of him was sprawled across the couch, giving no one access to it. "Are you going to finally answer your phone?" His words were calm.
"It's just Geo." After retrieving her game controller, she plopped back down on the floor. "Another game, O-no?" She grinned at her cutie-pie brother in the swivel chair.
"Only if you promise not to throw my controller again." O-no pressed Start to get the game going.
"Nooooo promises," she sang. But before she could get started, she was face down on the floor, body bent forward, as a hand reached into her back pocket.
"Geo," Ellis said as he let her back up. 
She turned to sneer at her twin. 
"Yeah, hold on." He held out the phone toward her.
"The sound wasn't even on. It wasn't bothering you." She tsked, rolling her eyes. 
"That vibrate thing really doesn't go well with my book." He bent to kiss her on the forehead as he placed the cell in her hand. Then he slumped back onto the couch.
Ollie had just been on a little field trip, and she wasn't in a mood for their eldest brother's bull. She just wanted to settle down and unwind for a couple of days. Putting the receiver to her ear, she would have to make short work of this call. "I'm in the middle of something, so go."
"I have a job for you."
"Does it involve killing someone?" She began her onslaught on the controller.
"No."
"Not interested." She hung up the phone and began her descent into failure again. "Awww, no way, O. I was distracted." She gritted her teeth.
"Piss-poor excuse, if you ask me." O-no gleamed. "Not like you'd have lost any differently."
The cackles came back, as did the vibrating next to her. Then there was a chime on the computer next to O-no as a message came up on his instant messenger. 
"Uh oh." O-no's cheerfulness faded. "The Grand Exalted One is pissed and says if you don't answer your phone, he's coming to visit." 
The room grew still as the two younger boys looked at Ollie.
Pain in the ass. She stood up, flipping open the vibrating phone and putting it to her ear. "You sure as hell know how to ruin a day."
"Listen, your uncle called. He has a quick task for you. I suggest you get it done soon. I mean tomorrow. I sent O-no the info." Geo hung up without waiting for her banter, which meant he was livid. Good.
"I'm going to pick up Bones. Anyone wanna ride with?" She smiled, putting Geo out of her head. Ellis put down his book and left the room. There was no doubt he was coming with her. 
O-no already had the information downloaded and sent to her phone. "Ollie, will you pick me up some CD-RWs?" He swiveled back around to her.
Again. "O, I just bought you a gazillion-pack last week. Are you selling music again?" After receiving just a grin, she shook her head. "Fine, but you are footing the bill this time."
"Ollie, you can afford it."
"Can, but won't." She put out her hand, waiting for the eighteen-year-old to fork over the cash.
He groaned as he went into a container on top of his computer station. He pulled out a one-hundred-dollar bill. "Use it all," he told her.
"Hey, Ellis, we got dinner money." She ran out of O-no's room to the stairs.
"Ollie, I meant spend it all on the CDs!" he yelled.
Ollie ran down the steps, around the railing, through the doorway, and down the hall. She stopped short at the hall closet in front of Ellis, who was putting on his leather jacket.
"I wish you would stop pushing Geo's buttons." He turned to her with solemn eyes. There wasn't much that bothered her twin. That was where Ollie picked up the slack.
"I'm not scared of him."
"But the rest of them are." He wanted for her to agree to stop annoying Geo.
Ain't gonna happen. "Ha! Man, you worried about them? You know I can handle it."
"But you shouldn't have to."
"Ellis." She got serious. "They need to learn to deal, just like you and I had to. Right?"
He nodded. "But they are young--"
"So were we." She walked past him, taking her jean jacket from his grasp. "Now shake your groove thing. I want to spend some time with the boys before I'm off on assignment again." She grinned back at him.
She raced her twin down the steps of the eight-story apartment building, trying to beat him to her truck. Ellis thought Ollie drove too fast and recklessly, so he was always trying to beat her to the driver's seat. Unfortunately, not only was he taller than she was, he was faster. In a fair fight, he beat her every damn time. Only in a fair fight.
At six-eight, Ellis was the tallest man in their large family, just as she was the tallest woman, standing at six feet even. He looked like he could play basketball, but he never did. Being the nerdy type, he'd never cared much for sports. By the look of him in his jeans and leather jacket, no one could ever tell how nerdy he was until he opened his mouth to speak. Sometimes she had to remind him that real people had a limited vocabulary. 
With large, brown eyes, thick, pouty lips, long lashes, and smooth, very light-brown skin, Ellis could have been a player. But instead he preferred to be oblivious. Everyone knew they were brother and sister, because she looked just like him, except for the hair. Ollie's black hair was wilder--far more curly, long, and unruly. Ellis's was shorter and tamer. Their hair seemed to describe their different personalities perfectly.
As she sat in the passenger's seat, Ollie closed her eyes for a moment to ease some of her jet lag. She had been traveling with Ellis for the past few weeks, doing jobs for her top clients back to back. The money was good, but damn if it wasn't starting to drain her. The various assignments helped to take her mind off of what was coming. Time for a vacation.
They arrived at the school, and Ollie hopped out of the truck. The final bell rang, signaling that school was out. Her genius little brother Bones went to a public high school for normal kids. Hell, the eight-year-old was anything but normal. He had a grasp of science and math like nothing she had ever seen. It wasn't unusual for members of Sun to exhibit higher-level thinking, but Bones exceeded even that. Ellis tried to encourage him to go to a private school for the gifted, but Bones wanted to stay close to his mother.
Bones spotted them the moment he exited the building. That didn't surprise Ollie one bit, considering he had a 360-degree field of mental vision up to several yards. The kid was extremely boney and lanky, with ashy dark brown skin, as if he had not used lotion all day. He had a large head, and that winning smile made his cheeks look like the only fleshy part of his body. Dressed like a nerd in an oxford shirt, creased slacks, and loafers, it was a wonder he wasn't picked on in school.
Running up to her, he jumped into Ollie's open arms. As she wrapped her arms around him, hugging him, he flinched. Ollie pulled back immediately. What the …? He rubbed his arm, looking at her with big puppy-dog eyes. "What the hell is wrong with your arm?" Ollie ground her teeth, wanting to kill the bastards that hurt him.
"Don't worry about it," Bones waved his hand, trying to brush it off like it was nothing. "How was your trip?" he asked, trying to change the subject.
Was he kidding? "Worry? What the fu--?"
She felt Ellis's hand come down on her shoulder as her mind began to clear and calm. Damn him and his power.
"This isn't the time for this." Ellis, the voice of moronic reason, wanted her to behave, so for now, she would. Climbing into her truck, the two brains began chatting about solar photo … something.
As they rode and the two brothers spoke Geek, Ollie mulled over whom she needed to hurt to keep them from hurting her brother. "They're just high-schoolers, Ollie." Ellis finally said to her as they pulled into a parking spot before heading into the super store.
High-schoolers? What did that have to do with anything? It was best they learned early not to mess with her family. Ollie looked down at Bones, who walked between the two towering over him. His skin was too pale to suit her. "Bones, when's the last time you ate?" she asked.
"An hour and a half, approximately," he answered.
She looked up at Ellis, who nodded. "Let's traverse the grocery section and pick up some things, buddy," Ellis said. He scooped the boy up and put him on his back, running into the store, as Bones laughed.


()()()


Taking another drag from the cigarette, the old woman leaned back in her oak rocker, facing the oven. The smell had not yet penetrated the glass front of the stainless-steel oven, so it still had a ways to go. She exhaled, letting the smoke pass through her nostrils. She closed her eyes and let her mind reach out around her to each wall in the condominium. Where there should have been walls, there were books. Ollie had had each wall crafted into shelf space for her brothers' books. Not an empty wall remained in the house. Even though O-no wasn't a reader, his walls were filled with music and DVDs. Ollie spoiled them something terrible.
Her mind traveling, she could feel O-no in his room on the computer--one hand on his keyboard, the other in a cookie bag. Sunny, who was sitting in his room at his desk, was on the phone. Scott was now awake and doing his best to rip apart the stuffed animal in the playpen.
It was quiet. So quiet. Too quiet. 
Ahh. The front door was opening.
"Mama." Ollie's voice came before she could see her, which was normally the case. The silence was gone. And a good thing, too. Silence only made the bonds drift apart. And just like that, the walls all came together as O-no pried his butt from the chair he had been in all day, and Sunny came into the hallway from his room, handing Ollie the phone.
Ollie squealed into the phone. The sound was music to the old woman's ears.
Taking another drag from her cigarette, she leaned forward and took a potholder from the marble countertop. Making sure her legs wouldn't give out under her, she secured her hand on the counter next to her. Ever so carefully, she rose up before shuffling over to the oven to open it. The delicious aroma filled the kitchen immediately. She pulled the large roast smothered in carrots, onions, and potatoes out of the oven and set it on top of the stove. Yep, it looked like enough for seven.
Ellis came into the kitchen, kissed her on the forehead, and went to the cabinets. He pulled down the paper plates that she hated. O-no came in and went straight to the counter drawer for the plastic ware that she hated. Ollie came in with the phone in her hand and a bag of plastic cups hanging from her bent elbow. 
These kids were too lazy to wash dishes. She just shook her head. 
Sunny came into the kitchen to take the bag away from Ollie as he prepared to help the others set the table. Bones came in with a bag that looked bigger than him. He set it on the counter and pulled out a jug of old-fashioned apple cider. Now, that would have been nice warmed, she thought as the kid brought it out to the dining room table.
The old woman shuffled into the dining area as they finished setting the table. Ellis placed the roast in the center, and Ollie ended her call.
The old woman slowly stooped down into her chair at the head of the table as everyone joined her. She waited as they all looked at her, wondering. "Ric is parking. Give him a moment," She said.
They all seemed to curse without saying the words.
Ollie started, "I should have known we were waiting for that--"
"Kiss-ass," O-no finished.
"You two." The old woman's face was stone. She didn't like that kind of talk coming from them about their siblings. Even if it was true. "You will not demean each other, understand?"
"Yes, Mama," they sighed.
"But Mama, you have to agree. He is." Sunny giggled, and they all joined him. Such a ray of sunshine.
It was not long before a tall middle-aged man walked into the dining room with a cake in one hand and a wave of the other. They all looked at the cake and began to giggle again.
"You all can kiss my butt, except you, Mama." He went over to kiss the woman on the forehead. He set down the cake on the table and went to wash his hands at the kitchen sink. Then he came and sat down beside Ollie, who began to pucker her lips at him, mocking. He frowned, but then he pecked his lips against hers, shocking her. Everyone laughed as they all took hands and said grace.
Yep, a little noise was nice.
After dinner, Ollie and Ric sat in reclining chairs on the balcony of the condo overlooking the downtown landscape. All the buildings were lit now, even though darkness was still minutes away. Ollie could see the fatigue in her brother's face as they talked.
Ric was the second of nineteen children. He had a kind heart, but he was such a peacemaker that he backed down from fights, trying to win everyone over and never making waves. He did his best to please everyone and succeeded in annoying everyone. But he didn't care, he said. "It comes in handy to help calm family disputes."
Though he was not the first to go to college, he was the first to pursue a respectable career, becoming a psychologist. He never had said why he went to college to study psychology, but his reason was now sitting beside him.
Eight months after he and his wife, Jen, bore their first child, Scott, she was diagnosed with breast cancer. Though all the cancerous tumors had been removed, the chemo had taken a lot out of her--and him. He tried to stay strong, and it helped that they were all there for support, but he needed some time to regroup.
Now Ollie worked her special brand of persuasion to get him to stay the night. She always did have a way with her brothers. But she was right in doing so; he needed to rest. And he had been away for too long. She didn't want him to drift away, as her eldest brother had.
"I've arranged for Star to take care of Jen for a couple of days," the old woman yelled out to the balcony, helping Ollie with negotiations.
Ric turned to her with a smile, not really sure if he liked his mother eavesdropping on their conversation. But old habits die hard.


()()()


"Thanks, Mama." Ollie giggled, loving her victory. Ollie turned back to Ric, who sighed, knowing there was no winning. Especially not against Mama.
"So, what are you going to do about Geo?" Ric asked her, knowing Ollie wasn't happy with the oldest. He always pulled his alpha crap with her when the kids were around because she tried to be more civilized around them. 
"He can kiss my natural ass. That punk keeps trying to bug me by scaring the kids. Not a good deal. I'm going to crawl all up and through his ass when I see him next time."
He laughed. "Only you've got the balls to do it."
"Balls or not, that nasty, arrogant prick may be the oldest, but he needs to learn to respect our wishes. And I wish you would grow some balls of your own and stand up to him sometime."
"Whoa, Ollie. Calm down. It isn't that easy." He laughed nervously, but she was right. No one except Ollie got into Geo's face. Ellis did, when Ollie was not around, but that was rare. Geo was very intimidating, and he could definitely back up his intimidation. The only reason Ollie and Ellis went toe to toe with him was because they had the tag team thing going for them. And because she rarely cared.
"You're far too old to fear him. Plus you need to set an example." She leaned forward, placing her arms on the railing of the balcony. She stared off beyond the skyline of the city. She was worried about Geo. He was getting farther and farther away from the family. He was the eyes and ears of their family and of the House of Sun, so it made sense that he would have to spend time away from home. But even brothers and sisters that lived farther from him, some outside the country, made phone calls to see how they were doing. The most arrogant of them called to see how Mama was. Geo only called about business. Always business.
Finishing his cider, Ric stood up. "It's been three years since Miko came to us. Is it confirmed that she's the last one?" He looked over at her, and she just shrugged, unsure. Ollie wasn't surprised when he chuckled. Their father was a pain in the ass. Of all the fathers to have in the world, the nineteen of them had gotten stuck with the worse. If there was a deadbeat dad list, Jacob Mason, Jamali, would be number one. The only person that remembered his face was Geo. The only one who loved him was Mama. And since he was still alive and kicking, there was a chance the man was still fathering bastards like the nineteen of them.
Ollie followed Ric into the penthouse, where he kissed Mama goodnight before he went to take one of the guest rooms. Once he was gone, the shaman's eyes opened, paling in color, and looked up at Ollie with warning. "Geo is coming tomorrow to speak with you."
"Early?" Ollie smiled. The woman nodded, confirming it. "Then I better get some sleep." She walked past the woman, placing her hand on her shoulder before heading upstairs. Ollie looked in on O-no, who was already tucked into bed. Farther down the hall, she looked in on Sunny, who had a book over his face as he slumbered in his beanbag chair. She took the book and helped him up to the bed before putting the book on one of the many stacks on the floor. The children had no more room on the shelves in the house to store their books, so they were now stacking them on the floor. She definitely would have to deal with that soon--before they had no room to walk. 
Passing Bones's room, she saw Ellis asleep beside him with his back against the headboard, head down, and his second book of the day lying on his leg. Bones was curled into Ellis under the covers. She clicked off the light and walked up the stairs to the loft. She crossed the space and sprawled across the king-size bed. Lying there, she let her body breathe as she turned her head to look over at the flat-panel TV mounted on the wall. Gradually she pulled herself up, reached for the remote on the nightstand, and clicked on the eleven o'clock news. She let the sounds of an oblivious world put her to sleep. Hopefully they would block out the nightmares.

()()()


St. Louis, Missouri

Laura mentally swept the motel room, but she gained no insight into what had caused the dead man in the corner of the room to claw out his own eyes and throat. She had never seen anything like it. Nothing about this made sense. House of River had sent agents out to look for the man, who had gone missing after finding out valuable information about the Oracle. There was talk about an assassin being after him, but no one in River would have sent out such a request. They needed him alive. And this man was House of River, so who else would have wanted him dead? Possibly another House that wanted the information he had.
The dead man was a keeper of records for River, the House of spirituality. He was one of the younger ones that could see into the past, like herself. Historians, as they were called. Because he was on a higher enlightenment level than she, he was privileged with access to many of the vaults of information that most other members of the House were not. So when it was discovered that he had breakthrough information, the Heads of River immediately had requested his presence. That was three weeks ago, and now he lay dead from self-mutilation.
Since his disappearance, rumors had begun to spread, suggesting that the Oracle's power was waning. If that was the case, then the Structure was about to suffer a huge setback. Looking at the man in the corner, Laura shuddered. How can you claw out your own throat?
"Did you find anything?"
Laura turned to face one of the three Heads of River. Mary Alexander was the most influential of the leaders of the biggest House in the Structure--and the sourest, after this incident. She was a stout woman with a double chin and short black hair that was flipped up. The frightening woman looked like a politician in her dark-gray suit. Her light-brown skin came from her Dominican father, and her narrow, brown eyes looked at everything like it was beneath her, although she was the shortest one in the room.
Laura clasped her hands to keep them from shaking before answering, "Nothing, but I have only swept the surface."
Armed with firsthand knowledge, this was a woman possessed. Fueled by ambition and dreams of power, Laura saw Mary's past in great detail, especially her business practices. Not because she wanted to, but because Mary Alexander had no regrets about the things she had done for power, and so she never had suppressed any of her past. She was a daddy's girl, and her father had taught her everything that had made him successful. She was known for her brutal yet effective headstrong tactics, and not many people dared to cross this woman. She was vying for more power with her seat at the head of River, and she did not keep it a secret. Anyone who believed himself or herself to be an obstacle became fair game.
"Nothing."
"Pissed" was the only explanation Laura could give for that expression. "I'm trying to dig deeper, but this was a higher-level incident. This will require more time," Laura said.
"Higher-level? How high?" Mary's expression grew softer immediately. Her dark-brown eyes unfocused as she began to wonder the very thing Laura was wondering. Who else wanted at this man, and why? The woman rubbed her chubby hands together and then placed them on Laura's forehead. Mary was using her abilities to enhance Laura's powers. A surge of energy went through Laura's body, amplifying her visions. The images in the room from the past went from blank to vivid instantly.
Laura stood before a huge, black figure, an evil image of a being. Blacker than the night sky. A void. Fear clamped onto her, holding her in place. Her vision focused on the eyes. The eyes were death, chaining her, dragging her into its presence, welcoming her into its cold embrace. Her soul burned, and pain seeped from every pore, oozing like her own blood, which was soon to spill--but not just yet. There was still more time. Plenty of time. The being wanted to make sure she felt the pain over and over before her blood spilled. It did not smile, but she felt its wicked pleasure. A thousand needles penetrated the very depths of her. Her voice became raw before she realized she was screaming.
The figure was gone, and the room was back as she remembered. But the images were still there, so fresh. Playing over and over …
"What went on here?" Mary asked, breathless. She looked scared but not as scared as Laura. Not nearly scared enough. Whatever that had been, it was coming for her next. It knew her, saw into her soul, and was prepared to take her. It enjoyed her taste and was going to take more. Laura backed up into a wall and went down on her knees, praying. She chanted words she had not chanted since she was a child. She had seen evil in its purest form.
"Talk to me. What did you see?" Mary insisted.
"It wants me. It's coming for me." Laura shook uncontrollably. She looked up into Mary's face. "You killed me!" She cried hot tears.
"You're fine. It was just past events. Remember, you can only see past events. Laura," Mary said, and smacked her. "Get hold of yourself."
Laura tried to focus, tried to think, but nothing made sense. That figure was so real. It was right in the room with her. She looked around to the man. He had done that to himself. Fear had driven him to kill himself in such a manner. A few seconds longer with that … being … and she might have done the same. Would have done the same.
"What I saw was not human. What he saw was not human. It possessed him, drove him to that."
"Did he say anything?"
"Rambling, nothing but ramblings," Laura could barely remember hearing anything. "There was something. Demon … something."
"Demon's Wrath?" Mary's eyes popped wide open.
"I don't know … maybe. I … What is Demon's Wrath?" By the silence coming from the woman, it was clear it wasn't good. From the images, it had to be worse.
Mary called in the cleanup crew. "Clean it up. Everything. We won't find anything out." She looked at Laura with apologetic eyes. "I'm sorry, Laura, but you may be right. I think I just got you killed."
Somehow Laura had already known that the moment the void had looked back at her.

()()()



2



Silver Spring, Maryland

Ollie woke up abruptly, as if from a nightmare that she couldn't remember. Maybe it had been a nightmare, or maybe it was the change in the air. It wasn't as it was the previous night. Her twin lay beside her, asleep, head propped up under his hands, legs stretched out, wearing the same clothes from yesterday. Then she recalled that not even she had changed. He lay as straight as she sprawled. Good thing it was a California king-size mattress, or she would have kicked him. 
Sluggishly she glanced around the room and focused on the mirror on the wall opposite the TV. The TV was turned off, probably before Ellis had collapsed on the bed. Her eyes took her into the black of the bathroom next to the mirror and behind her, to the window next to the TV. It was dark outside. She turned to the nightstand to look at the clock. Four in the morning.
It wasn't her twin that had awakened her; his sleep was too heavy for him to have just plopped down. She looked toward the stairs leading down to the second floor and listened. Nothing. Slowly she rolled just until she was at the edge of the bed. She lowered her feet until she felt the rug. Gradually standing, she made her way to the steps, feeling the cold hardwood floor. Her ears perked. No one, not even Mama, would be up that early, so someone else was in the house. She cursed. Geo must have anticipated that Mama would warn her, and he'd decided to show up even earlier.
She descended the stairs and walked quietly down the hall, checking each room to make sure everyone was in place and safe. She walked down the last set of stairs to the main floor, where she saw the light on in the kitchen. Breathing in deep, she strolled through the living room and dining room until she stopped at the bar separating the kitchen from the dining room. His muscular frame sat on a stool at the bar, looking down at a newspaper.
His amber eyes shifted up to her without any warmth. His hair was cut to his scalp, his high cheekbones and jaw were tight, and his skin smelled of fresh peppermint. He had been in her condo, probably looking for her, not knowing she was staying with Mama.
"Fresh haircut. Let me guess--you're on assignment." Ollie gave him the very icy welcome he'd given her. She eyed his keys sitting on the gray marble surface next to him.
"We need to talk," he said.
"Yes, we do." And as soon as the talk was over, he was planning on leaving--before the kids woke, before Mama got to see his face. How wrong he was. She took his keys.
"What the …?"
Before he could stand up, she slid them into her pocket. "Hear me. Six months of your hardass routine is all I can stand. One year is bull. For the next two weeks, you'll be here, you'll talk to Mama, you will catch up with the kids without scaring them--and if you think about leaving, I blow your cover. Scott and Ric are here, so play nice with your brother and nephew. If you want, you can pick a fight with me to blow off steam. Do business from here, but no way are you to leave for the next two weeks."
"Give me my keys." His voice was mean.
"Your keys or your job?" She stared into his cold eyes, daring him.
"I have no time for your games,"
"Games?" She tilted her head to the side to let him know that there was no game involved. "Geo, I'm dead serious." 
"You would sabotage my life like--"
"Without a second thought." She narrowed her eyes at him, preparing for retaliation.
"I could do the same to you."
"Do it." She stepped back, holding up her arms so that he could take in everything around him. "I can retire off of what I've made and still support everyone in the family if I wish. And I have made provisions so that if something like that ever happened, I can just disappear and take everyone with me. You see, Geo, my life's not the job. So get this through your thick-ass skull. If you want this to be a game--" She leaned into his face. "Let's play."
The hardened lines in his face showed her he was pissed, but there was no way out of the situation; he had to suck it up. Grinning, enjoying her little victory, she walked around the bar into the kitchen and began to fix breakfast. She didn't look at him for a long time, because she knew he was still sitting at the bar trying to find a way out of his mess. She'd had a long year to think it all over, and this course was what had to be. Two weeks was nothing, but it would be something for the kids and Mama. They needed to see their brother for awhile, even if he didn't want to see them.
Ollie pulled down the pancake mix and began mixing all the ingredients that the box called for. It wouldn't be special like Ellis's cooking, but it would be edible, and the syrup would cover up the not-so-special taste. She got the bacon out of the refrigerator drawer, then she pulled down a large frying pan from the stainless steel pot rack. Turning up the heat on the stove, she placed the pan over the burner and slid the bacon in the pan. 
"So, did you want to talk?" she finally said as she flipped the pancakes in the skillet.
"Falco wants his money from Greg Hooser." His voice was tight.
That wasn't why he wanted to talk. He had already called her about that, and Geo didn't have a habit of repeating himself. It was most likely about yesterday, but he had lost the high ground, so the conversation was a moot point.
She said, "I just visited that prick two months ago."
"He also wants you to send the family a message."
"The expensive kind?"
"Yeah." His voice lost its hard edge, as if he was resigned to the fact that he would be captive. That, or he had something up his sleeve.
After the first batch of pancakes and bacon was done, she put them on a plate and placed it in front of him. She reached into a cabinet and pulled down the syrup.
"If you want it warmed …"
"Yeah, I know." He popped the top of the Mrs. Butterworth's and poured it over everything. She handed him a fork and went back to the stove. It wasn't long before the pounding of feet came down the steps.
O-no waltzed into the kitchen, eyeing his brother. "'Sup?" he asked quietly, afraid of the reaction he would get.
"Morning," Geo replied, eating.
Ollie looked over at the cubby, six foot three eighteen-year-old as he nodded his head in Geo's direction, as if to say, What's up with him?
She just handed him a plate. "By the way, O-no, you and Sunny are going to school today with Bones," Ollie told him.
He spun around before leaving the kitchen. "Why?" 
"Because I want you to watch out for him. Some kids have been manhandling him, and if you and he don't figure something out, I'll intervene." She turned back to the stove with the spatula, picked up the frying pan, and flipped one of the pancakes.
"It's just them fire punks," O-no grumbled.
She slammed the frying pan onto the stove and tossed aside the spatula. She whirled around, gaze locking on him, as his eyes grew in alarm. "What the …?" She exhaled as she stepped closer to him. Had she heard him right? No way. She stepped forward again as Geo put his arm out between them, more for O-no's benefit than hers. "Are you telling me you knew about this?" His face paled. "Go wake up Sunny, and bring your asses down here. Now," she snarled at him.
He put down his plate, cursing. He stomped off and went back up the steps.
"And you tell me not to scare them," Geo chuckled.
"Oh, shut up," she breathed.


()()()


Ellis woke, hearing shouts coming from downstairs. Ollie was on a tirade. Someone had antagonized her early today. He looked over at the clock. Four-thirty in the morning. Too early. He took in a long, cleansing breath and made his way down to the second floor. He went into Bones's room and shook the fragile boy. Bones stirred a bit. Ellis gave him a moment and then patted his shoulder. The kid moved his shoulder in response, slowly opened his eyes, and then closed them again. Exhaustion was starting to set in.
"Come on, Einstein," he said softly. The kid moaned a little in protest. "You have to get up and eat."
"I. Know." Bones slowly raised his body before he lifted his head. He opened his big eyes and slumped. His skin was pale again. Ellis took Bones by the arm, placed a hand on his back, and ushered him out of the room carefully, so the boy would not trip over the piles of books. They made their way down the steps to the kitchen.
Geo sat in his suit and tie at the bar, watching in amusement as Ollie reprimanded O-no and Sunny. The two boys tried to make compelling arguments in their favor, knowing good and well that they were wasting their time. Ellis sat the half-asleep boy at the dining table before going to the stove and taking the skillets off the burners so that the food would not burn. Noticing that the bacon was done, he put some on a plate and went to set it in front of Bones. Then he turned around to see that Geo was up and pouring a glass of orange juice. When he stepped back into the kitchen, Geo turned with the glass of juice. He handed it to Ellis, who took it. Going back to the table, Ellis saw that Bones was already chewing the bacon with his eyes closed. As he set down the juice, Ric came into the dining area with Scott in his arms.
"Ollie, who can sleep with that racket?" Ric asked, settling his son in the high chair across from the table.
"Your brothers knew that Bones was being pushed around at school, and they weren't doing a damn thing about it." She narrowed her eyes at the boys, who stood with their mouths open in disbelief. The room felt cold all of a sudden, making Ellis's skin crawl.
He and Ric went over to the two quivering boys. Because O-no was the same height as Ric, standing eye to eye, he was not intimidated in the least by the second oldest. But when Ellis towered over both boys, O-no stiffened like a scared child.
O-no and Sunny attended the same high school as Bones, even though they barely went. Both of them used Sunny's abilities of persuasion to sway the teachers' and administrators' minds, to keep from going to school. Ollie didn't mind, because they were smarter than the curriculum they studied. O-no, who was a computer whiz, was eighteen and scheduled to graduate at the end of the school year. He had already passed all of his major courses. He had decided to remain a normal kid and finish school like normal children did. 
Sunny was sixteen and was also too smart for the school, but he never tried to hide it like O-no. And he never tried to enroll in a more advanced curriculum, like Ellis had suggested. Sunny was also scheduled to graduate at the end of the year. Ollie was afraid he would miss out on his childhood, moving so quickly. But Sunny didn't seem to mind, and neither did his mother.
"You will be going to school with your brother the rest of the year. And you will like it," Ric said before Ellis could get it out.
"You told us that we need to learn to fight our own battles," O-no defended.
"Bones can hardly defend himself," Ellis reminded them. They dropped their heads. Not only was Bones eight years old, but he also didn't have the muscle mass to defend himself. Being hypoglycemic, the kid could not eat enough.
"Hold up your head and take it." Geo's deep voice carried from the kitchen as he went to the stove to finish breakfast. They complied.
Ellis said, "While we are away, O-no, you are responsible for those here, since you are the oldest. I expect more from you." The young man was more considerate than this. "I don't care if it is Flame, Heart, or the pope--you will not let them hurt Bones. You will take care of this family, just like everyone else does. And if you don't like it--"
"--get out. There's the door." Ollie finished for him, pointing to the door.
The boy was eighteen years old and could fend for himself. There was no need for him to stay in a family that he didn't care about, but he did care. "You're right, I got selfish." O-no had understanding written all over his face. He was accustomed to everyone else taking care of him and his siblings, and he was not given enough initiative to help.
"Listen, you two, we can't be around all the time. And you are getting older. It is time you take charge where we cannot," Ellis told them.
"You thought that once me and E got back home, we would take care of it, didn't you?" Ollie cut in. She was upset, far more than Ellis thought was necessary. But then Ollie rarely chained her emotions.
Sunny nodded.
"Well, it's your turn." Ollie turned her back on them and went into the kitchen.
They broke up once the old woman came in. She shuffled over to the table, looking all of them over, knowing what was going on yet saying nothing. She always knew what was going on. It showed in her old brown eyes when they lightened. Her long, straight, silver hair hung over her shoulders as she stooped to sit. The skin on her jaw was like pudding, while her high Choctaw cheekbones seemed to keep the skin on the upper half of her face somewhat in place. She was hunched over from age and the pain that had set into her bones and joints.
Bethea Smoking Shaman, birth mother of two boys, Ric and Geo, took any child in their father's blood line. Though she was aging and kind, no one took her lightly. She was Ellis and Ollie's only mother, because their biological mother had died during childbirth. They considered her a gift, and she considered them priceless.
"O-no, can you fix my plate for me?" she said, and he complied immediately. "Bones, finish your pancakes. Geo worked hard on them for you. Sunny, pour everyone something to drink," she ordered as everyone began to gather for breakfast.
The Smoking Shaman could handle the boys but she preferred to let the older ones do it. She had made it clear long ago that they all must take care of each other. That was what family did. Too bad their father didn't understand this concept.
Jamali was his name; it meant "beauty" in the language of the African tribe from which he originated. But he had an Americanized name as well: Jacob Mason. The mention of his name made them nauseous for numerous reasons. But the main reason was his absence.


()()()


Ellis remembered the story from when Mama first told it.
"Though these words may seem far-fetched, they are all true. So listen wisely and carefully." She exhaled a cloud of cigarette smoke through her lips. "More than a hundred and fifty years ago, I was born in Choctaw territory in a state now known as Mississippi. My family, my tribe, was of the Structure, Sun, but because of much of the unrest between us and the new settlers, the Structure was not doing well. We were divided by war and politics. Though we all struggled to live, those who were enslaved and brought here against their will struggled more. After a time they were freed, but others' scrutiny of them continued. 
"Some of the dark-skinned men and women came to live among us. They were members of the Structure who knew we would take them in. All of them were from the House of Sun. One in particular caught my eye. But I wasn't the only one smitten with him--many of the women in my village were drawn to the man. He was beautiful. Tall, masculine, with eyes like sunset." She closed her eyes and drank in her own words. "So graceful, so smart. Beautiful. Jamali." 
She smiled, opening her eyes. "That is where Geo got his eyes and strong nose. Of all the children, he looks the most like Jamali. Though Jamali was so sought after, he didn't care for anything but enlightenment. He wanted to get stronger so that he and his people could rise above the struggle over the land and its people. So I joined him in his pursuits. I didn't want to be separated from him. I genuinely loved him. Still do. It wasn't until about seventy-five years ago that he decided to marry me. He had reached great enlightenment, and so had I. We had not aged much due to our enlightenment, so we were still capable of having children. Yet the Structure here was considerably more prominent, so we took an active hand at building upon it. Forty-two years ago, I became pregnant with his first child. Motherhood is where my quest for enlightenment ended. Two years later, our second came." 
She grinned. "Afterward, we saw things differently and agreed to take our own paths. I kept the kids, and he returned to his quest for enlightenment. I saw where his path led him, and I knew what to expect from him. So when he came to me two years later with Elsie, his first daughter, I was more than willing to raise her. It was Elsie who learned to track her brothers and sisters and who brought you all together." She looked at him and smiled.
"Why does he have so many children?" She asked the question that was at the forefront of his mind. "I will not answer that. But I guarantee he loves every last one of you, whether you realize it or not. But I take in any of his children who are without care, because they are mine as much as they are his." She practically glowed as she looked at him. "You and your sister have a home now. You are family now, and we will always be there for you."


()()()


That was the same day he had learned how the energy of advanced enlightenment could sustain the body far beyond its natural life expectancy. The higher the level of enlightenment, the longer a person could live. Some could live for several thousands of years if they continued to seek enlightenment. 
Ellis looked around at his five brothers and his sister. The table was the fullest it had been in over a year. She would be happy. Maybe soon, all nineteen of the children could gather at once and commune. Mama would really enjoy that.


()()()


Ellis and Ollie left the house right after the kids left for school. Ollie made sure to leave specific instructions for Ric to watch Geo so that he didn't leave. Mama was thrilled to have him home but hid her emotions behind her smokescreen. 
Geo was such a pain, giving her such a lame assignment. And it was a bummer heading back out of town when she had just gotten home yesterday. Since she was only going to Atlanta, she would be back before she blinked. And then she'd definitely take some time off.
Once at the airport and checked in, Ollie sat at the boarding gate next to her bookworm brother, waiting to board the plane. She checked her watch to see how long it was before the plane's departure. Twenty minutes. Good. She had plenty of time to roam the terminal and maybe grab some candy from the candy bar. 
She patted Ellis's shoulder to let him know that she would be back, then she began her stroll past slumbering business suits and restless kids. Avoiding the passing entourage of wheeled luggage, she walked into the main breezeway. She gave a grin to the college guys in the coffee shop ogling her. Their sweaters said Yale, but they didn't look that intelligent. Passing the newsstand, she saw a man with a symbol on his forearm. The symbol was made up of dark, almost black lines that formed abstract blades. He was Blade. He looked up from his newspaper, probably feeling her eyes on him. Another man whose back was turned looked over his shoulder at the Blade, who spoke to him. Having grown up around bookworms, the two Blades were too observant to actually be reading. Hmmm. She just nodded, acknowledging the first one, who nodded back. 
When she turned her head, she stopped short; a tall man in a business suit with a laptop bag in one hand, staring down at a paper in the other, was about to run slam into her. He stopped and looked up at her. His eyes were deep blue and looked sunken under his heavy, protruding brow. The military haircut was so close to his scalp that his brown hair barely showed. His hard jaw clenched as he looked down at her in annoyance. His suit, by the threading, had to be expensive, and his laptop bag wasn't something you got at a mall. Definitely high-end leather. This wasn't his normal style, so why the getup?
Sebastian Crenshaw was the number one elite Blade enforcer. Next to the Blade's Head of House, he was the most powerful man in Blade. The elite enforcer was the Structure's equivalent to a military general. Since Blade was the military strength of the Structure, this meant that Sebastian was the badass of badasses. Especially when Blade had a hand in every existing military organization.
"Excuse me." He bowed his head, staring at her with hard eyes.
"Yeah," Ollie said, moving out of his line of vision. The man made her uneasy for reasons she didn't want to think about at that moment.
She passed the bathrooms and made her way to where many of the parents with kids gathered. The candy bar, with its multicolored displays and dispensers, couldn't have stood out much brighter. It was a beacon to kids everywhere, encouraging them to annoy their parents or older siblings. She opened a container that contained chocolate mints and took out a scoopful, spilling it into a small plastic bag. She grabbed a paper bag and began to filling it with lollipops and peppermint sticks. She finished her shopping at the assortment of chocolate nuts.
She took it to the cashier, who weighed it and rang it up. "Nineteen-eighty."
Before Ollie could reach for her wallet, a twenty-dollar bill came from behind her. And the cashier took it, ringing her up, too impatient to ask if she objected. Ollie glanced at the cuff of the threaded business suit. 
The enforcer. 
She grabbed her bag of goodies and turned to the man, who was eyeing her suspiciously. "Thank you," she said before walking past him.
"My men tell me you recognized them." He frowned. She had already figured those men in the newsstand belonged to him; it was just too much of a coincidence. As was the woman who had just entered the candy store and was looking around; she kept looking over her shoulder at Ollie, giving herself away.
"What do you mean?" Ollie asked innocently as she fumbled through the bag and pulled out a handful of chocolate.
"Who are you?" he demanded, not believing her ploy.
She put a piece of chocolate into her mouth and chewed, watching him, wondering exactly what he wanted to hear from her. Just as she was about to touch the mind of his spy, her phone rang. "Let me put you on pause while I answer this." She winked at him before answering it.
"It seems you're in a bind, Fire Eye." A smooth, deep male voice slid into her ear. Now, this she didn't need. She continued walking, knowing Sebastian's eyes were following her.
"Can I help you?" she said very sternly, trying not to give away her distain.
"Why, oh why would Sebastian and his flunkies be in the same airport as you, I wonder? Maybe someone tipped them off." He laughed.
That bastard-ass son of a … "Funny. I did as you asked. So why the call?" She narrowed her eyes.
"That little message you sent me wasn't cute. I don't appreciate it one bit. I've told you before not to piss me off." His voice grew icy, and she smiled.
"I didn't have to do your little task, but out of the kindness-"
"Quit the games. You owed me--"
"Not a damn thing." She gritted her teeth, clenching her jaw to keep from screaming into the phone.
"You were warned before. No more warnings." He sounded more than livid.
She smiled again. "Since you gathered the actors all around, I might as well put on a show. Enjoy, dickhead," she said, hanging up, knowing he was there somewhere. He was such a prick. As soon as she slid the phone into her pocket, she glanced over at the two men in the newspaper stand momentarily. Letting her guard slip, she slid another piece of chocolate into her mouth.
One of the men began to shout at the other. The other pulled out a gun, and screams followed. Sebastian ran over immediately to break it up before it got out of hand. They passed a caravan of business types, who immediately gave their attention to the conflict, causing even more chaos as the professionals began to shout. 
Slipping her defenses back on, she licked her fingers clean of chocolate as she continued walking, not the least bit concerned about the commotion. When Ollie got back to her brother, she sat next to him and popped a chocolate-covered almond in his mouth. He chewed without a word as he turned the page in his book.

()()()


Atlanta, Georgia

The meeting with Granger didn't take long. Arthur got a very flat answer from the man. No, I'm not interested. No, I will not help you. With that answer, he would have to go lower in the food chain to get what he wanted.
Arthur already had his best agent in the field. And Elliot was a godsend. His specialty was spying on other Houses, and it paid off.
The news Elliot had brought about the Oracle's power weakening was invaluable information. Opportunities like this came once every two hundred to five hundred or so years. To take the seat of power for a single House brought honor--honor, power, and anything you wanted. If he could bring Flame that kind of power, he would sit at the head of House Flame and make it the most powerful House in the Structure. Though now the throne of power was held by Sun, it would not be long before the choosing process began. How would that work?
Over two hundred years ago, when the last Oracle was chosen, there was war within the Structure. Most of it was overseas, because America was still young, but now with advanced communication … How had they managed back then?
Arthur looked down at the books and papers that now consumed his desk; they contained histories of the different Houses and new reports from the past weeks. Even his chair was not suitable to sit in. But it didn't matter. The information was there, the plan was made, and all he needed was the right pieces to click into place.
While the different Houses were ready to go after the Oracle directly, no one knew who or where the Oracle was. Arthur, on the other hand, would work toward finding more information about potential candidates. No matter how expensive the task, he would make sure that everything was covered.
His own candidate was hidden and safe, and he had alerted the Heads of Flame about the potential for conflict. This went over extremely well. The House of Flame put him in charge of all matters concerning the Oracle. It was clear that the ambition was mutual among most if not all in the House. House Flame had only had the honor of producing an Oracle twice since the beginning. And with that honor, they had directed the Structure well. 
Sun, it appeared, was clearly favored to get it this time too, with its prophetess who was said to be stronger than any prophet from the last five hundred years. What made her so unique was the fact that she was Sun. Most prophets came from River. It wasn't her visions that made her so unique; it was her ability to predict events using theory and probability. Her abilities alone made it no surprise that Sun had kept the Oracle position far longer than any of the other Houses. They seemed to be the most candid, intelligent, and enlightened among the Houses. But no longer would they hold Flame back.
Even though Sun had held the seat the longest, they were of no real threat. They were not very interested in conflict, and therefore they would be easy to eliminate. The real threat came from River. With the largest House in the Structure, River had twice as many candidates as Flame. They also had Mary Alexander, one of the three River Heads of the Grand House. 
The Grand House was the ruling council of the Structure. While the Oracle was considered the overall ruler, the Oracle never actively ruled. The Grand House did. It made decisions and rules for the Structure. The Oracle only intervened if necessary, being the final word. And being the most powerful in the Structure, the Oracle was the most powerful in the world, so no one questioned the Oracle's rule. That is why the Oracle was always the most enlightened: to limit human failings.
Those who helped bring an Oracle into power were considered honors to the House they represented and the Structure. That was why so many were preparing to do what it took to secure this honor, especially Mary Alexander. She was a ruthless woman who had clawed her way to her position. She definitely would take this opportunity, as he was going to do. But her approach would not be subtle. "A bull" was the only way to describe her. She ran headlong into everything she wanted, and when the bull charged, everyone got out of her way. So there were few who said no to her.
Yes, she would be a challenge. But how would she begin? He would have to keep an eye on that one. Eyes …
Arthur needed extra eyes and more information. Only the best would do. And there was one woman who could get him anything he needed. Information galore, for the right price. That was the one he would seek out.
Getting on the phone, he began to see the pieces coming together.

()()()



3



The flight only took an hour and a half out of their morning, and they ended up in Atlanta, Georgia. Ellis had ignored her for the whole flight, with his face in his book, so all Ollie had to occupy her mind was the expensive-ass candy she'd got at the airport terminal. The minute they arrived, they went to the passenger parking lot, where a black fully refurbished 1970 Camaro was waiting for them. Ollie took the keys out of her back pocket and threw them at Ellis. He caught them, popped the trunk, and put his bags and hers inside.
Ollie got out her cell and began to dial, making arrangements. "Troy, brutha, we're here. We need a roof and some equipment,"
"No doubt. See you in thirty," Troy replied before hanging up.
After thirty minutes of dodging traffic, they pulled into a small housing complex that looked like something out of Southern Living. When they pulled up to the blue two-story house with a white picket fence, she saw a wiry man sitting on the porch with a glass of something in one hand and a cigar in the other. The thirty-year-old didn't smoke anything legal, so it was laced. And the brown stuff in his glass had to be alcoholic, because her brother's taste was attuned to only one type of beverage, even before lunch.
Troy wasn't a big man, but his attitude was big, and anyone who was anyone in Atlanta knew him somehow. He dealt in arms--illegally, of course, but the underground market was good to him and he to it. And if the cops had any idea how his operation ran, they might catch him, but until then, all they had were suspicions. His real name was Malcolm, but she called him Troy because he was like the Trojan horse. He was that deceptive.
Being House Stone, Troy's powers were more substantial than those of other Houses. He had the ability to disorient and distract by manipulating his body's energy and electromagnetic field to emanate light and control it just enough to create a temporary light show. Just enough to throw off a person's concentration. Like a shiny object to a toddler.
The "underground" was what they called business that went on in the Structure, under the nose of the powerless public. Keeping it below radar was as crucial as keeping the Structure from the notice of humans without the seal: the marking on the skin that indicated what House a person belonged to and what level of power he or she possessed.
Troy rose from his chair and met them at the stairs. His hair was more afro than it had been the last time she saw him. His sunken jaw and darkened lips began to show his addictions. His wide, dark eyes showed the kindness he could never hide. The T-shirt and slacks hung loosely on him; he had lost more weight. 
The guy seemed to be on a slow, self-destructive fixation ever since Mara had left him. The prissy bitch. She would never find a man who would be as good to her as Troy. He would have done anything for that woman. Too bad he wouldn't let Ollie hunt that woman down and scalp her. She would've done it with a smile.
He embraced Ollie around the neck, kissing her on the cheek. "Missed you," he said. His gravelly voice and woodsy smoke aroma warmed her to the toes. He kissed her again. He let her go and put his cigar between his teeth before grabbing Ellis's hand. "Takin' care of my sister?"
"Who else will?" Ellis said, nodding toward Troy's glass.
"In the house, on the counter. Help yourself." He took one of the bags Ellis was carrying. "So how's the shaman and the rest of the pack?" he asked.
She got him up to speed on family business as he showed her the arsenal of weaponry she had to choose from for her assignment, at the kitchen table.
"It's goin' down today?" Troy asked.
"Yeah, because as soon as he catches wind that I'm in town, he'll go ghost on me."
"Hmm. Well, it's an hour before noon, so you better get goin'. How long you plan on stayin' in town?" he asked, exhaling smoke into the air.
"Plane leaves tomorrow afternoon."
"Good. Maybe I can get that stiff brother of ours into a strip club tonight." He chuckled.
"Or maybe not," Ellis came up behind him and sat down next to a sniper rifle.
"I'll try anyway. That one there." Troy pointed to the rifle. "A Wolfe original."
"Seriously, Cee's Wolfe?" Ollie gleamed at its titanium alloy.
"Um … who else?" Troy cocked his eyebrow.
Ollie reached for it.
"Touch it and pull back a stump." Ellis narrowed his eyes at her, making her hand stop in midair. Why did he have to be so anal?
Troy laughed. "He pre-ordered it, darlin', so it is rightfully his. However, I got somethin' especially for you. Modified with you in mind." He put his cigar in his mouth and pulled a large, unfinished pine box from under the table. "First, you gotta tell me how you got Geo to sit in one place." He lifted the box and placed it on the table.
"I put him on house arrest." Ollie took Geo's keys out of her pocket, dangling them. "And gave him an ultimatum." 
The man unlatched the metal clasps, before saying, "Damn, girl, you got twice the sack of any man I met." He laughed while trying to keep his cigar in his mouth. He opened the box, and inside were two double-barreled twelve-gauge pump-action sawed-offs.
"Holy ..." Ellis stood up and looked into the box. "Where did you get the hillbilly twins?"
"Who else? Wolfe sent 'em to me, thinkin' I'd see you before he would, and of course he was right. Then again, Cee might've told him." He grinned as he joked about their sister, the foreseer. "He said he modified them to give you twice the bang without all that damn recoil. He also sent special armor-piercing rounds for 'em--not like you need 'em. Supposedly these bad boys can blast through a vault door. Now, I ain't believin' that for a minute."
Ellis said, "If Wolfe said it--"
"It's true," Ollie finished as she touched the polished titanium of the barrels. "Billy and Bob. Hell, I've missed them." She grinned. "But he didn't send me a new case."
"Girl, he ain't Mr. Stitch-It. He does weapons and mechanics, not crafts," Troy groaned, hitting her in the arm. "I'm surprised he's done this much for you, considerin' what you put his creations through."
"And I'm surprised you're surprised, considering he still thanks me to this day for introducing him to Cee," Ollie returned.
"I ain't believin' he gives you the credit for that. He was my partner."
Ollie closed the box. "'Cause I brought her down here with me." 
"So I'm always reminded." He turned to look at Ellis, who was sitting, shaking his head.
"And yet you keep bringing it up." Ellis downed the rest of his brandy. "We should get going." He stood, his height towering over even Troy. He picked up the rifle and began to break it down.
"So what do you want for dinner this evening?" Troy asked, picking up Ellis's glass.
"Spaghetti," they said in unison. It was his specialty, because it was the only thing he cooked well. So naturally nothing else would do.
He paused, and a blast of laughter came from his gut. "I've missed you two." He walked to the sink and set his glass on the counter. "Homemade, right?"
"You have to ask?" Ollie began to pack her bags. "Troy, can you send the hillbilly twins north for me? This is too much firepower for my current task."
"Yeah." He went to the refrigerator and brought out some tomatoes. His refrigerator didn't have much to offer. He wasn't eating like he needed to. Was he really giving up on life without much of a fight? She looked over at Ellis, who looked at her. It was time for an intervention.
After finding out where her target was shacked up, Ollie got on the phone with O-no, who helped her with the security system. 
Ollie hung up the phone. Sitting in the car, they waited for the system to be disengaged outside the club in downtown Atlanta. She looked over at Ellis, whose head leaned back against the headrest of the driver's seat. He was preparing himself. His apprehensions never stopped her from doing her job. Her twin never said the words, but he had them. He worried entirely too much about her. But it was her fault, and there was no way she could think of to ease him. Not even giving up her job would do that.
"We have five, before the system hiccups. That gives me fifteen to get in and out," she let him know. He nodded.
Candy. She needed something sweet. Reaching into the glove compartment, she pulled out her candy and frowned at the half eaten bag. She was running low. She took out a peppermint stick, unpeeled the wrapper, and stuck it in her mouth. Handing him the bag, she scoped out the front door of the club. 
The club was a seedy-looking one-level building that offered nothing to the already deteriorating community. It was a nasty area, but the freaks had not come out quite yet. The only things that might be a threat were a homeless guy sitting on a trash can and a scantily clad hooker with enough makeup to be a clown, posted at the building next door. Hooser had poor taste when it came to business ventures, and this was his latest in failures. He owed yet another very connected individual. He had been cut off by Daddy More-Bucks and then his sister, and still he refused to learn. 
Boy, would this cost him. She really was tired of looking at the man. It seemed like she was visiting him every year. This time it was twice in one year. He would be dead before he was twenty-five. And she had a feeling that she would be the one putting the bullet in him. His family would be livid, but …
"Go," Ellis said.
His words put action into her body. All her thoughts were of the job. She got out of the car, already strapped, and ran across the street and through the alley to the side door. She slipped in the unsecured door without any problem. Once inside, the smell of stale smoke and something rancid like vomit made her nose wrinkle. There were sounds of men chuckling in a nearby room. Tranqs or bullets? She moved slowly down the hall as she pulled out her tranq gun. The debt was to be expensive, not bloody, so bullets were not in the equation.
If she could only use her powers, she would be in and out in no time. But before she'd left, she had given her word to Geo that she would limit the use of her powers. What in hell did I do that for? Instead, she would only use them if it was totally necessary. Idiot.
The way the men talked seemed to suggest cheap guards, or maybe club help. Then she caught a hint of what sounded like smacking. They were eating. Too easy. She turned into the doorway and shot a tranq into each one. They were sound asleep before they knew what had happened. She looked at the sleeping faces and shook her head. Hooser was on a tighter leash than she thought. They hadn't put up the fight she'd had last time. At least last time, the tranqs had taken longer to work.
Ollie walked down the hall through the main dance room. The room looked like it could use a coat of wax on the hardwood and four coats of paint on the putrid gray or green walls, and a table might help. Forget the table--there wasn't a place to sit in the whole area. And was that a kitchen counter that passed for a bar? I can't believe he had the nerve to put a security system on this joke. The poor fool had hit bottom for sure. She walked around the counter to a door behind the so-called bar. 
She wanted to laugh. He was so busy trying to play gangster. Damn, kid, go home. 
Putting her ear to the door, she picked up breathing sounds. Heavy breathing and moaning. Had to be a prostitute. No self-respecting woman would stoop that low. She turned the knob and let the door swing open slowly. 
"What the hell?" The kid turned his chair around to face his rickety desk and the door. Shock was on his face.
Nope, wrong. Porn. Even prostitutes had standards.
"So sad." Ollie laughed. At least his pants were on, meaning he hadn't gotten into the movie just yet. She didn't need that image in her head for the rest of the day. Yuck. "So is this what you are having for lunch?" 
"If it ain't the devil." He cursed nervously. 
"In the flesh." She leaned into the doorframe, sucking in the sweetness of her peppermint stick. A cool relief amid all his self-corruption.
He ran his hands through his brown hair. His skin was rosy, probably from watching the movie. His green eyes darted past her, looking for his guards. He was too wiry to be boss of anything, but he tried. Trying to be like Daddy. Too bad he hadn't taken notes.
"So …" His hand lowered behind the dilapidated desk.
"Do you owe that many people?" Ollie shook her head. "And if you reach for that gun under your desk, I swear you'll be dickless. Though it ain't doing you much good." Ollie narrowed her eyes as he slowly arose from the desk with his hands in the air. "Now, guess how much I'm getting paid."
"Falco," he groaned, knowing what her prices ran. And the fact that he had to think about it meant he did owe more than one person. Damn, that was it. She wasn't taking any more jobs that had the name Hooser attached to them.
"Five million. Hurry up, so I can leave, because you make me ill."
"Five. I only borrowed--"
"Falco's pretty annoyed with you, so he tacked on interest." Actually, he hadn't set the cost, but by expensive Falco meant tack on a price that the brat would never forget.
"Look around. Does it look like I have that kind of money?" He grew frantic, and his hand went down to the desk.
"Don't get twitchy," Ollie growled. "What's you and your sister's account number?"
"No!" he shouted.
"Then your dad's."
"They'd kill me."
"Really?" Ollie pointed the gun to his head. "You do realize I've been hired to do that very thing if you don't pay." She couldn't help but grin at his foolishness. She took out her cell and began to dial. "My patience with you is almost gone." And so is my fifteen minutes. "In one minute, I will shoot and then call your sister so she can pick up your carcass."
He began rattling off numbers while Ollie held up the phone for O-no to hear. She put her ear to the receiver, waiting for a confirmation, and hung up once she got it. "Enjoy the rest of your day," Ollie pointed the gun at the TV. "Oh, and I hope to never see you again, or I might just kill you." She shot him with the dart gun before leaving. No need for him to try to shoot her in the back. That would really piss her off.
When she got back to the car, Ellis had his head in a book again.
"You took your time." He read to keep from going in there after her. Which was good.
"Sorry, we were just catching up." She bit down on the peppermint that hadn't quite dissolved.
His head turned away from his book, eyes on her, glaring.
"Okay, okay, bad joke." 
Ellis was a worrier, so it was pointless to make light of it. That would just piss him off more. 
He cranked up the car. "Call Geo."


()()()


Once they arrived back at Troy's, dinner was ready, and they sat together and ate. After dinner, Ollie washed dishes while she talked with Troy. Ellis flipped the pages in his book as they talked about Mara. Troy swore he was over her, but his voice had a hint of quiver that Ollie picked right up on. Given a month with his sister, Troy would have forgotten Mara. During dinner, she had made him eat all the food on his plate, like a three-year-old. But he loved every minute of it. Ollie could work Troy, but then again, Troy was a sucker for her. Most of the men in their family were.
Flipping the page, Ellis glanced over the top of his book to see that she was finished and drying off plates as Troy put them away. She would go on to convince him to move on and find someone worthy of his attention. Ellis had a mind to get Bones on the case. The kid could match him good and quick. He'd done a great job with Cee and Wolfe--one of the reasons Cee had wanted to come to Atlanta in the first place. 
"Maybe you just need to get away from here," she said as he flipped to the next page of his book.
"Why? Business is good here." Troy exhaled smoke as he slouched onto the couch next to Ellis. Troy grabbed the book out of Ellis's hand. Ellis refrained from punching a hole in his chest. "You're readin' a book on the Byzantine Empire. What? No werewolves or love reads? No spy novel?"
"He read the fiction one earlier today on the plane," Ollie informed him.
"Dr. Ellington, why not go back to school to teach? Stop wastin' those doctorates runnin' behind your crazy sister." Troy grinned, clearly seeing the annoyance on Ellis's face.
"Why don't you stop avoiding Ollie already? Or she will never get off the subject." Ellis grabbed back the book to finish his chapter on the Battle of Bulgarophygon.
"Damn." Troy shifted his weight. "Why's it so important for me to get away?" he sighed, giving in, sinking into his plush blue couch. 
"You haven't seen Mama in a while, and … I think you need to get away." She sat on the arm of the couch next to him, rubbing her hand over its soft surface.
"She ain't asked to see me."
"Surprise her, like you used to. Or are you worried she will disapprove of the way you are taking care of yourself?" Ollie asked. It wouldn't be long before she reintroduced the proverbial elephant in the room.
"No, I ain't worried, because I know she'll say somethin'. But Ric and Geo are there to keep her company--"
"They aren't Troy," Ollie said in a warm voice.
He got quiet and didn't say anything for a long time. Ellis looked up from his book and could tell Troy's wheels were already turning. The man was smart when he was ready to be. Being House of Stone had two advantages: the first was that they were smart, real smart. However, they could put it in their back pocket if they felt like it. Unlike House of Sun, where it showed no matter how hard they tried to shove it away in the deepest, darkest cave. The other advantage was the technical savvy. Ellis could talk all day about engineering from his books, but Troy could put it in action just by listening. Troy and O-no were the only two Stones in their family.
"Okay, Ollie, I know this ain't all about me," Troy said slowly. "Spill it."
"What do you mean?" Ollie's voice dropped a little. She was contemplating telling him. It would come out sooner or later.
"You got Geo on house arrest and insisted Ric stay with Mama, knowin' he's got a sick wife at home. Now you're badgerin' me to visit. So tell me, what's wrong with Mama?" His gravelly voice grew shaky, as if he expected the worst.
"Mama is over one hundred and fifty years old, Troy. You put the pieces together," Ellis said, taking over for Ollie. He finished the chapter and turned the page.
"Over?" Troy was starting to figure it out.
"More than fifty years over." Ollie said quietly.
Troy cursed under his breath, standing up. He paced the floor. "You and Ellis--?"
"Yeah, we are the only ones who know. And now you."
"How …? How in hell?" he huffed. "What in hell are we goin' to-"
"We are going to keep it quiet." Ellis was not going to let the man freak out, because it would not help. "Chill."
"Right. You're right." Troy sat down, then he popped back up. "You know what this means?"
Ellis began to read again, knowing exactly what it meant. But there was no reason to get upset. What was done was done.
"So are you going to visit or not?" asked Ollie.
"Yeah, I'm on that plane with you tomorrow afternoon." He groaned. "Now it makes sense."
"What?" Ollie asked.
"Arms market's in a buzz. Underground's gettin' more work than normal. You might wanna go see Granger tonight."
"He's in town?" Ollie perked up, to Ellis's discomfort. She still had that stupid fascination with the soul possessor.
"I don't know, but it really can't hurt to find out, now, can it?"
Ellis's grip tightened on his book. One person he didn't really want around his sister was Augustus Granger. He respected the man, but his eyes showed a power that reached deep into a person's soul, and he didn't want them peering into Ollie's.
At Level Four, Augustus Granger was the most powerful individual known besides the Oracle. It was noted that the soul possessor could completely destroy a person's will and chain his or her whole being to his existence. That implied that he could control them like puppets if he wished. He could draw in their energy, powers, minds, emotions … his reach could be almost endless.
A Level Four already was at a point at which the power of an individual evolved into more intense energy. The Level Four not only could command a much larger sum of energy, but that person could sense energy around them. The level of energy allowed them to live ten times longer than any of the lower levels. The energy constantly rejuvenated and restored the individual, which aided phenomenally in healing.
And it was believed that Granger wasn't far from Pillar status. 
The final level, Pillar, was rarer than all the other levels. The whole body was consumed by the seal, releasing enormous amounts of energy. There was no record of what a Pillar's energy could do or become, but Ellis could only guess. It was said that Pillars could live for thousands of years because of the sustaining effects of their energy. Which meant that if Granger became a Pillar soul possessor, he would be virtually …
Ellis got up to leave the room. He couldn't stand to hear them talk about Granger. This would be more nerve-wracking business that he didn't have the stomach for, not tonight. Maybe it was time for him to go back to teaching.

()()()


Kansas City, Missouri

Mary Alexander listened to one of her underlings give a report. Even after all the protection that she had provided Laura, the woman wouldn't wait for the assassin to come for her. She had killed herself that morning, jumping from the tenth story of her high-rise apartment. Now she was not only down a seer but a personal assistant too. What a damn waste.
What had Laura seen that was so scary? Stories floated around about Demon's Wrath, but no one could confirm it. No one except Augustus Granger.
Augustus was not her favorite person to deal with. The thought of Demon's Wrath was scary, but most of it was considered myth. Granger was the real demon. He was a walking, talking business mogul and a soul possessor--the most powerful recorded. Though he rarely used his talents, just the mention of him gained a response, mostly of respect, partly of fear. 
She had just had a meeting with the man about the Oracle situation, and he clearly was not interested. The man was connected to everything, so if he wanted to be Oracle, he could have that too. She was petrified of the man, and the very idea angered her. She was the most powerful Head of the largest House of the whole Structure. She had power over more people than most. She should fear no man. Yet Augustus Granger made her tremble. It was those damn eyes.
There was a glimmer of hope. When she had mentioned Demon's Wrath, she had seen his uneasiness. He had information about the assassin. When she pushed, he cautioned her. If Augustus Granger feared the so-called assassin, then maybe there was truth to the stories. And maybe there was a way to get House of River into the seat of absolute power. It just took finding the assassin. How would she find a no-name that no one knew about? Her only bait had died that morning. And not a shred of evidence was found during their prior investigation with the record keeper. Granger would not give her the answers she sought. Maybe a prophet could help her. Though they could be cryptic, they could lead her down the right path.
So she left the sanctuary of her office, feeling empowered, only to return feeling confused.
Mary had listened to what the prophet had to say. Nothing he'd said made sense. It sounded like he was warning her instead of instructing her. Do not look into the eyes. Look within. Take hold of what is yours before it is taken away. Take it to heart.
Mary wanted to scream after that encounter. Prophets were cryptic, but that had made no since whatsoever. She needed an interpreter, a scholar who could decode messages. She didn't have one, because most of them belonged to House of Sun. But there was rumor of a young child from House Heart that was in the area recently who had a gift of decoding. The child was attending the month long scholastic workshop for Structure geniuses. They would allow Mary a visit, especially since the woman was a good patron. But she would have to hurry, because the program would end any day now. 
A knock at the door brought Mary's gaze up from her desk. "What?" She laid her pen aside and leaned back in her chair.
"Ms. Alexander." A tall older woman walked into the room, sucking out all of the air. She was plain and cut like cardboard, flat and thin. Her gray hair was twirled up in a very precise bun, not a hair out of place. Her thin lips were pinched, and her blue eyes were piercing. Her gray suit was a shade darker than her hair.
She had the look of a very strict teacher from a boarding school. Even Mary found her intimidating.
Marissa Ivanski was the personal assistant to the former House of River Head, Nikolai Muranov. Mary had ordered his death personally when he refused to stop getting in her way. If Mary's information was correct, Marissa was an underground specialist. All of her information came from the underground, and every bit of it was accurate. She didn't have a voice in the underground, but she had ears. 
So why was she here?
"Marissa." Mary sat, waiting.
"Forgive my intrusion. I was sent over when I was told you needed a new assistant."
Mary lifted an eyebrow, intrigued. Nikolai had been a very effective leader, and many reports stated that it was because of Marissa's aid. He had always relied heavily on her, and Mary had always been curious as to why. 
"How would this work? What are you limited to?" Mary wanted to know exactly what kind of help she was getting.
"Ask of me anything you would have asked your other assistant. My abilities match that of your late assistant's."
"Except you can see present images as well, right?"
"Yes."
"You will do." Mary spun in the chair until her legs were out from under her desk. Standing, she gave the woman her tasks. "Call the Collaborative Structure scholastic coordinator, Roger Pinkerton. Schedule a meeting for this evening before the kids leave. I want to see where my money is going," Mary said, and she walked past the woman, heading out the door.

()()()


Atlanta, Georgia

Granger looked at the sea of half-naked bodies gyrating and pumping to the beat of the music. His office was two stories above the dance floor, hidden behind a wall of one-way mirrors. He had to see everything in his club, and his perch allowed just that. Business was as good tonight as every night, so the only thing that bothered him was security. There were a lot of college guys down there, which held possibilities for aggression. Though the bouncers were ready, he just wanted a nice, quiet night. He could sense in the club that only two of the people outside of his staff had seals. All others were normal humans, seal-less. The seal-less were unaware of the world around them, for good reason: the world had enough bigotry and hate. And the Structure had enough problems as it was.
Five hours of travel from airport to airport had drained him. But there was tension in the area, and he needed to put out the fuse before it lit. He wouldn't have complications going down in his operation, no matter what was rustling under the surface. And damn if it wasn't rustling fast.
Sitting back in the chair, he stared up at the motion lighting as it changed colors, illuminating the club. Letting his mind rest for a few moments before he started making phone calls would help him stay sharp. Why had he given Allison the night off? Why was he in that club, knowing good and well that his manager could handle things here? Something had pulled him to the club, and he didn't like it.
A beep from his phone brought him to his feet, and he reached into his back pocket for the cell. He looked down at the bar, where the bartender had a phone in hand.
Flipping it open, he put his ear to the receiver and said, "Yeah."
"Someone is here to see you." The bartender nodded to the other end of the bar, where he saw Troy, drink in hand. Good ol' Troy. But how did the brother know he was here? And why the visit? That wasn't his style. Respect was high on Troy's to-do list, and he had a "call first" mentality. Strictly appointment only. So that meant one of two things: either he was here with someone who wanted Granger's attention, or some clash was going down that needed his immediate attention.
Granger's chest tightened as he scoped out the whole club. His eyes stretched the whole span of the place until he saw it, or rather her. Ollie. Both scenarios were now a possibility.
She was a bad omen. Looking at her wild, curly hair and her big, brown baby-doll eyes, it wasn't obvious, but she was trouble. Trouble he didn't need. Several of the clientele were already eyeing her, scoping her out as she danced. She wasn't dressed for the club scene. But even without the flash, she was still catching eyes. And her height made it more so. Damn it, why was she here?
Leaving his office, he rounded the hallway, still scoping the club. As he slowly descended the stairs, he saw no sign of the twin. Maybe that was why Troy had come, to keep the twin at bay. Ellis was cool, but he didn't like anyone getting close to his sister. Which was fine with Granger, because his sister was hellfire--causing nothing but pain. His best friend could attest to that. Joc had never been the same after they split up. And Granger was in pain from hearing about it constantly. Whoever said time heals all wounds needed to spend a year with Joc.
He came through the mirror door behind the bar. Picking up a cognac flask, he walked over to Troy, who was staring into his glass. Granger topped it off. The guy looked up and nodded.
"Anyone who has to baby-sit deserves it, on the house." The look on Troy's grateful face turned into a knowing smile. Even the family knew she was untamed.
"How ya been?" Troy's rough southern drawl sounded raw, as if he had started early on the stuff.
"Fair. What's up?" He didn't want this to drag on. The quicker they were through, the faster she would be out of his club.
"It's Ollie who wanted to speak with you." Troy turned to the dance floor and waved his arm. 
Granger cursed. He was hoping… 
She rocked to the music as she made her way over to him. Her eyes locked on him. There was that look. The unnerving focus, as if all of her actions, even the crazy ones, were deliberate. 
"Bring her up to my office," Granger told the thirty-year-old, then he turned to leave. Whatever she had to say wasn't for the public. He told the bartender to let them up.
As he made his way up the steps, they weren't far behind him. He stepped just inside the door, allowing them to pass into the office, and Ollie shut the door behind them. He caught a whiff of peppermint. Refreshing and clean. She still smelled of peppermint, a complete contradiction to her menace.
"Good to see you, Granger," she said, out of respect more than anything.
"Too bad I can't say the same." His tone was flat, and she laughed. The laughter of a seductress and a smile of pure sin. Completely menacing.
"Are you still holding resentment toward me?" She remained standing as Troy went to the glass and looked out on the dance floor, removing himself from the conversation.
"You broke my best friend's heart. And I should be happy to see you?"
"You should've warned your boy to stop screwing Tracy, Stacy, and Lacey, and we might still be somewhere." Her voice was warm and weighty. Hypnotic. It was laced with light wisdom and clear knowledge and silk, warming over Granger's skin even though her language seemed to contrast its warmth.
Actually, he had warned Joc. "Her name was Miranda, but I see your point." And she was the only one that had a name. But he was loyal to Joc, and Joc truly loved Ollie, in his own way. Then again, if Ollie had not broken up with him, Joc would be dead, because one of her brothers, if not all, would've killed him. So it was all for the best. "Seat?" He went over to his desk and sat down.


()()()


As Ollie took her seat, she watched the man shift in his chair. Elbows on his desk, he clasped his hands together in front of his face, peering at her with those silver eyes. He dressed like a millionaire in high-end suits with platinum cufflinks, and he did business better than a billionaire. She couldn't help but respect the man. Anyone who knew him respected him. He kept his mouth shut and his operation polished like fine silver. From the outside, he could've been mistaken for a stockbroker or CEO. But the man's reach was far wider than that of a mere businessman. In the Structure, he was a legitimate businessman, but outside he would be a mobster, if they could catch him or even name him. He dealt in what the underground called non-perishables--information, money, jewels, art, weapons, parts, transportation, anything that wasn't plant, animal, human, or chemical. In his own words, perishables were a messy business. The only organic substances he dealt with were food and drinks in his clubs and casinos, and it was all legal.
The man's dealings were tight, and everyone who worked for him was loyal, because if they weren't, Granger had a way of finding out and making them pay dearly. Knowledge was power for him, and he had a load of it: knowledge and power, the very reason she was there.
"I need to know about your political interests."
His eyes didn't move off of her. No sign of questions or answers. He was a handsome man--very attractive, actually. If it weren't for his stony expression, he would be gorgeous. But very mysterious. His skin was brown with a hint of red, his head was shaved, and he had a goatee on his square jaw that connected to his neatly trimmed mustache. It was said that he had played football in his younger days: a running back. But at forty, he was a force of nature in the underground and had power that football never could give him. He was House of Heart, a contender for the Grand House, an inspiration to his House. They loved him. And though he had complete loyalty toward his House, he had no interest in the Grand House. Maybe because he already had influence over those who were interested.
He finally leaned back in his chair and just stared at her, eyes like silver bullets. That was the stare that Ellis couldn't stand--the reason he wouldn't come and the reason Troy wouldn't look in on their meeting. Granger was reading her, stripping her until she was nothing but a naked woman in the chair, or not even that. He could see the deepest, darkest depths of her, but she would endure it until she got what she needed.
"I have none," he finally answered, eyes shifting as they dulled slightly. Those eyes always had mesmerized her. He mesmerized her.
But that was all she needed to know. He was an honest man of few words. What he said was enough for her.
He asked, "Does this have something to do with the arms movement underground?"
"Possibly."
He lifted an eyebrow. "You mean yes." 
"If you already knew the answer, why ask?" She grinned at him, teasing.
His eyes narrowed. "I can tell you this." And that would be all he would tell her, too. "There is a political shift coming. One that could cause some problems for the Structure. What is that shift? I have some ideas. River and Flame are moving more than normal." He looked at her knowingly before he turned to Troy. "If you hear anything …"
"I'll let you know." Troy glanced over at him. They did business on occasion. There was mutual respect. It was understood that they kept each other informed.
"Thank you." Ollie stood to leave. Man, it wouldn't have killed him to smile just once when he saw her.
"I'll tell Joc you're well." He stood, clearly ready for them to leave. Or just her.
"Take care." Ollie nodded, not caring one way or the other if Joc ever heard her name. She wondered why she had chosen Joc in the first place, when Granger would have been the better choice. Granger was all business, and Joc was fun, at first. And Granger never seemed happy to see her. Then again, he probably saw everything about her with those eyes, and as a result, he was forewarned to keep his distance. Who the hell cared? But she did wonder what it was that he saw. He never said, and he never would. That was how he worked, never revealing secrets and never revealing much emotion. All business. He and Geo should have been best friends.

()()()


Rome, Italy

After spending two whole weeks at the House of Sun European headquarters in England, and the past four days in the House of Sun vaults in Africa, Demario Pezzoli, the Sun grand record keeper was finally back home for a few days of shut-eye. With the possibility of the Oracle's descent from the hierarchy, it was becoming a busy time for prophets, seers, historians, and record keepers. Being on call kept him in the airport and away from his normal life.
Though the Structure only consisted of approximately eight million people in a world of about six billion, this situation would affect the world on an epic scale. The Structure, in its superior wisdom and understanding, fueled governments, the military, and economics, among many other areas. With their leader dying, it could throw the unknowing world into an unfathomable chaos. Everyone inside the Structure was on edge and preparing. Even Blade was getting ready to control breaches in their Code of Silence. The same code that had kept them hidden for thousands of years. A code that kept them alive.
Demario rummaged through his laptop bag for his keys as he realized how each day it was getting harder and harder to conceal the Structure. The energy seals visible on the skin could be mistaken for tattoos or weird birthmarks. Yet if more seal-less humans saw how many seals looked alike, they would think they were a cult. However, the seals were easily covered with clothing, since most seals started on the chest area or back. 
And concealing powers was going to be a little more difficult with the information age. While most energy-based powers could not be seen visibly, some were visible. Telekinetics and those who controlled environmental energy stood the biggest risk of exposure. That made House of Stone a liability to the Structure.
He was still amazed that some of the old Structure ruins had not been found out by the seal-less. They stood as magnificent and as durable as they had before Egypt's pyramids were built. He smiled, finding his keys. Were they truly that blind?
He paused, holding his keys. What about what Ameena had told him? His colleague had found some very interesting records about a past Oracle. Dietti, the only Oracle to be assassinated, had recorded some very interesting data. Specializing in seeing the past, the Oracle had seen exactly how the Structure had been destroyed the first time. She had even predicted that it would happen again. If the new information was correct, the current struggle for Oracle was in direct correlation with an even bigger problem. 
Opening the door to his house, he walked into the quaint house of his family's name. Now belonging to him, he barely had time to keep it up, so his cousin did it for him. He flipped on the light switch and he noticed that nothing had changed since the last time he was home. She kept it clean, if nothing else. He walked toward the kitchen and picked up the mail to make sure all of the bills had been paid. Making his way to the office, he set his luggage outside the office door. Standing just inside the office doorway, he clicked on the light switch.
Instead of coming on, all of the lights in the house went out. Standing in total darkness, he sighed. He was too exhausted to consider the irony. Reaching in his pocket for his cell phone, he decided to call his cousin. Since she was just up the road, she could tell him if the power was off up there, making it a regional outage, or if he needed to check the circuit breaker. He hated waking her this early in the morning, but she needed to know he was in town anyway. This would kill two birds with one stone.
Before he began to dial the number, a strange sensation came over him, and his knees began to shake.
"Salve, e benvenuti casa." The voice shot sharp chills through his body, and he dropped to the floor.
His hands shook as he tried to get hold of himself. Fear was a cold rush through his veins, and he began to sweat large beads down his face. Cold sweat.
"You are the grand record keeper of Sun." It was a statement, not a question. The voice was a whisper in his head. Nothing was spoken aloud, and yet the being was in the room… somewhere.
Tremors passed through his body as sweat rolled off his skin, hitting the tiled floor. "Y-y-yes …" He felt the being all around him. Everywhere. The air was thick with its presence. A cold, heartless presence. His legs trembled as he tried to stand to confront whatever was making him fear, but he did not have the courage. Closing his eyes, he dropped his head to the floor, shaking uncontrollably, wishing for it to end. Shivering, he tried to form words. "Wh-what … d-do …"
"You know much. Too much. I need to know what you know. Then I will give you the release you craaaaave." As if he could see the being, it was smiling, laughing. And yet, there was nothing but the thick black chill of night. So cold.

()()()



4



Silver Spring, Maryland

The morning came as the Smoking Shaman watched the sunrise from her bedroom window. She eased out of bed, listening to the men and children hustling in the kitchen. Geo and Ric already seemed to have gained an understanding of the morning ritual, after one day. But then again, it had not changed much since they were children. She slowly made her way to the bathroom and took a long, hot shower to relieve some of the pain in her joints. It was a good thing Ollie didn't complain about the water bill. Such a good child. All of them. Making her way to the closet, she pulled out a plain, rust-red dress. She definitely was going shopping today, and her sons were going to take her. Ollie wouldn't be mad if Geo left to do that.
After dressing, she reached for her wooden cane that Jamali had given her years ago. The one with the carvings of twenty faces, all beautiful and all unique. She smiled down at it, remembering. How she missed him so.
She made her way into the living area, right outside her bedroom. Ollie and Ellis insisted that she stay away from the stairs if possible. And she didn't argue, because she hated the things.
"Mama." O-no came by her and kissed her on the forehead before grabbing his bag and making his way to the front door. The other two boys also came by and kissed her before they left for school.
"They are going to the movies after school," Ric informed her as he played with Scott on the floor.
"Good. Then we must be back by then." She grinned as they both looked at her, perplexed. Then Geo laughed as if he understood. He put a plate of eggs, sausage, and grits on the table for her, and she made her way to it. After sitting down, she looked at all the empty chairs. They were definitely going to need a bigger dining room table. And a bigger dining room.
"Geo, will you call Cee for me and tell her I want to see her?" She picked up her fork and looked down at her plate. "No toast?"
"You sound like Bones." Geo rolled his eyes as he began to clean the kitchen.
Afterward, he came to the table and sat across from her as she ate. He did not say a word, but he looked at her as if he wanted to. She wouldn't encourage it, because she could read what was on his mind. Chewing methodically, she could see the sadness in his eyes. The knowledge had hit him sooner than she'd thought it would. But he always had been a brilliant child. Her firstborn, to usher in the many. What had Jamali said? Oh, yes: He will be their inspiration. And he was. If he only knew.
She placed her hand on his face as she took another bite. She did not need to answer his questions. He already had the answers, whether he liked it or not.
"The plane will be delayed, so Ellis and Ollie will be late." She finished her meal and leaned back in the chair to savor it. He was not as good a cook as Ellis, but he was good enough.
Her heart began to ache as she thought of the twin. But then she smiled, closing her eyes, seeing him in her mind. So much weight he carried. If he only understood that there was no need. Yes, he would learn. He always did.


()()()


She recalled the chat she'd had with him early that morning when he called.
"Ollie told me to call you to let you know the plane leaves at eleven," he said into the phone.
He never let his emotions out like Ollie. He kept them bottled tight. Such a particular young man, beautiful and quiet.
"How are you?" she had asked him.
"Ma'am?" So polite.
"I asked how you were doing, son."
"Fine," he'd lied, knowing she would pick up on it. He never liked anyone to worry about him.
"I dreamed about you." She wasn't going to get him for lying. Because it wouldn't help. He was just not the kind to bear emotions.
"Really?" He didn't want to hear about it. "I'm sure you'll tell me about it when we get back."
"You had stars in your eyes. Sparkling, dazzling, reflecting the brilliance in the world. Your being was glowing and beautiful. More beautiful than you are now."
"That's nice." He really didn't want her to continue. He never felt the things she said, unlike Ollie. He could never see past his sister.
"And I saw a shadow behind you."
"Mama …" His voice was a warning. Too bad.
"Dark, deadly, and looming, ready to devour you. It mocks you, taking your shine and dulling it--"
"Good-bye, Mama." Ellis hated when she spoke like that. He never let her finish and always shut her out. If he only knew.


"Mama, what time do you want to leave?" Geo brought her back into the room.
"Let me get my shoes." She eased to her feet.
"I'll get them. Which ones?" Ric bounced off the floor with Scott in his arms, giggling.
"Something that will match this dress." She smiled, reaching for her grandson.

()()()


Atlanta, Georgia

Ollie was behind the steering wheel, blasting neo-soul on the stereo system. Ellis didn't complain about the music for once, because she'd stuck his ass in the back seat. Troy appreciated good music. There were few who appreciated her tastes in variety. O-no had picked it up like a sponge and taken it to a whole new level. Though Troy was more selective, he was a lot more flexible than her rigid twin.
The thought of her little brother got her worried. O-no was a ball of nerves because Geo was hovering. Which meant big-brother-almighty figured something was up. She sure hoped O-no could keep his yap shut until she got home. Then again, Geo could sense a hair out of place, so it wouldn't take him long to figure out what was going on. Ollie cursed as she floored it.
"Ollie, no matter how early we get there, the plane isn't leaving any earlier," Ellis yelled over the music. Troy put his hand on the volume control, turning it up. She grinned over at Troy. 
As her eyes scanned the rearview mirror, she noticed that the blue sedan behind them had been tailing them for a long while and was now traveling at the obscene speed Ollie was driving. It was very possible that they were going the same place and they were just tailing at that speed because they figured the cops would pull her over first. But it was the sudden sluggish feeling that grabbed her. It came and went, with heavy eyes and the urge to yawn. That wasn't just an ordinary burst of fatigue. Someone was trying to put hooks in her, and that was a no-no. She looked over at Troy, who didn't seem fazed. Then she looked back in the rearview mirror at her twin, who seemed annoyed as he stared out the window. Neither of them was alarmed, which wasn't really a surprise. They didn't share her experiences.
Ollie took the airport exit, pulling into the first gas station that she spotted.
"What …?"
"I need something sweet before we go on the plane, 'cause I paid way too much for candy last time." She parked in a parking spot at the side of the building and looked back at the car that had drawn her suspicion. The blue sedan parked at a gas pump, and one of the men got out to pump gas. Three men remained inside the car, talking casually, from what she could tell. Playing it smooth. Very good.
She went into the convenience store and grabbed some gummy snacks, peppermints, and cinnamon candy. Paying for the candy, she glanced over the cashier's shoulders through the window at the car. As she had thought, they were still there.
Ollie took the change from her purchase and walked out the door, staring at the man pumping gas. He looked dead at her with a knowing look on his face. He knocked on the hood, and the other men in the car turned to face her. Casually she walked over to the men as she prepared to open one of the individually wrapped cinnamon candies. She wanted something spicy.
"Gentlemen, what can I do for you?" She looked at the man pumping gas.
"Our employer would like a word with you," he said, putting the nozzle back in its cradle. 
"And who is your employer?" she asked, feeling the sting of cinnamon on her tongue. Damn, that was good.
"Come with us, and he will introduce himself." That narrowed it down: he was male, and she didn't know him already. And clearly he wasn't well informed, or the nitwit would know that she was no pushover.
"Which one of you tried to put a plant in me? Which one is the tracker?" She stooped down to get a good look into the car. It didn't matter which one, because it was clear that whoever it was had already tracked Ellis and Troy. By doing so, they had learned enough. And enough was too much. Too bad. Waste of life.
"Ollie." Ellis was out of the car, standing, with questions in his eyes.
"One moment." She waved for him to get back into the car. She turned back to the men. "I hope your employer informed you to get your affairs in order before you came on this mission." She looked at the man standing next to her. Her mind found the dark depths of his thoughts. Letting her mind go and her guard slip, she grinned as the man's eyes grew wide. She turned around and left him standing, trembling. Before she got back to the car, shouts rang out from the men inside the car. Then gunshots. No one else in the area noticed or heard a thing, and that was how it would be for the next five minutes.
"Ollie?" Troy looked at her, wondering. "Did you know those men?"
Ollie looked in her rearview mirror to see a car full of dead men and a man splayed out on the concrete in his own blood, gunshot wound to the head.
"Nope." She started the engine and headed to the airport.

()()()


Kansas City, Missouri

Mary was in luck. When she had called the chair of the scholastic program, they were very happy to accommodate her. The program chair welcomed any patron willing to visit.
The next morning, she and Marissa stood outside the building, looking up at the two-story structure. It looked more like an small office complex than a learning institute. Leaving Marissa by the car, she walked to the main entrance, where a man was waiting outside for her to show her around. She would endure the tour to get the information she needed. She already planned how she would approach the situation.
As the tour commenced, the man proceeded to bore her with the details of the program and its success. She humored him with questions and laughter at his asinine jokes. When they reached a room of young children, Mary became alert.
"How old are these kids?" she asked.
"Between six and eight."
"Really?"
"Yes, some of the more gifted in their age range. Some of these children are even more gifted than those in the previous classes you saw earlier."
Mary smiled politely. "Though I believe you, can I test them to see for myself?"
The man glowed. He went into the room and talked to the coordinator of the group. Afterward, he got the group's attention and introduced Mary Alexander as an esteemed member of the board that funded the program and the most influential of the three Heads of River. So nice of him.
Mary stepped into the class and looked at the children's faces. The gifted snots didn't even look excited to see her. They looked the way she felt about the damn tour: Let's get this over with. Fine.
"Hello. I was just admiring your group and wanted to see for myself how smart you all are. So may I offer you a puzzle? A riddle of sorts?"
"Ah, that is Miriam's specialty. Miriam, please stand and see if you can answer Ms. Alexander's question." The coordinator smiled at a little brown girl in the corner of the room on a computer. She stood up, pigtails on both sides of her head. Her eyes were large, round, and brown. When she smiled politely, Mary saw that one of her front teeth was missing. Cute kid.
"Well, okay. Here is the scenario. A man whose son was lost went to a fortune-teller to find out what he should do. Even if only to get a clue. The fortune-teller listened to the man's story and looked to the stars. This is what the fortune-teller told the man: Do not look into the eyes. Look within. Take hold of what is yours before it is taken away. With resolution, take it to heart. After he received the message, he was sent away, and the man continued his journey. The words made no sense to the man. He had no idea how to find his son. So he comes to you for an answer. What do you tell him about what the fortune-teller said?"
The young girl just stood there. She didn't answer for a long time, then she asked, "How long has it been since he has seen his son?" The question threw Mary off.
"Good question. I would say years and years. So long he almost forgot his son's face."
"And why did he lose his son?" The child was starting to get annoying.
"His son went to join a war and never returned," she answered calmly.
"Then the message could mean one of two things. The first one: do not look for the son, because he is dead. Stop looking for something that is lost when he has a life right in front of him that can disappear if he's not careful."
"And the second?"
"He will die looking for his son and instead should save his soul. Enjoy the rights and privileges he has before they are taken away. But he if insists on seeking out his son, he should look toward a central figure, or the heart of the conflict, or House of Heart."
House of Heart. Mary smiled. "The second one is very interesting, but the first one was correct," Mary lied. "They are extremely intelligent indeed," Mary said to the coordinator. Though she had gotten clarity on what the prophet had said, the warning made her realize how dangerous the situation was.
"But next time you pose the question--" The girl's voice turned Mary in her direction. "You might want to state that a prophet said it instead of a fortune-teller. Prophets are far more cryptic, and your question would sound more believable." The girl sat down.
Mary eyed the girl but decided to let it go. Smartass brat. "You may be right."
"No, she is right," a child toward the front of the group commented.
Another kid said, "Prophets have cryptic visions, but fortune-tellers are false, therefore misleading. A fortune-teller would never be as straightforward as a prophet, no matter how hard they are to understand." 
"Yes, clearly that was a prophet," another suggested. 
They were analyzing her? How rude. It was time to go before she got angry.
"Okay, well, it was nice meeting you all." Mary turned to her tour guide, who was red with embarrassment. Mary now saw why she hadn't visited the program before. The kids were amazing. 
Little shits.

()()()


Silver Spring, Maryland

After a delayed flight, Ollie was dying to get some real food. She went into her condo and told Troy to pick a room. She walked to the end of the hall, opened the door, and dropped her bags in her room before clicking on the computer on her desk. The whole building was hers. Of all the eight floors, only four of them were apartments. The top four floors were wired with security to protect her family. The fifth and sixth level belonged to any of the family that needed a place to live; right now, two of those condos belonged to Sunny and Bones's mothers, who had come to live with them. The seventh floor belonged to Mama. And the boys stayed with her to keep her company. Ollie and Ellis lived on the top floor in separate condos. Ellis's condo was filled with nothing but boring books. It looked like a damn library. Ollie's condo was wired with a sound system, wall-to-wall music, a large kitchen, several guest rooms, her bedroom, and a training room at the end of the hallway. 
Troy stuck his head in her room. "I'm goin' downstairs to see if they have any food. Comin'?"
"Hell, yeah," Food was the best idea right now. As they passed by her kitchen, she yelled at the cracked door on the other side, where her condo connected to Ellis's. "Ellis, we're going downstairs." 
"Be right there," he yelled back, probably taking inventory of his books to make sure Sunny and Bones had put back anything they'd borrowed. How he could tell anything was missing was beyond her.
Down in Mama's condo, the whole place was lit up. Ric was talking to Mama in the living room. The noise coming from upstairs confirmed that someone was playing video games.
"Mama," Troy called to her.
The woman spun her head around in excitement. She held out her arms, inviting Troy for a hug.
"You look horrible, but I'm so glad to see you." She said then laughed with joy, embracing him. "We are going to feed you while you are here." And she wouldn't let go.
"Well, now that we're clear on how I am, how're you?" he said, head on her shoulder, getting comfortable, since there seemed to be no end to the hug.
"Wonderful, and even better since I get to see you." She was glowing. Mama would enjoy his visit. 
Ollie zeroed in on the kitchen. Pizza boxes. It would have to do.
She went in to take an inventory of what was left. She put it all on a pan and placed it in the oven. Food, glorious food. If she liked microwaved pizza, she would have nuked it, especially since her stomach was begging for her attention. "Ric, can you watch this while I tell the guys Troy is here?" she asked him before walking past the foyer, just as Ellis walked in. 
She walked up the steps to O-no's room and looked in. O-no was at his computer, working on who knew what. Bones was reading on the couch as Sunny played video games.
"Hey." O-no looked up at her, smiling.
Everyone turned to see her. "Don't you all look cozy?" She waved at Bones, who grinned. The tingle on the back of her neck let her know someone was coming up beside her and by the approach …Geo. 
Before she faced him, his hand landed on her arm, and he was pulling her across the hall to Bones's room.
"What the …?" She couldn't even finish speaking. The door slammed shut. His hand came at her throat with such force that she was pummeled into the door, jamming it closed as the protests of her younger brothers resounded outside. The back of Ollie's head tinged with pain, and her throat wheezed for air.
"And ya wonda why I'm brain-damaged." Her words were strangled as she tried to focus on him.
"Do you think this is a game?" His words thundered in her ears.
"Wha--?" 
Before getting out the words, he pulled her back from the door and slammed her again. 
"Damn," she shouted as her head began to ring. Her eyes watered. She tried to clear herself enough to fight back.
The protests turned into knocking and yelling on the other side of the door.
"You told me we weren't playing games." His words spat on her.
"Yeah." Ollie reached for his hand around her throat. But he slammed her again, and she lost what little focus she had gained. Her head throbbed, and her throat cried for relief. Oxygen was barely getting to her brain, and she began to see spots. She had to do something, because she couldn't let his ass win.
"Why didn't you tell me?" He growled.
"Huh?" Her mind was too occupied with surviving to focus on what he was saying. He wouldn't kill her, but his tirade sure hurt like hell. 
"Mama." 
She rolled her eyes around, regaining her focus. "Oh, that." Okay, it was time to nail his ass.
He pulled her back again. She shifted herself, driving her already aching head into his. The force knocked them both back. Bad idea. Her head was about split open as she fell on the floor. She tried to open her eyes, but tears came, impairing her vision. His slight groan touched her ears, as he struggled as well, trying to shake it off. She wiped her eyes to see him double over in pain, holding his head, while stumbling and trying not to fall over Bones's obstacle course of books. 
The doorknob jiggled. She slid back and pressed her weight against the door to keep it closed. No need to get the whole neighborhood involved. She closed her eyes, waiting for the pain to stop swirling.
"You got it out yet, or you want to go some more?" She opened one eye to look up at him.
He crashed in the chair behind him, holding his head. "Why didn't you tell me?"
"If you were here more, I wouldn't need to tell you. That is the reason I made you stay, so you could see for yourself. See everything you've been missing."
"Damn, I need an aspirin," he chuckled.
"That ain't all, but it's a start." 
With Geo, physical action was his way of arguing, and no one liked arguing with him. He was a brute, but an effective brute.
"I called Cee. They will be here tomorrow."
"You know this is the least of our problems?" She closed her eyes, leaning back her head against the pounding door. An aspirin chased with some morphine would be a very good idea right now.
"You got a plan?"
"Tote around my shotgun for the next couple of months."
"Get serious."
She was serious. "We haven't been compromised here. But maybe get the kids out of here."
"No, they are safest here. And it is best not to draw attention to them. Plus, you have the security perfect. So this is fine for now."
"They are looking for me," she informed him.
"I figured they would. But once they realize they can't have you, they will find someone else."
"They have some pretty handy trackers out. I don't think they're going anywhere without a fight." She didn't want to mention her encounter at the gas station. He'd pitch a tantrum.
He looked at her. "Damn. They have already contacted you." He shook his head in disapproval.
"And what about Mama?" Change of subject was good.
"I've got my eyes and ears open and ready." He exhaled a long, tired breath. This could only mean that Geo's army of spies was out and on the alert for any information.
"Just so you know, we visited Granger, and he is no threat."
"Yeah, I know," he said. Ollie had forgotten that he and Granger did business on occasion. "Joc may be able to help. I suggest calling him."
"Oh, no!" she shouted.
"Then I'll call him. He owes you one." 
He owed her more than one, that two-time loser.
"What about Flame?" She had to get off the subject of Joc. Plus Flame wasn't going to sit back and just watch. They had been busy over the last couple of years, watching and waiting.
"They will be a problem, and their allies. I'll call Caitlyn. But those scrambling for her position and trying to take her down will see this as an opportunity."
"And Angel?" Angel was their sister and a real potential target for those who wanted power, because of her high level and status in Sun.
"She can't be touched. I made sure of that." 
Good.
Ollie stood slowly and opened the door. Ric, Ellis, and Troy poured into the room, looking frantic. The younger boys stood outside, petrified.
"We were just talking," she informed them before pushing past them.
"Where's the aspirin?" Geo called after her.
"The same direction I'm headed," she yelled back.
After her pizza and her aspirin, Ollie turned in early for bed. She shouldn't have used her powers, and now she was exhausted. She felt the drain to her toes as she collapsed on the bed. Troy was already asleep, so he hadn't had time to tell Geo about the incident in Atlanta. And Ellis wouldn't tell; her brother knew more of her secrets than anyone, and he was as good as she was at keeping them. She could feel her headache worsening if Geo found out. She groaned, knowing he'd find out eventually, and then she'd have to hear his ass go on and on. 

()()()



5



Atlanta, Georgia

Arthur arose from a deep slumber as the phones in his house alarmed. Even his cell phone for his emergency line was lit up like downtown Atlanta. Two in the morning. It had to be good for this kind of interruption. His wife stirred.
"Arthur?" she groaned.
"Sorry." He answered the phone. "Yes?" He slipped out of bed and headed for the door.
"Arthur, we found them. Turn on the TV." Elliot's voice came in loud and clear.
"What channel?" Arthur said, trying to shake off the sleep.
"It doesn't matter." Elliot sounded grim.
Leaving the bedroom, Arthur went down the hallway to his sitting room. He turned on the big-screen TV, and the first thing he saw was an aerial view of a gas station.
"What's this?" he asked, rubbing his eyes.
"Keep watching."
Arthur recognized the men on the television as his agents assigned under Elliot. Their task was to find out some information on Fire Eye. Once they found her, they were to make contact and have her brought in. But it seemed they found trouble along the way. If he had known it was this deadly trying to contact her, he would have sent better agents.
The news release stated that the four men had been found dead at a gas station near an airport. It seemed one of the men had turned on the other three, but no one had heard or seen anything. Even video footage from inside the gas station showed nothing. One moment they were pumping gas, and the next they were all dead. No witnesses. No sound of gunfire. Near one of the busiest intersections in Atlanta. 
"No way!" Arthur yelled, before covering his mouth, realizing how loud he was.
"We lost contact with them after they said they found a lead and were following up on it."
"So you have no idea how far they got." Arthur collapsed in his chair, running his hands though his hair. How could this happen?
"I can tell you this," Elliot said. "The only name I received is Greg Hooser."
"Isn't that …"
"Yeah, Hooser's boy."
Hooser was no lightweight; he dealt with people on a day-to-day basis with his international export and import business. Arthur had to tread lightly with such information. Gregory Hooser was a world-class screw-up, but his father would kill for him. And although Arthur could handle his own, he had to keep his eyes on all House movement.
"Elliot, find out what you can. But don't scare the boy. Find another way …"
"I hear he responds well to money," Elliot suggested.
"Use it."

()()()


Silver Spring, Maryland

Ollie jerked awake, breathing heavily, fighting back the stink of her nightmares. Awake, she had no problem with her memories. But in her sleep, those memories tried to control her and break her. That would never happen, but it never stopped those pests from disrupting her sleep. 
Clearing her head, Ollie perked up to the smell of bacon, eggs, grits, toast, and … Ellis was awake. She popped upright. How the hell had he awakened before her? She looked over at the clock. Eleven in the morning. Ollie was the morning bird, and Ellis was the late riser, and here she was waking up close to lunchtime. Scooting out of bed, rubbing her eyes, she looked around the room, trying to figure out why she had overslept. And yesterday she had been overly exhausted. This couldn't still be tied to her powers. She pulled on some socks to cover her feet and the dark tattoo-like markings of the seal. She waltzed into the kitchen to see everyone minus Mama already up and talking. Uh-oh. And Geo was looking dead at her, suspiciously. He, Ric, and Troy were in Ollie's living room, watching ESPN. Bones was on the floor with Scott. Sunny and O-no were sitting on barstools at the counter, looking into the kitchen as Ellis cooked one of his masterpieces. Actually, everything the man cooked was a masterpiece. She cringed at the thought, knowing why.
"Ollie, what did you do last night that has you waking up so late?" O-no asked, grinning.
Without answering, she rubbed her hand over his curly hair before going into the kitchen, where Ellis looked at her, puzzled.
"Come on, you had some hot date, didn't you?" O-no teased.
"She's tired because she used a lot of her power," Bones said without thinking. Ollie stopped cold. Her little brother's power could pick up almost everything. That meant his mind could pick up things few people knew and few people wanted him to know.
"I knew it." Ellis dropped his hands to his side, as he squeezed his eyes shut.
Geo got up from the couch and crossed into the kitchen to confront her. The Grand Exalted One was going to grind her ass into fine powder.
Bones's head popped up and his eyes widened. He looked at her apologetically.
"That's okay, Bones. They'd have figured it out eventually."
O-no looked at Ollie, shocked. "Why'd you do that?" O-no feared for her and there wasn't a damn thing he could do about it. He wasn't strong enough to get between her and Geo, but she could tell he wanted to. O-no was her charge; she had raised him, because his crack-head mother wasn't fit. So he had a bond with Ollie that was deeper than her connection to most of her brothers and sisters. Ellis was the only one with whom she shared a deeper bond. She guessed being twins did that.
Ollie stood her ground, leaning against the counter nonchalantly, preparing for anything. Troy and Ric stood up, following Geo. They were going to make sure Geo didn't get too rough. Bless their hearts, because she'd antagonize the eldest. It was her specialty.
"Ollie?" Sunny and O-no both sounded worried as Geo approached. This might hurt, but it didn't matter; the deed was done, and her family was safe. As far as the consequences, she was more than willing to accept her punishment.
Ellis stepped up beside her, preparing to fight alongside her. She proceeded to push him back.
"Breakfast smells delicious." Everyone turned to the hallway to see Mama shuffling in with her sunflower housedress and pink fuzzy slippers on. Her long silver hair was hanging in two braids as she smiled at Ollie with a twinkle in her eye.
She brushed past her overbearing brothers to help her mother. "I thought I bought you some yellow slippers to go with that dress," Ollie told the old woman as she took her arm.
"You did," she said. "But you know, I think I prefer these." She laughed.
"Well, you look ridiculous," Ric chuckled, pulling out a chair for her.
She smiled up at him. "It's all a matter of outlook," she said as Ollie helped her into the chair. "Now, where is my plate?"
Ollie was glad about one thing: Mama could settle a room. Now that the inquisition was over, she could fade into the background.
She dodged Geo and Ellis for most of the day as she stayed close to Mama, hoping they would lay off her. Of course, Mama knew they were poised, ready to dig into her, but she wasn't going to intervene directly.
O-no pulled Ollie into his room later that afternoon. He looked frantic.
"Ollie, I got a lot of e-mail about requests for jobs. I mean a crapload." He showed her the computer screen of his high-tech setup. The screen showed over two hundred messages.
It wouldn't be long, but it was coming. Smiling at her brother, she wrapped her arm around his shoulder to comfort him.
Bones came in, looking at her wide-eyed. "What's going on, Ollie?" Bones said, scared.
"Nothing you two need to worry about. But I'd like it if you wouldn't worry anyone with this information. I don't want problems, okay?" She bent over and wrapped her arms around Bones. "As long as you're fine, I'm fine."
O-no looked frazzled. "And no matter what, you belong to us."
He feared. 
He wondered what would happen to him if something happened to her. He was eighteen and fully capable of taking care of himself. He already made more money than most people by working odd computer-related jobs here and there, so money wouldn't be an issue. And if something did happen to Ollie, it didn't mean that the others would forget about him. He had been with them for ten years. He was a permanent fixture in their dysfunctional family. 
He had been the first one of two she ever helped bring into the family by herself. No aid from Geo, Ric, or Mama. She did it all on her own. She was eighteen at the time and he was eight, but with the mother's signature, it was all legal. Though the situation wasn't the happiest, Ollie did her best to make the kid feel at home. And since she had been an influence in his life, albeit a bad influence, neither she nor the rest of the family would trade the kid for anything in the world. She left them and walked back to the living room, clearing her head. It was time to make a move.
Ollie noticed that the front door was opening. A seven-year-old girl with a missing tooth and pigtails walked through it. She had large eyes and a grin that mirrored Bones's. If the two hadn't been born of two different women, and Bones hadn't been a year older, Ollie would have sworn they were twins. This was the second one Ollie legally guarded, the other to receive her bad influence: Miko.
"Marco!" Ollie cried.
"Polo!" the girl replied before she ran over to Ollie and hugged her so hard that Ollie fell back. As always, it was a bear hug. 
Miko was five when Ollie had found her in a Brazilian orphanage. According to the locals, Miko's mother was seeing a man who had ties to drugs. It was never confirmed. The four-year-old had walked in on the slaying of her mother and the boyfriend. Luckily, the child was spared. She spent a year in the orphanage before Ollie had found her. By looking at the girl now, no one would ever be able to tell that the girl had been through hell. Mama said it was because Ollie worked so hard to help her through it. Ollie didn't think so. The kid was just tough.
"Troy!" She jumped off of Ollie and ran for Troy.
"Hey, Miko … Whoa," the man said as he hugged her. "Girl, you just don't ease up." He laughed. "How are you, Miko?"
"Great!" She ran to the back to greet the others.
Ollie grinned. If Miko was home, then Cee and Wolfe weren't too far behind. Ollie looked down at Troy.
"What's goin' on, Ollie?" Troy frowned.
Ollie tried to hold her excitement.
"Why're you--?"
"Hey, Miko!" The loud male voice with a thick southern backcountry accent carried through the building. "Come git yer bags. That damn girl."
Troy let out a heartwarming laugh.
In the doorway, a big-boned, fair-skinned man stood, carrying a load of luggage. He had short, brown hair covered with a red baseball cap. His pudgy nose and lazy brown eyes barely showed because the bill of the cap was so low. He had freckles all over his skin, and they seemed to darken whenever he got red with frustration. "Miko!" he yelled, like he was on a farm. Jonathan Wolfe--or Wolfe, as he called himself--was the reddest redneck son of a bitch you'd ever find, in his own words. Though the son of a bitch was the most cursing, contradicting man Ollie had ever met, he was also the most lovable. That was why Troy embraced him so readily as a business partner and best friend. And why their sister Cee had fallen so hard in love with him and he with her.
"Ollie," he huffed, dropping the bags. "Yer sister's the most--awww hell!" he shouted with a big grin, after spotting Troy. "Why in hell didn't you lousy heifers warn me that smoke-fer-brains was sniffin' 'round?" He laughed, walking over to Troy.
"Who you talkin' to?" Troy immediately stood from the table. They shook hands before embracing, patting each other on the back in a manly hug.
"If ya had the damn sense that God gave a moose, you'da realized I ain't talkin' to ya, but 'bout ya. Like I said. Smoke. Fer. Brains." The two had such a unique relationship. 
Troy laughed as the two went to the bar to clean the rest of the alcohol out of the building. Ollie stepped in front of Wolfe, stopping him.
"Naw … what? What's that look?" He cocked his head to the side, trying to figure her out.
Ollie just grinned.
"Damn it all, fine." Wolfe opened his arms, and Ollie went in for a hug.
"I don't see why you insist on pettin' the rattler." Troy smirked.
"You just jealous 'cause I likes her better'n you," Wolfe chuckled. 
"Here we go again," Troy said, pouring them both drinks.
"Look at 'im. That ho done made the poor bastard look like hell," Wolfe said of Troy's ex. Troy gave Wolfe a nasty look. That was one subject Ollie didn't want to hear.
"Wolfe." Cee's gentle voice came through the door. Cee walked in, a thin woman with gentle brown eyes and dark-brown, curly hair that came to her shoulders. She had simple beauty. Nothing over the top. And her voice was always calm and lilting. She was the force that kept Wolfe's mouth closed … most of the time.
Troy handed Wolfe a glass of scotch.
"Troy, how are you?" Cee asked, coming over to hug him.
"To hear them two tell it, I look like crap. How're you, Cee?" Troy downed the scotch, arm draped around Cee's shoulders.
"I'm good. I apologize for his behavior."
"Don't apologize," Wolfe whined.
"Sweetie." Cee touched his arm and he melted. Cee was the calming force behind Wolfe. He was a kind man on the inside, but on the outside, he was rough and raw. Three years after first meeting the family, Wolfe and Troy became best friends and business partners. Once Troy moved to Atlanta with Wolfe to grow their business, Ollie visited the pair off and on in order to check on her brother as well as to do some business with them. Years later, Ollie decided to visit the pair, taking Cee with her. Mostly because that nervous Nelly of a brother Ellis insisted that she take someone with her, since he was in college and couldn't go with her; he wanted her to have company. The chemistry between Cee and Wolfe was instant. Though it was three years before they got married, it seemed like they had been together forever. 
Ollie approached her sister. Cee hugged her. "So, where is everyone?" she asked. Ollie began to tell her. 
With the arrival of Cee and Wolfe, it was time. Ollie held in her concerns, knowing that she didn't have time to second-guess anything. Life was about to change for all of them.

()()()


Atlanta, Georgia

Granger had just got off the phone when it rang again. This was getting real old, fast.
"Granger," he said, flipping open his phone.
"Yo, G, you got any news for me?" 
"No, Joc. Let me call you back,"
"Uh-oh. Yeah, you do that." Joc hung up, clearly understanding his frame of mind.
Granger was tired. All day he had been getting calls from people, mostly associates, reporting on activity. Low-level trackers, seekers, seers, and prophets, all requesting information about Ollie. Her presence was going to be trouble; he just had no idea how much. When he talked to Geo, he was clear on how bad it could get. And now this. 
Damn phone.
He answered its irritating ring. "Granger." 
"Boss, we got some company. Trackers looking around." Granger closed his cell, shot up from his chair, and looked out onto the dance floor. Trackers meant trouble if it got back to anyone that they came to him. Even if they didn't say his name, Granger didn't like being the reason anyone was found unless he was doing the finding. He scanned the crowd. Whoever they were, they hid well. Granger's mind shifted, and his eyes reached below the surface, chipping away at each and every individual in the club that was not staff. Sliding from consciousness to emotions to energy signatures, he found the two trackers, both female and both decked out in their club finest. Being from Flame, they were trackers of emotion, using emotional traces unique to each individual to track their prey. 
And they knew that if he found out, they would be in trouble. They were right. Who did they work for? He dug deeper. House of Flame, Urn faction. The most powerful faction in Flame. Time to call Arthur.
Granger took in every ounce of information that both trackers possessed, absorbing it like a sponge until the only thing left was to claim them. Slowly eating away at their resolve, he could tell they were fighting it. But it was useless. That luminescent uniqueness that they valued so much was his. Though he hated taking claim of a person's individuality, it was the one safeguard he could count on. Now that he completely had them, all of their information was his. And they were looking for Ollie. 
The woman had made herself one of the most valuable tools to the Structure, an agent that could find anything. And when the whole Structure decides they want her, she's nowhere to be found. The prices they were willing to pay … damn, she must be good. Though Granger had no use for her, he could see her potential from the moment they first met.
It was that focus. Such a threat.
Granger opened his phone and began to dial.
"Hello, this is Arthur."
"Arthur. Granger. You've got some serious explaining to do." There was a long pause. "Don't make me come visit you, Arthur."
"Granger, I'm not sure what I did to earn this call, but I assure you that I would not do anything to encourage a visit." Panic pitched his voice.
"Two of your trackers came to my club, on business." The curse came through so clearly that he smiled. Arthur had no idea that their path had led straight to the man's doorstep. Granger just needed confirmation.
"Granger, you have my most sincere apology. As you probably already know, I'm looking for a certain free agent that I believe can help me with a situation."
"Does this have anything to do with the Oracle situation?" The silence answered his question. "I'm not interested in that mess. But listen carefully and spread it--if anyone crosses my path for information without coming to me directly, I will retaliate." Granger could almost feel the shaking coming from the other end of the phone. Annoyed by the man's fear, Granger hung up. 
Arthur was a smart man, but slippery, and he would try again. So it was best to keep track of the House by using their own. Granger sent a message to his new recruits to follow Flame's activity. From now on, any information they gained would come to him, when and if he needed it. He tugged at their souls to let them know their choices were limited. They were clearly annoyed but there was no escape. Every move they made, every breath, every thought now belonged to him. Fear would keep them in check, and when that subsided, the only thing left would be absolute obedience. 
His skin began to crawl as they left. He really needed a warning sign outside his organization, saying Unwanted Individuals Will Be Possessed. Maybe stuff like this wouldn't happen. And it was her fault.
Ollie was a problem. 
He understood her position in regards to the Oracle situation. If she took one assignment over another, she could be a target. If she played into any political power struggle of any magnitude, she could ruin her reputation. However, from what he saw in her, she wasn't a hider. She preferred to fight fire with everything she had. So why was she hiding now, especially when there was plenty of action to satisfy her hunger?
He sat down, considering what he knew, and the answer hit him. Because of her family.

()()()


Silver Spring, Maryland

Though Ollie couldn't sleep most of the night, she lay in bed, flopping around like a fish out of water. This was the last day she wanted to experience, and as the sun came up, she tried not to think about what was coming. Voices came from the hallway. Her brothers were already up. And someone would be coming in soon to wake her, thinking she was still asleep.
Ollie rolled over and looked at the light coming through the window. Feeling a pain in her side, she cursed. She slowly rolled to her other side. Putting her hand under her shirt, she touched the skin on the right side of her stomach. The slightest touch stung it. She was bruising again. Sitting up, she made her way to her bathroom. A quick shower and a rub of analgesic cream should ease the pain. She stood in front of the mirror, trying to think of what she had done to earn this bruise. But her mind wouldn't give her any answers. Never did.
Come on, girl. They'll be coming to bug you soon. She jumped into the shower. Once washed and dressed, she made her way down the hall. She looked into the kitchen, where she saw Ellis and Troy talking, waiting for her. When Ellis spotted her, they got up and followed her downstairs.
Walking into Mama's condo, Ollie noticed that everyone was gathered there. Though the kids looked barely awake, the adults were alert. Geo had the phone system set up in the living room for a conference call. O-no was already connecting all of the family members. Even Wolfe was there. Good. She took a seat between Troy and Ellis at the dining room table before taking a deep breath. Yeah, this wasn't going to be easy. Not for any of them. But it had to be done.
O-no gave Geo the go-ahead to proceed.
"I think this is everyone except JC," the eldest said.
"Should have known that snot JC wouldn't show." Ollie frowned. She was going to end up paying that punk brother a visit.
"It's not what you think, Ollie. House of Flame has an eye on him." The voice carried through the speaker of the phone system. The angelic one.
"Thanks, Angel. You just saved his ass."
"I know. Continue, Geo," their sister said.
"As you know, we rarely have a meeting like this--"
"Try never," a male voice said through the system, interrupting Geo. Bold move, Wildcard.
"I suggest you let me finish." Geo's tone gained absolute silence.
Ollie couldn't help but snicker.
"I know that's you, Ollie." The voice came again this time, sounding grim.
"Sorry, Wildcard, but you are so getting a visit. I feel for you, my brutha." She tried to stifle it as Geo narrowed his eye.
"Well, being you right now doesn't sound like a good deal either, being in the same room and all," he reminded her.
"Wildcard. Ollie." Geo growled.
"Okay," they said in unison. Ollie held up her hands in surrender before Geo ripped into her. 
With a tightened jaw, he continued. "Some of you may have noticed an increase in recent activity in the Structure. There is going to be a shift in power, and it could get ugly. Houses are preparing for war. Our position is to keep our mouths shut and to stay as far from the heat as possible for however long we can." Geo paused, looking directly at Mama. Grief was hitting him and he needed a moment to gather himself.
"What Geo means," Ollie said, "is that our tangle in the web is inevitable. We are right smack dab in the middle of it. For those of you who don't know it, which is most of you, it's time for the choosing process." Cursing came from all around.
"Wait! It hasn't been two hundred years yet." Ric frowned.
"Actually, it has been. We only have a few more months, but the Structure knows that the Oracle's lifespan is near its end." Geo stood tall.
"Mama?" Ric turned to the old woman, who was rocking in her chair, smiling.
"I don't understand." O-no frowned. "Mama is only--"
"Approximately two hundred and fifty years old, give or take a couple of years," Ellis told him. "She conceals it well."
"Wait--Mama is the Oracle?" Bones and Miko looked at each other in shock.
"Yes." Ellis cleared his throat before explaining, "When the last selection process occurred, there was a great war among the Houses, wiping out all high-level contenders. Mama and our father were the only high-levels left. Father declined it, so Mama took the position to stop the fighting. Mama was a Level Two at the time, and as you know, second levels are guaranteed about two hundred years of extra life, if health allows. Therefore, because Mama has not advanced, her time grows short, as does her role as Oracle. And Oracles serve until death."
"And now is the time for the selection process to begin again." Geo stood like a commanding officer. "That means you all will need to be alert. People will be looking for her and for Angel. I think most of you will be safe if you lay low. Ollie is planning on moving out to keep the attention away from everyone. However, I need everyone to remember the emergency contacts and escape procedures."
There was a long silence as O-no looked at Ollie in confusion. He wanted to go with her; it was there in his eyes.
"Why is there going to be a war?" little Miko asked.
"Ellis." Geo gave the twin the floor.
"The Oracle is officially the head of the Structure. All decisions that influence the Structure as a whole go through the Oracle. When an Oracle is selected from a certain House, that House automatically has a considerable amount of control over the entire Structure. Most decisions will be swayed toward a certain House. Now that a new Oracle is required, all Houses and factions within the Houses will have candidates vying for the Oracle position. The strongest in their Houses will proceed to challenge for the position. The more candidates, the longer the process. So some of the Houses will do what they can to eliminate the competition. The procedure includes a series of ancient tests and examinations, and none of them are straightforward. The one who passes the tests, or who is the last one left after several eliminations, becomes the Oracle. Nevertheless, the Houses will all be trying sabotage and swaying results in their favor. It is a repulsive time for the Structure. Just imagine if you will, being sovereign over a people who not only control commerce and trade, but world governments and their militaries." Their eyes widened in realization. "Assassins and trackers have already been deployed," Ellis finished.
A female voice came over the phone system. "Hey, did you all hear about those trackers that were found dead at a gas station in Atlanta?" 
Ellis, Troy, and Geo all looked at Ollie. She rolled her eyes. Man, she wished she could go through the phone system and kick Flirt's ass.
"It's best you not go home for awhile, Troy," Geo said, and Troy nodded. "Ric, I will make sure you and your family get adequate protection. We want to keep Jen as comfortable in her healing as possible. Star said she will stay as long as you need her,"
"Thank you, Star," Ric said into the phone system.
"Anything for you," she responded.
"So go ahead and get packed," Geo told him. "Angel is tucked safely away, so you don't need to worry about her safety."
"Is she going to try for the position of Oracle?" O-no asked.
"Yes, when the proceedings begin. I already have several guards assigned to her safety when she goes."
 Too bad they didn't know what she knew. Ollie suggested, "If you need any extra--" 
"I know, Ollie." Geo nodded. "But you have your own problems." He looked at her, worried. "There's one thing we don't need to worry about. Granger has no interest in the position, and House of Heart will not be vying for the position. House of Blade only has one candidate, whom we will not hear about until the process begins, and anyone stupid enough to go after the candidate deserves the hell they put themselves in. It was mentioned that most of House Blade is preparing to run interference between Houses, so they have no interest in participating in the hostilities other than to control damages."
"I heard a rumor that Demon's Wrath is on the prowl," a female voice said over the phone system. Flirt again.
Geo didn't respond. He looked around the room. He liked ignoring her.
Ollie just laughed. 
"Who is Demon's Wrath?" Miko asked.
"The boogeyman in House lore," O-no answered.
"I think that is everything," Geo said dismissively. "Any questions?"
"Don't doubt me," Flirt said. "I'm dead serious about Demon's Wrath, you guys. They found Demario Pezzoli--you know, that House of Sun grand historian. Anyway, they found him dead in his home yesterday, frozen to death from the inside out." 
"Geez, Flirt, there are kids in the room," Cee spoke up.
"So sorry. Anyway, seers say it was Demon's Wrath."
"Wait, yesterday … his home is in Italy? And you already found this out?" Geo frowned. He usually was the first to get inside info about House Sun.
"I … um …"
"Somebody's been to Italy recently?" Troy chuckled.
"And the Idiot of the Day award goes to … drum roll, please." Ollie grinned as Troy and Ellis began beating on the table. "The fastest ass in the Western and now Eastern hemisphere … Stephanie 'Flirt' Jackson!"
"Thank you, thank you." Her sister accepted the award with dignity. That was Flirt. Got to love her.
"Meeting adjourned," Geo groaned, massaging the sides of his head with the tips of his fingers. Even Geo couldn't handle all nineteen of them at once. 
Ollie got up to leave when she began to feel her side stinging. Walking to the door, she decided today was a good day to lock herself in. She wasn't in any mood to face anything.
"Ollie?" Ellis came up behind her.
"I'm going to take a nap," she said without turning to face him.
"You just woke up," He said, but she needed some time to herself. Everything was too real right now, and she just needed … time.
Once in her own space, she walked through the kitchen to the door that connected her condo and Ellis's and closed it. She went over to her stereo system and put on some jazz, which played throughout her condo. Ollie went into her room and collapsed onto her bed, listening to the music as it stroked her nerves and her mind.
Mama was slowly fading. Her strength was waning, even though her mind was as sharp as ever. It wasn't fair. She should have more time. More time with her family and more time to teach them. It was going to be so hard without her. Damn, her side hurt.
Ollie wiped the tears from her eyes. The only mother who truly loved her was going farther than Ollie was able to go with her. It would be so hard. Ollie had known for a long time now that it was coming. She had seen it before everyone, and when she had spoken to the shaman, all the woman did was smile. Death is natural. You above all else should know that. That was the only answer she got, hours after she questioned her mother.
Yeah, death was natural. And it was the only sure thing. But that didn't make it hurt less when it hit. Ollie didn't wipe the tears away this time. She just let them flow and mingle with the pain in her side. She wasn't the only one who was suffering, and she wasn't the only one who was going to have to deal with this. So she needed to pull herself together and be prepared. Even though he didn't show it, Geo would be the one who suffered the most.
Relaxing her mind, she let her powers ease off and rest. As the tears continued, she closed her eyes. A couple of hours, all she needed was a couple of hours.

()()()



6



The Oracle sat in the living room, breathing in the smell of tobacco as her children all talked and looked at her with worry. Pain was stronger in the air than the burning leaf. They wanted her to stay. But there was no wishing away the inevitable.
Death was the inevitable. She smiled to herself. Death was as certain as the daughter sleeping one floor above her. Even the most powerful of beings could not control it. Not like they wanted.
She thought of her family, the Structure. They knew no fear, because fear had yet to raise its head. Seeing it coming over the horizon, her toes curled in anticipation. The fear was as real and raw as knowing you could do nothing about it. The world will see the truth, and then what, my children? Will you turn and run, or will you face it this time? 
No one could control the unknown.
She chuckled as Bones looked over at her and smiled. Even he couldn't see everything that sat before him. The secret slowly coming to light. And she couldn't wait until they saw, they truly saw that death was coming.


Ollie woke to a knock at her bedroom door. She looked out the window. It was dark outside. She had slept longer than she wanted to. She pulled herself up from the bed and stopped abruptly as the pain shot through her body. She waited for it to dim before she went to the door. She opened it slowly, and Scott was shoved into her face.
"Bye, Aunt Ollie." The kid's voice sounded more masculine than she remembered.
"Bye, cutie." Ollie kissed the chubby cheek of her nephew before opening the door wider.
Ric lowered the little boy to his feet and looked at her with sad eyes. He put his hands in her hair and tried to put some order into the unruly mess. Then he placed a kiss on her forehead.
Ollie quickly grabbed him and held him.
"How long will you be gone?" he asked her as he held on. 
"Until this mess is over, and as long as the kids are safe." The tears rose again, but she held them at bay. Crying didn't do a damn thing for her.
"If you need me …"
"Take care of Scott and Jen." She kissed him on the cheek. "They need you now, and you need them. I will come visit as soon as I can." Ollie pulled herself away from him. "Don't worry about us. We'll be fine." She smiled to reassure him.
"I know. At least I know you will be fine," he grinned, pulling on the sides of her shirt.
She flinched.
"Whoa." Ric frowned pulling up her shirt unexpectedly. He looked down at her right side. "How long?"
She pulled down her shirt. "Come on, man, give me some privacy."
"That one is larger than usual. It's because of Mama, isn't it?"
"Who knows?" Ollie looked down at Scott and reached down to pick him up, ignoring the pain. "I will walk you to the car."
"Tell me, or I'm going to Geo."
She stopped dead in her tracks. "Ric, I'm holding your son right now. Don't make threats to me." She looked him dead in his kind eyes.
"You are a cold one." Ric reached for his son. "Just promise me you will take it easy."
"I'll try. No promises," she said, walking out with them.
"Does Ellis know?"
"Ahhhh, I'm sure he will." The moment she moved wrong in front of him, he would piece it together. He had probably noticed this morning. And he'd be twice as worried.
She walked with him to the parking garage.
After putting Scott into his car seat, Ric turned to Ollie. "I know you are going through some things."
"So are you," she reminded him.
"But you should consider trying to figure out--"
"Ric," she interrupted, not wanting to hear his concerns. He aired them enough and it was time they took this song off repeat.
"Damn, Ollie, we care about you. This is not normal."
"I'm not normal."
"I swear you're a pain in the ass." He hugged her before getting in the car.
"Be careful." Ollie waved before he pulled off. She had no doubt he'd call Geo and spill it as soon as he was far enough away. And as soon as Geo found out, the world would come to an end.
Opening her cell phone, she dialed quickly. "Troy, you want to go for a drink? Meet me downstairs."

()()()


Bossier City, Louisiana

Granger walked through the front entrance where the cars were displayed like trophies outside the mansion: A beautiful display of power and machinery. Classic American sports cars, every make and model before 1980, fully restored and refurbished. Hooser loved cars, but his shrine clearly showed worship above love. The night was warm on his front lawn. Flowering bushes lined the outside of the house while freshly waxed muscle cars decorated the whole of his house. He made sure that everyone parked far enough away from the house so that they had to walk through his maze of automobiles in order to coo. 
Granger wasn't interested.
Before his hand touched the doorbell, the door opened, and a young man answered with his head down. Greg Hooser. What the hell was Junior doing home? And why was he answering the door?
"My father is this way."
Was he being subservient? Holy ... What had the boy done to deserve this? As he followed the young man, he noticed that the lights in the house were dimmed. The awesome décor that Melissa had spent a year coordinating couldn't be seen in its full glory. The angelic mosaic that adorned the entrance was no more than a dark picture on the floor. The exotic paintings in the hallway, normally serene, were haunting.
"Granger." Melissa Hooser met him in the hallway. The sister was here too. Hooser was in a bad place. The man had summoned Granger for a favor if he'd brought his daughter from out of town.
"What's going on, Melissa?" Granger looked at the redhead. She just bowed her head, as if ashamed. Bad move. Granger immediately began looking into her soul, reading her. They didn't need money. Business wasn't in trouble. Yet …?
So Greg had pulled a bad deal, and it was going to look bad on business if they didn't do something quick. That was why Granger was here.
Granger moved past the woman into the study, where Hooser stood immediately. He was a stocky Cajun with red hair and blue eyes. Though he loved his kids, he was a strict father. And he was equally strict with his business. That was why Granger liked him. Until now.
"'Gustus, how're you?" The man smiled, hiding his insecurities.
"Let's make this quick," Granger said, taking the chair that Melissa offered him.
"I've a problem, if you couldn' tell."
"Since when?" Hooser never aired his grievances. He tried to keep all his problems inside the family.
Hooser took in a deep breath, and as his smile disappeared, a look of mortification appeared. This was bad. "You know 'bout de witch hun' to find Fire Eye?"
Ollie. "Yeah."
Hooser went over to his desk and picked up a piece of paper, bringing it over to Granger. On it was a sketch of Ollie. Her spitting image, wild hair and all, with a number to contact if someone had seen her. The situation grew dire.
"Have you seen this on the House circuit?" Melissa asked.
"No," Evidently this was new information.
"Probably 'cause it jus' posted." Hooser looked sick as he took a seat behind his desk. "You know who dat is, don'tcha?"
"I've seen her around."
"I've done business wit' her. A real jewel." Hooser didn't compliment people often, so he must have high respect for Ollie.
"How did they get an image of her?"
"Someone paid m'boy ten million for it."
Whoa. Granger stood up to leave.
"'Gustus, wait. Please."
"Your son is marked for death, and you will be too if you help him. And if you ask me to help, you are a fool." Greg had just violated one of the most sacred codes in House business: never interfere with business. By revealing Ollie's face without her permission, she was entitled to react--anyway she wished. And death was the most likely response with this type of offense.
"Granger, please." Was he begging? Hell, all respect for the man was out the door. "He's m'son."
"Then you should've had him locked in a closet the first time he got in trouble. Now you will have to bury him. Good night."
"'Gustus, I need Demon's Wrath. I know you're de only one who can contac' de assassin."
Granger stood dumbfounded. He wanted Ollie dead. Dead before she could respond. And the only one who could get to a top free agent was a top assassin. Damn. This was beyond bad.
"I can make contact, but that does not guarantee a response, and the fee may be more than you can afford. I'm sorry." Just thinking about putting in a request for the assassin, gave him goosebumps. The channels he had to go through were thicker than anything he could concoct. The organization that Demon's Wrath had was by far the most secret of all he had encountered. As secret as the eighth House itself.
"Granger, I jus' ask for an audience, some kinda--"
"It would be best if you dropped the whole thing. Try to appeal to her. But if you seek out Demon's Wrath, you will have to do it without me. And you and I are done. Never call me again." He cut the ties before leaving the mansion, heading back to his hotel. Granger couldn't consent to Ollie's death. Because of Joc, Geo, Troy, and his own conscience. Ollie was trouble, but he didn't want to see her dead. Not at all. Ever.
As he lay in bed in his hotel room, Granger realized he was at a crossroads. His business connections were all stirring. Mary Alexander and Hooser were looking for Demon's Wrath. Arthur Clifton was going for Ollie. House of Breath had severed ties with House of Flame, hoping to compete for the position of Oracle. Hell had broken loose, and as bad as things were going, business couldn't be better. Though his highest connections were wavering, new connections were forming faster than he could keep up. Businessmen and officials alike needed his aid, his connections, and his information. One of those officials was Antonio Mason. 
Antonio (or Geo, as Ollie called him) was the oldest sibling of the Mason tribe. He was a high-level official of the House of Sun. He got the job done when few were able to. It was Ollie's expertise that had allowed Geo to advance as he had. The man had become so indispensable that he was now one of the highest-paid Sun officials in the House, making millions. But since his mother and possibly his family were being targeted, Geo couldn't go to Ollie for help. 
Granger had worked with the man on several occasions, but Geo had never called wanting his help. The man had to be in a desperate place to do such a thing. And Granger was still considering the offer--seriously considering it. If he took Geo's offer, more business avenues would open to him. 
Geo had almost as much power and influence as Granger, just in different channels. And the man had offered those channels as a bargaining chip. But it was the assignment he wanted to give Granger that bothered him. 
Keep Ollie out of harm's way. 
The problem with that was if Ollie wanted to find trouble, there was nothing on earth or in heaven that could stop her. He wasn't even sure God was the one who had created such a malevolent creature.
Granger thought of Joc and that beating she'd given him after finding out he was cheating. The bruises on him and the pain he felt made it seem like she'd done it while he was asleep, unable to defend himself. But Joc swore up and down that he was awake the whole time. If this woman was such a badass, why did he need to help her?
Clearing his head, Granger tried to relax enough to sleep. But it was unnerving how clear everything was becoming. Everything about the current situation pointed to Ollie. She was the focus of most of the activity, even if the overall outcome was the Oracle. He'd known that woman was a bad omen when she came into his club--knew it down to the bone. Why were seers dying? He'd bet anything the answers could come from her. And she was the last person he wanted to talk to, let alone see. How the hell …?
Damn, a year ago he thought he had gotten away from her when she broke up with Joc, but now she was back--back in an unavoidable way. If her name didn't pop up, her picture did. That Hooser boy was going to fry. Poor bastard. Joc was already seeing it as an opportunity to win her back. Too bad; he saw her as a prize instead of a time bomb. And now he would not only have to deal with Joc again but deal with her as well. There had to be another way to do this.
Granger sat up in bed as his phone rang.
"Granger, listen. I got that information you wanted. It is confirmed. Ollie not only is the target of Houses River, Flame, and Breath, but she is being targeted for assassination. You were right."
Granger cursed.
"Granger?"
"You on your way?" He exhaled a ragged breath of air.
"Yeah, man. Call her for me. Let her know. I know she wouldn't want to hear it from me."
She wouldn't want to hear it from anyone.

()()()


Silver Spring, Maryland

Smoke filled the air of the bar as country music spilled from the speakers. Why did he let Wolfe pick the bar? He had hoped for a sports bar with half-dressed women instead of this hillbilly hangout where peanut shells littered the floor. They did have several large-screen televisions embedded in the walls showing, races, baseball, and rodeos. So it wasn't too bad, and this place did have the best beer in town.
Troy watched as Ollie threw back more amaretto sours than he could count.
Wolfe was watching in disbelief. "Damn, girl. You betta than a fish." He laughed.
When Ollie asked for another one, Troy stopped her by taking her shot and drinking it.
"You're done," Troy said when she gave him a nasty look. Her attitude was unavoidable due to her condition, but he was far more sober than she was, so he could take her.
"Do I look done?" she growled.
"Yeah," he said as his phone rang. "Yeah," he answered it.
"It's Granger. Is your sister nearby?"
He had eight sisters, but Granger could only be talking about one. "Yeah."
"Good, keep it that way. She is on the Structure's most wanted list. It seems she has information certain people want, and they are hot on her trail. Hooser gave a very detailed description of her, and everyone has their eyes open. Joc is on his way from the West Coast, so don't be surprised if you see him soon."
"Damn." Troy looked over at Ollie, who had ordered another shot. He took it from her and drank it. "Thanks," he said before hanging up.
"Troy!" she yelled.
"We gotta go." He dropped some cash on the bar before grabbing Ollie's hand. Crunching on the sea of peanut shells, he walked past a few patrons that were burlier than Wolfe.
"What's going on?" she asked, stumbling behind him.
"Evidently trouble," Wolfe said.
"Ollie, do you remember the access codes to the Pointe?" Troy asked as they got outside.
"Yup."
"Good. We are goin' there tonight. Wolfe, call Cee and tell her where we're headed, and tell her to wake Geo and have him call Granger." Before Ollie could form a protest, he told her, "Get in the car. I'll explain on the way." He looked around, throwing off light in tiny, split-second bursts that would distract anyone in the area, making them lose focus. Hopefully that meant not noticing his sister. "Ollie, you sober enough to throw off an illusion?" he said after getting into the car.
"No." Her answer was lazy. She was already drifting off. He'd have to explain later, when she was actually coherent.
The engine of the truck roared as it headed to the south side of the city where her vacant facility sat. It was an old four-story office complex that she had gutted and made her own workspace. The first floor was a garage and workshop for vehicles and weapons. The second floor was filled with nothing but security and computer systems. This was where the bulk of her information was stored and retrieved--her mainframe for the building. The third floor was the training room, and the fourth was living quarters. This was going to have to do until they got her out of town, he thought as he pulled into the garage and closed the door behind them.
"Ollie?"
"Tell me in the morning," she said, getting out of the truck and stumbling to the floor. She weaved to the stairs. He went after her to make sure she didn't fall down the steps. It took a while, but once she had made her way to the fourth floor, she shuffled over to a couch and collapsed. He noticed her grimace in pain, which reminded him of something Geo had told him before he left. Once Ollie's breathing deepened, suggesting she was out cold, he went over and lifted the right side of her shirt to peer at her skin. Sure enough, the bruise was right there, covering most of her side to her ribcage. He pulled the shirt back down as heavy footsteps came up behind him.
"I swear she needs a elevator in this place," Wolfe groaned.
Troy took the blanket from the back of the sofa and covered her with it. "Come on, help me check out the security system," he said, leaving the area.
"What? You mean…? Hell, I coulda just met ya downstairs. Arghhhh, I'm too damn fat fer this!" Wolfe grumped as he followed.

()()()



7



Ollie woke, feeling the triumph of last night's self-destruction parading around in her head. It was a long time before she opened her eyelids, and the first thing she saw brought the events of last night to realization. Damn, he was the last thing she needed to see right now. Geo was sprawled out on the white leather couch across from her, on his cell phone. Looking pissed. No doubt her twin was skulking the perimeter, making sure everything was pinned down. 
Geo hung up the phone and looked over at her.
"I see you found your keys," Ollie groaned, closing her eyes.
"There is some aspirin on the coffee table, next to a glass of water. Take it, and rest your head," he said as he dialed his phone.
"Yes, sir." She reached for the glass coffee table, but quit instead of getting up to reach it. Geo just laughed as he pushed the table closer to her with his foot. She reached for the napkin where the aspirin lay and pulled it to her until the aspirin was near her fingers. 
She looked over at the glass of water and grunted. She'd have to sit up to drink that. 
Damn. 
She put the aspirin in her mouth and began to chew. Though the taste was horrible, it was far better than moving. Moving only made the leather grate on her skin. And usually it was so damn soft.
"Drink the water. You don't want that stuff eating through your esophagus," he told her. Ollie groaned as she sat up, feeling the weight of her whole body. She would have fought him on the subject, but she was in no condition. She downed the glass with both eyes closed, because she didn't want to see the room spin. Feeling it was bad enough. 
"It's Antonio," He said into his cell. "What did you find out?" His voice was unusually soft, considering. Most of the time it had an edge and was very commanding. Demanding. Who was he talking to? And why did he sound almost reasonable? Maybe a woman that he found attractive.
Ollie's eyes popped open, but she closed them again right away. She would have to figure it out later. What had possessed her to decorate everything in white? It was hell on the eyes.
"Okay." There was a click. He had hung up. "VA said hey."
VA. Holy crap. Did Geo have a thing for his longtime colleague? They had been working together longer than Ollie had known her. Maybe they were just friends. Ahhh, hell--too much thinking. Ollie lay back on the couch and squirmed, feeling the pain of her side.
"How long has it been bruised?" he asked her.
She knew he'd ask. She had just been hoping she'd be in fighting form when he did. Lying quietly, she wanted to play dead a little longer.
"Ollie." His voice was way to gentle for her to handle. He almost sounded like … he did so many years ago. She wasn't going to fall apart, if that's what he was worried about. Of course he was worried--she had slept all of yesterday, she had drunk herself into a stupor, and there was the bruise. Okay, girl, snap out of it … once the room stops spinning. "Have you noticed that Ellis isn't here?"
"Actually, yeah. What's up with that?" Though she could use a break from her twin, she expected him to be looming.
"We didn't tell him," he said. We? How many people actually knew? "We need you both level-headed." Ah, so he did think she was falling apart.
"I'm fine, Geo," she said, even though that wouldn't satisfy him.
"So it was recent. That means it has nothing to do with Mama. Does it have something to do with those men in Atlanta?"
If the hammer inside of her head would stop, she would tell him to kiss off. But even the thought hurt. "It just showed up."
"Your bruises don't just show up, and they don't just disappear, do they?" She could hear him moving, the couch dipped, and just like that, he was right beside her. "Ollie, I told you to limit your power use. You're overdoing it again, and you know what happened last time." His demanding voice was soft but serious.
"Yeah." Ollie sighed. "Geo, the pain will go away eventually."
"But the mark won't."
"You realize there's nothing I can do. I've tried, but when things get intense--"
"That is how you deal," he grumped, understanding.
"Then the bruise. I can't explain it. And you know what the alternative is. Angel and Vlad don't know what to do. Cee and Star are stumped. Mama says nothing. The only person who might have an answer is our sperm donor. And that ain't happening. I could go outside the family for answers."
"Hell, no."
"Then let me deal with this. There is nothing you can do." She cringed, ready to shoot the little man stomping around in her head.
"We could put you away like Vlad and Angel."
"You know I wouldn't last a day in hiding. I'd rather let the seal eat at me."
"Don't say that." Pain grated his voice for the first time she could remember.
She opened her eyes and looked at him. That wouldn't be fair, would it? With Mama dying, they didn't need another heartbreak.
She wrapped her arms around Geo. He was a pain in the ass, but she didn't want to be the cause of that pain. "I'm sorry. But Geo, let's face it. I have no idea what is in store for me. But I plan to stick around and piss you off as long as the good Lord lets me. Now, when can I get the hell out of here?"
Geo laughed, looking over at her. "Ollie, you dropped your guard." His laughter slowly died.
"I know, but no one is here but you and me."
"Troy and Wolfe are downstairs. They saw some things that needed to be updated on the security system."
"Aww, yeah. Free upgrade." Ollie laughed but was quickly reminded of that damn bastard partying in her head. She shrugged down into her neck, hoping to escape from her own brain.
"VA is out in the field checking around for me. Joc is in town doing the same."
She groaned. Joc's ass would have to be lurking; she just hoped she wouldn't have to see it. "Cee and Ellis are with the kids and Mama. And …" Oh, so this was leading up to something. "I would like your permission to--" 
Ollie chuckled. "Go, Geo. You're free." She waved him off, dismissing him. "I lift your chains and free you from bondage, as long as you promise to visit at least once a month."
He began to chuckle. "I promise. Even if it is for a day." He kissed her on the cheek.
She jerked back, surprised. "Are you getting mushy on me, O Grand Exalted One?" She looked at him in awe.
"I will call you with updates. And I will see what can be done about getting the attention off your back."
"Okay, just be careful." Or she would have to kill any jackass who hurt him.
"Whatever." His cold exterior was back as he stood to leave.
"So who all knows about my current condition?"
"Me. Ric. Troy," he said, leaving, as Ollie laid down her head. Right now, house arrest wasn't so bad--considering she was in no shape to go anywhere. But her soul was restless, so unless she planned to get drunk for the next month or more, she'd have to figure something out. An illusion could work, but with the new bruise, there was no telling what the results would be. Sleep first. Then she would figure it out.


Warming his hand on his mug of Irish coffee, Troy watched as Ollie ate breakfast. He was starting to see why Ellis kept his eyes on her. Worry made him want to know what she'd do next or what would happen to her next. It was easier when she was miles away in another state; then he didn't have to worry. Was that why he had moved away in the first place? Nope, it was because of Mara.
Mara.
"Awww, are you thinking about that priss again?" Ollie shouted. It must've been all over his face.
"Oll--"
"I don't want to hear it." She stood up from the table and went to clean her dishes at the sink. She leaned to one side as she moved. The pain had gotten worse. He cursed, knowing that her worry for him might've been the source. He needed to think about other things. Nothing that would upset her.
"Me and Wolfe are workin' on one of the cars you got downstairs. Did you wanna come help?" he asked.
"No." She was mad. Her words were too tight.
She needed to yell at him or something; she shouldn't internalize it. Internalizing, for her, was far more dangerous than using it. It had taken them a year to save her the first time. So he had to get her to direct her anger. Troy took a deep breath before saying, "I loved her, Ollie. I can't just forget that. And let it go."
She didn't answer. Keep pushing.
"I wish I could. But …" He looked down at his cup of coffee, preparing himself. The truth wouldn't be easy. "If she came back today, I'd take her back."
Ollie's scream brought him to full attention. She took the plate she had just rinsed and heaved it across the kitchen into the wall. "You son of a bitch!" she yelled. Troy's breath caught in his throat. Fury possessed her eyes, those eyes … "That woman left you. That gold-digging, lying, prissy bitch did the cha-cha on your heart and then left you without a word. Not even a letter. And you want to know where she is now?"
"No." Troy swallowed hard, feeling his stomach turn.
"In California, fucking her newest bank statement, spending his money, and fooling the poor bastard just like she fooled you. Damn you." Tears came to her eyes. "She doesn't love you, so move on. Move on." Ollie stormed out of the kitchen.
Troy wanted her to let it go, but damn, it hurt. His whole body stung with her words. Why did he make himself the target of her wrath? Footsteps trailed back to the kitchen. 
She wasn't finished. 
Her hand swatted his coffee cup across the table, across the kitchen, until it hit the counter, shattering on the ground. A mirror slammed down on the table in front of him, cracking. "Look." Her words were like ice.
He looked at the cracked image of himself.
"Why are you letting that prissy bitch do this to you?" she asked with an eerie calm.
Worried, he looked up at her.
"No. Look." She forced his head back down, to see his sunken cheeks. His hollow eyes. Even his skin looked bad. He was nothing more than a shell. And that was how he had felt for two years. Like nothing, less than nothing. Not worthy of anything or anyone. He felt like hell because he was in hell.
"You were so good-looking, Malcolm." 
Malcolm? This is bad. 
"So damn fun to be around. You could have any woman you wanted. But now …" She took the mirror. "Now you live your life at the bottom of a bottle!" she yelled followed by a crash and shattering sound, no doubt the mirror. "You want to kill yourself? Fine, but can you do it after Mama's gone, 'cause I don't want her dying any faster than she has to."
"That's not fair." Troy stood, not believing she had gone there.
"What's not fair?" She got up in his face "That people, your family, who actually care for you, have to watch you destroy yourself while that skank, who doesn't give a damn about you, is living rent-free in your head? Tell me, what the … is … fair …" Ollie clutched her side.
"Ollie?" He reached for her.
"Don't touch me," she snapped, turning away from him. "Don't you dare worry about me. If you want to worry about someone, it should be you." He cringed when she turned back to him. She had dropped her defenses, and that right eye stared at him. "I have no respect for you," she said before walking off.
Her words, full of pain, reached so deep into his heart that he felt like dying. He hadn't felt so horrible since Mara left him. Not even her departure hurt this bad. Ollie had cast him off, severed the ties as if it were nothing. Malcolm. She had called him by his name. Ollie never called anyone by their names unless she saw them … 
She had a system when it came to people. Those she gave nicknames were family, whether they were blood related or not, because in Ollie's mind, if she didn't consider people family, they were expendable. She could kill them without a second thought or even a first. So if she no longer used his nickname, what was he to her?
He had never been on the receiving end of her anger before, and now knowing the pain he was feeling, he wished he hadn't pushed. He went over to the trash bin and hauled it over to the broken glass. He began to pick up the pieces and chuck each one into the bin.
If only he could … take back everything. Everything from the last six years. Never meeting Mara. Then maybe Mama would be okay and Ollie wouldn't hate him. Maybe he wouldn't hate himself. Damn, he hated himself. He took a piece of the mirror and looked at his reflection.
Damn, he looked horrible.
"What in hell?" Troy spun around and saw Wolfe running his fingers through his brown hair before putting on his John Deere hat, pulling it low over his face.
"Can you hand me a broom and a dustpan in the pantry over there?" He pointed to the far wall.
"You an' Ollie havin' a party without me?" Wolfe laughed.
"Shut your yap and get the broom."
Troy kept his distance from Ollie the rest of the day and most of the next morning. And it wasn't hard to do, because she only went two places: her room and the training facility. She had nothing to say, and he wished she did. Troy and Wolfe sat in front of the television, watching baseball highlights most of the day on her big screen. Troy would've loved to drown himself in a bottle of cognac, but the only things stocked in the whole building were wine cooler and beer. Watered-down booze.
"You two. Thick as thieves. Talk to 'er," Wolfe said as he drank his beer. "You two are the only ones that can git under that twin's skin. If ya don't fix whatever mess ya caused, I'll never forgive ya."
Troy looked at him, frowning. Wolfe had said nothing about the silence, but it sure was obvious. The damn thing crowded the whole building.
"Why you think it's my fault?"
"She ever been mad at you before?" He buried himself into the plush white couch as if he weren't going anywhere anytime soon.
Now that Wolfe mentioned it, he and his sister had never had a real fight. They have always agreed to disagree if needed. She had gone toe to toe with most everyone in the family, but never had she gone after him like that before. Was it his fault?
"Only time I ever saw 'er get mad at yer ass is when you wouldn't let 'er kill Mara. So I'm a-guessin' you told 'er you ain't over that ho." Wolfe's eyes never left the TV screen. "Dumb. Ass. Move."
"Why you takin' her side?" Wolfe was his best friend, not Ollie's.
"Cuz she's prettier'n you. And cuz she introduced me to my wife." Oh, hell, not that again. "Nah, gitcha ass up there. And while yer visitin', let 'er weed the roots of that ho out yer head." Even his best friend was against him. He must be in bad shape. Damn.
Troy slowly made his way to the stairwell. There is life after this, son, Mama had told him. But it just didn't feel like it. He couldn't just pull himself out of it. And couldn't do what Ollie did. How did she get over Joc? Even though her relationship with him was only a year compared to his five years with Mara, she still walked away like a champ. Well, she walked away from everything like a champ. Of course, the alternative for Ollie was ... not an alternative.
Troy stopped on the steps, hanging his head.
Hold your head up, son. Be proud, even when accepting correction. Be proud to be corrected. Be proud to be you, because no one can be you but you. Mama … 
Troy laughed as he thought of Ollie. 
Damn, I love being me. Ollie always did have a taste for life. She drank it up, thirsty for it. Like each day was her last … Why hadn't he seen it before? She lived like that because it could very well be. She had seen death before, stared it right in the face and then turned around to moon the hell out of it.
Troy laughed even harder. Damn that girl. Out of all the sob stories he had heard and seen, hers was the worse, and she didn't live in it, wallow in it, or expect any special treatment for it. O-no was inspired by her story. Miko thought she was a superhero. And there were others of his blood brothers and sisters who had worse stories than his. Even Ellis … damn, brother. Ellis's demons held more weight than Troy's. Troy's mother loved him and took care of him even when she was living with Mama. And though all of them knew nothing of their so-called father, they all had someone to lean on. 
So what was Troy's problem? He had fallen in love with a woman who broke his heart. She wasn't coming back. Big deal, right? But it hurt. After two years, it hurt. Maybe it was the fact that he felt like such a fool.
He began to walk up the steps again. He checked the training area, and the wide-open space was clear. He listened to see if she was in the back room, but there was nothing.
He moved up to the fourth floor. Checking all four bedrooms, the kitchen, and the bathrooms, he found nothing. 
Please don't tell me she left. 
Troy ran over to the computer console in the living room to check the building surveillance, hoping his sister hadn't pulled a Houdini. 
Only Ollie … 
But she was on the roof, sitting the on edge of the building.
Running, he took the steps two by two before he entered his code to get access to the roof. The air was humid but not too hot. Crunching over the gravel, he walked toward the wild hair blowing in the breeze. Once beside her, he leaned over the side of the building looking down. He didn't like her feet dangling over a four-story drop.
"You may not respect me, but I love and respect you." His words came before he was ready for them. "I just don't know what to do." After two years of pain and self-loathing, how would he turn it all around? It was a runaway train going downhill.
"You know--" She took in a deep breath. "I bought this facility hoping you would move back home. I would've sold it to you for next to nothing, because I knew you wouldn't let me give it to you. I wanted you as far away from those memories as possible. I was hoping you'd just go anywhere and start over. Anywhere." Ollie looked down at the street.
"Not a bad place. I'd need new dishes, though," he said. Ollie laughed. "I do miss havin' Wolfe as a business partner. We talked. There is good business in Missouri. I may consider a move." It was a step. If nothing else, he could breathe new air. Maybe that was all he needed.
"A consideration. I'll take it." She grinned. "I do love you, Troy, but I don't like what you're doing to yourself. Let the past make you stronger, not weaker."
"Now you sound like Mama." Troy took in the obscure view of the city. Something in the air had a hint of peppermint.
"Funny, because they were Father's words."
Looking out over the city from the eighth floor of Ollie's condo was far more impressive. The skyline was far more exciting and worth waking up to in the morning. But from here, the world didn't … 
Father's words? What did she say? She must have meant something else. Because when would she have spoken to their father? 
He looked down at her. Her body was bent toward the street, leaning too far over the edge of the building for his comfort.
"Ollie?" He reached for her.
"We have company." She stood up on the ledge, stepping backward onto the roof. Taking his wrist, she moved quickly to the door, entering the code. Troy tried to clear the fog from his head.
"Wolfe!" she yelled into the intercom system mounted on the wall just inside the door.
"I see 'em," he responded just as a clicking sound indicated that the door behind them sealed shut, locking in place. "They're in, and they ain't goin' noplace. Git 'em, girl. Wooha."
Troy followed Ollie as she sprinted down the steps to the living area. Going into the closet next to the staircase, she brought out two sawed-offs that Troy had just loaded the previous day. She handed him one and a few rounds. More than he would need.
Then just like that, she disappeared down the steps. The plan: Wolfe would stay on the second floor and keep surveillance secured, and Troy was to take up a backup position, because no one got in the way of Ollie and her kills. Too risky.
Troy cleared out the cobwebs and headed downstairs. His feet skipped steps as he traveled. When he got to the first-floor garage, Ollie had her shotgun pointed dead in a Puerto Rican man's face that was adorned with a toothpick hanging from his lips. His hair was short and wavy, and his hazel eyes slanted outward, making him appear sad. His hands were raised in defense as two guys behind him lowered their weapons. They were dressed like thugs--baggy jeans and leather jackets. One wore a Lakers cap.
"Troy, man, can you tell your sista to lower the cannon?" Joc.
"Go ahead, Ollie, shoot," Troy said, turning to leave.


()()()


Ollie narrowed her eyes at the bastard who should've phoned first.
"Come on, babe."
"Pull the damn trigger." Troy, who was about to leave, turned right back around.
Joc began to laugh, showing the dimples in his cheeks. She should have killed the handsome devil, but heaven knew how many kids he needed to feed. Death would be the easy way out for him.
"If I was in a 'shoot first, ask later' mood, Joc, your boys would be scraping your ass off of my cars, cause damn if I'm going to touch it," Ollie snapped.
"Missed you too, babe." He just smiled.
"Pull the damn trigger." Troy's voice thundered.
Ollie lowered her gun and handed it to Troy.
"Fine, I'll do it," he growled
Ollie brought her hand up before he could pull the trigger. If she couldn't kill Mara, he wasn't allowed to kill Joc. She wanted that pleasure.
Turning back around, she balled her right hand into a fist, swinging upward, burying it under his chin. Joc's head snapped back as he stumbled in the same direction. His boys stepped back, cursing. "What the hell you doing here?"
Yep, she should've shot him. Why didn't she shoot him? Oh, yeah, because Granger was good to their family. Was that the only excuse she had?
Shaking his head and moving his jaw, Joc replied, "Got a call from Geo ... Wanted me to check out the areas and--"
"Here, moron. Here. Why the hell are you right here?" Ollie pointed to the ground he was standing on. "I left explicit instructions that I didn't want to see your ass anywhere near me. And damn, here you are." But he'd never followed instructions well. Head-in-ass syndrome.
"I wanted to check on you to make sure you were okay. I'm entitled to worry,"
"No, the hell you're not!" Troy shouted, bringing the gun back up.
Ollie held out her arm to stop him again. She didn't want any blood on his hands. "Troy, take these two upstairs. Get them a beer. Let Wolfe know what's up." 
"Later." Joc waved to Troy, grinning. Ollie turned to see Troy leave reluctantly. He had the if-you-need-me look in his eyes as he lifted one of the shotguns over his shoulder. 
Ollie turned to face Joc, who was bending down to kiss her. "Oh, no." Ollie pushed his face back. "This ain't no reunion." He had even taken his toothpick out of his mouth. He was serious.
"You wanted my help. I figured …"
"Idiot." She took several steps back. Being close to him pissed her off even more. "I didn't want your help. I wanted nothing to do with you. Geo wanted you to help him," she barked.
"So you telling me you still haven't forgiven me? You have no desire to see me?" He stepped closer to her. Damn, he was hardheaded.
"None."
"No feelings whatsoever?" How had he gotten so close to her so quickly? He was again within kissing distance. And why was she thinking kissing? 
"Nausea, does that count?" Ollie moved out of his reach. He was a smooth one, always was. It was his charm she'd fallen for and his charm that had gotten him into trouble with her. He used the damn thing on every woman, just like he used his dick. "Did you find out anything?"
"Flame got some scouts, but low-level pawns. Nothing big yet. However," he said, putting his toothpick back in his mouth, "things are moving too fast, and you know what that means."
Time to beat the riffraff out of Dodge.
"You heard from your boy?" Ollie continued to move about the garage, not giving him a chance to pull a fast one.
"I called G this morning, but he was too pissed to talk."
"Granger gets pissed?"
"In his own way." Ollie noticed that his eyes were glossed over with lust as he looked at her. Yeah, she should have shot him.
"Is that all?" Ollie headed for the stairs.
"Can we crash here?"
"No." Ollie said. Before she could get to the first step, his hand grabbed her arm, and he pulled her around to face him, planting a kiss on her lips. But as fast as he placed the kiss, he was pulled off of her by two big, blurry figures. When she shook off the shock, she saw Wolfe standing over Joc, with Ellis's knees buried in the guy's chest. Ellis was about to pound his head in.
Without hesitation, Ollie launched forward, grabbing Ellis's arm before he struck the first blow. "Ellington," she said into her twin's ear, "I'm fine." Her voice was calm. She slowed her own heart. "Ellington." She stroked the back of his head. His arm relaxed as he stared down at the man who was about to be concrete. "I'm fine." Please calm down. She looked over at Wolfe, who helped raise her twin off of Joc.
Joc looked like he had just dodged a city bus, only to get hit by a Mack truck. He lay on the floor, unable to move for a long time. Joc knew better than anyone that Ellis was like a pit bull, and Ollie was a butcher's choice cut. No one touched her without his permission. And nothing she said to him could change that, no matter what. As annoying as it was, it came in handy at times.
"You didn't tell me your twin was lurking." Fear sucked the suaveness right from his lungs.
"He wasn't." Ollie turned to see Ellis with his back turned and Wolfe taking in a breath of relief as he turned to her.
"Why are you here?" she asked Ellis, who said nothing as he headed upstairs.
"This here idjit," Wolfe groaned, pointing at Joc, "triggered an alarm when he barged in, an natcherly Sir Twins-a-lot came a runnin'."
"Thank you for that colorful commentary," Joc mocked.
"Check yourself," Ollie warned. He wasn't allowed to mess with any of her brothers. "Joc, get your boys. Get out. You've caused enough trouble." Ollie pointed to the door as the man finally got off the floor. She headed for the stairs.


()()()


Ellis went to the refrigerator and pulled out a bottle of water. He needed to get a grip. Joc would not hurt Ollie, but he should not have touched her. Not like that. Ellis closed his eyes as he downed the whole bottle of water. Tossing the bottle in the trash, he walked into the white living room. Everything in the living area was white, except the yellow broom in the kitchen. Was Ollie in a white mood when she decorated this area? He rolled his head on his neck. 
He was about to kill Joc. The need was right there. Sitting on his chest. Breathe.
Two white couches, face to face. Breathe. White walls. Breathe. White doors. Breathe. White tile in the kitchen with white marble countertops. A white kitchen table and chairs, a white refrigerator, and a stove.
Calm washed over him. He needed a book, and she didn't have one in the building. Though he had only been in the building two other times, his sister didn't take up reading actively, as he did. He needed … something.
"Stop pacing." Her voice carried across the room. He spun to see that she was leaning against the wall next to the staircase, watching him. Her expression was grim, which was not surprising; he had just tried to kill Joc. With his bare fists, he would have. He should not have touched her like that. Not like that. "Ellis."
Her voice brought his mind back to the room.
"What?" Air escaped his nostrils.
"How are we?"
"Fine."
"Ellis."
"Fine."
"You had your knees in his chest. You are not fine."
"Ollie, let it go."
"And when you see him next time?"
"Pray I don't." He closed his eyes, seeing him grab her. Seeing him grab her. Seeing him grab her, dragging her … behind closed doors. Helpless.
The room filled with classical jazz, loud bass and saxophone bringing him back into the room. Ollie put her stereo remote on the white wooden coffee table.
"I'm hungry," she told him. Without hesitation, Ellis went into the kitchen to see if he could find something. "Not many groceries. Geo brought us some eggs, bread, and milk. A few other things."
"French toast?"
"We don't have syrup."
"Sugar?"
"Yeah."
"You have syrup." He went into the kitchen and pulled down the bowls, eggs, milk, and bread. He brought out the sugar and some spices in the cabinet. No vanilla, but there was cinnamon and nutmeg. That would have to do. Bringing out a pot, a pan, and some olive oil, he got busy.
"Ellis, you know I can take care of myself, right?" she said, sitting down at the kitchen table.
"I know."
"Then let me."
"I try. But I need to do this." And he needed to feed her.
"No, you don't."
He put the first piece of soaked toast in the heated pan. "We've gone through this before."
"And there is nothing to atone for."
"Yes, there is."
"Ellis, we were--"
"Holy hell," Wolfe's voice cut through the room, "Troy, Ellis's cookin', gitcha ass up here, 'fore Ollie eats it all," he yelled into the intercom system by the stairway.
Ellis continued to cook until everyone was fed. He fixed himself a glass of milk and a peanut butter sandwich and watched the four of them eat. There was not much in his life more satisfying than people silently enjoying his cooking. A good book being the second. And his sister, safe, being the first.

()()()


Kansas City, Missouri

Mary could not help but glow. Marissa's contact in House Heart had given her more information and contacts than she could hold. She had underestimated House of Heart. Though Granger was Heart, she had thought he was just well connected. But now it seemed that the House itself was well connected. Now she had a picture and enough information to go on a manhunt for an agent that might be able to get her Demon's Wrath.
According to the sources, Fire Eye was considered the best at finding anything. She had never failed a mission. Rumor had it that she knew where to find the Oracle as well. Now wouldn't that be a diamond in her plans? Instead of getting Demon's Wrath, go straight to the source. Mary had to have Fire Eye.
The problem was that no one knew where to locate her. It seemed that Fire Eye had dropped off the face off the planet the minute this mess started. Mary didn't let that stop her. She pulled her best trackers and seekers to find Fire Eye.
Leads were coming from everywhere. But when Granger's name came up on one occasion, dread hit her. How the hell did Granger, who wanted nothing to do with the whole incident, fit into all of it? She didn't like this one bit. If she had to go up against him in any way, then she could be on his radar, and that kind of attention was deadly. She wanted to keep her soul, so if the need did arrive, she might need to kill him as well.
Mary thought for a moment. With Granger out of the way, she would be more free to do as she wished. Maybe Demon's Wrath would come in handy after all.

()()()



8



Silver Spring, Maryland

Night had fallen, again. And nothing, again. Another day and no word about what was happening. No attack. Nothing. Ollie was starting to wonder if someone was keeping something from her. Troy and Wolfe watched sports all day. Ellis left, only to return with a few books.
No one told her anything. And her cell phone was missing. Ollie finished beating the stuffing out of the punching bag and headed up to the living area. Checking the computer by the stairway, she noticed that all of her e-mail messages were being forwarded to her. Geo must be monitoring her e-mail. That pain in the ass. Surfing the Net, she found that many of the main channels of information she used weren't coming up. Like the Web server was down, or was she being blocked?
Ollie looked over at her twin sitting on the couch facing the kitchen. "E, let me borrow your cell. I have misplaced mine."
"It's at home," Ellis answered. It was possible; her twin didn't much care for phones.
However, something was going on. It had been three days of silence, with no Geo telling her what to do and no news about the situation. Even O-no would have tried to contact her by now. She went back down the stairs to the second floor, where Wolfe and Troy were putting on their jackets as if they were about to leave.
"So, where are you two going?" she asked.
"Out to get some things. We won't be long." Troy's voice was flat.
"Leave your cell. I need to get in touch with Geo."
"He said sit tight," Troy said, slipping his cell phone into his jacket pocket.
"Really?" That meant she wouldn't be using his cell phone. 
Both of them wore their business faces, showing no emotion--not a sign or hint of anything. And she had an aching feeling that she was that business. Were they handling her? 
"I'll be back." He'd just brushed her off. Oh, hell no.
She looked over at Wolfe, who looked just as blank, not even looking her in the eye, like she wasn't even in the room. This was really starting to piss her off. If she could take both of them without using her powers, she would. Argh.
"Well, will you two stop at the store and get some things? Granola bars, juice, candy. Peppermints and gummies, please. Preferably the sour ones. Oh, and some more bottled water. More milk and--"
"How 'bout we bring the whole store?" Troy still showed no emotion.
"Fine, but I was trying to save your wallet," she said before heading back upstairs. She stopped at the third floor. Think, Ollie. Going up to the fourth, she stopped and glanced over at Ellis. Focus. She went to the roof. Heading over to the edge of the building facing the street, she waited and watched as Troy and Wolfe pulled out of the garage. As soon as they pulled out, a black SUV followed behind them. Joc. Oh. Hell. No.
Something was happening, and they had left her out. Completely. If it wasn't clear before, it was getting there. 
Ollie headed back inside, and as soon as she did, the door sealed shut and the locks latched. Surprise, surprise. She was locked in. Grinding her teeth, holding back the rage, she focused.
So, girl--how you wanna play this? Ollie looked over at the computer by the stairs. She logged in and checked all of her e-mail messages again.
A host of friendly mail, not much House business. Geo had done a superb job of filtering her messages. Prick. Too bad he wasn't omniscient. She opened a message from a correspondent named Alice_in_Wales and read it. 

Just writing to say hi … yada yada … business is good. 
Alice

Smiling, she responded, in just as cordial and unrevealing a manner. 

Glad to hear you are well, as always … yada yada … if business is really doing that well, maybe you should consider expanding. Just a thought. 
Olivia

Then she responded to a few more messages, just to say hi. She loved pulling wool over the Grand Exalted One's eyes.
She wasn't going to play nice. There was no way she was going to be a prisoner. Yeah, Geo was protecting her, but keeping information away from her wasn't part of the deal. I'm counting on you, Alice. Pull a rabbit out of your hat.
Yeah, she would play dirty. She smiled to herself as she went to pummel the punching bag again.


()()()


Granger waited in the parking lot of the agricultural warehouse several miles outside of the city, talking with Antonio--or Geo, as his family called him. The area wasn't populated this time of night, so it was a perfect spot for a meeting. Trees surrounding the facility gave good cover from the main road, and the fact that Geo was an associate of the company's CEO helped. 
There were a few people Granger respected, and Geo was one of them. He was tough as nails, driven, and dependable. One thing he wasn't was stupid. The man should have been a military general, the way he operated. With the current conflict within the Structure, he was a general. He had a commanding presence that demanded attention.
Some of Geo's contacts soon pulled into the parking lot, followed by Troy, Wolfe, and Joc with his gang. Ollie's annoying naming habit had spread to the whole family. When everyone had arrived, the meeting began.
"How in hell'd we get the big dog himself?" Wolfe grinned, holding out his hand to Granger, who took it and shook.
"It's been awhile, hasn't it, Wolfe?" Granger asked.
"Hell, yeah." Wolfe laughed. He was a loud country man, but his heart was as good as gold. How he had married into their family was a mystery. The family had very strict rules about who was let into their inner circle. Very strict.
The eldest sister had been the first of all the siblings to get married, but it took her a month to convince her brothers to let her go on a date with her future husband. When he proposed marriage, it took an act of Congress and a broken jaw before they allowed her to marry him. If it wasn't for Troy and Wolfe being best friends, Wolfe wouldn't have had a hope in heaven. Or hell.
"How is she?" Geo asked Troy, referring to Ollie.
"Unusually quiet. She asked for my phone. And I'll tell you, she's figurin' it out. You won't be able to dance around it for long," Troy answered. From what Geo had told him earlier, they were keeping Ollie under lock and key for her own protection. And he decided that the less she knew, the better their chances of her not getting trigger-happy. Granger almost agreed, because if she found out there was a hit out on her life, she would break her cover just to get at Hooser.
"She's been punchin' that damned bag all day, Geo. It won't be long 'fore she's bustin' heads," Wolfe groaned, evidently dreading the idea.
"I'll handle it. But we may need to move her fast. That's why Granger is here. News came from Asia. Japan lost their River representative, and Flame lost two candidates, one in Germany and one that was in India. The conflict has escalated even further. Breath is moving against Blade."
"Ballsy, but an unexpected move might be the only thing to throw Blade off," one of Geo's associates commented, and Geo nodded in agreement.
"Everyone is up to speed about what's going on here, right?" Geo asked. Everyone sighed and moaned in agreement. All eyes were on River and Flame. They were the two powerhouses maneuvering into position, so they had to be watched.
"There is something you should know," Joc spoke up. "River has moved in this evening. Since this area is heavily populated with Flame and Breath, this only spells bad news. Some of the reports suggest that they belong to Mary."
The curses that came from the group let Granger know that he wasn't the only one who saw bad things coming. If Mary of River, who based her operations in the Midwest, had come to the East Coast--smack dab into territory dominated by Flame--there would be a high body count. And with Mary Alexander behind the wheel, that count was sure to double.
"It seems that candidates aren't the only ones being targeted," Geo said. "Earlier I got a call from Blade HQ in New York. Several undocumented high-levels have been found dead or have gone missing over the last forty-eight hours. Any competition is being snuffed out."
"Damn, they're going for blood." Joc frowned and then looked dead at Granger. Fear was in his eyes, because Granger could also be a target. If they were foolish enough.
Granger's eyes grew heavy, and he stumbled back.
"Man, you okay?" Joc's voice brought Granger back to earth. He looked around and noticed Geo taking out his gun.
"We have company." Geo's words, although informative, commanded them all into action. Granger dropped down on the ground. The moment his eyes grew heavy, signaled someone was trying to plant a mental link inside of his head--and evidently Geo's as well. Maybe all of theirs, but only a few would be strong enough to notice it.
Granger scrambled behind his Benz as shots rang out in the distance. "Augh!" Wolfe's voice carried from the other side. Moving low to see what he could in the dark, Granger noticed that Wolfe was on the ground, holding his bleeding leg. Granger crawled over to the man and began to make a tourniquet with his suit jacket.
"Can ya … work yer mojo from here?" Wolfe groaned, hissing in air.
"Yeah, but it will take a while."
"Do it. Don't worry 'bout me." Clearly in pain, he pushed Granger away, more worried about everyone else than himself. "I'll give ya cover," he grated. That was comforting, considering that Wolfe was the best shot Granger had ever met.
Light flashed in the distance as Troy used his powers of distraction, illuminating the shooters' position and throwing off their focus. Granger concentrated on the direction of the shooting and began to find every last one of the shooters. Eleven in all. All from River. All of them trackers able to track energy signatures and follow mental images. Two were shot dead. Nine left. Geo and Joc closed in. 
Geo's speed and agility alone could have been a power, but his ability lay in seeing an opponent's weakness and using it against him. He didn't need to pinpoint these agents' weaknesses to take them down. Seven remaining. Seven was more than Granger was used to at once, but now was as good a time as any to find out if his enlightenment paid off. He began to possess them, unraveling the strings that formed their wills. Amid all the chaos, the unraveling took longer than he wished, but he was gathering their information faster as he adapted. One was starting to struggle, and two others were shot dead. Then another started to struggle. Geo killed two more, and Granger's grip on one of the gunmen loosened before the possession was complete.
Granger reached for his gun and went after the man while still concentrating on the remaining three. Damn. One had gotten free and was running from him. But he stopped. Granger could feel his fear, could see through his eyes, as Geo came down on him like a bear, snapping his neck and severing what little hold Granger had on the man. That was the only way out for all of those completely possessed--death. 
The two remaining stopped struggling as Granger completely gained control of their wills. Approaching them, he could feel their fear, their regret. There was always regret. He drank in their past, bathed in their present, seeing who they were and what knowledge they held without any resistance. Now all he needed to do was let them go, let them live their lives, report to Mary if they liked. But they instinctively understood what to say and what not to say; Granger made sure of that. And all of their information would come back to him, no matter where they were. They were his as long as they lived, and he could tighten or loosen the chains at will. But they would never be free. Not because Granger liked it that way; he didn't. That was just how it worked. He could shut them out, ignore them as if they were never there, but they would always know he was present; they would always feel that bond. They would learn to live with it, maybe even like it, depend on it.
"Hell, man, you're scary," Troy said, looking at Granger.
"Wolfe's been shot." Granger didn't have time to express his fears. They ran over to the group of cars. Geo was already by Wolfe on the phone, calling his sister Cee. She seemed to be urging him to bring Wolfe by the house, and Geo was refusing. Good move. There was no guarantee that they weren't being followed.
"Take him to Falls Street," Troy breathed, looking worried.
"No way. Ollie has that place locked down like Fort Knox. He's a bleeder, and by the time we get in there, you'll be dead." Geo clearly didn't like his choices. "The only other place is Pointe--"
"Are you shittin' me? If you take him there, Ollie'll kick all our asses for this, especially since Wolfe got hurt." Troy's laid-back personality was gone.
"I don't know. I ain't blood." Wolfe frowned.
"It wouldn't matter." Troy cursed again. "You're family."
"Let me worry about Ollie." Geo clearly wasn't worried about her.
By their reactions, the family expected the same menace from Ollie that Granger saw in her.
"Cee, Troy is coming to pick you up. Meet him two blocks up," Geo said before hanging up the phone.
"That will leave the kids defenseless." Troy frowned, displeased.
"Joc and I have people guarding the place," Geo told him as he dialed his cell. "Ellis," he said into the phone. He looked dead at Troy, urging him to go. "I need you to do something for me."


()()()


Sweat dripped down Ollie's back and down the cleft of her bosom as she fought back the pain. It wasn't going to hinder her, and it wasn't going to make her lie down in her room when she wanted to be at Geo's throat. She danced with her image in the mirror, throwing punches, snapping kicks, and dancing to the hip-hop playing on her stereo system. She wasn't going to quit until she was completely exhausted, because her mind wouldn't let her rest.
Something was going on--something that involved her. Geo wasn't willing to share, and her urge to know about it was burning under her skin. Even though she should be trying to keep down the urges for Mama's sake and for the kids, it was impossible to let go. His head on a pike, that was all she needed. Or on a silver platter. Gold was too yellow and flashy. Too expensive too. Then again, she could find out how to shrink it and carry it as a key chain. Now, wouldn't that be a novelty? The latest trend. Geo-head good luck charms. Then again, his head wouldn't sell for pennies.
When the music stopped, Ollie spun around, her punch flying into her twin's face. He caught it in his right hand as he held out a bottle of water with his left.
"Replenish before you dehydrate." He frowned.
She took it, lowering her guard. He was always trying to take care of her. If she didn't know down in her gut that he was her twin, she would swear the man was her father. Twisting off the cap, she placed the spout to her lips and drank. Taking long pulls from it, she watched as Ellis went to the weapons rack and picked up a bo staff. Putting it down, he walked over to the mirror and leaned forward against it, head down on his arm. When he looked up at her in the mirror, Ollie stopped drinking. There was regret, pure pain in his eyes. An apology.
Ollie felt her body grow heavy. The room began to blur as she looked down at the water bottle.
She screamed before throwing the bottle across the room at him. Of course, she missed.


()()()


There was nothing but fog as Ollie lay between dreams and the morning sun. Vaguely she remembered the last thing before going blank. The water bottle. Ollie's head didn't hurt, so she hadn't hit the floor after passing out. That only meant Ellis had moved fast enough to catch her. So the only question that slowly came to surface was why. Why had he drugged her?
She lay for a long time, looking at the window. Whatever they had drugged her with was still lingering in her system. She dozed off again, only to wake up around lunchtime. She vaguely remembered hearing the door open. Probably someone checking on her. Taking a bathroom break, Ollie felt some of herself return. She went back to the bed but didn't lie down, hearing voices coming from the living area. She wanted to crawl back into bed and sleep the rest of the poison out of her system, but she was hungry.
She brushed her hands over her frizzy curls before heading for the door. As soon as her door opened, the chatter stopped. Groggily she walked out into the area. Geo was on the couch facing the stairs, and Granger sat on the couch facing the kitchen. Granger? She continued to the kitchen, where Ellis, Cee, and Troy sat around the kitchen table. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw another figure in the living area. She turned to see Wolfe in her white armchair with his leg wrapped and resting on her ottoman. Cee was here, and Wolfe's leg was wrapped. Hmmm … Ollie continued to the kitchen. They were so silent, as if at any moment, they expected the worst. Damn, this was better than actually going off. 
She took two slices of bread from the loaf on the counter and placed them in the toaster. Footsteps thumped behind her, coming instead of going. It had to be Joc. Ollie went to a cabinet and pulled down a glass before filling it with water from the sink. It was too early to try to drink any from a bottle.
Once the toast was ready, she took the apricot preserves out of the refrigerator and slathered each piece before cramming it in her mouth, bite by bite. She turned to the silent bunch before drinking her water. Yep, she was right: Joc was sitting on the stairs, looking prepared. For what? Didn't these people have some where to be, like someplace else, keeping secrets from her?
Drained, she walked back to her room, not feeling up to any retaliation.


()()()


When the door to Ollie's room shut with a quiet click, the air came back into the room. Looking at the stone figures that had replaced the live people, Granger had expected a monster to bust out from the wall and slaughter every last one of them. But instead …
"Something's wrong." Geo frowned. He had volunteered last night to take on Ollie's fury, and now that she had none, he was disappointed. So was Granger; he had kind of hoped to see what the big deal was. Joc headed downstairs, stating that he would rather be in a hurricane.
"Leave it alone, Geo," Ellis said, flipping the page of his book.
"She is too quiet," Troy agreed.
"That's my only warning," Ellis sighed.
"Noted," Geo said, standing up. "But it isn't good for her to hold it in."
Was he encouraging her wrath? Granger looked at Cee, who looked equally perplexed. Everyone turned to watch Geo go into the room. Granger could feel the pressure rising, like conditions preceding a tornado.
The silence only lasted a moment, and a noise came from the room. A wrecking ball had made its debut. There was a grunt or two, but mostly just crashing and crunching. The door swung open, and Geo stumbled backward out of the doorway, falling on his ass, sliding back. His cheek had a knot on it already. The man had gone through the grinder. His shirt looked like he'd pulled it out of the trash. The sight that came through the door next was nothing Granger expected.
Ollie's face was completely calm. Almost … serene.
"I can accept being cooped up here. But you will not keep info from me." Resolve was locked in her voice. "And Wolfe?" The calm was so damn eerie that Granger began to shiver. "You got our brother hurt. Not. Acceptable." Granger could only watch as she walked to a wooden chair by her bedroom door and picked it up. Not good.
Just as Geo struggled to get up, she swung the chair into his chest. He fell backward, coughing. She set down the chair over his chest; the legs of the chair separated his torso from his arms, pinning him to the floor. Sitting on the chair, foot on his shoulder, she looked over the room. She pointed to each one of the stunned figures and then thumbed toward the staircase, showing them the exit. Granger looked over his shoulder and noticed that the room was moving. He took the cue. Everyone was headed to the staircase except Geo, who was still pinned down under the chair, coughing, and Ellis, who rose slowly from the table. Ollie's eyes were locked on her twin like a vise grip.
Once down on the third floor, everyone looked at each other as the noise coming from upstairs grew louder and louder. Granger noticed that Wolfe was holding Cee as she closed her eyes and buried her head in his chest. Troy leaned against the wall, shaking his head repeatedly. Ollie was no hurricane or tornado; she was her own natural disaster. There was such calm amid the brutality, as if it were completely natural.
"Now you see why I didn't want to be here," Joc said, coming up the stairs. "You think this is bad? You should've seen the hurting she put on me. I still have nightmares." He laughed.
"Better than the bruising we wanted to give you." Cee's normally calm and gentle eyes turned cold as she shot a glance at him. No matter what, Joc was enemy number one when it came to their family.
He could tell that even Ellis feared his sister.
Though Granger figured Geo could probably handle her, he'd had some doubt when he saw the man, a formidable opponent and very skilled fighter, crumple out of her room like a rag doll.
"I remember when she took our brother Hood out like--" Troy snapped his finger.
Granger was shocked. He had met their brother Hood. He was a big name in politics and an excellent military officer for Blade. "I thought you said she was weak at hand-to-hand." Granger said.
"Ollie fights dirty. Plays to win. That's all I'll say." Troy's face grew grim, remembering the earlier incident. Granger blocked the man out of his head.
It wasn't a long wait. Granger noticed that the noise had stopped. Total silence.
A choir of male voices came from upstairs "Cee!" The sister tore away from Wolfe. Everyone followed her upstairs.
Ollie was lying in the floor. Ellis, looking frantic, was squatting beside her with a busted lip. Geo was pacing, rubbing his arms.
"What did you do?" Cee screamed.
"Sh-she just p-p-passed out." Ellis was a mess, as if none of the bruises on his body hurt as much as seeing his sister lying in the floor.
Cee began to look her over. Taking in the air around her, her hands hovered over Ollie's body, letting her energy pass through to her sister, healing like she had healed Wolfe.
Granger didn't notice a scratch on her, even though the room looked a mess. Broken lamps, tossed chairs. Cushions from the sofa, splayed. Blood was splattered on one of the white walls. Damn.
"Troy." Cee waved him over. Immediately he swept in to pick up Ollie and went to Ellis's room. They went inside and shut the door as Ellis sat shaking.
"This isn't good." Geo ran his hand over his head. "It's getting worse."
Ellis head snapped up. "Worse?"
"E, listen," Geo began, but Ellis was up off the floor, headed for Geo, who stooped in a fighting stance. This was what he expected from Geo: no mercy.
"Worse." Ellis was like a bulldozer, but Geo grabbed hold of him, ignoring his height, and slammed him against the wall so hard that the floors vibrated. This was the Geo Granger knew.
Geo dragged his brother up the stairs to the roof, where they could finish in private.


()()()


Geo tossed his brother onto the gravel of the roof.
"Think," Geo commanded as Ellis struggled to get up. "Use that brilliant brain of yours and think. You cannot do this right now." Geo watched as the twin stopped struggling and sat quietly, defeated.
"Ollie needs you strong. We need you strong. Stop losing yourself when it comes to her. She cannot deal with this. Nor can we."
"You have no right keeping this from me." He clutched his stomach, where he'd got the better part of Ollie's anger.
"She could have told you. She could have told all of us, but she didn't. The only reason I know is because Ric called. We didn't tell you because of this." He frowned down as his brother. Ellis needed to collect himself. They didn't have time for any more family squabbles. This wasn't the time. "I see now that I was wrong to keep information from her. It only made her internalize her anger toward me too long."
"And drugging her didn't help," Ellis sighed. "What do we do?"
"I was considering getting Granger's help."
"Hell no."
The curse that sprang from Ellis shocked Geo. His brother didn't curse often, and when he did, it was never like. It was too crude, like Ollie.
"Granger is a fourth-level and has a wealth of knowledge that may help her."
"He gets nowhere near my sister." Ellis had staked his claim, which meant there was no wavering for him.
"It isn't your call."
"Arrr!" Ellis tried to stand up, only to sit back down. The pain from his beating had already set in.
"If Ollie agrees, he will see her."
"Geo." There was a plea in his growl, and a warning.
"Do you want to help our sister?" Geo put out his hand to help him up. Ellis turned his head away from him. "Do you want the pain and suffering to stop?"
Ellis sighed, easing up as he turned his head back. He took Geo's hand. After being hauled up, Ellis' grip clamped down hard. "If he possesses her, I will make sure you hurt until your last breath." Ellis's eyes were dead. Geo had no doubt that he would try. The twin would kill for his sister, even kill his own.
When they went back down to the living area, Cee was outside the room with a nasty look on her face. She beckoned to Geo with her index finger. This wasn't good. When he approached her, she met his eyes with hostility. It was a rare moment in Cee's life when she bore hostility.
"You didn't tell me she was bruising again." Her tone was low but angry.
"Ollie doesn't want it to be a big deal."
"Geo, it's all on her right side and on her back. The … the thing is huge."
Damn it, it spread, he thought. 
She continued, "Send her on vacation. Find her some help. You cannot keep her here under these conditions. You can't let this stress keep touching her." She was on the verge of crying.
"Cee, listen."
"No, you listen. If something happens to her, Geo, I will be the second--if not the first--to take it out of you. Do something." If the pressure wasn't bad before, it was boiling now. What was he to do? Damn you, Ollie.


()()()


Ollie groaned, opening her eyes. Wiggling, she felt a blanket against her skin and sighed. The pain had hit her so hard that everything had gone black. Everything. She'd thought she could hold it back, but it had busted through her defenses and flooded her whole body. It was obvious from the stinging in her lower back that the bruise had spread. She could only imagine what Ellis was doing now. Geo probably would have to shoot him with a dart gun. An elephant tranq would do the trick.
"You're awake." Geo's voice made her sit up. He was sitting on the white wicker chair opposite the bed where she lay. His face was healed, and he had on new clothes. Another damned suit.
"How long was I out?" Her words came dry.
"An hour, maybe less." He was fully healed in less than an hour. Either Cee was getting better or Ollie hadn't worked him over well enough.
"What do you want?" Ollie leaned forward, taking the pressure off of her back.
"To know how my sister is doing." He spoke sincerely. It didn't matter.
"Kiss my ass."
"Ollie--"
"Unless you're puckering up, I want to hear nothing from you." She wanted to hear nothing at all. Silence was golden right now. Sound seemed to make the sting vibrate. This sucked. He sat quietly, but now it was awkward. She looked at him, seeing sadness in those amber eyes. Awwww, damn. He was worried. She could only imagine the looks on the others' faces. Ollie picked up a pillow from behind her and threw it at him. He caught it. "Stop it," she said.
He fluffed the pillow and tossed it back on the bed. "Ollie, we-"
"I know." She gritted her teeth in an attempt to hold back her frustration, but it was useless. She was the one in pain. And the one who had to deal with the bruise on her skin. Sympathy wouldn't help, and she wanted none of it.
"I want you to talk to Granger."
She froze. Geo, her big brother, wanted her to seek help outside of the family? The very one that had told her never to tell anyone?
"I hope you didn't pass this by Ellis."
"Yeah, he hates the idea, but it isn't his choice." Geo frowned. "I don't want this to happen myself, but …" He was running out of ideas. So was she.
"He probably has a gun to Granger's head as we speak." Ollie could almost see it.
"Troy is keeping an eye on him for me." Geo sighed before putting on his hard exterior and standing up. "So?"
"So." Fine, what did she have to lose? Oh, yeah, her soul. Ollie just grinned.
"What?"
"Nothing. Send Ellis in here before you send Granger in," she told him. He nodded and left. Moments later, Ellis came in, brooding. Time to play nice. "Close the door." After he did, he turned around and looked at the floor and not once at her. Fine. She would wait until he was ready.
He shoved his hands into his jeans pockets. He stood as tall as the door, and his jeans were so long that they bunched around his sneakers. His green polo shirt was not tucked in as usual. If it weren't for the dark expression on his face, he would almost look comfortable.
It wasn't long before his eyes shifted up at her. "Well, you should get this over with." He exhaled.
Ollie shrugged. "Fine." 
"Fine?" Ellis growled. There was the reaction she was looking for: disapproval.
"What are you so worried about?" She moved to the side of the bed, placing her feet on the floor.
"What do you think?" He began to pace. And there was that nervous energy.
"Tell me."
He stopped pacing. He didn't answer, and he looked into the distance, thinking over his actions. 
"Ellis, I can't hide from him. If anyone outside the family sees me as I am, it's him. And if he wanted my soul, he'd have it by now. I'm not worried."
"You are never worried." He gritted his teeth, holding back a heap of anxiety.
Come on, let it out, she thought. "Do you wonder why?" 
Ellis shook his head and looked up at the ceiling. 
"Leave the man alone. If you want, I'll let you beat on Joc."
"Promise?" Ellis grinned wickedly, and Ollie laughed.
"If it's easier for you, make sure no one interrupts. When I'm ready I'll let you know how I am." Ollie stood up. "I'm going to take a shower. I'll let him in when I'm finished."
"Fully clothed, please." Ellis's eyes narrowed. 
"E!" Ollie laughed. "I'll try not to embarrass you."
"Fine," he said, leaving. 
He was still concerned, but he would ease up slowly.
Ollie showered, letting the peppermint bodywash open her senses. It always woke her up. According to some hoopla Ellis had read, peppermint was medicinal. But Ollie loved the cooling sensation it gave her skin. It felt like it was purifying her, cleaning away the evil. But nothing was strong enough to do that. The only thing close was her family. 
Standing in front of the bathroom mirror, she wiped off the steam before looking down at the bruise. There was nothing Granger could do, but she didn't know how to tell Geo and Ellis or any of her family. She didn't have the heart to explain to them that it was hopeless. Because in truth, she didn't care. They feared for her welfare because they didn't understand her. If they understood her, this wouldn't even be an issue.


"You should take better care of yourself," Ric had told her after another fight in high school at the age of sixteen.
"If you don't think I am taking care of myself you should see the other guy." She had laughed as Ellis held an ice pack on her arm because she wouldn't do it.
"Ollie, this isn't healthy. You're self-destructive. Deliberately hurting yourself because of what happened when--"
"What the hell? Are you psychoanalyzing me, Dr. Ricardo Mason?" Ollie had sneered. "I didn't cause that fight. I ended it. He wanted my brother's blood, just 'cause his skanky girlfriend had a stupid crush on Ellis. Don't worry--I was the one suspended, not Ellis. He'll graduate this year. His place in Oxford is secured."
"I'm not worried about Ellis, I'm worried about you. We all are."
"Why? I know my past like I know my future. Hell, I know everyone's future. We die." She'd laughed.
Ellis had shaken his head. "Ollie, you are not listening."
"I'm tired of listening." She had snatched the ice pack from Ellis and thrown it at Ric. "The problem's that you idiots aren't listening to me. I am what the hell I am. Crooked, twisted, broken, whatever. I ain't in line to be fixed. Damn, if you want the perfect sister, you got Cee, Vlad, and Angel." She had stood up to leave. "Y'all some bitches."


The bruise was right above her buttocks, covering the lower portion of her right side and her back. Damn, it was dark. And it stung to touch. It was worse than the ones that had formed on her thigh over a year ago. But the pain would subside; it was what would be left behind that would be her reminder. She looked down at her legs and sighed before going back to her room and dressing. How long would she be able to hide it? Damn near forever, if she could help it.
Dressed in some loose, black sweatpants and large, purple T-shirt, Ollie slipped on some socks before heading for the door. When she opened it, she saw Cee and Wolfe kissing by the stairway. The bandage on Wolfe's leg was gone. Cee was getting better at healing.
"You leaving?" Ollie called to her. Wolfe wrapped his arms around Cee, and she nodded. "Be safe."
Cee broke away from Wolfe and walked up to Ollie. She grabbed Ollie's face between her hands, kissing her on the forehead. Usually she got a hug, but because of the bruise, that wouldn't happen. So thoughtful, her sister.
"Take care of my brothers and husband," Cee said. 
"You know I will." 
Cee never worried about her openly, because she had threatened her sister. The woman was a worrywart, and she wanted off of her sister's list. So she had told Cee not to let her know if she worried--but Ollie's exact words were far harsher.
The rest of the group was in the living area. It looked like Geo and Ellis were playing chess; Geo was on one couch, Ellis on the other, while the chessboard sat on a chair, since she had broken the coffee table. The stares they gave each other were the only indication of play. Joc watched, trying to figure out how they did it with only a game board, and no pieces. 
Ollie laughed, knowing that the curiosity would wear off once he couldn't keep up with the game. It was good that Geo had volunteered to occupy Ellis's attention. 
Granger was in the other bedroom with the door wide open, sleeping on the bed.
Ollie decided not to bother Granger and headed down to the second floor to the security terminal. Wolfe had walked Cee to her car, so he wouldn't be back for awhile. Checking out the computer, she accessed her e-mail. A reply had come back from Alice_in_Wales. It seemed that "Alice" hadn't considered expanding but would look into it. Ollie grinned to herself. 
"Hey, Beautiful, what's up?" 
She glanced up at Joc, who was coming from the stairs, looking at her suspiciously.
"Minding my business." She said as she quickly replied to the e-mail (Let me know how things work out.) before turning her attention to the television screen that was stuck on sports.
Joc sat down in the swivel chair beside her. "Ollie?" 
She felt his eyes on her. "Hmmm?" It was clear what he wanted.
"Do you ever think you can forgive me enough to consider--"
"No." There was no way she was going back down that road, when there were so many other reliable avenues.
"I can't let go as easily as you have." Pain touched his voice. Ollie would've laughed, but she was afraid that her pain would worsen, and she didn't want him worrying about her. He had no right to it.
"Let go, Joc. It's healthier for both of us. I may not respect you anymore, but I don't want my family pounding you to dust because you think you still care for me."
"And there's nothing I can do?"
Ollie looked down at him, into his outward-slanted eyes, to make sure he understood her perfectly. "Not a damn thing." But she still saw hope in his eyes, for some reason. Fool.
"Hey." Wolfe walked over to the terminal, "Git outta my seat."
Joc looked up at the man with a curled lip and narrowed eyes. His body tensed, preparing for action.
"You ain't stupid. You heard me, sure nuff."
"Wolfe." Ollie stood up, grabbed the man's arm, and pulled him back before Joc got up in his face.
"Yeah, awright. Fine." Wolfe frowned. "But ya need me, holler." He turned to head upstairs. 
Wolfe couldn't beat Joc, and if he tried, he would only get his ass whipped. Then her brothers would be pissed off and gang up on Joc--if she didn't kill him first. Then Granger would have to step in. A mess. Why was Joc still hanging around? His very presence was a damn catalyst for some serious craziness. 
But she had far more important issues to worry about right now. Like finding out what was happening outside these walls.
She looked down at the troublemaker. His eyes were fixed on her, completely into her. Well, hell, there would be no television today. Ollie went up the stairs and met Granger heading down. They stopped.
"When do you want to do this?" he asked. He looked groggy and had disapproval all over his face. It always had been clear that he didn't like her. He would make sure they finished as fast as humanly possible, so that he could get as far away from her as possible. She was surprised that he even had accepted the task. 
"No time like the present." Let's get this over with. Leading him upstairs, she let him in the room first before closing the door. "Sit where you want." He sat down on the white wicker chair with pristine posture, hard and ridged. Ollie went to the bed; sitting down, she folded her legs under her.
After a long, staring silence, he shook his head, "Are you going to tell me what I'm supposed to be helping you with?"
"Nope, you'll have to figure it out." He had the ability, and she wanted to see the extent of it.
His frown deepened. Yeah, he really didn't like this. "You don't care about what I'll see."
"You've read me before. I figured you got all you needed then."
"Like Geo, you are hard to read."
"So we do have something in common." She had to laugh. Mama always said the two of them were more alike than Ollie thought.
"I'd prefer not to read you." His words were flat. Because Granger would prefer not to be in the same room with her.
"You might want to prefer it, because if I've got to explain, that'd require me stripping, and I know you wouldn't feel comfortable with that."
His brow loosened, and his eyes widened slightly. That had got his attention. No matter how strong he was, he was still a man. "Then we'll do it your way." The gray of his eyes became like glitter--a silver disco ball. The change was subtle and hypnotic. Glitter transitioned to a solid iris of polished silver. That captivated her. She couldn't feel him reading her, but his eyes made her feel completely bare. She grinned as chills went up her spine.
His eyes were not the only thing about him that amazed her. Growing up, she didn't have many idols; she'd followed her own path for most of her days. But when she'd learned about Augustus Granger, she was instantly captivated by him. Most Structure children and teenagers were. Even adults were in awe of him. At the age of ten, he became a House of Heart prodigy, completely devoted to enlightenment. His father, Marlon Granger, was a multi-million-dollar real-estate developer well known in the Structure for his talents in the business world. It was said that though the man didn't approve of his son's pursuits, he allowed it only because his son's popularity was good for business. 
Granger had totally mastered Level Two by the age of fifteen and was done mastering Level Three of enlightenment by the age of twenty-five. It was a major milestone in the Structure. In Structure history, no one that young had ever learned to master Level Three. That was the first time she learned about him, and she had followed his story ever since. She had just turned thirteen and started training to work in the underground. 
He was between Level Two and Level Three when his father insisted he give up his ideals and work for him. And it was a choice the retired real-estate mogul soon regretted. 
During that time, at the age of seventeen, Granger lost his mother. She was the driving force of his enlightenment. After his father put Granger in charge of the underground portion of his business, Granger not only took his father's clientele, branching off with his own business, but he reached Level Four enlightenment, all by the age of thirty-two, breaking yet another record.
Now at the age of forty, Granger was practically the underground and the giant behind Grandia Properties--casinos, clubs, and hotels. Most of them were fronts for his underground operations. He had the kind of connections and influence that got presidents elected and that buried corporations. There were few with more power than him, and that was not even counting his abilities.
Many stories circulated about his abilities. Like how he was able to read a person's soul and even possess it; he was able to make people puppets if he chose. He didn't seem real, but here he sat, reading hers. She wondered what he saw and how powerful he truly was. How close was he to Pillar status?
The silver began to dull as the gray returned. He took in a deep breath, rubbing his eyes. "Give me a moment." He closed his eyes and leaned back his head.
"Okay. Whatever."
"You show no fear and no resistance, and still I can only read surface thoughts, memories, and emotions without causing discomfort." 
He could see all that, just on the surface? 
"Yes, I can." He had answered her without looking up. 
Damn, how awesome was he? 
"There is something wrong. Even in those with higher levels, I haven't had this much trouble." He lifted his head.
Ollie began to see what the problem was. She'd had her defenses up the whole time, hoping he could see around them. But if security cameras couldn't, what made her think Granger could?
"What do you mean by your 'defenses'?" He frowned at her. 
Damn, she liked him reading her mind as much as she liked it when Mama did it. It took the guesswork right out of everything.
"Try again." Ollie said, closing her eyes.

()()()



9



When she didn't open her eyes, Granger began his reading. Reaching inside of her, he noticed something was different. A veil had lifted, and the foggy images were clearer now and less elusive. He reached beyond her knowledge of her mother, the Oracle, her worry for her twin, and her distain for Joc. It was the menace within her that always stopped him, not letting him go farther. The sea of darkness that had held him back now seemed to welcome him. Diving in, he navigated memories of family, memories of missions, and memories of childhood. 


"Mama," twenty-year-old Ric said quietly at the kitchen table as the woman fixed dinner. "When I picked her up from school, the principal had her in his office again. Another fight, this time with a group of girls. And of course Ellis was in there with her."
"Did they win?" the woman asked.
Ric laughed.
"Well, that's one less thing we need to worry about."
"Troy's mother expressed a … concern that Troy is starting to pick up … bad habits." Ric continued.
"Like?"
"She asked him to help her wash the dishes, and Troy replied, 'Wait a few more weeks until they sprout arms and legs, so they can wash themselves.' Needless to say, he was punished for that comment." Ric sighed. The woman tried to stifle a giggle. "Mama, this is serious."
"I know," she said before laughing, "but just imagine the smell."
"I think we need to separate Ellis from her to keep him from getting into any more trouble," Ric suggested.
"No. He would fight us every step of the way." She grew silent. "Come on in, Ollie." 
Ollie had been crouching in the hallway, listening. She made her way into the kitchen.
"Sit," said Mama. The woman turned to look at the eight-year-old girl. Ollie lifted up her hand to cover her cheek. "I already know it's there."
"They said Ellis looks funny because he's mixed and Troy isn't my brother because his skin is darker. I told them they were retarded and stupid. They think they know everything, and--"
The shaman's hand went up to stop her. "What did I tell you?"
"They are just words," Ollie recited, rolling her eyes.
"So why didn't you ignore them?" The woman looked over the girl with those knowing eyes.
"I hate them."
Ric stepped forward. "Ollie--"
"No one talks about my family and gets away with it!" she shouted.
"Ric, go call your brother."
"Are you …?"
"We'll be fine." She smiled at him. He looked at Ollie with hard eyes.
"He hates me," Ollie said after he left.
"No, he's worried."
"About everyone else."
"No, dear. Because he doesn't understand you."
Ollie scoffed, "What's to understand?"
The shaman came over to the table and sat down. "Olivia, listen to me, and listen carefully--"
"I don't care."
"I know. And in truth, I'm glad. It means you have a mind of your own. However, you must learn to control your tongue and your actions before you hurt someone worse. You have power--power people fear. Power that can do harm to others if not used appropriately. So you must show restraint. Do you know what that means?"
"I think so."
"Tell me."
"Having power does not mean using power," she recited. "Knowing you have the power is power in itself."
"Just because you can beat up those girls does not mean you should. Delight in the fact."
"That I can smack them anytime I feel like it."
The shaman grinned, biting her lip. "Exactly."


Several days later, Geo had come home to start Ollie and Ellis on self-defense training to help her build self-discipline. It was her first step toward being Fire Eye.


Geo ground his teeth as he looked down at her in pure frustration. She had managed to out-shoot him again. It was no longer luck.
She grinned up in his face. "Not only can I out-load and out-shoot you, I'm a better aim," she taunted.
"And still you cannot manage to get past my defenses without cheating."
"One milestone at a time, Grand Exalted One." She was now sixteen, bored with school, and itching to learn more about the underground.
"Are you confident you want her to start work in this business? Is it safe?" Ellis frowned, rubbing his hand over one of his arms repeatedly, clearly not liking the idea. He was always such a worrywart.
"You can come with me Ellis. Just think, we'll be a team." She grinned.
"It's simple," Geo reassured him.
"Sending two adolescents overseas to Europe, neither one recalling ever being on a airplane, for the sake of delivering a disk of information, with no knowledge of its contents--to a man, might I add, that we have never met or seen--this is your idea of simple?"
"Ollie will do all the grunt work, and you'll be her … advisor. I trust you two."
"Yeah, E, this will be soooo much fun. Come on," she encouraged, tugging his arm. "Our first mission. Just think, soon we will be working for Augustus Granger," she squealed.
"Fine."


That was the mission that not only had introduced her to the underground but also to her mother's family in Europe, and she had learned about the life that Olivia Ellington lived before she died. 
They were both named after their mother--a gift from the shaman after they had come to live with her. A name change? Why would they need a name change? Granger waded through the darkness of memories to find a closet door. A memory that was a shrine in her soul.
It was her central focus. Her drive was all coming from this one area. Getting closer to the door, he became a young girl of about the age of five, playing with her twin. The young boy read while she played with dolls around him. Suddenly large hands grabbed her, alarming her twin. The boy rose from the floor as a young woman grabbed him, hugging him, letting him know it would be okay. The girl was carried down a hallway and taken upstairs to a room. Into the closet. Confusion coursed through the tiny girl as she reached out to the closing door. Then it locked. The sea of darkness was so overwhelming that Granger pulled out of Ollie's presence.
The darkness had lasted forever in that moment. Though for him it was only minutes, it felt like days. Days without food, without water. Days of tears, of darkness. Her cries and pleas had turned to silence. Loneliness and fear was ever-present.
Shaking, his eyes focused on Ollie, whose head was hanging; she was snoozing. Granger didn't want to pry further, but that darkness had grabbed hold of him, pulling him to learn more. After his mind was settled, Granger closed his eyes and focused his mind on her, going back into the darkness again. He felt the hunger stabbing at her stomach from days without food. Exhaustion was in her whole body from clawing at the door. As she rocked back and forth, the pleas of her brother came through the door, offering her a glimmer of hope. She cried with him as he struggled with the door. Someone yelled at him to get away from it. Then a door closed, leaving her to the endless darkness once again. She was cold and motionless, and her shivers were the only sign of life. Traces of light came from under the door--her only indication of daylight. A splinter of hope.
Then light came, but it came with pain in her eyes, and the hands grabbed for her again--not to take her anywhere, but to strip her, violate her, creating a new wave of confusion and horror. She was too weak to struggle; a stream of tears burned her cheek. Her mind slowly crumbled as her limp body was bruised, raped, fondled. The splinter of hope was disintegrating.
Granger pulled out of Ollie's mind and headed for the bathroom. He had seen horrible sights before, and still he couldn't come to terms with such disgust. He leaned over the sink and splashed his face with cold water. It made no sense. Why? Why would anyone do that to a child? To Ollie? And Ellis? But he had been spared. Why was he spared? This was the reason he was so protective. It had to be. Was it guilt?
After focusing his mind and taking several cleansing breaths, he went back into the room. Ollie was lying comfortably asleep on the bed. After what he had just seen, how could she be so comfortable? But there was more. Taking a seat on the floor, Granger forced himself to finish it. He shoved his mind back to that place, that room, the abuse and the torture. There was about two days of it, and still no food or water was given to her. Her body and mind became no more than a shell. 
 Then something snapped. 
A change came, with searing pain that shot through her foot and leg as the man began to scream. The young woman came into the room, grabbed the girl, and locked her in the closet. 
There were screams, the most horrifying screams, and … she found peace in the noise. For the next few days, slices of bread and saucers of water came through the slit under the door. Her twin was trying to feed her even though she was too weak to feed herself. But the young woman caught him, and she didn't hear from him again. Now the dark was tangible, as real as her heavy body and the pain strangling her. Not even light passed through the cracks. Just the dark, caressing her. Caring for her as she let it take her completely. 
Warmth?
A warm glow washed over her, caring for her, taking over where the darkness had left off. Her mind was whole and her body became light as the warmth filled her and the glow became her. The pain was gone, as if it never had been. Peace was hers. True peace.
But gravity came back, slamming her on the cold ground, sucking air into her lungs. Seeing tubes and machinery hooked to her, she tried to understand, but she didn't. Nothing made sense--not the closet, the cruelty, or the darkness. But her twin, he lay beside her, curled up in slumber. And there was a new face, the one she would later call Mama.


"As far as the authorities know, she and the boy died of neglect," a voice she would later identify as Geo said.
"And her guardian?"
"In jail. Child abuse and murder charges. The man was institutionalized. Clinical insanity. I'm not quite sure how that happened. But now the kids will need new names."
"Good. I didn't like the names they were given anyway." The woman smiled down at the girl. "Hello, sweetie." The woman held her own hands, as if trying to keep herself from touching the little girl. "You have had a rough week, but you made it." The woman reached out, but the girl jerked away. The woman just smiled with sad eyes, dropping her hands. "I knew better. Forgive me. It's a mother's impulse." The woman sighed and stared at her, transfixed. "You have such beautiful eyes, little one. So … beautiful …"


Hearing a yawn, Granger opened his eyes.
"Sorry, didn't mean to go to sleep on you." She sat up and looked around, then down at him. "So, did you figure it out yet?"
She had changed again. The flow of information was cut off.
"Not yet." The information was so vast that it would take a while before he could gather enough to understand how he was going to help her. But something kept nagging at him. How could her mind hold so much knowledge, and how was she able to recall it so readily? A normal mind gathered information and stored it but could hardly retrieve even a tenth of it. She had the potential to retrieve more than half. That was the type of mental development a higher-level enlightened would have. But if Ollie was that developed, he would have picked up on it from their first meeting. Or even now.
"Go ahead and get something to eat," he said, feeling her hunger. "I will continue from here."
"You can do that?" She glowed. Why did she find him so fascinating?
"The deeper I go, the easier it gets." He breathed, closing his eyes.
"Tell me more when I get back. Oh, did you want anything? I'm going to get E to cook!"
"He's that good a cook, huh?" he laughed, reading her thoughts.
"Damn, that is so awesome." She laughed with him.
"Whatever you get him to fix is fine." He let his smile die, not interested in getting acquainted with her. And though she couldn't read him like he could read her, she read his face well enough to know not to think they were forming any kind of bond. 
She poked her head out the door. "Y'all finished yet?" she asked.
"I'll have him in five moves," Geo answered, and a curse came from Ellis.
"Good. E, could you make dinner?"
"Hell, yeah!" Wolfe's shout shook the building. "If ya need a hand, say the word." 
Ellis chuckled. "What would you like?" Ellis's heavy voice held concern. And it wasn't concern for her meal request.
"Make your magic, man." A smile danced in her voice. She lingered by the door.
"Everything okay?" Geo asked, walking up to her.
"Fine. He just needs to relax," Ollie answered. "He acts like I'm going to jump him any moment."
"Maybe he's worried Ellis will."
Actually, Granger was more concerned about Ellis than ever. After what he had seen, Granger might also kill for any sister of his that was ever touched. If he had a sister.
"I'll behave myself, if you promise to occupy E," she said. There was a long pause, and then she closed the door.
"He has every right to be protective of you," Granger said, staring at the wall.
"Really? So you saw some things about me. Big deal." She sat back on the bed. Her legs dangled in front of him. "But you are good at not sharing, so …"
"Nothing leaves this room," he assured her.
"Thank you."
"That's why he's such a good cook. Because he never wants you to go hungry again." Granger watched as she rubbed her arms.
"You saw that, did you?" She shrugged off his words, but he felt the sliver of regret before she quickly eliminated it from her mind.
"No, something I figured. Am I right?" 
"You know, I've never asked," she mocked.
Whether she did or not, she didn't have to ask Ellis. She already knew.
"You don't seem concerned. Not even a little," he said, following her eyes. There was something misguiding about them. He'd never looked at her long enough to notice before, but her big, brown eyes looked … empty. 
"Concerned? For my brother? Of course I'm concerned about him--"
"Concerned about your past. As if it means nothing. And yet it is the very center of your being."
She didn't answer as she looked down at him. He couldn't see her thoughts, her emotions, or her soul as he looked her in the eyes. She was guarded again. Yet she seemed so relaxed. What was this guard she used? Was it her abilities?
"What is your question?" she finally asked. He looked away from her at the blank wall behind her.
He had a million questions. Which was odd, because normally to get an answer, all he had to do was look. Not with her; the more he learned, the more questions that cropped up. He looked up at her again. For a moment he saw the oddest glimpse of something--a shifting in her face. Were his eyes playing tricks on him?
"Why you and not him?" Granger asked seriously. But by the expression that formed on her face, he wasn't going to get a serious answer.
"The man was a pervert, but a picky perv. So my guess would be he likes girls instead of boys. Or he wanted dessert before the main course."
As disgusting as her words were, there was coldness in them. Not pain, but hate. And only a small grain of truth.
"Why?" Granger asked again, studying her face, her eyes. Though brown, they were as blank as the wall behind her.
She slid off the bed onto the floor and winced from pain before focusing on him. "You tell me your deepest, darkest secret, and I'll tell mine." Her tone had grown low and settled.
"I could keep looking,"
"Then you do that." Complete resolve.
"I could end up liking what I see and possess you."
"If you wish." Her voice hummed with seductive.
"So you know it's a possibility." There was no fear. Just resolution. Such strength.
"I've been tortured. Raped. Starved. Dead. Possibilities. Endless." The darkness coming from her was consuming, and her very presence seemed to shift. It was a blurry but very real change in her appearance. But whatever it was, it was gone in the blink of an eye.
"Show me." He leaned closer.
She snapped back and shot off the ground as if he had slapped her.
That darkness, the sea he had seen in her, was real and was rising inside of her. He saw it become clearer with every word she spoke. But he wasn't scared. He felt like diving in and finding out where it would take him.
"Sit." Granger grabbed her hand and pulled her back down just as she was about to walk away.
"Excuse--" 
He put up his hand to stop her protest. "Let's finish this, and we can both go our own ways." He took in a breath before closing his eyes.
"There's nothing to finish." Her husky voice had grown hostile.
"So you do know what is wrong with you."

()()()



10



Ollie sat looking at him as he opened his eyes slowly. The smile coming from Granger was absolute satisfaction. Like he'd known the whole time. He was playing along with her, even though he didn't know precisely what was wrong with her.
"What makes you think that?" she asked.
"Ollie, from the moment I met you five years ago, I noticed how very aware you are. And though I don't know the extent of your problem, I know if you needed help, you wouldn't hesitate to find it. Even if it meant disregarding your own brother to get it. Your resolve is too profound. So why play this game?"
"Game?" She had to laugh. How the hell could she put it? "They want answers that I can't give them. The answers I have, they won't like. I'm hoping you can come up with better ones. Though the truth … She is a bitch and necessary, no matter how evil she maybe." Ollie breathed in air as if it were a drug intoxicating her. Damn it all, she wanted the truth to be something else. Anything to help her family ease their worry of her. She was sick and tired of being sick and tired.
"I'm sure whatever it is, they can deal with it."
No. They couldn't. She would be caged like an animal. Watched like a freak, for her own safety. Like she was now, only worse. Damn these walls.
"Food!" The loud country call came through the door.
He stood up with her. "So are we going to continue after we eat?" 
Nothing he did would change anything. But Geo would want answers. He would want an explanation. She needed to buy time. "Yes," she said, walking to the door. Hearing a chuckle, she turned around and looked at him.
"Nothing." He waved off her question.
Clearly he thought she was nuts. And frankly, Ollie agreed.
During dinner, Ollie conducted a thorough investigation and learned that Geo was engaged to his longtime college friend who was a real good friend of the family. Geo hated that she had found out, but she enjoyed rubbing it in his face, as she planned to do on their wedding.
After spreading the news to half of the western hemisphere, Ollie crashed on the bed back in the room. Granger was already seated in the chair, arm propped up on the armrest, head leaning into his fist, waiting patiently; he looked serene. Though he always looked strong, extremely disciplined, and self-contained, it was in that moment that she felt how powerful he was just sitting there. It was intoxicating.
She said, "You know, you could easily slide into the Oracle position."
He didn't move a muscle, completely ignoring her like he was king and she was beneath his notice. It was bad enough that she grew up in a house full of arrogant asses.
"Can you finish while I sleep?" Ollie asked, ignoring the superior air about him.
"Yes, but I would like to get some sleep as well," he answered.
"Of course. You can sleep here." She pointed to the other side of the bed. "It's king-size, so I won't kick you," she explained. 
His posture tensed slightly. "I'll sleep on the floor."
"Fine." She got up and went out into the living area. "E, pump up an air mattress for Granger," she yelled.
Ellis, who was at the sink, stopped washing dishes and turned around with a scowl on his face.
"That or he sleeps with me." She grinned.
"Ollie--"
"Damn. Unknot your panties," she yelled before closing the door. Leaning her weight into the door, her forehead rested against it. Even with good news, he couldn't stay happy long. Why did she have to be his twin? Why couldn't he have a twin like Cee? Never causing trouble, never giving him pain. Maybe she could sit still and not give him anything to worry about.
"Then he'd think something's really wrong with you." Granger said reading her thoughts.
She had almost forgotten he was in the room. So, what is it you think I should do?
Granger chuckled, obviously not expecting that. "I don't have any brothers or sisters, so I don't know how this works," he said out loud, knowing she didn't have the ability to read his mind.
But you have all that damn knowledge stored up in that beautiful, enlightened brain of yours. You must have something I can use.
As if stunned by her thoughts, he sat quiet for a while. She had to turn and look at him to make sure he was still with her. 
"I could give you some advice, but I'd prefer not to interfere," he said finally, leaning back his head and closing his eyes.
What good are you, then? Just a damn voyeur.
Laughing, he looked at her, with glitter in his eyes. Then he shook his head, not letting himself enjoy the moment.
"You're so strict with yourself, aren't you?" Ollie sighed. "Enlightenment for you all must suck."
"You all?"
Hearing Granger repeat the words made Ollie stiffen. Why had she said that?
"Nothing." She waved her hand, shaking it off.
He cocked an eyebrow. "You say it like you are not a part of the Structure."
"I just don't strive for enlightenment, that's all."
"I find that hard to believe. You clearly have some level of enlightenment."
Some level or no level at all was all the same to her. 
She crawled over the bed and lay quietly, looking at the wall opposite the side Granger was sitting on. She had painted the walls white to get them ready for some real color if Troy decided to buy the place, but now she wished she had something more than white to look at. Maybe when all was said and done, she would just paint them and decorate the place how she saw fit. But she had enough places to call home; there was no need for another.
She could feel it again. As he read her, the deeper he got, the more it drained her. She didn't know what he saw, but she felt the fatigue. His reading had put her to sleep the first time, and now again she was falling.


()()()


Granger had thought it was the sedatives that remained in her system that had made her fall asleep the first time, but now he was starting to wonder. There weren't many people who had the skill or the will to feel the intrusion. Most people didn't feel a thing until he started claiming their souls. Continuing, he copied memory after memory. It was time to just take and sort it out later instead of sifting through it piece by piece. This way he could go through all of her knowledge without bothering her further. The volume of information she held and recalled was hindering his normal process, and that bothered him. 
At Level Four, he could take information from a whole club of people in minutes--or seconds, depending on how simpleminded they were. But one woman was giving him a headache. She always had been a problem.
A knock at the door brought Granger back into the room. He rose to open it.
Ellis stood there, looking down at Granger with dark eyes. The twin wouldn't try anything, for fear of angering Ollie. And then there was a layer of respect radiating from the man's energy.
"She's asleep." Granger stepped aside, letting him in the room with the air mattress.
"Can't you do this outside of her room?" Ellis's voice was hard.
"Yes, but Geo preferred that I do it in privacy. And your sister doesn't seem to object. Hopefully, I won't be much longer."
"Hopefully." Ellis placed the twin mattress in the space on the floor between the bed and the bathroom.
"Nothing bigger?" Granger could see his feet hanging over the thing.
"Joc's monopolizing it," Ellis answered. "Thank you for not accepting the bed. I know she offered it." Ellis looked everywhere but at Granger.
Granger didn't answer, which was a confirmation to Ellis. He just laughed, looking down at his sister. No inhibitions. Granger picked up a grain of the man's thoughts.
The twin went over to the bed. Taking one side of the comforter, he pulled it over to the side of the bed where Ollie slept, folding her into it. It was at the moment that Granger saw Ellis's total devotion to his sister. Nothing else mattered except her safety. He wouldn't have her hurt again. Not as long as he breathed.
"Good night," Ellis said before leaving. Granger looked down at the air mattress and then up at the king-size. The small mattress looked too fragile in the king's presence.


()()()


Ellis and Geo sat in the kitchen for a long time, talking about the eldest's plans for his future. It seemed as though Geo hadn't thought past the engagement. It was fascinating, considering the strategist planned for everything. It was abnormal, but Geo didn't even realize he was falling for the woman until two years after her divorce. In his words, she seemed so much more alive.
Geo and VA had worked together even before Ellis and Ollie decided to get into the business. She was a little younger than Geo, but she was tough as nails and could fight like a pro. But being a Blade, it wasn't uncommon. She and Geo had both helped Ollie and Ellis learn to fight and shoot. 
"I don't understand. How did she figure it out?" Geo sighed. He really didn't want anything to take away from the focus of current events, but leave it to Ollie …
"One of you two divulged some clue, and she caught it. Did you discount her occupation?" 
"How could I?" Geo looked up as footsteps came up behind Ellis.
"Hey, you guys seen Granger?" Joc asked. "He's not crashed out here, and he's not downstairs." 
"He's sleeping with Ollie," Ellis said, wanting to turn around to observe the expression on Joc's face. Geo's lips were pursed, containing a grin that confirmed Joc was stupefied.
"Funny," Joc exhaled finally.
"I'm not joking." Ellis turned to look at him without a hint of amusement, dying on the inside. Joc's mouth stood ajar.
"No way. If he was sleeping with Ollie, you would be all over him."
"Against my better judgment, did I stop her from sleeping with you?" Ellis frowned. "You have no idea how many times I wanted to surgically implant a bullet in your cerebellum." Ellis felt the amusement slowly rise to hatred. "It would have been my desire to find out about your indiscretions before Ollie did. I could have eviscerated you before she could stop me." And enjoyed it too.
"You hate me that much?" Joc's eyes smiled, but his face showed no joy. "You got a real thing for your sister, don't you, Ellis? Makes me wonder if she gave it to you like she gave it to me."
Ellis rose from his chair, but Geo grabbed his wrist before he could launch at the ignorant speck.
"You attack him, Ollie won't be happy, and he wins," Geo reasoned
"Not if he vanishes. I can hide his body," Ellis said, breathing back the hatred.
The door to Ollie's room swung open, and Ellis became completely alert. Granger looked at them.
"We got company." His words were plain and clear.
"Wolfe hasn't noticed anything," Ellis noted.
"You and I both know that means nothing." Geo took a gun from his shoulder holster. "Ellis, alert Wolfe. Joc, get Troy up. All of you get downstairs. Granger, wake Ollie. You two stay up here and cover the roof access."


()()()


"Ollie," Granger called, but she didn't stir. He called for her several times, but she wasn't responsive. He touched her on her side, only to jump back when she jerked off the bed. He could feel the pain coursing through her body as it prickled against his nerves.
All her muscles convulsed as she yelled until the pain subsided.
"I didn't mean … I was …" Damn, there's no time for this. "We are about to have some unwelcome visitors." She became alert immediately, taking off the covers and heading out of the room, nursing her side.
"How many?" Even though she was awake, she wasn't quite focused.
"From what I could tell, more than ten. Fifteen, maybe twenty." He let his energy span the area. "Or more. They know you're here."
She walked to a closet by the stairs. There was no fear or concern in her; it was as though she was ready, even half asleep.
"Everyone is downstairs," Granger informed her, following.
"Then we were left to cover the upstairs. Good." She breathed, shaking her head. "This isn't the best way to wake up. What time is it?"
Before he could answer, Granger felt three unfamiliar presences. Seeing the gunmen from the corner of his eye, he pushed Ollie into the closet just as a bullet passed between them. He shut the door and took aim. One, two, three shots launched into each of their brains. He waited as the bodies collapsed. He listened for more. No more were on the roof, and the group downstairs was holding off all other intruders, so he turned back to the closet. 
He stood transfixed. Looking at the closet door, he saw it: the closet she was locked in as a child. The darkness she starved in, cried in, and died in. How could he throw her in there? There was no telling what kind of trauma he had caused.
Holding his breath, he opened it slowly to see that she was sitting, eyes closed, legs folded like a pretzel, with her elbows on her knees, chin leaning on her open palms as her hands framed her face. She didn't seem antsy or out of it. She was waiting, bored. Everything stopped as his eyes caught hold of her focus. Her mind absorbed the dark, holding the memories like a trophy. She wasn't allowing them to take her; instead, she stood over them, commanding them. 
He backed up until his back hit the wall, then slid to the floor. That was what he couldn't figure. The focus, the deliberate focus she exuded during every encounter. The menace was her, controlling her mind, her emotions, her memories. Holding the pain in check. Keeping hatred at bay, allowing her actions to be ruled by her and no one else. He was in awe. In all of those whose memories he had drunk, anguish he had taken in, none had such control or such will. He could stay in that moment forever.


()()()


Opening her eyes, Ollie looked at Granger. His head was down, and his shoulders were slumped in defeat. He could take care of it. That was why she had waited. She crawled to him, slipping on the white marble, worrying that he might be injured.
"Granger?"
He put out his hand, making her stop in her tracks. He held up his head, and his silver eyes glittered. "I'm fine," he said. His face had the oddest expression. Not pain, not anger, but she couldn't figure out what. She looked toward the stairs and saw three very dead bodies.
"What? You didn't like shooting them?" she chuckled, knowing that wasn't it. He did it too well for it to faze him.
"Hmm." He rotated his shoulders, and then he laughed. Laughter? He was cracking up. The stress of being around her was making him crazy. Her brand of crazy could be contagious, and here was her proof. He unbuttoned his shirtsleeves and began to roll them up, showing the intricate design of his seal. The design was like heart-shaped leaves attached to vines, much like a dark tattoo on his skin. 
Un-tucking his shirt from his slacks, he relaxed for the first time. Though he had been attractive before, he looked even more incredible relaxed. He opened his glittering eyes and smiled. 
Damn, he's gorgeous. 
"Don't do that," he said, leaning back his head.
"Do what?" she said, looking as his goatee, following the line of his strong jaw to his eyes.
"The wondering … thing. I'm not a puzzle to be solved."
"This coming from the man who can look into a person's soul to gather information. One of the most powerful men in the world, and I'm not talking just abilities. And you don't think people wonder about you?"
"I know they do. I just wish you wouldn't." He breathed slowly as he closed his eyes. He was using his powers. It was apparent from the glittery eyes and concentration.
"Why just me?" Probably because he despised her. It was in the way he acted around her, like he couldn't get away fast enough. But she truly idolized him.
"Your twin doesn't know, does he?" 
His words threw her head back in surprise. "Know …?"
"That the fear is gone, the pain is gone. That you use it--you take it in and make it earn its keep. The darkness." He lifted his head. His silver eyes stared deep into hers. "You don't separate yourself from it. You have made it a part of you. You have learned to … adapt it to you, making you whole." Though still silver, his eyes softened for the first time for her. 
Was he idolizing her? 
He asked, "Do you know how hard I have tried to accomplish that? I push it deep, I move around it, ignore it--hell, everyone I've encountered has. But you control it like it is your arm or leg. And use it like it is your breath." He shook his head. "You should tell him."
"Ellis? Tell him something I don't even understand?" She never saw it the way he did. She wanted so badly to ease Ellis's pain, but how. No matter how hard she tried to let him know she was fine, it was as if he couldn't believe it.
"It is his own guilt," Granger said. It was what the shaman had told her. 
He will have to work through it himself, Mama had said. But he had nothing to be guilty of--nothing.
Granger laughed. Okay, he was cracking up. He laughed and smiled with such relief. She wanted him to do that more, if only around her.
"You have relaxed around me," she said, "so I'm guessing you don't hate me anymore." She stood up and held out her hand to help him up. He stayed seated for a long time before looking up at her hand. He grabbed hold of her hand for a moment, as if trying to decide what to do. And with a quick tug, Ollie gasped as she was brought to her knees between his legs. His eyes sparkled.
"I never hated you. I hate being around you." His words blended with his breathing. She couldn't breathe, he was so close. "Nothing. But. Trouble." His gaze traced down her face to her lips. "A constant reminder of what most people struggle against--the darkness within." So close, so very close. "I hate being in your presence." His breath was on her lips, and still she couldn't breathe. "But I … never hated you." With his words brushing against her lips, her head swam. "Like peppermint." His lips feathered her breathlessness. Where were her lungs when she needed them? Breathe, damn it.
Then he pushed her away as he tried to back into the wall he was already backed into.
She didn't want him to stop. She didn't want air; she didn't want space. But where were her words?
"The fighting is still going on. We need to stay alert." He began to get up.
She had to do something, but her brain wasn't working. He needed to continue. She needed to stop him. But all she could do was stare at the man. Why the hell couldn't she move? Damn it, Ollie. Move your ass.
Ollie grabbed his arm, pulling him back down. What could she say to make him stay, to make his actions true? What exactly did she want from him? Her eyes searched his with urgency. They showed nothing, revealed nothing. Damn you.


()()()


Ollie's stare said more than her thoughts ever could. But he wasn't going there again. Getting trapped in her strength was something he had not anticipated; it had thrown him into a place he'd sworn he would never go. If Joc ever… ever found out ...
He took her face between his hands. "Ollie, let it go."
"Yeah, now let my sister go." Ellis's voice crashed down on him like a ton of bricks and sent chills all over Granger's skin.
"We're just talking," Ollie said calmly, still looking at Granger.
"I cannot believe you." Ellis grabbed her arm and yanked her off the ground.
She shoved him, making him stumble back. "Yo. What've I told you?" she growled at him.
"You need to be careful," he growled back.
"Kiss my ass." She turned to Granger and held out her hand. He laughed, remembering the gesture before. 
She laughed with him, getting the joke.
"What?" Ellis frowned. "We got intruders, and you two are getting acquainted?" 
"This floor's cleared," she said, defending herself while helping Granger up.
"It isn't over, so no pit stops," Ellis continued to bark.
She turned to him. "I reiterate. Kiss. My. Ass." 
"I'm the enemy now?" His voice had grown quiet as he looked down at her. 
Granger felt a nasty emotion crawl from Ollie's twin. Ellis really wanted to hurt him.
"You worried that I'm going to get hurt, or that you can't handle things without me?" Whatever Ellis was dishing out, she was ready to serve the same. Granger saw the bond so clearly. They were so different and so similar. Words were being used, but they were in no way part of the communication. It was the body language: him yanking her, her shoving him, his growl and her stare. Neither one would walk away until the air was clear.
Ellis ground his teeth. "We can handle it." 
"Then what's up your ass?"
"You know he can see into your soul. So what? You just pop open the lid and pour out all the contents. You can't trust--"
"Who? You said it yourself--you respect him, 'cause he keeps his mouth closed. You just don't like the fact he's reading me. Ellis, I can't hide from everyone. You know that. But we can trust Granger. We have for five years. Maybe we can a little longer." She punched her brother in the arm. "You worry too much, man."
His arm grabbed her around the neck, hugging her. "I know." He sighed, kissing her on the forehead, and his eyes met Granger's, stabbing him like daggers. With his free hand, Ellis grabbed a high-powered rifle from the closet. Granger watched the overbearing brother walk up the stairs to the roof with his twin.
He had to stay away from Ollie. Not only because of Joc, but also because of the twins' relationship. There was no way he could get between them.


()()()


"Let me shoot it." Ollie said as her brother picked off the intruders one by one. 
"No," he said, firing another round. No matter how many he shot, they were still coming, as if they were an army. This was one mess that would be hard to conceal. How had they found her with such certainty that they'd brought the whole damn state to her doorstep?
"We have any more rounds downstairs?" he asked.
"That would be a no." Ollie ground her teeth. If they would let her use her power, or at least let her open fire on those fools, this mess would be more than over. Granger's soul possession was turning them on one another, but for some reason, they were more than prepared. They not only had numbers, but they also had someone with a power that allowed the suppression of noise and interference with her security system. Or they'd hacked it, which wasn't likely with O-no keeping tabs on the firewalls. Breaches were as likely as ice fishing in hell.
Ollie headed to the stairs.
"Where are you going?"
"Y'all need my help."
"We're fine." Ellis ran in front of her. "Think."
"Never been good at it." She moved around him.
"Ollie, don't make me restrain you."
Ollie began to laugh. He was so good at that, wasn't he? Drugging her. Without a second thought she reared back and clocked him in the cheek.
"Don't ever think I'll let you do that to me again. And if you threaten me with that again, I will put a bullet in your leg. You hear?"
"Yeah." Ellis rubbed his cheekbone.
"I'm a grown-ass woman, not your child. Remember that." But before she could walk around him again, he scooped her up, pitching her over his shoulder. She began to kick and fight as he headed for the stairs quickly. Ollie stopped fighting as bullets whizzing past them from the building across the street. Before Ollie could get a good lock on them, they were inside the building.
"Granger!" Ellis yelled, racing through the door and down the stairs.
"Yeah?" 
There was a sound of an ammo clip being slid into place.
"There are men on the roof across the street. Can you reach them from here?" Ellis asked, finally putting her down.
"I've already got about ten on my leash. Give me a minute." Ollie turned to the man whose eyes were turning solid silver, even the whites of his eyes. She couldn't believe how awesome he looked. The seal on his arms stretched and moved over his skin. How much of his body was covered by it? He was a fourth-level; the seal had to cover more than half his body. And she could tell that he was holding back his power. He had too much self-control. What would happen if he just let loose? Would he possess everyone in the area, or was there more than soul possession? It was said that after certain levels, some developed additional powers. He was fascinating.
Then, just like that, his eyes were back to gray, and he relaxed. "We have help." He looked dead at Ollie, as if she had some idea.
"Help?" Ellis asked.
"The roof." Still looking at Ollie, his brow deepened into a serious frown.
Ollie smiled, heading for the roof.
"What the …?"
Ollie turned to see Granger holding Ellis back. The two men stared each other down. And though Ellis had inches on Granger, he quickly relaxed, realizing what he was up against.
Ollie didn't have time to interfere. If the fighting stopped, Geo would be looking for her.
On the roof, a tall man stood waiting. He was dressed in a long white leather duster, white leather pants, and a white shirt that complemented his gentle face, making him look almost angelic. "'ello, Loon." His British accent warmed Ollie to her toes. His creamy skin blushed as if he had exerted himself.
"Georgie." She went to him and wrapped her arms around him. He held onto her tight, breathing in her scent. When Ollie jerked in pain, he stepped back and looked at her with his brilliant green eyes and girly lashes, but he didn't say a word. He just kissed her on her temple.
"You know I don' 'ave long," he said against her skin.
"I didn't expect you in person."
"Was in town. Anka sends 'er love. Now, what's it you wish?" He pulled back, winking at her.
"I need to know what is going on. All of it."
"I don' 'ave that long." Stress immediately showed as his clenched jaw hardened his angel face. He looked so much like Ellis when he did that. "I can give you this much--they're after you, no' jus' yer secrets. Some want yer 'ead. An' Demon's Wrath's now more reality 'an myth. The assassins want to kill the Oracle as well as you, Fire Eye." He wiggled his eyebrows playfully.
"What the …?" No wonder Geo had kept it from her, because now she wanted names and blood.
"Indeed. Some high-profile assassins 'ave been deployed, very lethal bounty hunters as well. I suggest you take a long trip, without yer family." 
"You know I hate running."
"Why d'you think I suggest it?" His accent became very strong. "Not only's the Oracle an' yer blood family at stake. Do you forget?"
Was he getting angry with her? "Never," she growled, not believing his nerve.
"Forgive me." He dropped his head. "It's been very … 'ard lately."
"Don't drop your head," she instructed him. After he held up his head, she continued, "I understand. This is a bad time for all of us. You do what you must, but let me handle my own. And if things go bad, I don't expect any of you to bail me out. I never do. It is safer that way."
"Ye're our blood as much as ye're theirs. We can'--"
"Damn it, Georgie Porgy, I hate when y'all worry. So don't!" she shouted, and he laughed. 
The wind kicked up, blowing his neatly combed, short, dark-brown hair into curls, while making her hair dance into her face. He grinned wickedly, brushing back her wild hair with his hands. He always did think her hair was the funniest thing in the world.
"George." Geo's voice cut through the air like a steel blade.
"Bloody 'ell." George looked at Ollie in fear, cupping her face with his hands. "Good-bye, Loon." He kissed her on the forehead before taking in a deep breath and jumping into the air, disappearing into the black night.
"He could have at least stayed to let me thank him for his people's help." Geo was behind her, giving her the creeps.
She turned to face him. "So you could beat his ass? No way." 
"Why was he here?"
"He's worried."
"Aren't we all? But you know as well as I do that George only comes when called. And only if he knows it is safe." Geo was so close now that she already felt the first blow. Any moment now.
"Maybe he knew y'all would need help."
Geo sighed, stepping back. "So this is about me keeping you in the dark and not allowing you to fight back. Ollie?"
"Don't worry. I understand now why you did it. It's worse than I thought. But I'll keep cool." She watched as her brother's eyes looked into hers, searching for her truth. And whether she showed it or not, it was the truth. This wasn't about her; it was about her family. All of them.

()()()



11



Before the cleanup crew came, Ollie watched as Granger searched everyone to make sure that no one had been tagged by trackers. It wasn't clear yet how they had found the place or even how the ambush had been accomplished, but three things were extremely possible: either they had an excellent prophet, excellent intel, or an even better tracker. Granger was still going over the information he had gathered. One thing was certain: they were all House of River.
What intrigued her most was how Granger had shifted from being the relaxed, gorgeous soul possessor to being the tight, controlled business mogul. There was a fine line between the two. And she wished she had the time to disrupt that line.
Ollie grabbed her guns and headed downstairs to her truck. They were no longer safe there. She would head back to Mama's to say good-bye before she left for the coast. Geo had talked Granger into keeping her on his yacht, because it was harder to track than them sitting on their asses. Though she didn't like being handled like luggage, she couldn't agree more.
"My cell?" Ollie held out her hand to Geo, who reached into his pocket and pulled it out. "Bitch." She'd known he had it the whole time. He'd probably taken it a couple of nights ago when she was passed out drunk. Payback for snatching his keys.
When they got to the condo, Miko and Bones greeted her with hugs as she held back her groans of pain. She went to O-no's room, where he was sitting in his favorite chair at his computer terminal while Sunny studied on the floor. He looked up from his books and smiled. Wow, she was going to miss all of this. Her family would move on. And though she wouldn't be gone long, it would be long enough to miss the good stuff. 
And Mama.
Would this be the last time? Ollie wiped the thoughts from her mind. First things first: their safety.
"Hey." O-no looked up from his main computer screen and smiled. He got up. "How is everything? No one is telling me anything." He grinned with relief, showing off his cute cheeks.
"Good, but I'm going away for awhile." She smiled. "I have to go pack. Walk with me."
O-no rose from his chair. They walked out into the hallway.
"You okay?" O-no asked, sounding like he had a million questions.
"Fine."
"If you are as you say, then why did you ask me to … you know?" Sadness tinged his voice. She continued walking through the condo.
"Because if anything should happen, I want my affairs in order." He had a problem with becoming one of her beneficiaries. Like most people, he still hadn't come to terms with the idea of death.
"But it's your account. I don't want my name on it."
"Actually, all of your names are on it. But hey, listen, don't worry. I doubt I'll be going anywhere anytime soon. I think death has had its fill of me for a while."
"Oll--"
"Do you have any information for me?" She cut him off, not wanting him to mull over it. A change of subject would be good for him.
"The name Demon's Wrath keeps popping up, Ollie. And something else keeps nagging at me." Grim was his mood. "I dug up something that you need to know."
"Someone wants me dead. Yeah, I already know." That change-of-subject idea went to hell fast.
"Ollie--"
"Hey, don't worry about me." She ran her hand over his wavy hair. "Come on."
They went upstairs to her condo and all the way down the hall to the last room. Her exercise room was where she kept the majority of her arsenal. She reached up to a long shelf along the front wall and pulled down a small metal case.
"No, Ollie--"
"Take it. I want you to use it if you need to protect your family," she said, shoving the case at him. "Don't make me slug you," she told him when he tried to push it away.
He held the box, shaking. "But Troy will be here."
"I don't know what to expect--do you? This is just in case."
"I can't."
"You know how to use it. We made sure of that. And hopefully you won't have to. But O-no, you must think of your family, not of your fears."
O-no shot a surprised look at Ollie as his grip tightened on the case. He was getting the idea. O-no wasn't a kid anymore. Though she hated to see him grow up, she didn't have the luxury of babying him.
Slowly he nodded, accepting his duties. She kissed O-no on the cheek before pushing him toward the door. Out in the hallway, she found Granger on the phone. She motioned for O-no to go ahead of her.
"Someone wants to talk to you." Granger held out the phone. Ollie looked at him, puzzled, before taking the phone. Who did he know outside of her family that knew her? Then again, the man knew everyone.
"Yeah?" Ollie said into the phone. 
"Hello, dear, it's Uncle Falco. I want to sincerely apologize for this whole debacle. It was that mission I sent you on to find Gregory that gave you such attention." Falco's highborn British accent was thick and polite. The multimillionaire of House Sun was such a gentleman.
"It's no problem--"
"If it was not for me, they would not have your picture all over the place." 
My what? 
"It was because of me that they tracked you to Gregory--and from Gregory, to your residence. I feared the worst."
Greg didn't … "Falco, it's no problem. Don't worry, we're handling it." She tried to stay calm while thinking of beating something, anything, to a bloody heap. Granger looked at her intently, clearly hearing her thoughts.
"You do not understand, dear. You are very important to me."
Ollie tuned out the man's rambling as she contemplated why Geo hadn't told her that the secret of her identity had been compromised by Greg Hooser. Why hadn't George? She was ready to hunt down that son of a bitch Hooser and rip flesh from bone. 
Her hand began to shake and jerk. She balled it into a fist to steady herself. The pain in her back began to build, and Granger's eyes followed her reaction. 
"You see, Ollie, I pride myself in keeping all business deals as legitimate as possible--"
"I don't mean to cut you off, Falco, my man--" Yeah, right, "--but you don't need to apologize. If you wanna do me a favor, try to keep the heat off me and the fam." Ollie felt her frustration rising. She needed to kill something. Preferably Greg Hooser to start with; then she could work her way up to River and maybe every imbecile trying to hunt Mama and her. Get it under control, Ollie.
"I'm actually working on that. But Mary Alexander is hell-bent on finding you."
So House of River's Mary was behind all of the recent activity. Mary was ambitious, but to go to such lengths … Then again, she never had been subtle. Neither had Ollie. And the need to kick down the woman's front door itched under her skin, shot up her back, and had her seeing double.
"Well, thank you, Falco. I will talk to you when the dust settles."
"Dear, I also have a message from a friend of ours." His voice grew low. "You should know that if need be, there will be an intervention. Good day."
Pain grabbed her, nailing her in the spine. She staggered to keep her footing as she handed the phone back to Granger.
"You and my mother's uncle are buddies, huh?" She breathed, trying to focus. Reaching for the wall, Granger said nothing. He'd heard every word through her; she was sure of it. And he'd noticed her struggle as well. Taking hold of her arm, he guided her into her room, closing the door behind them.
He took her to the bed and sat her down on it as Ollie tried not to black out. She tried to block out the pain, but all she could hear were Falco's words. Damn, she didn't need to hear that. Friend of ours, my ass.
Breathing slowly, she let the pain travel over her body, spreading to even it out. Holding it in one place only made it worse. She let down her guard, knowing this would ease it more. She felt her shirt move on her right side. Opening her eyes in shock, she felt Granger's hand go under her shirt. He touched the skin lightly. A sting followed, one that she was sure would resonate, but instead it seemed to dull. Ollie looked at the man, perplexed. He was stooped, eyes closed, teeth gritted. Was he sharing her pain?
It made sense. He could possess souls, see memories, feel emotion, and read thoughts, so why not feel pain as well? Mesmerizing. Absolutely. His face tightened. Though Ollie still felt the pain, it was ebbing. So why such a stern expression? His thick eyebrows were drawn so tightly; his thick lips were pursed in concentration. His powerful jaw was clenched.
Finally he groaned, "Would you cut it out?" 
She grinned. So that was the reason he looked on edge: she was staring. More like ogling.
"But I like looking at you." She wanted to laugh. Making Mr. Hard-as-Steel uncomfortable was becoming her new favorite hobby.
"I am not interesting."
"Yes, you are."
"No, I'm not." Always so serious.
"Did you see the part in my life when I studied everything about you? And when I wanted you to do nothing but accept me?" She took his face in her hands, and his eyes shot open. "I think you're gorgeous." She kissed him on his bald head. "And your head is so sexy."
"Ollie." He pulled back, taking his warm hand from her side. He wanted her to get serious. But that was boring. Damn, he was sexy, beautiful, smart, powerful, and rich. What more could a woman want? "You're so frustrating."
He read her thoughts. "Okay, fine," she laughed.
He sat down on the bed beside her. 
Well, ain't this new? 
He didn't seem so rigid all of a sudden. He asked her, "Did Geo talk to you about moving the kids? He's afraid that they might find a way to get to them."
No, he hadn't, but Ollie had the same fear. They had tracked her so easily--too easily. River was known for its trackers and seers, but this was damned ridiculous. She was ready to kick down doors and kill every River--
"Not in your condition …" Granger's words trailed off.
"And what do you know about my condition?" She looked him in his eyes.
"I know it has something to do with your powers. And your seal. But I am still working out the details. I do know that the first time it happened was when that man, when you made him scream. The pain you felt in your foot and leg. He didn't cause that. Directly." Granger had an unusual look on his face. What was that look? A mixture of questions, concern, and …
Ollie stood up. If that was sympathy she saw, she could do without. He could choke on it, for all she cared. Time to pack. She walked into her closet.
"Hey, Oll--" Someone barged in. "Where is Ollie? Who are you, and why are you in her room?" By the small, young, uninhibited voice, it had to be Miko.
"In the closet, packing. Granger. And because we needed to talk." Granger sounded amused.
Miko giggled, then she stopped. "Wait … Granger? Augustus Granger, Level Four of House Heart? The most powerful in the Structure next to the Oracle? Wow."
Ollie walked out of the closet to see Miko looking up at the man in awe. Her little face was radiant with joy, and her pigtails were no longer braided, adding a wavy effect to her hair.
"And who are you?" Granger asked very professionally.
"You want to know my name?" She was amazed.
He chuckled. "Sure."
"But you're so powerful--don't you know it?" Uh-oh, she was testing him. I love this girl.
He chuckled, clearly seeing right through her. "Yes, Miriam of Heart, I do know. I was just being polite. Some people don't like to know they are being read."
"Call me Miko, Mr. Granger. It means 'chief.'" She held out her hand.
"Fine, Miko Miriam it is." He took her hand and shook it, as if completing a business transaction.
"Well, damn." Ollie snickered. "I think you have a new business partner, Caesar."
"Since the girl is Heart, I think I can find her something to do. I could use someone who can decrypt--did you just call me Caesar?"
"He is so remarkable." Miko just stared at him.
"Miko, you needed me." The girl hadn't barged in to gawk at Granger. Besides, that was her job.
"Yes, Mama said to come downstairs. She wants a word with you. And she told me to tell you to bring your Caesar." 
Granger's mouth opened in objection.
"I can't wait for the boys to meet you." Miko took Granger's hand and pulled him out of the room. Ollie followed. 
Once downstairs, she saw Geo coming out of Mama' room, with his chin up and a pleased grin on his mug. Mama must have given him her blessing on his engagement. Ollie couldn't wait for the wedding; he was going to get the embarrassment of his life.
"Bones, Sunny, O-no!" Miko screamed. All the kids came running downstairs, and O-no walked in behind Ollie. Joc was sitting at the bar with Troy, while Ellis sat on the couch, reading. Miko began introducing Granger to the boys.
As Granger was being introduced to all of the children, Bones looked at the man who stood slightly taller than O-no. Bones was completely mesmerized by him.
"Bones, what's wrong?" Ollie finally asked as Granger approached the kid. Granger stared at the boy without any expression.
"You are older than you look," Bones said finally.
"True," Granger answered.
"And far wiser than you look," Bones continued.
Granger laughed and looked over at Ollie. "He's reading me?" 
"He's our own personality test. Don't worry, he can't read your mind. But if you have anything in your pockets that you don't want him to know about, you're in trouble." She grinned.
"No, he's clean." Bones continued to look at him. "But he has the oddest glow, like … like he is really powerful." Bones reached out and touched Granger's hand. "And there is darkness." He smiled, clearly liking the darkness. "I like you, Mr. Granger," he said finally. 
"I'm glad."
"You should be, because if he recoiled from you, we'd put a bullet in your brain," Ollie said, grabbing the kid in an embrace. Bones giggled.
"Funny," Granger chuckled.
"No joke," Cee said, coming down the steps. She walked through the living room to sit beside Wolfe on the loveseat. He immediately laid his head in her lap, draping his legs over the armrest. 
Joc's and Granger's faces seemed to grow weary as they stared at the kid in disbelief.
"Keep that kid away from me." Joc frowned.
Troy said, "It's been established that he don't like you, Joc, after what you did to Ollie. We just keep you alive for Granger's sake and at Ollie's request." Troy frowned at the thug. "But I dare you to give me a reason to ignore them."
"Ollie." Geo waved her over with a clinched jaw and sober eyes. That meant not to keep Mama waiting. "I'm going to check out the area, see what we can find out," he told her.
"Fine." Ollie shrugged.
"I'm taking Joc with me. We'll be back before you leave."
"You're leaving the big guns here?" Ollie frowned, looking back at Granger and Wolfe. Among all of them, even herself, Wolfe was the best gunman. His aim and accuracy was next to none.
"If anything happens, they can handle things without you. And I plan on sending them with you."
Granger, she understood, because it was his yacht. But Wolfe … 
Ollie stomped her foot. "No." 
"You know he can handle himself."
"That ain't the issue. When the hell did you become a home wrecker? Keep him with Cee." She looked back at Cee, who seemed a little relieved by her words.
"Fine, then I'm sending Ellis." Naw, really? Geo sure knew how to suck the joy out of life. The only thing missing was a straw.
"I'm sure if you can dig someone else up, you'll send them too. Troy needs a vacation."
Geo glared at her. She smirked before going into the shaman's room. He closed the door behind her as Ollie approached the woman, who was sitting in her cushy recliner, watching her wide-screen TV in the sitting area. 
"Reality TV. Have I ever told you how I find it demeaning?" she mentioned as Ollie went to a loveseat that sat near the recliner.
"Only when you watch it." Which wasn't often. She didn't watch much TV. The visions in her head probably provided her with all the entertainment she'd ever need.
"Yes, well, it is far more real than that animation you and O-no seem to delight in. But what can be said about real anyway?" She shook her head before turning her eyes to Ollie's face. Her long silver hair covered her shoulders, making her look royal. Her brown eyes were slightly lighter than normal, which meant she was currently using her power. Sometimes it was the seal that stirred and moved when the powers were being used, but in the most enlightened, the eyes would react as well. She thought of the silver of Granger's eyes.
"He is fascinating, isn't he? I have found myself wondering why he does not compete for Oracle, when clearly he would be the optimal choice. I think I will ask him when I'm finished with you." Mama smiled. "Beautiful Ollie, you hold back for their sake. It is not your nature. It goes against you and causes you pain, but still you want to ease them. My dearest child of the Order, don't you realize you will only cause more pain?"
Ollie's heart skipped. The woman never spoke openly of such things, but she always knew… everything. "Mama, I'm not sure what I should do." Ollie began to tremble.
"You have a knack for knowing, when it is not your ability. And yet you know. But I will warn you and give you some advice. First, don't cling to warnings. It will only hold you back." She smiled, and Ollie laughed. "And for some advice--do what you do best. Though they may frown, the truth will make them smile." A riddle. Oh, joy.
"Yes, ma'am."
"You will not ask what it means?"
Like you'll tell me, Ollie thought.
"Good girl." The shaman held out her arms. "Now, give me some sugar." Ollie grinned as she went to the woman, hugging her and kissing her on the cheek. "And send in that handsome possessor, please," she said, turning back to the TV. 
Mama's words flowed into Ollie's head before she left. The hand left un-bruised and unused is the hand that knows no pain. But when pain comes, the hand will be useless. Always move forward. Leave lingerers behind.


()()()


Ellis's eyes were a spotlight on Granger as he waited for Ollie to leave the room. Geo had told him that Ellis was protective, and he had seen it firsthand in Ollie's memories, but this was damned annoying. Ellis had nothing to fear from him as long as he kept himself together.
Granger's focus stayed on the chess game in front of him. Miko and Bones like pros; it was almost as good as Geo and Ellis's game. But it was clear that the seven-year-old girl was going to take this game. Her movements were too cutthroat and methodical. She even used her telekinetic powers to knock the boy's captured pieces off the board, like they were meaningless. Despite the fact that she had grown up under a house full of Sun, she was truly a Heart kind of girl. Or maybe it was Ollie's influence. The kid had as few inhibitions as Ollie.
After having read the girl, he noticed how much pain she had gone through in her young life. Her mother and her mother's boyfriend had been shot down in front of her eyes when she was four. And though Miko was spared, she was scarred with those memories.
He could see her staring off into space in the orphanage, playing the events over and over in her head, until a wild-haired woman came to visit. Do you know what the hardest part is, kid? Ollie had asked the girl after adopting her from a Brazilian orphanage. The hardest part is seeing it over and over and not being able to do a damn thing about it. This came after another nightmare, one of many. There's nothing you can do about it now. It is out of your hands. Done and over. Be damned if you let it control you. You control it. How? Live, laugh, cry, yell, scream, fight with a passion for the things that are important to you, and tell those memories to stay in check or kiss your ass.
Granger laughed, and Ollie approached him with wonder in her eyes. Of course she wanted to know what he was laughing about. Then again, so did Ellis.
Mama said get your sexy ass in there. He picked up her thoughts before narrowing his eyes.
"She didn't say that," Granger said.
"Close enough." Ollie giggled, smacking him on his ass. Granger shook off the humiliation as the room began to chuckle. Joc didn't laugh, though, nor did Ellis. Ollie really needed to learn some restraint.
Granger walked across the room, feeling eyes on him. They weren't exactly sure that they wanted a soul possessor in their mother's room. All except Ollie, who had no worry at all.
"Would y'all cut it out?" she shouted. "I swear, the man ain't a leper. Ma is more than capable of handling herself, and if not, I'll put a bullet in his head, okay?"
She really needs to learn restraint, Granger thought, walking into the room. Geo shut the door behind him.
"She is delightful, isn't she?" The Oracle laughed from her recliner.
Delightful? It depended on what the woman considered delightful.
"You are correct. It is all in the eye of the beholder."
Granger chuckled. The woman was powerful; it was just hard to really imagine being in her presence. 
Studying at the Temple of Enlightenment several years ago, gave him insight on how her powers worked. Yet experiencing it firsthand was completely different.
The Oracle was the strongest person in the Structure because she had abilities that connected her to every individual in the Structure. Most people didn't know it but her abilities were much like Granger's soul possession, without the possession. Before the internet, the Oracle communicated Structure events and business telepathically on a periodic basis. Each report only came in dream form during natural sleep. But after the development of the internet was created, the telepathic feeds slowed to an annual report. The Oracle then only communicated to those without access, monthly. 
Though Blade was responsible for keeping the Code of Silence enforced, it was believed that the Oracle was the reason no seal-less ever found out about the Structure. One myth claims that an Oracle's power can keep the seal-less' minds clouded from the truth. Another myth tells that if any knowledge is leaked to the seal-less, the Oracle would know and wipe any knowledge from the seal-less' minds without ever having to come face to face with them. No one knew the complete truth and no Oracle ever spoke of such things. 
But as the saying goes, all myths are based on some truth.
Granger glanced around the huge room. A king-size bed was the centerpiece of one side of the room. A large quilt with intricate designs was displayed across the bed. The room was earthy with reds, browns, and golds, making it feel warm and tribal in nature--a reminder of her Choctaw ancestry. Each piece of furniture in her sitting area--her leather recliner, the two leather loveseats facing each other, and the TV--sat around a large hand-woven rug with images of nature, tribal folk, and animals. There was a story in the rug.
On the huge TV screen on the other side of the room was a reality television show, the last thing he expected someone of her age to be watching. Then again, she wasn't really watching it. Halfway around the world, she was checking on her son in Germany.
It is not wise to spy on someone who is more powerful than you are. The woman waved her hand for him to come closer. He walked to the sitting area. But then you already knew I would know you were prying. Her thoughts were so clear in his head that he half-believed he were not merely hearing them, but that she was feeding them to him instead. Please have a seat. She motioned to the floor before him. As he approached, he looked down at the rug. You have seen that before, haven't you?
Her question was knowing, so he didn't need to answer. The rug was an exact copy of the mosaic tile mural displayed in the Temple of Enlightenment. The temple was the main construct of the Structure, shrouded in the one of the oldest energy fields. It sat on an island in the Indian Ocean; most of the Structure knew about it, but only a few had ever seen it. As a House prodigy, Granger had gotten a rare glimpse of the spectacular feat of architecture that had been standing long before the Tower of Babel was ever envisioned.
The mural was the story of the origin and foundation of the Structure itself.
Very good. What is the story, Augustus?
"The first tribe to awaken, a large tribal nation that sought higher spirituality, learned the ways of energy and of the universe. They saw the workings of energy and of self. They began a journey toward becoming one with one another and the energy that sustains all that exists. Seeking enlightenment, they began forsaking environmental energy manipulation as they realized that the potential for greatness came by unifying self-energy with the surrounding eternal energy. Learning at levels like a staircase, the Structure was born. Originally there were seven Houses, focusing on the seven fundamentals of self-energy--mind, body, emotion, spirit, harmony, life, and nature. The founders found that with great power comes great corruption, so they developed an anomaly in the gene sequence to safeguard against the abuse of power, naming it the seal. For the seal to grow and enlightenment to take place, those recognized by the Structure must adhere to the understanding of themselves and consider all things around them."
The Oracle cut him off. "Don't you find that fascinating? We, as a civilization, are more evolved than the seal-less, yet we have not truly reached enlightenment. We are no better than the seal-less. We were more enlightened then than we are now. If we cannot have power without the responsibility, we would rather not." She smiled at him.
She had brought up a very good point that he had wondered about many times before. How come few in their history ever went forward toward enlightenment? The price of enlightenment was patience, self-realization, understanding connectivity, and responsibility. But no matter how different those in the Structure might be from other humans, they themselves were still human. Many settled for mediocrity, others feared their own potential, and several feared failure. And as a whole, they were still caught up in negative elements such as hate, power, and war.
"Right. You truly have earned the enlightenment you have achieved." She grinned as he finally sat down on the rug. She took a cigarette from the table next to her and lit it. She began to smoke it quietly as she watched the TV. Granger didn't want to interrupt her, because of her position and power, but he wondered if she was done with him. No, not yet. Wait. He felt her thoughts as she smoked.
Though the woman wasn't guarded in the least, making it easy to read her, he found that Ollie was the only one he was interested in reading. There he was with the most important human on the planet, yet as he waited, his thoughts kept drifting to Ollie. He couldn't satisfy his curiosity about her. The more he went through her memories and learned about her, the more he appreciated her impulsiveness. It was her darker side that kept him curious, the side that was totally forbidden in the Structure. Such connections were considered treasonous and punishable by death in many instances. These were some of the same connections Granger shared, for which many people came to him. How was it that she was connected to them? Better yet, how was it that she knew George personally?
"Good question." The shaman put her cigarette in the ashtray on the table. "You have started something you cannot stop, Augustus. You have sought after a future that will create a struggle--and yet a future I have only dreamt of. But as the great Ollie once said, 'Possibilities. Endless.'" The woman had seen their conversation from earlier. He shouldn't be surprised, but then he wondered how much else she saw. She chuckled as she reached into a big pocket on her rose-covered housedress. She pulled out a round metal figure. It looked like several different symbols, each of a different type of metal, shaped individually and melded to make one round metal amulet. The blank areas in the amulet seemed to form another symbol altogether. "This is for you." She offered it to him.
When he took it, he felt as if he should be honored. He went to his knees and bowed to her.
"Stop that. It is just something to remind you of your goals and to encourage you." She grinned, but there was a glint in her eye that he couldn't get over.
"What is it?"
"I think the translation, in modern terms, is something like 'focus.' This will help you focus." She took in a slow, lulling breath. "Now I'm tired." Granger stood up to leave. "And Augustus, thank you for watching after our Moon."
He clinched his hand into a fist. Did he hear her right? Did she say …
She chuckled as smoke escaped her nostrils.
Her thoughts streamed into his mind. You deal with Moon on so many levels, earned their trust like so few have, and yet you do not truly know the House's nature. Do not worry. It will soon come to light. And she will be the torch to show you the way.
Don't let what you think you know cloud your judgment. Moon was wronged, and the House that now lies in the shadows is the one to carry the Structure.
Her eyes were bright with knowledge as smoke seeped from her lips. And her thoughts continued to play in his head.
They were once known as the House of Octarchy, did you know that? I wonder, why were they named that? Why get rid of the smallest and least powerful House in the entire system if they held no threat? Why is there fear associated with that name? So many questions.
Oh, and Granger, don't be afraid of death. With it comes balance.

()()()



12



Small village in northern Pará, Brazil

Leaning back in his chair, feet on the table, Paul twirled his pen in his fingertips as he waited for the next breeze to pass through the small pub's windows. It was hot as hell, and not the dry heat he was used to in Arizona, but the wet, sticky heat of tropical rain forests. And damn if it didn't rain, night and day. Happiness didn't begin to describe what he would feel when he finally got away from this place.
He gave up trying to concentrate on the translations sitting in a pile of papers under his boots as he waited for his appointment. A River company had contracted him to do some translations of a few artifacts in Brazil over a month ago. The work was almost finished, but he couldn't make sense of any of the information he had translated. He wondered why River wanted this information so bad. 
He checked his watch again. Ameena was late. He sighed, waving to the barkeep for another beer. Paul came to this place often to get out of his hut. It had taken him three weeks to master Portuguese, and it had taken that long for the villagers to warm up to him.
Just as the beer was placed on his table, a jeep pulled up to the pub and parked. Paul's eyes followed the leggy Kenyan as she stepped out of the jeep wearing short shorts, a tank top, and boots. She was more than prepared for the weather. And he was glad that her preparations gave him a view of her nice legs. 
She pulled a backpack out of the passenger-side seat before walking up to the front entrance. He hadn't seen the she-devil in almost a year, and now the record keeper was here, supposedly with big news.
She looked around the hut fashioned into a bar, scanning its ragged-looking clientele until she spotted him. She took a deep breath before strutting over to the table. The inner-locking circular pattern of her Sun seal could be seen on her left arm, looking more like a tattoo than the identifying House mark that it was suppose to be.
"Paul," she said, setting the bag on the tabletop. "How ah you?" Her eyes showed rings of sleeplessness. Her jaw was tight with distress, which was unusual for the troublemaker.
"What's going on, Ameena?" He wanted to know what had his favorite record keeper so stressed.
"Dema'io is dead. So ah Sam and Jo'ja. And dose ah just de ones in Sun." 
Paul placed his feet on the floor, sat up, and leaned forward. "All of them …"
"Dead. Killed. Some say it's Demon's W'ath." Her hands began to shake. Paul slid his beer over to her. She took it and began to gulp as if it were water.
"Why?"
"We t'ought it had somet'ing to do wit' de O'acle." She paused, looking at her backpack.
"What?" The suspense was driving him crazy. He waved for another beer.
She went into her bag and took out a folder, handing it to him.
Paul took it and opened it, reading each page. Most of it was written in the old language. He was glad he'd studied the old language, or this would take an extremely long time to translate.
If what he was reading was correct, over ten thousand years ago, the Structure was not destroyed by the primitive seal-less tribes, but by a group inside the Structure--a small group of no more than ten people. That would mean the Structure had been destroyed from the inside out. And the leader of this group was named …
"Volorii." Paul started laughing. "This is a joke, right?" Volorii in the ancient language meant "void." It was believed that where there were people who embodied energy, there were people who were devoid of energy. But that was impossible; people needed energy to live. It was a zombie story used to scare kids in the Structure, just like Demon's …
He looked at Ameena, who was gripping the bottle. "If that is right, the void will come back and destroy the Structure again. Our very existence is in jeopardy."
"If dis is 'ight, de seal-less will suffah as well," she added.
It was believed long ago that the world could not exist without the Structure, and it was proven every time the Structure suffered some conflict. Mankind always advanced when the Structure experienced peace, but when the Structure struggled, so did the rest of the world. They might be a small civilization, but they were pivotal to mankind's survival.
"Dis is why dey weh being killed. All de seeahs, 'ecod keepahs, anyone who knows anyt'ing about dis is being killed. If dis is Moon behind de killings, den dey ah allowing dis to happen." 
Maybe the rumors about Moon were right. Did they really want the Structure destroyed?
Paul looked down at his papers. "The work I am doing now might have some connection to yours. Though it doesn't make much sense, the scrolls and tablets I have been researching keep repeating something about death and destruction. And there is strong emphasis on death. Like someone's death can cause destruction, or …" He shook his head. It really didn't make much sense.
"Let me see." She leaned forward, taking his notes. "You might be 'ight. Heah in dis section is de symbol fo' de O'acle, and 'ight next to it is death. Maybe de death of de O'acle will cause de St'uctu'e's destuction. Eithah way, we have to do somet'ing. We can't let events unfold without doing somet'ing."
He smiled. Even scared, Ameena was ready to ruffle some feathers. It shouldn't be surprising, though. If guerillas and crooked politicians couldn't stop her, then the threat of Demon's Wrath wouldn't either. "Okay, Hell Raiser, what do you suggest?"
"I was told that dere is moah to dis … p'ophecies dating back befo'e Dietti. Dere ah even 'ecods of de true account of a death in a 'esticted liba'ee govened by de O'acle. If we get enough suppo't, and 'equest de O'acle b'ing fo'ward this info'mation, den we can p'obably stop dis." She stopped, shaking her head and frowning. "First we'll go ovah what you have, to see if it can help us. And …" She tilted her head to one side awkwardly.
"Ameena--"
"I …" She looked at him, and her eyes glazed over. Her mouth opened, head tilting back, jerking. Her eyes rolled up until only white could be seen. Her body slumped to the side, falling out of the chair.
Paul scrambled to catch her. He checked her pulse to see if she was still alive. Everything had happened so fast. He slapped her face, tried to breathe air into her lungs, but her skin was already cooling and paling. He looked around the bar, screaming for help, but none of the occupants seemed concerned.
None of them even looked in his direction as he yelled. He grew silent as the barkeep looked back at him slowly, with no emotion. He just stared at Paul before he turned away. 
Looking down at Ameena, Paul braced himself, feeling pressure like fingers clawing into his head. The wormlike energy reached into his heart, crawling under his skin, seeking to kill him. As his heart stopped and vision began to dim, his eyes were opened to how real Moon was, and he prayed that God was just as real.

()()()


Silver Springs, Maryland

Ollie made her way back to her apartment, trying to understand the look Granger had given her after coming from the shaman. He'd looked sick. What did Mama tell him? He'd said nothing to Ollie, but something was bothering him. It was best to leave him with Joc, because if anyone could help him through it, it would be his best friend.
After packing, Ollie lay on the bed, resting her mind before Geo came to get her. She was dead tired and needed a few minutes to collect herself before she was whisked away to Granger's floating palace.
Ollie awoke with a jerk. Had she fallen asleep? Her heart hammered as her eyes adjusted from sleep to alertness. The first thing her eyes caught hold of was a pair of big, brown, concerned eyes. Her breathing finally caught up with her, as did the pain in her back. Ellis was sitting on the bed next to her, looking extremely frightened.
"What? What's going on?" she said, sitting up, ignoring the pain. "What happened?" Something had to have happened for him to look like that.
"You … you don't sleep that deep, Ollie." His voice was soft. His eyes skimmed over her as she took a deep sigh of relief.
"Man." Her heart finally stopped pounding. "You scared the--"
"How do you suppose I feel right now? It took me five minutes to get you to stir. And a few more just to get you to wake. Ollie, you sleep lighter than most of us."
"What time is it?" She looked over at the clock, not wanting to go there with him right then. She tried to focus, but the numbers on the digital clock blurred. Hell.
"Ollie." His voice commanded her attention.
"I don't have answers for you. Not yet." She sat forward and kissed him on the cheek. "I need to get ready."
"All your bags packed?"
"Yeah. I need a shower."
He took in a deep breath, shaking his head angrily. "Fine. Meet us downstairs." He got up, snatched up her bags by the door, and left. He wanted her to be well as much as she wanted him to be happy. 
She looked back over at the clock, only to notice a glow from her phone on the nightstand. It showed that someone had called her. Leaning over, she picked it up and checked the caller ID.
It was a restricted number, which meant it could be anybody, but it was very recent. By minutes. Damn, she had slept hard. She checked her messages; she had received one. 
"I came to ask if you got my message from your uncle but you were sleeping so hard. I almost had time to slit your throat," the male voice breathed before hanging up. 
Ollie cringed, gripping the phone until her knuckles began to lose color. Son of a …
She lay back down, letting the phone roll from her fingertips. Tears came to her eyes as she let the pain grip her. No. This was nothing like before. What was happening to her? Answers? There were none. Not even her mother's family could answer her questions. She pulled in a deep breath, letting the pain ease. She slowly rose from bed, wiping her eyes before making her way to the shower. She let the peppermint-rosemary bodywash wake her as the spray of water cascaded down her skin. She made sure the water was as hot as she could stand it, to match the pain in her back. It wouldn't defeat her. She smiled to herself before she got out of the shower, dried, and dressed.
It was late at night, so Ollie did not expect the kids to still be awake, but as she passed by her living room, she saw everyone in the living area, waiting for her.
They all ran up to hug her.
"Ollie, I haven't seen much of you since you got back. I was hoping we could hang out more." Miko missed her. Ollie hated that.
"You have the others to hang with. You don't need me right now, but I'll be back." Ollie sighed, wishing she was back right now. "Aren't you all supposed to be in bed?" She swallowed the lump forming in her throat.
Sunny grinned wearily. "Yeah, but we wanted to say good-bye." 
Damn. "I'll be back before you know it." She kissed him on the nose. "Y'all take care of each other while I'm gone. Don't make me kick your asses." She grinned at O-no.
"We will." He laughed, knowing he already had one strike against him.
She missed them already. Okay, no more mushy stuff. "I've got to go. Love ya." She unwrapped Miko's arms from around her.
"You better!" O-no nodded, and everyone agreed. He grabbed Miko and let her wrap her arms around him.
"Lock up after me." She winked at him, leaving them behind. It shouldn't be this hard. This has to be done to protect them. No matter how much she wanted to kill for them, it was best for her to lay low. If anyone found out who or what she was, her family would be in even more trouble. So this was for them.
Downstairs in the parking garage, Granger and Ellis stood waiting outside Geo's jeep. Granger looked as suspicious now as he did before. Ellis had dread on his face.
She grinned. "Leave it to a woman to arrive fashionably late." 
"Just get in," Granger grunted, getting in the driver's seat. Ellis got in back, leaving the passenger seat for her. "You know," Granger said as he started the car, "your brother's a bit anal."
Ollie laughed, knowing all too well how particular Ellis was.
"What was that?" Ellis asked politely.
"He said you're an ass!" Ollie shouted, though he'd heard it the first time.
"Hilarious," Ellis groaned.


()()()


Ellis sat in the back of the jeep as they drove to the docks in Baltimore, right onto Granger's yacht, Heart of Gold. The biggest yacht on the whole dock was not just a rich man's toy, it was his home. Ellis was quite impressed by how the man spent his money. From Ollie's badgering, they had learned that he lived out not only in his yacht, but in his personal plane as well. He didn't keep a permanent residence, because of his business dealings, but he did have several real-estate properties that included casinos and hotels; if he needed to stay at one, he could.
The man had no dreams or aspirations to settle in one place. But this was not odd for someone of his level. Most individuals beyond Level Two were nomadic. They tended to be happier in new environments, breathing in different cultures, learning, growing, feeding their curiosity and understanding. Granger was no exception.
He took an active role in the day-to-day business of the world, which Ellis found fascinating. Many higher-levels found serenity in observing, while Granger found his enlightenment in doing, working, touching, tasting, creating, and manipulating. It became obvious to Ellis that it was Granger's hands-on approach that gained him such respect and loyalty.
"Man … is that a pool?" Ollie grinned as she checked out the pool and the mosaic artwork at the bottom of it. The mosaic was a replica of Aaron Douglas's 1927 work The Creation. Ellis was amazed at the detail and the color.
"Not even the original is that dynamic," Ellis said, looking over the watery image.
"Well, his work has faded over time. So I decided to get an associate of mine to recreate it as if Aaron himself had done it recently," Granger said, walking past them shrugging.
"Hell, man, it turned out nice," Ollie commented.
"Thank you. Well, make yourself at home." His words came out sounding uncharacteristically uncertain. He wasn't used to company on his floating residence.
A man who looked of Asian descent, possibly East Indian, came out onto the sun deck and looked down at them. He was dressed in loose-fitting off-white clothing that made Ellis think he was a yoga instructor. "Augustus," the man called down to Granger, who immediately looked up.
"Yes?"
"A tour?" The man stood respectfully.
"Yeah, man, a tour!" Ollie shouted.
Granger groaned, rubbing his bald head. He turned to face Ollie with a perturbed look on his face. Ollie just laughed and winked at him. She was starting to get to him. And it was about time. The soul possessor seemed too unaffected by his twin, and she affected everyone. At least, now Ellis knew the man was not made of stone.
Granger shook his head. "I would like you all to meet Dr. Arjun Ravi Dwevedi. Arjun, this is Ollie and Ellis."
"Dr. Dwevedi, world-renowned specialist in world religions and philosophies. I am honored." Ellis bowed his head.
"Ha. I bet you could take him," Ollie said, making Granger chuckle.
"Ollie, please." Ellis frowned at her total lack of respect.
"No, Dr. Mason, it is I who am honored. Three doctorates before the age of twenty-five is no small feat and one even I was not able to achieve. We should talk later." Dwevedi's East Indian accent was so light it was barely noticeable.
"Three doctorates?" Granger looked at Ellis, who just shrugged it off.
"Told ya." Ollie grinned, liking her little victory.
"Follow me," Granger instructed. "Three?" he breathed, clearly shocked.
"Yeah, he received the English doctorate at twenty, after he finished his master's in psychology. Then he received his history and philosophy doctorate three years ago. He's thinking of pursuing law or sociology next," Ollie said with her head held high. "My twin is beyond brilliant. Hell, he even speaks eight languages, not including English. Mostly to translate speech with some of our other brothers and sisters." She wrapped her arms around Ellis, laying her head on his back. Ellis could not help but grin. Though she was blatant and unrepentant, she was his sister, and the best sister any brother could have. "If you ask my opinion, he's wastin' it." There went her Best Sister award.
"Drop it, Ollie." Ellis pulled away from her.
"I thought you read Ellis. Didn't you know he had three doctorates?" Ollie looked at Granger, perplexed.
"Contrary to what you believe, I don't read everything. I like some things to be a mystery. It's boring to know everything right away," he answered as they followed him through the main deck. He showed them the recreation room, the living room, the dining room, the guest cabins, and the private area that housed his main suite. He took them to the sun deck, where there was a bar and an excellent view of the ocean and city as the ship set out into the great blue. He showed them the bridge deck and the bridge.
"Ollie, the bridge is off limits to you if you insist on touching anything." Granger narrowed his eyes at her, knowing her mischievous nature. Ellis didn't know if he appreciated Granger's warning or hated the way he looked at his sister.
"In other words, you want me to behave. Look, Caesar, I'm not in a habit of getting the people I care about most killed. That would include the people they care about as well." Ellis looked at Ollie, shocked. Was she referring to Granger when she made that statement? He turned to Granger whose eyebrows were raised in shock. Ellis was very uncomfortable with this new bond they seemed to share.
"Settle down, big man." Ollie grabbed Ellis's arm and dragged him forward, because he was brooding and glaring. "So, what's next on the tour?"
Granger laughed. "Why do I feel like a chew toy all of a sudden?" 
"Hey!" Ollie grabbed Ellis's jaw with one hand, making him look at her. "Cut it out." Her words were forceful. She was annoyed. She pulled him to the side. 
Granger continued walking, so as not to get involved, because Ellis was about to get an earful. 
"How long you think we're gonna be a guest of Granger's if you continue to act like that?" she snapped.
Ellis let out a rush of breath.
"Granger's being more than hospitable, considering he doesn't have to do any of this. And you're the one who's supposed to be keeping me out of trouble, not the other way around. However, if I need to smack the hell out of you, let's get it over with."
"I'm good."
"Stay that way, or at the next port stop, I'm taking off like I wanted to do in the first place," she said, walking off.
That was what Ellis was afraid of. Any moment, she could take off to retaliate against all those coming after her and Mama. If that happened, she would not surface until it was all over or she was dead. He had to keep himself under control, if for no reason other than to keep her in control.
He could hear Mama now: Protect her with your love, not your hate. Promise me.

()()()


Atlanta, Georgia

Arthur read Elliot's detailed reports of River's hostile invasion of Flame dominated territory in the northeast metropolitan area. The other faction members looked toward him for guidance, now that he was in charge of the Oracle business. The other leaders wanted to kick out River by force, but Arthur wanted to see what had made them choose to invade so abruptly. What in that area made River incur the attention of Flame and Breath? He made sure that everyone in the area kept an open eye on all River activity, and he said not to attack unless they attacked first. 
When he learned that all the River intruders were from Mary, Arthur's antenna went up. She had found something. He needed to know what. Rumor had it that she was looking for Demon's Wrath, so maybe she had found a lead. Or maybe she had found something more interesting.
Subtly wasn't her game, so following her actions wouldn't be hard. That was what he needed to do--see what she uncovered before he did anything irrational. Genius. And if she found something dangerous, he'd let the trap get her.
Arthur wondered if the bull would charge.
She did.
Arthur was in the office early that morning after getting an interesting phone call from Elliot. River had attacked in the warehouse district of one of Flame's major cities, but the building was not owned by anyone in Flame. After doing some digging, Elliot had found that the building belonged to an Ella Oden. Nothing was known about the woman, but that was the only building she owned in the whole world. The aftermath of the attack showed nothing. The place had been cleaned up and cleaned out before the sun rose. However, according to Elliot, someone had gotten some exclusive information, for Arthur's eyes only. 
"I'm logging into my account as we speak," he said into his cell phone as he entered the password to his e-mail account. "Yes, I got the e-mail."
"Open the attachment." Elliot yawned.
"Elliot, did you get any sleep?" Arthur asked, concerned. The last thing he needed was his number one agent slipping up and getting hurt. Too much depended on him.
"I'll be fine, boss." The man chuckled, which meant no.
Once he had clicked on the attached file, a picture began to download. And right there on his computer screen, in glorious pixels, was an image of Fire Eye standing on the roof with another man in all white whose back was turned toward the camera.
"This is real?" Arthur toes curled in excitement.
"Yes, very. We are trying to comb the city now for her, but I guarantee you she's gone by now. And there's more."
"More?"
"The man she's with--"
"You know him? You can find him?"
"No, sir. Nothing about him could be revealed from that distance, with his back turned. However, the photographer did notice something … wrong."
Arthur was not sure he liked the sound of that. "Wrong?"
"The man just disappeared. Jumped up in the air, and poof."
That made no sense. "Clarify this for me. Because last time I checked, no one can just disappear unless they were never there in the first place." There were powers with which people had the ability to appear to disappear--camouflage, illusions--but nothing in which they literally disappeared.
"Actually, we checked out the area he was standing in, and the seer said the man jumped up into the darkness and the darkness took him, energy and all."
"Wha--? Is that possible?" Arthur had never heard of such abilities. Acrobats and gravity manipulators could climb walls or practically fly, but … Even though teleportation was spoken of, it never had been documented or confirmed. It was merely myth.
"Well, sir, there has only been one other recorded ability like that or even close to it. They call it shadow dwelling--the ability to travel and blend with the shadows. But sir, the only recorded practitioners belonged to …"
"Well?" Arthur sat on the edge of his seat with knots in his stomach.
"Moon." 
The phone slipped from Arthur's hand as the word swirled in his head. House of Moon. House Moon. Moon. What were the implications? What did this mean? Fire Eye had ties to Moon? Fire Eye … had ties to … This could not be. 
This could work.
Arthur snapped out of it as he scrambled for the phone.
"Sir, hello? Sir?"
"Elliot, listen. I need you to call Sebastian Crenshaw of House Blade. Set up a meeting. Tell him it's an urgent matter."
"Are you sure, sir?"
"Absolutely. And keep an eye on River." Arthur felt his plan was going far better than he could have anticipated. If Mary didn't lead him to what he wanted, Blade could bring it to him. Beautiful.

()()()



13



Heart of Gold, somewhere in the Atlantic Ocean

The attendants had set her belongings in the room hours ago, but Ollie didn't unpack. She needed to be prepared for anything. Every nerve in her body was on edge. No matter what Geo had said, it wasn't going to be okay. Why the hell had she agreed to this confinement?
"Damn, damn, damn."
As she paced in the room, realization tapped on her shoulder. She hated being on this floating island with no escape. That was why he had suggested it: to limit her escape options. Granger had said that if they needed anything, they should just ask one of the attendants, but that didn't include a motorboat or helicopter. An empty helicopter pad sat above the bridge, so Granger had a helicopter, but he must've had it flown away to keep her from trying to use it. She didn't know how to fly it; however, someone on this rig did, and she would definitely kidnap them if need be. Ellis could fly it, but without using her powers on him, there was no way to convince him to fly it for her. 
The motorboat that was on the lowest deck to the loading dock was off limits, and he probably had the key in his briefs to keep her from looking for it. She wouldn't mind looking for it if he did have it on himself.
Damn. Damn.
He and Geo had thought of everything. But Ollie would figure it out. No more sitting on her hands. It was driving her out of her own skin. 
Mary Alexander and anyone else annoying her was bound to cross her path sooner rather than later, if Ollie could figure out how. But that wouldn't work if Granger was too busy paying attention. She had a clue that he and Geo had already agreed to keep an eye on her. Which meant he was probably monitoring her thoughts as well. Damn soul possessor. Damn Geo. They were better friends than she'd thought.
When her phone rang, she stopped pacing to answer it.
"Hel--"
Heavy breathing came over the line.
Him again? "Listen, demon-ass, you've been calling me a lot lately. This is getting old fast. So unless you want to show your ugly-ass face, I suggest you find your hard-on somewhere else."
His laughter made her skin crawl.
"I love your spunk," he said. "I have a message for you, my little caged rat."
"What?"
"Devil's Trill says that if Ellis doesn't do the job, I get to."
"Really? So he foresaw some great scheme on my part, did he?" Ollie wondered where he was calling from. If he was nearby, it be easy to hunt him down and kill him.
"You become the very threat we fear."
"Good, then I get to finally meet you."
"You really sound thrilled." 
"More than thrilled, you sick prick. Because when I'm finished watching you shit yourself, I'm going to pluck out your eyes so you can stop spying on me. And then I'm going to feed them to you as you scream--"
"And you call me sick," he hang up.
Well, that was a first. She was the one who usually hung up on him. Had she finally gotten under his skin? Hell, yeah.
Feeling better, Ollie left the room to see what kind of trouble she could get in and maybe find a way off the boat.


()()()


Granger sat on a lounge chair, looking out over the moving surface of the ocean, hoping his mind would clear. This war was going to get far more attention than it deserved. Bethea Smoking Shaman hadn't been an active Oracle for the past seventy-five years, and it had to do with the peace and stillness between the Houses, the first peace for more than one thousand years. Conflict was still underlying, but it was nothing worth her pulling out her power. 
Now that conflict was rising and causing problems, would she respond? And what about her earlier words? The news she had delivered to him kept hammering in his head.
Moon was wronged, and the House that now lies in the shadows is the one to carry the Structure. 
Carry the Structure? How would they do that when there were millions in the Structure and only thousands in Moon? They were almost extinct.
They were once known as the House of Octarchy. Did you know that? I wonder, why were they named that? Why get rid of the smallest and least powerful House in the entire system, if they held no threat? 
Though everyone in the Structure knew the history behind Moon, the way she put the questions made Granger want to dig and see the answers for himself. She had even laughed at him.
You deal with Moon on so many levels, earned their trust like so few have, and yet you do not truly know the House's nature. Do not worry. It will soon come to light. And she will be the torch to show you the way.
Ollie. The damn troublemaker had to be that very torch the Oracle was talking about. No doubt lay in his mind. None. Every nerve of his had tingled the moment she had thanked him for watching after their Moon. Though he couldn't find proof in the memories he'd gained from Ollie, so far there was never any mention of what House she belonged to. It was always assumed that since Ellis was Sun, so was she. Now he wasn't so sure.
"You are thinking so hard, you did not even notice my approach, Augustus. What has your mind, I wonder?" The East Indian accent brought Granger back onto the boat as Arjun sat in the lounge chair next to him.
"Arjun," Granger greeted him.
"I see you are bothered by something. Deeply so. And it must weigh heavily if you, my friend, did not seek me out."
"I didn't know if you would give me the truth I seek or the answers I can find anywhere." He looked at his mentor quietly.
"Hmm." Arjun frowned, clearly concerned. "Have I ever given you reason to question?"
"That's just it. I've been to the Temple of Enlightenment and read the archives myself, but recently I've heard words that make me question the things I have learned. Not that you would lie to me, but clearly you couldn't give me the answers to my questions if you have learned the same things I have. Correct?"
Arjun's silence unsettled him. Damn.
"Arjun?"
"I know many things, Augustus. You know this. But many of the things I know cannot be proven through research. No evidence or irrefutable proof. Therefore, why give you stories? I can only speak the truth about the tangible."
"Because, Arjun, you see the past as it was. You know the true history."
"But have nothing you can hold. While my words may be enough for some, they will not be enough for you."
Granger understood. Arjun would never give him any information until Granger was ready, especially if Arjun had nothing to back up his claims. Arjun was a historian, able to see into the past. It was a power that was as useful as it was complicated. While he could see events when they had taken place, no one else could. And for most, seeing was believing. He could document all of his visions, chronicle the past, but if he did not have hard evidence, artifacts, something to prove his visions, then they were not considered accurate in the Structure. 
Granger knew better. "Then I will listen to what you have to say, and form my own thoughts."
"Very well. What is your question?"
"Tell me about the history of House Moon. The real history and the real reason they are no longer a part of the Structure."
Arjun laughed. "There is no House Moon. There never was."
"What?" Granger grew angry at Arjun's condescension. He stood up to leave.
"I speak the truth," Arjun said sternly. "Sit and listen, my pupil, as you said you would."
Granger stood there, momentarily wondering if he was truly ready to hear Arjun's words.
"Have you never wondered why such a small, insignificant House posed a threat powerful enough to be hunted down like prey?" His words were much like the Oracle's.
"Actually, I have, after the Oracle pointed out that very thing."
"I see. You spoke with her." Arjun's jaw slacked. "Indeed, you have achieved something most cannot. I am in awe." He smiled. "Then why did she not tell you herself?"
"She only posed the questions. She gave me no answers."
"Hmmm, then it is because she wanted you to seek the truth yourself. And here you are."
Granger was starting to see a grim reality. The truth wasn't always food that was easy to swallow.
"Why not ask your Moon contacts?" Arjun smiled knowingly.
"You know as well as I do that they are close-mouthed. They don't even show pride in being Moon."
"And yet they protect each other like family. Upholding a code that is as old as the House itself. Why is that?" 
Yes, why was that? Moon had a strict code that they honored and made those they dealt with uphold. They had a sense of honor that some would consider sacred. However, they would deny their titles, having no claim to Moon. Even more interesting was that they would rather hide in the shadows than stand up for themselves.
"They are very secretive. That would explain why they do not acknowledge themselves as Moon," Granger reasoned.
"Or could it be … they are not Moon at all."
Again? Why did Arjun persist in telling him that Moon did not exist when Granger dealt with them on a day-to-day basis? "Then who are they?"
"A nameless, faceless entity. An entity whose reach is far wider than your own. And I fear that my words may carry to them. But I will tell you what I know and what they may not approve of."
Whatever his mentor had to say might be the very reason Granger didn't like dealing with Moon on some levels. They were not the kind to sit back and let their secrets slip without repercussions. Those who crossed the House (or whatever they were) ended up missing. Dead.
"Why aren't they considered a House?" Granger asked.
"The Structure considered Moon a House at one time. But they themselves never did. Let me explain." According to Arjun, when the Structure first began creating seals, they had to be designed based on how the type of energy each House possessed should be used properly. While enlightenment did require an understanding of the connection of oneself to all things, it also required knowledge of how internal energy worked. For instance, Flame's emotional energy was rooted in emotion. They needed to control their emotions and understand the emotions that fueled their energy, just as River had to understand their own spirits and the energy that flowed from them. 
Stone was the only energy that flowed from the outside, resembling the old ways more than any other House. Stone's energy was a process of cycling energy, letting external energy flow internally and then back out. Their enlightenment required a harmony of environment with internal energy. Breath was based on life energy, using an individual's life force to drive the powers and the knowledge of life to progress through enlightenment. Mental energy was the basis of Sun's powers, meaning that the mind was the central focus of the energy and the expansion of the mind was the door to enlightenment. Physical energy was at the root of Blade's power, in which respect of the body and its limits was paramount. And Heart could balance any or all of these energies to fuel their abilities; balance was very critical in their House--more critical than in any other House.
Those were the original seven Houses, the only ones truly formed. However, there was a small group inside the Structure whose powers and enlightenment did not fit into any of the Houses. This was because their abilities were derived from dark energy, energy that came from the darker side of humanity--negative energy, sometimes destructive energy. Their enlightenment had to be far different from all the others.
As he spoke, Arjun frowned in that way he always did when he had trouble reading the past. His brows drew together, his lips pursed, and his eyes lost focus. It was hard for him to see any more on their enlightenment. But he did note that they were considered misfits and outcasts because of the dark energy, until the first Oracle sought to make a use for them. 
Bringing them together, these misfits lived to serve the Oracle and only the Oracle. They were the Oracle's arms, legs, voice, and shadow. It was these individuals who were deemed worthy to choose the successor, because it was this group that knew more about the Oracle's position than any other. They were known as the Order of the Oracle. But later, when it was realized that Moon truly had power over the Structure, since they were the ones to choose the Oracle and train the Oracle for the benefit of the House, the Structure sought to give them a name. 
The first name given was the House of Oracle, and because the Oracle was considered the guiding light or shining sun of the Structure, some called them House of the Shining Sun. But there was already a House of Sun, so they were also considered House of the Second Sun. In some languages, Second Sun could translate into Night Sun or …
"Moon." Granger sighed, beginning to see the picture.
"Exactly. That was the name that stuck, because their powers are based on dark energy. Moon had many names but never took a seat in the Grand House. They refused to be anything more than what they were appointed for--to pick, train, protect, and serve the Oracle. They are the Order."
Arjun brought his left hand to his chin, placing his right hand under his left elbow for support as he focused. His mind traveled to the past, and Granger's mind followed.
More than three thousand years ago, when the Oracle Dietti had died from assassination, Moon was automatically blamed, because none of them had saved the Oracle, and it was presumed that they were the only ones able to get close enough to kill the Oracle. Some believed they had done it because they wanted the power for themselves; some believed they were trying to ruin the Structure. Most were not clear on whether they had actually committed the crime. But one thing was for sure: it had ruined Moon. Ever since, Moon had been hunted down for treachery. Soon after the witch-hunt for Moon began, the Grand House had implemented new rules and regulations for selecting candidates for the Oracle position. And the new rules had stuck. Because Moon had yet to be totally wiped out, Heart, who had always been Moon's connection to the rest of the Structure, continued to deal with Moon even after their persecution.
And after the persecution? 
About one thousand years ago, Heart split down the middle, between those who wanted to use Moon to further their claim to power and those who wanted to continue to support Moon. The conflict escalated into a civil war, until the Oracle stepped in. The incident devastated Heart, staining their reputation within the Structure. But through continued secret involvement with Moon, they had grown back to a respectable place and had an inner loyalty that rivaled most Houses. Even with the constant manhunt, Moon, through, the years had prevailed.
Granger sat silent. No words came to him. For all his learning, he had never known that Moon had been so important to the Structure. No one had. And the few who did were tight-lipped. "Why erase their history?"
"It was their doing. They erased the truth. But I do not know why. I do not see everything, you know," Arjun said sadly. The truth was that Arjun was only a level-three, making his abilities as a historian powerful but still limited.
"What about House of Octarchy? The Oracle said they were once called that."
Arjun thought for a while. Granger noticed his brown eyes lightened, reaching into the past. It appeared that the Oracle was once known as the Great Octarchy, the voice of eight rulers, so it would make sense that they were known as the House of Octarchy. "I would have to look more into it," Arjun said, shaking his head. It always put strain on him to reach farther into the past. It had to be buried very deep for him to look so tired all of a sudden. "I did see that your friend, the one you brought with you, may have answers that are far more accurate than mine."
Granger sat up immediately. Ollie. Damn, she was the last person he wanted to talk to. Her presence made him uncomfortable and her smile even more so. She didn't have the ability to read him, yet she could see him so clearly. It was amazing how much he knew about her, and yet knew nothing at all. Why did she know so much about him? What about him fascinated her other than his goal of enlightenment? And why was she such a nuisance?
"Speak of the devil." Granger looked toward the steps as he felt her approach. She came bounding up the steps with a grin on her face and immediately stopped in wonder, looking back and forth between he and Arjun as they stared at her.
"Caesar, I thought we'd moved past this annoyed look you keep giving me."
"Caesar?" Arjun laughed. "Now, why didn't I think of that?"
Granger groaned. Only Ollie's annoying naming habits would gain notice and catch like a virus. "What do you want?"


()()()


Ollie grinned as the two men stared her down. Arjun was a small man with short black hair, round brown eyes, and a big warm smile. He looked welcoming, unlike his pupil with the grim expression that could contend with Geo's looks of disapproval. 
"You mean you can't tell me?" she teased. He was far too serious to suit her.
"You can ask any one of the attendants, and they could easily help you--"
"Clearly you're not focused, so I'll indulge you. Ellis wants to cook dinner for you and your crew, in return for your hospitality, and your chef has a stick up his ass, refusing to let anyone into the kitchen," she explained to him.
"James is kind of temperamental about his space. He claims the kitchen, but I am sure we can arrange something." Arjun stood up. "This will give me some time to speak with your brother. I would really like to see his views on some … issues." He nodded his head at her before departing. Such a warm soul, unlike …
"You really could learn to lighten up, like him." Ollie looked down at his bald head.
"Ollie, I like my solitude. Why don't you go finish playing with Ellis?" Granger turned to lean back in his chair, dismissing her.
Oh, hell no. "For someone who likes his solitude, you seem to be keeping a good eye on me and my brother." Ollie wasn't going to give up on any hint that he might be interested in her, especially since she had been interested in him since she was a child. And he had showed a hint of human emotion before.
"Some things can't be helped."
"Granger, you can shut it off like a faucet if you choose to. So don't give me that bullshit. Why can't you admit what you feel, or might feel, or even think?"
"Because it is like you say it is--bullshit." He wasn't about to budge on the matter.
"Fine." She was getting damn tired of his moods. "Then you can at least tell me why you haven't even tried to look at me or talk to me."
"I don't know what you are talking about."
"Now who's bullshitting who?" Ollie walked over to him and sat on the end of the lounge chair, straddling his legs. And he didn't seem the least bit surprised. "Caesar, you've been avoiding me, keeping your distance the way you used to, ever since you left from your talk with Mama. You make me feel like some kind of leper." And as soon as the words passed her lips, it dawned on her. Mama had told him who she was. What she was. Ollie couldn't believe it. Why would Mama …?
The pain in her back and side began to grow at an alarming rate. Rising from the chair, she made her way to the stairs. She couldn't be near him, couldn't face him. Not anymore. But before she got to the stairs, Granger's arms wrapped around her.
"Get the--" She tried to squirm free, but he turned her around quickly and pulled her into his arms. Embracing her, his hands slid up the back of her shirt and immediately began to alleviate the pain threatening to cripple her. Even though he eased the pain, she couldn't stand to look at him. She didn't want to see the look of distrust, fear, hate, or condemnation. She'd had enough of it.
But it was his next action that caught her completely off guard. His head touched the side of her face. His forehead pressed against the side of her forehead, and he inhaled. He was breathing her in, sending chills and heat all over her skin. She grabbed his upper arms to brace herself, feeling that any moment she would melt. Her heart skipped beats as she tried to believe she was making things up in her head. But she wasn't one to lie to herself, and she wasn't about to now. Especially since his nose was so close to her skin. And his lips …
Ollie moved ever so slightly to meet his face. With eyes closed, his face looked at ease so close to her. At ease? Not disgust? He opened his eyes and gave her a look of complete apology. Complete remorse. His lips began to brush lightly against hers as she just stared into his silver eyes. So captivating. Beautiful. Was this really happening. Oh yeah.
"Hey, Ollie." 
Damn it. Ellis's voice made Ollie jump, and Granger let her go. She turned toward the stairs just as he appeared. 
"I was wondering what you wanted to eat, since James is finally allowing me into the kitchen." He grinned, holding up an onion. His eyes shifted from her to Granger, then back again. 
Damn it. 
His grin slowly dimmed. "What's going on?"
Your horrible timing. "We were talking. And you know I don't care what you fix," she said, heading for the stairs.
"Are you telling me that those guilty looks on your faces were nothing?" Heading down the stairs, Ellis refused to let it go. She could have screamed.
"Guilt? Man, you must be seeing things."
Ellis ran in front of her and stopped her. "Did you forget that I'm your twin? I've known you since the womb, woman, so I know your looks better than anybody."
"Give me a frickin' break. You're overreacting." Ollie waved her hand, walking around him. He didn't push farther, which was good, because she didn't want a mess between Ellis and Granger. Though Ellis's change of subject came quickly, easing her worry, her heart was still pounding in her chest from Granger's warm hands on her skin. Oh, was she in trouble.

()()()


New York, New York

The seer of Heart ran down the steps, toward the subway. He was being followed. His power allowed him to see that much, but who was following him? The faces were just shadows. Whoever it was had a malevolent ability, allowing them to remain concealed while casting shadows of themselves. Which spelled big trouble. Moon trouble. 
He tried to call Granger, but he dropped his phone and was too terrified to turn around to go back after it. He shouldn't have delved into Moon business. But he'd had no idea they would find out. His only hope now was the subway.
As he ran, he remembered the information he had discovered. The Structure was going to be destroyed. How? With a power that had not been around for ten thousand years, one that was far more destructive than any ability that existed. And it was equal in magnitude to that of the Oracle's own abilities. If what he saw was right, Moon had a hand in creating this power. That was the reason they were killing seers and anyone else who might find out: to keep it a secret. 
He had to warn Granger. He had to reach the train.
But he arrived too late. The subway train was already taking off. What now? Should he stay in the crowd of people that were leaving the station, in the hope that his pursuers would not try anything with so many witnesses? Or run as fast and as far as he could and try to lose them? 
"It's futile, seer." The whisper touched his ear. A shadow brushed past him as he turned to look for the source. But all he saw were people passing by, ignoring him. Didn't they see the shadows? They were so visible and tangible. Taunting him. Toying with him. With him only.
"Who are you?" he whispered.
"You know too much, far too much," the shadow whispered, singeing as it passed over his skin. The pain was steady and sharp, as if his skin were being peeled slowly.
He screamed in agony, and everyone around him turned to look at him. Some came to his aid, but there was nothing they could do. They could not even see it. He was going to die.
"Stop, please!" he screamed.
"Please stop!" it mocked. "Granger can't save you. What will you do now, seer of Heart?" The voice became grave as the shadows surrounded him.

()()()



14



Heart of Gold, somewhere in the Atlantic Ocean

Dinner was unusual for Ollie, sitting with Granger and his "family." Arjun and most of the ship's crew were like a family to Granger, the way they talked and laughed. None of them was blood-related, but they acted like a family. Ollie had thought Granger had forgotten about his father after his mother's death, but in truth, he had … replaced the man. Arjun seemed to fill that role now.
As they ate, Ollie couldn't help but notice that Granger's eyes kept drifting over to her. It was killing her not to say anything, but it wasn't a good time. She needed to figure it all out--if she could think straight. He was walking around in her head, along with her family and her job. Everything was getting in the way of her thinking straight. She really needed to kill something. 
"Now, that is an interesting point of view, Ellis. Ollie, what do you think?" Arjun turned to her.
"Sorry, I don't. That's Ellis's job. He's the brains and brawn. I'm the pain in the ass." She grinned.
Arjun just laughed. "Clearly you sell yourself short. I can tell by your eyes that you are very intelligent."
Ollie burst into laughter. My eyes? He hadn't a clue.
"Ollie," Ellis said, reaching for her. But he wasn't going to use his power on her that easily. She moved away, out of his reach.
"No, Ellis. I want to know what else he can tell by looking at me."
Everyone at the table grew still and quiet. But Ollie couldn't contain herself. None of them knew her--not even her twin. She laughed as she picked up her plate and took it to the kitchen. She laughed until her sides began to sting and throb while she hovered over the sink. She laughed until tears streamed down her face. "My eyes!" She tried to catch her breath, but he was too much. The girl with the big brown eyes. Ooh, this is too good.
"Ollie." Ellis's hand came down on her shoulder.
"Did you hear him?" She wiped the tears from her eyes as she got under control, feeling the calming of his power. "He said that he could tell by my eyes that I'm intelligent. Tell me, Ellis--can you tell by my eyes?" Grinning, she dropped her guard, releasing her power, and looked up at him.
He grimaced.
"No, I didn't think so."
Granger came into the kitchen. "Ollie, is everything okay?" 
"Great." She didn't turn to look at him, and Ellis took a deep breath. "Not even you can stand to look at me," she whispered, turning away from him.
"That's not true." Ellis breathed as if the wind had been knocked out of him.
"Isn't it?" She turned back to look him in the eye, and he turned his head. "Then what is true?"
"I love you, Ollie."
"I know. And I, you. But tell me that you can stand to look at me--and mean it." 
He dropped his shoulders and turned to her. Though he looked her in her face, he couldn't say the words. He feared her. Her own twin. And he couldn't say the words.
"That's okay, Ellis," she said, walking away from him, toward Granger. "If you or Caesar need me, I'll be in my room," she said, passing Granger and letting the energy pass over her again.
Granger followed her out of the kitchen. "What's going on?" he asked.
"You mean you don't know?"
Halfway down the stairs to the guest rooms, he grabbed her arm. "Can't you just answer my question?"
Ollie jerked her arm away from him and kept going. "I could, but that would be a giveaway, and I don't do freebies." She continued walking.
"So you're just going to walk away? And not face it?"
His words knocked her in the back of the head. She turned to face him.
"Face what?" she hissed. "I do what I can to protect my family. If it wasn't for them, I wouldn't give a damn. I know who I am, I know what I am, and damn if it doesn't make me sick to know that others can't accept it. Face it? I face it every damn day. Every time I look in the mirror. Every time my family worries that someone will find out. I am not the one walking away." She got up in his face. "I face every one of my demons." She spoke very low and threateningly, not caring he was a soul possessor. Not caring how powerful he might be or what he might see. "Do you?"
His eyes softened. "I'm not that strong."
His words slapped her in the face. Not that …? She blinked, looking at him, stunned.
"I don't have your strength. I don't know many who do. How you can function with so many burdens is beyond me. I'm afraid to accept you, befriend you … because I'm afraid to admit that I'm a selfish bastard that fell in love with his best friend's girl." He'd knocked the wind from her lungs, and she stood there, stupefied. "Afraid to confront the darkness of disloyalty that is inside of me. The same damn loyalty that I pride myself on." His deep voice vibrated through her. "I will not betray him because of my fears and my weakness." He turned to leave.
Before her brain stopped her body, her hands pressed his shoulders into the wall and her lips came up on him hard. He wasn't leaving. Even in his weakness he was strong, and she wanted more. Knowing he had stayed away because he wanted her made her see him--truly see what he hid. The fever in her kiss slowly began to shift as his body's shock melted away. His mouth opened, taking her breath away again. And she loved it. Her lips tasted his lips, her tongue tasted his tongue, and she felt his hands on her back, bringing her closer. The pain shot through her body, mixing with the pleasure, intensifying her kiss. The feel of him was warm, muscular, inviting. Was it possible for such warmth to come from someone so … disciplined? Damn, he tastes good. 
She brought her hands up his shoulders and to his neck, until she was cupping his face. She took in his breath as their eyes met. The look on his face was mesmerizing, like he was seeing her for the first time. That was when it hit.
Breaking away and backing up from him, she closed her eyes. What was she thinking? How could she let it go far enough to drop her guard?
"Don't hide." His husky voice came closer. "You wouldn't let me run from you, so don't hide from me." His hand touched her chin. "Open them. Let me see your eyes." When she finally looked at him, she saw his smile. "Do you hate them?" he asked, studying them.
"They scare people, and unless that's what I'm going for, I don't want anyone afraid of me," she sighed. "I don't hate them, but I've never been a fan of them, for that reason." Her family preferred that she hid them. And to keep them from fearing her, she did. Bones and Mama were the only ones who liked them.
"One green and one …" He just looked at it as if it was the most wonderful thing. "Now I see why you like my eyes. Amazing."


()()()


The color was lava. Moving, swirling lava was the only way to describe it. The whole eye was engulfed in lava--no pupil or iris or white, just contained lava. It seemed almost alive. Fire Eye. Combined with the yellow-green iris of her left eye, it made her seem beautifully wicked. Devilish.
The only thing that had changed was her eyes when the illusion was dropped. And possibly the Moon seal that she kept concealed under clothing.
"It's so incredible."
She smiled an outrageous smile. With her guard down, she was even more beautiful. And though the darkness inside of her remained, she was remarkable on the outside. Different, but remarkably so.
"Funny, you are only the third to think so. Even my twin and Moon fear it. With these eyes, I see the same as anyone else. Well, maybe farther, clearer, sharper. I know I pick up on the smallest details. But they scare people." She sighed. She had hidden them for most of her life. Her powers allowed it, and now it was starting to make sense.
Without any reservations, he lifted her shirt. Just as he'd thought, the bruising on the side of her abdomen was slightly darkening the skin in a pattern unlike anything he had seen. The bruising was her seal spreading.
Looking up at her face, he saw in her no emotion. She was waiting for him to react. But how was he supposed to react to this? Finding out that she was Moon was one thing he could handle, given his ties to the House, but …
"Your seal started …" He dropped down on his knees and took her foot as she leaned forward, steadying her hands on his shoulders. He slipped off her sock and saw a well-defined seal decorating the light-brown skin of her left foot. It was a pattern woven of tight-knit symbols that left small spaces of bare skin shaped like crescent moons. The pattern coiled, twisted, and turned toward the paling skin at the bottoms of her feet, where it continued. He traced the black markings up her foot, feeling her shiver at his touch. His hand went up her ankle and pushed up her pants leg to her knee. What the hell.
He shifted to the other foot and pulled off that sock too; he pushed up the pant leg. If he didn't stop himself, he would strip her bare to see how far the seal stretched over her body.
"They don't know, do they?" His voice came out shaky, shocking him. Her family couldn't have known. Not something like this.
She laughed. "They would lock me in if they found out."
All he could do was stare at her feet. The bare portions of skin on her feet were so much lighter than the rest of her, because she kept them covered. And with good reason. She would have to use even more of her ability to keep them concealed. He closed his eyes, cursing. 
Olivia Mason was Level Three House Moon, bordering Level Four. The constant use of her power was causing the extreme pain when her seal spread. But she wasn't seeking enlightenment. Was she?
"You're seeking enlightenment?" He looked up at her.
"Nope, it just grows. Never understood it. Just accepted it."
Never sought enlightenment, and still … "What took me thirty years to accomplish took you twenty-eight, and you're telling me you never sought enlightenment?" 
"Nope."
He shook his head, not believing it. Her condition had some link to her power and seal. And it was definitely connected to her childhood trauma. But this did not make sense. The spread of the seal was impossible without enlightenment. There were safeguards in the seal that prevented such things. "Is it a Moon thing?"
"Nope, it ain't." She had answered his question, though the answer did not satisfy him. The House prodigy had attained the third level of enlightenment at age thirty and reached Level Four at age thirty-two. Everyone believed he would be of Pillar status by fifty.
She was a Level Three at the age of twenty-eight. She had, in a way, surpassed him, with no enlightenment. How? If she hadn't been House Moon, she would've been known as a prodigy. Her family hid her with good reason. And if anyone found out she was Moon and Level Three, Ollie would be marked for death. That was what Ollie feared her family would find out. Dread gutted him. "Am I the only one who knows?"
"I think Mama knows, but she won't say. Geo speculates. There is one I know for sure who knows."
What was he supposed to do now? He had known stuff that held weight, but next to the Oracle situation, this could turn the Structure on its back.
"George?" Because George was Moon and might know what to do if she asked him about it.
She just smiled. "He's my cousin. He knows things you don't, and you know things he doesn't," she answered cryptically. "And still there are things you both know and things you both don't know."
"Fine." She was such a pain at times. His mind traveled, plucking the information from her. "So he does."
"Good boy." She patted him on the back of the head before bending down to pick up her socks. "Though I don't mind you reading me, I like you undressing me better," she breathed in his ear.
Her words slid down his skin, making him uncomfortably warm all over. "This is serious, Ollie. Do you know what could happen if--"
"I've always known. Why do you think they killed my mother?" She said the words as if she was going to yawn at any moment.
Her memories told him why. Geo had found out two years after saving the twins. The doctor who had delivered the twins was of House River. After the twins were born, the doctor had let their mother bleed to death because she was Moon. They were given to a River family to be watched. If they formed a Moon seal, the children would be sold into slavery or given over to House Blade. Or killed. The normal and more acceptable procedure was to hand them over to Blade. But it was said that many children of Moon were handed over to slavers, and some were just killed.
Ellis's and Ollie's seals formed at the same time. Ellis's Sun and Ollie's Moon. They planned to sell her, so they locked her away. During the torment session, Ollie's powers had somehow spiked, making her seal spread and her eyes change. Was it that change that had caused this? And how? The seal prevented stuff like this. She was the one who had made her tormentor go insane. He had been put into an asylum, only to end his life there. 
It was believed that Moon had powers that were chaotic. Though they had always been secretive and their abilities were not well known, there was no proof of such chaos in their abilities. Though looking at Ollie's eyes, knowing her abilities, and seeing her seal … he was beginning to wonder.
And her powers were one of the formidable five: the five most dangerous abilities in the Structure. Her abilities were a weakened form of mind manipulation. She could cast illusions in the mind. Some of her illusions were almost concrete, affecting not only the eyes, but every aspect of a person's senses. The mind was totally submerged in them. That was why they called her rare abilities "the alternate realm." She could make a person feel, completely believe, have him utterly convinced that he had lived a lifetime in a world entirely different from the existing one--in a single moment. Or she could make him see, hear, and feel nothing at all, like living in a vacuum. Her abilities ranged from making small alterations to major illusions so deep that the mind could never grasp reality again. If she ever reached Level Four, those abilities could drastically change. And a level-four Moon was the Structure's biggest threat.
"Look, Caesar, I don't like people worrying about me. I would rather you keep your distance, as you did before, instead of worrying. It doesn't do me any good. I can't use it in a fight, and I can't eat it. So leave it behind." She walked down the corridor. "If you want to do something for me …" She turned back, looking at him with her lava eye. Completely wicked but sexy. "Help me find a way to get over you, so that this"--she pointed at him and then at herself--"does not spiral out of control." She walked away.
How was he going to help her when he needed help himself? Every time she was around, he could not think clearly. She was like a fog in his head. And now knowing that her seal was a large bull's-eye covering half of her body … he needed to do something.


()()()


"You let 'im run tests?" Her cousin's Cockney accent was disapproving after she had let him know that Granger had his medical staff check her over to see what they could find out. She wanted George to be prepared to destroy all the research after Granger was through. 
Granger agreed.
"I trust the man, but don't tell Ellis, or I'll hand you your Britain ass, George Ellington."
George laughed. "I'm not crazy." George knew all too well that Ellis was particular--and most particular about Ollie. "So, Loon, what are we lookin' at, a month or two before ye're freed from captivity?" 
"Hell, no. No way. Georgie, it's been only one day on this ship, and I'm already getting restless," Ollie said into her phone. She was sprawled across the couch as the TV watched her.
"Ye're on a bloody floatin' island, and ye're restless? I can' believe it. I'd be enjoyin' every bit of 'at vacation if I were you. At leas' Anka doesn' 'ave you pullin' double duty, trackin' down some hard-to-find folk." George sighed.
"Now, that I wouldn't mind doing. If you can reason with Geo, I'll switch with you."
"Like pullin' teef from a robin, love."
"Robins don't have teeth," Ollie laughed.
"Then you see me dilemma." He laughed with her. "Ummm, Loon, are you watchin' TV?" His laughter died completely.
"Yeah, it's on cartoons right now."
"Turn to CNN. Yer … ye're goin' to wanna see this." His voice was alarming.
She picked up the remote and flipped until she reached the channel in question. Ollie sat there for a moment, thinking she was watching a science fiction movie scene of some large battle. Then it registered. This was live and in Sacramento, California. Structure members were fighting openly on television, River attacking Stone. And because Stone's abilities were the most visible, that car flying across the television screen wasn't computer-generated.
Ollie shot up from the couch. "Oh … oh …"
James, Granger's chef, came up behind her, cursing. He immediately ran off, yelling for everyone to come to the living room.
"Georgie, what? What?"
"I've gotta call Creed," he breathed.
"Yeah, and Geo will …" have kittens. "Bye." She hung up and began to dial.
"What's going on?" Geo answered.
"Are you watching TV?" Ollie tried to keep from freaking.
"No, I'm packing, remember?"
"Turn on the damn television!" Ollie shouted into the phone. "Now!"
There was a pause, and then muffled voices came through the receiver. Even a curse she could have sworn came from O-no.
"What?" Ellis said, coming into the living room.
Geo finally got back to her. "What the hell?" 
It was a while before everyone calmed down and began to think.
"This would've never happened during the last war." Arjun shook his head in shock as he came to sit on the couch.
"We did not have mass communication two hundred years ago. We should have anticipated that the war would receive some notice," Ellis said in disbelief.
"Who would've thought that after a couple thousand years, we'd still act like barbarians?" Granger was the one most disappointed. He expected more from the Structure, and Ollie agreed. Though communications technology was far more advanced than it had been two hundred years ago, the Structure had the means to keep the events of the war quiet. For once, the Houses could have acted like civilized people and allowed the process of the choosing go without interference. 
"We're still packing, but we're definitely stepping up the speed. This is far more serious than I feel comfortable with. This is a big breach in the code." Ollie listened to Geo's voice over her phone as she caught Ellis glaring at Granger. "Joc and his people offered to escort them, but I declined."
"Good. The fewer who know their location, the better." 
"Agreed. Let me speak to Granger."
Ollie looked at Granger. "Geo wants a word." Granger crossed the room and took the phone. Ollie took Ellis's arm and ushered him out onto the main deck.
Ollie turned to face him. "I'll kick your ass." 
"What are you talking about?"
"I'm not as smart as you, but I ain't an idiot. Stop eyeing him. He did nothing wrong. If you want to be mad at someone, you're looking at her." Ollie saw the guilt in his droopy eyes and pouting lips. She wished she hadn't told him about showing Granger her eyes. Though at first he'd seemed okay with it, he had been moody ever since.
"Ollie, it was one thing for him to see into you, but it is totally different when you show him. I cannot help but feel as if we cannot trust him."
"You're only saying that now because he saw me with his own eyes. Ellis, you trusted him before that. I trust him now. And if he turns out to be untrustworthy, then we will handle it."
"What if we can't?"
"Dammit. Ellis, when this is all over, I'm going on a long vacation. Months, maybe a year. And you cannot come. Don't ask. You need to stop hovering," she said, trying to keep her voice down.
"Why are you--?"
"Listen to me." Ollie grabbed his face, smooshing his cheeks between her hands, making him focus on her. "Listen. I can't make you understand. I can't show you why. But we need space, you and I. I love you, but I want you to live your life. Stop hiding behind the past. It is done." 
He began to speak, and she smashed his cheeks harder. 
"Listen," she growled. "If you want to do anything for me, live. Get a girlfriend, teach, get fat--who cares? Just be happy. Because you're going to kill yourself worrying about me. And that I can't live with." A tear came from his eye. She took her thumb and wiped it away. "And if you don't, I'll beat the sense out of your worrisome ass." She smiled, trying to hold back her own tears.
"Am I that exasperating?" His voice were stronger than his face.
"I can't breathe, brutha." She pulled his face toward her and kissed him on the nose.
"Well, when you go on your vacation, will you at least call?" he asked, pulling away from her.
"Hell, no. You'll get O-no to trace the call."
"Damn, give me a little credit,"
"No way." 
"About Granger …" He looked down at Ollie.
"Ellis?"
"No. Wait. I trust him. If most of our family, even Bones, trusts him, then I know he is not a terrible guy. But just because we put our faith in him does not mean we enthusiastically give him our secrets. So what transpired to make you do something that I know in my gut would be one of the last things you'd show him?" The way he looked at her made it clear that he knew something was going on. But telling him wasn't an option until the dust was settled. Ellis was just getting a handle on her exposure, so telling him about the kiss could make him lose it. Then besides worrying about Granger, he'd worry about Joc finding out. 
Aww, man. Why did I have to go and kiss him? It only made things complicated. She was never too good at being level-headed. Now she wondered if Ellis needed to stay close to keep her out of trouble. Well, he did do a good job of that, didn't he?
"Ollie." He was waiting. But it wasn't time to dish.
"Yes?" she sang, smiling. Her patented "Oh, nothing" response.
"Forget it." He shook his head, knowing she wouldn't spill it. But he would try again later, and she would be prepared.


()()()


Granger had been on the phone most of the day, trying to keep every one of his associates from going south after the public exposure of the Structure on national television. They were in turmoil, and for some damn reason, they couldn't handle the situation themselves. He couldn't believe he had to hold their hands and walk them through it. How had some of these people gotten to be in the positions they were in?
"Sarah. Chantal. Listen to me. I've already talked to Omorede. We are working to discredit the cameraman. We already have people in place inside the news media. So do what I told you," he said calmly as he spoke to two of the three Heads of Heart.
"Pardon, but zis mess, eet cannot jus' be explained away, Augustus." Chantal spoke softly, never comfortable speaking English.
"She is right." Sarah agreed.
"But it can be minimized. Do you understand?" Granger explained.
"Oui."
"Yes."
"Call me back if there is any other news," he said, hanging up.
Chantal was right; this was a mess. Usually more dependable, even the Heads of Heart were pulling out their hair.
And how would the seal-less act? Though the news media tried to spin it as being a prank instead of mutated humans or aliens, the general public would fear. Fear on both sides. This was when the Oracle should respond. Her power could smooth this over. 
He set his head on the edge of his office desk and looked down at his feet.
Would she respond? And if she did, how would she?
Finding out that one of the best House of Heart seers had committed suicide by jumping in front of a subway train made matters worse. The seer was one of the few people that held the secret of the Oracle. So it was more than just coincidence.
Arjun's energy approached the door. "Come on in," he called out to his mentor.
The door opened and closed. "Nasty, isn't it?"
"Hell broke loose, and I'm here babysitting." Granger laughed.
"I am not talking about the Structure's exposure. It has happened before and was handled. I'm talking about you and Ollie."
Granger's head popped up from the desk.
"And don't give me that spiel about it not being any of my concern. I can see it with my own eyes. You hurt. That is my concern." He sat down in the chair on the other side of Granger's desk.
"It's complicated," Granger said, trying to get it out of his head.
"I've been told you were not even present during her medical testing. You two have been avoiding each other for the past day. I find that interestingly … childish." Arjun laughed.
"Arjun!"
"Remember what I taught you during your progression. Enlightenment comes to those who open their minds and explore the truth. Seeing yourself, seeing the world, seeing everything as it is, without prejudice. You are clouding yourself, poisoning yourself with lies and deceit. This is not the way."
"But you are asking me to choose between my best friend and a woman I hardly know."
"Am I? Who told you that you had to choose?" Arjun smiled that knowing smile that grated on Granger's nerves. "You should take a lesson from Ollie. Though she is brash and untamed, she is honest. She faces life with her full force. She lives for her family, because she knows they are a part of her. She understands her loyalties, and knows that one day she will have to face the world as Moon."
He knew? He had probably found out when digging into her past.
Arjun continued, "I think that is why she has grown in enlightenment, why she will continue to do so. You should learn from that. Stop holding back your nature. Be who you are. Except that there is no perfection, but there is enlightenment.
"And what do you mean, you hardly know her? You know her better than you realize. I can see it. Another thing--you should not be so quick to ignore her. She may be the very key to all of this."
"That I know. Too many events point to her. Too many--"
"What is that?" Arjun frowned, looking down at the desk. Granger followed his eyes to the amulet on the table.
"Oh, that was a gift from the Oracle."
Arjun's face held the oddest expression. "She gave you that? What did she say?"
"It's a focus. She says it will help me stay focused on my goals. But I find it very interesting. Sometimes I catch myself staring at it for hours. Have you seen it before?"
"In visions. She put it in your hands?" Arjun said, leaning forward.
"Yes. Arjun, what is going on? What is it?"
Arjun began speaking in an ancient language before saying, "The Oree. And that is all she told you?"
"The what?" Granger picked it up. If Granger was correct, Arjun's words sounded a lot like an ancient language that the priests at the Temple of Enlightenment spoke. Which was entirely possible, since he used to be one of the temple priests.
"I … did she tell you anything else?"
"No." Granger studied its details closely and then looked up at Arjun. "Why?"
"If she did not tell you, then I cannot as well. But I will tell you that you just gained some very powerful allies. If I were you, I would not lose that. Ever. Keep it on you at all times."
"Arjun?"
"Don't ask, because I will not tell. Not even a hint. Now put it on," Arjun urged.
Granger did as he said, though he was hesitant.
"And keep it on."
Granger nodded, feeling very uneasy. Arjun got up to leave, as if he had to get out of the room quickly. Granger didn't know what was going on, but that woman had answers.
He got up immediately and went down the hallway, heading up to the main deck and out by the pool area, where Ollie stood by the railing, looking out at the water.
"What is this?" Granger asked, displaying the amulet for Ollie.
She turned her head slowly and looked down at the amulet. Without a change in her expression, she turned back to her view. "Looks like a pretty expensive ornament to me." Her words were flat and expressionless, and her mind was closed tight.
"Ollie, you know what this is."
"I know a lot of things," she said, walking off. "I know, for one, that you are asking the wrong question."
"Then why did she give it to me?"
"Why not?" Ollie stretched and yawned. 
Damn, she was a pain. "What is it for?" He raised his voice, trying not to shout.
She stopped and looked back at him with fire in her eyes. Smiling, she said, "For you to focus."
"On what?" he asked.
"What do you focus on best?" She winked before continuing on her trek.
Granger looked down at the amulet and sighed. 
The Oracle had said it was just something to remind him of his goals, to encourage him. Encouraging all members of the Structure to seek enlightenment was more a dream than anything. 
You have started something you cannot stop, Augustus. You have sought after a future that will create a struggle, and yet it is a future I have only dreamt of … 
That was what the Oracle had said. But this couldn't help him, could it? He looked down at it and sighed, calling on his teachings. 
The mind must stay open and the vision unobstructed. Seeing all, feeling all, being all. For while each is an individual, no one is alone. Energy connects us all. 
Maybe it was time he refocused.

()()()



15



Aaron, the yacht's navigator, looked intently at the cards in his hand. Ollie noticed by the quiet that he didn't have anything worth gloating over. Every time he had a good hand, he got a little chatty. Ellis, however, did. Her twin always had a poker face, but she could tell by the subtle brightening of his eyes that he was riding a good deal. Arjun, on the other hand, was an open book. It was obvious that he didn't play cards much. His face showed everything, even the nasty hand he was barely keeping from her view. 
"I fold." Aaron laid down his cards.
James, the chef, grinned and placed his cards on the table. "Three of a kind. Tell me you can do better." He looked dead at Ellis, who sighed and dropped in his hand.
"Not against three aces." 
Poor boy got the wind beat out of his sails.
Arjun frowned. "Oh, well. You win again, James."
"Well, Ollie are you going to get in the next game?" Aaron asked, eyeing her. The young man seemed to have a little crush on her. At twenty-seven, he was about her age, but she had her sights on someone already.
"No way, Junior. I lost three hands in a row. That's a bad omen, if I ever saw one. Naw, y'all go ahead. I'm calling it a night."
She really needed to get some sleep. For the past two days, she hadn't been sleeping well. It wasn't the beds or the sway of the ship; it was the pain in her back and side. It wouldn't let her sleep. The pain would wake her, and the stress would have her staring up at the ceiling. Worrying about her family made her think, not letting her mind rest. Though she talked to at least one of her brothers and sisters every other hour, there was something not right about being away from them. Heading below deck, she knew of only one relief. 
Ollie walked to the end of the hallway, to the yacht's master suite. He might be asleep and he would definitely turn her away, but she needed to sleep. And the last time she had slept soundly occurred when Granger had read her, when he was in her room. His ability to take away pain was like a drug that she really could use right now.
Knocking on the door, she waited. She knocked again, knowing he was in there. For the past day and a half, after she'd kissed him, he'd stayed cooped up in his room, so he was in there. And he probably knew she was outside the door and had decided to ignore her. Fine. She opened the door. 
"Granger?"
"No," he commanded, sitting on his bed with perfect posture, legs folded, eyes closed as if he was meditating.
"Please."
"Ollie, it is best we make a clean break."
"In the morning," she said, heading to his California king-size bed.
His eyes shot open. "Damn, you're hardheaded. Do I need to go get your brother, so he can drag you out of here?" 
Ollie only laughed as her body hit the mattress. "Thank you, Caesar," she said, closing her eyes. "I promise not to touch you. I just need to sleep. Just sleep."
"Ollie." His tone was soft this time. She turned her head to look at him.
"The pain won't let me." She was getting desperate. "Please." When he sighed, she grinned at him. "Kick me out in the morning," she said before curling up on her pain-free side.


()()()


Granger let his body absorb much of her pain, lulling her to sleep. Against his better judgment, he let her stay. Did he feel sorry for her? No, not at all; he wanted her there. That was why he hadn't continued to fight her, and why he hadn't insisted that she take the pain medication the doctor had given her, even though the pain was slight, for him. It had something to do with his level of enlightenment. 
He watched as she slept and wondered why he hadn't done this before. She looked at home in his bed. What are you doing?
Granger turned away to return to his meditation. But he found that he couldn't stop himself, and he began to watch her sleep again. Her breathing in and out. The rise and the fall. The curls on her head. Her lips, parted ever so slightly. He remembered vividly how they felt against his. The pressure had been so pleasurable, so damn good. 
She had drawn him in, and now all he could do was think of her. It was worse than ever now. How was he going to get past this? Especially since he didn't want to.
Nothing but trouble. She was going to be his ticket to hell. Dance with the devil, expect to fry.
"I'm not that strong."
Granger lifted his head from his book. Did he hear something? He looked over at Ollie, who had been asleep for about an hour. Had been asleep.
"Excuse me?" Granger frowned as he sat up on the couch he had moved to in order to keep his distance from her. He set his pen in the crease of the book to save his place.
"You said you weren't as strong as me, but I'm not that strong." Her voice was soft, but he took in every word.
Where was this coming from?
"I told you to tell me your deepest, darkest secret, and I would tell you mine. But I already know your deepest, darkest secret." She never turned over to look at him, but clearly she was awake. He could feel it.
"My deepest--"
"Your mother." She answered before he could ask. She was Moon; they had to know. If no one else knew, Moon knew. 
Granger closed his eyes and saw his mother's smile. The Structure believed that his mother had died, killed in a random act of violence. Granger knew the truth. He was there the day Blade had invaded their home and taken her. His father had not resisted; he'd given over the proof--everything that pointed away from himself. Granger loathed him for that--for not protecting her and for not admitting his own involvement. He might have been only seventeen, but he knew his mother wasn't the only one with connections to Moon. 
Both Granger's father and mother did business with Moon on several occasions. They were her connections, but his father had used them to grow his business. And in the end, he'd pretended to know nothing, feigning innocence when he was far guiltier than she was. He had used her and then turned his back on her when she needed him most. That was why Granger stayed away from his father and why when his father had insisted Granger take up the business, Granger had quickly crushed him, bought him out, and retired him. All of his mother's Moon connections were then his.
His mother had been tortured by Blade when she refused to give them answers. She had died in Blade custody, but it was Moon who had delivered the blow, in order to stop her suffering and to keep their secrets. Granger did not blame Moon, because Blade never would have set her free. Eventually she would have died by their hands. It was Moon who had come to him and told him everything. And it was Moon who had given him her ring, an heirloom passed down through her family. At seventeen, he should have blamed the world, God, Blade, Moon, his father, and himself, but it was his enlightenment that had showed him that blame would only cause more pain. His enlightenment and Arjun. His mentor had reminded him of the path his mother had strived for and the path that would lead him to better the Structure. Though he didn't blame Blade or Moon and tried not to blame himself, his father was an asshole. Deepest, darkest secret?
"Not so dark as it is deep." Granger looked down at his book. Spirituality and philosophy were the subjects he had picked to study that night. What had seemed so profound a moment ago was now just ramblings.
"Do you hate--"
"No. I do not hate Moon. I loved my mother and what she stood for. Those are the only emotions left from those days."
"I never got to meet her, but I was told she loved everyone equally. She saw differences as gifts, not faults. She was almost at Level Three, I was told."
"Yeah, Arjun was her mentor as well." He rubbed his chest, easing the tightness trying to take root. Granger looked over at Ollie, who lay quietly.
"You're far stronger than you give yourself credit for. When she was taken from you, you could've gotten lost in it. Hell, I would've sought revenge. But you … you continued on the path. On your path. You used enlightenment as your channel. I admire that. I always have. That is why I studied you. I wanted to be as strong as you."
"What are you talking about? You are stronger than anyone I've ever met. You don't let anything get to you." Granger wanted to go across the room and lie beside her, but he remained seated.
"Because I don't have much of a choice." Ollie's voice was almost tearful.
Granger frowned. When she did not elaborate, he was tempted to read her, but he stopped himself. He wanted it to be her move.
"Aren't you going to ask?" She sounded so far away.
"Are you sure you want to tell me?"
There was silence again. She was debating it. He didn't have to read her to know that.
"When they revived me, everything was different. I was different. And I knew it, even at the age of five. There was this darkness inside of me that wasn't there before. A different darkness." Her words were sure, but her voice was unsettled. "I stayed in that darkness, watching the world around me. Knew everything that was going on around me, but I didn't respond to it. Didn't want to leave that … cocoon. It had protected me, saved me. For almost a year of my life, I was like a zombie. I didn't want anyone to touch me except Ellis. I didn't speak to anyone. I was dead. I'm the reason Ric became a damn psycho doctor." She smirked. "But they slowly pulled me out of it." He could feel her tears. "All of them worked to get me back. They made me use it. They made me fight, made me keep going." 
"And you've been hell on wheels ever since."
She laughed and sobbed. He wanted to hug her and kiss her, but she hated being coddled.
"They know that if I internalize, I could revert back. That pull back into the darkness is strong. But when I use it and show my emotions, the darkness responds in a different way."
"The seal."
"Yes, but usually it's small bruises, barely noticeable. And that pain has never been like this. This is different." She curled up. When he tortured me, something inside of me broke, she thought. Was it my seal?
That was a good question. It was not possible to alter the seal. It had never been done before. It was as much a part of the body as the genes that determined eye color. To alter the seal would be like altering the very molecular structure of a person. And that was impossible without causing death.
"You were a child when it all happened. You dealt with the situation the only way you could, and you don't think you were strong? Well, I hate to break it to you, but you were the one who decided to use it. Your family may have helped you, but in the end, you were the one with the power. Just like, you are the one with the power to hold those memories in check. No one has done that for twenty-two years but you. Now, get some sleep before I kick you out."
When she laughed, he couldn't help but smile. 
Her family might have helped her on this path, but she had chosen it, transformed it, and made it her own. She could have used it any kind of way, just as Granger used enlightenment to get past his pain. She had chosen to be the force she was now. A deliberate choice. Just like everything she did.
Strong, smart, and irritating. He smiled harder. And she was going to get him into so much trouble, so he'd better be prepared.


()()()


Ellis had been all over the ship, trying to find his sister. The only place left was Granger's suite. He had been shut up in his room most of the day, conducting business, so Ellis wasn't sure what kind of mood the man would be in, but he needed to find Ollie. 
If that woman fell overboard …
But Ollie was too stubborn and aware to do that, which meant she was in the very place he hoped she wasn't. Approaching the oak door, he took in a deep breath. Granger probably already knew he was standing there uneasily, felt his anxiety, heard his thoughts, and was laughing at Ellis's insecurities.
Ollie was right.
He finally knocked.
"It's open," Granger called.
Ellis stood at the doorway for a moment before opening it. No matter what he saw, he would not overreact. 
Prove to Ollie you can control yourself.
Ellis opened the door to see Granger leaning against the headboard with his legs stretched out, watching TV, on one side of the bed. Ollie was sprawled comfortably next to him, fully clothed. Good. I think.
By the angle at which she slept and the way Granger looked guarded, she had intruded. Why had she come to Granger instead of him? Had she really started to form an attachment to the man?
"You can come in," Granger said finally, not once looking in Ellis's direction.
"How is she … doing?" Ellis asked, stepping inside the room. 
"She's trying to deal with it all."
Walking to her side of the bed, Ellis stooped to look at her face. Ollie did not even stir. Usually when he approached her while she slept, she stirred or something, but she lay perfectly still, breathing deeply. Just like when he had tried to wake her before. It was the most exhausted he had ever seen her.
"How long has she been asleep?" He brushed his fingers over her forehead. She didn't have a temperature, but she was a little cooler than she normally would be.
"About four hours."
Ellis wanted to pick her up and carry her to her own room, but he feared she might wake up in pain.
"You can stay here if you want. I can sleep on the couch over there." Granger pointed to the lounge area.
Tempted, he remembered what Ollie had told him. Give her space. No wonder she hadn't told him where she would sleep and why she hadn't stayed with him. 
"Ellis, she chose to sleep here so that I might ease her pain." 
He could do that? Ellis was shocked. The possessor's words were compassionate. He had never showed such concern before. And he eased pain?
If it made her feel better, there was nothing wrong with her staying here. "Thank you." For caring for my sister.
Granger's head snapped in his direction as his silver eyes focused on Ellis. He looked surprised. "Y-you're welcome." 
Ellis made his way back to the door and stopped.
"She's, she's a little cool. Can you cover her for me?" he asked without turning around to watch before leaving. I can do this. Ollie, I can do this.

()()()


I-70, Kansas

The shaman rode in the back seat of the van as they headed into Kansas. They had been riding all night and day, with several stops to appease the seven-, eight-, and two-hundred-year-old bladders. Geo had decided it was too risky to stop to sleep, just in case River was tracking them. O-no, Sunny, Wolfe, Troy, and Cee took turns driving, and the shaman stayed in the back with Miko and Bones. The ride was quiet, since most of the time, everyone was napping, but Cee had an uneasy look about her that morning. When Wolfe asked her about it, she said she wasn't sure. The seer/healer was having visions she could not understand, and the old woman was not giving any clarity. She only said, "It will all be revealed in time." It was not her place to change anything, so she kept quiet.
The sun was coming up over the horizon. It was beautiful. In the city, such a sight was not always easy to see, even from the seventh floor of Ollie's building. But in Kansas you could not miss it. The land laid so flat that if it were not for the sunrise … 
"I would swear nothing interesting happens out here at all," O-no sighed, staring out the window from their table in the roadside restaurant. They had stopped to get something to eat, because Wolfe had said, If I don't eat, someone dies.
"Aww, nah, that ain't true," Wolfe huffed as he finished swallowing a mouthful of pancakes. "If you want excitement, sit just in the right spot durin' tornado season, and you might catch sighta one. Then ya can watch that sucker from miles away. If yer lucky. But if ya ain't, well hell, put yer head 'tween yer legs and kiss yer ass bye," he said before cramming another forkful of pancakes into his mouth.
"I think I'll take my chances with boredom." O-no was horrified by the thought of sitting to watch a tornado in action as it barreled across the land at high speed, uncertain of if it would suck him in or not.
Wolfe laughed. "Sometimes ya hafta see the flip side of a penny 'fore you can 'preciate its value, huh?"
Bethea smiled, watching as the man ate. Sometimes she was amazed by how the crudeness that was Wolfe could be so profound.
After breakfast, they headed out again. No one knew where they were headed except for Troy, Cee, and herself. But the kids were positive that they were not staying in Kansas.
"Traffic ahead," Troy said, and he began to slow down. Bethea really could use a cigarette, but she would respect the others in the vehicle. She wished her family had installed one of those fancy filters inside the van, like Ollie had in the condo. Her daughter spoiled her so.
She watched through the window as the traffic on the two-lane interstate came to a slow crawl. Slowly, she turned her aching body to look two cars back, at a black van. A cell phone went off inside their van. In her mind, she saw Troy reach in his pocket and pull out his cell phone, answering it. 
Ahhh, right on time. Several armed men got out of the black van. She watched as one of the men walked up from the back of the van and came around to the driver's side.
"Gun!" Bones yelled as his mind saw the man pull out a gun, aiming it at Troy.
Troy, seeing the man, dropped his cell phone and opened the car door so hard that the gunman flew back. The gun went off.
"Get down!" Cee screamed as she took a semiautomatic from under her seat.
Bones got down between the seats with Miko, who was shaking, terribly. Bethea closed her eyes, and her heart began to break. There were noises of struggle and gunfire. The van rocked back and forth before the side door opened and Miko was yanked out. Then Bones.

()()()



16



Heart of Gold, somewhere in the Atlantic Ocean

Granger had been to breakfast and back, and still Ollie wasn't awake. When he checked on her, she seemed fine, so he decided to shower. She was more fatigued than he figured. With the constant use of her powers, the stress about her family, and the need to release her anguish, it was a wonder she hadn't snapped.
Walking out of the bathroom with only a towel around his waist, his chest knotted. Joc stood in the doorway with rage in his eyes.
"You fucking her?" Joc spit sour words at him.
"No. No." Granger was dumbfounded. Where the hell did Joc come from?
"Then what the hell?" Joc shouted, pointing at Ollie nestled in his bed.
Granger scrambled for his sweatpants on a hook on the bathroom door, then headed for the hallway, taking Joc with him.
Joc pulled away from him as Granger pulled the door closed.
"Look, Joc, she just wanted to crash in my room. It's nothing."
"Nothing. Nothing? Bitch, you are half-dressed, and she's in your bed." Joc temper was starting to take over his common sense.
"I just got out of the shower, man. Look, talk to Ellis. He knows we didn't do anything last night."
Joc just stared at the man.
"We all right?"
"Hell, naw. Why the hell you got guilt all over your face, like you just possessed someone?" Joc knew him too well.
Granger rubbed his chin. How had it come to this? "You're my best friend, so I've got to be honest. I want to sleep with her."
Joc snapped back as if he'd been punched. He turned abruptly and stomped away. Granger slipped on his sweatpants and ran after him, draping the towel over his shoulders. "Joc--"
"Fuck you."
"Listen." Granger ran in front of him.
"Did you just hear that shit back there? 'Cause I just did. And you want me to listen to more." Joc walked around him, heading into the rec room.
"You need to know. If you are going to end this, you need to know it all." Granger could feel Joc's confusion and pain. Betrayal. Damn.
"What the hell for?" Joc shouted, turning around. "Do you really want me to hate you? 'Cause I'm trying not to."
"I can't lie to you anymore. I've had feelings for her long before you met her."
"Get the hell away from me." Joc trudged through the rec room and up the stairs to the main deck.
Granger followed. "I kissed her--"
Joc turned around and landed a fist on Granger's jaw. The blow made him step back, and he blinked away the pain. "You're my House brother. I pledged that to you and you to me. Family!" Joc shouted in rage. "And you kissed her." He drew back again.
"He's lying!" Ollie shouted from the stairs as she ran up to them. "I was the one who kissed him." She stopped right in between them, breathing hard, guarding Granger with her body.
Joc eased back in disbelief. "What? Is this some sick revenge for sleeping around on you? You take my best friend away from me?"
"Arrogant ass! How I feel about Granger has nothing to do with what you did." She sounded so reasonable. Granger couldn't believe it was Ollie. "Remember what I told you when we broke up?"
"Yeah, something about you never loving me. I was just some plaything. But you only said it 'cause you were angry and hurt." Joc was calming down. Good.
"I told you the truth. Mostly. You were fun, and I had real feelings for you, but I didn't love you. I felt more betrayed than broken-hearted." Joc frowned as she continued. "When I realized how easy it was to separate myself from you, that's when I knew I didn't love you." She took in a deep breath and exhaled, letting the truth escape. "That's why I didn't kill you and wouldn't let my family. Because I had been in a fake relationship all along."
Joc began to laugh hysterically. "So easy to remove yourself, huh? Just like turning a trick." Granger clenched his fist on hearing his words. "Did you fake the orgasms like one too?" He reached in his pocket and pulled out a wad of cash. "Here, let me pay you for my time. And his too. Slut."
Without thinking, Granger rushed at the guy. Ollie grabbed hold of him, struggling to stop him.
"Granger!" she shouted. His ship's navigator jumped from the upper deck to pull Granger back.
"Son of a bitch," Joc said, backing up. "You really do have feelings for that …" Joc groaned. "She's yours. I'm done with that anyway." He cast them away with a wave of his hand. "Oh, and by the way, I came to let you know about them puppies you love so much," Joc sneered at Ollie.
"Puppies?" She frowned, confused.
"Yeah, the mutts you live with. Well, animal control came and picked them up. Along with that old bitch you all call Mama, but they had to put one down--"
Before Granger could stop her, Ollie sailed at Joc, sending him to the floor and landing on his chest.
Granger felt Ollie's guard drop, releasing the darkness from its cage. It escaped like a gale-force wind. Straddling him, she squeezed the length of his neck, choking him hard as he struggle to loosen her grip. 
"What the hell did you say?" she growled like a savage animal. "Where is my family?"
Granger tried to approach her, but the closer he got, the darker the area got. The horror penetrating his skin made him stumble back into safety. Ollie was throwing off her power like a shield, a weapon, keeping everyone at bay. It was a dark, sinister evil he had never felt before. Clawing at him. Laughing at him. 
"Tell me." Her growl turned into a seductive moan as she began enjoying the pain she was inflicting.
"Ellis!" Granger shouted, knowing that her twin was the only one who could neutralize her power. Ellis was behind him, standing next to his navigator, who stared in fear. Ellis hesitated, knowing his sister's cruelty and fearing her just the same.
"Ellis!" Geo's voice rang from the upper deck as he ran down to help. "Ellis!"
Ellis finally snapped out of it and went for her. Spreading his energy like a blanket, he began easing her mind. Granger felt his own self calm.
Feeling his presence calming her, immediately she screamed, "No! Let me do this!"
Ellis took her arms and pulled her hands from the man's throat before holding her.
Granger went to Joc, who was struggling to breathe. His throat strained until finally he got a long, ragged pull of air. The pain brought tears to his eyes. If Ollie had been a more muscular woman, Joc would be dead.
"Joc didn't take them, Olivia. He didn't touch them," Ellis told Ollie over and over as she cried.
"I …" Joc tried to talk, but the pain was too great.
"Just rest, man." Granger looked down at his friend. How did it come to this? How?
One of the medical staff was soon checking out Joc, and Granger stayed close. He looked back at Ollie and saw that she had her eyes closed, bearing down on the pain in her back, now half-covered by her seal. He looked down at Joc and then back at Ollie. It all made sense now. The pain, the spread of her seal, all of it was related to her darkness. Each time a traumatic event affected her, the seal spread. The more traumatic it was, the more it spread.
When he had talked with a Heart scholar at the Temple of Enlightenment, he was told, "House of Moon is different from the other Houses, in that they exhibit great darkness. That is their nature. Chaos is their burden. But they serve a purpose greater than all other Houses. For in chaos comes order. That is why Heart and Moon have always been allies. They need the balance as much as we need the imbalance."
Could their enlightenment be different from other Houses as well?


()()()


They set up Joc in a room to heal as Ollie pulled herself together. She sat on the deck floor with Ellis for a long time, neither one saying anything to anyone. She really had tried to kill Joc. No matter how mad she'd been with him, she never would have done that. It wasn't that she couldn't, but she normally had better control than that. Had she let her condition get that bad? Letting herself stay shut off was making her crazy. Mama was right. Holding back was causing others pain. Geo and Granger finally came back outside after a long discussion, which involved her.
"Ollie, how are you?" Geo asked.
"I just tried to kill an innocent man. I feel like a saint." Ollie narrowed her eyes.
"Point taken."
"What happened, Geo? Where is our family?" She tried to hold back the mounting anger.
"They were attacked on the road several miles outside Kansas City, Kansas. Troy is … in critical condition. Shot him three times. Put up a hell of a fight."
Ollie ground her teeth. Troy? She wanted to cry to scream. "Will he make it?"
"Star is going to see what she can do." That wasn't an answer, and he knew it. Ollie wanted to beat the living hell out of him. But the way she was feeling, if she began, it would never end. "They captured the rest of them. All of them. Including Mama. They will trade all for you."
"Fine." Ollie stood up. 
"Hell--" Geo started. 
"No." Ellis finished.
"It's easy," she said. Her miserable hide for her family.
"No, Ollie, it's not," Geo groaned. "They know you are connected to Moon." 
"Big damn deal. If it gets our family back, I'll be a damn chicken," she said, walking past him. Geo grabbed her arm and pulled her to his chest.
"Ollie." He had so much pain in his voice. The decision was tearing him up. Hell. "We are going to find them. We have trackers working on it--the best our money can buy. But we will not divide this family further."
Ollie sighed. "Did they get the mainframe?" 
"Yeah. They will try to hack it, I'm sure."
"Has Vlad tracked them?" Ollie asked him, pulling away from him but staying close. Their sister Vlad was a blood tracker and could track the family using her blood ties to them.
"She's working on it, but you know it takes her a while. We don't have days. Bones could be without his injection."
"They better feed him, or--"
"Yeah." Geo stepped back. "I'm taking Ellis with me."
"You're leaving me here?" 
"Yes."
"Geo, they are my--"
"Keeps you from trying to turn yourself in."
Ollie finally screamed, taking the stress from her chest. She walked off, trying not to think about how much she wanted to swim toward land. Geo was a real dickhead.
"Ollie." Ellis ran up to walk beside her.
"Go, man. I'll be all right." She continued walking, wiping the tears from her face, but he cut her off with his height, blocking her exit.
"Listen." He deflated his lungs. "Let Granger help you. It seems to be doing you some good."
She had just tried to kill Joc, and she was doing good?
"I mean …" He looked so torn. Damn it all.
"Be safe, Ellis. Bring our family home." Ollie wrapped her arms around her fearful brother. "And I will try to behave," she lied.
"Hmmm." Clearly he didn't believe her. "We'll bring them home," Ellis said, hugging her back. Ollie ignored the pain as she felt her guard slip. It was becoming harder and harder to sustain it. But it didn't matter. Hiding was no longer the answer.
Standing on the top deck, wind blowing past her, she watched as the helicopter that held Geo and Ellis headed for the coast. She walked down to the rec room, where she stopped and looked up at the ceiling. Everything hurt. She wanted to cry, but it wouldn't do any good. She wanted to kill, but the object of her frustration was on dry land, holding her family. Troy was in the hospital, fighting for his life, and she couldn't do a damn thing about it. And if he died … he was a tough one. No way he would die, or she would bring him back from the dead just to yell at him.
She walked to the pool table and began to rack up the pool balls. Grabbing a pool stick from the rack on the wall, she looked at it. Blood needed to spill, but she had to be careful. There was more at stake than just her own need to see her family safe. Grabbing the chalk on the table, she chalked the end of the pool stick, blowing off the excess. She set down the chalk and pulled out her cell phone.
" 'ey, Loon," George answered.
"Are you busy?" she asked.
George laughed. "You know I always 'ave time for me cousin."
"Then tell me--who's stationed in Louisiana?" she asked, clearing her mind.


()()()


"Granger." Arjun peeped into the room that Joc was sleeping in, healing.
Granger got up and went out into the hall. He was so focused on Joc that he had paid no attention to Ollie. "Is she still on board?" He closed his eyes, dreading the worst.
"Yes. She is playing pool as we speak."
Granger reached out to her and was almost knocked back by the pain that came from her. It was ready to explode within her. And still she didn't leave.
How was he going to handle her if she lost control again? How could it be done without possessing her? 
"Keep an eye on Joc." Granger patted Arjun on the arm before heading to the rec room.
When he walked into the room, he saw that she stood looking down at the table, transfixed. Not thinking about her next move on the pool table, but her next move off the ship.
"How are you going to play this?" he said, not talking about the game.
"I'm working it out," she said, looking up at him, knowing exactly what he meant. He loved her honesty. Her face didn't hide the pain or sadness. It hid nothing. Every muscle was tight. Even her fire and green eyes gleamed. "I'm surprised you are having a conversation with me after I tried to kill your best friend. I'm even more shocked you haven't made me walk the plank." She walked around the table to face him before leaning back against it. She folded her arms in front of her, pressing the pool stick to her body. Her intense glare was killer.
"I know what happened. I saw it all. I know you were angry and not all coherent. And I see the remorse you have now. As well as the pain."
"How is he?" she asked, evading.
"He'll be fine. A little bruised, but fine. The healer said all he needs is rest." Granger began to take in some of her pain.
"Don't." She tried to move away.
"I want to." He stepped closer.
"Let's not fool each other, Granger. You have to choose between him and me. So I'm going to make that choice for you--"
He grabbed her, taking her pain and her lips. Kissing her, he pressed her against the pool table as her hands grabbed hold of his arms.
"Wait, but …" she breathed, pulling back, moving the pool stick from between them and letting it fall to the floor.
"Do you want me?" he asked, moving back toward her lips.
"Do you read minds?" She licked his bottom lip.
"Then what's the problem?"
She backed away and looked him in the eyes. "Who are you?" she said, confused. "Where is my cautious, careful Caesar?" she asked.
"It's simple reasoning that took me a while to figure out, and I needed a friend to point out it to me." Especially since he couldn't focus whenever she was around. "Why should I choose? I want you both, plain and simple. The only thing left to decide is whether you want me. I make the decision yours. If Joc still wants me as a friend, then he will have to accept that you are a part of my life as well. And vice versa."
"Very simple." She grinned, leaning in to kiss him. This time she was slow, passionate, tasting him with increasing pressure and heat.
Wrapping her in his arms, taking the pain, he lifted her up on the pool table.
She pulled back. "You do realize," she breathed, "I'm going to hurt you eventually or get you hurt."
"I know. I'm prepared to accept the consequences. And even face your family."
She looked at him, wide-eyed with shock. And smiled. "I could definitely love you." She giggled. She couldn't believe he was willing to take on her and her family. Even she felt what kind of headache that could cause. She was a whirlwind, and standing up to her family would be no walk in the park. Especially Ellis. 
But right now that did not matter. Making her forget about the pain and her family was more important. Granger grinned, bending down to kiss her again.
She wrapped her legs around his waist and ran her hands along his chest, down to the edge of his T-shirt. She pulled back only long enough to lift the material up and over his head. He took her head into his hands, kissing her again. "I don't want an audience," he breathed.
"We'll be too busy to notice," she moaned, running her hands down the back of his pants, caressing his buttocks. 
Heat shot between his legs. If he didn't find a room soon, he might not care about an audience. He lifted her off the table, and she put her feet down on the floor.
As she reached for the waist of his sweatpants, he took her hand. Pulling her to the steps down to the living area, he opened the first guest room. He yanked her inside urgently, and she laughed before closing the door.


()()()


Arjun left Joc's room for a moment to find out how close they were to the next port. They were not far from Florida, and Arjun wanted to gas up and restock before they headed for Mexico. It would only be a day before they reached a reasonable location.
"Arjun?" The ship's communication's officer looked up at him with an odd expression. "I just picked up an outbound call … from Joc's room," the woman said. Her powers allowed her to pick up and send different frequencies though the air. A handy power if the communications system on the ship went down for some reason.
"To where?"
"It is a New York-bound call. Blade headquarters."
Arjun's blood ran cold. Oh, no. He didn't. Ollie.
He ran down to Joc's room and opened the door. Sure enough, Joc was on the bed, on the phone. Arjun launched for the phone, hanging it up.
"Are you crazy?" Arjun growled.
"She needs … to be stopped. You didn't … the evil … coming from her. She is going to kill him." He took in a long, ragged breath as he struggled. "I don't want him … dead. Do you?" 
"The only one who will end up dead is you. Do you know what you have done?" Arjun's breath grew shallow as he sat down to catch himself. "Do you know what they will do to you?"
"Blade?"
If only he were that lucky.
"No. Moon."

()()()



17



Ollie's head rested on Granger's bare chest, as she looked up at him lazily. Her hand traced the design of his seal, delighting in how it covered almost all of his skin. She crawled up his body before lying in his arms.
Damn, why didn't I do this earlier? he thought as he kissed her on her forehead covered in a light dew of sweat.
Then Granger felt Ollie's pain worsen. An unusual guilt consumed her, but he couldn't get past her defenses to understand why, and she wouldn't say anything about it.
He smoothed his hands along her back and side, taking the pain from her. As he smoothed his hands over her soft bare skin, he noticed that her seal ran from her toes to the top of her buttocks. And when the bruised area was completely healed, it would run halfway up her back and around her left side. Even though he was taking some of the pain, she still had pain, yet she was grinning.
Opening his mind, he felt her thoughts. She wondered what it would be like to be possessed by him. And it didn't frighten her, not even a little. Was she real?
"Forget it," he said.
"Why?" she moaned, enjoying his handiwork.
"I care too much."
Why not? she thought as her mind slowly began to drift off.
"Because I wouldn't change a thing about you. Not even the things that come out of your mouth." He kissed her.
She grinned before falling asleep, wishing that times were different. Wishing that what she had to do wouldn't change that moment.
Granger frowned. What exactly did she mean? What was she up to?
Once he felt her consciousness slip into limbo, he slowly got up from the bed and pulled the covers over her. He slipped on his sweatpants before going out into the hallway. Walking over to the stairs, he saw Arjun sitting on the top step with his back to the railing. He could feel his mentor's distress from the moment Ollie had began to rest.
"How do you want to do this?" Arjun asked, knowing that Granger had already pulled the information from his head about what Joc had done.
"Keep a lookout. We stay on course. But let the crew know what to expect. If Blade catches up with us, I'll deal with it. Tell the crew not to engage."
"Granger, we will not let them--"
"Arjun, I'm not giving you a choice. I'm more than capable of protecting everyone."
"Yes, but Granger, you have never had to. Can you honestly say that you know your powers well enough to do so?"
He smiled. A few weeks ago, the answer would have been no. He never used his power unless absolutely necessary. But now that he saw the truth about himself and the truth about the future, he was prepared to use his power--all of it, if need be.
Yes. Get ready. If you need me, I'll be with Ollie. He projected his thoughts for the first time to Arjun, who looked at him, jaw dropped. He smiled before going back down to the room.
After closing the door, he crawled onto the bed and pulled her sleeping body onto him so he could feel her sleep. He began to play with the crazy curls on top of her head, then stopped when he thought of her seal.
If Blade caught her, they would kill her. She was too much of a threat. There was no way he would let that happen--not after finally holding her. He definitely had the power to take them on. All of them.


()()()


Banging at the door brought Granger awake and to full attention. 
It was time.
Checking to make sure Ollie was asleep, he kissed her on the lips, then slipped out from under her. Grabbing his T-shirt from the floor, he slid it on as he headed up to the main deck, where he saw two helicopters flying overhead. The helicopters' spotlights cut through the night, illuminating his yacht.
A man came down a rope ladder, toward the main deck. Sebastian Crenshaw. The man was a Blade phenomenon. No one willingly did battle with the man, because he was lethal, a warrior at heart. Pure muscle and speed. And his power? Shielding so strong that no mental or emotional powers could touch him--not one. But Granger's power far exceeded the mind and emotions, and Crenshaw knew that. 
With short hair cut extremely close to the scalp and penetrating eyes, he looked military intense. "Augustus Granger!" the man yelled over the noise of the helicopters. He almost came to Granger's height and build, and though Granger could probably match him blow for blow, he couldn't match Sebastian's speed. But for what Granger had in mind, the man would be down before he even touched him.
"Why are you on my yacht? This is my home, and I didn't give you an invitation." Granger said while quickly ripping through three individuals that were still up in the helicopter, including one pilot. His possession of them was so fast that they had no time to react or resist. How easy it had gotten.
"It always did amaze me how young you look. For a forty-year-old, you don't look a day over twenty. The level of your energy must be astounding."
"Sebastian, in about two seconds, I'm going to rip through your defenses and claim that which is most precious to you. And then I'm going to make you drown yourself." He was spending way too much time with Ollie. Then again, I'd better get used to it. "Answer me, or you will find out how astounding my energy is."
"We have reason to believe that you have a traitor on your ship," Crenshaw said, completely unnerved.
"You have the wrong yacht."
"If you would allow us to search--"
"Get off my home. Last warning."
"I see." Sebastian took a deep breath, "Granger, if we find out that you are harboring a traitor--"
Granger released the tight control he held on his energy. The force of the energy pushed Sebastian back like an invisible wall. "Tell me, Sebastian, what would you do? I want to know exactly how you plan to deal with me."
When Granger leashed his energy again, Sebastian straightened into military posture. He couldn't take Granger on a good day. His threats wouldn't work. He was no match.
"Good evening." The man climbed the rope ladder, and the helicopters took off.
Granger immediately took possession of four more Blades that inhabited the boats near the yacht, almost ready to board. They withdrew as well.
Arjun approached after they left.
"Did you really threaten to drown him?" he asked, with a smirk on his lips.
"She's rubbing off on me, and I think I like it." Granger winked, and Arjun laughed. "Is the ship clean?" he asked, making sure no one had sneaked aboard.
"Squeaky." Arjun smiled.
Granger walked back to his room to check on Ollie. But when he got there, she was gone. A note sat on the nightstand beside the bed. He cursed.
After reading the note, Granger balled it up and yelled out his frustration.


()()()


Joc lay in the dark, quietly resting. He felt something in the room move. It was the faintest movement, but he felt it. He tried to adjust his eyes, but it was just too dark.
"When the heart betrays the body, it must be cut out, for it can no longer sustain the balance." A voice whispered into his ear. Joc froze. Sweat broke out all over his body. "You betrayed the oath. You betrayed the House."
The door swung open, and light came into the room. Joc looked up at a shadowy being. Tears ran down his cheeks, and his breath caught in his chest.
"He has been wronged, and his pain is great. Spare him. Fire Eye. These are her written words." Granger's voice came through like a blanket of protection. Relief.
The dark image faded away into the shadows of the room when Granger turned on the light.
Joc finally found his voice. "You … saved me." 
"Ollie saved you." Granger held up a crumpled piece of paper. "But you only get one. I suggest you not waste it."
Joc breathed in the air he'd had so much difficulty breathing before. "She'll get you killed, G. I may not care for … whatever relationship you two have." He swallowed. "But you are my brother. I … I don't want her near you."
"That's not your choice." Granger walked to the door. "I want her in my life. Your choice is whether to accept it or not."
He left, leaving the light on and the door open.

()()()


Atlanta, Georgia

Arthur sat watching the surveillance footage that his people had taken after following River's actions in the Midwest. From what they had found in Maryland, they had a hit on where Fire Eye was or how to find her. They had set up a roadblock on a major highway. In broad daylight, with several witnesses, they'd taken down a van full of Structure members. The man that was shot was Malcolm Warren, a well-known underground arms dealer in Atlanta that went by the code name Troy.
What was Mary thinking?
And what did Troy have to do with the whole incident?
What made Arthur ill was the fact that children were involved. He watched as they dragged the children out of the vans. Then an old woman was taken from the car, and a younger woman was knocked unconscious because she had struggled. All of the adults were incapacitated, except the old woman, who stood close to the children, comforting them.
Arthur found it odd that the old woman didn't seem the least bit worried or scared. She seemed too at ease. The oldest child tried to fight, but they grabbed one of the children, threatening him. He grew still and allowed himself to be herded into a van with the rest of the group. The old woman was the last one to get in, but she stopped and looked back toward the camera and smiled.
Did she…?
Pausing the footage, he looked at the old woman. She was staring right into the camera. Smiling.
He sat thinking. There was no way she could have … unless she was a seer. He needed to know who this family was. And especially who that woman was. It had to be connected to Fire Eye. Or Moon.
He got on the phone.
"Hey," Elliot answered.
"Elliot, I need you to look into something for me. But you have to agree to it first, because I have a feeling it might get you killed."
There was a long pause. "Boss, I like doing dirty work, if you haven't noticed. I think I can handle whatever you can throw at me, including anything that involves Moon," he answered.
"That's what I want to hear. Because you might have to go into that very belly of the beast to get what I want," Arthur said as he looked into the eyes of the knowing old woman.

()()()


East St. Louis, Illinois

After transporting them to her private facilities in Illinois, Mary finally had the captives under her watch. The process had involved far more trouble than she had anticipated. They were traveling under more firepower than she would have thought, given that there were children involved. Her worry now was how she was going to explain the assault in public. That was going to be a pain if anyone traced it back to her.
But it had all been worth it to acquire the agent's family. She had lucked out when Marissa's contacts told her that there was unrest at one of the local high schools. Some of the high-school students had mentioned a Structure family that had relocated the previous day. The odd part was that it was so close to two of the children's graduation date.
Finding out where they had lived hadn't been easy. Marissa had needed to rip open some of the minds of the faculty, because the knowledge had been suppressed. But when she found the location, she also found a wealth of information that had not been erased from the energy signatures still lingering in the area. Someone had been living there a long time, and from what she gathered, it was the agent's family.
Gold mine.
Now looking over their weary faces behind the one-way mirror, she had leverage. What surprised her most was that the one named Miriam, whom she had encountered at the scholastic program, was one of the captives. The girl's ability to decode was going to come in handy when cracking the codes on the mainframe they had found at another location that belonged to the agent.
Evidence also showed that the computer equipment that was found in their possession had the oldest boy's fingerprints all over it. So he was going to help her get into the mainframe as well.
"Those two." She pointed to Miriam and the oldest boy. "I want preparations made to have them transferred to my facility in Costa Rica with the hard drives you found. I want them to work on it as well." On her command, her staff got to work.
"And send out a message--if Fire Eye wants me to feed the sick one, then I want to hear from her very soon."
Marissa walked into the observation room with a cordless phone in her hand. "Mrs. Alexander, there is a call for you on your private line." 
"Take a message."
"It's important. Sebastian Crenshaw." Marissa was unwavering. Mary was glad to get what help she could from the woman, but she was outliving her usefulness. If it weren't for the fact that she was more asset than liability, Mary would have repositioned her. But as long as Marissa kept producing results, Mary was closer to her goals.
Frowning, she took the phone, wondering what the Blade had to say to her that she could possibly want to hear.

()()()


Bossier City, Louisiana

Greg Hooser awoke, feeling a breeze. When he began to sit up in bed, something came down on his chest hard, knocking the wind from his lungs. His eyes bulged as a black figure moved over him, binding his hands in front of him. He couldn't even see eyes through his blurred vision.
Oh, God. Save me. He had screwed up royally, and now he was paying for it. As he tried to struggle, something grabbed hold of his ankles. The weight on his chest disappeared at the same moment he was yanked from the bed. His body hit the floor hard, and his head followed. Biting his tongue, tears come to his eyes. He was so disoriented that he didn't know if the tears came from pain or fear.
The Blade enforcers Dad summoned should've come. Why haven't they come? He thought as he opened his mouth to scream. But before he could make the first sound, something foul was shoved into his mouth. Strangling, he tried to breathe, barely seeing the black image above him. It was silent as it walked, following as he was dragged down the hall on the wooden floor. When they finally stopped, he still could see nothing in the dark of the house.
Then he noticed a familiar dark picture by the window that showed a glimmer of moonlight. He was in his parents' room. He struggled to get up, but a foot landed on his chest, knocking the air out of him again, making him gag on whatever was in his mouth. There was a faint sound, a struggle, and then a gasp before something hit the floor with a hard thump. Tears came to his eyes. 
His family was to suffer the same fate he was.
Very good, little boy. Maybe in the next life, you'll have learned that greed will get you killed. The voice ripped into his head before the sound of his mother's horrifying scream echoed throughout the house.

()()()



18



Mobile, Alabama

Ollie made it to port on Granger's motorboat without being detected. She was wrong: he didn't keep the key in his boxers; he kept it in his dresser. And she could only imagine his anger right now. 
She had used a great deal of energy, but it was to be expected if she was to remain unseen. She took some sunglasses that she had found on the boat and put them on her face. With her energy exhausted, putting up her guard wouldn't be easy, so hiding her eyes came down to conventional methods.
She made her way down the concrete water's edge of the dock. The warehouses and storage crates she passed all belonged to the House of Blade. Even though the seal-less knew nothing about the House, they knew about the companies. Many of the Houses ran companies that funneled money into the support of the Structure. Most of Blade's companies were weapons manufacturers and other military-type companies. Even Moon had companies, but not even the Structure knew about those.
Ollie tried to keep her mind from wandering, because she needed to focus on her objective, but she couldn't think past what she had done to Granger. Normally she would feel no regret from leaving someone behind, unless it was her family, but somehow she had let him into her mind. She was a killer, cold and calculating, and if she needed to, she would kill him; but there was something about him that always captivated her. Maybe it was the power he held or the composure he kept. He had self-control that Ollie could not afford to have. Self-control only made her weak.
She hoped that when this was all over, he would find it in his heart to forgive. Even if she never got to love him the way she hoped, maybe he wouldn't hate her. Her stomach began to throb, and her side began to sting. He had caused in her more emotion that she had thought possible. Trying to block him out of her mind was causing strain she had not expected. 
Well, ain't this new? She actually cared for Granger, deeply. The pain shot through her body as the realization began to cause her more pain. Damn it, why did she have to get close to him? Why did she have to push him? She fell to her knees, holding her side. 
"This sucks." She laughed. Closing her eyes, she focused. Her family needed her. And no one would stop her.
She got under control and stood up, then ran to a nearby parking lot. Just as a dock worker exited his car, she placed the man's mind in her care, getting him to get back into the car and head to an airport, because he was on a very important mission of life and death.
Once they were there, she made him experience a five-hour period of running, which put him to sleep instantly from exhaustion. When he awoke, he would remember nothing, which would make his life a lot easier. Ollie slipped out of the car and looked around the airport. She needed to get past security and remain undetected until she could find what she was looking for. And with the pain in her side, it was going to hurt more than a little bit to use her powers.
Walking through the airport throwing off an illusion, she slipped past security, heading to the private sector of the airport. Looking out a large window from the main building, she saw the small jet she sought, sitting on the tarmac. She took a breath. She was lucky that it was still there. The small plane was a private jet that belonged to Crescent Holdings, a Moon investment firm. Normally she wouldn't rely on Moon, but this time she needed discretion. 
She walked down the steps leading to the tarmac. When she slipped concealed past the guards by the door and reached the outdoors, she noticed that the plane doors were open and the plane's steps were inviting her in. Upon the first step, Ollie fell to her knees as pain from her back shot through her body like needles. Grinding her teeth, she held back her scream, shaking violently. She was frozen in place, and tears streamed down her face. The darkness began to call to her. She had used too much of her power.
When the pain finally began to ease, she collapsed on the stairs, breathing hard. She began to push back the dark. As much as she hated medication, she pulled out the pain meds that Granger's doctor had prescribed and popped one in her mouth before crawling up the steps. 
"Do you need help?" A voice offered.
"Tall glass of water. Atlanta, Georgia." Her eyes were too glazed for her to see the face, but the voice was coming from the inside of the plane, so should be the pilot or someone under Moon's employ. If he wasn't, he wasn't ready to take her on at the present moment.
"Yes, ma'am. Can I help--"
"Water. Up in the air. In that order." She continued to crawl, not willing to waste time on her problems.
When he brought her the water, she had already slipped another pill into her mouth. She was finally in the plane, and the door sealed shut as she downed the glass of water.
"If you can, please get into a chair and fasten your seat belt. I would hate for George or Devil's Trill to get angry at me because you had an injury."
She just laughed. No injury could feel like she'd felt moments ago. Any injury that could take her mind off that pain was welcome. But she needed to focus. So the pain would have to take a back burner for now. The only thing that mattered was getting her family back in any way possible. And to do that, she would need detailed answers and road maps to the people she should kill first.


()()()


Anxiously, Granger watched the yacht pull into the dock. With Ollie out of his sight, he had a moment to focus. He still wasn't sure if she had used him or if he had used her, but he had failed to keep her from escaping. And it felt like he had failed in … keeping her. 
Damn it, that woman was infuriating. He cleared his mind of dread. He had to call Geo and let him know that Ollie had jumped ship. 
"Augustus." Arjun walked up behind him, carrying some papers. "I think you need to read this. It was translated from the ancient language and then faxed from the Heart Vaults." His face looked sad.
It had something to do with Ollie.
He took the papers, controlling his breathing. He noticed that on the first page a small portion was circled:


Excerpt from Studies of Enlightenment, Vol. 1

The seal, which was created for the use of identifying each House and carefully pairing each type of ability with the corresponding House, was also created as a method of control over individual powers. This means that the seal was created and designed with balance as its main attribute.


Flipping to the next page, he found another section circled:


Excerpt from Studies of Enlightenment, Vol. 8

Studies of the Eighth House's enlightenment have been intriguing. According to the findings, the Eighth House has an unusual form of enlightenment. This is due to the nature of the seal created for them. Eighth House abilities and characteristics are grounded in imbalance and its relation to the world, but the seal was designed for them to accept this imbalance and embrace its necessity. In order for members of the Eighth House to advance in enlightenment, they must embrace the understanding of imbalance and how it, in essence, keeps the balance.
Further tests have shown that most members of the House are able to alter their seals. This is curious, because no other House has that ability. This ability stems from the fact that the House has a need to blend in and camouflage. The effect of the alteration is temporary and causes great pain, but it allows the user to channel his energy much like those of Heart, using more than one type of energy. This explains the different types of abilities the House possesses. However, the altered state is very difficult and must be taught, and any individual House member that tries to perform this ability without proper guidance can cause irreversible damage.
This in turn damages the seal, thus creating a dangerous imbalance of the human body. While the House member is still able to become enlightened, the damaged seal will cause pain. The more the enlightenment, the greater the pain. This pain increases the imbalance within an individual, therefore increasing enlightenment. Because the seal is no longer able to control enlightenment properly, the body will continue to be enlightened as imbalances occur.
The pain and rapid spread of the seal eventually will activate the body's immune system, seeing the seal as a threat; the immune system will attack the seal. Because the seal is a necessary part of the body ingrained in the DNA, its destruction leads to death. So far, only two accounts of death because of forced alterations have been recorded.
As of yet, there has been no conclusive evidence of any cure for the condition. It has been suggested that all members of the Eighth House remember to seek knowledge of such procedures before trying to attempt an alteration.


Granger read the report again, then he looked up at Arjun to make sure it was accurate. But he already knew. He had felt the change in her through her memories of the rape. Unknowingly she had altered her seal, and the seal had claimed her eyes. It was said that the seal could reflect in the eyes, like Granger's did. For Ollie, that reflection was permanent. The imbalance of color in her eyes was like a stamp on her face. A reminder of what was done to her, and of the price she was paying even now.
"Ollie's increasing pain is her body fighting against her seal." Arjun sighed. "If either the seal or her body loses, she could die. There is a chance that by stopping her, making her balance out and reject the darkness, she could live."
That darkness was so much a part of her, though. Arjun's words seemed impossible. But it wasn't just the darkness; it was the fact that she was taking on far too much emotional and mental strain, and that too was hurting her. While it was forcefully furthering her enlightenment, it was killing her. 
"How long do you think she has?" Granger asked, trying not to think the worst. He needed to think.
"Well, according to what the doctors found, it could be days, if not sooner. If she does not slow down and take the rest required, she will die."
He wanted to call her, but she had left behind her phone, along with most of her other belongings. He had to track her down. And there was only one other way he could think of to do it.
Taking out his phone, he dialed the last person he wanted to talk to.

()()()


I-70, Kansas

"Are you going to tell me?" Geo asked. 
"Geo, just let it go," Ellis grunted shifting in the passenger seat.
"I know you two were in St. Louis recently, Ellis. It was around the same time the River historian was found dead there. Ollie was the one who killed him, wasn't she? It had her signature all over it, even though they say it was Demon's Wrath."
Ellis closed his eyes. He didn't want to rat out his twin. 
But Geo had read the report and remembered their last business trip. The attack showed that the River historian had seen a dark image so terrifying that he had killed himself by clawing out his own throat. Why? Because of an image of a being of utter darkness that held the eyes of death. One eye was like hell, and the other was … pure evil. The man had experienced things that only Ollie could make him experience. And the seer that had picked up the images had killed herself because she had seen the same images instead of Ollie. Only Ollie had the ability to completely submerge an area in her power and have it linger permanently, so that any seer trying to track her would see exactly what they were up against. Darkness. Moon.
"What is Moon up to?" Geo asked, hoping that for once, Ellis would tell him something.
"And you think I would know that?"
Ellis knew more than he would say. "You were there when she killed him. I can see it on your face."
"I was outside the motel, waiting in the car, if that is what you mean by there." His words were like steel: hard and cold. "I heard nothing, saw nothing. But I'm sure that was her power at work. She didn't speak about the job. And if it is Moon-related, she won't. You know she'll die before jeopardizing us."
"It is Moon killing off the seers and historians. Damn. What are they up to?" Geo frowned, wishing he understood his sister and her group of outcasts. They had been quiet for so long, and now they were active--more active than what was considered safe. They had killed a House Sun record keeper and a River historian, and it was suspected that they had something to do with the Heart seer's suicide. It had something to do with the Oracle situation. But what?
Geo couldn't protect Ollie like this. He couldn't protect the family if she refused to help him. She always had to make life difficult. "Damn it."
Ellis's phone rang, which was odd, because the man rarely carried his phone and even more rarely got a phone call. Ellis answered it. "What?" 
There was a long silence. Whoever was on the other end was talking Ellis's ear off.
After a while, Ellis looked at the phone, slowly closing it before looking over at Geo with glazed eyes.
"What's going on?" 
Pain laced Ellis's eyes. He wasn't sure whether to pull over the car or keep driving. They were almost at their destination, but his brother looked like he would spill his guts any moment. 
"Ellis?"
"Drive," Ellis said, turning his head to look out the window.
They arrived at the restaurant where their family had last been spotted before the abduction. They pulled up next to a shiny red Corvette. Vlad, the eldest sister, and their nineteen-year-old brother, Wild Card, stood waiting outside the car, both looking pissed. Vlad had probably cussed the younger brother out about something, spoiling his mood and hers. Wild Card had on all black with a black bandana covering his head and dark sunglasses. He looked like a thug, but then again, he did run with a bunch of Blade enforcers that acted like thugs. Vlad was in jeans and a T-shirt, which was out of character for her, but this proved that she was ready to get down and dirty.
When Geo got out of the car, Ellis stayed seated.
"'Sup wi' Doc?" Wild Card nodded his head in Ellis's direction.
"He received a phone call not too long ago and has been like that since. He hasn't said."
"Must be about Olivia." Vlad's hard face turned soft, like that of a concerned sister. She walked over and opened the car door.
Ellis stiffened immediately.
She pried the phone from his tight grip and tossed it over to Geo. "Ellis," she said low and soothingly while unbuckling his seat belt, "how is Ollie?" 
Ellis's chest began to rise and fall as if he was having trouble breathing.
"Tell me, sweetie. Where is Ollie?" Vlad grabbed his hand and coaxed him out of the car
 Ellis continued to breathe heavily. Once he was out of the car, he stood there shaking his head.
"You can tell me, Ellis." She tried to get him to look her in the eyes. If anyone other than Ollie could get Ellis to release his frustration, Vlad was the one. "Come on, little brother. Tell me where Ollie is. What is she up to? How is our sister?"
"Ah, it mi' be best if we don' know." Wild Card looked shaken. The kid had never seen Ellis like this. But Geo had. When they had first found the twins. And Ollie was dead.
Geo had to make himself breathe, as he feared the worse. Pain ripped through him as he anticipated Ellis's response.
"Ellis." Vlad's voice caught as she tried to stay calm. "Come on, my little bookworm." She sniffed. "You are scaring me." She tried to hug him, but he pushed her away.
"Don't … d-don't. We have to find the others." Ellis's shaky voice chilled Geo.
He opened Ellis's phone and dialed Granger, knowing that the information had to have come from him. When the man answered, Geo asked him about Ollie.
After hanging up, Geo took in a deep breath. He had to clear his head. He needed to think clearly and figure out what to do next.
Wild Card began to panic. "Ah, daaamn!" 
"Calm down," Geo said, nailing Wild Card with a fierce look. He looked over at Ellis and then back at Wild Card, who followed his eyes. The young man nodded immediately and regained his senses. They did not need to make the situation worse. Keeping Ellis calm was crucial.
"Geo?" Vlad asked with tears in her eyes.
"How close are you to finding them?" Geo asked her, knowing she could track them with her powers. Her blood connection to them would lead her to them.
"All I know is that they are in a warehouse somewhere on the Mississippi River. So far, that is all I have." She rubbed Ellis's back while he braced himself with both hands against the car. "However, I'm fairly certain that I will have something useful by tomorrow, especially if we can find the abduction site," she explained. "Now, explain to me what is going on with Ollie."
"Ellis, do you want to--"
"I'm fine. Tell them." Ellis's voice barely registered as he gripped the roof of the car like it was a lifeline.
"Ollie has taken off. Granger's going after her, and Ellis is going to meet up with him in Kansas City--"
"What?" Ellis shot up straight. "Geo, you need me here."
"No, sir. I need you clear and levelheaded, and you won't be, as long as you know Ollie is out of your sight and dying."
"Dying?" Vlad gasped.
"Her enlightenment is killing her as long as she persists on forcing herself through it. If she's not found and doesn't settle herself by resting, she could be dead within days. Hours."
Ellis turned away from them.
"That settles it, then. Ellis, go find our sister. Make sure you stock up on heavy sedatives--elephant tranqs if you need to. Understood?" She held out her keys to her Corvette as a tear rolled down her face.
Ellis nodded before going to Geo's trunk and taking out his bag. Geo tossed him his phone.
"Bring them home, or this won't matter," Ellis said, knowing that if anything happened to any of the siblings, she would kill herself in order to kill all those responsible.
"It's done. You keep her alive."
"That's what I was born to do," Ellis said. He tossed his bag in the passenger seat, got into the car, and drove off at full throttle.

()()()


East St. Louis, Illinois

Bethea sat quietly, wishing she had a cigarette. At this rate, if she didn't get any nicotine, more days would be added to her life as her energy sought to repair her lungs. Either way, she would die. A month from now, two months … it didn't matter; she was prepared. It was her family she didn't want to leave. And it would be nice to see the future that was in store for her children.
Smiling, she placed her hands in her lap as she looked over their morbid faces. If they could only see … but their roles were not to see or to guide. That was her place.
Her children were still disoriented from being kidnapped, drugged, and brought to this cold and highly secure location. And it would be a while before they could focus, because they were still trying to wrap their heads around it all. It had happened so fast.
She looked over at Cee, who sat with Bones lying in her lap. She had been feeding the kid her own energy to keep him sustained, but it was wearing on her. She looked tired, and the energy transfer only sustained Bones for small periods. O-no wanted to help. He'd asked if she could take energy from him and give it to Bones, but she refused to even try it. Wolfe was trying to figure something out, but nothing sounded like a foolproof plan. Poor little Miko was curled between O-no and Sunny with fear in her eyes. The events of her childhood were playing in her head again. Seeing her mother die before her eyes had made her terrified of guns, so seeing her brother Troy lying on the ground, bleeding, had sent her mind over the edge.
Little one. She reached out her mind to Miko, who slowly looked up at her with bright, wide eyes. Remember what your sister told you. Ollie told you not to let it control you. Miko nodded, grabbing hold of O-no's arm as she began to think of Ollie. That would make Miko strong. Ollie affected her deeply.
She looked up at the mirror high above them in the wall. They were watching them, observing their captives. But they would get nothing from this little endeavor. At least they would get nothing they wanted.
The Oracle smiled as she looked up at the ceiling. Her children had the abilities they needed to get out of this mess; they were stronger than they knew. But their minds were clouded with worry and fear. That was why there were few who could set them free.
O-no could have taken control over the entire base by now by controlling the security systems and computer interfaces with his power alone. Bones could have used his mental vision to be their eyes. Sunny could persuade any guard to let down his defenses. Miko was a telekinetic and could have blown a hole in the wall with her abilities by now. Wolfe could superheat metal or almost anything to the point of melting, but only by touch. But when he had his hands on a firearm, the man was a genius. And even though gentle Cee was a healer and a prophet, she had learned how to fight at an early age and knew how to fire a weapon as well.
Yes, they all had the ability, but they had fear keeping them here. Fear and destiny.
Where are you? Why aren't you answering me? The shadow was still beckoning for her attention. But there was more than just one voice, one plea. She was no god. So it was not her duty to answer them. It was her duty to guide quietly.
Bethea sighed, wanting a cigarette.

()()()



19



Atlanta, Georgia

The moment the airplane began to descend, Ollie woke, feeling the pressure in her ears change. Pain clawed at her insides, but it didn't stop her. She stood up from her seat as the pilot came into the main cabin.
"I have a phone call for you."
"Granger?"
"No, but he said it was a friend."
Friend? No one knew she was here except the pilot.
Ollie looked down at the phone. "Who did you call?" she said, looking into the pilot's surprised eyes.
"Ma'am?"
"Who in hell did you call?" She stepped forward.
"I'm just following orders." The pilot stepped back. "I swear, to you, ma'am, I am doing as I was taught." He cowered looking at her eyes. She wasn't using her powers or wearing her sunglasses. She took them out of her pocket and put them on.
"Where am I?" she asked, calming down.
"Atlanta, as you asked."
"Good," she said. She walked to the door and unsealed it.
"Aren't you going to talk to--"
"Tell that bitch to kiss my ass," she said as the steps were being brought to the boarding door. The man gasped. No one except her talked about Demon's Wrath like that.
"But--"
"Scratch that. I don't want him near me, so tell him to go screw himself." She hobbled down the steps, clutching her side, not caring one bit about the groggy feeling that the medication was giving her. Soon it would be all over, and she could sleep for weeks, knowing that her family was safe.


()()()


The pilot put his ear to the phone as he watched the young woman shuffle off toward the main airport. Rumors traveled about her being bold and brash, but to tell Demon's Wrath such things was not wise. No one crossed him.
"Did you catch that?" he asked into the phone.
"I did," the man chuckled.
"Do you want me to go after her?"
"No, you will only end up dead. Besides, her comment doesn't affect me." There was a long pause. "Have her followed, but keep a measurable distance. Only intervene if she gets in trouble. If you get too close, she will notice you and kill you. You were warned."
"Yes, sir."
"And when she gets a new cell phone, find out the number." There was a smile in his wicked voice.


()()()


Using her illusions, Ollie walked through customs unchecked and made her way to the front of the airport. She looked around for anything that might look suspicious. But no one except Moon knew she was here now. 
That bitch was keeping tabs on her. Oh, how she wanted to kill him. Yeah, right. That was a likely as the seal on her skin disappearing for good, she thought. She walked out the front door of the terminal and caught a cab.
After giving the cab driver an address, she lay back and closed her eyes. All she needed was a moment to shut her eyes and regroup.
"Ma'am. Hey, lady." 
She jumped awake, not feeling as if she had slept at all. Looking around, she wiped her hand over her eyes. She was already at Troy's house.
"Are you all right?" The cab driver had gotten out of the car and opened her door and was shaking her. How far gone was she, to have slept so heavily around a total stranger?
"Sorry," she said, getting out of the cab. She made him think she had paid him and sent him on his way, then she stumbled to the house.
Walking up the steps to the porch, she took off her shirt and wrapped it around her forearm. She swung her arm hard and broke the glass of one of the front windows, cleared out the glass, and entered the house. She made her way to the homemade alarm system that Troy and Wolfe had set up and disarmed it. It wouldn't be long before Troy's system alerted him by cell phone. But he wouldn't care right now, would he? She ground her teeth as she leaned against a wall, bracing herself as the wave of pain moved slowly through her. 
Damn it, Troy, you better live.
After it passed, she made her way up the steps to the attic. Once she entered the code to the secured steel door of the attic, she walked into a vault full of advanced weaponry. She went to the computer and immediately began to check on all the recent activity she had missed, to see if there was any information that led to her family. What she found stopped her heart.
They were withholding food from Bones until Ollie contacted Mary Alexander. Ollie growled before she screamed in rage. "That evil bitch!" She began to cry from frustration. She went to one of the vaulted closets and began to unload the gun racks onto the floor, and she snatched ammo from the shelves. She grabbed five cell phones from a small table in the corner of the room and checked each one of them to make sure that they were working. 
As tears flowed down her inflamed cheeks, she grabbed two duffle bags and began loading them up. Tossing the bags down the attic stairs, she went to the computer and wrote down the phone number for that evil hussy. Then she took the last cell phone on the table and turned it on to call her.
A stern female voice answered. "This is a secured line." 
Before Ollie spoke, she stilled herself. "This is Fire Eye." She ground her teeth.
"Fire Eye. Mary Alexander requests a meeting in which you bring her the Oracle or the Oracle's location." Ollie had to laugh. Mary still didn't know that she already had the very thing she sought.
"And the boy will be fed?" Ollie asked.
"Of course, once you call us to confirm that you have the Oracle or know where the Oracle is."
Ollie pulled her ear from the phone, trying not to scream. There was no way she was telling them who Mama was. She put her ear back to the receiver to hear the voice say, "Proof is required."
"I'll contact you soon. But if any of them are harmed, Mary dies." Ollie was going to kill her anyway.
Ollie dialed her phone again as she clutched her side. She made her way to Troy's bedroom while the phone rang.
"Antonio," Geo answered.
"Geo, how much longer until you find them?"
"Ollie, where the hell have you been?" he yelled into the phone.
"Answer my question, or I'll hang up," she said, bored with his hysterics.
"Listen, Ollie, you need to stay put and relax. We--"
"No. You listen to me, asshole. I will not relax. I will not settle down or stay put. I. Want. Blood. Now, how long before you find them?"
"You are killing yourself, Ollie. Granger says that if you continue pushing, you will destroy yourself." Fear gripped his voice.
"Big damned deal. Troy could die. Bones could die. Who cares if I die?" No way in hell was this about her.
"Are you suicidal?" he growled into the phone, fury replacing fear.
"No, I'm homicidal. I plan on eliminating the problem. And guess what, Geo? I am not the problem." 
Silence stretched over the phone.
"Little sister, please listen to reason."
"We're past that. I'm going after Mary," she said, hanging up.
Little sister? Damn, she must be dying if he'd pulled that one out. That was desperation. Geo rarely showed such weakness. Damn. She swallowed hard to keep down the rising bile.
Dying, huh? She looked up at the ceiling, trying to see through it to the sky. "Well, God, I guess my time is up. Thank you. It's been great." She smiled before she went to Troy's chest of drawers and pulled out a gray T-shirt and a belt. She went to his closet and found a black denim jacket and some black jeans. They would be a little big, but Troy had lost so much weight that the difference wouldn't be too great.
She laughed as she got into the shower. It was just a few days ago when she had cursed her brother out for not taking care of himself, and now look at her. She was killing herself. But there was no way she was going to back down. She couldn't. She owned them all too much.
Without her brothers and sisters, who would she be? What would she do? Her life had no meaning without them. Her soul would be blacker and more evil than it was.
Putting on the clothes, she looked out the window and saw several cars pull up. She smiled. She had hoped that she would catch someone's attention. Ollie raced down the stairs and into the kitchen while throwing up a barrier in the surrounding area, one that would make anyone nearby believe that nothing was happening.
Sliding across Troy's newly waxed hardwood floor, she stopped at the kitchen sink. Squatting, she opened the cabinet under the sink and brought out an unfinished wooden box. It was time to see how the newest edition of her hillbilly twins performed. She unlatched the locks and looked at them. So which will it be, Billy or Bob? She laughed, grabbing and loading the pump-action double-barreled twelve-gauge sawed-off with a magazine of armor-piercing shots. Oh, yeah. Wolfe loves me, she thought as she kissed the barrel.
Hearing the crunch of glass, one of the intruders had come through the window she had broken. If the intruders were smart, one would enter through the window to scope out the area. Then, if the coast was clear, he would open the doors from the inside and allow the others inside to find out what they could. If it was dangerous, they would fall back until they knew the full extent of what they were dealing with. If they were smart.
Now to test her theory. Quietly she crept through the kitchen to the adjoining living room. Passing by the doorway leading to the front entrance, she looked through the frosted glass of the front-door's window to see two figures waiting outside. That made three at least. A noise came from the back door. So there were more at the back entrance. She assumed that six or seven fools were here for information.
Her mind went to the only man who had entered the house. Grabbing his mind, she made the darkness she had been holding back reach for him. The void of emotions she'd held for the intruders manifested itself, taking on shape, a bottomless form. As it reached for him, he began to shiver. When it began to swallow his fear, absorbing it, it released a painful, searing fire that grabbed his soul, slowly creeping and seeping into every vein of his body. When he began to scream, all hell broke loose.
His comrades were coming to his aid. They were idiots. Theory proven.
Pumping the shotgun, she slid across the floor until she was lined up with both men entering through the back door. Bracing her arms, she pulled the trigger and slid back from the recoil before pausing a moment to admire her handiwork. Two for one. Wolfe was right--the recoil wasn't so bad; she had stopped sliding before she reached the doorway. And the armor-piercing rounds … More bang for the buck. She laughed just as shots rang past her head.
Pumping the gun, loading another shot, she dove behind the kitchen table, landing on her side. She screamed out in pain as she tried to bite back tears. With blurred vision, she pulled the trigger on the first image to enter the kitchen. The head of the assailant exploded. Yuck. 
Pumping the gun again, discarding the shells, she listened as the first intruder, whose mind she had touched, continued to scream; he was seeing his painful death and was unable to do anything about it. And soon his voice would be getting hoarse.
Sliding across the floor toward the entrance of the kitchen, she listened. The other intruders were too quiet. They couldn't have left; she was just starting to have fun.
From the corner of her eye, something caught her attention. She looked toward the back door, where one of her new playmates was creeping up onto the back porch. He looked up at her and her at him. 
The race was on. 
Pushing off the wall, she slid across the floor toward the door. She was so grateful that her brother was a neat freak and kept the floors waxed. Then again, it could've been the blood that made the floor extra-slick. She reached the door before the man did and kicked it, slamming it shut in his face. When the glass of the door's window shattered, she stood up and shot him through the broken window. Sliding again from the recoil, she continued to back up until her back hit the wall and she slid down, trying to ignore her pain.
Someone cursed, and then a female voice said something. Ollie pulled herself together and slowly slid herself to the doorway of the kitchen to peek out at the front entranceway. 
"This is a mess." A man was behind the stairs, crouching, from what Ollie could tell.
"What do you suggest we do now?" The woman was at the wall on the opposite side of Ollie.
"Are you asking whether we fall back or proceed? I have no idea. Only Irvin could tell us that, and he is … well, I don't know what he is," he whispered. They were talking about the gurgling man who wanted release from the hell she had put him in. So she gave it. Death was his.
His body fell, lifeless. Ollie frowned. Something was different. That was too easy.
"Uh, maybe we can bargain."
"Okay, try it," the woman urged.
"We want to talk!" he shouted. 
Ollie took aim for the wall, blowing a hole in it and in the woman on the other side.
The man fell silent, as she had expected.
"You mean you want to talk," Ollie said, feeling some of the pain ease up, but her vision was still hazy.
"Y-yes. Yes. I … I …"
Ollie stood up and pumped the gun one last time. She walked around the corner, gun pointed down at the man.
He looked up into Ollie's face with fear. And when his eyes locked onto hers, his fearful eyes tripled in size. Any moment, he would ruin his pants. She loved that look.
"Who sent you?"
"My em … em …"--the man swallowed, trying to pull himself together--"em-employer w-would like to talk with--"
"His name."
"Ar-Ar-Ar-Arthur Clifton," he bit out. His breathing quickened. "P-p-please …"
Ollie shot off his head before he could finish begging. Blood and nastiness splattered from the explosion. Watching his body spasm before falling lifelessly, she felt nothing. Nothing.
Ollie, you can't keep plunging yourself into this world. You are already so disconnected from so much. You are not insane, but if you keep on this road …
We love you, and we want you with us for as long as possible, and not just physically. Your mental health is important to us. You have been down a road that is hard for anyone to come back from. But you did. And here you are, crazy but loveable.
However, I am afraid if you don't stop your current activities, that fragile hold you have on sanity will loosen until all you have is the darkness.
Can you pull yourself back from that twice?
Ric was always trying to get her to see reason. His reason. But she had her own reason. She looked around and sighed. What a mess. Troy was going to be pissed, and he'd better live to cuss her out. 
She ran up the steps and put on fresh clothes. Grabbing the two duffle bags she had packed, she made her way out the front door to one of the black sedans parked out front. They had even been nice enough to leave the keys in the ignition. She started the car, then pulled out one of her cell phones and dialed a number.
"This is Squeaky Clean. You need it clean, we make it Squeaky Clean," a male voice answered with a jolly tone.
"Squeaky Clean, this is one of your regulars. I need an immediate cleanup, and I was wondering if you can get it done before the Moon rises."
He cursed in French.
"Where eez your location?" His voice was grim.
"I will text the site location to you."
"You need to come een." The voice grew serious as the American accent slipped further. "Devil's Trill's orders."
"Nope," she said, hanging up. 
Devil's Trill? If Creed was calling her in, then it was really bad. It wouldn't be long before Moon hunted her down. You are our biggest threat.
Ollie slammed down her hands on the steering wheel, screaming. A scream of pain, frustration. Exhaustion. Hopelessness. A scream of fear as her mother's words came to her.
You can't save us all. There will be a time when you come to a crossroads, one in which you will have four directions to choose from. No, I will not tell you which is best. But I know all of those roads leads to death--three of those to yours. And the last one … The last road holds this message:
The past is not your enemy. 
Light and night are too weak to save you.
Only one can form the connection. 
The Temple's fall lies in the true source of destruction.
Death is the key to all salvation. 
What the hell did she mean? Ollie wiped the tears from her eyes and exhaled.
Sit and do nothing, Ollie, she told herself. Watch and pray. Hope. Let them handle it. Go home, Ollie. Just go home.
Ollie began to laugh.
Like hell.
She saw the four roads she could take, but only one of them was clear in her mind. After sending the address for the cleanup, she threw the phone out the window and headed for downtown Atlanta. All roads led to Mary Alexander.


()()()


It had been a little over half an hour since Elliot had lost contact with one of his surveillance teams. They had seen someone exit a cab and break into the house that was owned by a man with connections to Fire Eye. His connection with her was discovered after the killings at the gas station; the initial contacts had found Fire Eye at a club and followed her to the acquaintance's house. After some thorough digging, it was learned that the house belonged to a Martha Atkins and had been willed to her daughter upon the woman's death. But that woman never had claimed the house, so a shadow client had bought the house under the name Eli Oden.
Eli Oden. Ella Oden. Both were aliases used by an unknown entity, and it could be assumed that all of them belonged to Fire Eye or someone she worked for. But the main inhabitant was named Troy. Arthur had done some business with him before. As had Augustus Granger, which gave Arthur pause.
He made sure that none of his operatives touched the man's house until they were sure that Troy was not an employee of Granger's. No way did Arthur want to tread on Granger's turf again. It was only recently revealed that Troy was an independent contractor and only did business with Granger on occasion, so he had allowed Elliot's task force to breach the home in order to find information and find out who the intruder was. With the man in critical condition, it might be the best time to move in.
"They should have checked in thirty minutes ago," Elliot said rubbing his chin.
Arthur agreed as he watched his number one agent pace a hole in his carpet. Elliot clearly was concerned about his team. He had wanted to go check up on them, but Arthur had sent another team to check it out from a distance. If something happened to Elliot's team, he didn't want Elliot getting involved directly. He was far too valuable.
The agent was a tall man with an average build. His dark hair curled around his face like a frame. He wore glasses with thin, dark rims that gave him the appearance of a young professor or a young student in college. He had an inquisitive personality and looks to match. If he had a question about something, he made it a point to find the answer, and that was the main reason Arthur found him so valuable.
"Arthur, can I be honest with you?" Elliot stopped pacing and turned his attention to Arthur.
"Please."
"You are digging into some heavy areas. That family that you wanted information on is not exactly the ideal family. They are connected to some very powerful people who wouldn't appreciate anything happening to them. I don't have a lot of conclusive information yet, but I can tell you that their connections run as deep as Preston Falco, Caitlynn Roylance, and Logan Brashire. I mean, these are not lightweights, Arthur. And the name that bothered me the most was Augustus Granger."
Arthur grimaced. That was the last thing he wanted to hear. The very last thing.
"Does he suspect our involvement or intentions?"
Elliot looked stunned. "If he did, do you think we would be having this conversation?"
That was true. Granger had already warned him once. If he suspected Arthur of anything else, then Arthur would become one of his puppets. Once possessed by Granger, no one ever questioned him or his authority; it was do or die. And death was the only way out. Even his death would kill all those he possessed. It was why he was so feared. His power was all-encompassing. 
After researching his abilities, Arthur had found that Augustus Granger had some disturbing abilities and potential. Not only could the soul possessor claim a person's mind and body; he could claim the powers as well. The possessed became puppets at the wielder's disposal. What really bothered Arthur was the full potential of the power. At full power, Granger not only would control the person fully; he could take in the possessed's own energy, power, and knowledge, claiming them as his own. And even after the possessed passed away, Granger would retain the power and knowledge of the deceased, if he so chose. And that meant the man could become more powerful than any Pillar, if one existed. Such a power would overrule any order set by the Structure, whether he was a leader or not. His reach was so great that he did not need to lift a finger to get what he wanted.
"I have a feeling that if you continue with your pursuits, you will have to take sides. River is now ahead and destroying the competition. Breath, once our ally, will be bowing to River or Blade, depending on who gets to them first. The House has never been strong, so it will not be long before they are conquered."
"They should have stayed in our shadow. Fools." Arthur laughed. Breath had always had dreams to be a front runner in the Structure, but they'd never had the necessary backbone, so they had sided with Flame and became the House's muscle in times of need. "But I have a feeling they will be crawling back."
"As do I." Elliot began his pacing again.
When Elliot's phone rang, he answered it immediately.
"No. Wha …?" Elliot shook his head in disappointment. "Damn. Pull out and alert the area." He hung up the phone. Arthur sat on the edge of his seat as Elliot turned his attention toward him. Dread was like a banner on his face.
"They are all dead, sir. Massacred. And whoever did it is long gone."
"All of them?" Before he could get an answer, his office phone rang. When he picked it up and put it to his ear, the phone went dead. He pulled his head back looking at the phone.
The office door opened slowly, and a woman with curly hair, a large black denim jacket, a gray T-shirt, and black jeans stood in the doorway. Though she had on sunglasses, there was no mistaking that the woman was Fire Eye. Elliot moved to take her down, but the woman moved faster, pointing a handgun straight between his eyes. Elliot stopped just short of the gun touching the bridge of his nose. The look on his face was a mixture of terror and exhilaration.
Slowly she turned her head to look at Elliot. "I wouldn't," she said in a calm, seductive tone.


()()()


If this man wanted to test Ollie, she knew exactly where to put the bullet in his olive hide. He was a tall man with dark hair and glasses. And even his eyes were dark. He looked somewhat intelligent, so he was smart enough not to try anything stupid. 
Closing the door behind her with her foot, she looked over at Arthur. Something didn't feel right. There was something in the room that tugged at her energy.
Looking back at the man with the glasses, she frowned. The energy was coming from this buffoon. He wasn't as smart as she figured.
"Whatever you're doing, I would cut it out." She pushed the gun into his nose as she made him feel the force of her power, like a wall. The force immediately made him shut off his abilities.
He swallowed hard, nodding.
"Please … please don't …" Arthur pleaded.
"Who are you?" she asked the man in glasses, cutting off the coward's words.
"Elliot, Flame operative," the man answered immediately. A tremble vibrated from the gun. Though he trembled, his voice didn't hold much fear. 
Ollie frowned, wondering. But she didn't have time to look into him further. Right now the focus was on Arthur.
"Mr. Clifton, you are going to answer my questions. I suggest you not play with me, or I will blow your operative's head off and then yours. Do you understand?"
"Yes."
Arthur hadn't hesitated. That was good. She continued to look at the other man, making sure he didn't try anything. She wasn't concerned about Arthur. He was too scared to be a threat. But this man … She made Elliot experience pressure and weight enough to bring him to his knees and keep him there.
"Where is my family?" she asked Arthur.
"I don't know," he answered.
"But you know who took them?"
"Yes." Arthur nodded.
"Who?"
"Mary Alexander."
Good. Honesty.
"And how do you know this?" She turned her attention across the room to the desk, where he sat on pins and needles. He wasn't an impressive-looking man. He was thin, and he looked to be about the age of forty. He had reddish-brown hair and brown eyes, a narrow, clean-shaven chin, a thin nose. Not impressive. But he had an air that was all business, and very impressive.
He seemed to calm down a bit. "I have been following her activity." 
"But you had no hand in her actions?"
"None."
"You've been pursuing me."
"Yes, but for different reasons. I had no plans to use actions as drastic as Mary's." There was a hint of desperation in his voice.
"Good boy. Now, where is she?"
"River Hideaway in Michigan," he said. "I don't have directions."
"I don't need them. But you have directions, Mr. Clifton, just like they have directions to Flame's. Don't lie to me again." She surrounded him in darkness that only he could see and feel. She made sure that the darkness was as cold and unfeeling as she was right now.
After he gasped, she smiled, releasing her hold on him. "Mr. Clifton, I only have one more question for you. Do you value your life?" she asked.
"Y-yes." His voice had heightened in pitch.
"You don't sound so sure, Mr. Clifton." She laughed at his nervousness.
"Yes, I value my life."
"Then remember this--I don't have one to value. So be careful how you cross me again." She turned and left.


()()()


Arthur sank in his chair as she disappeared right before his eyes, like she was never there. It scared him more than her appearance. The darkness that came from her, the evil intent, was so tangible that he could still feel it in the room. Whatever power she possessed was far more frightening than any power he had come in contact with. In one instant, he had felt the urge to surrender everything.
He inhaled the sweet air, grateful to be alive. He sat up, only to see Elliot on his knees, dumbfounded. It was as if the man expected more.
"I thought she would kill us too." Arthur said.
Elliot snapped out of it with a sigh before standing up. "Yes," he said finally. "But I believe we are only alive because she saw the truth of our involvement. Or it could be the fact that she made her point without our blood being shed."
"That she did." Chills ran up Arthur's back. "She is dangerous, and her powers are formidable."
"You felt the force of her power as well?" Elliot asked.
"What I felt was more than force. Do you have any idea what kind of power that was?"
"I have some ideas." Elliot looked back at the door, which was still closed. 
Arthur was surprised as well. She had come in through an open door and then disappeared. She had made him feel complete darkness, so tangible that he'd been paralyzed by it.
"So what do we do now?" Elliot asked with an amused look on his face.
"Well, we just dodged a bullet, Elliot. So we are going to have to look at other avenues to get what we want. Call Sebastian Crenshaw. I think he should know that Mary is in danger."
Elliot cocked his head in a way Arthur had never seen the man do before. "Why?"
"Because I want to slow Fire Eye down so that I can see how close Mary gets."
"You want to use Mary to get what you want."
"Exactly." And he wanted Fire Eye captured. Being Moon, she was far too dangerous to be left free. She needed to be contained.
Elliot's laughter sent chills up Arthur's spine. "Arthur, I think you have been hanging around me too much. That is too diabolical."
"You don't approve?"
"Of course I do. In fact, I feel more at ease about what I wanted to tell you earlier. I wasn't sure if you'd like to hear it--"
"Are you holding back on me, Elliot?" Arthur interrupted, wondering what Elliot had been keeping from him.
"Yes. I'm not your personal assistant. You pay me to get dirty. Honestly, Arthur, you're cautious, and the information I have is far from safe. But if you want it, I'll give it to you and tell you how I think you should proceed with your plans."
"I will listen and consider your suggestions." Arthur had every intention to use what information he got to his advantage.
"I just wasn't sure we saw eye to eye. You are far more clean-cut than I am, sir."
"Listen, if it weren't for you, I never would have gained the council's notice." For the past five years, with Elliot's help, Arthur had gained an immense level of respect that would have taken him longer to achieve on his own. If nothing else, Elliot was effective and very informative. Though Elliot's methods were less appealing, they were very beneficial. "So let's hear what you have found out."
"I didn't want to get your hopes up, but I think you might have a seat on the Head Council. I have received word that at eight o'clock tomorrow evening, Elroy McGregor will be resigning from his post for family-related reasons. It seems your Flame competitor Natalya Kovonoff has been working to get some dirt on one or more of the House members so that she could open up a seat on the council."
"Yes, I know. So she finally did?" Arthur frowned. How long had Elliot known this information?
"I believe she found what she needed. Upon stepping down, McGregor is supposed to nominate her for consideration. But I happen to know that several faction members have hired assassins to kill her the moment she is nominated, because of her treachery or their own ambitions."
"Elliot, how long have you known this?"
"I've been hearing things. But like I said, it isn't conclusive, and I didn't want to cloud your mind with speculation. Plus you are in perfect alignment for the position. So not telling you was as good as telling you."
"Good alignment? How?" Arthur did not see his reasoning.
"Well if you gave Flame everything you have learned so far, showing the intel on River, Stone, Sun, Heart, Breath, and Blade--intel the others are lacking--then they have to see that you are the best man for the position. And you know the other two councilors already favor you, and their decisions have a heavy weight."
Arthur was completely baffled. He had been so busy watching Mary that he had not seen how close he was to reaching his goals. But this was just a portion of his dreams.
"How do you know for certain? Where do you get your information?" How could he be certain it was credible?
Elliot gave a smug smile. "I told you already, it's not concrete. But you might want to be ready just in case they give you a call. We still haven't figured out how to guarantee that Flame has the next Oracle. That should be your focus."
He was right. "I believe the other Houses are doing a fine job of eliminating competitors. But I am concerned about one thing."
"Augustus Granger." Elliot nodded.
"Exactly."
"Sir, you're not the only one. It seems other Houses have that same fear. He could still be a contender. Some say he might decide to take the position once all the opposition has been eliminated. Some think that he will get so powerful that he won't need the position or will just possess the Oracle to gain the power he wants. I have gathered a little intelligence about him, but it is hard to get enough information without getting close, and he has eyes and ears everywhere."
"I know. That is why I have been thinking …" Arthur did not like the thoughts that had been coming to him recently, but they seemed to grow bolder. As if this was the only way to handle the issue of Granger.
"What?" Elliot waited.
"I have heard it said that you cannot reach your goals without eliminating your fears."
They looked at each other. The knowledge that connected them was so strong, nothing needed to be said, but Arthur spoke anyway. "We will have to eliminate Augustus Granger."
Granger was the last one he wanted to cross. But how could Arthur get close to his goals with that cloud always hanging over him?
Elliot nodded quietly. "Don't worry, I think I know how to handle it."
Arthur felt somewhat relieved. But then he was disturbed by how casually Elliot seemed to handle the thought of taking out Granger. Surely he feared the soul possessor.
"Are you sure you want to go up against Granger?"
"I don't have the ability to go up against him, I don't know any who do, but I know a few ways to approach the matter. As I recall, the council has a safeguard against Granger, as does Blade. I'll send you the information. However, they might not be necessary, because Granger is far more conservative with his powers than most think. He hates to use them, for fear of becoming amoral. In truth, I believe the man knows little about his power and his potential. His hesitation could be his weakness. True, he is shrewd in business, but he still has a heart. If I can find the right moment …"
Those last words were cold and calculating. It was becoming increasingly clear that Elliot had done more research than Arthur had known about.
"Then Granger is your project. Elliot, I know you are reserved about what you tell me, worrying about what I may or may not want to hear, but I prefer if you tell me everything that connects to our goals."
"Yes, sir."
"So this is what we will do. Our first concern should be keeping order in the Structure. Keeping incidents down to a minimum while cleaning up messes that involve the public. Showing the Structure why we are the best for the job. While I look into going after Granger publicly, you work in the underground. 
"Keep your eyes on Mary and the old woman that she holds captive. Find a way to get to the old woman. I have a feeling she is very important. Find out any information about her that you can." And feelings were the key to Flame's energy.
"I told you there was no record of her anywhere."
"And that is the very reason I think she is essential. Now, let's call Crenshaw." Because Arthur had evil in the form of a curly-headed woman that he wanted contained.

()()()



20



Private airfield, Kansas

Sitting in the plane with his mind open to receive the flow of information he usually limited, Granger tried not to think about Ollie. But it still burned under his skin that she had left him the way she had. She didn't even call to say she was okay or anything. She could be dead already. What was Ollie up to? Even with all his resources, why couldn't he find her?
Waiting for Ellis, Granger found out a lot of information that didn't make sense. There was a lot of activity going on in Flame and a shakedown going on in River. Mary was making her move and clearing out all the competition. She had leverage and was using it openly. She had a chokehold on the Grand House that rivaled Granger's hold. Within a week, she would have the Structure eating out of her hand while she slid into place to have her Oracle candidate elected. Two competitors were already poised to step down or be assassinated. The bull had made her move. She had eliminated most of Stone's nominations for Oracle and two of Sun's, though no one knew it was her doing. And she still didn't know she had the Oracle. 
Mary was now so heavily guarded that no one except her most trusted people would get to her. He just hoped Ollie wasn't crazy enough to … Of course she was crazy enough.
"Augustus, your guest has arrived." His young attendant smiled, coming into the cabin. She opened the door to the plane, and Augustus immediately felt the twin's rage.
He was ready to pounce, blaming Granger for letting her get away. Sighing, Granger stood up and moved toward the opening, pulling his attendant out of the way so that she would not get hurt.
He stood in the opening, as Ellis bolted up the steps, taking two at a time. Granger reached his energy out to one of the Blades he had recently possessed and channeled his power, making it his own, right before Ellis launched at him. Using the newly acquired power, he absorbed the impact, grabbing hold of Ellis's shoulders, bringing the man into the plane, locking Ellis's arms behind his back, slamming him into the wall, and pinning him there. Those few years of college football paid off.
Ellis was stunned momentarily, but he soon recovered enough to use his power to relax Granger's mind and his hold.
"Don't make me possess you," Granger growled, reinforcing his hold as he began to take on the powers of one of his River spies, reflecting Ellis's powers onto him.
The twin's fury eased as his own calming powers soothed him. "How …?" Ellis's voice trailed off as he lost the will to ask. The man slid to the floor, limp.
He let Ellis go. The man was completely submissive at that moment, giving Granger pause. Ellis's power was far more formidable than he realized. His ability to relax the mind affected all aspects of a person--relaxing powers, body, and guard, taking away any will, apprehension, emotion, or sense of being. It was like being stoned on some drug. And it was a perfect counter for Ollie's abilities, especially since his abilities potentially could heal the mind, while hers could destroy it.
Ellis's body woke up slowly as his mind came back into focus.
"How did you do that?" Ellis looked up at Granger with big, round eyes, like those of a wondering child.
Granger hadn't known he could do it until a few days ago. But he learned so he could protect Ollie. He had explored all facets of his powers to make sure he was capable, and he'd found he was more than capable. It scared him.
"So you want to talk now?" Granger laughed. "Forgive me if I don't answer you." He turned and walked off. Ellis still needed time to think things through. Plus Granger needed to concentrate on finding Ollie.
"Ann." He turned to his attendant who stood quietly in the corner, bewildered. "Tell Dale to get us up in the air. We are still headed toward Michigan until further notice." She immediately left to do as he asked.
Granger went to his seat and buckled his seat belt. Ellis made his way to a seat and did the same.
As soon as they were up in the air, his attendant came into the main cabin with a phone.
He cleared his throat before answering it. "Yes?"
"It's George. Can I speak to Ellis?"
Granger frowned but handed his phone over to the twin.
Ellis frowned, answering it. "What?" 
"Yer've to get 'er to stand down, Ellis," Granger felt George say through Ellis's mind.
"What do you think I'm trying to do, George?"
"She's at risk. Devil's Trill gave a order for 'er to come in. She ignored it."
Terror grabbed Ellis. Devil's Trill? Granger could see the image of a young man playing the violin. If what he was seeing was correct, this Devil's Trill had a considerable amount of power in Moon.
"Why?"
"Can' say."
"Where is he?"
"You know I don' know. You'd know better 'an me. But if she doesn' come in, 'e's gonna send out recon."
Granger felt Ellis's agony. Evidently that was bad.
"You 'ave to stop Ollie. If 'ey catch 'er--"
"Don't you think I know?" Ellis growled. It was Ellis's job.
His job? Wait.
Granger dug deeper into Ellis's mind. Granger was shocked by what he found. Ellis had been commissioned by Moon to stop Ollie if the need ever arose. It was a safeguard in case she ever went rogue or let her darkness take over completely. Or if she ignored Moon protocol and took matters into her own hands, potentially exposing Moon or endangering the Oracle. Ellis had agreed to it because he wouldn't let anyone else touch her. Ollie didn't want him to have that burden, because it might mean he'd have to kill her, but Ellis wouldn't let anyone else have it. Granger felt bad for the brother. How could he even agree to something like that?
"Ellis, if you don' an' Moon doesn', Blade could--"
"George, you may be my cousin, but if you go after Ollie, I will hunt you down--and everyone of your kin and order. Understood?" Ellis's voice was stone: cold and immobile. To his own cousin?
George was silent for a long time.
"You could try, cousin." The words were colder than Ellis's. Moon wasn't one to threaten. 
Ellis … laughed? "Next time we meet, George, you better hope Ollie's with me." Because Ellis had every intention of grinding the man's face in.
Granger grinned at Ellis's nerve. He was truly Ollie's twin. The job description came with nerves of steel. It was impossible to survive her without it. Ollie had a presence that made everyone around her stronger or want to be stronger. 
"An' if she gets ou' of hand?"
"Would you like to be the one to stop her?" Ellis asked. His stomach clenched at the thought.
Silence stayed between them for a long time.
"Do you know about her condition?" Ellis's words were slight, barely passing his lips.
"Condition?"
"She's dying." His hands trembled in time with his words.
"Call if you need anything from us." There was an ache in George's reply as he hung up.
Ellis was surprised by the man's response. George had never offered Moon's services to him. Ever. Though they talked as cousins, family, never had they talked as associates in business. Anything Ellis knew about Moon came from Ollie. Ellis felt the weight of his cousin's offer. Ollie was really in a bad place.
Ellis handed the phone back to Granger, who didn't say anything.
As Ellis sat, completely silent, Granger felt worry and questions inside of the concerned brother. The turmoil of what had happened to them when they were children played over and over. He blamed himself for being Sun instead of Moon as he covered his ears hearing her scream and cry to be let out of the room. All he could hear was her crying, whimpering, pawing at the door. And no matter how hard he tried, he could not get to her. Not old enough, not strong enough. Not a good brother at all. Even in his sleep, he could see her broken body when Geo had burst into the room and pulled her out. She was dead. 
His little heart shattered bit by bit as Mama tried over and over to revive her. Ric was the one to call the paramedics. Geo made sure that the woman responsible didn't go anywhere. And then there were footsteps, as if someone was walking through the room, but Ellis could not see who it was, if anyone were there at all. An overwhelming feeling came over him, and the urge to sleep grew heaver than his will to be with his sister.
When he woke up, he was lying in a bed beside Ollie. She was alive and hooked up to several machines. The tubes connected to her made her look half-artificial. Geo was there when he woke up and told him that those responsible would be put in prison for a long time. They had made it appear as if both of the children had died due to child abuse. They would no longer be known as they once were. 
The boy didn't care. He crawled out of his bed and lay in her bed, next to her, to make sure that he never left her again. No one would hurt her again. No one would take her away from him again. She was his sister, under his protection. And he would kill for her. Had killed for her.
Granger eyed the man, seeing the memories.


()()()


"Where have you been, Ellis?" Geo looked down at the quiet seventeen-year-old.
Ellis would not indulge him. If he wanted answers, he would have to pry them from him.
"Ellis?" Geo warned.
"Antonio, leave him," Mama said, entering the room with a towel in her hand. "Go help Troy with his homework." She placed the towel on the back of one of the kitchen chairs, smiling at the oldest. "While calculus is a breeze for him, he has not quite grasped the concept of Shakespeare."
"What kind of fruit loop writes in prose?" Troy's voice yelled through the house. "If you mean to say somethin', just say it!"
"It's art, Troy!" Ellis yelled back to his naïve brother, defending the great author. "Expression of emotion through words, imagery."
"Bull!" Troy yelled back.
Ellis rose from the table to confront him, but Mama grabbed him and pulled him outside onto the back porch. "Look at you," she said angrily.
Ellis turned away from her. She knew where he had been and what he had done.
"You are ready to go after your own flesh and blood, son." She turned his face to meet hers. "I warned you, didn't I?"
He nodded.
"Once you take a life, things change. You change. You can never take that back."
"And I don't want to." Not after what they did to Ollie. She did not deserve her punishment. He would hunt them down again and kill them both with the same satisfaction.
"But will you stop with them? Can you truly turn it off? You cannot kill every individual that hurts your sister, Ellis. People will say things, do things, that will hurt her."
"Then I will--"
"You will not." Mama put her hands on his shoulders, giving him a stern look. "Listen to me. If you harm anyone else for her, you must ask her first. Do you hear me?"
He stood still, wishing he did not have to.
"Ellis. If I have to, I will wipe your mind clean and make you a puppet. Then she will be nothing to you." The woman's voice held promise. "Do you want that? To forget her?"
He shook his head. That was the last thing he wanted.
"I will not have you murdering people."
"They starved her. Killed her. Mama, they had to die!" he shouted.
"And who made you God?" she shouted back at him.
He grew silent as tears ran down his cheeks. "I can still hear her crying in my sleep, Mama. They changed her."
"We all change, Ellington. Your names changed. Your family changed. You have grown, and so has she. You will go your separate ways one day. But you must chain the darkness inside of you, my son, because Ollie has enough darkness in her to accommodate all of us. You need to be her light, the positive force in her life. Keep her out of trouble. Protect her with your love, not your hate. Promise me," she said, hugging the boy, who cried.
"Yes, ma'am," he promised. But if Ollie asked, if she ever needed him to, he would kill again.


()()()


Ellis was tormented by those days as much as Ollie was. Even more so. He felt responsible for her, for what had happened. Wishing he was Moon instead of her.
But there is more, isn't there, Ellis?
"You know things about Moon, don't you?" Granger watched the man as his grip tightened on the armrest.
"What makes you think that?" Ellis said quietly.
"You are Ollie's twin. And your mother was Moon. So I figured you would have the inside information that no one else has."
He laughed bitterly. "You know how to retrieve it from me, so why ask?"
"I prefer not to dig that deep. Especially since what I've learned from you so far is as scary as some of the things I've seen in Ollie."
"Then you have not seen half of Ollie." His intensity crowded the plane as he thought of his sister. Granger caught an image of her standing over a bleeding man, switchblade in his shoulder, trembling as she questioned him without remorse about his pain.
"Then tell me about her."
"Why?" Ellis frowned.
"I want to know why you protect someone you are so scared of." Granger felt calmness fill the man, who smiled.
"Because she is my sister. I love her despite how crazy, loud, rude, and deadly she is. Though she does not care much, when she does, she cares deeply. She loves deeply. But the reaches of her love and loyalty are limited and can be squashed as easily as if she stepped on a roach. She can remove herself so … completely that it can … unnerve … anyone." His voice trailed off.
"And she would do anything for her family."
"That is her limit." Ellis sighed. "Granger, I will only tell you this because you can find out regardless. But I will only tell you once. Ollie cares little for herself. She would sacrifice herself in a minute to save her family, because she feels that they … we are the only thing good about her."
Granger remembered what she had said. Without them, I'm nothing more than a shell. He laughed.
"Why do you find that funny?" Ellis snarled.
"I don't. What I find funny is how you all see her. I have read all of you and seen your memories. It seems that you all believe Ollie is the one who needs protecting. You all think that without her, the family would fall apart. She worries about you most of all, and you worry about her. You all worry so much about her being found out as Moon--so much so that she makes herself conceal her eyes. She rarely stops using her powers unless she is asleep. Without proper rest, the strain exhausts her. She tried to stay put, to please you all, when she wanted to be out in the field, creating a further imbalance. She is killing herself to please you all."
Ellis frowned, wanting to deck Granger. Then as soon as his anger had come, so did his sorrow. "I killed her."
Granger immediately regretted his words. Ellis was blaming himself again. Damn. Ollie would kick his ass right now.
"No, you didn't. And Ollie would put her foot up both our asses if she knew you thought that. So cut it out." Granger began to consume some of his grief.
"What are you doing?" Ellis looked over at Granger, startled.
"Clearing your head so that you can think through this. Ollie cares so much that she would sacrifice herself for you all, so this is part of her sacrifice. Giving up her identity to protect you all. To make you all happy." Granger looked out the window of the plane, feeling a bit jealous. "She is strong-willed, determined to make her own way. So this was more her decision than anyone's. If you said you wanted something, she wouldn't hesitate to get you what you wanted, even if you told her not to worry about it. Ollie isn't a stupid woman. She is extremely conscious of all of her decisions. All of her actions, even the crazy ones, are deliberate, Ellis. So don't blame yourself for her condition. She wouldn't like it."
"Mama, always says she spoils us."
Ellis's mind began to work at a rate so fast that Granger had a hard time keeping up. He was processing something, and it was creepy how fast and complex the process was. The man was truly brilliant, and far more powerful than he let on. What was that thought he just repressed?
"You have feelings for my sister," Ellis said, without any question. Granger felt his stomach turn.
"What?" Granger's neck almost snapped when he turned to look at the twin.
"Does she know?" Ellis narrowed his eyes as his suspicions rose, as did an acid-like hate.
How did he know? "What makes you say that?" Granger cleared his mind to try to find a way out of this impending mess.
"You are far too in tune to my sister. You sound like her, almost. You ask questions that surround her. More than idle curiosity."
"I've just spent days with her on my yacht. I helped her when she was in pain. I guess I would have some form of feelings for her in order to help her figure out her condition."
From the look on his face, Granger could tell that Ellis was reasoning through it.
"She showed you her eyes." Ellis's voice became a growl. "What is going on with you two?" he said, folding his arms over his chest, trying to hold back his rage.
Granger had to think. He had to get Ellis to focus on the task at hand.
"I've been trying to help Ollie. When I found out she was Moon, she took it upon herself to show me her eyes." Granger had to omit some of the details, but it wasn't far from the truth. "Now, focus." Granger warned.
Even though Ellis was still suspicious, he respected Granger for not going down a road that the twin feared. 
"Will you tell me about Moon?"
"Moon …" Ellis thought for a moment. "I don't fear Moon, if that's what you were implying." No, but he feared Ollie. That was why he was hesitant.
"Then can I ask you something?"
"Fine."
"What happened three thousand years ago that made Moon fail in their duties?" Granger asked.
Ellis glanced over at Granger. He shook his head. "You ask something I should not know."
"But you do?"
"Because of our mother and Ollie. Not even Geo knows what I know. So give me a reason why I should tell you." Ellis had so much knowledge in his eyes that Granger could almost pluck it from there.
Granger pulled the amulet from around his neck. "The Oracle gave me this," he said.
Ellis glanced down at it and frowned. "Mama gave you that? Did she say why?" 
"She said it is a focus. Arjun told me it was the Oree. Do you know what it is?"
"I've … seen it once, and I hoped to never see it again." He moved uncomfortably in his chair as his mind began suppressing information in such a way that Granger couldn't get to it. It wasn't like Ollie's wall of darkness; it was something entirely different. But Ellis looked very uncomfortable in his seat, almost as if he was going to be sick. "You are in possession of a very important artifact. And if it was given to you, then it would be wise not to flash it around. It could draw a lot of unnecessary attention from those who might know of its existence."
"You're not going to tell me, are you?" Granger frowned.
"You were already told."
"Ellis."
Ellis exhaled a rush of breath, running his hands over his face. "In the old language, its full name was Oree Caubra. I don't know what more I can say. The only person I know who could answer your question is …"
"Ollie." 
But Ellis knew of another. Who?
"I'm guessing you already asked and she gave you nothing. Not surprising. She was probably trying to protect you. Best you let her. She knows more about that doctrine than I wish she did. Please, let it go." Ellis pushed Granger's hand away from him, giving him the impression that he should put the amulet back on. So he did. 
He had a million questions about the amulet, but it was best to save those questions for someone who could answer them--and would. "Then can you tell me about why they failed to protect Dietti? Why were they accused of killing her?"
"First off, you must understand. Moon did not fail to protect Dietti." He looked at Granger with pain in his eyes. "Moon has never failed its duties."
"What are you telling me?" Granger thought of the implications.
"If Dietti was killed, and Moon didn't fail, then-" Ellis looked at him with unwavering honesty. "-Moon killed her." 
Moon killed her? Then the accusations were correct.  "I thought it was Moon's duty to serve the Oracle." Granger frowned.
Ellis chuckled. "Do you know Moon at all? Do you know the Oracle? And for that matter, do you know why Moon never corrected the accusation about killing Dietti?" Ellis sighed.
Granger couldn't believe what he was hearing. But the truth was plain and simple. "Why speak so freely, when others won't?"
"Because unlike others, I have immunity."
"Ollie can't save you from Moon."
"Granger, Ollie is Moon."
"Yes, but …"
"She is Moon," Ellis said again, as if he couldn't believe he was saying it himself. He rubbed his hands over his face. 
"How so? She cannot control Demon's Wrath? No one can." Granger tried to understand what part of Moon she affected.
"No, but she does control Moon."
"Explain this to me, because I'm having a hard time--"
"Tell me what you know." Ellis interrupted.
Granger told him about the information Arjun had provided and what the Temple had told him. He explained the name change and how Moon was never considered a House.
Ellis thought for a moment. "Since you know so much already, what I have to say will be quick and uncomplicated. If this Order was charged with employing the next Oracle, what makes you think they wouldn't also have the power to eliminate that very Oracle if need be? If the Oracle had done something that jeopardized the Structure, then who other than those that serve and appoint the Oracle have the authority to eradicate the Oracle? 
"When the Structure was put into place, there were safeguards put in place as well. Those who do not meet the requirements for enlightenment do not advance. Those who go against their enlightenment can cause themselves harm. The House is allowed to appoint Heads of House and demote them. So why not have safeguards for the Oracle?"
"Moon."
"Yes. But what if eyes were opened to see what that would imply? Moon can appoint, serve, and utterly terminate the Oracle. The strongest, most powerful individual in the Structure."
"That gives Moon a certain level of power over the entire Structure. Power that far exceeds the Oracle's." Granger took in a long breath, processing it all.
"The truth? When Dietti died, being the first and only Oracle to be eliminated outside of natural death, the Grand House recognized what that meant. And they sought that power for themselves."
"So they eliminated the House and had Moon hunted down." It was all making sense. And the arrogance of it made Granger angry. They had accused Moon of a first offense, which was punishable by death.
"What they forgot was that Moon always did work best in the shadows. A few of them sacrificed themselves to conceal the rest."
"And they have been working in the shadows since." Granger nodded.
"Never skipping a step," Ellis did not like that, because that meant his sister was also involved.
"That means that if Moon has never failed its duties …"
Ellis smiled as Granger began to understand.
For thousands of years since the witch-hunt had started, every Oracle had been chosen by Moon without the Structure's knowledge. And they still served the Oracle, still did the Oracle's bidding.
"How does Ollie play a part in Moon?"
"If Moon were a House, there would be three Heads of House sitting as council. One who headed appointing, advising, and training. One who was in charge of carrying out the Oracle's orders and protection. And one who headed the shadows."
"Shadows?" Granger had a bad feeling.
"Spies, shadow agents, assassins."
"Demon's Wrath."
Ellis nodded slowly. Granger channeled the man's thought as he pondered Demon's Wrath. If their mother had ever stepped out of line or done anything against the Structure, Demon's Wrath was the one appointed to kill her. And Ollie had never been allowed to meet the assassin face to face because of that. Ellis was glad they'd never had to meet the assassin.
"And Ollie, let me guess. She's in charge of protection and carrying out orders, because she is closest to the Oracle."
"Yes." Ellis confirmed. "She's more an absent leader, leaving George to carry out most of her obligations."
"Then how can she head them? And she's so young."
"Yet she's more powerful than most."
Granger looked at Ellis, shocked. Ollie didn't think he knew.
"Don't look so bewildered. Just because Ollie didn't tell me, because she worries, does not mean I would not learn."
"But how?"
"Bones told me." Ellis answered.
"You had your brother spy on her?"
"No, he saw her seal one day by accident and asked me about it. He keeps it to himself, though, so I'm not worried."
"Because you threatened him." Granger frowned. What wouldn't Ellis do to protect Ollie?
"I can see how being around you can get tiring," Ellis sneered, not liking the fact that he was being read.
"Do the current Heads of Houses know the history of Moon and why Moon was hunted?"
"I don't know. But they have not lifted the orders to terminate Moon, so I believe they may."
"Why doesn't Moon defend itself?" Granger didn't understand that either. If it was their job to assassinate the Oracle when necessary, then why not defend their actions?
"Good question, but all Ollie will say is that it's not their job."
Granger thought about it for a while. There was more. It wasn't that simple to fade into the background and continue to be persecuted when it was so obvious that they had done nothing wrong. There had to be more.
As he thought about the information he had been given, something caught his attention. One of his spies was feeding him vital information.
"Crenshaw has a lock on Ollie. She knows where Mary Alexander is, and she is going after her. He'll meet her there."
"We've got to get there first." Ellis gripped the armrest hard.
"I will try to stall him as much as I can," Granger said. He began feeding instructions to his Blade puppets.
They had to make it to Ollie before Sebastian did, or Ollie would become no more than a memory. Sebastian would capture her and lock her away in an unknown location or kill her.

()()()



21



Grand Rapids, Michigan

Ollie looked up at the midday sky outside the airport. With her duffle bag draped over her shoulder, she walked up to an empty taxi and got in. After she gave the driver an address, she laid back her head and let the pain seep into every pore of her body. The medication was definitely working, but if she didn't stop popping pills soon, it would be a big problem. She would worry about that after dealing with a Mrs. Mary "Dead Woman" Alexander. 
Mary Alexander would have heavy security and would expect trouble. But Ollie couldn't worry about that. Bones's health was in jeopardy. 
Watching the scenery go by in a blur, barely paying it attention, one of her cell phones rang. She glanced down at her jacket pocket. It was possible that Geo knew she had the phones she had taken from Troy's house and was trying to contact her. But there were other possibilities as well.
Flipping open the cell phone, she put it to her ear but said nothing. 
"Disobeying your master? You're such a bad dog." The other possibility.
"Do you have something important to say?" she sighed.
"You're Moon's number one internal risk. Always have been. That is why I don't like you and have never accepted your position. At this moment, you are putting us at risk, and I don't approve."
"Soooo sorry," she said, and the driver looked back at her in the rearview mirror in wonder. Sticking her tongue out at him to make him look away, Ollie pushed her sunglasses farther up on her nose so that he couldn't see her eyes. She wanted to save her energy as much as possible.
"That's the attitude that's going to get you killed by me." He laughed.
"Come to me, then. I'll be waiting," she purred into the phone.
"Why would I do that, when I could get your brother to do it? Watching him suffer would be so much more fun." Ollie opened her window and threw her phone out of it without hanging up. She let the wind blow on her face as she thought of a million and one ways to kill that asshole, Demon's Wrath, if she ever met him face to face.


()()()


"A virus? What the hell do you mean the data was destroyed by a virus?" Mary shouted into the phone. "I paid you all to keep that data preserved. I want that information, do you hear me? Or I swear I will kill all of you or make you sure wish you were dead."
"Ms. Alexander, please. We're doing all we can. But the mainframe was booby-trapped," the quivering voice said.
"Just fix it!" she shouted before throwing her cell phone across the room. It cracked against the wall.
She stalked around her room, trying to calm down. She could not believe the ineptitude that surrounded her. Damn idiots, all of them. How hard was it to retrieve computer information? It was just a computer.
Shit.
She growled in rage as she looked at her own computer on her desk. She ground her teeth to keep from chucking her own laptop out of the window.
This was Marissa's fault. She just knew it. Everything was fine until that bitch had decided to find Mary an assistant so that she could "pursue other opportunities." Since Mary was too busy to find one herself, she didn't care what the woman did … until her new fucking assistant lost her damn computer data!
Taking a deep breath to calm down and think, she walked to her desk and looked down at her laptop, which played footage of Fire Eye's family. Though she had still accomplished more than the others had in her House, she still did not have the prize. The Oracle. But that would change as soon as that woman called back with the information. As long as she didn't lose her biggest bargaining chip, then everything would work out. Even though the agent's personal computer files would have come in real handy.
So close.
Mary stopped the video and played it again, watching the old woman. She wasn't sure, but she could have sworn that she saw … She had. The old woman had looked directly into the camera and winked. What the hell? 
Frowning at the screen, she saw the young girl crawl into the old woman's lap. Then she remembered that among the captives were two geniuses who could hack any database she so chose, with the right persuasion. The data was not lost.
With renewed hope, she pressed the intercom button on her phone. "Claudia, get my plane ready." She moved toward the bathroom to start packing. Mary paused by her bathroom. Her new assistant hadn't replied. She walked back to the desk and pressed the intercom button again. "Claudia," she demanded.
"Mary, Mary, quite contrary, how would you like your tomb?" Mary jumped as the voice spoke right into her ear. She moved across the room as a denim-clad woman sat down at her desk with dark shades covering her eyes. "With RIP or Beloved for me, because Fire Eye's going to kill me soon." The woman grinned, putting her feet up on the desk.
"Cute," Mary scoffed as she made her way to the door, but before she got there, she ran smack dab into a pair of sunglasses. Mary jumped back. How did she …?
"I think so." The woman grinned wickedly. "Where are they?" The woman pulled out a gun and pointed it right under Mary's chin. Then she held up a piece of peppermint with the other hand and slid it between her lips.
"Who?" Mary tried to stay calm as the cold, merciless steel pressed against her jaw. The smell of peppermint began to fill her nostrils.
"No. Dumb doesn't suit you." 
Mary yelped as she felt hands grabbing at her from behind. Darkness clutched at her, holding her in place. 
"I was outside with your lovely assistant when she was telling you about my mainframe. You didn't sound satisfied with the poor girl, Mary. So I decided to do her a favor and put her out of her misery." Mary gasped as she tried to struggle. She tried to move, but the grip penetrated her skin, pinning her, tearing at her. She tried not to scream.
"Where are they?" the woman asked so calmly that Mary wanted to cry. Couldn't the woman see she was in pain? 
"Illinois." Mary's answer sounded more like a plea as the darkness engulfed the room.
"Very good." There was pure pleasure in the woman's voice. "Continue,"
Mary spilled the exact location as she felt the hands wrap around her throat. The woman stood back and watched. "No!" Mary screamed. The woman became the darkness, smiling. Ink like death filled Mary's mouth and skin. Poisoning her, choking her. Suffocating the life from her.
Just when Mary felt her airways close up, there was a crash of glass breaking.
The darkness disappeared, and Fire Eye, who was sitting at her desk, opened fire. Black operatives swarmed into the room. But as soon as they entered, several of them fell dead. What little hope Mary felt was fleeing.
Some were dying without even a bullet wound. Mary ran for the office door as operatives dropped to their knees, dying in pain; some of them screamed in such agony that Mary shuddered. It was worse than a horror movie. Two operatives turned on each other as she reached the door.
Then a familiar face met her.
"Sebastian!" Mary shouted, relieved.
Everything stopped.
Fire Eye cursed. 
Mary turned to see the woman jump for the window, but Sebastian tackled her to the ground in one fluid motion, knocking off the woman's glasses. What Mary saw froze her. Eyes of evil stared back at her.
"Fire Eye of Moon, you are now in the custody of Blade. Say good-bye to your freedom," he said before knocking her unconscious.
Mary backed up, tripping over a dead body. Falling, she was caught by another Blade operative.
"Ma'am, are you okay?" the man asked. His dark eyes looked concerned.
"What the hell is that?" Mary said hysterically. She could not even believe what she saw. She had never seen anything like it. Those eyes …
"That was Fire Eye. She is Moon. And from the look of things you are lucky to be alive." The man lifted her to her feet. Chills ran all over her body as she looked at her floor littered with death. She did all of this?
Shaking, Mary made her way out into the hall, where there was nothing but the dead bodies of her assistant, receptionist, guards, and agents. Death and blood was everywhere. The look of suffering was etched in many of their faces.
What had she done? What had she gotten into?
She had barely gotten out alive.
Mary stepped over dead on her way out of the building. Several cars pulled up. River agents and operatives.
"We came as soon as we could." They clambered out of the car to her aid. "Mr. Brashire sent us to make sure you were okay." Those words brought Mary back down to earth. The other Heads of River wanted to make sure that their one shot at the Oracle position was safe. "He has arranged for you to have safe transport and guards."
Mary smiled wearily. "Thank you. Take me to the airport." She still had the captives to deal with.


()()()


Ollie awoke, feeling her body ripping from the inside out, especially her head. She picked up some voices but was too groggy to make out what was being said. She slowly opened her eyes, but her face was covered in something. And whatever they had covered her head with no light was getting through. Hmmm.
She didn't move and kept her breathing even so they wouldn't know she was awake. Picking up on every little detail she could, she felt a swaying motion. They had her in a vehicle and were moving. And from the strong whirling sounds, it sounded like a helicopter. She could only hope. 
She immediately gathered up her energy. Reaching out her mind, she grabbed onto two minds. Pain crept up her back like knives raking up her skin, but she continued anyway.
She manipulated their minds, and one of them untied her arms. She took off the hood on her head as one of the Blades began to shout in protest. She had the other mind kill him as she focused her eyes and saw that she was in the back of a helicopter.
She grabbed onto the mind of the pilot and made sure he flew to the new destination. Sebastian came from the cockpit with fury in his blues eyes, looking at her as her two new flunkies aimed rifles at him.
"I underestimated you," he said, holding up his hands in surrender.
"Yeah, well, it isn't the first time, now, is it?" She grinned.
"I knew I had seen you once before." He shook his head, looking down at the dead Blade. "Who are you? You're no normal Moon."
"Fire Eye is all you need to know."
"I suspected something was off when we captured you. It was too easy, and you had an opening to kill me."
"I needed transportation."
"Damn, then I was far too predictable." He looked furious, but at himself. Blade was a very arrogant House. That was why it had been so easy to learn Sebastian. "Even if you kill me, there are other Blades ready to take up the fight against you and your little clan."
"Unfortunately." She grabbed a gun that had been strapped to the thigh of one of the gunmen she was controlling.
He nodded his head in resolution. Just like a good warrior, dying with honor. "It doesn't matter. I've already ordered my enforcers to go after your family. For hiding a known Moon, they will be punished." 
Ollie shivered violently as pain shot to her head. She fell to her knees, trying to stay conscious. "No!"
With the sound of shuffling, she immediately had her flunkies shoot him. But it was too late. A blast of air came into the cabin. She focused her eyes, knowing he had jumped out. Damn. So much for honor. The bastard had got away, and she had a loose end. She hated loose ends.


()()()


Granger and Ellis had just arrived in Michigan, hoping to have beat Ollie, but somehow she had gotten there faster. Granger couldn't believe it. And now this.
Horror shot through Ellis as Granger told him the news. Granger had to shut the man out of his mind, as the pain clouded his thinking. Ellis went to the back of the plane and closed the door. His pain came like the cry of a wounded animal. Granger hated being the one to tell him. Ollie was now in Blade custody. Not only was she dying, their family was separated, and Ellis felt powerless.
Granger understood. He still felt the pain of losing his mother. But he had no intention of losing Ollie. And he would definitely help them get the others as well.
"Granger?" His attendant came into his cabin.
"Don't worry, he's just letting off some steam." Granger tried to comfort her, but it was Ellis he wanted to help.
His mind traveled into Ellis as he destroyed the room.
"Sir, we have a visitor."
Granger looked at his watch, and then he looked out the plane's window. The black limousine was pulling up on the tarmac. It was time to get down to business. He put on his suit jacket and straightened himself up. He walked to the door of the plane and headed down the steps. Once he got to the car, he opened the door and got in. He sat quietly, looking at Mary Alexander, who didn't look happy at all. She was still shaking from her encounter with Ollie.
"I heard you had a busy day, Ms. Alexander," he said very professionally.
"Why have you brought me here? I have a meeting with Logan Brashire." She looked at him with apprehension, as she should.
"And you've been a busy woman. Kidnapping. Ransom. Murder. Plots galore. If I didn't know any better, Mary, I would think you were ambitious." Granger laughed at her.
"Very funny." Her face paled. "If you know what kind of day I've had, you'd know I'm not in the mood."
"You brought that on yourself." Granger got serious with her. "Mary, you know that family you kidnapped? They were friends of Mr. Brashire's as well as myself."
Her eyes widened with a very real fear. "I--I didn't know they worked for you. They didn't mention you, a-and I--"
"The thing is, they don't work for me."
"Wha …?"
"My interest in them is more … personal. And the woman you were targeting, who is now in Blade custody, was my primary interest."
Mary's shaking became more visible.
"But don't worry, Mary, I'm going to let you keep your seat in the Grand House. However, I need some guarantee that you will behave." He cleaved straight through her energy defenses as she tried to struggle. She reached for the door to leave, but by the time she had opened it, he had found the last grain of her soul that he needed and consumed it, with much satisfaction.
With her hand on the doorknob, Mary lay on the seat of the car, defeated. And as always, the feeling of regret in her was stronger than anything. She was now his puppet.
Do not look into the eyes. Look within. Take hold of what is yours before it is taken away. Take it to heart. 
Granger laughed as he learned of the prophecy. "And you were even warned." Ollie was the eyes it spoke of, and her soul was what was taken away, by Heart.
What grabbed him, unsettled him, was the images of what she had encountered less than an hour ago. He saw Ollie and the carnage she had caused. Granger compared some of those kills to an image of a seer Mary had found several days before in a motel room. They were the same. Ollie must have killed the River historian. But why? It had to be Moon-related.
Though Mary saw an evil woman with evil intent after the encounter, Granger saw determination. Resolve. Nothing malicious, but calculated.
What the hell…?
He jerked to attention as his cell phone alarm went off.
"Granger, it is Arjun." His mentor's voice came though the minute his ear hit the receiver. "You're not going to like this, but Joc just came out of his room with no memory of the past hours. The last thing he remembers is arguing with you, being attacked by Ollie, and then nothing. He swears he does not remember calling Sebastian. He did not even know he knew the man's number. And he swears he does not recall Moon coming to kill him."
That was when the ten-ton steel wall fell on him. Ollie had set it all up.
She had infected Joc's mind and used him and Granger to get off the yacht. That was why she had wrote the note to save Joc's life. He was innocent. But what about her encounter with Mary? Had she deliberately left Mary alive? Did she deliberately get caught by Blade?
It made sense to keep Mary alive if she knew Blade would capture her. It would be an ace up her sleeve, one that might help to find her family if she wasn't able. Like if she was captured by Blade. Or did she volunteer to be captured by Blade?
He wanted to break something. Kill something. He had never been used in such a way. And he hadn't even seen it coming. She was good. Real good.
And when he found her, he was going to make her ass pay dearly for it.
Granger ended the call and dialed another number, leaving Mary in the car. She had a meeting to go to, and he didn't want her to be late.
"Granger?" Geo answered.
Granger quickly rattled off the location where the family was being held.
"I owe you." Geo sounded relieved.
"No. This was my pleasure. By the way, Mary wasn't the one to sic Blade on Ollie."
"What? Then who was it?"
"That I don't know, but I'm working on it. You need to protect your family. I know how Blade works. They won't be happy with just Ollie. They will try to go after those she knows as well, to root out Moon." Granger remembered it all too well. Her mother was a testament to Blade's tactics against Moon.
"I'm already on it. Bring her home."
That was a given. 
Getting back on the plane, Granger called for the only one who could decipher Ollie's plots. "Ellis."
Ellis didn't stir in the back cabin for a long time before finally surfacing.
"Listen to me. I need an answer only you can give me. If your sister planned all of this--keeping Mary alive, getting caught by Blade--if she deliberately--"
"Hell, Ollie," Ellis groaned. She's a genius, he thought. In less than a day, she manipulated and maneuvered some powerful organizations. He covered his face with his hands. She first got Blade's attention. They knew she would be there. The only reason she would get captured would be to use them to get to our family. And if Mary was left alive… just in case Ollie's plot failed, Mary would be the road map. Ellis collapsed in a chair, head in hands.
"She played them like chess pieces," he said finally.
"She played us all."
Granger was going to hunt Ollie down if he had to take down Blade to do it. She had left behind too many unanswered questions. And an extremely pissed off soul possessor.

()()()



22



East St. Louis, Illinois

The Oracle sat inside the small room that was their temporary holding cell. Moving her mind to the outside walls, she saw a dark sky coming. Blade helicopters were landing around the vicinity; many of the River agents posted at the holding facility had surrendered.
Blade made sure the River agents used noise suppressors to keep the attention off the area. Some of the River agents created illusions to make sure no one was paying attention. She was impressed, but the illusion would not last.
Just as Blade was getting the riverfront compound under control, another helicopter arrived. Though it was Blade on the outside, it was hell on the inside. It was not long before the military helicopter opened fire on the guards outside, killing them all. Her daughter was always over the top.
Guards inside the compound were scrambling for cover as other Blades, now under her control, turned on the surrendered River agents, killing them. Some of the Blades that were resisting Ollie's energy were killed by their own comrades. Did she have to be so crude?
The shaman closed her mind to the carnage as she focused on her family members, who was not aware of the war being waged on their behalf.
"Cold," Bones said faintly.
"Bones?" Miko watched as Bones's eyes closed. Terror gripped the little girl as her best friend and brother slowly began to slip away. "Cee?" She looked up at her sister.
Cee was as terrified as Miko, believing there was nothing more to be done.
"Mama? Please?" Cee pleaded to the old woman. 
"I have told you before, Cee, this world is a balance. All things must balance. Life and death, push and pull, give and take," Mama said calmly, settling her energy deep inside to prevent interfering with what needed to be done … no matter how much it hurt.
Cee closed her eyes, holding Bones close to her. "Forgive me." She spoke into the little boy's ears. "Please forgive me." 
O-no's thoughts played in the Oracle's head. Is she giving up? She can't give up. 
"Cee?" Wolfe got up off his butt and went to her. "There has ta be--"
"I don't know! I don't know!" she cried, hugging her brother. "Mama, what am I supposed to do? I don't know." She wailed in so much agony that the old woman had to drop her head to shut out her cries.
"Miko, dear, open the door." The old woman looked at the young girl, who had tears in her eyes. That was the only thing she could give them. It was more than they needed.
"What're you sayin'?" Wolfe looked at her like she was crazy.
"Mama?" The kids all looked scared.
She said nothing, for the door would open one way or the other.
"Miko, please!" Cee cried, knowing that if anyone could save them, it was Mama. But she had no true understanding.
Doing as she was told, Miko stood up and shot out her arm toward the prison door. Energy flowed violently through her arm and pushed out from her fingertips as she twisted her hand in a jerking motion. The door shook once and then buckled before flying outward. It took two Blade enforcers with it as it crashed into a wall on the opposite side of the hallway. Miko was already a level-two House of Heart telekinetic at age seven, thanks to Ollie. The girl was so gifted.
As soon as the door was unhinged, Ollie peeked around the corner with shock in her eye. "Damn, Miko. You're the shit," she laughed, holding her side as she hobbled into the cell.
"Ollie!" everyone screamed in joy.
"Sumabitch." Wolfe grinned.
Ollie's eyes immediately fell on Bones. Then she looked over at the old woman, as she picked up Ollie's angry thoughts. Why didn't you help? 
"Ollie, he's dying! He's dying in my arms!" Cee screamed hysterically as she held up the fragile body of their brother. "I can't bring him back from this!" 
Life and death, the woman told Ollie, knowing that if anyone could understand, it would be her.
"Hell." Ollie dropped to her knees in front of Cee and Bones. Grabbing hold of Cee's shoulders, she shook the woman. "You can give to heal. Now, take to heal," Ollie told her.
"What?" Cee tried to understand.
"You always give your own energy to heal, and you're good. I've seen what you can do, but it ain't enough. Take mine," Ollie said. Cee looked at her, mortified. As soon as the healer opened her mouth to object, Ollie snapped, "Cee, I swear if you let our brother die, I'll kill you!" Ollie hissed it with such malice that Cee froze. "Do it," Ollie growled.
Cee dropped Bones in Ollie's lap before grabbing the hands that were on her shoulders. Cee began to drain Ollie slowly. "Take it!" Ollie demanded, knowing Bones's time was up.
The Oracle saw energy, so strong and clear that it was like light, quickly pass from one sister to the other. And just like that, Ollie fell over on the floor. As she held up her hands, Cee breathed as if she was holding something precious. The silence in the room was heartbreaking. Trying to avoid looking at her broken sister, Cee closed her eyes, and tears ran down her cheeks. "Please forgive me," she said before placing her hands gently on Bones.
A low-level tremor passed through the fragile body lying on Ollie's lap. No one said anything as the energy was being transferred. The color was slowly coming back into his cheeks. When she finished, she touched Bones's face and smiled as if she knew everything would be okay.
"Wolfe?" Sunny said as Cee's eyes began to close. Then she began to slump. 
"Wolfe," O-no and Sunny both called for him. Wolfe ran over and caught Cee before she fell back.
"This ain't nothin' but … damn it!" Wolfe shouted.
"O-no, pick up Bones. Sunny, grab Miko's hand." The old woman still sat quietly and calmly. "Wolfe, grab your wife and head outside. You will be fine."
They all looked at her, not understanding.
"Wolfe, put my daughter over your shoulder and take Ollie's weapon. You will need to move fast. Go." She closed her eyes as everyone moved to comply.
"What 'bout you and Ollie, Mama? I can't leave y'all. Yer family'll burn me alive," Wolfe said, taking Ollie's gun in one hand while the other held Cee in place over his shoulder.
"You are family, Wolfe. They won't hurt you. And Cee will defend you until death. Take my babies and go." She smiled confidently. They were safe now; Ollie had made certain of that.
"O-no." Wolfe got the boy's attention. He had been looking down at his sister, who was barely breathing.
"We can't …" Miko reached for Ollie, but Sunny picked up the girl.
"Go," the Oracle demanded, pointing to the door, not willing to accept another question.
Wolfe was the first out into the hall. They all crowded behind him in fear. "Hell's bells. Where're we? And where're we goin'?" He looked down both hallways; they were so clinical that they showed no hint of which way was out. 
"Left," Bones whispered, and O-no jumped in surprise.
"Bones said left." O-no seemed almost happy.
"Okay. Now we're cookin'." Wolfe began to walk. It was very clear by the shuffling of his feet that Cee was a burden to him, but he was more than willing to carry her, and he didn't show any signs of discomfort other than his walk. Bethea was glad to have him in the family. "A warnin' to y'all--ya may see blood and guts. Possibly death. But I guarantee nightmares and future ther'py sessions when we get outta this muther."
Bethea's mind followed them as they made their way out safely because of Ollie's temporary Blade zombies. I am proud of you. She sent the message to her daughter, who was conscious and barely alive.


()()()


Ollie heard Mama's words in her head, but she couldn't move or speak. She fought to stay conscious, just to know her family was safe. She had to know.
They are safe now, Ollie. She felt a hand on her face gently easing her discomfort. I know you don't understand, and for that, I apologize. I hate seeing you in pain, but that is your gift. You bring death and pain to those around you. You think your only purpose for living is to protect them. But Ollie, in doing so, you made them weak. They must fight now, without you. They must be strong and grow stronger, without you.
Ollie struggled to remain conscious. She couldn't let them. They shouldn't have to fight. They shouldn't have to struggle like she had all her life. She wanted it to be easy for them.
Life makes us stronger, made you stronger. You can't live that for them.
Now it is time for you to claim death, so you will find peace. And don't worry, we will all meet again. It is set. And as if a weight had been lifted from her, Ollie felt her mother's presence vanish.
Her breathing still labored, Ollie felt some strength return, but only enough to open her eyes. She tried to call for her mother, but her voice was no more than a strained breath. Energy slowly returned, but not nearly enough to fight the deterioration of her seal, which she felt more at that moment than she had before her energy was drained. It was eating away at her too rapidly. 
It wouldn't be long before she died. She only had minutes left. And yet she found energy to move. Or was it just will? Struggling, Ollie turned slowly onto her side and pushed and pulled her way to the door. She at least wanted to die seeing that her family was safe. That was all she wanted.
The absence of her energy was … She rubbed her arms, feeling … 
Ollie looked up at the door but was flipped onto her back, head hitting the floor. A figure all in black pinned her down on the floor, spreading her legs before lying on top of her, locking her there. The black-covered face hovered inches from her own face. Ollie fought against the hold but found that her body was unable to move. The intruder was definitely male and too strong for her, even if she had her energy. He was crushing her.
"Boo," he said, a smile in his voice.
"Who … the hell … are you?" she breathed, hardly making a sound.
"That's my girl." He breathed heavily, enjoying her struggle. Ollie recognized that voice.
"Demon," she growled, wishing her last moments weren't with this bastard.
He laughed. "I've waited for this day for a long time." 
Ollie froze. Something was traveling over her skin. Her mind began to crawl with a nasty fear that was not hers. The demon was infecting her with his power--negative emotions that she hadn't the power or energy to counter. She had no way of defending herself. And he knew it. Perfect timing.
"You're … a sadistic bitch," she spat as her heart began to pound too fast to be normal.


()()()


Demon's Wrath watched as her chest rose and fell with panic. His power was working faster on her than he had anticipated. Her energy was low, and her seal wasn't in sync with her body. It had taken him several days of lying in wait for this moment, and now it was his. Their first face-to-mask encounter.
"Every time you open your mouth, you turn me on." He lowered his head and rubbed his mask-covered face against hers, knowing it would kick up her adrenaline. She stilled as the fear laced her mind like a drug. "Someone so broken, abused, and so deadly. You're intoxicating," he whispered in her ear. She jerked her head, so he followed the motion and stared down in her face.
"Stop this," she said, breathless, fighting against his power. But it wouldn't be long. She was too far gone.
"I would prefer to take you fighting. Strip you here and take you like Granger did. Maybe I should call him and let him hear you moan to your death while I'm taking you. The thought is making me so hard." He pressed his crotch into her pelvis so she could feel. Her eyes grew wide, and she opened her mouth to scream, but only air came out. It was done. He had broken her, and the taste was delicious.
"Come now, Fire Eye, where's your fight?" His smiled died as a tear pierced her lava eye. His gut turned. He had been hoping she would break and surrender, but not this. He rose up from her, letting his hand stroke her body.
Jackknifing off the floor, she struggled to get away from him, but it was useless; she didn't have the strength. This wasn't the way it was supposed to be. But it was too late now. He could feel the fear choking her, and for the first time, he got no satisfaction from it. He went to her and held her, even though she tried to push him away. She quivered like they all did. Even the strongest crumbed before him.
"This was not how it was supposed to be, you know," he sighed. "I actually liked you. You, more than most, showed spine and such honesty. This truth you command is a poison to me. It intoxicated me." He breathed in her scent. "Refreshing and clean, just like you. I like it. I wanted you. I finally found another who can overcome the darkness and fear."
She struggled to get away, weeping. She strained, but he held her close.
"I want you now as well, but only because of the fear, and it would only be sex, nothing satisfying. You could have had me, but now you die." She had made him feel for the first time he could remember. But it did not matter. The truth was that this world did not deserve her and her gift. He wanted to punish everyone because of what he had gone through. And now he wanted to punish everyone for her and her pain--the pain and memories that undoubtedly had caused her to succumb wholly to the fear. He needed her to himself. "The Oracle is already dying, so she is no threat, but I will have to kill the others, you know."
Her breath quickened. "Please …"
The begging. No, please, no begging. Not from you. She stopped struggling and wheezed.
"All eighteen of them, starting with the eldest and ending with your twin. I will make sure he suffers the most. And Granger will suffer alongside him. He never should have touched you." Because you are mine. "I suppose I will have to kill the remnant as well," he sighed, "I cannot let you have any more fear. I will take it all away from you. Then you will be perfect."
"No." She strained her throat saying the word as she held her chest, trying to breathe. She dug her nails into her shirt as if pain was in her chest. The fear was affecting her heart. It wouldn't be long now.
"You won't survive this." He smiled, pressing his covered lips into the clammy skin of her cheek. "I admire your strength." If only he had it. He laid her aside, and she struggled for air, and pain streaked across her face. He stood and walked from the room, looking back at her. He smiled as he saw her jerk one last time in pain. When he saw her lying motionless, he was satisfied that she would no longer suffer in this life. He loved the look of death; it was so quiet and peaceful. The Oracle was right: it was a gift. His most treasured gift.
It's done, he thought before going out into the hallway.
"Who are you, and why are you here?"
He turned to face the woman who matched the starchy female voice.
"Marissa Ivanski. A pleasure." He bowed. "Sorry I can't stay, but maybe we'll talk another day, Madam Pillar." He laughed.
"You know me, Moon," she hissed as her energy lashed out at him. He shielded himself with his own.
"Tsk, such a naughty Pillar." He stepped back, knowing he wouldn't be able to shield from her much longer. Her strength was twice his own.
"Where is she?" the woman snapped.
"Who, the Oracle? Not my duty. I'm the nasty assassin." He smiled, backing up.
She narrowed her eyes. She would try to strike again. He compressed his own energy and transferred it to his legs before dashing away.
Where? She projected her thoughts. I will have her.
Have her? She was mine to have. But she's dead now. See for yourself. He smiled to himself. As for the Oracle, you will receive all the answers in time, like everyone else, but you should be more worried about Augustus Granger. That should keep her busy for awhile.


()()()


Marissa looked down at the lifeless body. One of the threats to their plans was dead; the other was hiding. Where are you, Bethea? She narrowed her eyes, trying to see the old woman, but the Oracle had placed a limit on her powers and those of every Pillar. They could still command a great amount of energy; however, there were now more limits. She might have been dying, but that woman was still far too powerful.
Her phone rang right on time. She flipped it open and began to talk. "The woman is dead. She can't bring back the void. But Bethea got away," she explained.
"No matter. She'll be dead soon. But we need to destroy Granger as well as Devil's Trill. If Granger meets him, we won't be able to do anything. I fear that there could be more problems. Daiki had a confrontation with Jamali. Daiki's dead."
"He's..." She wanted to kill that bastard Jamali.
"Loc and Ishtar have disappeared. I think they are on the move. Why, I don't know, but be careful." Jamali, Loc, and Ishtar were the only Pillars that opposed them. But only Jamali and Loc posed a threat. Yet three against seven … six … might prove to be in their favor. "Now that the vanguard is dead, you should have no problem taking River."
"You just get rid of Granger. The Structure will never be at its former glory if he is allowed to live." 
There was mocking laughter on the phone. "Obviously," he said before hanging up. 
Marissa checked the woman's pulse. Her body was losing its warmth and her energy was nil. She was definitely dead. If others weren't on their way, she would have buried the body herself. Turning to leave, she had a flash of a vision: a black, eerie darkness filled her mind. It wasn't the void, but something else, something darker and far more sinister. She left quickly knowing the destruction of the Structure had not yet been completely avoided.

()()()


Atlanta, Georgia

The next morning, Sebastian called and confirmed that it was done. Fire Eye was dead.
One threat eliminated. One to go.
Granger.
Arthur looked over at Elliot, who was standing silently at the door. He was unusually quiet. He seemed a bit disappointed. But maybe it was his imagination.
"Is everything okay, Elliot?"
"Yes, sir," he answered, brightening instantly. "Just thinking."
"About?"
"Your next move. We'll have to be careful. Granger won't be an easy target."
"Agreed. We will have to plan this one with extreme accuracy."
"I put our guest in the suite, as you requested. She is being very cooperative." Elliot frowned. He was apprehensive about having the woman in Flame custody.
"She's old and dying. She probably doesn't have the strength or power to put up any struggle. Besides, we are not going to treat her like a captive. She is our guest. No harm should come to her here. Maybe she knows that."
"Maybe."
"If she needs anything, short of a phone, I'll make sure Ernie gets it for her."
Elliot nodded. "If she is who you say she is, she won't need a phone." There was knowledge in his eyes. Something in the other man's gaze seemed to confirm Arthur's suspicions.
"What do you think?" Arthur wanted any information he could get.
"The way she looked at me when she was brought in …" He shook his head, as if to block it out. "I guess I'm just worried. I should go and let you get ready for your meeting with the House Heads."
Arthur smiled. Yes, it was time to discuss his future. "Oh, Elliot. I want to thank you again."
"No need, Arthur. Call me once the meeting is over, and let me know how things work out." Elliot looked very confident. If he was not at all concerned, then the position was as good as his. 
He sat in his office for a few moments, glowing in his little victory. But it was not over. It was just beginning. But what drew his mind was the woman. He had to see her face to face.
Getting up from his desk, he went to his private elevator. He took it up to the penthouse section of his building. Stepping off the elevator, he went to one of the condos that had previously been vacant. Opening the door, he walked in to see the hustle and bustle of his staff preparing the condominium for his new guest. He walked over to the large windows at the far end, where an old woman sat in a folding chair, looking out over the Atlanta skyline. Without any physical help, another folding chair slid up beside him across the floor, passing him and stopping right beside her.
Arthur smiled when the woman, without even turning around, waved for him to join her.
"How are you this fine day, Mr. Clifton?" She smiled a warm smile at him as he sat in the chair. 
"Fine, and how are you?" He was taken aback by her greeting. He had not expected such acceptance.
"Well, I am getting better, now that I have a better living arrangement. My own attendant. A view to die for. My daughter would be so jealous right now," she chuckled.
"If there is anything you need …"
"A pack of cigarettes and some matches." The old woman closed her eyes. "And I would like some extra blankets. My old bones get a little cold."
That was all? She didn't want a phone?
"Why would I ask for something I know you wouldn't give me?" she said softly, "That would be counterproductive, now, wouldn't it? Plus Elliot is right. If I am who you think I am, I wouldn't need a phone, would I?" She smiled before yawning.
Arthur was impressed. Thoroughly.
"And are you the Oracle?" Arthur felt the answer without even hearing the words. 
"I am Bethea. Birth mother of two. Mama to eighteen. Humble guide to over eight million. Does that help you, baby?"
Arthur was in awe. He was truly sitting beside …
"I'm sorry, but it's been a long day, and I would really like a nap. And you have a meeting to go to." Her eyes twinkled with knowledge, "I have much to tell you, but we can talk afterward. How would you like that?"

()()()



23



Sanctuary, Rocky Mountains, US-Canada Border

Ellis stood with his seventeen siblings and their extended families as they all gathered around the small plot that was his sister's grave. Holding Miko's hand, he felt like any minute, someone would break the cruel tension with some truth that involved Ollie being alive. She had been through so damn much. She had suffered all her life, and now she was …
She's not suffering anymore, Ellis. Granger had told him that when Ellis found out the news. It was Geo who had found the body. He had never seen his big brother cry, ever. But it took Geo ten minutes to pull himself together enough to say the dreaded words.
Though Granger was right, it still hurt like hell. Hell didn't even house the pain that was coursing through his body. He wanted Ollie back. He wanted his twin, the other half of him, back so bad that if he could give his own life, he would. He would sell his soul.
Tears ran down his tired face, but he didn't even try to wipe them away. Looking across the gravesite, he saw several men and women in traditional black walking up late to the memorial. The tallest one, almost his height, was his cousin George. This was his birth mother's family, and many of them were taking a chance by coming here. At least seven of them were Moon. Some of the others, which he knew but did not know their House, were probably Moon as well.
Ellis frowned. Mama should be here. Why hadn't Moon found her yet? They walked up, and George stood beside Granger, quietly looking over at Ellis with pain in his eyes. Neither had spoken since the day Ollie went on a killing spree. But then Ellis hadn't spoken to anyone since finding out Ollie was dead, except Granger and Geo.


()()()


"How can you be so calm? You had feelings for her, didn't you?" Ellis had yelled at Granger, wanting him to hurt as much as he did. Ellis was every bit sorrow and rage.
Granger had stood up from the airplane seat. As he left the cabin, going outside the jet, he had beckoned Ellis to follow. Once out in the open air, Granger had looked up at the sky, pointing to a large cloud overhead.
"You're a smart man, Ellis. A genius. But still you are limited. That's one of the many differences between you and me. I may not hold the same knowledge as you, but…" His words had trailed off. "Yes, I fell in love with your crazy sister. But no matter how much I felt for her, it won't bring her back. She understood better than anyone the need for death. Just like the rain must fall and go back to the sky to repeat again, energy must do the same. It must cycle. It hurts to watch someone die, but it's natural. Even Pillars die, ultimately. You and I … it is all unavoidable.
"Look at the sky, Ellis," Granger had told him, when Ellis had looked down at the ground. "Look at it and think of her as the sister you knew and then think of the greatness she may one day become beyond this life. Be grateful that you were allowed to know her, hug her, and laugh with her. Be grateful she loved you like no one else could. And be happy that she is no longer suffering. That should make you happiest of all." Smiling, Granger had looked at Ellis. "She's not suffering anymore, Ellis."


()()()


Ellis looked over at his little brother Bones, who had been affected so much by what had happened. Though Bones never mentioned what happened, he had been acting so differently. For the last two days, since Ollie's death, Bones had been eating every hour on the hour, never needing to be told. Ric said he believed that Bones didn't want to waste the energy that Ollie had given him to keep him alive. But food wasn't the only thing Bones was consuming. He read and studied far more than he used to. It was getting harder and harder to pry him from his "research," as he called it. The little guy barely played with Miko anymore. So instead she studied with him. 
What really astonished him was the rate at which Bones studied. He could read a book in an hour and repeat, word for word, what it said. His mother was beginning to worry, so she had asked Ellis and Ric to investigate. They spoke to Bones to see if he felt guilty about what happened to Ollie, but the answer they got was beyond anything they had expected.
Why should I feel guilty? Ollie made her choice, as she always has. We all know she would have done it whether I wanted her to or not. He had smiled at them with a brilliant, cheeky grin. I love Ollie, because she opened my eyes. There is so much in this world I want to see and learn before I die.
I feel no pain. But I know you all do. Which is good, because the depth of your pain reflects the depth of the love you had for her. Love and pain are connected. Where one ends, the other begins.
As the holy man presided over the memorial, Ellis looked up at the sky. Ollie, I miss you. The tears never stopped as he smiled seeing her beautiful, carefree face and wild, curly hair. He felt someone grab his other free hand. Looking down at Bones looking up at him with so much respect and knowledge, it was like looking at another person. Though he didn't have Ollie's eyes or her wild ways, Ellis felt as if Ollie was right next to him. It had to be the energy Bones had been given. But it had been two days since that transfer happened. Would the young boy still have Ollie's energy within him?
After the memorial, as they lowered the casket into the ground, the siblings and their family headed for the cars. But Ellis stayed. He didn't want to leave her just yet. I can't breathe, brutha. Ollie was right: he was pathetic. His life, his purpose, had centered on protecting her, and he had failed. He had failed her twice, and yet she never saw it that way. Maybe she was right; maybe, just maybe, there was more for him out there, but he couldn't see it. His guilt over allowing her to be taken and destroyed was …
It meant nothing now. There was no way to make amends. All he could hope was that she had found peace, because he never would. 
"Cousin, yer've to let go," George said, coming to stand beside him. Ellis glanced over at the man before looking back down at the casket. "I know you 'urt, but you must move forward. She'd kick yer bloody ass if you didn'."
Ellis laughed, knowing she would.
"If you wanna make 'er 'appy, do what she would've wanted you to do, for once." George nudged Ellis.
His cousin was right. Ollie wouldn't want him moping over her. She was always encouraging him to get on with his life.
"So what do you think I should do?" Ellis asked, looking at him.
"Well, 'ere is somethin' we need you to do that only you can." George sighed, looking at Ellis with stern, green eyes. His angelic face seemed to harden. Moon business. 
"I'm on vacation." Ellis balled up his fists, gripping them so hard that his stubby nails began to bite into his skin. Was George really going to talk business at his sister's funeral?
"I know 'is isn' the time." George's voice quieted. "But 'ere is somethin that Ollie dinna finish."
"Damn you, George." Ellis turned to leave, but George cut in front of him.
"Listen, an' listen carefully," George said low and threateningly. "I'm no' about to tell you what yer've to do. In fact, yer've more say in yer duties 'an I do. Though I 'ave taken over Ollie's position, there's one thin' she 'ad that I don'. An' the only other person 'at can get it is …"
Ellis laughed bitterly. Ellis and Ollie were the only ones who could find the old geezer. Devil's Trill kept his location a secret from almost everyone except the twins. Now Ellis was the only one who could find him.
"You know I won't give you that information." Ellis looked at him.
"I know. 'at's why I need you to deliver to 'im." George sighed, sounding defeated.
"What?"
"No what. Who." He looked up at Granger, who was getting into his limo. 
So Granger was the next Oracle. Ellis looked at George, who nodded, confirming it.
"Fine, but I need a few days."
"Take all the time you need. It isn' yer job to protect 'im. 'at belongs to us." George looked back over his shoulder. "'Ow's the lil one?" he asked curiously. Ellis followed his eyes to where Bones was getting into the car with his mother.
Why didn't George go talk to the kid himself? The two were no strangers. "It is a difficult time for us," Ellis answered, feeling uneasy about George's interest in Bones.
George looked at Ellis with a smooth and deadly gaze. Ellis stepped back, fearing his cousin's sudden change. "As it is for us," George reminded him. "She was ours as well." He was offended. That was good, because at least his attention was off Bones.
"Yes, I know." Ellis turned back to Ollie's grave.
"Yer family is now under Moon protection, Ellis. Yer'll not 'ave to worry about yer safety any longer," George said. "Call if you should need anythin', and …" George sounded so sad. "Please keep in touch."
Ellis nodded, trying not to think about how much he wanted Moon out of his life. But George was family, and Ollie would be real pissed if he never called to talk to his mother's family.

()()()


Atlanta, Georgia

The old shaman touched the glass of the penthouse window. Letting the smoke escape her lips, she opened her eyes and let the tears drip freely down her cheeks. It hurt to know her children were in pain, but it had to be. As much as she wanted to shelter them, shield them, she could not if she was to ensure the future of her people. She took in a deep breath and exhaled. This was always the hardest part.
Shuffling to the middle of her room, the old woman pushed out of her mind her current living conditions and let the world pour into her like fresh lemonade. She drank in the sights of San Francisco and Niagara Falls. She saw an old friend of hers traveling the Sahara just as one of her many hands touched down in China. Turning to the Atlantic Ocean, she saw a lonely yacht as a sorrow-filled man came home to his empty bed. He would recover in time, but until then … Caesar, my darling Caesar.
What had been clear before was becoming cloudy. Granger was on a journey that no one could stop him from. He was getting just a teaser of what the future would hold for him, but there was no one else who could handle it so elegantly. He was more than anyone could hope for. And he had a fight that only he was capable of fighting. But his best could not be without this fight. The old woman laughed as she started to truly see what her daughter had seen in him.
Tears trickled down her face as she remembered the feel of her daughter against her hand. There were no words that could describe watching a child die. But watching Ollie struggle as she had had torn a hole in her heart that nothing could fix. No strength in the world could help cure the pain. Nothing but the future could make this wound worth the suffering. Sleep well, my child. 
Her mind found Troy, who was doing better. He was no longer in the hospital, but he was now suffering with the rest of his family. The shaman's ears listened to her family's crying. She wanted to be there to comfort them and help heal their pain, but not now. 
One did not suffer. Bones, why can't I see you? She pondered what that meant and then smiled. I don't need to see you anymore, do I, son?
She felt pain in the distance--crying, screaming, pleading. Her people. Her tears flowed now with such agony that she wanted to comfort them all. The line was being drawn slowly. The players were being put into place. The Structure was churning, and the world would soon churn with it.
She reached her hand out to the only one left who could truly hear her. She called to the shadows.
You are in so much pain. Why? The shadow slowly emerged. Of course it didn't know. She still had its power chained.
Just hold me, she thought, needing strength. As the shadow embraced her, she cried, hoping that the sacrifices had been worth it.
I will have my sight returned, the shadow whispered against her skin, and she smiled.

()()()


Grand Council Chambers, Temple of Octarchy

In the week that followed his capture of the Oracle, Arthur had not only obtained a vast amount of guidance from the old woman, but he had secured the third seat on Flame's Head of House. He was now one of the three most important figures in Flame. It was exhilarating.
In its entire splendor, rising ten stories, the Temple of Octarchy was a magnificent feat of architecture. And Arthur was one of the few privileged to see it. It was designed to let the wind pass through and around it, so that even hurricane-force winds would not destroy the structure. The temple was a work of art, with carvings in the sandstone that looked like scholars studying and warriors fighting. Though the walls, floors, and ceiling kept true to the ancient temple, the furnishings were definitely modern.
Arthur sat nervously in the main chamber as he wondered what the day would bring. It was his first official day as Head of Flame, and he was a wreck. On one hand, Marissa Ivanski, a mere assistant to Mary Alexander, had smiled at him the moment she had laid eyes on Arthur, giving him the creeps. On the other hand, the Oracle was supposed to have a voice here, but Arthur had her, so how would it work? Would they announce her disappearance?
The only people allowed into the actual chambers were the Heads of Houses and the Mouth, the Oracle's ambassador--no assistants or attendants or any other representative. If a Head of House could not show up, no one was allowed in his place. But everyone was here and accounted for. Including a very angry-looking Mary Alexander. 
"Take your seat," the Mouth began. He went over the rules of the proceedings in several languages, as was customary before each session. He welcomed Arthur to the ranks. 
Arthur had kind of expected the man to wear some ceremonial frock, but instead he had on a normal gray business suit. And he even wore glasses.
The man went on to say that the Oracle normally did not show her face at the proceedings unless she felt it necessary. The Oracle rarely intervened in any actions taken by the council, as it was the Oracle's wish to allow the voices of many be heard over the voice of one.
According to the rules, the floor was given to the Houses in the order they requested to be heard. No other House was to interrupt the dominant position. All questions and comments could only be heard after the dominating House was finished speaking. Flame advisors had told Arthur that it was not often that these rules were broken, because the Mouth had the power and authority to kick anyone out of chambers who was out of order. If they were going to act like children, they would be treated like children, as Bethea had warned him.
Sun was the first to take the floor. It was said that they always took the floor first because the Oracle was Sun. They began the proceedings with a lot of facts and figures about the Structure's growth, deaths, births, new companies, and overall financial standing. According to the figures, the Structure currently made up one-thousandth of the world's population. The House expressed a concern about the Structure being able to keep a silent profile. It was feared that since the Structure was so large and with the current technologies, it would not be long before the Structure was exposed. There were approximately six billion people in the world, so if Sun's calculations were accurate (and they usually were), the Structure was made up of a little over eight million people. River was still the biggest House, with Flame closely behind them. The smallest House was still Breath, as it had always been. With Flame and Breath combined, they were a strong contender to River. However, Sun was still the House with much of the power, due to the Oracle's status. That would change soon.
If what Sun was saying was correct, Sun, Heart, and Stone all had the highest financial standing in the Structure. Sun and Heart ran neck and neck, because most of the major companies that were owned by each House member, tithed money back to their own Houses, creating a cycle of cash output and input using investments. In essence, the three Houses were like three big conglomerates.
Arthur found it odd that Flame had not picked up this idea by now and worked toward unifying House businesses to fortify Flame. He began to take notes on his laptop as Sun sat down and Stone took the floor. 
Stone spoke on matters of new technology and inventions that had been created. Most were still in development. But they expressed a great concern about artificial intelligence research going on in River. They warned against it, with extreme emphasis on what had happened the last time a company had researched the technology. Something about factory explosions and human lives lost. Arthur had not known that artificial intelligence was being tested, let alone developed, but if what Stone was saying was accurate, the technology was anything but safe.
They even went on to insult River by commenting that the House of spirituality should focus more on spirituality and stay away from matters that they know little about. Arthur noticed a few members chuckle as Stone took their seats. As Arthur finished taking notes, he noticed the room was quiet. He looked up from his computer screen.
"Arthur?" Caitlyn, one of the three Flame Grand House members, spoke low to get his attention.
"Mr. Clifton, you requested the floor?" The Mouth smiled at him, amused. Arthur quickly scrambled to his feet. 
Setting his laptop to the side, he grabbed hold of his nerves and began, "Good ev--afternoon. I am new here and have little experience as a member. Please bear with me." He swallowed hard as he looked over the waiting faces. "I asked for the floor because I have a great concern for the Structure and feel like the recent activity of Moon could potentially be harmful." He noticed that some of the members had grown very uncomfortable. Bethea had warned him that the topic of Moon was a sensitive subject. The history of Moon and the Grand House was dark, but she had never elaborated. "I don't know most of your positions on the matter, but several of our best seers and historians have been slaughtered because of them, though I am sure we all know there has been no real proof." He noticed that they were beginning to warm up to him. "I do not know if anyone has had an encounter with them, but I have. And I can tell you that they are very deadly and extremely capable of destroying the Structure before we are able to act, if we are not careful."
The members sat back in their chair comfortably, providing their full attention. 
"I have been doing some research, and I have found that even with Blade's studious pursuit of the malevolent cult, they continue to survive and undermine what each House has worked hard to accomplish--unity. The Structure was formed around the idea of unity, but we are far from unified. Fighting among each other, we seem to have lost sight of who the real enemy is. I do not know all the history of Moon and the Structure, but I know that if Moon were with the Structure instead of against it, they would not be killing our historians and seers, threatening our lives, and getting involved in the proceedings for choosing the next Oracle. Moon is a threat." His words were getting through, and several Great House members began to agree, but he noticed that House of Heart and House of Sun did not look too happy with the idea.
"I have little suggestions on how to deal with the former House, but I believe if we all worked together with Blade, we could eliminate the threat quicker. I do have one hint that might lead us in the right direction. Cassandra Granger, one of Heart's most influential figures, was once believed to have ties to Moon before her death. Upon her death, it was concluded that a random act of violence took her life, but there is new evidence that suggests otherwise." He looked over at the three Heads of Blade, who seemed to encourage him to continue. "That random act of violence was not so random. In truth, Cassandra Granger was arrested by Blade." Everyone in the room gasped in disbelief; some even began to mumble. "Blade found evidence that she worked with Moon. Conclusive evidence provided by her own husband. Evidence that proved her grandfather was Moon." The mumbling grew louder, but the Mouth cleared his throat, calming the noise. "Before any confession was taken from Cassandra, she was killed by Moon."
Someone cursed; some of the members looked sick.
"Blade had kept all records of the incident sealed to protect the Granger name. However, it is believed that by doing so, they allowed a wound to fester. I do not know if any of us have heard the rumors that Augustus Granger, her own son, is now in league with Moon. I know I have ties to Granger, and many of you do as well. He is a very powerful presence, but where is the source of his power? I suggest that if Blade is willing, as well as the rest of the Grand House, we do a full-on investigation of Augustus Granger." Arthur stood as everyone began to talk among themselves.
"Are you making a motion, Mr. Clifton?" the Mouth said, looking at him with interest.
"Actually, I am making two motions. The first is for the Structure to band together to support Blade's takedown of Moon."
"Do I hear a second?" the Mouth asked, and one of the Heads of Breath, Aran from Thailand, immediately seconded the motion, nodding in approval. As soon as the motion began, it was properly carried and accepted with a majority vote of five out of seven. Sun and Heart did not approve, but because they were not the majority, they had to cooperate with the ruling.
"The second motion is to investigate Augustus Granger," Arthur put forward. Many of the people in the room looked apprehensive about going against the soul possessor. Arthur had a very bad feeling that this motion would not carry like the last.
"May I?" Aran said, requesting the floor.
"Please." Arthur sat down.
"I know several of you who are in Augustus Granger's pocket." Arthur was surprised by the candor of his statement and how clear his English was. "I myself have called upon his services a time or two. The man is good. But does it not bother any of you that someone as powerful as he is, and as connected, is not going for the position of Oracle?" Some of them nodded in response. "Well, I'm not surprised one bit." The man laughed. "He already has the Structure. He owns it. He owns us. You think he got this far because of his father's money and his mother's influence? Wake up," Aran's Thai accent thundered through the room. "The rumors are nothing but rumors until we uncover the truth. It is very, very likely that Moon owns Augustus Granger--and if they own him, then they own us as well. Are you willing to just sit back and let Moon take over our lives?" Aran had grabbed more support, even though some of the members were still undecided. From the look of it, if they did an individual vote, the motion would carry and be adopted.
"It seems the council is divided." The Mouth stood. "Then I will make the motion as well as seconding it. This means that every individual is allowed to vote independently. All in favor of a full investigation and interrogation of Augustus Granger, may I see a show of hands?" Of the twenty-one members, only eight did not raise their hands. What was most shocking was that one of the Heads of Heart raised his hand. The investigation was going through.
Arthur was quietly surprised that he had gotten such support. This meant that if Granger was found guilty of being involved with Moon, he could be charged with treason. His recent alliance with Blade had revealed that they had a specially trained assassin in place to help carry out Granger's capture and sentence. Though there was more news to report during the meeting, none of it mattered to Arthur, because he had made the impossible happen: he had taken a giant step toward unifying the Structure.
Once the meeting was over, Arthur was congratulated by many of the members. Some of them warned about possible Moon attempts, but Arthur wasn't going to cower, especially after having gotten rid of one. Blade had admitted in the meeting the capture of Fire Eye and said that she was a Level Four but that she had been neutralized as a threat. This gave Arthur even more security, since it was his help that had stopped her cold. It also helped to know that Elliot had hired more security to protect him, though Arthur did not want to appear overly cautious.
He looked over his shoulder to see Marissa coming up behind him. Turning to face the woman, he saw a glint in the River's eyes. "Mr. Clifton, I must say, you have impressed me. I am glad there is more to you than just your meager looks." Arthur could not believe the blatant insult, especially from one who didn't look like much herself. "But I guess there would have to be more to you if you have acquired such a high-ranking position. You keep good records. I look forward to working with you in the future. I suppose your somewhat younger mind can give this older one a few new ideas." She shrugged before moving on. Arthur stood watching the woman march off. Marissa, a mere assistant, had taken Arthur's victory high and slammed it into the ground before he had a chance to truly enjoy it. The moment the woman was out of his sight, his own personal assistant came up to him with a note.
"From Marissa Ivanski, sir. She suggested that you read it in private."
He walked down the temple steps, heading for his guest room. Once inside his lavish room, he opened the note.


Mr. Clifton,

Like most of the Structure, you are ignorant of the truth. I, however, am eager to educate everyone about the true path to unification. In one word, connectivity. It was what made the Structure a powerhouse at the beginning of time, and it is the only way we can be that way again. The Oracle knows the truth, for she exploits it for her own gain. It is the level beyond Pillar, the level none of us can master without her permission. But it is time we claimed that which was once ours. It is time we took back our true power.


Arthur read the note again, trying to understand what it meant. He needed answers. He phoned Elliot. 


()()()


Las Vegas, Nevada

"So they are coming after me?" Granger said. He was standing in his office at the top level of his casino property.
"Yes, sir." The casino manager nodded with a drink in his hand.
He sighed, going to the window looking out over Sin City.
"I don't think you have to worry about those around you. We are loyal." 
Actually, he was more worried about their safety than their loyalty. But he could no more save them than he could Ollie.
He closed his eyes.
Granger put his hand in his pocket and gripped his mother's ring. He'd had no idea that his great-grandfather was Moon. But it made sense now why he had the power of soul possession. It was a dark-energy power and based on negative energy. Yet everyone figured he had received it because he was Heart. Heart did have the potential to harness dark energy powers, but not like this. He remembered how easy it was to possess Mary because of his disdain for her. And when he had released his control of his energy as a display of power to Sebastian, he'd felt how destructive his energy could be. And still he didn't fully unleash it.
Over the last couple of days, his seal had spread more. He had learned more about the nature of himself, and it did not scare him; he embraced it. Ollie had taught him that. 
For most of his life, he had fought to maintain a strict balance of discipline based on self-control. It had taught him so much. But one woman had taught him more, in less than a week, than he had learned in his forty years of life. The loss of control, the darker energy, was as important as all other energy. It all had to flow. Positive and negative, like all things, had to balance, or energy--life, all things--became unstable. He felt the balance in him smoothing like silk. Positive energy flowed through him as surely as negative energy. Accepting their existence was just the beginning.
"So what would you like us to do, Granger?"
Granger turned to look at the man. He placed his drink on a coaster on his desk.
"Business as usual," he told the man, who nodded. Granger had nothing to hide. And he sure as hell wouldn't hide from Blade. Or Arthur Clifton.

()()()



24



Sanctuary, Rocky Mountains, US-Canada Border

Two weeks had gone by since Ollie had died, and Ellis was getting restless in the large house owned by the shaman. It was over one hundred years old, even though it didn't look it. The old woman's Stone ancestors had built the house out of and into the side of a mountain. It was built at such an angle that anyone coming up the mountain would never notice it for the trees; and overhead, no one would notice it because it blended with the mountain. But the three-story monstrosity had another secret. Like other ancient Structure constructs, this mansion and the mountain it was carved from were shrouded in energy that concealed it. It was energy manipulation from the Old Ways. The shaman's ancestors had used environmental energy, which had lasted far longer than internal energy. Such building techniques were lost now. They built better constructions in the past than they did now.
With his hands in his pockets, Ellis walked past the large windows on the third story looking out over the mountains. It was a beautiful view, but it was missing his loudmouth sister. In the front yard, Bones and Miko were playing chess. Bones had been playing Miko all day, neither giving up, but Bone was clearly going to win this game. What dumbfounded everyone was how Bones had even won against Geo the day before. No one won against Geo so easily, but Bones had. Geo was surprised, because one of the tactics Bones had used was something Ollie would have done. He recklessly and obviously pursued Geo's king. Bones's maneuvers were so cutthroat and so unpredictable that Geo, the internationally ranked chess player, was thrown off balance. Geo and Ellis had looked at each other in shock after Bones's victory. And though Bones had not given Ollie's patented "Kiss ass, bitch!" he gave a wicked grin that sent chills up Ellis's spine. What had that transfer of energy done to Bones? Though he seemed like the same little brother, there were things about him that seemed a little colder and a lot wiser. A little like Ollie.
Once Bones took the final move to checkmate, he put his hands in his lap and looked up. He stared directly into the third-story window at Ellis. Ellis smiled down at him. Miko turned around and grinned as well. The two then ran off down the mountains to play. Ellis didn't worry about them going too far, because their brother Wild Card was outside somewhere and wouldn't let them get into trouble.
Ellis turned from the window, only to catch a glimpse of something from the corner of his eye. He looked back out to see a shadow racing down the mountain after them. If he hadn't known Moon was in the area, he would have been alarmed. But this bothered Ellis. Every time he caught sight of Moon, though they were always like shadows and barely noticeable, they seemed to follow Bones more closely than anyone. The only time Ellis caught Moon in his vision was when Bones moved from place to place.
This shouldn't bother Ellis, but after what had happened to Bones … What was going on?
Staring out the window, he remembered how George had asked about Bones. Though it was just a simple question, it made Ellis wonder if George had some idea about what was happening to his little brother.
Should he talk to his cousin, even though Ellis felt unsettled about the idea? Or maybe he should talk to Granger, who seemed to have an understanding about situations like this. Ellis thought it over as the evening drew near. He sat in the large kitchen with Wolfe as Troy, Cee, and two of his sisters prepared dinner.
"Here," Cee said, sliding a book in front of him. "This one I know you haven't read." She smiled warmly at him. But there was pain in her eyes. She blamed herself for what had happened to Ollie, even though his twin had openly threatened Cee. She was just too warmhearted to realize that it had been Ollie's decision to die.
"Thank you," Ellis said, taking it.
"I'm su'prised you could pry it from the livin' sponge." Sitting across from Ellis, Wolfe grinned, looking down at his drink. "That boy's worse than you. He knows every damn thing, and he sees twice as much. Creepy as hell."
Wolfe was right. "Cee, would an energy transfer like that normally change a person to such a degree that they … take on different …" Ellis didn't even know where to begin.
"It was my first time, Ellis. But I've been trying to figure it out myself." She was also concerned about what could be happening to Bones. "He reached Level Two yesterday."
"You're screwin' me!" Wolfe shot up from the table, and Ellis leaned forward, bracing the table as if the wind had been knocked out of him. "That ain't possible, unless …"
They all looked at each other in shock. The only way to reach enlightenment so fast was Ollie's unorthodox method of altering the mind, allowing a person to open the mind to enlightenment faster. Miko was her first test subject, and the young girl was already a Level Two. The only reason no one else in the Structure knew about this unprecedented achievement was because of Ollie's powers and link to Moon. And it was not considered wise to enlighten in such a manner. But Ollie never followed rules.
"It might be possible that the transfer caused his new behavior." Cee shrugged. "Miko also exhibited a different behavior after her sessions, due to Ollie unknowingly transferring part of her own habits to Miko."
That was possible. "What do you think, Wolfe?" Ellis asked, knowing the man was smarter than he let on.
"You figure somethin', 'cause I'm sittin' on empty," Wolfe said, rubbing his head.
"You've been sitting on that all night," Troy laughed, adding seasoning to the pot of gumbo.
Wolfe grumped. "Aww, shut yer yap. Since yer happy ass got so much to say, I'm-a back down from this lil' hellified shindig an' let you pansies duke it out." Wolfe downed his drink. "'Cause my nerves are wracked."
Ellis shook his head. Wolfe was just as scared as they were. Something could be seriously wrong with Bones, and Moon could know about it. But Ellis wasn't going to bring up that tidbit of information. Especially if Moon was listening in.
"I'll be back," Ellis said, getting up to go talk to Bones.
"What? Ellis ain't cookin'," Wolfe whined. "Not even a biscuit." He sounded so sad. "I understand a need fer a vacation, but don't deprive the underprivileged. Ya gotta cook at least one tasty treat. Hey, buddy, sit yer ass down 'fore ya start bleedin' in the food. You ain't completely healed yet," he said to Troy. "And I don't want blood in my portion. Ewww."
Ellis laughed, heading for the kitchen doorway.
"Ladies, haul ass! I'm starved!" Wolfe shouted, and Cee threw a dish towel at him, laughing. "You'll pay fer that later, foul woman. In my bed." He chuckled as everyone groaned.
As he looked for Bones, Ellis wondered now if he would cook again. He enjoyed it, but it had always meant more to him when Ollie ate it. Although no one enjoyed it as much as Wolfe, he was beginning to wonder if he wanted anyone else enjoying it anymore.
"Ellis." 
Ellis did a 180 degree turn and saw Bones coming up the hallway. "You wanted to see me?" The kid smiled. How had he known? Bones had excellent sight, but it had never been that good.
"How are you doing?" Ellis asked.
"Fine. But that's not what you wanted to ask me." Bones giggled. "You want to know about why you think I'm so different. But I'm not. I've become what I was meant to be. Just like Ollie. And just like you will be."
He was speaking in riddles. Mama used this tactic when she wouldn't tell them what they wanted to know.
Bones waved for Ellis to come closer. Ellis bent to his knees and squatted in front of him. Bones went over to Ellis and got real close to his ear before whispering, "If you want to know more, find the Violin's Dogma." 
Ellis frowned. The what? 
"And don't worry about me. I have been disconnected and am part of the void now. Death had claimed me," Bones whispered before wrapping his arms around Ellis. 
Ellis let his legs give out; he dropped to his knees. What was Bones saying? He was disconnected and part of the void? Death had claimed …?
"Bones?" Ellis's voice trembled.
Bones began humming a very familiar tune before walking off and leaving Ellis in the hallway, frozen in fear. Sonata in A minor: Cantabile. Ellis stood up and looked at his brother, who continued to walk and hum, waving his hand as if conducting an orchestra. Sonata in A minor: Cantabile was the melody that Bones was humming. It was a composition by the violin composer Giuseppe Tartini, who also wrote the famous piece La Sonata del Diavolo. Also known as the Devil's Trill Sonata. Violin's Dogma was Devil's Trill, Creed.
Ellis waited until late that night when almost everyone was asleep before he went to wake up O-no. The poor kid had been a wreck ever since Ollie's death. He ate next to nothing and barely slept. He rarely talked or associated with anyone. The kid was in agony, but this had to stop.
O-no patched in the link for Ellis, securing it before shuffling back to his bedroom.
Ellis dialed the number and waited for it to ring. When it didn't, he spoke. "Creed?"
"Line's not secure enough." His voice was flat and emotionless.
Ellis sat at the computer terminal, silent. He didn't know what to say or what to do. He was just so confused.
"I have a question for you," Creed said finally. "What story did I tell you when I branded you?" Ellis cringed, remembering that day. "That story is real, and so was the warning. Bring me Granger." And with that, the line went dead. Ellis took in a deep breath. That had gone better than he'd thought it would.
Ellis got up to leave, but stopped as the sound of a sniff. O-no was still awake. 
Going to the kid's bedroom door, he opened it slowly to see O-no curled up on his bed, crying. O-no never cried in front of anyone. Seeing the eighteen-year-old like this broke Ellis's heart. Ollie would know what to do or what to say. Ellis was no good at such things.
When O-no had first come to them, Ollie had let the kid cry in her lap when he got sad. She would never tell anyone, but Ellis was always close by. Ellis took in a deep breath and walked to the bed. Sitting down beside his brother, he began rubbing the kid's back.
"Don't," O-no cried. "I don't want to remember her." He sounded so stuffy.
"Yes, you do." Ellis tried holding back his tears.
"I can't even look at you." O-no trembled. "You look so much like …" O-no shuddered. "Why is this happening? Why are they dying and leaving me? Why?" O-no shouted, sitting up and looking at Ellis. His face was flushed, his eyes were swollen, and tears streamed down his cheeks. Damn you, Ollie.
Ellis grabbed his brother by the back of his neck, holding him close, forcing his brother to look at him. "Listen." Ellis swallowed the lump in his throat as O-no held his breath in shock. "Ollie loved you more than her own life. She wouldn't want this pain for any of us. Especially you. You have suffered enough," Ellis told the boy as he told himself the same thing. She wanted them to be happy. She wanted them to move on without her. "I know it hurts, but don't hide your pain. Let your family help you." 
O-no's face turned angry, and he cried, yelling in frustration. Ellis closed his eyes while O-no let it all go. It would take time for them to heal, and they still had Mama's death to deal with.
Mama, where are you?


()()()


Bones opened his eyes to the darkness of his room. Seeing the clock in his mind, it was past midnight. The Moon's shift change would be happening in a few minutes. He had to be ready for it if he was going to slip past them.
Getting out of bed, Bones slipped off his pajamas and put on some jeans and a T-shirt. Taking the packed backpack from under his bed, his slipped it onto his narrow shoulders. He went to his desk and pulled out the letters he had written to make sure they were still there before putting them back. One was for his mother, one for Ellis, and the other was for Geo. He didn't want the eldest looking for him and endangering the family.
Tip-toeing over to Miko's bed, he nudged her awake.
"Hmm?" the girl groaned.
"Miko," Bones whispered.
She groaned again. "I'll remember." She opened one of her eyes.
"Take care of my mother," he said.
Miko sat up slowly. "Are you … are you really going to do this?" she asked, rubbing her eyes.
"Yes." Bones was going to miss his sister.
"When will you be back?" she sighed, now fully awake.
Bones shrugged.
"Oh …"
"But I'll miss you."
"Me too." She grinned. 
They wrapped their arms around each other in a big hug. "I left it in the desk, in your codebook," he whispered in her ear.
"'Kay," she said, pulling away from him and looking at him with big, sad eyes.
He went to the door where his sneakers were and slipped them on before tying them. He closed his eyes and checked the perimeter of the house. Everything was set.
He looked back at Miko and waved to her; she waved back. Opening the door, he ran down the hall as fast as he could, just as the first guard was changing posts. He ran down the hall, seeing the Moon in his mind; he made it to the stairs and slid down the railing like he and Miko had done for the past two days. Once on the first floor, he opened the front door, only to come face to face with three Moon agents.
"Sorry, kid," one of the Moons said, looking down at him. "Nice try."
"Actually, it gets better." Bones grinned as two of the Moons were lifted up from the ground and into the darkness. Bones ducked as the last one was kicked into the house, making a loud thud and a crunching noise against the wall when he crashed.
Bones looked into the darkness as he stepped out into the night air. He peered up at the large, menacing figure looming over him.
"Wow, you're big," Bones grinned, excited. "My name's Larry, but call me Bones. What's your name?"
"Look, kid, ain't got time for introductions." It was a mean, gruff voice. Bones was picked straight up off his feet and hauled into the darkness.


()()()


Ellis, feeling odd, slowly opened his eyes to catch a pair of big brown eyes looking back at him.
"You're awake." Miko grinned before climbing on his bed.
"Miko …" he groaned, covering his face with his arm.
"Bones told me to only bother you after you were awake." She giggled.
"Really?" Ellis felt the bed shake. She wasn't jumping, was she? He peeked out from under his arm to see that she was. "Miko." He groaned again. Miko must have gotten him confused with Ollie. She was the morning person, not him. Wait.
His head shot up. The sun wasn't even up. "Why are you up so early?" he sniffed.
"Bones told me to give you something, and he said it was for your eyes only." She stopped jumping, landing on her butt. She held out a folded piece of paper.
Ellis frowned. "Why didn't he give it to me himself?" he said, taking the paper.
"Because he's gone," she said seriously.
Ellis held the paper. "What?"
"Bones is gone. It's all on the paper. And I put his notebook on the desk. He said it's in the old language." She sprang back up. "You better read it before his mom wakes up." She jumped off the bed and ran out the door.
Ellis looked down at the paper and over at the desk. What?
Clearing his head, he digested what Miko had said as he flipped on the bedside lamp. He read the letter once and then again.


Ellis,

I'm leaving. But if you want to find me, you and you alone must do as I say. No one else. No one. You have to take Granger to the Devil. But trust no one. Everyone is against them. And don't let the family come after me. You can't, because if you do, we all die. I'm sorry you don't understand, but you will. Good-bye, Ellis. You are the best brother. And tell Mom I love her.

Larry "Bones" Mason


His words barely registered. I'm leaving. It had to be a sick gag. 
But Moon couldn't find the kid anywhere. According to O-no's video surveillance, the moment the kid had stepped out the front door, he had disappeared. His mother was livid, with good reason. Her eight-year-old had run away. And the worst part was that he had told them nothing of Bones's notebook. He only shared the letter. Mama was gone, his little sister was dead, and now this. This was too cruel.
Ellis's face was still stinging from where Bones's mother had slapped him. But Ellis wouldn't say a word. She deserved her anger and pain. His body hummed with the same frustration. 
"I'll go pack," Ellis said, getting up.
Geo stood as well. "I'm going too."
"No, you need to stay here and keep the family protected. I'll call Granger. He can help us better than you could, considering all of us are dealing with …" Ellis felt the pain of her loss. It would never go away.
"And you think you can do it? You're a mess yourself," Geo scoffed. "All of us are responsible for Bones--"
"I need to do this. I need to be the one to find him." Ellis walked to the door. "I've made up my mind. And I won't be back until he's found," Ellis said, going to pack his bag.
He had just lied to them. He had no intention of looking for Bones directly, as instructed. If anything happened to his little brother …
After packing, he headed for the roof, where all of his remaining brothers and sisters waited. They all looked morbid. Ellis didn't say a word as he headed for the helicopter.
"Ellis!" O-no yelled, strolling casually up to the helicopter. 
Ellis looked down at O-no. "Yeah?"
O-no hugged him. The others came to hug him as well. "Come back home," Vlad whispered in his ear.
"Right." Ellis smiled.
"Umm, in the copter, I left ya a gift, priddy bow and everythin'. Ya know, fer good luck." Wolfe smiled sheepishly. Cee looked at Wolfe, frowning. A gift from Wolfe came in the form of weapons and ammunition.
"Thanks," Ellis chuckled before climbing into the helicopter.
"If you don't come back alive and with our brother, you'll be on my list." Geo scowled, stepping away from the helicopter.
"Good to know," Ellis said before powering up the vehicle.

()()()


Temple of Octarchy

The wind blew over Mary's books as she looked out the window at the island. There was no need for her to sit in on this meeting; in truth, she was no longer a Grand House member--Augustus Granger was. Though he allowed her to do as she wished, when he felt like it, he would pop up in her head. As annoying as it was, it was also frightening. She feared any wrong move. She consulted him on everything, because any moment, he could pull her strings, and she would be powerless in her own body.
They called him a soul possessor, but he was more like a body snatcher.
She felt him laughing at her, and she cringed.
"What is this meeting about again?" Mary snapped.
Logan Brashire, an acquaintance of Granger's, just looked at her, frowning. "Haven't you been listening? There is some important information that is being brought to our attention. River will be the first to receive it, and if our sources are correct, it will help give us the edge against other Houses."
"If this news is as good as they say it is," Sadhu said, leaning back in his chair, "River will have the next Oracle position."
The three of them sat waiting as Sadhu and Logan continued chatting like old friends. Mary never had gotten along with the other two Grand House members.
When the door to the meeting room opened, her old assistant Marissa walked through the door with three other people. The three people Mary had never seen before looked … unusually otherworldly. 
Mary was uncomfortable looking at Marissa coming into the room with such authority. She scowled at the woman, who smiled with such arrogance that Mary wanted to smack her face off.
"Good afternoon," she said with that strange accent.
"Marissa?" Even Logan was surprised by this woman, who was known as a gifted assistant to both Mary and the late Nikolai. "Why the hell are you here?"
"I called this meeting."
Mary looked at the other two Heads as they looked at her and each other, bewildered.
"I assure you, this is not the only shock you will receive today. I wonder if you have realized it yet, but the Oracle has yet to address the issue of her death or even when the choosing process will be held." Her narrow lips pinched tight as her eyes pierced them all.
"I am sure she will," Logan said.
"She will not. Because she believes she is the last Oracle."
Mary perked up. "How can that be?"
"The Structure is scheduled for destruction." Marissa's hands came up, and a very visible ball of energy formed in her hand. Soon the ball grew in size and became a large globe that began to show images. Mary gasped.
"What is …?" Sadhu backed up in his seat, trying to climb out of it.
Logan's jaw dropped. None of them had seen anything like this.
Marissa smiled. "Let me introduce myself. My real name is Fiala, but that is not important. What is important, though, is …" The skin on her face changed, darkening where the River seal appeared, covering her face, neck, head, and hands. And probably her whole body. It shimmered and twisted with life. "I am a River Pillar." 
Mary sat frozen as she felt Granger close off the connection, fearing she would see him. He would come back later for a full report.
Sadhu shifted uncomfortably. "How is … can this--?"
"Explain yourself," Mary demanded.
"Impatient as always." Marissa laughed. "I will tell you that you will step down and allow me to assume the role for all of you. So that I will also become Oracle when the time comes."
"Excuse me?" Mary stood, only to sit back down when all her energy was drained.
"You heard me."
"Why? Why would you do something like this? You are enlightened. You shouldn't care about such things." Logan looked at her, confused.
"I don't. I care about the Structure. I care what happens to the Structure. But the Oracle has forced my hand. She has allowed forces to act against the Structure. She is working to help destroy it. And the power she is supposed to pass on to her predecessor … she plans on letting it die with her."
"Where the hell is your proof?" Mary shouted.
"Watch the globe." The globe showed images of war, destruction, and chaos. It was a global catastrophe. "This is what will happen in the next couple of years if the events are allowed to continue. The Structure will be made public, and seal-less humans will fight us and fight among themselves because of fear, plunging us all into another dark age. The Structure will fall."
"Why would the Oracle do this?" Sadhu asked, looking at the globe.
"There are those who believe that the fall of a civilization will give rise to an even greater one. The Oracle feels the same. The fall of the Structure could give rise to an even greater Structure?" Marissa laughed. "That is ridiculous. The fall of the Structure will give rise to a weak, pathetic civilization worse than the one we are now living in."
"If our civilization is so pathetic, why save it?" Mary slumped down in her chair, feeling the strain to her energy.
"Because I want to make it as great as it once was. As great as Uni'ki was." She stood proudly. Even Mary was in awe. Uni'ki was an empire; it had ruled the world at one time, not hiding like the Structure was doing now.
"But are we ready for such a thing? We only represent a fraction of humanity. And how would we achieve such a thing?" Logan sat forward, intrigued.
"I'm glad you asked. The Oracle has a power known as connectivity, I'm sure you all read my letter. If we all obtained this power, connecting ourselves to one another and using our vast amount of knowledge and power, we would be strong. United, in a way the foundation could never achieve. And there would be no need for an Oracle or Grand House. We would all be equals.
"The best part is that once the foundation sees the potential, they will join us. And we will finally have the unity that humanity has craved for so long."
"But last time we were defeated because the powerless outnumbered us," Logan reminded her. Sadhu nodded, agreeing.
"That was only a small part of it. The truth is, we lost because a small handful of our own people turned against us and destroyed us from the inside out, allowing the powerless to finish us off."
"What?" Mary and Logan said at the same time.
"There were a jealous few who could not join the rest of the Uni'ki but still commanded energy. Their jealousy destroyed the Uni'ki. That power has been eliminated, though." Marissa clasped her hands in front of her and bowed her head. "But that does not mean it will not return. The Oracle attempted to bring the power back, but it was destroyed before it could be created. The power of the void."
"You mean, it is real?" Sadhu gasped. "Unbelievable."
"It was very real and very dangerous. But it is no more." She beamed a radiant smile, and those around her smiled as well. "That means we are free to create the new world and strengthen the Structure to its full potential. But to do this, we need the Oracle or the secret to connectivity. Will you step aside and allow me to establish the new Uni'ki?" She looked at them, daring them. None of them could stand against a Pillar. None of them even had the nerve.
River belonged to Marissa now, and the only one capable of stopping her was the Oracle herself. But after hearing what Marissa had to say, Mary wasn't sure she wanted the Pillar defeated. This new Structure sounded like the solution to a multitude of humanity's problems. But there was another threat to Marissa's plans, a threat that Mary could not even hint about, who shared her eyes and mind. And it was in Mary's best interest to be on Granger's side, because if he died, she died.

()()()



25



Heart of Gold, Gulf of Mexico

Granger watched the helicopter land on the top deck of his yacht. He had hoped for a break from the Mason family after Ollie's death, but that wasn't going to happen. Ellis had said it was extremely important that they meet, which was odd, because Ellis should still be in a nasty funk.
Granger himself was fighting the urge to shut himself up in his room, but nothing would come of it. The world would still turn without Ollie. He rubbed the back of his neck, trying not to think of the sleep that he'd lost despite his philosophy.
Joc had left him the moment he returned home after Ollie's funeral. He didn't say much, but it was clear the man was in turmoil. Joc felt betrayed, and it would be a long time before he forgave. Granger told him to call if he ever needed anything from him. Joc offered the same olive branch. They had gone from college friends to best friends to acquaintances. Maybe one day Granger would get his best friend back again. 
Ellis walked down the steps from the upper deck. His hair was wilder than usual. Over the last two weeks, he had grown a beard and mustache that made him look more bohemian than he did before. Ellis's carefree appearance reminded him a lot of Ollie. It was bad enough that the twin looked just like her, but now …
"Sorry to drop in like this, but we need to talk, and we don't have much time." Ellis had an air of business about him, which surprised Granger. If Granger didn't know any better, Ellis's energy level had increased as well. As far as Granger could tell about the twin, he was a Level Two. But now he was starting to think Ellis was far more advanced than a Level Two. Was Ellis hiding something that Granger could not pick up on before?
As Granger tried to read Ellis, he found nothing. Ellis was locked tight. He could have hammered his way through Ellis's defenses, but he didn't feel it was necessary. But he wondered how much Ellis had been keeping from him even since their talk a week ago.
"Since you are in such a hurry, why don't we …" Granger felt a thought slip through and paused. Ellis looked at him intently, as if he knew what Granger was thinking. Ellis had let that thought slip intentionally. "Is that why you are here? To find your brother?"
"No," Ellis said honestly. Now Granger was confused. "And we won't talk about it further."
"Then …?"
You are being watched, Granger. I will say nothing important to you. So if you want to know anything substantial, project your thoughts to me. I know you can do it. I've studied your powers, Ellis thought while Granger stood dumbfounded. "Am I assigned to the same room as before?" Ellis asked, walking past Granger. Granger watched him leave.
Ellis was definitely different from the quiet bookworm he had been. He still had that quiet strength about him, but there was a focus that was unbelievably similar to Ollie's. Granger frowned, thinking. Ellis had always been that focused, but it was always toward Ollie. Now, with Ollie gone, his focus was on Bones--or had it focused on Granger?
Okay, this is weird. Granger looked around, wondering what exactly was going on. And who the hell was watching him?
Granger spent most of the day with Arjun after learning what Mary had found out from Marissa. He was not at all surprised; he was getting used to learning the unbelievable. His mentor was concerned. With this new information and Ellis's presence, the man saw past visions that were confusing and very dark. Arjun had to stop using his abilities to keep from getting a sensory overload. Granger wondered what Arjun saw that was so disturbing.
Most of all, how was he going to handle this Pillar? He couldn't just sit back and do nothing. While the idea of a united humanity sounded great, there was something not quite right. Something was missing.

()()()


Temple of Octarchy

Marissa stood over the Mouth. He sat back in his chair relaxed, looking up at her with a smug grin. She had been questioning him for two days in the small windowless room. And he had said nothing. She was above torture, but hoped he would weaken enough so she could probe his mind. Yet he did not waiver.
He was under the Oracle's protection.
She slowly walked around him thinking. How was she going to find the Oracle?
Her phone rang.
"Yes." She answered looking down at her guest who just grinned.
"Have you found out anything?"
"Nothing. Her power protects his mind."
"Then might I suggest talking with her power."
Marissa frowned looking down at the Mouth who seemed to be waiting.
"Bethea?" Marissa asked.
"Yes, Fiala, how are you?" the Mouth said a self-satisfied smirk on his face.
"I'll call you back," she said hanging up. She opened her mouth to ask a question.
"Don't ask me where I am, because I won't tell you."
"Why are you running? What are you up too?"
"Running?" he chuckled. "You and I both know I don't need to run."
"Why are you doing this? What can you hope to bring about, other than destruction?"
The Mouth's blue-green eyes grew into a pale aqua color. "You really don't understand do you? You have lived far longer than I have and yet you know nothing. How many prophecies have there been, Fiala. How many?"
"Prophecies can be avoided and corrected. You and I both know--"
"When the death march begins, the soulless shall rise up like an army, then the old shall be cleansed until new."
"That could mean anything. Plus, Dietti proved that the destruction could be avoided."
"Then I have a present for you." The Mouth closed his eyes and opened them again showing pure white eyes. The Oracle was using a vast amount of power if the eyes were completely blank. 
"In the last age of the second wave, God will release the barrier. Energy will flow free, without control. The appointed one will resolve her position. She will remove her hand. Then death will overcome her.
"Blood will spill to conceal a truth. Blood will spill to preserve my legacy." Color slowly came back to his eyes as they focused on Marissa. A knowing smile crossed his lips.
Marissa had only heard those words once before. Only once.
"Tesen." She frowned. "He was no god and you are not unstoppable."
"If you want to go up against the tide Marissa you are welcome. You and your friends. I will not stand in your way. In fact, I wish you much luck and countless blessings."
"Then release the rest of my powers."
"Not yet."
The Mouth's head dropped and Bethea's energy vanished from the room. Marissa frowned.
If Bethea wanted to turn her back on the Structure, then she did not deserve her position. Marissa would take it from her grasps before the woman died. She would save her people and revive Uni'ki. That was the Structure's true destiny.

()()()


Heart of Gold, Atlantic Ocean

It took Granger two days to confront Ellis. The man looked too much like Ollie to suit him. Every time he thought he could get over her, he would remember her kiss, how she smelled of peppermint, her eyes … he could even feel her skin in his sleep. She was dead in reality but alive inside of his heart and breaking it to pieces. How the hell had she mattered so much to him in such a short amount of time? Though he had spent five years with feelings for her, this new agony could destroy him.
He hadn't cried when she died. He didn't cry at the funeral. But when he saw Ellis's face, felt the twin's pleas to God to give her back, Granger went to his room and locked himself in. It was the first time he had broken down since his mother was taken and killed. This was a hell he couldn't take again. And the twin's ache was only making it worse.
It was that third day after lunch when Granger sought out the source of his discomfort. Going down to the yacht's library, he found Ellis neck-deep in books. Sitting at a table, the young man had his head buried in a book as he read feverishly. Books were stacked up around him like a fort as he went from book to book. His mind was wide open, but the thought processes were so rapid that Granger couldn't keep up.
"You're a Level Three." Granger frowned as he pulled a chair up to the table.
"No secret," Ellis answered, looking up over the stack of books at him. His large brown eyes blinked several times to focus his vision on Granger. Have you ever heard of the forbidden text?
Granger thought for a moment. Yes, it relates to how the Structure was recreated after its destruction. But no one knows where it is.
"Because it's not a text." Ellis leaned back in his chair. "I'm so dim-witted." He groaned, wiping his hands over his face.
When Ollie and I were younger… (Granger could feel the pain in Ellis with each word he thought.)  we were teenagers when we met our mother's family. That's when Ollie was introduced to Moon and their operations. It was their leader named Devil's Trill--or Creed, as Ollie called him--who introduced her to that world. And because Creed was devoted to our late mother, he inducted me as well. Ellis lifted his shirt up around his neck and stood up. On his chest, just above his left pectoral muscle and below his shoulder, was a symbol branded into his skin. Ellis looked like he was going to be sick as he put his shirt back on and sat down. "Does it look familiar?" Ellis said, rubbing his hands over his face again.
The room was still and uneasy as Granger stared off into the distance. They said it was a focus. Granger reached for the amulet around his neck and looked down at it. It was the same symbol that was burned into Ellis's chest. Granger could hear the past and see Ellis screaming from the pain of the mark being burned into his skin with the heat of the Devil's energy. No wonder Ellis was so uncomfortable about it.
The Oree is the symbol that represents the Oracle. I was told that any person who is not Moon yet serves the Oracle must have that symbol branded on the body. It means you are not only in service of the Oracle but you are also under the protection of Moon. I don't answer to Moon, but I do answer to the Oracle. And for all my knowledge, I believe I am the only one with this privilege.
The Oree wasn't for Granger to focus. It was for those around him to focus on him. The Oracle had passed it on to him so that he would be the next Oracle. The very position he didn't want.
"Damn it." Granger stood up to leave.
"Don't you want me to conclude the story?" Ellis said calmly. Granger wanted to know more, but that was his level-four enlightenment that thrived for knowledge, not the human man who wanted to hurt something because of this manipulation. "Have a seat, and I will inform you of what I know."
Ellis closed his eyes as his thoughts began to flow. Instead of telling Granger, he showed his thoughts in a long string of events. From what Granger saw, he was beginning to understand the need for secrecy and Moon's involvement in the Structure.
If what Ellis was showing him was correct, everything Granger had been taught before was being tested--even what he had learned from Mary just a few days ago. After Ellis received the seal, he and his sister were told the true history of the Structure. The violence and conspiracies that the Structure committed in the name of a united humanity made Granger see that the Structure then was far more corrupt than their civilization was now.
At the beginning, when Uni'ki was first established, the only known energy was environmental energy. There was no distinction between the types of energy that could be manipulated. Environmental energy was everywhere and could be manipulated in many forms. But as the Uni'ki grew, it was found that internal energy was more potent and easier to control. Using internal energy, the core principle of energy use was formed. Enlightenment had not been born. None of the individual powers that were now established existed then. Everything was connected. Though the idea sounded unifying, Granger found that it was a nightmare.
Connectivity was considered the one and only power. It allowed the members of Uni'ki to be connected to one another, sharing energy, emotions, thoughts, and so much more. This connection of energy grew with every child born and every powerless human converted. And with the increase of energy came the increase of a hive mind with one collective thought and one collective goal: to dominate the earth and make all humans see the truth about the world. The crusade became a bloody turn for Uni'ki as it grew more powerful and more feared. That is when the humans without powers rebelled and destroyed Uni'ki. Connectivity was ultimately destroyed, taking down over half of Uni'ki.
The surviving members struggled, but they learned that what they had done was wrong. So they created the seal and divided the members into Houses to teach enlightenment. That was when the individual powers were born as well as the hierarchy that created the Structure.
"Connectivity still exists," Ellis finally said after a long silence. He had his head back, looking up at the ceiling. "Every Oracle that has ever been chosen is taught the secret. That is why no matter what power level they are at, they become the most powerful in the Structure. Because the Oracle alone can share power. Mama was a mere level-two telepath when she was chosen to be Oracle. Now she is connected to everyone in the Structure through energy, though no one would ever know it unless told. That energy, that unlimited supply of energy makes her almost invincible, except for her human failings and her seal, which makes her age at the rate of a Level Two." Ellis lifted his head and looked at Granger, smiling.
"You will be even more powerful than she is, because you are a Level Four. And if you become a Pillar, you will be the longest-living Oracle to ever rule." Ellis sighed. "But with that knowledge--" comes a story that I was told is very real.
Ellis rubbed the back of his neck. The seal was not created by a member of the Structure.
What?
Ellis nodded. His name was Volorii. His eyes shone with amusement as Granger's jaw dropped.
The void? "That's just a ghost story. A myth."
"Just like Demon's Wrath?" Ellis smirked. "Remember, all myths are based on some truth."
Structure folklore stated that Volorii was one of the original humans to learn about energy manipulation. He helped build Uni'ki, but when he refused to connect to the other members and become stronger, they cast him out in a style that was considered barbaric: living death. They stripped him of his ability to manipulate energy and even his energy. Volorii became the living dead. It was a story that Structure parents told their children that misbehaved. If they didn't behave, Volorii would come to suck the energy from their bodies, because he didn't have any of his own.
All this time, Granger had thought it was the classic boogeyman story.
Why did they turn to him if he was an outcast? Granger looked down at the pile of books. What was Ellis studying?
Because Volorii found a way to endure the harsh punishment and still manipulate energy. The power called the void was born in him. It is the opposite of connectivity. Instead of sharing, it strips the energy, limits it, and devours it. If you want to destroy connectivity, what better way than to have a seal created by someone who can never connect? And who better to kill an Oracle who masters connectivity than with the opposing power?
I heard that Uni'ki was destroyed from the inside out by someone who could not join. Granger watched as Ellis smiled.
Yes, that was Volorii. He understood what they were doing and tried to stop them the first time. When they stripped him of his power, he had to learn from scratch how to live. He scraped his way back a thousand years later and slowly wove the threads of Uni'ki's destruction. The void is far more powerful than we may believe.
Is the void how Dietti died? Granger could only fathom how something that powerful could kill the Oracle.
Ellis shook his head. Yes, according to Bones. 
"Bones." Granger frowned.
In his notebook that he left me was … I don't even know where to start. In two weeks' time, he created a timeline of events, cause and effect and … he mapped out why Dietti was killed and what is probably coming in the future.
He wrote that Volorii was the one who first led Moon in aiding the Oracle. Volorii was said to have powers that no other could have, not Moon and the Oracle combined. Powers that could ultimately destroy the Structure as it did Uni'ki. But Volorii died long ago… dead.
Ellis sat quietly face drooping. "I miss her so much," he said finally. "It has only been two weeks, but …" He rubbed his hands over his face again. He was trying to focus, but his sister was a constant burden on his mind and heart.
"She was … happy. Not the way a normal person would be happy, with material things or with achieving goals. She was happy just to be around her family. That is all she ever wanted. I never saw that before. I never thought she was okay, but she was … No, that's wrong." Ellis laughed, covering his face, wiping away tears. He groaned, hating his sorrow. "There was a time she was even happier, if you want to call it happy. It was almost like she was … at peace. Beyond blissful." Ellis's mind reached to the past. "She never was meant to be normal," he said, remembering the first time she took a life. That was the first time Ellis ever saw Ollie completely serene.


()()()


Ollie was eight, living in a house in a small town in Maryland with Mama, Ellis, and Cee. Geo had come home to visit, and someone had followed him. The man wasn't a friend of his; Ellis had no idea what their relationship was, but it wasn't friendly. Ollie had picked up on that immediately and perked up. 
The two men were exchanging words on the front porch, and Geo told him to leave. The man threatened him. Geo welcomed the challenge. Ric came outside to pull Geo into the house, and the man followed. That was when Ellis saw it for the first time. His sister took on an unusual position on her feet, almost crouching. Her face was ever-watchful. It was the only time she ever showed real interest in anything. Even with the danger in the air, Ollie was not the least bit scared. The moment the man launched in Geo's direction, so did Ollie. She kicked a chair in the man's way, tripping him, and a blade no one had seen fell from his hand. Scooping up the blade, she plunged it into his chest without hesitation, too fast to be normal for an eight-year-old. And faster than Geo or Ric could stop her. She didn't look like she had any regret or mercy. The eldest brother picked her up to get her out of the room. Ollie didn't fight; she just watched with complete satisfaction while the man died. She looked completely sated.
"She just killed him, Mama." Geo told the shaman. "Like she's been doing it all her life."
"Yes, because she knew you wouldn't have," the woman said, not a bit fazed by any of it.
"Mama, she's not normal."
"I know. She's not meant to be normal. Ever."


()()()


Taking a deep breath, Ellis continued. "There was a warning that followed the story." The void would return, and death would follow. The Structure would be destroyed.
Though Ellis looked hopeless, Granger saw everything click together. The pieces fit. So Moon isn't killing the seers and historians to protect the Oracle, but to protect the void, their leader.
Ellis thought for a moment. "Bones …" The word rushed from his mouth in a gust of wind. "He… He said that he was part of the void now, and--" Ellis stood up, rubbing his hands over his curly hair. "He knew. He already knew. That transfer of energy. Somehow he learned it from Ollie." Ellis looked startled. He said he was disconnected and that death had claimed him. Ollie was never meant to be normal. She created the void. Death had claimed him--her death. Her death--that transfer--it claimed him and changed him. Is Bones the void?
"So what does this have to do with me, and what does this have to do with the future of the Structure?"
Ellis shook his head.
"I apologize, Granger. I …" Ellis folded his arms in front of him, grasping his forearms. "Allow me to clear my head first." Ellis was trying to hold on to the few threads of composure he had. His brother was gone, and now he was finding out his sister's death had been a tool to bring back the void. It was tearing him up inside.
But what bothered Granger was what the return of the void represented. Was the Structure really going to be destroyed?


()()()


After dinner, Granger returned to the library to find Ellis with a menacing scowl on his face as he flipped through a small notebook. Bones's notebook.
"Anything new?" Granger asked.
"I got the information you left about what this … Pillar woman said." Ellis was a lot more coherent than he had been earlier. "What Bones wrote in his book." He laughed. "Dietti died trying to save the Structure. Three thousand years ago, Volorii was already on his deathbed. So he used his last bit of life energy and killed her when she stopped the Structure from being destroyed during her reign."
"How did she stop it?" Granger asked.
"She killed Volorii's great-grandson, the next void. That is why the Grand House accused Moon of a first offense. They were guilty. And Moon never tried to dispute it, because they knew their crime was true. But they still evaded the punishment, so that they could try to bring back the void again.
Ellis looked up at Granger and smiled. "Moon is going to do everything it can to halt Marissa. They won't allow the Structure to become as it once was. Moon understands how destructive that 'unity' was. And they are preparing to make sure the Structure is destroyed one way or another. But Bones will not cooperate with their plans. He has found another way. It is the way he wants us to follow."
Granger nodded. "By finding Creed."
"Precisely."
"But isn't Creed Moon?"
"Yes, but Creed has the Eyes of God."
Chills ran along Granger's skin. "What?"
Ellis smiled. "That is why he is in hiding. Creed inherited the power of his great- grandfather Tesen. He has the Eyes of God. That is why he remains hidden and why even the Pillars can't find him. Only me and Ollie. And I suppose Bones now."
"So this Creed knows, what?"
"Well, if I am interpreting this correctly, he knows the true path to uniting the Structure with the rest of humanity. And it requires death? I'm not sure what that means. But what I am convinced about is that we must get you to Creed. I don't care about the why. I just care about getting my brother back." Ellis spoke honestly.
"Fair enough. And I definitely want to meet this Creed. His power could have averted this damn mess--"
There was a knock at the door, and they both turned to watch it open. Arjun came into the room. "Augustus," Arjun held up a phone.
Granger got up and took the phone, putting it to his ear.
"G," Joc's voice came in over the phone. "The word is out that the Oracle has disappeared. River has just handed all of its power over to a woman claiming to be a Pillar named Fiala. From what I can tell, she was once Nikolai's and Mary's personal assistant, Marissa Ivanski. Breath and Flame have joined forces again and are actively taking offense to Marissa's claim to power. Blade is siding with them. But the real problem is Stone and Sun. They want you to be their spokesperson. Granger, they're calling on you to step up and take the position of Oracle before Marissa does."
Granger cursed, not wanting the position. He projected the information to Ellis, who cocked his head to the side with worry. "Thanks. I'll have to think on this," Granger said.
"Since the Oracle's missing, both sides are ignoring protocol and declaring an all out war on each other and you. G, be careful, because Blade and River both have assassins gunning for you," Joc said before hanging up.
"It seems the Structure is already destroying itself," Granger said, giving Arjun back the phone. 
"It's not the first time. But what's Mama's part in this, and whose side will she take?" Ellis said, groaning.
Arjun looked back and forth between them.
"If Marissa is right, the Oracle believes that the fall of a civilization will bring the rise of an even greater one." Granger put his hand on his chin, rubbing it in thought.
Ellis shook his head. "No civilization lasts forever. Rome fell, Egypt fell, Uni'ki fell. Maybe it is time we fell as well. One thing is for sure--we can't let Uni'ki repeat itself. Bones said not to trust anyone. So I need to take you to Creed. I have a feeling that he's the one who can figure this out. If he hasn't already." It was clear that Ellis did not trust this Creed any more than he did the rest of Moon. The only reason Ellis considered his help at all was because Bones had instructed him to. But Granger saw that there was more to Creed than just being an esteemed leader of Moon. It seemed that the only people the recluse trusted were Ellis and Ollie. In Granger's eyes, that was enough reason to trust him.
"I need to make some phone calls," Granger said, walking past Arjun.
Granger. Helicopters incoming. His navigator grabbed his attention. 
From insult to injury. This was getting old fast. If the Grand House wanted him dead, they were going to work real damn hard to get it. 
"We have company." Granger said, taking off his wind jacket hanging it on the doorknob. "Stay here. This won't take but a minute," he told them, ready to take on the world.


()()()


Ellis and Arjun looked at each other; both were skeptical. They quickly followed after him, trying to figure out what he was about to do. Ellis went to the main deck and saw several helicopter lights in the night sky. They were heading straight for them.
"We have to--" 
Arjun put his hand on Ellis's arm to stop him. "No. He must stand on his own," Arjun said, looking at his student. Ellis turned to see the helicopter lights spotlight Granger. It was in that minute that Ellis saw what everyone feared in him.
The moment they got close, a chorus of bullets came down on them. Ellis's heart skipped as he hit the ground, Arjun by his side. Ellis began to crawl to safety. But something was… off. The bullets were dropping in front of them. He looked up to see an unmoved Granger holding out his left palm facing forward, stopping each and every bullet that threatened them. His presence was so serene, Ellis couldn't tell if the man was conscious of what he was doing.
Lifting his right hand, holding it at the same distance as the left, he made a quick pulling motion, as if he had grabbed something and jerked it hard. The act was so violent that Ellis could feel the possessions take place. He felt the energy being sucked through the air. Even the water around them kicked up when the unnatural wind blew by. Arjun patted his chest and arms, as if checking to make sure his own soul was intact, before looking up at Ellis, eyes wider than plates.
"Damn." Ellis's curse was so tangible that it grabbed Granger's attention, and he looked back at him with unfeeling eyes.
"You're fine," he said, walking toward them. Ellis looked out into the night sky and saw the helicopters flying out of control. His possession had knocked them unconscious, and now none of them were able to gain control of the helicopters about to crash into the ocean. "We need to find this Creed. Tell my navigator what course to plot," Granger said to Ellis, leaving him behind to look at the bullets on the deck floor.
For the first time in his life, Ellis had seen real power. Even his mother, the Oracle, had never put on such a display. And he felt sorry for any fool ready to go up against this monster.

()()()


Atlanta, Georgia

The shaman stepped away from the window, turning to look at Arthur, who had just come into the room. She let the smoke escape her lips as she put the cigarette in her mouth. Clasping her hands behind her back, she shuffled to her chair but did not sit down.
"You requested to see me," Arthur finally said, looking at her like he didn't have the time for her. He was proud of himself. Proud of his accomplishments. Good for him.
"I see you are doing well. I just want to congratulate you." 
She summoned me for this?
His thoughts made her smile as she continued, "Granger and Moon are both scrambling to reinforce their positions in the Structure, so I suggest you and the rest of your allies hurry before they retaliate. As for Mary Alexander, she is not a threat."
"I know," Arthur answered arrogantly. So predictable. She had hoped he would be different. But that changed nothing.
"Then my words are wasted. Since you have no more need of me, I request that you let me go."
"There is nothing more you will give me?" Arthur narrowed his eyes, taking in slow, methodical breaths. He had no intention of letting her go. But it didn't matter.
"What would you like to know?" She saw the question coming. The seed had been planted.
"You hold the last level, the one beyond Pillar, don't you?" he asked.
"If you want to call it a level." Smoke escaped her nostrils.
"But only the Oracle can claim that level, only the Oracle can know its secrets, right?" Arthur stepped forward, intrigued. He believed that she would reveal something. Funny man.
"What is your question?"
"You know it." Arthur cocked his eye, tilting his head to look at her sarcastically.
"Ask it."
"There was a time when we all could achieve this power. And you know how."
She took the cigarette out of her mouth; holding it in her fingertips, she watched it disintegrate. Arthur's eyes widened. Smoke continued to rise from her fingers, slowly filling the room. She opened her lips, letting the smoke escape slowly into a fine black mist.
"Are you ready to open Pandora's box, Arthur?" She watched as he stepped back. "I didn't think so." She began writing in the air with her finger, forming letters with the black smoke, then words and sentences for him to read. 

Power Is Like Smoke: If You Breathe Too Much, Soon It Becomes Hard To Breathe.

And as soon as he read the words, the smoke dispersed. The room cleared, and she looked at the frightened man, who was beaming with knowledge. She was more useful to him than he could imagine. "Once you realize that there are no levels, no restraints, and no barriers, then you realize that last level never existed. And always was." She watched as his mind tried to understand what she was saying. But like always, he never did. "Yes, Arthur I could teach you. I could reveal the secret to you, but it would not help. Because your mind is limited. Good night." She walked past her chair to her bed. Pulling back her sheets to lie down, she paused. The shadow was back.
Bea, I've come for my sight. She could feel his persistence. He would not leave silently this time.
I know. She released her hold on his power, on all their power. The bonds of destiny were already intertwined. Fate could not be denied by anyone this time, not even her. She lay down, pulling the covers over her head, smiling devilishly as they all began to realize, all began to see--death was imminent.
Then came the outrage of pure anger and disbelief. Where is my daughter, Bethea? Where is Ollie?

()()()



Epilogue



Ollie's awakening was abrupt. She inhaled hard as if she was taking breath for the first time. She was dying. Her body was heavier than she remembered, and every part of her screamed like she was being burned alive. Had she died and gone to hell?
The pain slowly stilled, and a new sensation followed.
What felt warm and comforting in her sleep was now cold, harsh, and very unfriendly. Images came to her mind. They were foggy and unclear as she fought to remember something, anything. A tormenting rush passed through her. Her mind jolted, and pain brought vivid memories into focus. Ollie grabbed her head in shear agony, rubbing her temples to ease it even a little. She remembered her confrontation with Demon's Wrath, and she shot up from the bed and opened her eyes. But she saw nothing. Blackness greeted her as she blinked, trying to focus. Maybe the lights were out and it was pitch-black where she was.
Controlling her breathing as her heartbeat picked up, she waved her hand in front of her face, hoping to catch something in the absence of light, but nothing. This was no time to panic. She slowed her breathing, fighting back anxiety. What if the lights weren't out? Could she be blind? And where the hell was she?
"Hello?" she croaked. Her throat was dry and thick, as if she had something in it. 
Feeling around on the hard surface where she had slept, she found it was covered in a thin material. She could tell by the cold coming through the cloth that it was either a metal platform or ice. 
Clearing her throat, she yelled again. "Hey!" She clutched the thin sheet covering her. It was the only thing between her naked body and the open air; she didn't need to see to know that. Wrapping the sheet around her as best she could, holding it with one hand, she felt with the other hand to find the edge of the platform. Once she found it, she moved her legs to the edge, one at a time. As long as her legs were, her feet dangled. She began to wonder how far the floor was. Holding her breath, she moved one leg farther down until her foot felt the sting of the cold floor. "It couldn't have hurt you to put carpet in this cold bastard," she said, hoping that someone watching was getting their jollies from this.
Placing her feet on the ground, she slowly stood up, feeling awkward and stiff. On wobbly legs, she tried to find balance. Fatigue hit her. She leaned back against the platform to catch her breath, only to slide on the edge of it. Ollie grabbed for the air as she tried not to fall, but she ended up on her ass. Taking a deep breath, she just sat, wanting to see. Damn it.
"Will someone please," she said very calmly, "please have the courtesy to tell me where the hell I am?" She closed her eyes, realizing that having them open did her no good. Taking a deep breath, she began to crawl until she found a wall. Using her hands, she felt along the wall, trying to find a door, a window, or something that would let her know what was going on. The wall was smooth and dry. She could only imagine that the room was like an examination room, especially after finding what she believed to be a table that had some kind of cold metal tools sitting on top. Among them, she found something sharp and took hold of it, just in case she needed to kill something.
Continuing her pursuit, Ollie felt a small amount of warm air in the cold room. It was on one side of her, and she seemed to be getting closer to the source. Feeling uncomfortable, she clutched the sheet she had around her and stopped. Pushing back her fear, she continued.
Slowly she reached out to the source of the warmth and felt something soft, smooth. Were those hairs? Ollie jerked back as a cruel laughter filled the room. Hell, she wasn't alone.
"Did you enjoy the show, you sadistic asshole?" She cringed tightening her grip on the sharp object she had found. In her weakest state, he seemed to lurk not once, but twice.
"Sharp as ever." The demon's smooth voice made her skin crawl. She needed a bath just from hearing it. Remembering his hands on her … She was going to kill him.
"Where am I?" She backed up, feeling him looming.
"Aren't you going to ask why you can't see?"
Ollie cursed. So she was blind. She felt him caress her cheek as she stabbed out at him, but she got nothing. The sharp object was slipped from her hand, and he laughed.
"I see your fight has returned. Goodie."
"What did you do to me?" she snapped.
"I had the pleasure of killing you and watching you die." His voice was right in her ear. She jerked her head from him, only to hit it against the wall. As the pain throbbed, he laughed harder. "This is too fun."
"I'll kill you." She wanted to rip out his throat. He had deliberately pushed her over the edge and killed her. Now he was tormenting her.
"You'll try." His hands grasped her arms, picking her up and slamming her against the wall.
"Let me go!" she shouted.
"Why? You belong to me now, to do with as I wish." He chuckled as she struggled, kicking out her stiff legs. Had she really died? "If you calm down, I might humor you and tell you about your funeral."
Ollie stilled. "My what?" Ollie didn't remember dying like she had the first time. But then she recalled that warmth and familiar comfort. She remembered the soft glow of … Oh, no, no, no.
"How long …?" She couldn't finish the sentence. It was too real.
"You were dead for four days." His face was so close now that she could feel his breath on her nose. She turned her head to the side. Four days? The last time she had died, it had only been half a day. How did she … why was she alive?
And what about … "My family?"
"They'll be fine. It takes a while for people to cope with death."
"Shit! You lousy muthafucker, let me go!" They needed to know she was okay. They needed to know …
"No. You belong to me." He spoke in her ear, and his grip on her skin tightened. "Who do you think dug your sorry ass up? And as far as your family is concerned, they're safe as long as they know you're dead." He said it so plainly that she knew it to be true. He was right. They were in danger because of her in the first place. This was for the best. She had to keep her distance. But there was no way in hell she was going to be this bitch's toy.
"What are you going to do with me?" she asked quietly, feigning cooperation. 
He was silent for a long time before letting her go. "I'm going to make you perfect. When I get through with you, you'll be so obedient that all I'll need to do is pull your strings. My own weapon of death," he said.
A puppet? 
Ollie slid down to the floor, knowing she could do nothing without her strength, her powers, and her vision, for starters. That only meant that it would be a long road ahead of her to get stronger. Strong she was good at. And strong was what she needed to kill that bastard and get out of this hell, blind or not. She knew what it took to placate the enemy and allow them to feel comfortable. And when she got her opening, she would strike. Moon was right to call her the number one internal threat, because when the time came, she was going to bring this son of a bitch to his knees and cut his head off, execution-style. And if there was anyone else who wanted to play with her, they could bring it the hell on, because she was no one's puppet. Oh, yeah. This is personal. 

)()(

Glossary Excerpt from
Fundamentals of Structure History & Modern Ideology,
Vol. 1, Tenth Edition


Blade: The House that embodies physical energy. Noted for its military prowess and top-notch warriors, its seal appears as multiple interlocking blades. Estimated population: one million.

Breath: The House that embodies life energy. Noted for its healers, its seal appears as rising smoke. Estimated population: less than one million.

Code of Silence: The first law passed by the Structure. The law requires all those possessing the seal to live silently among normal humans without revealing their civilization, to protect humans as well as the Structure.

Connectivity: The belief that all things are connected; the cornerstone of enlightenment. Also known as a power that the Oracle possesses that allows him or her to connect to every individual in the Structure.

Energy seal: A genetic damper created to limit energy usage. The seal creates a tattoo-like mark on the skin that identifies each House and warns others of specific levels; the less the seal dampens energy, the more it spreads across the skin. Seals can only occur genetically. They usually start to form on the arm, chest, or back. (Also seal.)

Enforcers: Soldiers of the Structure, mostly belonging to House of Blade. The ranks, in descending order, are elite enforcer, stealth enforcer, chief enforcer, and enforcer.

Enlightenment: A process that requires the slow stripping away of limited perspective. The process involves understanding the balance between all things and how everything is connected. Key components include an open-minded approach and wide-eyed wonder. Enlightenment is required to harness more energy for manipulation.

First offense: The crime of high treason in which one or more individuals tries to kill the Oracle or tries to destroy the Structure. This crime is punishable by death.

Flame: The House that embodies emotional energy. Noted for its empaths, its seal appears as dark flames. Estimated population: one and a half million.

Foundation: Those who have no genetic marker to produce a seal or those born with latent seals. Normal humans are considered foundation; though normal humans have the potential to harness energy, none has done so in over ten thousand years. (Also seal-less.)

Grand House: The presiding council that governs the Structure, it is made up of three high-ranking members from each House, representing their Houses. The Grand House creates rules and laws to help the Structure survive among the vast population of normal humans.

Heart: The House that embodies a balance of energy. Noted for its members' ability to have any type of power, its seal appears as heart-shaped leaves on a vine. Estimated population: one million.

Historian: A seer with the sole ability to see into the past.

House: A society classified by the type of energy that its members can manipulate. Currently there are seven established Houses: Blade, Breath, Flame, Heart, River, Stone, and Sun. Houses were once known as schools that specialized in specific types of energy.

Level One: The first level of enlightenment, in which the seal covers a small portion of the body no more than several inches wide. A Level One person can have limited power with limited energy. About three-fourths of the Structure population is at Level One. This beginning seal is called a birthmark.

Level Two: The second level of enlightenment, in which the seal covers up to one-fourth of the body. Level Two allows more energy usage, and the powers are more potent than at Level One. The energy sustains the wielder, adding two hundred years of life. About one-eighth of the Structure population is at Level Two.

Level Three: The third level of enlightenment, in which the seal covers more than one-fourth of the body but no more than half. Level Three allows a steady flow of energy and up to ten meter (approximately ten yards) radius for many powers. The energy sustains the wielder, adding five hundred years of life. Warning: it is recommended that children wait until maturity to achieve Level Three, unless they want to extend their childhoods. Thought a rare accomplishment, about less than one-sixteenth of the Structure population is at Level Three.

Level Four: The fourth level of enlightenment, in which the seal covers more than half of the body but does not completely cover the body. This occurrence is extremely rare and is barely recorded. Level Fours have an almost limitless supply of energy and a wide radius to use powers, up to approximately 1.5 kilometers (approximately one mile). Their powers evolve; some Level Fours develop multiple powers or the original powers become extremely potent. Energy sustains the wielder, adding a thousand years or more of life. The energy automatically heals injuries and cures illnesses. With a conscious effort, the wielder can use his or her own energy to shield him- or herself.

Living death: The ancient barbaric practice of stripping a person of his or her ability to manipulate energy. This practice leaves a person catatonic and unable to function normally, ultimately leading to his or her death. Once used as capital punishment by the Uni'ki.

Moon: A House believed to be extinct or on the verge of extinction.

Mouth: The Oracle's ambassador. This person advises the Grand House on the Oracle's behalf and presides over Grand House meetings.

Oracle: The leader of the Structure. The most powerful person in the Structure, the Oracle does not directly rule the Structure but is considered its guide. Only in cases where the Structure or Grand House gets out of order does the Oracle step in.

Pillar: The last level of enlightenment, in which the seal covers the body completely. This level allows a limitless supply of energy, with which the wielder is not required to eat or sleep for days at a time. This level is so rare that it is almost nonexistent; only one Pillar has been recorded since the Structure's beginning. Pillars have a wide range of powers and abilities that can affect several kilometers (fifteen kilometers being the highest documented). Many abilities can cross over energy classes. Though it is not certain, a Pillar has been said to live for thousands of years because of the level of energy, which protects the wielder like a shield, automatically making Pillars almost invincible.

Prophet: A seer with the sole ability to see into the future.

Ritual: The first form of energy manipulation that allowed the manipulation of environmental energy. Though that form of energy was limitless, it was volatile and destructive. (Also the Old Way.)

River: The House that embodies spiritual energy. Noted for its seers and trackers, its seal appears as flowing intersecting lines that follow the paths of blood vessels and arteries. The largest House in the Structure, its estimated population is two million.

Second offense: The crime in which the code of silence is broken. Those responsible are sentences to confinement in a Blade holding facility, and their families and friends are interrogated and often monitored for years.

Seer: One with the ability to see past, present, or future; specific types of events; or specific types of people or places.

Stone: The House that embodies environmental energy in relation to the human body. Noted for its engineers, agriculturalists, and architects, its seal appears as a wedged pattern, much like mountain peaks or an ax head. This House's abilities are the most visible and are the closest to the Ritual form of energy use. Estimated population: one million.

Structure: After Uni'ki was destroyed at around 6000 BC, the Structure was formed to create a tiered system of enlightenment so that each member would learn to use his or her abilities wisely and responsibly. This civilization was founded on the belief that it should progress and live alongside normal humans without imposing its knowledge on them. Though its population is estimated at eight million in a world of six billion humans, the Structure has carefully maintained its Code of Silence. It runs many world governments, controls militaries, and owns or controls many large corporations, ultimately holding rule over world economics and technology.

Sun: The House that embodies mental energy. Noted for its scholars, intellects, telepaths, and telekinetics, its seal appears as an interlocking circular pattern. This is currently the most powerful House. Estimated population: one and a half million.

Temple of Enlightenment: A temple about seven thousand years old that was devoted to enlightenment. It houses many libraries and is located on an energy-shrouded island in the Indian Ocean.

Temple of Octarchy: A temple about seven thousand years old that houses the history and studies of the seven Houses and even the extinct eighth House. The gathering place of the Grand House when in council, it is located near Bermuda on an energy-shrouded island.

Temple of the Oracle: A temple believed to be about seven thousand years old. It is suspected to house the largest library in the world and said to be where the Oracle resides, though few if any have ever seen it.

Tesen: The father of the Structure and the first and most powerful seer in Structure history. Tesen had the power to see everything connected, a power known as the Eyes of God. Tesen was the first to manipulate energy and established Uni'ki.

Tracker: A human with the ability to use his or her abilities to track other people, objects, or places. This can include various types of energy tracking, blood tracking, and mental image tracking.

Uni'ki: The first and only human tribe that discovered energy manipulation. The tribe was formed at about 12000 BC. It was the first true civilization and empire at around 9000 BC. Uni'ki was destroyed at about 7000 BC when the tribe decided to force its beliefs on powerless humans.

()()()

About R. B. Holbrook

RB Holbrook resides in North Carolina where she was born and raised. After earning a master's degree, the author pursued a career in writing. Her first book, Oracle’s Legacy: Children of Sun, is her ‘proverbial heart and soul’. Though it is one of three, it will always be the ONE to the author. The one that got her started…the one that will push her higher. 

“A dreamer by nature, I always have a story or song in my head.”


Contact R. B. Holbrook Online:

Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/rbholbrook
Twitter: http://twitter.com/rbholbrook
Blog: http://rbholbrook.wordpress.com/
