Larry W Richardson




ORION



What might have been

And was,

In

Another

 Universe




This is a work of fiction.

ORION Copyright © 2021 by Larry W Richardson

This is a work of fiction. All rights reserved, including the right to reproduce this book, or any part thereof, in any form.

Note: References to Latitude and Longitude cited indicate the general area of some activities of the story. The reader may view maps of the ‘United States Geographical Survey Mars Quadrangles’ through Wikipedia




For those who have
committed
the
unforgivable
and
never
known
when
to
buy the rose




TABLE OF CONTENTS

Foreword
Postlogue
Prologue
Chapter 1 – NTTG – Maybe
Chapter 2 – Personnel Issues
Chapter 3 – Filling the Void
Chapter 4 – The Canadian Contingent
Chapter 5 – Area 51 - Maybe
Chapter 6 – Time Spent in Recce is Seldom Wasted
Chapter 7 – Orion - The Ship
Chapter 8 – Orion – The Mission
Chapter 9 – The Engine Room
Chapter 10 – Publicity Stunts
Chapter 11 – AUTOVON Relationship Therapy
Chapter 12 – The Chain of Command
Chapter 13 – Hold Please - the President Would Like to Speak with You
Chapter 14 – Space – Another Final Frontier
Chapter 15 – A Busy Day
Chapter 16 – A Walk in the Dark
Chapter 17 – Turning Things Around
Chapter 18 – Revelations I
Chapter 19 – About Face
Chapter 20 – Kicked from Behind
Chapter 21 – Mars
Chapter 22 – Plan B
Chapter 23 – Survivor Mars
Chapter 24 – Recovery
Chapter 25 – Mutiny
Chapter 26 – The Russians are Coming, etc
Chapter 27 – Time to Say Goodbye
Chapter 28 – Heading up High
Chapter 29 – Welcome to Our World
Chapter 30 – Settling Down
Chapter 31 – The Road to Baikonur
Chapter 32 – The Road to Houston
Chapter 33 – Going Home
Chapter 34 – Heroes Welcome 
Chapter 35 – Coming Home II 
Chapter 36 – Roads End
Chapter 37 – Ready Aye Ready
Glossary of Terms

Foreword

This novel takes place in the world I imagined in my first novel, The Colonisation of Mars (TCOM), in which humans (Americans) actually sent the nuclear-propelled spaceship Orion to Mars in 1970. And many other manned missions, not all successful were sent too, some long before the story of TCOM takes place (circa 2040). 

So relax. This is not the well-ordered universe of today. This is about another world, as alien as today’s militaries are to the author.

Postlogue
Latitude 19.10N
Longitude 061.6W
Common Name—NE Lunae Palus
Lunae Palus Quadrangle MC-10

April 2047

Almost 1200 kilometers southwest of the Main Habitation Module was an historic site that had long been of great interest to him, the site where the massive atomic powered spaceship 'Orion' had crash-landed. While the site was easily seen in high resolution orbital images if you knew where to look, only the silver dot in the centre distinguished it from countless other similar scars in the uplands of Lunae Palus.
From the ground the Leaning Tower of Mars looked a lot more imposing, a towering bullet-shaped monument to 1940’s vision, 60’s hope and 70’s technology, dashed by a bit of bad luck and maybe the lack of a good extreme temperature grease.
After the atomic blasts that powered the immense craft had done their job of bringing it to within 1000 yards of the surface, the mechanism intended to jettison the now redundant atomic engine had failed. Their exhaust tubes blocked by the pusher plate, the chemical engines for the final braking were useless. Only quick thinking by an engine room hand had saved the ship from crashing to the surface. As it was the hard landing injured many of the 47 occupants, some fatally. For ½ kilometer around the surface had been scoured of loose rock and regolith by the last fortuitously timed atomic blast. Nevertheless the ship had slammed into the surface with enough force to bury the pusher plate fully half a yard into the surface.
With the atomic engine still attached, the payload section was a full forty yards above the surface. Despite this the survivors had off-loaded the exploratory rovers and support equipment and carried out a brief reconnaissance of the surrounding area until diminishing consumables forced them to end the mission. They manhandled the two crew return vehicles to the surface and made a hasty return trip to their twin, the 'Daedalus', in orbit near Deimos. As befitted the character of the short-lived but heroic United States Air Force Interplanetary Expeditionary Force, they had met disaster and persevered.
From a hundred yards away through the Rollagon’s forward window Orion was overwhelming; 4000 tons in mass and 40 yards in diameter at the base, it was by far the largest manufactured object anywhere off Earth.
The AI announced, "I am detecting radiation from the atomic explosives. I estimate that there are as many as five bombs remaining in the atomic engine."
"Really? That's not much of a margin."
"Sufficient to the need, it seems. You will be glad to know that the surface radiation levels are acceptable for a 728 hour exposure."
"Good, cause I want to have a look around."
He suited quickly, exited the Rollagon and walked up to the site. The tracks of other visitors were everywhere, including unmistakably, the tracks of a Colony Rollagon and many AIs. For several yards above the surface Orion's painted steel hull had been sandblasted to bare metal, burnished in fact to a dull sheen.
The site was messy and disturbed. Scattered around were piles of gas cylinders, wooden boxes and shipping containers, some empty, some half full of garbage, cardboard boxes labelled in military style: Meals – Ready to Eat, beer cans, tin cans, articles of clothing, boots, books and ball caps and yellowed whisper thin paper, their handwritten messages bleached and lost. 
And surprisingly, given his experience, a haphazardly piled collection of environmental suits, their rank defining colours jumbled, the Velcro name tags removed. Probably had more important things to do than police the yard.
In a neat row a hundred yards or so from the hulk 13 mounds marked the final resting place of the unlucky. To give them the dignity of burial, soil had been laboriously carried in from beyond the blast zone. Some of the suited bodies were partially uncovered and dutiful Mars was in the process of putting the dirt back where it had come from.  The names were recorded on small hand-made copper plates affixed to metal posts pushed into the surface and supported by small heaps of hand-placed rocks. He read the names as he walked along. Death had apparently not been rank conscious. Three of the dead were officers, including the Mission Commander. Or was he the Captain? Nope. Commander.
He spent some time looking at the graves. How had they come to be here? He well knew the strange twists and turns that had brought him here, which had brought all of his fellow travellers to Mars, but what kind of a world had sent them?
A world, he recalled, where the rivalries of competing political systems were played out on a very large and public stage, on which the risk of catastrophic failure was an acceptable thing and the only way to earn great acclaim.
How strange it must have been to have signed onto a spaceship to go to Mars. It was to him the classic story of brave military officers and men who volunteered for a space mission of great risk, blasting off from Earth aboard a finned, atomic fire spewing rocket, the military men grudgingly accepting the presence and advice of civilian scientists – those grey-haired sages who were the forerunners of the modern mission specialist.
Yet not one engraved name could he recall to memory. It was too far in the past perhaps; the world had moved on and he, grudgingly, with it. Except for their families, who would never be able to forget, this whole event was an historical footnote, almost the stuff of myth and imagination.  He straightened several markers that had fallen over, pushing the rocks back into place with his foot and with a last look turned back to the ship.
He came upon a pair of open seat rovers, dwarfed by the massive hull, parked ready to go, their dust-covered solar panels extended like parasols. He sat down in one, gripped the tiller, placed his feet on the pedals and turned the Main Power switch. The analog instrument panel came to life; charging rate (Low), O2 reserve (Low), radio status (LED lamp, glowing ruby red). The voltmeter indicated a mid-range charge, good for what, he wondered aloud? 20 – 30 miles on a good day? 
He pressed the speed control, felt the motors respond and the machine shudder, but it went nowhere.  He looked about the cockpit for the hand brake and released it with an easy turn. He tried the accelerator, again. This time the rover moved ahead with a sudden jerk, lifting itself out of the indentations time had formed in the dust. He made a close circle and parked it back in its place, then turned off the power.
But now that he was here, what he really wanted to do was to go on board. Returning to his start point he called up the drawings of the vessel on his HUD and studied them while seated upon a conveniently placed wooden box. There were no ladders extending to the surface on the pusher plate; the plate was supposed to be gone prior to landing. He looked through his visor. The cables and massively hooked sheave used to offload cargo swung slowly in the light breeze, just yards away. It was too much to hope for. After a brief search he located the winch control and pulled the cabled unit from its enclosure. Opening the cover he saw three buttons - Up - Down and Stop. He pressed the Up button hopefully. The cable did not move. D'oh. As if! Time had taken care of that.
With climbing out of the question and the winch inoperative he was at a loss for options. Reluctantly he consulted the AI, fully expecting to receive stern a lecture on the dangers of entering a strange and derelict vessel. To his surprise she suggested he try one of the small auto-winches used to lift cargo onto the Rollagon’s deck. A few moments later he took the winch and a safety belt from the AI's outstretched hand, with a 'Good Luck' to boot.
He strapped on his trusty Swiss seat and clamped the auto-winch over one of the cables. The little unit purred in his hand and swiftly took him up. He leaned back, holding the cable loosely in both hands.
At the top of the lift a shallow but wide platform jutted out from the hull. The tilt of the ship caused him to be further out than he would have liked. He lowered himself slowly until he could catch one foot and swung himself onto the dusty plate. Peeking down over the side he saw the Rollagon. It was a long way down. He unhooked the auto-winch and turned to the ship. The massive outer airlock door was open.
The interior was dark and vast. Several centimetres of dust covered the floor. Footprints, many old and some newer could be seen – from the last of them certainly, but who else, he wondered. 
He turned on his helmet lamps and looked about. The powerful twin beams were lost in the depths of an immense room of about ten yards height and of an unusual shape. Walking away from the opening he paced off the steps: five, ten, and 20 until he was confronted by a closed airlock door – a door that would give access to the remainder of the cargo deck. He strained to peer through the small bubble window into the darkness beyond, seeing nothing but his own distorted helmet and lamps.
He turned away and walked along the interior wall. There were two sets of mounts attached firmly to the floor – the Crew Return Vehicles had been stored here. Secured along the outside wall in layers three deep were green gas bottles labelled ‘O2’.  He continued along. A tangle of hoses attached pumps to regulators and tanks, a mess of burned electrical cables and piles of damaged electrical equipment littered the floor. Not unexpected, considering. Not really interesting, either.
But near the outer airlock door was a sturdy metal cabinet he had overlooked. The door was stencilled - Small Arms, in red paint. Only the military would bring weapons to a dead planet.
He pulled the door open. There were four short barrelled rifles unsecured in a rack intended for 16. C7s? Below on a shelf were metal ammunition boxes, some with their lead seals intact, others open and half empty. On the floor in the dust he saw the lock, its shackle broken and nearby, a pry-bar, then individual rounds. Unauthorised access. The Authorities always have the keys. Not so orderly as we believed.
He looked back to the inner airlock door. Was the hull still pressurised or had the ship's air leaked away over sixty-plus years? He walked back and examined the door more closely. Without power it could not be operated, unless, yes, there was a small wheel on the door. Thank God for back-ups. He examined the door, and read the instructions, in black letters on battleship grey as clear as if painted just yesterday. It was straight forward: pull the lock pin, turn the wheel and keep turning. No warnings or advisories plastered the door in bright red. Nothing warned of the dangers of depressurizing the deck. “No lawyers on this one,” he snorted.
If there was any significant pressure inside the door would not budge.  He pulled the pin and spun the wheel hopefully. After a few turns there was a moment of stiffness when it seemed the wheel had jammed but then, continuing to turn he saw the door suddenly move inwards. He turned the wheel until the door was fully retracted and had started to climb the track to his right. The gap beyond was dark. He stepped over the sill, and grasping the wheel inside, turned it until the door was fully open.
The airlock door opened onto an even larger room, a single open space occupying the remainder of the deck.  He looked around and found again that his helmet lamps were not up to the task. In the centre of the room was a spiral staircase, with a long central rod top to bottom. Otherwise it was more of the same: O2 cylinders lined much of the outside wall, large metal shipping containers labelled radio spares, radar spares, rations, a set of large blue tanks on the floor which were probably part of a plumbing system. Interestingly, much of it was bolted to rails that curved up the wall to allow easy access when the ship was set to spinning. For some reason though not all of it could be moved.
The space was immense; in fact it was as large as any single room in the old MHM, except perhaps the greenhouse. He climbed the staircase. The hatch was open. Despite the spaciousness of the rest of the room, it was a tight fit in an envirosuit. He tried to imagine a full crew in bulky 'spacesuits' abandoning ship through this portal.  
Panning his light he found himself in a much smaller circular room with many oblong hatches leading off. Over each was a sign - Mess Hall, Recreation Area/Radio Room, Officer's Quarters; the same as any USAF Base. He felt no desire to explore them. He, who had beaten a few hasty retreats in his time knew well what he would find: at best things very, very important one moment, useless the next, or worse, impediments, discarded. At its worst it could be a lot worse.
He continued up the central stairway and through another hatch. This one had been forced; the score marks were plainly seen and bolts had been removed from the mechanism. He looked up and saw the distinctive pockmarks of small arms fire in the ceiling and down, the same on the steps. Hmmmm. Firing weapons in a space craft, even one made of steel seems desperate. 
Glancing around the dark room greeted his lamps with returning flashes - computer screens, dials, gauges, the heart of an operations room. The black stains of pooled blood marked the floor and other marks of a bloody corpse being dragged away were clear on the grey deck.
The positions were arranged in a ring several yards from the outside wall, facing in. He started around. The functions were clearly marked with small placards: Pilot, First Officer, First Engineer, Navigation, 2nd Engineer, and Environment Systems.  Each had a small computer monitor, and keyboard, rows of dials and lights and swivelling chairs with five-point belts. He stopped at the Communications and Radar Systems position, but not out of professional interest. The console had been smashed by something heavy, intentionally probably, given the lack of other damage.  He completed his circle. A solitary chair was located near the Pilot's position - the Commander's chair, no doubt.  Off to one side was the Commander's Ready Room, the door closed. He pushed it open with his foot and entered.
It was small room - sufficient to the need - she would have said. A computer terminal was on a small table, with radio communications gear, both were smashed. A single chair, a cot - unmade, the pillow still bearing the imprint of a head. On the floor, a service pistol, its action to the rear. Pockmarks in the wall above the chair. Blood splatters? So this is where it had happened. A story was forming in his head. Why? What could be gained? What had he wanted that they could not do?
Papers on the table. A ballpoint pen. An overturned glass. Glass! He looked them over. A report of O2 consumption with numbers circled in red ink, several pages of dosimeter readings, a blue covered logbook, handwritten. He flipped through it. Many pages had been ripped out. What remained was a day by day record.  The early entries were largely technical, with the inevitable report of the joys and pains of weightlessness, then as routine settled in they fell off, with days skipped, it seemed. Near the last were notes of the growing image of Mars looming in the view-screens, then they again became concerned with technical matters.
The last date was more than two weeks before the landing. Pity. Nothing about the man, the adventure, the experience, the mutiny. Perhaps the Commander had removed them, to exonerate himself. Or others, to remove all traces of the unforgivable. Had it been a choice of stay and make do or return?
The official record said nothing of this. All deaths were due to the violence of the landing. What else could it have been?
He went through a moment of indecision, to keep it or not. Who would care? Who would profit?
He placed it back on the table. He sat on the cot, feeling the bounce. He got up and went into the Ops room. There was nothing else. No “We'll be back!” scrawled on the wall. No signs of violence, no signs of disorder. He looked around one last time and descended the spiral staircase. He looked at everything with new eyes, seeking some sign of what had gone on, seeing nothing. Whatever had happened had been swiftly and efficiently done.
Arriving on a darkened cargo deck he suppressed a moment of panic. The airlock door was closed, closed tight and seated against the jamb. With shaking hands he spun the wheel and was relieved to see the door open. He had failed to open the door to its fullest extent. Closing the inner door securely behind, he returned to the surface.
Somberly, he walked around the base of the ship seeing more signs of other visitors. The tracks of a small wheeled rover could be seen in the lee-side dust. It had been quite some time ago; dust-filled footprints were all around. Something had been painted on the hull in large red letters across the USAF emblem. He had to stand back to read it. “Bulls shit!” Well, they weren’t Americans!
He continued on and completed his circumnavigation of Orion.
Reluctant to leave without some keepsake, he picked through the piles of discarded waste. Among a heap of kitchen garbage he found a long metal chain made of beer can pull-tabs. He slung it over his shoulder and continued poking through the piles, in search of something unique, something that would perhaps reveal the identity of one of the crew. He found nothing of that sort and settled for the lid of a cardboard ration box, marked with the faded emblem of the Orion superimposed upon a red disk of Mars.
Alas, there had been only one pair of Orion-class ships. It had been said that mothers everywhere loved Orion, but they didn’t like the bombs. It had been both too early and too late; even in a world that had seen the use of tactical weapons and fallout from decades of unrestricted testing of atomic weapons. He took a last look around and returned to the Rollagon.
Without a mirror or picture frame, he draped the chain around the helmet of one of the envirosuits in the airlock. The box lid he placed with his other mementos.

Prologue

Science Editorial from the San Francisco Re-Examiner 
(1 June 1970)
Weapons in Space – a Historical Perspective

By now most of the world and hopefully everyone in America is aware of the impending launch of the USAF Orion nuclear-powered spacecraft from the Nevada Test and Training Ground en route to Mars with a crew of forty, including a number of scientists with specialties in space travel, space exploration and Mars. The mission, while being conducted by the USAF, is claimed to be peaceful. As the Secretary of Defence explained to yours truly at a briefing held at the San Francisco Naval Shipyards yesterday evening, attacking enemies from space is pure science fiction. ICBMs with their ability to strike within fifteen minutes or less from launch with extreme accuracy and with proven recall / redirection capability have seen to that, thankfully.
The use of nuclear bomb explosions (some four hundred are reportedly to be used) it is claimed will only marginally add to the global and particularly America’s background radiation level.  Were this a different world, one in which nuclear explosions have not been (and maybe never were) until recently an almost bi-weekly event, the increased levels might be deemed ‘significant’. However, their common use in the later days of WW2, in the battles for the liberation of Korea, between India and Pakistan, Chile and Argentina to ‘solve’ border disputes and by the USSR and in Panama for canal excavation and the currently on-going round of nuclear weapons testing in Nevada, Utah,  Siberia and China have made any delta probably insignificant. But not unnoticed.
Opposition from groups of persons opposed to this ‘desecration of Earth and its life’ have fallen on deaf political ears, here in America and elsewhere, and in particular, the USSR. There is simply too much at stake and too much at risk for global disarmament and an end to their use. The militarization of space is accepted by the great powers and has been since it became possible well over two decades ago. The price of freedom.
We may at some time in the future change our minds about this. One cannot foretell the future with any degree of certainty. If I could, I can assure you that I would not be Science Editor of this well-intended but small (in distribution, but not thinking) weekly newspaper.  Perhaps someday all of our planet’s co-inhabitants will be able to see, hear and perhaps feel the agony we are inflicting upon Mother Earth and more easily and perhaps more effectively share their opinions and feelings with each other and their respective governments.
Someday, perhaps, but not yet; not now. We’ll see how that goes.
Until then, Godspeed Orion.
Here’s to a successful mission and a safe return.
Godspeed.


CHAPTER 1 – NTTG - MAYBE

Latitude 37.14N
Longitude 115.30.40W
Common Name - Area 51
State of Nevada, USA

1 June 1970

It was a sunny day in Nevada, not all that uncommon, thankfully. The scene is the Control Tower. The Tower Controllers, a Captain USAF Air Traffic Controller and a Technical Sergeant (TSgt) B-Stand are well into a routine day; a routine day in which test aircraft, some of which purportedly did not even exist took off and landed, sometimes routinely, but disturbingly and often, under less than ideal situations. For them, safety was not primary; risks were required; risks and the consequences were to be accepted, analysed, corrected for and appreciated. For the Captain, who had served at four Air Bases previously, this place was special. No. Just different.
The intercom buzzed with a call from the Senior Radar Controller in the Ground Controlled Approach Section out on the field.
“Incoming traffic, Tower. Call Sign November 13403. Lima – 188 Charlie. VFR. Heading 240, well below MDA. Coming to you on Tower freq.”
The Captain reacted, “Copy that. He hasn’t called in yet.” 
He turned to the Sergeant, “A 188C? Not a lot of those puppies in our outfit. That one of ours?”
“Not listed, sir.”
Time passed as it must, but in the ATC world that is just tens of seconds, max.
“Well. Call home, friendly, will ya? And where the hell are you?” 
They looked around expectantly and were not disappointed.
Suddenly, without warning the plane, with USAF symbols clearly marked, flew over at high speed a mere hundred feet or so above the Tower and banked sharply to the north, maintaining its low level.
“Shit! Some of those guys just do not get it,” said the Sergeant, shaking his obviously perplexed head. 
“Yes. Not the first to buzz the area. They may need to restrict access to this whole area to keep out the sight-seers.”
“Yeah, but that guy’s no sightseer. He’s one of us!”
“Yes. Well regardless he’s off to see the Wizard of Orion. I don’t get it. Why? Why would you…”
“UFOs. They think we’re building UFOs here.”
“You’re joking.”
“Wait for it man. It’s coming. Big time. Don’t you read the papers, Cap?”
“You’re joking.”
“Yes.  I am, but they ain’t. And he ain’t the first. Last shift I sat three civvies flew in close without any clearance or notice. Didn’t even bother to give us a call-in. The Maj was pissed.”
Unhappily the Captain pulled his mike up to his face, “November 13403, November 13403. This is Tower Control. You are in violation of facility flight rules. Land immediately. I repeat. November 13403, you are to land immediately, runway 04. Cleared to land. No reported traffic.”
He waited a few endless seconds, then, “November 13403, respond. Respond.”

Well off to the north of the airfield several long miles away the monstrous Orion ship could be seen shining in the sun.  The aircraft, heading directly towards it and still low to the ground, went out of their sight.

Nothing heard, again, “November 13403, this is NTTG Tower Control, respond. Respond.” He picked up his binoculars and looked northwards.
Moments later a cloud of black smoke arose to the east of Orion.
The Captain sat down suddenly in his chair. There would be no response. From training, but not from any hope, he pressed the alarm.
“Shit!”
He pushed the button again and then picked up the phone to call the BATCO. “Hello Major.  It’s Captain Gifford here. We’ve just had a plane go down…out by the Orion site. Crash rescue is on their way…November 13403. Lima 188 Charlie… no idea yet but looks bad...no…never called in…wait one…FP says Syracuse Hancock New York…seven and crew of three…will do.”  He put the phone down. “Shit! How many times can you say shit!”
The Sergeant did not respond.
“Get Ops on the line and tell them we’re shut-down TFN.”
“Fifty one too?”
“Yeah. Them too.”
“Ack,” he paused. “You think the TSB will get to see this one?”
“You never know. You just never know. Get on it.”
“Will do.”

CHAPTER 2 – PERSONNEL ISSUES

2 Jun 1970

Lieutenant Colonel (Lt Col) Stephen Edwards, Commander of the Orion looked around the briefing room and took a deep breath.  He had thought these days were over, these round table discussions where rank, fluffing and puffing, economics and personal need often trumped engineering, necessity and common sense. Here we go. Again.  
Launch day could not come too soon for him. He exhaled silently and called the assembled multitude to order, nodding respectfully towards the ranking person at the table, Colonel Ira Asner, who also happened to lead the USAF’s Interplanetary Expeditionary Force’s (IEF) Orion team. The Colonel called for a moment of silence in recognition of the sacrifice of the five Orion technical personnel, of Captain White, who had been the Orion’s designated Communications and Radar Officer and the so-far nameless crew of N13403. He offered that the cause of the crash, while unofficially obvious and awaiting official investigation by the NTSB was not on the table. He did offer that NTSB involvement had been unavoidable in this case, due to wide-spread public knowledge of the Orion’s existence, its mission and its imminent departure.
Once that absolute necessity was over, the discussion turned to the impact of all this on Orion. Captain White and the others, all Tech Sergeants, had been returning from a training course on the radar and special purpose communication systems used on Orion.  Their knowledge was replaceable of course; the systems, with some few exceptions, had been in use for years. Their bodies however, were not. They had been selected almost a year before and had broken the bonds of Earth – meaning they had settled family and personal issues – or in other words, had committed to the mission, been trained on the unique challenges of space travel and were ready to go.
That Captain White was double-hatted as Edward’s Executive Officer and had thus been chosen to be second in command complicated things a bit.  That he had been a personal acquaintance did it further. Captain White had served on an aircraft carrier, two in fact and was familiar with the way things were done on Navy ships, something most airmen were not. Potentially valuable things had been learned. And while it was never formally discussed, everyone in the room and especially him had realized that the size of the ship, its organisation and in some ways the very mission itself was more in keeping with Navy ways and means than the USAF’s. But this was the IEF. This was new. To everyone.

They moved on at Colonel Asner’s pace and direction. He summarised their situation:  the mission was due to lift off in less than 30 days. Delay was possible, but each day of delay increased the number of bombs required and therefore reduced the already questionable safety margin. The options were therefore simple:  go or stay.
Heads nodded. Everyone in this room knew that plans were afoot over at NASA that would dissemble the USAF’s IEF space program and by extension, Orion. It had always been a longshot. The price of delay could not be underestimated nor ignored.
Point made, they, or rather Colonel Asner moved on. He asked if there were any others on the radar course. No, it turned out, there had just been their group and some Canucks, three or four, maybe. Were other qualified personnel available and ready to assume their positions?
“No. There are not,” someone offered.
“Wait,” someone else suggested. “Yes, there are. Some back-ups are still available, working in the Area’s workshops. Not our first choice, but they’ll do. We’ll have to go through it with them, though.”
Someone else advised, “But not enough to fill all the positions. And there is no one available to replace Captain White.”
The inevitable point arose from all the others, yet remained unspoken: surely an officer could be replaced by an enlisted person who was skilled in the technical side of things, and maybe would or could in the end, be of more help?
“Yes, perhaps,” Asner replied. All around heads nodded in agreement until it came to Edwards. 
“I need an Exec.” A plain and simple statement, but not well received by this mixed bag.
The inevitable point arose, this time from a chorus of voices, “Why?”  
“You have a skilled crew.”
“Yes. There’s no need for a co-pilot here.” Other’s nodded, quickly assenting. 
Colonel Asner’s head nodded slowly in something Edwards hopefully reflected was other than agreement. No mystery there, he thought, to himself. 
The inevitable answer was given by Edwards in a calm, leadership-styled voice mode that belied the outrage he actually felt at this intrusion, this rather late intrusion.
“The C of C. I need a 2IC. And if it was up to me, as you well know, I’d have at least one more technical officer. But we’ve already beaten that to a dry pulp.” He paused, hopeful the Colonel would end this. Nope
“So we need an Exec. And he is to be a communication and radar specialist, hopefully with a degree in electronic computational systems.” 
Heads nodded sagely.  Yes. It sunk in. Finally. Yes, but you never knew when.
Colonel Asner looked down and then away towards the door. 

“That’s it for now,” the Colonel announced. “Carry on as per the schedule. I’ll make a few calls and see if I can shake someone free. Meanwhile dig up those back-ups and keep things moving. Gentlemen.” A dramatic pause followed, “We are getting out of here. Make it so.” 
As the others left he looked at Edwards from across the table. He shrugged his shoulders, tipped his head and lifted an ear and one eyebrow in succession.  Not a good sign.

Edwards sat back down. The meeting had been brief and to the point. Maybe a little too brief and too much avoiding the point for his liking, but done was duty.

CHAPTER 3 – FILLING THE VOID

9 June 1970 

Step 1 – Opportunity Knocks

The records of interactions between heads-of-state via post and telephone and perhaps even intra-personal conversations are never documented and given the technical, personal and political difficulties of such, perhaps never will be. Suffice it to say that Prime Minister Camp did not initially appreciate the lateness of the call from not-a-personal-favorite-under-any-conditions, US President Barry Goldwater, but soon did. The offer to participate with little - indeed, virtually nil - financial investment accompanied by a potentially enormous gain in personal popularity was irresistible.  He waited until the am to call in the Minister of National Defence, who waited not a moment to call the Commander of MARCOM, who waited not a moment before he called the COs of Canadian Forces Base Shearwater and Atlantic Fleet Headquarters to give them direction. And so on, the words trickled down. And suffice it to say that the word was passed at more than the speed of rumour. Not a small achievement, even in the 1970s with all of its high tech wizardry.

Step 2 – Opportunities are presented

The same action as described below took place in a number of offices on several Canadian Forces Bases and indeed, with slightly altered circumstances in offices at Area 51, all within the same time span. The questions asked, the responses given, the manner in which the questions and answers which were given differed slightly of course, but the whole process could be characterised clinically, as follows:

Member enters office of Superior and pays compliments. Is told to sit.

Superior – “I understand you have just returned from a radar and comms course?”
Member – “Yes, sir.”
Superior – “How was it?”
Member – “Great, sir.”
Superior – “Something has come up. Something of national importance. You’ve heard about the USAF plane crash?”
Member – “Yes, sir. I knew some of those guys who were killed. They were on the course with us.  Can’t say I knew them very well though. Still…some nice guys.”
Superior – “Yes. Well the President of the United States has asked the Prime Minister if Canada can provide replacements. Your name came up. You’d be serving on that spaceship.  You know anything about that?”
Member – “Yes sir. They never stopped talking about it.”
Superior – “Well? Are you in?”
Member
1/ “Fuck yes! Oops. Sorry, sir! Yes sir!”
2/ “No sir! Family? You know? Sorry sir, but I just can’t.”
3/ “No sir. I am afraid of heights. Sorry sir, but I just can’t.”
4/“Fuck no! They’re all going to die! And they know it. Sir!”
Superior –
1/ “Great. Pack your kit. You leave tomorrow. And by the way, you’re being promoted. See your boss on the way out.
2/“Understood. Thanks for coming in. Let me know if you reconsider. They’re in a big hurry.”
3/“Understood. Thanks for coming in. Let me know if you reconsider. They’re in a big hurry.”
4/“Understood. Thanks for coming in. Let me know if you reconsider. They’re in a big hurry.”
Member – “Yes sir!”

That was the easy part. Next came the hard part.

Step 3 – The First Casualty

It was not the first time they had had this sort of discussion. She knew (of course) what he did, who he did it for (always) and why he did it (usually).
Often, but not always, it was based upon decisions and commitments made a long time ago, before they had even met that had to be lived up to. Extended duration temporary duty and postings to challenging places were a hard fact of life for them but something more to her. They marked the loss of a job (always), the loss of often hard-won friends (always), changes in schools for the kids (always), loss of the family doctor (always), the loss of everything in fact that made up what she called ‘home’, (always). You could get tired of that.
His leaving was always tough. It never got any easier. There was always a price to pay.
Loneliness, depression, increased stress. And the kids! No amount of telling, of rationally explaining the necessity, of focusing on the very importance of it could do it, especially for the younger ones. Eventually, (no always) they inquired: when is Daddy coming home? 
Up to this day there had always been a date, a point in time when he would be back. Back home. Sure, it was usually off by a few days, but somehow the kids had come to understand the vagaries of service life.
You took it. You put up with it. You accepted it. 
That is, unless you were willing to, for any number of reasons, to walk away. That was always an option. Walking away was always a possibility.
Many had. Many had not. Walking away was a decision never made without difficulties, without a price to pay. 
Friends, through a manner of sharing that was uncommon to many humans and inexplicable to most, who were almost family, helped. And sometimes they were more available, more predictable, more caring, more understanding and more supportive than one’s own family. Often they shared the difficult as well as the happy moments, like birthdays, anniversaries, promotions and postings. This bonded people. But sometimes, for some of them, it was not enough.
This was different. There was no end of date for this. And like war, something she had seen, felt, experienced with and through him, there was a ‘probability of death’ in this. 
She heard him out. She considered this one. This latest one.
It was tough.
Fed up. A good summary phrase. A good choice of words that spoke volumes and said little, revealed little.
Afterwards, she sifted through her feelings, all negative, seeking the cause of the negativity. Unlike war and foreign service tours, this time he was volunteering. He was choosing to walk away. Not from them. No. This time it was from her; from their family; from their relationship. And more.
Fed up was a good expression.
Well, this was her time to say goodbye. She would walk away.
In her heart of hearts she knew there was more love left for him. But love was not enough, she’d learned, to see the journey through. 
There was an imperceptible event horizon that sometimes hid unimagined/unimaginable endings.
And he would have to live with it. With all that implied. 
The price of paying court to Service.

CHAPTER 4 – THE CANADIAN CONTINGENT

13 June 1970

He met them at John’s Lunch on the Dartmouth side at noonish, not because of some military principle or protocol, but rather because the halibut tips and deep fried clams were great and the beer, Keith’s of course, was served icy cold. They filled the booth and needed an additional chair. The staff, friendly as always, noisily accommodated them. For a well-founded reason he looked at the diners in the adjoining booth and across the row. Locals. What could go wrong? Seriously?
It was planned for the three of them to leave together the day after tomorrow. He would follow a couple of days later.
Of course they had not seen each other since their return from the course and it took a few formal minutes getting reacquainted. And as usual, they insisted upon calling him sir or LT. It took a few tries and minutes but eventually they seemed OK with just ignoring the need to refer to him in any military way. From experience he knew that when needed it would resurface and indeed, would push its way to the front.  He knew their names, their units and jobs or at least, he thought he did. One was Navy, a Master Seaman Radio Technician; the other two were Radar Technicians (Nav Aids) Master Corporals from the air base at Dartmouth. All, to use a newish sort of phrase – were journeymen tradesmen. All newly promoted. All three had been expecting postings to units where their new skill sets would have been employed. So much for that. 
And all three had accepted the offer from their respective superiors, conditional upon passing medicals, etc. The usual.
They talked a while about the dead Americans. A couple of them had been nice guys, good drinking buddies, good story-tellers, hockey fans even - but not the Leafs or Habs, of course - who paid their share of the bar bill and had helped them eagerly when required with some of the more difficult and obscure details of the systems they’d encountered on the course. The others? They were about what you’d expect, eh?
Returning to themselves they told him something that was known to him, that none of them had ever worked on the APD and FPS radars, nor the somewhat weird communication equipment they had just seen. But as Alain - or Brain, as he preferred to be called for some reason – said, electronics is electronics, a tube is a tube, a magnetron is a magnetron, a servo is a servo, an ACU is an ACU, until Bruce, mercifully, put him in his place by reminding him about the existence of transistors and integrated circuits. 
He hoped they were right. His own specialty was computer systems engineering, not radar and comms. And he hoped they would never learn that his nickname in military college had been Punch-card Hinnie. Who needed that? Really? 
He’d better not get drunk with these guys; he might tell them himself just to get them to stop calling him LT, at least in bars.
The conversation stayed away from the personal, but he knew from reviewing their pers files that the Navy lad Alan was single with no personnel issues ID’d, so far. Alain was married; no kids; no issues obvious, so far. Bruce too was single and had no issues. Too easy. So much for them. 
He shared nothing about his own experience in dealing with the Admiral’s offer that had, unlike theirs, not been held out before him to accept or reject, but rather been jammed down his throat. Swallowing it whole meant yes. Gagging and throwing it up in the Admiral’s face, a face he had served under before on the Cree meant ‘No, I accept that my career is over’. Yes.
The Admiral was not known for a kind, compassionate approach to personnel selection. Part of the price.
Not surprisingly, like him, they knew little of Orion, especially the means of propulsion, the mission and the duration. None of them seemed too concerned at this shortfall of possibly important information and frankly, as they reminded him cheerily, it was not their job to fly the ship, clanking bottles together at the end for emphasis. They were there to take care of the radars and communications systems and had been relieved to learn, as he had only recently learned, that they would be working on the ship with USAF techs, aka specialists, whatever that meant, on the systems they had just seen in Syracuse.  
None seemed too interested in what would be his main job, the programming, care and feeding of Orion’s two D-37C mainframe computers.
“So what do you know about Mars?” he asked from mere curiosity.
“Red, dead and dry, according to the Encyclopedia Britannica,” offered Desharnais. “For a long time, too. Millions of years.” Heinz nodded in agreement.
But it went on, of course. How could it not. Beer!
“Yeah. Things are different ever since that Mariner 3 thingy went by and took those pictures. No vegetation, no water even. Just cold thin air and lots of ice. No canals. Nothing to support life. Just like Medicine Hat. In February!” Desharnais
“BS! That’s BS. There’s a cover-up going on. The government wants you to believe there’s no life there because of religion. But it’s everywhere on Mars. Wait and see. You’ll see I’m right.”
“Bruce!” Desharnais sneered, “Give me a break. That’s BS and you know it. It’s about the money.” Mackenzie held his piece. Amused, so did Heinz.
“No, dude! Politicians are afraid of losing votes if they support looking for life. Not just Mars. Anywhere. There’ve been lots of radio stations set up to listen and communicate with the Martians. And even far away stars. Jupiter, too. Look it up!” Swinemar. Of course.
“Look it up where? Up yer ass?”
“The National Host.  The Gloom and Doom. The New Gawker.” Swinemar laughed, “Look. I’m just ‘effing kidding guys. I can’t believe you got sucked in by that shit. The oldest trick in the book and you fell for it. What a goof! Dummies. ‘Effing dummies. But not you LT!”
“Thanks Bruce. But that Mariner 3 thing never happened. They faked the whole thing.” They looked at him the wrong way. All of them.
“What? I mean what, LT?”
“Just kidding.” They had a laugh over that. Beer: The great intellectualiser.
Finished with the food and the basics they paid their respective bills and went outside. They parted with hand-shakes, followed by hand salutes and goodbye LTs. Ah, tradition.

***
The next step for him? Pack a kitbag, sign his new will, pick up his papers and travel advance, say a final round of good byes and get to the airport. Simple enough.

CHAPTER 5 – AREA 51 - MAYBE

19 Jun 1970

Countdown - 10

At last they arrived. Heinz knew that they had arrived because there was a sign, badly sun-faded, to the right of the road in writing that became increasingly smaller as he read down.

Special Area 41
Admittance to Authorized Persons Only
Dept of Defence Security Act
One Hundred Percent ID Check Required
Photo ID Required
Trespassers are Subject to Imprisonment
Unauthorized Persons May be Shot on Sight

The vehicle stopped at a gate with a train-style barrier down. A tired looking MP toting a tired looking rifle approached the vehicle. Another with weapon slung at the shoulder, watched the proceedings from the window of the booth. A third was on the phone. He expected the worst. Why not? After all… 
The guard approached the vehicle, a 'stop' hand upraised.
"Hi Tom. How you doing?"
"OK, man. Hot though, eh?"
"Man, ain't it? You're lucky you're in there. Try standing outside for nine hours, man. What ya got?"
"LT here is Canadian. Lieutenant Navy H Heinz. Joining some sort of mission thing."
"Hi LT. You got papers?"
"Yes. I do." He could not fathom the rank insignia. America.
He reached into his satchel and pulled out his travel warrant, two pages that authorized him to travel at Canadian Government expense and little more, but which did at least show his destination.  He crossed his fingers, sort of, and passed them to the driver. The MP scanned them quickly.
"I don't know. These are just Canadian papers. You got anything official? American? Anything that says you are authorized to enter?"
He had dreaded this moment from the second he had routinely and easily passed through US Customs in Boston. He pulled out the bundle he'd been handed at Langley, suddenly wishing he had bothered to read it over and handed it to the driver.
"Yes. It's all in there. Everything is in there." Surely it was all in there…
The MP handed back his travel orders, took the bundle and leaning his rifle against the car door, fanned the papers with his thumb. "Sheesh. This is going to take a few. Wait here." 
He looked at the driver and shrugged his shoulders. "Sorry Tom."
"Hey. You gotta do what you gotta do."
The MP turned and went into the shack, returning a few moments later to retrieve his rifle. He grinned sheepishly at the driver and turned away.

***
They sat for five, then ten, then 20 minutes and then he stopped counting. It got increasingly hotter as they sat.
"No AC?" he asked.
"AC? AC hammers the gas mileage. We don't use AC. It's stuff like that that's ruining the planet. You got AC in Canada?"
He paused and considered, "Er. Umm. No. Of course not. It's just that it's a lot hotter here out in the desert than it is in Moncton. Er, Canada. You know?"
"Yeah. I know LT. I know. I've been to Philadelphia. That's almost Canada."

They had to move to the side, twice. Once to allow a transport truck to enter; the other to let a vehicle with a pizza logo dominated by a smirking Grey’s face on the side pass though. The driver was waved on without stopping, peace signs flashing on both sides.
"The pizza guy has access? He just drives through?" He couldn't help but react.
"Hey. Everyone knows Miguel. Everyone. What could possibly go wrong? I bet that pizza is going to Ops. It usually is."

***
They waited. Forty-five minutes later the MP returned. "I called and they say it's OK. But I got bad news for you. This is the wrong place. It says you're to go to Area 51."
"Oh yeah. Damn! I knew that! Sorry!" offered the driver. "Well. We'll be on our way. I have to pee first though. Long drive. You may want to go too, LT."
The MP looked inside, "Yeah. Sorry LT. And by the way? Those guys on the gate there? They're not like us. They’re real dicks. You could be in for a long wait."
He groaned, inwardly of course. He smiled back, "That's OK guys. I will take you up on that offer to pee though."
"Yeah. Tom can come inside but you'll have to go behind the shack, LT. Sorry."
He groaned outwardly and got out.

In what seemed like total compensation for this, they breezed through the gate at Area 51. They had been expecting him and apologized for the mix-up and delay.

"Oh well." What else could you say?

CHAPTER 6 – TIME SPENT IN RECCE IS SELDOM WASTED

Countdown – 9, 8, 7

It was just nine days before the scheduled launch date before Lt (N) Heinz arrived and several days later before he met anyone associated with the Orion, or the mission of the ship itself.
Some of his Day 1 time was spent of course in finding Headquarters aka HQ, ‘reporting in’ it was called, aka ‘finding out where things, your job and people are’, then settling into his room in Temporary Quarters which turned out to be a pre-fab building next to what he soon learned was the so-called ‘Launch Simulator’, a noisy contraption that ran 24/7 that he was never personally introduced to but which he learned about from the other ‘Canners’ as they were being called, that certain aspects made it necessary - and apparently advisable - to empty one’s bladder before entry. He never had to figure that one out for himself. Until it was too late.
He was uncomfortable to say the least with the lack of a process and assigned staff to introduce him and the other Canners to the Orion mission. Surely this late in the game he surmised, someone should have been leading them around, showing them things and introducing them to the people with whom they were going to spend a significant portion of a stressful and possibly tentative life.
Later, in a moment of extreme candor, the Commander, whom he had not as yet met informed him that the participation of the Canadians had been resisted until the last moment by some parties, with their involvement only being confirmed and – no offence apparently intended – accepted as ‘unavoidable’, at the last possible moment. That explained it all.

***
There being no other way it seemed he went back to HQ and inquired re the location of the others in the ‘Canadian Contingent’, as the messages he had seen had referred to them. It turned out that they were just across the ‘street’ in another temporary building – the Other Ranks Temporary Quarters. 
By now there was something in the design of the buildings, the entire place in fact that stood out from the normal world’s military bases. Simply put everything was partially built into the ground and the windows facing the launch site were small and heavily built. There were flat panels, hinged, that could be lifted up to create a sloping surface too. 
Temporary they may have been but built to survive they were too. Blast proof?
And, there being no other way to get in touch with them, he went into their quarters inquiring with each person he met, all Other Ranks (OR), some of whom through body but not spoken language informed him that his presence here was unusual, unwanted and so on, as to where the Canadians were.
Yes. Officers in OR quarters was not a jolly thing, in any universe’s military. Regardless…
Finally he met someone who knew and was willing to share this apparently highly sensitive information with him. 
The Senior Airman who took him there banged heavily on the door and announced with a note of glee in his loud voice, “Hey Canners. Get your shit together. You got a visitor,” and walked away seemingly pleased.
Heinz thanked him for this feat and got a nod back with a final, “Eh. No sweat LT. Did time in North Bay.”
Master Seaman (MS) Mackenzie, clothed appropriately in issue tee shirt and boxer shorts, opened the door and greeted him with a slight smile and a hearty welcome, “Hey LT, come on in. Excuse the mess.”
‘Mess’ was an appropriate term and confirmed why these quarters were, at least in the Navy, inspected regularly and frequently by Petty Officers, but seldom by officers. He saw pizza boxes emblazoned with the smiling face of that ‘Grey’, empty and full beer cans, pop cans, clothing items spilling from kit bags littering the deck. When had it ever been any different?
Swinemar, who was in full recline on his bed reading a Playboy magazine, sat up, set it aside and grinned at him. “I just read the articles on technology, LT!”
“Sure you do. All night, with your head under the covers,” Alain retorted.
Heinz laughed, “Look. We need to talk. Is there someplace we can go? Some place fit for human lifeforms to sit?”
“Yes,” the MS replied. “There is a TV room down the hall. Give us a few a minutes to get squared away and well meet you there. Sir?”
“OK.” 
He left and went down the hall to a side room conveniently labelled ‘TV Room’ that was mercifully empty. The TV was on, a re-run of Star Trek there for all the otherwise empty room to see. Kirk, in command mode, was speaking with Spock and Bones. 
Entranced, as always, he plunked himself down in a seat. It immediately went to commercial. 
Star Trek.
Sometimes Heinz felt he had learned more about leadership from watching this show than any course that he had been on or OJT. 
Especially how not to act. And from discussion with others, too many others it seemed, he was not alone in this. Yes he, and many others but not all, refused to stare off into the distance needlessly, to wave their arms about madly and to pause…dramatically…except when it helped…improve…the… situation. Still, many aspects of leadership were not openly discussed. Sometimes, it seemed, you either ‘got it’ or, you didn’t.

And “Command does have its fascination…,” was an observation not dealt with in anything he had experienced to date. But Spock’s assertion that “It simply exists,” seemed to miss the teaching point.

And now back to our show,

Bones, “There you go again Spock, with your high and mighty Vulcan ethics. Judge, judge, judge. It’s all you do.  What could possibly go wrong with it? We should do that. In our universe, we should do that age reversal thing. God knows we’ve done that getting old and back to young thing before. It was on…”

Kirk, “Yeah, Spock. What could possibly go wrong?  Surely you don’t think…they have come all this way to…risk their lives in something that may…not…work? Dedicated scientists of the highest ethics…all working to better all…of humankind? You know…the kind?”

Spock, “Yes, Captain. I know the kind. What could possibly go wrong, besides everything? If I were here I would flee to the furthest corners of this planet to avoid these narcissistic people and their economic-return-based scientific research.”

And so on.

A few minutes later they arrived. With a degree of hesitation Heinz turned off the set.
“I hate that bullshit show,” someone said.
“Yeah. Phony.”
“But some are good.  That Yeoman Janice can shine my boots any time she wants.”
“Yeah! Get in line, Corporal!”
“Have you ever heard Klingon spoken by the original Shakespearian actor?”
He called them back to reality. They sat in a rough circle about ten feet apart.
“What have you been doing since you got here? Has anyone been aboard the ship? Have you met your coworkers?”
The answers were somewhat reassuring. It had begun the day of their arrival. Yes, they had been introduced to the section heads they would be working for, one of whom was a captain – a pilot, aircraft type unknown. Yes, they had been given a tour of the ship and had been provided with instructions re the organisation of the ship. They had attended briefing sessions where they had rehearsed what they referred to as launch, space, landing and emergency modes of operation of the ship. And yesterday they had been to the launch simulator. That had apparently been interesting.
“You get in something like Ferris wheel chair, strap yourself in and hang on. It starts slow. You get pulled up about 15 feet, get dropped and over and over again, each time a little faster until it happens about every second.” 
“Two seconds, is more like it.” 
“Ear defenders have to be worn and for a good reason.” 
“Don’t bring a coffee cup in.” 
“They say it’s as close to the real thing as it can get, except for the noise.”
“Yeah.”
That explained everything. They asked him about himself. He lied, but for a good reason.
“Yes. Same for me. But I haven’t actually been in the launch sim.” What was going on here? Why hadn’t he…?
He asked and they talked. About their supervisors. About the living arrangements for them on board Orion. About more importantly, how their co-workers seemed to feel about the mission and its prospects. That was fruitful.
“I think they think we’re not spacemen, just comms people. All of us.”
“A lot of guys have said that nobody has ever done this before, but they don’t seem to be worried about that part.” 
“How do you feel about going up in an untested ship?” he asked. That led on.
“How do you test a thing like this?”
“It either works or it doesn't! It's a one-time deal!” True. Too true.
“We'll all be heroes or angels so what can we lose?”
“Do your job. That’s all.”
“Flying that thing is someone else’s job.”
“Accept the risks and the possibilities.” The Captain had evidently said that, repeatedly.
Heinz listened intently as it went on. He wished out loud for a beer and they brought a dozen. That helped.
As they relaxed, it became clear to him that despite the extended training session and the necessary show of commitment to a somewhat risky mission, there was a gap – the common gap between support and operations personnel.  They didn’t seem to get it. ‘Accept the risks’. ‘Accept the possibilities.’ 
And disturbingly, if what he assumed from what he had just heard was correct, neither, apparently, did the USAF crewmen. Interesting.
When the beer ran out, he left. It was time.

***
Two more days passed. 
No one troubled him with miscellaneous requests, made demands upon his time to read this, prepare that, or made any intrusions upon his privacy. 
He read descriptions of the Orion, its systems and the plan for the overall mission; whatever was available in the TV room and hallway of his quarters. Not a good sign. No. Not good at all.

***
Science Editorial Article from the London Tower Times
(21st June 1970): Daedalus – Just Keep Away From The Sun

By now most of Great Britain and perhaps the world are aware of the launch of the British nuclear-propelled spacecraft Daedalus from the Falkland Islands launch site on a mission to outer space last Wednesday, witnessed by Prince David and Princess Barbarella from the Royal Yacht. The craft is to enter orbit around Mars and while awaiting the recovery of the American crew of the spaceship Orion is to conduct an extensive survey of the surface looking for minerals, water, ice and methane and to hopefully once and for all satisfy the long-standing question – does life exist on our planetary neighbours? 
The space program has not been without its critics. Opposition in the House of Commons has been centred on the lack of benefit to British Industry due to the rather large involvement of the United States and Japan in supplying technical expertise and indeed, the manufacturing of major components of the spacecraft. Defence critics, commenting on the current government’s lack of adequate expenditures on much needed military equipment such as submarines and aircraft carriers all to be built in Britain, have been quite vocal in their opposition.
This writer supports this view wholeheartedly. This mission, which British Industry contends is well within our ‘home grown’ capabilities, is worthwhile and would have proven beneficial to us. 
And as a side point, there has been a movement, albeit a rather small and unfocused one, railing against the use of nuclear ‘bombs’, as this group has chosen to refer to the means of propulsion utilized by Daedalus, claiming that this will result in the end of humankind.
Ridiculous it is. If one believes that we are ruining the planet – by causing it to overheat at some point in the foreseeable future, one might as well press that we shut down the coal-fired power plants and ‘heavy industries’ such as automobile manufacturing, upon which we are totally dependent for our quality of life. 
All one need do is go down to the Channel and stick one’s foot in the water to see the foolishness of this supposition.

Carry-on Daedalus. 
Let us raise a pint to a successful mission!

CHAPTER 7 – ORION, THE SHIP

Countdown - 6
The Hangar Deck
Sitting in his room pondering the current day’s lack of activities just six days before the scheduled launch he decided to take it upon himself to explore the ship. Afterall he reasoned, the sooner the better and there was nothing he wasn’t going to see dozen of times at close range, eventually and possibly under pressure.
It seemed to make sense. He tossed the all-too-short somewhat technical description - a newspaper release? - of the Orion he had found by the hallway phone onto his bed and looked out the window. Yep. He would go. What could possibly go wrong?
He debated with himself the type of dress to wear. Conceivably an S3 dress uniform could ease things if someone questioned his presence, but looking it over here and now he concluded that there just wasn’t enough gold on a naval lieutenant’s uniform to impress anyone. You could, he recalled with a chuckle, be easily confused with the most junior Maître d’ of a Vegas Hotel. He went with Base Dress #4, aka Work Dress.
Why, he wondered though, was he really doing this? Experience had told him that it took years to learn all the foibles of a ship, any ship, even those of the same class and he was going to get those years on Orion. 
But yes, each and every one had its idiosyncrasies, differences and improvements that had been implemented over the many years it took to produce all of the ships of the class. And often one only became aware of the differences at critical times: one reached in and the box was not where expected; the cable was labelled differently; the control was on the top instead of bottom. Most times it was just an annoyance, an inconvenience, but sometimes… So that was why.

***
He walked over, passed through the access control gate with a cursory check of his ID card - but nobody else’s - by a bored looking guard and joined the throng of whom he assumed were workers heading for Orion.
He approached all the while trying to blend in with the crowd who, from their language, were largely composed of Hispanics and whom he assumed from the equipment they were carrying were the ones doing the clean and prep of the hull. They moved loosely and noisily towards the scaffolding that surrounded the ship.
Surprisingly there was no further security presence.
Upon reaching the scaffolding the workers continued up to their appointed tasks while he, curious about the launch facilities, circled around the base. 
The ship, which was going to receive its initial push from a conventional explosion, was inserted into an enormous concrete tube. As a result the propulsion stage was hidden from view. The tube itself was by rough measure three yards thick – enough for one launch certainly and hopefully, but multiple launches would, he guessed, perhaps be pushing things.
Arriving back at the scaffold entrance he started up.  About 5 yards up he arrived on what he had just read was referred to as the ‘Hangar Deck’.  A very large door, currently and fortunately raised permitted access and an extendable ledge a yard or so wide jutted out from the ship. Very convenient, he supposed if one wanted to stand here and look about idly. We’ll see. Probably have to wait in line.
Glancing about he entered, immediately encountering the two Crew Return Vehicles, aka CRV.  Bullet shaped, rail-mounted and stubby winged they looked like something from the Buck Rogers TV series. The hull was about 12 yards long, four high and fitted with three tubular rocket engines. He resisted the urge. The wings themselves were rear-swept and almost half was aileron. The three stubby tail parts - elevators, were they or rudders? - appeared to rotate on shafts. The names were painted with a stylistic swoop: Tars Tarkus and Gozava. Famous Greek pilots? Probably not. This was, afterall, the good ol’ US of A.
Awe inspiring they were not; functional, he hoped, they were, for they were not emergency escape vehicles used to delay the inevitable. No, they would be used to bring the crew up to the Daedalus in orbit near Deimos, awaiting Orion’s crew for the return to Earth.   A pair of small darkened windows at the front gave away nothing. Looking up he saw a lifting crane attached to the ceiling, chain operated. The CRVs were not positioned under it. Hmm. Of course. 
Some heavy lifting was in store – possibly, depending upon time, place and circumstance. As usual. Deal with it!
His inspection was interrupted by the arrival of three workers bearing paint cans and rollers, their arrival announced only by their laughter as they approached. They nodded in his direction, then lowered the door. He watched, interested. The door closure mechanism was chains too, similar to an overhead garage door, which upon reflection, functionally at least, it closely resembled. At the last possible moment and with not inconsiderable risk the third man slid under the door to the outside.   Heinz yelled a warning and started towards the door, which stopped with a solid wump and clank a full yard short. Ah. The ledge. An old word with a new meaning.
Closing, he noted, was one thing; sealing however was entirely another, requiring numerous and large levers to be pulled down to hold the door against its seal. Save that for later.
He turned his attention back to the Hangar Deck.
At deck level the hull wall was lined with green O2 bottles three deep; no need to guess why there. He went over. Yes they were green and labelled O2, but upon closer examination he found that there were around the wall in groups others, also green but labelled CO2, Nitrogen, Acetylene and Helium. Some labelled CO2 were marked differently, red/green, even from each other. Some stood alone, but most were connected via piping that ran off to the nether parts of the ship. Hmmm
He moved around the CRVs to the center of the room to look over the two four seat rovers. Solar panels, of course. Upon cursory examination, the wheels were of an odd design – interwoven metallic strips. What, rubber wasn’t good enough? Ha’h! As if!  
Tiller steering, pedals on the floor and of all things, a parking brake.  What! No brake lights? No fog lights? Oops. Yes, there were.
Extending from the near center, two flat bulkheads went to the outer hull each fitted with a sliding door of modest size with very small portholes at the middle. There was a very good reason for that he assumed. At last something looked familiar; they could have been from any of the ships he had served on, although they were considerably larger and better sealed.  
He cranked the handle of a small wheel, moving the door up until he could squeeze in, letting it roll back down.  
Further out against the port-side wall was another door, to the airlock.  He opened it and saw an airlock, and one that was surprisingly small, all considered. To the left a solid looking door with a small porthole opened into space. On the opposite side was another door giving access from the storage and maintenance room side.  Hanging on the wall were three spacesuits, dark helmets capping them. There were ‘chaffing suits’ to wear over the pressure suits, in different colours. Why?
For identification, probably, he surmised. There were four colours, probably for the expected maximum of four crew members to be off ship at one time; then nobody could get lost. The bright colours would give high visibility. 
An imagined companion who sounded and acted like Master Corporal Swinemar spoke in his ear, “Yeah right, dude. If no one minds looking like a carnival balloon!”  But Mars was apparently pretty drab.

He re-did the annoying wheel thing and slid through to the other side. Won’t be long before they’re leaving them wide open.
The word huge got a sudden and significant update. Yes, huge was suddenly a good word. The ship was huge. And less than half of it was currently above ground.
This room was wide-open and full of equipment – tanks, piping, motors and fans, large metal boxes, all secured to the deck and much of it on rails that extended up the outer wall.  It was, to coin a phrase, very ship-like. Lighting was ample, standard issue frosted white bulbs with protective wire shields. Conduit, cables, ducting, everything visible, nothing hidden just for the sake of appearance. Yes. Very ship-like. 
Yes, accessibility could be a time and life saver. No ‘effing Jefferies Tubes on this puppy. As least not yet. Maybe?
And there, in a metallic bulge on the hull was the enclosure for one of the radar systems, one of three. And on the opposite side, another.  He had read however, that they were inaccessible from within the ship. That may be a problem. Or not. 
More spacesuits hanging on the wall. Eleven by count. Fourteen so far.

The Main Deck
Having satisfied his curiosity re the Hangar Deck he looked over to the stairwell. There were two choices, of course: go down through a hatch to the propulsion section, or up. He went up. 
The spiral staircase was located at the middle of the ship. Large by most standards, the ladder or rather ‘the stairway’ was however, the only way, apparently, to move people and things from deck to deck. Hmm. A single exit? Could be a problem in an emergency.
With a greater than normal riser it was therefore steep which was a factor now but would not be in space. The treads were non-slip metal, quite wide and at the outer limits there was room for two persons to stand while waiting to go up, or down. A handrail encircled.  He leaned in towards the support column and could see far above. 
He could hear them now, and by them meaning the designers – “What could possibly go wrong?” Well, where could you run to on any ship? It wouldn’t be long, even on a ship this size, before you had to stand and fight whatever the threat was that had caused you to flee. And later, under less than ideal circumstances he was to learn that each deck had another hatch but no stairway connected them, for use in space if and when necessary.
Climbing through the open hatch from the staircase was awkward, requiring one to move to the center to pass through, since the hatch with a small window was half the staircase width and in the center.  Easier while floating about in space no doubt.
He found himself on what the sign said was MD Level 1, a comparatively small circular room with oblong hatches leading off at regular angles.  Over each were signs, ‘Mess Hall’, a combined ‘Recreation/Radio Room’, ‘Officer's Quarters’, etc. Pretty much the same as any USAF Base.  Intrigued he checked out the Recreation/Radio Room. 
It was large. And odd. The outer wall had four large doors, barred and locked, giving access to what, he could only imagine at this point. Storage? Hydroponics for air quality and growing fresh food? And flowers?
A rack of radios, some familiar to him, was standing against the wall. He looked it over, bending awkwardly to do so. HF, VHF, UHF. That was it. That was enough.
A pair of chairs fronted a desk, bolted to the wall which faced an operator’s console, with mikes and headsets attached. Along the wall were comfy chairs, a couch, a TV and a music console. What! Sure! 
There was also a 16mm film projector and a deck mounted screen. And along the walls several boxes marked ‘Cigarette Disposal’.  Really? Well why not?
Everything was bolted to the deck and on the ‘outside’ wall were pre-drilled holes to affix them to when the ship was in space. Obviously this room would be unoccupied during launch, as everything was, in a phrase he suddenly made up – space mode. A good phrase. That left what? Launch mode? Landing mode? Sure Henry. You’re defining this for all time!
Whatever else the label implied this was not a radio room for Ops. It was more likely to allow them to ‘call home’.  He went back out into the hall.  
The Mess Hall was likewise in space mode with everything on rails and again with the four locked doors on the outer wall. There was only one room, implying no separation by rank. They would all dine and socialise together. Social Centre was a better phrase, maybe? 
Intrigued he looked in the fridge. Empty, but cold. The cook would prepare the meals somehow; they would dine, supping from bags. Possibly that would change when the ship was rotating. Here we go! Glories of space travel!
He went back out into the hall.  Officer’s Quarters, Warrants and SNCOs and the others were identical; all currently in launch mode. He noted that while rank had its privileges, a private room was not one of them; at least not here. But the CMS’ Quarters had a single bed.  Oh well. Why not? 
Satisfied for the moment he went up to MD Level 2. Nothing but Crew Quarters and storage. Immense. Likewise MD Level 3. Immense. Lots of room for expansion. 
He was just going to have to get over it.  It was big. Bigger than it need be.
The hatch above was closed. It took a few frustrating moments of turning the handle and pushing but finally he found the switch located affixed to the stairway.  A motor purred and the hatch opened up into a dark space.

The Bridge Deck
The dark room was lit by the flashes – from computer and radar CRT screens, brightly lit dials, gauges and other such things as were the heart of any modern operations room highly dependent upon electronic technology.  He located a light switch on the deck near the hatch and rotated the control up to full brightness.
The positions were arranged in a ring several yards from the central stairwell, in launch mode. He started around. The functions were clearly marked with small placards: Pilot, First Officer, First Engineer, Navigation, and 2nd Engineer/Environment Systems.  The Science 1 and NAV positions made sense to him. After all…consider the mission. But the allocation of two positions for security did not. Each had a small computer monitor and a keyboard with a trackball, rows of dials and lights and swivel chairs with five-point belts. 
He stopped at the Communications and Radar Systems position, mainly out of professional interest. Likewise the radio consoles were of the same basic standard config. A TSC-43. A KY-38. A KY-57 VINSON. Crypto. Interesting. Well he’d damn well better be interested.
He recognised the radar system monitors and controls of course: the APD-11 side-looking surface mapping radar of which there were two mounted on the outside wall of the Hangar Deck hull to be deployed when needed he supposed and a single FPS-16 tracking radar under the ship’s radome, just above his current position. And of course, against the wall were the two D-37Cs. Save that for later.
A solitary chair was located near the Pilot's position; the Commander's chair, no doubt.  Off to one side was the Commander's Ready Room, door closed.  
He pulled it open and entered, stopping partway in. Restricted Area?
He intruded. You never knew when…
It was a relatively small room – but probably designed with need in mind. A computer terminal was on a small table, with UHF and HF radio communications gear. No crypto. That was interesting. Yes.
A single chair, a cot – neatly made.   So this is where it will happen. The mission assessed; the difficult decisions made; the choices made that could change or even end the mission. Or could result in the loss of lives. Or save them.
A couple of ballpoint pens and pencils sat in a drinking glass. There were papers scattered about the table.  At his limits of propriety he looked them over: a report of projected O2 consumption with numbers circled in red ink, a page of dosimeter readings and a blue covered logbook.
He flipped through it. It was blank. Wait for it!
He’d better start his own.
On the desk was a calendar, the proposed launch date circled in red. There were other dates circled in red too. Birthdays? Anniversaries? 
Well you never knew. And maybe you shouldn’t. Unless?
Yes. He was intruding.  He stopped looking and left.
He looked up the stairway. At long last and somewhat inevitably all in all a song came to mind. Play Stairway!!! 
Would that be the Ship’s March? Well, not without some changes to the crew compliment, that’s for sure!


The Stairway to Heaven
The stairway up led to Level 2, which contained mostly storerooms full of electronic parts including spare CRTs, electronic test equipment - thank God for someone’s foresight - spare power supplies and receiver and transmitter modules for the radars and radios, and lo and behold, a washroom.  Much needed, it turned out, he reflected as he seated himself.
Pooping in space. And peeing. Who knew? 
Well, somebody did because the instructions, posted on the wall of the ridiculously small stall were long and complicated and included an advisory to wear a mask and avoid breathing. It was easier to operate that Airborne Piece of Dirt than it was to operate this toilet, even here parked on Earth. Oh well.
They’d all learn soon enough, he surmised. Or else.
And, it occurred to him that this better not be the only one on the ship or there’d be a lot of stairway traffic up here, especially on Friday nights and weekends. So maybe that is why there are two security stations?
Essential business taken care of he continued up. Level 3, the ceiling unexpectedly low, was likewise dedicated to the storage of tech stuff. That the hull width had decreased substantially was obvious to the eye as long as one could see both of the outside walls. Yes. He guessed it was less than half the diameter of the Hangar Deck. 
The stairway ended at a smaller than expected hatch.  He found the switch and opened it.  Surprisingly, it was quite warm inside. 
The black radome material and the southern sun made that a fact of life.  There was just room enough under the dish for him to sit. The radar antenna could be moved about ten degrees off center in any direction by servo motors if necessary though it shouldn’t be he considered, but that was it.  The space was supposed to remain pressurised, but considering it led the way into space that was another of those ‘we’ll see’ things. 
A common expression when one went where no man had gone before.  Meteors? Space dust? Seagulls? Yes. Anything was possible. Space humour. A difficult concept. 
The electronics were all Mil-Std connected and in sealed boxes with large metallic cooling fins affixed to the sides. 
Repair in space? Well, considering how difficult it had been for him to get in here in Base Dress, it was not likely to be easy in a suit. Ah Engineers. Who needs em? 
Well actually? Everyone and thing in space.
With a last look around, he closed the hatch, locked it down and descended to the Bridge Deck, stopping to pee again. Then, feeling hungry he left and returned to his quarters to prepare for the evening meal. 

CHAPTER 8 – ORION, THE MISSION

Countdown - 5

In the afternoon of the following day, bored and somewhat annoyed he had fallen asleep on his bed while reading an exciting USAF Technical Order on the D-37C and was awakened by a gentle tap-tap-tapping on the door of his room. Outside were two stern-faced MP’s who informed him they were there to bring him to the ‘Commanding Officer’. Too late to change into S3s he grabbed his beret, checked his shoes and followed them out. Should have seen this coming. Damn!

***
Upon arrival at another temporary building - were there any other kind here? - the CO turned out to be Lt Col Edwards, the Orion Mission Commander.
Entering the Commander’s office, Lt (N) Heinz paused just inside and as he was wearing his beret, saluted in the customary manner. As was evidently customary too, it went unacknowledged. 
Lt Col Edwards rose and came around his desk to take Heinz’s hand in a firm shake.  They were soon alone. Edwards shut the door to his office.
“Welcome to Area 51. Welcome to Orion,” Edwards said and gestured to a pair of side by side chairs. “Relax. Have a seat. Shed your cap.” 
Heinz pulled it off and held it in both hands, twirling it between his fingers in the long established and traditional way of nervous military people. “Thank you, sir. A pleasure to be here, sir.”
“Sure. I’m sure it is.  Let’s get down to business. Your first name, if I may call you by that? And stop that sir stuff, at least for now, at least not in every sentence for God’s sake, please. This is serious shit.”
“Henry. Just Hank will do, actually. I understand, Colonel.”
“Well Henry, this is totally unexpected and while I have no doubt about your competencies at your job, I’m sure you can understand how these last minute changes complicate something that is already complicated.”
“Yes, of course.” Lt (N) Heinz answered.
“So what have they told you? About the mission, the ship, your job? Er, jobs?”
Lt (N) Heinz did not share his annoyance; instead he ducked. He limited his comments to the obvious and public facts of the mission. And, in the belief that he had been observed poking about the ship, he told about his experience of touring the ship alone. Tellingly, Lt Col Edwards nodded and did not press. Instead he spoke of other issues. Something is going on here.  
It wasn’t long before it came around.
“Well, let me be the first to congratulate you on your promotion, Lieutenant Commander Heinz. Or should I say, Leftenant Commander?” He reached in his pocket and pulled out two sets of shoulder flashes, epaulettes, for Base Dress. Surprisingly, they were correct.  
Heinz wondered what the shipping cost had been.
Lt (N) Heinz was speechless, for about two seconds. “Thank you, sir. Or should I say, thank you?”
Lt Col Edwards got it and grinned broadly.  Then from nowhere he pulled out a black ball cap emblazoned in gold with the letters ‘Orion’ across the front panel and the correct scrambled eggs for a Royal Canadian Navy lieutenant commander on the bill.
LCdr Heinz returned the smile and took the cap, turning it in his hands. “I suspected they might do this,” he responded, “but these days you never know. Strange, though. That they left it to you?” The final say perhaps? Of course it was.
“Yes. Strange it is when space is involved. You just never know. My Russian friends – the space program guys, I mean? They say the same thing. At least they do when alcohol is involved. But done is done. Congrats. Well done and so on. I have another set of shoulder flashes by the way. And another ball cap.” 
Edwards paused briefly, “So, on to business?”
“Yes. To business.”
“It has been accepted and confirmed at all levels that you and your associates are going on this mission. Their jobs will be exactly what they’ve been told and expect. Techs, working on technical gear with other technicians.” Heinz nodded.
“You, however, in addition to your duties with the DC-37 programming and such, will have another job. Potentially one that is more challenging. More demanding.” 
Heinz nodded inquisitively. Then…
“As…”
“As my Executive Officer. Effectively the second in command. No, correction. You will be second in command. In fact, you are already my second in command. The necessary papers have been approved here and in Canada.” 
LCdr Heinz stared at Lt Col Edwards.  This part was unexpected. But acting the part would kick in soon. In fact, it started immediately.
“Interesting.  I am familiar with the job.  On many ships and on a sub I worked closely with the Executive Officer. I even did the job for months sometimes. While the right guy got moved in?” 
Edwards nodded in understanding.
“Yes,” LCdr Heinz went on, “Demanding is a good word. But on the Orion? How does the job of Executive Officer play out?”
“You are Navy. You have a different understanding than most airmen of…I hate to say it but…simply put it is…of how these things work. A mission for one element is not the same as a mission for another. In the USAF we don’t take our cooks and clerks with us on operational missions. Nor usually our technical people. But in the navy, any navy…do I need to go on? Commander?”
“Not as long as you get it, Colonel. But…I’m not…”
“Well, the fellow you are replacing was an airman of long standing and from his carrier service was well respected by his Navy friends and co-workers, both pilots and naval ops. He got it. He tried to tell me, usually over a beer, about the differences in the way things are seen; the way people act or should act when everyone’s life is on the line; when everyone goes out – when no one stays home and is waiting on the tarmac for you to return. They too see the whole, terrible, frightening thing of war. It is unavoidable. And it changes things. Actions must sometimes be taken that are perhaps unthinkable to some.”
“Aye.” But air bases are attacked. People die. All ranks and jobs are in danger. And not everyone in the Navy goes to sea. But once you’re out there…it changes. Yes.
“OK.  Moving on?”
“Yessir.”
“You may be an expert on the DC-37, but the Exec job is something completely else. Besides, Captain Teller will lift a lot of that tech stuff off your shoulders”
“Aye, who….” 
They spent some time in familiarising Heinz with Captain David John Teller’s career to date, his responsibilities re the tech side of things and the Orion chain of command. Teller would report to the Exec for some things and directly to the Commander for others. Not unusual. Been there. Doubt that.
The Commander continued. “We will sort that out in real time. But enough about him.”
“Aye.” Without a doubt.
“The virtues needed in an Exec are unflagging attention to duty, thorough knowledge of your tools, meticulous care for details, deep loyalty to your job as Exec, to the crew and to the ship and to those placed over you professionally. Intelligence and integrity are what the job takes.”
“Aye, sir. You shall have it.” Familiar words they were.
“Thank you. I knew we made a good choice. I look forward to serving with you. Will you join me in a toast?”
“Aye…Ready.”
Lt Col Edwards reached into a small cabinet and pulled out a small bottle of bourbon and two small glasses. He poured them full. He raised his glass. “What’s the toast of the day?”
LCdr Heinz knew of course. How could he not. It was Thursday. A Bloody War or a Sickly Season He took a pass on tradition.
“May I suggest something else? Something for this time and place?”
“Of course.”
LCdr Heinz looked upward. How could he not. “To the good ship Orion. Long may she sail the oceans of space!”
The Commander lifted his glass to his. 
“To Orion.”

***
They finished the bottle, making light talk about the various dips, turns and banks in their careers and such. Edwards found another slightly less empty bottle that re-fuelled them.
He had flown many of the fighters used by both the US and Canada and had even done a quick ‘jaunt’ he called it, in a CF-100 ‘Clunk’ out of North Bay in the late fifties – he could not be sure exactly when - on a dare from a more senior and somewhat boisterous pilot from 414 Squadron. ‘Not much fun’ was all he would say and Heinz believed he knew why. 
Edwards was surprised and then gradually pleased to know that Heinz had served time – an interesting turn of phrase – in an Oberon Class submarine, out of Halifax. 
He slapped his thigh, straightened up in his chair and asked where and when this had been. He had flown around Nova Scotia in the right seat of an Argus on a training mission looking for subs. It turned out that they had missed each other by several years, but the story did its job. 
They went to dinner in the Officer’s Mess which was located in another temporary building, drank some more and parted at midnight with a deeper understanding than each had possessed only scant hours ago of how the other viewed this extraordinary mission and with a commitment to meet tomorrow to continue the discussion. 
Outside looking up at the starlit sky, they shook hands, and said the necessary.
As they turned in opposite directions to their  respective ‘homes’, Edwards turned back towards Heinz for a moment, his posture indicating he had something more to say – something that could be but might best not be said between a CO and his Exec.  
“You know Henry, some of our commanders and co-workers aren’t space minded. Some haven’t quite abandoned the notion that with a little effort we can still keep this planet fit to live on before we charge off half-cocked into the solar system. They think we just need to win the race for air supremacy. And that means no excursions to other planets. Expect opposition. Expect foot-dragging.”
LCdr Heinz smiled. 
“Aye. Good night, sir!” and saluted.
Lt Col Edwards smiled and turned away.

CHAPTER 9 – THE ENGINE ROOM

Countdown - 4

The next day it was obvious that the word was out; that something had changed. A clear sign of this was that he was, upon awakening, moved to a better class of room, on the opposite side of the same building, but not he would soon learn, far enough away to avoid the noise, that was better furnished, with an exclusive washroom rather than the shared one he’d had and most tellingly, one with a telephone set. 
Tenish, he was called by Lt Col Edward’s admin assistant and advised that at 1500 he was to meet with some people, a manager from the Orion Project whose name he did not get and an engineer name of Ley, who he was informed, had had a major hand in the design and engineering of Orion. 
Comfortable in his new digs he passed the time reading. 
He had brought a copy of US Fleet Admiral Bull Halsey’s book, Heroes of the Fleet, about what else, but the heroes of the US Navy in WWII, during which Halsey had commanded the Third Fleet. 
Sacrifice was what it was about. He was drawn to the chapter in which a young patrol boat commander, a LT JG of the name of Kennedy had died in the attempt to rescue one of his crew after his boat had been sliced in half by a Japanese destroyer. The destroyer that had done this had been spared major damage in the action by the failure of the attacking patrol boat’s torpedoes to even launch, never mind explode, a thing that was now a well-known historical point in naval training, everywhere. 
But more disturbing to him was the comment that there was no direction or procedure in place of how to search for survivors or what the PT flotilla should actually do in case a ship was lost. Well, policy statements or the lack thereof won’t be a factor for us! Or rescue missions.
He set it aside and turned instead to some of the Orion’s propulsion systems manuals and the important tasks of dozing and snoozing until 1400, got up, cleaned himself up and put on his Base Dress. 
He looked into the mirror and seeing the new epaulettes on his shoulders, stopped. He had a moment.  A good moment, that was considered in parallel with a bad moment, then a summation of many moments in which his entire life and career zipped by in an instant, with good/bad/indifferent moments and decisions all thrown into a hat, jumbled up and thrown on the bed before him, the result of which simply looked like epaulettes. The same as were on his shoulders. 
Later, at a time and place unimaginable to anyone, it would happen again. Part of the price. 
He went to the ship. To his surprise, Lt Col Edwards was there. 
LCdr Heinz saluted and offered a “Good morning, sir.” 
Edwards hesitated and returned the salute, a smile on his face, with no sign of any residue of last night’s partying.
“Mr Sawyer? Doctor Ley? May I introduce to you my Executive Officer, Lieutenant Commander Henry Heinz, Royal Canadian Navy.” He even pronounced it correctly. 
A brisk round of hand-shaking followed. They were no one and nothing he’d ever heard of.
Edwards continued, “They’ll show you around Henry. Pick their brains until they’re empty. Won’t take too long, I’d wager.” A round of obligatory laughter followed.
Edwards continued, “But I have other tasks to attend to. Carry on gents.” He turned and left them, shortly stopping and turning back, “By the way Heinz, you had me there for a sec. In the USAF we don’t usually salute on the Hangar Line. Unless it’s a parade day. And headdress is optional.”
“Copy that, sir,” Heinz offered in supplication. He’d known that. He’d always known that! Oh well
Edwards turned back and was gone in a moment.
They entered the stairwell from above the propulsion section through the central hatch of the Hangar Deck, descending in single file led by Mr Sawyer, not by choice but rather by necessity down to a small deck located in the center. 
The room itself was no doubt immense, but that the lines of sight were limited by the layer upon layer of racks – magazines - they had called them, created an odd feeling in Heinz. Perhaps just a hint of claustrophobia.  Or perhaps something else. Radiation?
Mr Sawyer picked up on it, or hopefully, Heinz thought, he’d seen that look before.
“Relax. The bombs are not in place yet. We’ll be doing that a couple of days before blast-off.” 
That was no doubt a major piece of work. So much for leaving tomorrow morning.
“Is there any shielding to protect the crew?”
“The levels are actually quite low. About five Rads, we guess. Besides, there is no crew here for anything but start-up and in case something goes wrong.  The operating controls are on the Bridge.  And compared to pretty well everywhere else on the ship it’s actually not all that much higher here. When you’re in space, I mean. And, although you can’t see them there are three gyros down here to change the angle of the ship, to help with rotation and such? And below that, the reactor.”
“PWR?” Heinz asked.
“Yes.” 
The bottom deck was a space obviously designed for but one person. There were five small control panels mounted on the walls at angles to each other and tight to the edge of the stairs in places. Power switches, status lights, volt and ammeters, digit counters, all identical and all around hemmed them in. Accessible, apparently by crawling on one’s hands and knees perhaps, were what Heinz assumed were the magazine feeders.  Just a few feet or maybe much more below but out of sight was, he had read, the ejector mechanism. 
Something caught his eye. He reached out and rubbed a section of railing, feeling raised lettering. He saw another. “Sprite?  Mister Pibb?”
“Ah, yeah. About that,” Sawyer spoke, leaning on the handrail. “The racks are made by the same company that builds those soda machines, you know? For Coca Cola? Pepsi? The ones you see at gas stations and such?”
“Um. Yes. I know. But for some reason the words ‘Mil Standard’ come to mind.”
“Relax. They’ve been up-sized and tested extensively. Best commercial practice applies here. This ain’t no Army Tee-shirt.”  Mr S grinned from ear to ear, but upon seeing Heinz’s sombre face quickly turned back to serious, “I know what you’re getting at. They can do the job. After all, everything becomes weightless. Eventually.”
Heinz found it hard to relax. “Mass is mass wherever you take it. And they’re going to take a pounding. I assume they were tested under similar conditions to those we’ll encounter on launch?”
Sawyer turned awkwardly to face him, “They’ve been tested.  Doctor Ley says they will do the job. Short of a real-life test which we cannot do for cost and time reasons, the pen and paper analysis says it all. It will work. Let’s move on.”
He turned away and climbed up the stairs.  Dr Ley followed.
Heinz took a last look around before ascending.  Everything he’d seen so far could be bought at a Canadian Tire store. Circuit breakers, knobs, even the exposed wiring was just standard house quality.  Not exactly what he had expected.  
He turned and followed them up.
“Who’s loading the magazines,” he asked on impulse.
“We’ve got some labourers we hired just for that job. No need to expose our people needlessly to danger.” 
“How do they load them? I can’t see them carrying them down these stairs.”
The ascent stopped abruptly. He could not see Sawyer’s face, but still, it went better than he feared.
“There are access hatches on the top just for that purpose. Look Heinz, I know you haven’t been on board for long, but take a look at the drawings when you get a moment. Doctor Ley can help you there.  You’re a specialist in comms and radar, but you never know when you may need to fill in in the engineering section. You never know how things will go.”
“Aye. I’ll do that.”  
They reached the top.
Sawyer spoke. “So if you’ve seen the rest, that’s the ship.  We don’t have much time til launch and I’m sure you have your own plan for getting up to speed on your own AOR?” 
“Yes. I am meeting with my personnel tomorrow. I assume I’ll be permitted to run full power tests of the radars and radios? Or see the test results?”
“Um,” Ley, who had been silent so far, answered him with a thick and familiar accent, “I don’t think that can be allowed. People are climbing all over the outside of the ship these days. I’m not sure what they are doing but that’s not a good idea.  I will check with the project office though and I shall advise you. They may have a window of opportunity.”
Sawyer took command again, “Painting. They’re painting the logos, emblems and ship ID. Big job. Really big job.”
Heinz resisted the obvious. 
They shook hands and parted.  
Dr Ley called his room later that day, “I am sorry but I have been advised that there is insufficient time for your system tests.” He ended the brief conversation with, “Sorry. One can only hope that things will go well.” 
Not helpful. Not hopeful.

CHAPTER 10 – PUBLICITY STUNTS 

Countdown – 3

He had better things to do, but duty was duty. He got a call to go to Lt Col Edwards’s office ASAP, arriving to find it full of newspaper and television people, some with cameras. The day’s goal was to introduce them to Orion.  
Edwards’s face broke open in a relaxed smile upon Heinz’s arrival. “Here he is now, gentlemen. May I introduce my Executive Officer for the Orion mission, Lieutenant Commander Henry Heinz of the Royal Canadian Navy!”
They dropped him like a hot potato and turned as one to Heinz, notepads and cameras raised in what was probably not a salute. Edwards’s smile enlarged. 
In a moment it started.
“Commander, how do feel about going on this mission?  How do you assess the risks? Does the Canadian Navy still give free rum to ships’ crews? Do you think you’ll find life on Mars?” And so on. Babble. Just babble. Heinz was speechless. Fortunately.
Edwards took back control. “Gentlemen. Gentlemen! If you please. Plenty of time to answer questions. We have prepared some handouts for you. You’ll find them on your way out, on the secretary’s desk. LCdr Heinz’s purpose today is to give you a guided tour of the Orion. Please follow him out. It’s just a short walk to the ship.”
They left in a hurry, forgetting Heinz in their haste.
Edwards did that classic ‘who knew’ shoulder shrug. “Take your time. Just keep them out of my face. I’ve got things to do.” 
He headed out.
Outside the group looked smaller but still amounted to a dozen persons or so in total. In the distance, about a mile away Orion glinted in the sun. Yes, it was but a short walk for some of them, but it was going to be a warm one for all of them.
 They started off, those with cameras running ahead at times to capture the group moving up and sometimes falling behind to get that ‘dramatic moment’ shot. And for a dramatic moment he thought about the classified aspects of Area 51. Not my problem, ended that.
He fielded their questions while having the same reservations but with no guidelines having been provided settled again on - not my problem. “Yes. No. Maybe. We have planned for this. No. Yes. I guess we’ll see.” And so on.
As they approached the perimeter fence they were joined by a line of workers pulling smallish four-wheeled carts from a nearby and smallish storehouse previously unnoticed by Heinz. Each was loaded with four identical, smallish and cylindrical canisters. The chain led to the Orion and was paralleled by a similar caravan returning back to the storehouse, carts empty. It was obvious to him and in a few seconds obvious to all what was happening. Fueling of Orion was in progress.
Mumbling took place. “Are those the bombs?” “Those are the bombs.” “What bombs?” “What are you talking about?” And so on.
Faced with the obvious he replied truthfully. Maybe.  He was, afterall, just guessing.
“Yes. But there is no harm. The radiation levels are insignificant, I assure you. No harm at all. You can ride on the carts if you wish.” We’ll see how that goes.
It worked. Faces looking doubtful the group slowed and gradually put a small but significant and hopefully safe distance between themselves and the caravan. The cameramen were not so shy and approached them closely, setting up in the way a number of times, forcing the carts to stop to avoid running them over. At any one time there were at least 20 carts in view and from the number of ruts in the pathway this had evidently been going on for a while. Four hundred my ass! 
He kept quiet about that.
At the perimeter gate there were guards, armed and multiple in number, something he had never encountered here before, who saluted him with their rifles and waved them through.
Halfway along someone with a nametag on their shirt looked back and asked about the potential damage to the buildings from the launch blasts. 
Again, he just didn’t know. Propriety and logic won.  
“All personnel except those essential to the launch will be evacuated. A considerable distance I might add. Those who remain will be underground in blast-proof shelters. The surface buildings are built to survive the expected force, but it is prudent to take these precautions.”
That got him through the moment.
***
All the painting and such being finished only a small section of scaffolding remained in place leading to the Hangar Deck.
However, the labourers continued around to the far side of Orion. Before he could react to prevent it the media group followed them. 
Access to the top of the propulsion section was provided through a cut-out section of the launch tube. The workers took their carts down a wooden ramp to a common point where they were relieved of their load and trudged back up.  The cartridges were moved by hand at that point. Heinz asked that they all return to the ramp. So that’s how it’s done. Learned something myself. 
They climbed up to the Hangar Deck and arriving sweaty and fatigued someone requested a moment to rest and get organised. They soon spread out and were peeking at the CRVs and climbing into the rovers, posing for pictures and such. It dawned on him that he could have used a couple of those armed guards right about here and now. 
Someone from somewhere asked if they could have some water. 
He was dumbfounded. Where on this deck could one get water? There wasn’t even a toilet, at least one he knew about. Mercifully some had brought their own water and shared. As things settled down a couple of print reporters took the opportunity to throw questions at him.
“What do you think of the dependence of the mission upon the Daedalus?  The Brits don’t always show up when they’re supposed to.” “And if they don’t, what are the options?”
He had thought of this himself; not through any belief of the Brits electing to opt out, but because he had himself just realised that the risks inherent in such a mission were doubled. But, dodge, deflect, deny. “The President and Prime Minister of Britain have committed the resources of both countries to this mission. Our job is to get there. Same for them. We’ll see. And there are no options.”
“Where is the nuclear reactor?”
He had only just been informed of this himself the day before during his tour with Ley and Sawyer.
“About 50 feet below you.”
The reported looked nervous. 
“Actually, it’s only about 45 feet. But relax. It is well shielded.” 
That didn’t seem to help.
“It is of the type used on the USN nuclear-powered submarines. Very reliable; very safe.” We’ll see.
That didn’t seem to help, either. Maybe they knew about the ‘incident’?
“What do you think about the federal government’s contracting authority insisting that the contract for the propulsion bombs be spread between state’s industries – so that there are five suppliers?”
The reporter’s use of ‘propulsion’ when referring to the bombs showed he had at least read the briefing note. Or that he least knew more than the average-Joe reporter. 
Again he was uninformed in this matter. But the answer was standard issue, anywhere in the known universe. “The same rigid standard applies to all suppliers. The same standard of inspection, of test and acceptance applies, too.  Besides, it probably saved a bushel of bucks!” We’ll see.
“How do you, a Canadian sailor feel about being on this mission?” This was easy. Perhaps the easiest.
“It is an honour to serve with my American friends and allies on this historic mission. I look forward to raising our nation’s flags on the surface of Mars.” Enough said? 
They moved up.
The tour of ship was awkward, largely due to the fact that despite her massive size, none of the Operations areas could accommodate their numbers. Mercifully, except for a couple of worker guys on the Bridge Deck, the ship was empty.
Still it was hard to keep the group together; they kept wandering off. That this whole thing should have been better planned was obvious.  
Someone joked the IEF could have created a better impression if there had been a Hollywood sound stage set up in town for them to crawl over instead of the real ship. Someone else chimed in, serious or not, he could not discern, “I’ll bet this thing goes nowhere. That’s all it is. A sound stage.” That got laughter and judgemental looks at Heinz, too. 
He laughed. “Very funny.”
“Do you think I can listen all day to such stuff? Be off, or I'll kick you down stairs!"

CHAPTER 11 – AUTOVON RELATIONSHIP THERAPY

Countdown – 2

The clock ticked. The day drew near. Day after tomorrow.  0400.  We’ll see
Outside in the hallway was a payphone with a chair. Next to it was a small table with an ordinary phone.  He sat down in the chair, stretched out his legs, picked up the phone and dialled the Halifax number. What could possibly go wrong? 

“Halifax Dockyard. What number would you like?” He recognized the voice. Louise. A Newfie.

“I’d like an outside line.”
“I am sorry sir. I cannot make outside line calls.”
“It’s me, Lieutenant Heinz. I’m down in Vegas and I need to talk to my wife, Louise.”
“Oh hi Lieutenant. How’s the weather down there?”
“Sunny. Hot. Mostly just hot.”
 “So I’ve heard.”
“There?”
“Rainy and windy, but not too bad. Just a sec, Henry. I’ll put you through.”
“Thanks, Louise.”

The phone rang. A voice answered. The line was weak and scratchy.

“Hello.”
“Hello.”
“Tell me you’re calling to ask me to pick you up at the airport.”
“Look. We’ve been over this before. This is not something I have a choice in.”
“I know. And you know I don’t believe you. So, just don’t be surprised if I’m not here when you get back. Two years is a long time.”
“I know. And you know I may not come back either.”
“What? Yes. I know.”
“I just called to tell you it is happening and soon.”
“Yes. How soon?”
“All I can say is soon. I don’t know. Nobody really knows. When it’s ready we’ll go.”
“How reassuring.”
“Yes. But mostly it’s security, not uncertainty about the mission.”
“Well. Have fun. Good luck. I have to go.”
“I love you. You know that….”
The line dropped; he heard nothing but dialtone.
AUTOVON often did that. 
He put the phone back on the cradle, went back to his room, lay down and stared at the ceiling.

Again.

CHAPTER 12 – THE CHAIN OF COMMAND

Countdown – 1

It was inevitable he thought, and totally necessary and in fact, well overdue. The phone call had given a specific time and place. Who was he to…..?  But why in God’s name was it taking place in the Social Center?  As directed he walked over just before lunchtime.
Area 51 – Social Center, the sign said.  Yep. This must be it.
He went in and hung up his beret in the cloakroom - or was it a coatroom?
There were close to fifty people there he guessed, of all ranks up to colonel, some civvies. And except for a few cleaning and serving staff, all males. Some were standing talking, some standing at the bar, some sitting and eating, some in a line-up and serving themselves from the buffet – wings, ribs, pulled pork, potatoes, corn-on-the cob and even, incredibly, brussel sprouts. 
He nodded in acknowledgement to Lt Col Edwards who was engaged in a calm and quiet discussion off in a corner with Mr Sawyer. No arms waving; no fingers pointing. All good signs. 
He glanced about and saw the Canners, already sitting and digging into their meals. He joined the end of the buffet line and in a few minutes joined them and two USAF tech sergeants at their table, being greeted with a round of congratulations. Master Corporal Swinemar took the initiative and said in a too loud voice, “Well, I can tell you that I’ll never make the mistake of calling you LT again!”
Three people at the table laughed at that. He punched Swinemar in the arm and sat down. 
“See that you don’t, M-slash!” and laughed himself.
Master Seaman Mackenzie introduced the Americans to him.  He offered his hand. They stood, as did he and took it. Done and done. Over.
TSgt Struthers asked how he liked Nevada and was it his first visit to the state. An innocent start. 
An innocent answer flowed out. “Nice. Warm and sunny. Not like home.” 
Suddenly it dawned on him. Things had changed. The events of the last few days had made sure of that. He just hadn’t realised it yet. He hadn’t processed it yet. Mentally, he kicked himself in the ass. Shape up, LCdr. Get with the program!
He looked about the room, with new eyes. It dawned upon him, slowly. These were his people. All, but for possibly one person. Or three.
Edward’s words at their initial meeting short days ago took on new meaning. He was responsible for them, for their performance at work, for their conduct and their discipline or as had been written long ago in a collection of often forgotten regal words, he was to - exercise and well discipline in their duties such officers, men and women as may be placed under his orders from time to time and use his ‘best endeavours’ to keep them in ‘good order and discipline’.  Not hard to remember, just too easily forgotten.
He participated in the discussion about the Orion, the mission and their work, hearing the chatter and their questions and giving answers in a new and different way. Inescapable.
He finished his meal and rose to join Lt Col Edwards. Time to move on.
Before he got to him a Chief Master Sergeant called the room to order and handed the mike to Edwards. The room quieted. Everyone grabbed a seat. Heinz ended up back at the Canner’s table.
 “Good afternoon. Well, the long awaited day is close at hand. At times it seemed like this was never going to happen; but sometimes a longshot does pay off.”
Polite laughter echoed around the room. Why longshot? 
“Some of you. Most of you, have spent the considerable part of the past year or more preparing for this day. And, if I may be dramatic for a moment, your careers and indeed your lives in preparation for this moment. We are departing on a mission that has never before in the history of man been attempted. It is not without risk. Not without cost. I fear that some of us may not return. It is the price for moving ahead. For advancing our kind, into space. I salute you.” Edwards did just that. Applause resounded.
“The tragic accident of N13401 which resulted in the deaths of personnel critical to the mission is a reminder of the risks facing us; all of us. Please join me in a moment of silence for our shipmates. Our friends.” 
The room rose, heads bowed, silent, but for the sudden clash of cutlery from the kitchen, followed by a shout and hushing. Edwards continued. The room sat.
“I would like to introduce to you my Executive Officer, a man who has seen the face of the enemy, who has looked into the sea and seen uncertainty, seen danger and forged on ahead.  May I present Lieutenant Commander Henry Heinz, of the Royal Canadian Navy.”
Polite applause greeted him as he walked up. But soon from behind he heard the soft but loud enough chanting of his seatmates: “Canners, Canners, Canners…” which was soon joined in by all.
He shook a grinning Lt Col Edwards’ outstretched hand and took the microphone. 
Softly Edwards said to him, “Over to you Exec. Take the room you need and own it,” and stepped back.
“Thank you Colonel.” He looked around the room, thinking. He had had this thing done to him dozens of times, but had never had to inflict it on anyone himself. He wasn’t ready. What was the phrase? First impressions are most lasting? Well here goes.
“May I first say that I wish I was not here?” 
He paused, not for dramatic effect, but because he had just surprised himself. He had no prepared speech. None was required for these types of words normally came easily, usually.
Without further insight he continued, “The personnel that you have worked with, you have trained with for the past year, have perhaps even been friends with who are no longer with us, should be here.  It will do us well to remember their sacrifice.” He paused. “And I can assure you that they will be with us, watching us, in the performance of our duties.” The room was silent and still. He moved on. 
“Some of them I’m sure, will be laughing, pointing fingers, making notes about these and those things, maybe just in our imagination, but that is just the way it. The way we are. Humans!” There was some laughter, some smiling; some heads shook.
“These things have not been easy. That is not a surprise. I know. You know. We all know. When, as someone said, has the pursuit of excellence ever been easy? The Orion mission is going to require all of us to go beyond ourselves, to go the extra mile, or maybe a hundred million miles, to coin a phrase.” More laughter.
“Do not fail them. Do not fail the Commander. Do not fail yourself. Sacrifices have been made. More will be required.” He looked around the room, “I am looking forward to this mission.  How could I not? Thank you.” He handed the mike back to the Commander. 
Edwards held him in his view for a few moments, dropped the mike to his side and doing something Heinz had never had done to him in his career and seldom during his life, pulled him into his arms in a brief brotherly hug.  
“White was right. It is different. Thank you. Now let’s get the hell out of here.” 
He released him and holding his hand and Heinz’s up high yelled without benefit of the microphone, “To the good ship Orion. Long may she sail the oceans of space!”
The room rose and toasted her as one. So much for that.
As the applause faded, the CMS took control. 
“This is it people. Return to your quarters, gather up your kit. Keep it simple. Say your last goodbyes. Make your way to the ship and settle in. The next message you hear will be over the Ship’s PA.” Cheers and applause erupted.
From somewhere in the back someone yelled, “And don’t forget to bring your own soap bars!” 
“And deodorant!” someone else tossed. 
More laughter resounded. A good sign.
The room quickly cleared. The Canners walked by him, briefly glancing his way but basically they ignored him. Good.
Master Seaman Mackenzie’s face and body language sent him a message, cryptically – ‘Ack. I get it’. Suddenly MCpl Swinemar turned to him and broke into a mile wide-smile, simultaneously giving him an exaggerated and active airforce-style thumbs-up.
He smiled for what he guessed was three milliseconds and then frowned. Swinemar got it too. He turned sober in ten milliseconds and carried on.
Mr Sawyer brushed by him from behind and said with a smile but not a hint of sincerity, “Nice speech. You running for office?”
Heinz smiled for what he guessed was three milliseconds and then turned away. 
Funny how quick you can learn this shit!
Edwards was standing by the buffet with a captain, USAF with pilot wings. He motioned to Heinz. “Henry, this is Dave Teller. Captain Teller, meet your Executive Officer, Lieutenant Commander Heinz.”
“Sir. Pleased to meet you. I am looking forward to working with you on Orion.”
“So am I Captain.”
Edwards excused himself with the mandatory, “I’ll leave you two to it,” and went to chase Sawyer down.  From the arm waving something was clearly going on.
“So. The basics. Been waiting long for this have you Dave?”
“Two years. Most of it on the ground, playing with the DC-37. You know?”
“Just finished the course. Required reading at the Academy.”
Teller did not get it. Or at least did not react as Heinz expected.
“We’re still not good friends.”
“Well, I have a feeling with Doctor Ley on board we won’t need to worry ourselves with that.”
“Doctor Ley is coming?”
Teller did not flinch, “Yes. He practically designed the whole damn ship and he’s not too shy to push you out of the way. He’ll be doing most of the navigation. Which doesn’t leave much for us to do. Point her in the right direction, let ‘er rip and wait. So Ley says. Although it takes him a lot longer to say it.”
“So I’ve heard.” Heinz moved off the basics, “You knew Captain White well?”
“No, not really. He wasn’t around all that much. He was involved in mission planning a lot.”
“So is the crew ready?”
“Well. They signed up for it, they’ve been weeded out, been trained on point and the survivors are eager to go.”
Edwards came back over, “What an asshole! Sorry. You guys weren’t supposed to hear that.”
“Hear what Colonel?” Teller offering the expected. They all laughed.
“Well David, I need to talk with my Exec. You two will have lots of time to settle the nitty-gritties on Orion.”
Teller excused himself with the usual, “Yes sir. Colonel? Lieutenant Commander?” and left, taking a donut from the nearly empty buffet.

***
Heinz walked with Edwards to his soon-to-be-forgotten quarters.  Most of it was silent walking in which the Lt Col returned the salutes of passing subordinates in USAF style, a bit too casual - or was it too relaxed - for LT (N) Heinz’s liking, but at what was becoming increasingly familiar to LCdr Heinz.  There was a point to this.  And he was, after all, still in learning mode.
Edwards’s plan was to go to his quarters, pick up his gear, say a last goodbye to his wife via AUTOVON, walk over and settle in. Simple. 
No one, he informed Heinz, had spent more than a couple of back-to-back familiarization shifts on board Orion. What was the point? Rooms had been assigned; bunks had been assigned too, all in a well-worn manner familiar to all militaries. The way it was done. Orion would be no different. 
But it was a strange thing, they agreed, to pick up everything you owned and that would have with you for the next two or more years in a single lightweight bag. There were no weight limitations imposed; that was of marginal importance, but there were space limitations, a thing that seemed to Heinz, from what he had just seen of Orion, to be ridiculous. 
And, as Edwards mentioned in passing using a phrase that was still somewhat novel in this world except perhaps to those spending a year in Antarctica or a few other shall-forever-remain-nameless places, ‘if you didn’t bring it with you, you ain’t gonna have it’. Yes.  No US Mail. No Canada Post. No UPS. 
Yes, shaving cream was one thing. Vacuum tubes, batteries, electronics parts, Heinz mentioned, were quite another, expressing something that had bothered him since he had arrived. 
“At least one of everything, I am told. Many of some; the recommended minimum of others. Something called critical spares? It has evidently been considered. I hope they are correct. They’d better be.”
Heinz, who had done this before, this leaving the dock with total dependence upon Ship’s Stores had whenever possible made it a point to check the worthiness of the reports. And sometimes it had been worthwhile to be what was obviously to some, an annoyance. 
In fact, as he told Edwards, he had been cautioned by the Exec on one ship on more than one occasion that he just had to learn to trust people to do their jobs. He shared that bit with Edwards.
Edwards laughed.  
 “Well, I always do a walk-around, no matter what, where, when or who prepped the plane. And so should you. Although I think we may be running out of time.”
They soon arrived at Heinz’s quarters. 
“I’ll make the best of it,” Heinz replied and saluted, mainly because of the presence of others, then turned and went in.  To his surprise his stuff was already gone. Hopefully to Orion.  Oh well.

***
He looked around, a last look at humanity, perhaps. Bed, dresser, table, window with sun shining in, a bathtub, a sink, a tube of toothpaste which he pocketed. His eyes rested on the phone. 
A moment of what writers call ‘extreme’ emotion swept over him. Tears formed in his eyes. How could they not. He paused a moment but no more, wiped them clear, turned and left, leaving the door open for the next tourist to Area 51. 

CHAPTER 13 – HOLD PLEASE, THE PRESIDENT WOULD LIKE TO SPEAK WITH YOU

Countdown 0 – HOLD

Well, it may not be worded exactly like this but in project management bibles there is a point in the design of any system, complex or otherwise where someone or process asks, ‘What could possibly go wrong?’ It probably crept its way into human plans, aspirations and activities when one of our ancestors picked up the first stick, looked it over critically assessing its dimensions, mass, flexibility and pointiness and poked a wasp’s nest with it. By the time of the pyramids, certainly, the first hydrogen gas filled party balloon, maybe and the first manned spacecraft, certainly, with each subjected (probably) to a lesser (or greater) degree to the process. 
Well, mission planning is a somewhat optimistic human endeavour, with other factors such as the personality and desires of the participants often overriding critical things like surprise, use of overwhelming force and oh yeah, surprise.
So it is possible to say that the Commander of the Orion should have seen this coming, however it arrived with much less warning than your average 1960’s heat seeking or radar guided missile.
It was evening. The first meals had been prepared; the first use of the dining hall by the crew enmasse was over, the first full manning of the Bridge a fact, launch drill exercises completed. The first use of the PA system to advise all crew members simultaneously had been accomplished. 
In less than 12 hours they would know and setting aside all others issues, have answered the big one, the main point, the truly important objective of all this – ‘Did it work?’
Lt Col Edwards had run the launch drill by Heinz the day before, but still, here on the ship some things made more and some less sense to him.  For one thing, the actual launch procedure required little involvement of the Bridge crew. 
In fact, their primary role was to avoid injury by remaining in their bunks. 
Once the button was pushed the initial explosion from within the tube would take place, popping Orion up optimistically a quarter of a mile above the desert and then a programmed number of bombs would be released. At the end of that sequence, the ground stations tracking their progress would assess the accuracy of their flight path and make recommendations re the change in axial tilt, etc. That accomplished the bombs would resume and once orbit was achieved the crew would take the time to change the craft to space mode. Sounded pretty simple. 
Comms with Earth would thereafter be via radio. 
But not yet. 
The telephone on the Bridge rang, drawing all eyes. Edwards said to his Exec for all others to hear, “Probably the pizza guy is here,” and picked it up. 
He wasn’t.
Edwards identified himself and then went into listening mode. It wasn’t a long conversation and it ended in a terse, “Yes sir.”
Edwards motioned Heinz and the CMS towards his Ready Room. Never a good sign after a phone call.
The President was on his way to witness the launch, to crack a bottle over her and to say a few words. Why? Did it matter? Cause President Goldwater wants to be here, that’s why!
Edwards asked the CMS for advice about holding a parade with a review stand and a band, with a ceremony requiring a champagne bottle and some safe and easy way to allow it to be smashed on Orion’s hull, followed by a march past, with a media center, etc. You know…the usual stuff when a President casually drops by a military base. 
“I’ll get on that, sir. Now. With your permission?”
“Yes, do so. And by the way, he said it’s ok to do it all in working dress. No ceremonial required.”
“That will make it a bit easier sir. We won’t have to go back and dig all that stuff out of the storeroom.”
“Yeah. Sure.” 
The CMS nodded, turned and left the Ready Room.
Edwards picked up the PA mike from his desk, flipped a few switches and announced the new reality to the crew. The President would be arriving tomorrow morning; a ceremony would take place in the early afternoon, with a tour of the ship to follow and the launch, to be witnessed by the Presidential Party, to take place the next day. No one was to leave the ship except on the direction of the CMS.
 Whatever their feelings, professionals to the last man, no one said ‘shit’, except the Commander. And he did not stop there. He said it several times and preceded each with ‘bull’.
Later, “Well Henry old man, the clock may be stopped at zero, but it’s still ticking. We’d best get our asses in gear.”
“Aye.”

***
Everyone knew the President’s arrival was imminent, but the actual timing was vague. When the 707 ‘Air Force One’ overflew Orion on approach to Homey Airport it was nailed down and ‘soon’ did it.
Things had been hectic. Erecting a podium, a media platform and tracking down someone (a violinist!) to play Hail to the Chief and Stars and Stripes Forever had been as challenging as anything else, except perhaps the effort required to run a line down from the top of Orion to the podium where it was tied to a Champagne bottle. That had actually taken a SAR Tech dangling from a chopper to accomplish.
Vehicles arrived carrying Col Asner and other nameless senior officers and civilians. Eventually, while waiting, they abandoned their prime seats on the platform and moved enmasse to stand in the shadow of Orion, to avoid the hot sun. They were soon joined by the entire crew. It was hot.
The sound of a chopper alerted everyone to take up their positions. And if you didn’t hear that for some reason, you couldn’t miss the dust cloud raised by its approach and landing.

***
The President disembarked with the Secretary of Defence. Both of them were wearing flight suits. They were greeted by Col Asner who escorted them to the podium. A couple of dark-suited sunglass wearing robots kept to the rear. The CMS called everyone to order, compliments were paid, the violinist timed it right, etc.
Edwards, Heinz and a few others had their hands shaken, then joined him on the podium, but it was clear this was mere formality. 
Heinz knew a little about President Goldwater. How could he not? An Ex WWII pilot, in Ferry Command, with a long career after that. He had flown the ‘Hump’ many times. Many
He looked out over the crew carefully.  After the usual intro stuff, he paid compliment to those who had been killed in the crash, then got to the point. 
Space was new frontier and America intended to lead the way. He expected everyone to do their duty to this end.
“Orion marks a new level of capability. To ensure there are follow-on missions, this one must prove beyond any doubt that it is a safe, practical and capable vehicle. And, oh yes. And affordable.”  When he chuckled at that, so did everyone else. 
The new Dakota he called it, referring to the C-47 that had moved half of America to the war zones. 
He turned to Asner and pointed a finger. “Remember Colonel, ‘There are old pilots and there are bold pilots, but there are no old bold pilots.’  Bring her home safe.”
That said, he reached over and undid the rope holding the bottle line steady against the wind, “I christen you, Orion. Godspeed, Orion. And a safe mission.” He released it and thankfully it smashed into the hull.
The violinist broke into The Stars and Stripes.
That should have been it. The President descended, excused himself from the Secretary of Defence and led Asner, Edwards, Heinz and Teller onto the Hangar Deck. He wasn’t done.
“Look Colonel. You’ve got better things to do than lead me about, so just one question? Or maybe two? Or three?”
“Yes sir?”
“Why are we doing this with the military? And to Mars? Really? We’ve got NASA. I didn’t start either but I could stop both.”
“Well, we are taking some scientists with us to explore Mars, looking for uranium, diamonds and stuff that may make it pay. Perhaps we’ll find something of great worth or use that does not exist on Earth.” 
“But why the IEF? What were they thinking? NASA is about science and technological progress. Communications satellites, geographical surveys, mapping and charting, building better aircraft and stuff. And it will be cheaper.”
“You may be right in your assumption that NASA can do exploration better. But a big part of their science mission just seems to be about the quest to find life somewhere off Earth. As for cheaper? I don’t know how that will play out. But we of the IEF got here first and we're going to get to Mars first too. And I feel strongly sir, that the space program instills national pride. We’ve seen that. That’s something we can always use. And there is always the potential for war in space and war is our job, not NASA’s.” 
“Certainly. And you are correct that the space program instills national pride. But only if we’re fastest, furthest and first. I don’t want this to be another Mars mission failure. Industry has failed. Other countries have failed. The Government of the United States cannot. Understand?” 
“Yes. We’ll see to it, sir.”
Goldwater looked about, touched the CRV wings and hull, sat in a Rover while a photographer took some pictures.
“Look Edwards. Allow me to be frank. You seem to know what this is about. We must win the Race to Mars, as vague as that is! At all costs. At any cost. Understood?” 
“Yes sir. Understood.” 
They went back out onto the ramp. Once there Goldwater slipped back into publicity mode. He looked at Edwards, curiosity on his face.
“Colonel Edwards. I don’t see anyone but white guys out there.”
“All I can say Mr President, is that there were no qualified candidates. Perhaps if we had had more time we…”
“Sure. Sure there aren’t. Well that’s another of those ‘we’ll see’ issues. And as for that finding life off this planet thing? Not everyone wants us to even think about that, never mind to go about spending hard earned tax dollars on some foolish quest. I have my own doubts that we’re alone in this…this universe thing, but …anyway, we’ll see. Would help the news industry though wouldn’t it? Endless speculation. Contrary evidence? Experts yelling at each other?” The President’s face grinned broadly.
“Yes sir! No doubt about that.”
He shook their hands again and headed out.
As they reached the ground a flight of F4-E Phantoms, the USAF ‘Thunderbirds’ team did a starburst maneuver. 
The President shook every crewman’s hand and left.

So much for that. 

Edwards tracked down the CMS and said, “Start the clock. We’re getting the hell out of here.”
“Yes sir!”

So much for that.

CHAPTER 14 – SPACE - ANOTHER FINAL FRONTIER

Why ships and aircraft always left at the most inconvenient of times was somewhat of a mystery to Heinz, even after many dozens of such departures, albeit almost always in naval ships. Navigational radars, TACANs, VORs, Non-Directional Beacons and autopilots would have seemed to make it unnecessary for planes to take off at dawn and return by day’s end. There had to be something more to it. Certainly it was not caused by any need for overtime and certainly not bar hours. Regardless, 0400 was the launch time for Orion.
The crew prepared the ship for launch; an activity which seemed to focus primarily on securing things so that once orbit was achieved they would not come adrift. 
Heinz had put a not-too-inconsiderable amount of time thinking about launch and orbit. Weightlessness was no doubt going to be a novelty to most of the crew. Few of them had had the opportunity to be on the Vomit-Comet, since it was solely within NASA’s purview to allow outsiders on board. In the IEF world the VC was for scientists, mission specialists who had had no introduction to gravity issues beyond the odd bump during commercial flights. Few pilots of high performance jet aircraft could resist seeing how long they could hang. They knew what to expect.  Not so their ground crew.
Edwards had told him aside, “Get used to it quick or it’s going to be a long ride.”
By 2300 everyone had turned in but the night shift. Most would not be required to rise from their bunks, since as had been made obvious, human involvement in the actual launch was quite minimal.
At 0300 Heinz got up, as did his roomies Teller, and Lt Farman whom he had met scant hours before for the first time.  They went up to the Bridge Deck, where as they had discussed they had no function and regrettably, no place to ride out the launch and watch. 
Edwards met them, “Better early than late, eh gents?” 
Heinz bit. “Seems odd that the Bridge is not going to be fully manned at the time of launch.  It’s hard for me to imagine an airplane taking off with no one in the pilot’s seat.”
“Well, the pilot is in control of the aircraft at all times and if something goes wrong, skill and knowledge take over. That’s not what is going to happen here. No one is in a position to override anything.”
“What if something does go wrong?” 
Edwards frowned. “You just waking up to that possibility now, Hank? Physics and math, boys. Physics and math. That’s all it is. Slide rules, calculators and computers. They are going to rule space. Or so Doc Ley says!” 
“Seems odd. Seems wrong.”
Farman, who had thus far seldom spoken contributed, “Monkeys. You should hear the NASA guys. They call themselves monkeys. They are pressuring the higher-ups for more control over the missions.”
“Yes, I get that. Any pilot would,” Edwards replied. “Well, taking-off is one thing, but landing this puppy is going to take something more than a 1201 running Basic.  You two should work on that. Unless you’ve got something else to do over next four months?”
He picked up the PA mike. “All sections, all sections. Conduct final cross check of all stations for takeoff. Report to Baker Delta One.”
“Toilet seats. It can be really bad if the toilet seats are up.”
They laughed.
“Return to your quarters. You’ll know when it happens. And if you don’t wake up, you won’t know it went wrong.” 
Calls started to come in. They turned to go. “See you in space, gents,” Edwards said somberly, “And in heaven, if it goes bad!” They shook hands and returned to quarters.
“We’ll see.” 

***
Edwards looked over a checklist in front of him. Checklists! More checklists! Who needs ’em?
He reconsidered. Well it’s one thing to paint a wall, another to launch a nuclear-powered spaceship into space.
It was all done with switches.
And timers. 
And checklists.
Thirty minutes prior to launch Edwards was to flip a switch, SW1 that would ‘Enable Launch’. Enable. A strange word, he thought. 
That action signified to the ground controllers that the ship was ready for launch.
At five minutes he was to enable another switch, SW2 that armed the massive explosive device below Orion in the launch tube. The ground controllers had one, too. 
Both had to be enabled for takeoff to occur. 
At one minute a countdown would begin. At any time disabling SW2 would stop the launch. 
At zero time the explosive would be set off.  
This would generate G-forces on the order of 4-6 g.
A device far below the Bridge, with no parallel function on the Bridge would be enabled if sufficient G-forces were produced. 
This enabled the firing sequence, which would proceed with bombs ejected from the bottom of the craft at one to two second intervals. 
This would continue until 800 had been fired, that number being what math and physics had determined would be sufficient to achieve orbit.  
At that point engine control was routed to the Bridge and further firings were regulated from there.

So…
At 0330, Lt Col Edwards enabled SW1.
At 0355, he enabled SW2.
At 0359, he and many others crossed their fingers.

***
From the Control Tower at Haney Field 3.4 miles to the south east of Orion Captain Gifford watched the clock run up to 0330 and then, as directed, went down to the base of the tower with the B-stand to watch the launch.  The danger of damage to the tower and in particular the windows had been assessed as marginal, but why take chances. All air traffic for a hundred mile radius of the launch site had been grounded, so there was little if any consequence to the tower being unmanned. 
There was a small crowd of MPs, fire fighters, a Radar Technician and the GCA Controller. The time counted down. Sunglasses were in order. At two minutes Gifford took it on himself to warn the others to put on their glasses. 
At ten seconds someone started counting down out loud. By eight everyone had joined in.
The first indication was a bright flash, a ring of fire; red, yellow and white that began small and grew rapidly horizontally, retaining a cone shape, as in a Hollywood-version of a volcanic eruption.  Nothing could be seen of the ship. 
Suddenly the sunglasses paid off. A very bright flash, seen well above the point of the initial explosion, was followed by another in a second, and another in succession, a succession that continued for quite some time.  At Tplus 20.6 seconds there was a ‘wump’, both audible and inaudible that was felt in their stomachs, which rattled the windows of the nearby tech shop and caused one and all to feel the urge to ‘hit the dirt’. No one did. It was followed by a distorted whooshing sound that echoed for some seconds. Before the human need to analyse this passed it was pushed aside by the first of the bomb explosions. It was not a wump. Not a pop.  It was quite simply a very loud bang, repeated every second or so.  
They watched as the lights slowly climbed skyward, at a slight angle to the east. After a minute or so the sounds faded, but the lights continued.  They watched until it lost any meaning, then dispersed and went back to their assorted jobs. 

***
From the Media Center the camera showed the network host with his back to the (poorly) spot-lit Orion as a back drop.
“Good morning and welcome to Area 51, where in a few minutes, the much anticipated launch of the United States Air Force Interplanetary Expeditionary Force’s Orion nuclear-pulse powered spacecraft will take place, embarking on a historic journey to Mars. To assist us in this we are pleased to have two members of the IEF with us here at the Area 51 Media Center, located a mile or so from the launch site. Please welcome Colonel Ira Asner, the Commanding Officer and the Chief Executive Officer, Mr Ted Sawyer.” Camera pulls back to show all three.
“Welcome gentlemen and good morning.”
“Good morning, Frank,” Sawyer responds.
“Morning Frank. But Frank I think that we need…” The Colonel has a worried look on his face.
Camera refocuses on the host’s face who interrupts Asner.
“So today is the big day gents. The first launch of the Orion, the first of many I am sure of what is bound to be a game-changing approach to space travel. There is even talk of a tourist industry in which those willing to pay what I assume would be a rather substantial amount would be allowed to accompany these sorts of missions. Gentlemen? How do you feel about that?”
A PA announces ‘ten-nine-eight-seven…’ 
The host looks around, “Hey. Where did those guys go? Get them back up here! I’m not done with them.”
PA continues ‘three-two-one…’
The host turns and looks at Orion. A bright flash frames him. “Shit! Holy shit!!”
Host ducks out of camera range. 
Microphone saturates as noise levels are exceeded.
Camera swings up crazily. Screen goes blank.
“…king edit that out, right?”

***
They had driven up as far as they could then left the jeep to walk to the perimeter fence. A quick look around revealed none of those annoying guards, but one never knew for sure. Of course not. But at this godawful hour of the day they were probably in their office, drinking coffee, watching TV. 
They climbed over the fence and proceeded up to the crest of the hill that gave a commanding view of the site, not much more than a quarter mile away. 
“Not much to look at is it?”
“Nope. Just a dome. But when the UFOs attack I bet it opens up and there’ll be them ray guns shooting all over the place.”
“You don’ believe that do you really?”
“I seen it for myself at that other place.”
“Area 31? I’m not sure what you saw was what happened. Lots of us saw weird stuff that night and I don’t think it was them UFOs that caused it.” 
“What then?”
“Maybe a sad lack of quality control in the street drug industry?”
“Ha’h. Yep.”
The initial blast slammed them to the ground; hard and fast. They never got to argue over that, though. It was last thing either of them saw, felt or heard.

***
Heinz watched the analog clock on the wall time up to 0400. At a seemingly unconnected time Lt Col Edward’s voice came on the PA and started to count down from 10. At zero, the lights flickered, maybe and there was a muffled boom. He was pressed down into his bed, not uncomfortably, but very, very firmly.  The pressure lasted about three seconds, then was replaced by something else, something different – no doubt the nuclear explosion sequence had started.
It manifested itself as a tick, thud and bang, followed by a lot of whooshing and mechanical noises that were heard everywhere on Orion.  It repeated itself every few seconds, give or take.  It went on for what the clock on the wall claimed was seven minutes but felt like a century. Suddenly it stopped. 
The next feeling was panic. They were falling.

CHAPTER 15 – A BUSY DAY

A Question of Some Gravity

They were falling of course; however, everyone knew this.  Training had made sure of it.
They were falling in an arc that balanced the pull of gravity against the outward force generated by the ship speeding away from Earth. However, the odds of them being aimed precisely at Mars at this early point were fascinatingly small. It would have been nothing more than an accidental event had this been so. More work was required.
Heinz was sorely tempted to release himself from the bonds of his bed and go to the Bridge, but several things stopped him. First, it was not his job. He would be in the way and when things got sorted out, only have to make his way back to this room and tie himself down. Again.
The second was more pressing.  Being forewarned was not being pre-disposed nor prepared. He felt sick. He felt panic. He felt like this whole thing had been a colossal mistake.
He pulled the barf bag from under his pillow and spread it open. 
“Oh God! We’re falling!” 
Teller looked over at him, slightly amused and / or annoyed.  
“You’re not dying, Henry. You are not falling. Actually Doc Ley refers to it as floating. Not quite like floating though. He says there is no word for this sensation yet. And if your navy time did you any good at all, you know you don’t have to be sick. At least not forever.”
“Oh God, Dave. It’s not the same!  You look out a porthole. You look at the horizon. You go to the head and do it and never fess up to it. It’s not the same.”
“Then go ahead and barf. You have my word I won’t tell a soul.”
He did.  However, it made things only a little bit better.
The PA broke in, “All hands, secure yourselves; secure yourselves. Ground Control has provided in-flight corrections which are being set as I speak. We will re-commence engine firing in less than five minutes. Oh yeah. And welcome to space.”
“So you didn’t take your pills?”
“Pills? There are pills here?”
“Gravol? You know about Gravol, for god’s sake. Well actually, they are generic and not real Gravol. But how could you not know about…”
“Yes of course, I just don’t have any. I didn’t know. Or maybe I didn’t think.”
Teller reached under his cot and drew out a small sack. He threw it gently towards Heinz. Slowly, dramatically it seemed, it floated over. Heinz grabbed it; opened it and things came out: nail cutters, scissors, bandages, etc, including a small prescription capsule and a bottle of water. He put the unneeded items back. Carefully he opened the ‘Gravol’, took out a couple of pills and then, after securing and stowing it, unscrewed the water. He sipped, learning in an instant something that would stay with him for the rest of his life - drinking water in space is no fun. He struggled with it, nearly re-doing the barf thing, but managed to get it down.  He looked at the bag, then Teller.
“Thanks. I owe you one.”
“Keep it, Exec. Besides, you’ve got one under your cot. Toss it over. When you can. Ley also says that some few people will never adjust to this space thing, but some will adjust and love it, and some he said will never want it to end.” Heinz had to wonder where he would land in that yard.
A PA countdown squared the conversation away.
“Ten, nine, eight…,” and so on. The voice was not Edwards, not Teller for certain. Ley?
The engine came on and for a time, time enough for the ‘Gravol’ to kick in anyway, his stomach was settled. Live and learn. Again.

Breathe Deep the Gathering Gloom,
But watch out for the barf and shoes

After one minute and ten seconds the engine noise stopped again and there was a long period of silence in which nothing much could be heard or learned. Then it started again for about one minute. After about seven minutes it started again for about half a minute.
At last a PA announcement advised that initial orbit had been attained and that personnel were free to explore the ship until further notice. Heinz and Teller undid their cot straps and somewhat tentatively, floated free. 
Heinz was still very much not normal about most things, but at least his stomach had settled down. However, the secondary effect of motion sickness drugs – sleepiness, had settled in. All in all it was familiar to him and probably survivable. Only time will tell.
Teller informed him that as much as everyone desired it, it would be some days before the ship could be rotated and a degree of gravity obtained. There was much work to be done: some equipment had to be moved on rails to the ‘in space’ position, along the wall versus what had been the floor and the radars had to be deployed.  Indeed, the Mess Hall and all standby and sleeping quarters required this immediately. Heinz had only recently and incompletely been briefed on these aspects of space travel.
Regardless, duty called and he pushed himself towards the door of their quarters.  Floating, he pulled it open, a compromise at best; the door met him halfway, clunking him on the forehead. 
He looked around and saw the amazing sight of a dozen or so crewmen floating about in the open space; none with any apparent purpose in mind other than having simple fun. Some were slowly somersaulting across the deck, others pretended to, or perhaps were trying to swim, all to the enjoyment of others.  A few had pulled out their Kodaks and were snapping pictures of guys doing cool stuff in space. And some, the few he could relate to looked sullen and moody.
It seemed suddenly a long way to the stairway, but why bother with that? Why not just push off and glide upwards as the others were doing? 
Completely ignored by them he watched the assembled multitude milling about for a few minutes and concluded that a protocol was going to be necessary otherwise no one would be able to go anywhere, at least not without bumping into or grabbing and potentially offending others. Social distancing?
Something to discuss with Edwards?  
Teller was now behind him.
“Over in NASA they have a protocol for people moving about in space. They teach it to the rookies. They call it the Heinlein protocol.”
Excusing himself in passing Heinz Teller called out, “Attention to passageway. Clear the decks.” 
Order was quickly restored with personnel disappearing back into their quarters, the Mess Hall and Recreation Area. A few drifted up or down beside the stairwell on the way to their place of duty.
Teller looked at Heinz and gestured up, calling out in a command voice for all to hear, “They’ll be plenty of time for floating around, people. Plenty of time to get your ‘space legs’. Now to your duties.”  
Yes, Heinz already knew the fix and it didn’t come from his Navy life, where ‘gangway’ usually did it, usually sorted things out quickly. Usually. No, it was something he had read, long ago by Robert Heinlein. Space legs? Of course! Space Cadet! Yes!
Heinlein had written in great detail about this very problem of a novice ship’s crew moving about in weightless conditions in Space Cadet. But nothing was mentioned about toilets. Or women in space. At least not there, anyway.

***
They moved over to the now almost clear stairway and pulled themselves up. There being an insufficiently wide gap from the inside edge of the treads to the supporting column for anything larger than a large rabbit to sneak through it was necessary to make a continuous curving upward left turn. Not exactly a skill one was born with or a natural thing to do. Thank god for handrails! But for the moment he classed himself as a space-man.
  The Bridge Deck hatch was open, something that rang alarm bells in Heinz’s ever-safety-conscious-mind.  What if there is…later!
Edwards sat at the Pilot’s position, held in place by a single lap belt. They drifted towards him, aided by the suddenly noticed and heretofore previously useless hand rails with strategically placed hand grips. 
“Welcome to space, gentlemen.”
“Thank you sir,” Teller answered. “I trust everything is going to plan, sir?”
“Yes.  It took a few more bombs than they had calculated. That’s why it took a bit longer than we expected to correct the initial orbit, but still nothing to be concerned about.” 
“Live and learn, I guess.”
“Yes. Live and learn.”
Heinz enquired, “How many extra?”
“Sixty-five.”
“I see,” he replied but didn’t. More to follow.
“When do we move off orbit?”
“Ground Control is calculating that now. They’re thinking it will take two or three orbits to get a true orientation and timing.”
“So we wait?”
“Yes. We wait.” Edwards looked to Teller, “Take over here will you, Cap. I want to bring the Exec up to date on a few things.”
“Yes sir.”
Heinz looked at the Pilot Station, noticing for the first time a view screen that showed the Earth, very much as he had seen from satellite imagery and of not much better quality. “How many cameras are there?”
Edwards flipped a few switches and showed in succession a view looking aft from four cameras and from more cameras looking forward from the sides of the ship.  Only one could be seen at a time.
“Imagine if somehow we could merge all four cameras into a single picture,” Edwards said innocently.
A nearby TSgt chuckled respectfully, “Well sir, we’ll be lucky if that CRT holds together for the whole trip,” but then he added in a more serious tone, “We’ve got spares though. Sir. Plenty enough.”
It dawned on Heinz that as there were no portholes, those cameras were it for outside viewing purposes. He said so.
Teller responded, “Actually the airlock doors have windows, Exec.”
Heinz grunted, “Yeah, but no tourists allowed there. And they’re pretty small. Could get crowded.”
“Yep. Probably already is.”
Edwards undid his belt, gestured towards his Ready Room and with a foot flick floated away.
Teller quickly strapped himself in and gazing over the instrument panel, gave Heinz a look he had seen before. All he failed to do was wave ‘bye-bye’.  Heinz followed the Commander.

***
But First a Word from Our Sponsors

On a ship, time is divided into Bells. For Heinz, life at sea meant short bursts of work followed by short periods of rest. These four-hour long segments of the day were called watches. These are the divisions of the working day as well as the members of the crew that work these shifts. Because a ship needs to be manned 24 hours a day, the crew are split into two or more teams or Watches so that they can sleep and relax watching TV or movies when not keeping watch.
The first watch is from 2000 until midnight; the middle watch is from midnight to 0400; the morning watch is from 0400 until 0800; the forenoon watch is from 0800 until noon; the afternoon watch is from noon to 1600.
The next two watches are divided into 'dog watches' – the first dog watch is from 1600 until 1800 and the last dog watch is from 1800 until 2000. The dog watches watch; but do little else.
Naturally this regimen did not apply to Orion. At least not yet.
The intended plan was for the Bridge ‘Day Crew’ to consist of the Commander, the First Engineer, the most senior Communications and Radar Specialist and, and… that was about it.  They would man the desks for a 12 hour shift and then following a ‘mission briefing’ turn things over to the Exec with similar manning. At Teller’s suggestion Heinz had decided to forgo the sounding of bells over the PA to signify the end of a watch.
Heinz had considered other options. At heightened states of operational alert, a couple of other stations, namely Security and Science would need to be manned, but all considered including Teller’s input, he decided for day to day ops they were not really required.  The remainder of the crew were occupied in maintenance and training.  Eventually boring but always essential training.
 
***
Edwards closed the door with a casual horizontal foot kick and came to rest on his cot clutching the cover with two fists and gestured for Heinz to take the chair. He did so and strapped himself in.
“So. How you feeling?” Edwards started.
“A bit nauseous but no surprise there. Usually takes a few days for me to settle at sea, too. Although right now the pills are just kicking and I’m feeling sleepy. Or something like it.”
“Yeah. Same here. But no surprises anywhere there. You never really know until you’re here. Some of us may never fully adjust, they say.”
“OK. Well, unless these pills work as advertised space travel isn't going to be popular. We’ll see, I guess.”
“OK. Moving on. You are the Exec, the second in command and responsible for the day to day operation of the ship. All section heads report to you. No surprises there?”
“No sir. No surprise at the scope of the job, but I could have used a few months, maybe years to get ready,” Heinz smiled.  
Edwards stayed dead-pan. “Yes. Well, I guess I owe you an explanation don’t I?” 
Heinz started with the ‘no business of mine’ face that protocol required. 
Edwards waved a hand at him. “You were not their first choice. And I don’t mean after White. They were considering promoting Teller to major. And there were others.”
“He seems quite adept and ready. And better trained than I am, perhaps?” Not even the third choice?
“Yes, perhaps a bit too adept and a bit too ready. But I have serious concerns about the way this spacecraft is to be run. We’ve talked a bit about the way the Navy and Air Force approaches differ. I chose you; I insisted upon you because I wanted someone who doesn’t need to learn the obvious.”
“Thank you for your confidence. Yes, the obvious isn’t always obvious. But people learn. Some more quickly than others, but under duress they learn.”
“Yes. Or else. Well, I suppose you are right. But we’re here in space now and you can try, you can simulate things like takeoff, but this extended stay in space is something that you can’t really train for. This is not fire-fighting, first aid, creating a defensive position around a QRA. This is serious. This can get serious very quickly.”
“Yes.”
 “I need you to whip these people into serious mode right away.”
“Aye sir. It seems odd to have to ask, but do you have a roster?” And why now? Why not months ago? Cause we could be dead?
“Here, somewhere.” He fumbled at his desk and pulled out a paper. A single sheet; typewritten, some pencil marks scratched onto it. Other pages seized the moment to try and flee. He handed it to Heinz and snatched the others. “Need a moment?”
“Yes. If I may?”
“Take your time. I feel negligent in not giving my Exec a full briefing, but I wasn’t sure the powers that be would go along with my decision.”
“Well it’s never too late to learn about the people you’ll be spending two years with.” He reviewed the short list:

Commander
Executive Officer – LT (N) H Heinz – corrected in pencil
Pilot – Lt Teller – corrected in pencil
CMSgt – S. Harvey
1st Engineer – Lt Teller corrected in pencil
2nd Engineer – Lt Farman
1st Radar and Communications Officer – himself in pencil
2nd Radar and Communications Officer – Lt Teller 
Navigation Officer – Lt Teller
Senior Radar and Communications Maintenance NCO – TSgt S Struthers
Radar and Communications Maintenance Technician - MS A Mackenzie
Radar and Communications Maintenance Technician – MCpl B Swinemar
Radar and Communications Maintenance Technician – MCpl A Desharnais
Senior Facilities Engineering Maintenance NCO – SMSgt T Quinn
Facilities Engineering Maintenance Technician – TSgt J York
Facilities Engineering Maintenance Technician – TSgt B English
Facilities Engineering Maintenance Technician – TSgt A Leduc
Senior Electrical Systems Maintenance Technician – TSgt A Sim
Senior Electrical Systems Maintenance Technician – TSgt Q Jones
Supply Services Technician – TSgt J Deutschendorf
Senior Medical Services NCO – SSgt ‘Doc’ Ostrow
Medical Service NCO – TSgt C Strong 
Senior Cook – TSgt E Holliman
Cook – TSgt C Whipp
Senior Military Police NCO – TSgt C Eastwood
Military Police NCO – TSgt B Archer
1st Mission Scientist – Dr Ley
2nd Mission Scientist – Dr Schiller

Something was not right. “Twenty four persons, twenty-eight jobs. Not bad, but the media was saying a 47 plus crew.”
“Well, they got it wrong.  What you see is what was settled upon a long time ago. Well. Three months ago.”
“I see. And I’ve met only Doctor Ley, the other one must…”
“Schiller. He’s laid up. Very senior. You’ll see him soon enough. If he survives the adjustment.”
Heinz folded the roster and passed it back to Edwards. 
“Keep it. You’ll need it before I do.” Edwards paused, then, “May I ask a question about your experiences?”
“Yes.”
“Do the Executive Officer and the Captain always see eye to eye about how to run the ship?”
“Not always. No. But the Captain has command. The final word.”
Edwards gave him the ‘I know, I’m not stupid but you are look’ Heinz expected. 
Then, “Well after all, a Commanding Officer doesn’t need brains. Just a good loud voice, huh?”
Heinz laughed, “Ha! So I’ve heard. But you’re further ahead than many Captains I’ve served under.”
Edwards laughed, “Imagine that; because I can’t.”
“May I speak freely, sir?
“Of course Henry, always, as long as that door is closed.”
“On some of the best run ships I’ve served on it was obvious that the Exec and Captain were at war. I’ve seen the Captain dress down the Exec on the Bridge in front of officers and hands.”
“Ouch. That seems inappropriate.”
“Well, it didn’t make the ship incapable of doing her job. And as I’ve learned, it is sometimes necessary. And it wasn’t about the movies being shown onboard I can assure you. A few times the Exec had overstepped and had it coming. Tough, but necessary. I think it is part of the price you pay.”
“Price?”
“The Captain needs to be above question. By anyone on the ship. I think it served in each case to reinforce that little tidbit about the chain of command. Because some things require sacrifice. People will sacrifice, but command is sometimes necessary to make it so. The Exec must know his place.”
“Ah yes. I agree.” Edwards paused, “I hope it won’t be necessary.”
“Well, if it is, I trust my skipper will take command. In the end…”
“Understood.” Edwards said, cutting him off. He said nothing for a space of time. 
“Moving on. So. I expect you to exercise command over the running of the ship. Any ideas come to mind?”
“Well, as I was coming up I noticed the deck hatch was open. My thinking is that if there is a loss of air on any deck, it won’t take long for the entire ship to empty.”
“Umm,” Edwards paused, “Well? So?”
“So, general rule number one, all deck hatches to be closed at all times.”
“Agreed.”
“Are there space suits on each deck?”
“No. They are all on the Hangar Deck. And regardless, there are not enough of them for everyone.”
Heinz was surprised at this revelation. “Then they should be dispersed among the decks, not kept in one locker.”
“Makes sense. How?”
“Bridge Deck and engine room have priority. Full manning.”
“But that would mean…you know there is no one in the engine room. But…I’m beginning to see what you mean about captain and exec not seeing eye to eye. It’s almost natural not to. But you are right. Go on.”
“Fire drills. Loss of pressure drills. Exiting the ship in a spacesuit drills.”
Edwards asked, “Yes. Fire arms training?”
“There are weapons on board?”
“Yes. Pistols for officers and the CMS, to be issued at certain states of alert. But we also have two dozen AR-16s. And I was joking about the training part.”
“Yes sir. Pistols, I see, but why rifles?”
“This is a military vessel. Must have made sense to someone.”
“By the way, where are they?”
“On the Hangar Deck.  The locker on the wall to the left of the main door. And there are a couple of pistols in that box marked Firearms on the wall to your left.”
Heinz looked and saw the box, with keys inserted. Two keys.  “I think I should hold the keys.”
“CMS does, but agreed. What else?” Edwards paused, “Look. I’m sure you can put things together. No need to hurry.”
 “A shift schedule will be needed soon. Unless you have already settled on a routine, sir?
“Yes, but go on Henry. Continue.”
 “I suggest we do the two 12 hour shifts. At least initially, until training is complete and we can perhaps go to three eight hours shifts.”
“Agreed.”
“However, I should take the day shift, freeing you for more important things. Teller and Farman can alternate on the other shift.”
“OK. But let’s let that wait until we are in full space mode to do this.”
“Yessir, agreed. Cross-training of personnel in trade skills and knowledge? From what I’ve read I gather it’s not the USAF’s way, but …”
“Absolutely. We have our reasons, but…agreed.” 
The PA on the desk beeped, conveniently interrupting this obligatory but somewhat awkward discussion. Edwards nodded.
Heinz toggled it on. 
It was Teller, “Commander, MSC has passed up the plan for leaving on the next orbit. We’re going to need Doctor Ley up here. Right away, sir.” 
Edwards muttered, “Ack. Get him up here.” 
“Yessir.” 
Heinz toggled the switch off. 
“Well. I may be the Commander but MSC is God.” 
“Yes.”
“I’ll bring everyone in on this. We’ll have an open discussion on how things should go, as soon as possible. The sooner the better. This may be old hat to you, but it’s new to most of us. I’m hearing Bob White’s words. Again. Discussion and agreement will work. For now.”
And that was apparently that. At least for now
But then Edwards stared him in the face. “Henry, Dave Teller is a good man – a good officer. I think you can count on him for whatever comes up.” 
“I believe you, sir.”
“And as for you? You must be ready to replace me. On short notice. And he must be ready to replace you, too. Make him ready.”
“Aye sir. Will do.”  What the hell is going on here?
Heinz floated to the side to let Edwards lead them out of the room. He got a look. 
As they made their way back to the operations area, Edwards, in humour mode followed up, “I think we should dispense with that order of departure BS for the time being. It takes too long to get people lined up.”
“Yes sir. Good idea. But from what I’ve already seen I think it may lead to pushing and shoving. And touching.”
“Aye. But I think it’ll be worth that risk.”

***
It was still 30 minutes before engine ‘ignition’, a term they had all agreed suited the purpose despite the inherent inaccuracy. Heinz and Teller returned to their quarters.
Heinz, to his utter surprise, fell asleep and was awakened by the ‘pulsing’ of the engine. Six minutes and 30 seconds later it ended. 
They were now on their way to Mars; a four month trip by initial estimates. 
It now being lunch time he and Teller made their way to the Mess Hall, only to find it full and all seats taken. Something else for the Exec to sort out, it seemed. Or the CMS. Or just live with it.

***
Edwards called Heinz, Teller, Farman and the CMS to his Ready Room a couple of hours later. There were not enough chairs, something that only a short time ago would have been an important factor with seating to be done in accordance with rank, etc. However, things had changed. And were still changing. Such as finding a relaxed, yet dutiful and proper way to float about in the presence of your Commander. Heinz took the spare seat but didn’t strap in. 
“Well gents, we are on our way. It is time to prepare the ship for the flight portion. That means, among other things, preparing for rotation, establishment of watches, work routines, drills and such.” 
Edwards looked at the three floaters in turn, ending with Heinz, “Each of you of course know your own role in these things, but for the sake of each of us having a full understanding of this somewhat novel event, I would ask each of you to inform us all of your plans and prep. Any discussion should take place now. Don’t hesitate to bring something forward or question decisions. Open floor.” He looked at Heinz, “Er, deck,” and smiled.
He saw something else in their faces and continued, “Because none of us has ever done anything like this I want you to speak your mind. We are setting precedences here. Everyone on board with that?” 
No one argued. “CMS? Would you begin please?”
“Yes sir. Hands are ready on your word to move the Hangar Deck storage, WS and LSS equipment to the wall.  And as you are aware of course, sir the Mess Hall and quarters on the Main Deck are already fitted for rotation.” The CMS paused and looked to the doorway. 
“Doctor Ley. Come in sir and take a…some space,” Edwards spoke and gestured. Dr Ley floated in.
“I have asked Doctor Ley to listen in on this discussion, since he is the most knowledgeable of the ship’s systems. CMS? Continue.”
“We need to settle on a shift schedule and silent hours minimum manning.”
“The Exec will fill us in on that. Lieutenant Commander?” 
“Yes sir. I am suggesting that we do two 12 hour shifts until training is complete and then we go to three eight hours shifts. I will take the day shift. You two,” gesturing at Teller and Farman, “will alternate the other.” He paused to let it sink in. “Any issues? Discussion?” There were none. “So, CMS, I’ll leave it to you organise things to fit that?”
“Yessir. I’m interested in how long you think training will take to enable transition to three shifts, sir. We’ll talk later?’
“Yes.”
“CMS? Continue?”
The CMS went on about Mess Hall protocol and ended asking if meals were to be served on a 24 basis. 
Edwards asked, “Exec? Any direction there?”
“Yes sir. I think, given the manning situation, just the usual three per day at 0700, 1200 and 1800 should do it.”
The CMS offered that hands could be assigned to assist the Cook and his helper, noting as an aside that this was an effective disciplinary action in situations requiring something informal but official. 
Heinz agreed with the CMS’s suggestion re use of the kitchen detail for discipline and said so.
Discussion went on until Edwards interceded, “I think we’ll go with the Exec’s decision, at least until things settle down. CMS?” 
“Sir. I believe that we need to conduct regular emergency drills in the event something happens.  Some things will require we act as a team to accomplish a goal, rather than respond according to our jobs. For instance, fire drills. Everyone must respond one way or another – locking things down, fighting the fire, assisting to evacuate sections, assisting the med staff, accounting for numbers, that sort of stuff. The crew were informed during training where the equipment is but apparently nothing has been done to create teams and formalise procedures.”
“Agreed. Exec?”
“Yes sir,” Heinz paused, triggered by the looks on various faces, “This is not new to anyone?” No one nodded yes. It was SOP everywhere. “I have prepared a list – all I need is assistance to get people assigned and get organised.”
Edwards clearly saw his part in this, “Well, we all know that regular exercises in Base Defence, Command Post operations, lock-downs are used for this purpose. Perhaps, we should adopt the Command Post model with the ops area manned full time as the Exec suggests, vice the usual Base mode, you know? Go to work, do your job, go home? We are going to be away for a long time. Ideas?” 
It was accepted. 
The CMS volunteered to implement the Exec’s list without ever having seen it. Heinz decided he was starting to like him. Same school?
Teller asked a few questions about the role of the Pilot, “With these things in place, these changes, is it still my job to steer the ship? To make decisions of that sort?” 
 “Teller? Wait one about that. I’d like you to compare what the Exec is about to say with what you are asking.”
“Sir.”
Heinz thought a moment about this. This smelled of setup. This whole thing, this meeting had been, he felt for lack of a better tern – awkward. Yes. A setup.
However, merely stating how things worked, at least usually, on a ship was not criticising or making demands on the USAF-way of doing things. Maybe?
He began, “Under normal cruising routines, say going from New York to Gibraltar, until the harbour is cleared the CO is usually on the Bridge and in command. As soon as things become routine he turns it over to the Officer of the Watch. When there are shipping lanes to be followed for a fixed distance the navigator has already prepared the headings etc, and advises the OOW of the magnetic heading and the Officer of the Watch issues commands to the helmsman who steers to that heading and keeps the boat on that heading. The Navigator also advises a speed, based on the sea conditions and weather forecast. Lookouts keep continuous watch and warn the Bridge of anything dangerous.” Why was he doing this?
He paused, not to take a breath or to await their curious comments, but rather because it felt just plain wrong to be lecturing them with this stuff in this too formal manner. Lecturing. Yes
He got over the moment. “The Officer of the Watch takes the necessary action to avoid these things, and then advises the Exec who brings it the Commander’s attention if necessary.  When the ship approaches harbour the CO takes over again until the ship is moored or anchored.  Captain Teller? How does that fit?” 
“I think that would work for us. I would continue to monitor our course, and in coordination with MSC and Doctor Ley prepare course changes and make recommendations to Lieutenant Colonel Edwards to carry out when required. I don’t think we have to have lookouts. Once the radars are deployed, the Bridge crew can watch continuously. They are, in effect, your lookouts.”
“Does the radar have an alarm system if it sees something, something coming our way, I mean.” Edwards asked.
“No sir. Someone’s got to keep an eye out,” Teller, again.
Dr Ley joined in, “There is virtually no probability of meeting something, anything, in space. And sad to say, if we do, it may be on very short notice, not more than a few seconds. I would not waste manpower looking at a scope for that purpose.”
“Thank you Doctor Ley. That’s why you’re here.”
“It is no problem Commander. But if someone does by chance see something approaching at us on one of the radar screens, if there is no change in course over time, it will collide with us. But is very unlikely that someone would be looking at that precise moment.” 
“Copy that everyone?” Heinz interjected. Same as cars. Boats and spaceships! People walking on streets, head down, reading their newspaper.
Teller nodded at this simple and well known fact, at least to pilots and continued, “As we approach Mars, at critical times we will need to have the Bridge fully manned and under Lieutenant Colonel Edwards command, with hands at all stations. For orbital insertion and so on.”
“Yes.”
“I think sir the only question is monitoring the ship’s condition, keeping the crew in training mode, well fed and reasonably content. That’s the time consuming part of this,” Teller added. At that point, if he’d had a chair to lean back on he would have done so.
“That it?”
“Yessir!”
“Exec?”
It was unavoidable, so Heinz charged in, “Yes. I think the only question unanswered, is that at sea the Exec is effectively the go-to person for ship issues. He reports to the Captain and of course, if the ship goes into action, the CO takes over. But the OpsO, someone we don’t actually have here, runs the battle scenario. I think a good analogy would be the pilot gets the bomber to the general area and the bombardier makes the final corrections and drops the bombs. I am not aware that we have any mission that deviates from the one of just getting somewhere so there is probably no requirement for a separate OpsO?”
“Well, a good point, none the less. So far you are correct. This mission is to get to Mars. Teller?”
“Agreed sir.”
“Doctor Ley? CMS? Lt Farman?”
Dr Ley took the opportunity, “We are on what is essentially a training mission, to learn how to build, launch, and if I may permitted to employ an old word, to fly a spaceship. This ship is not without its flaws, some of which will become apparent as things progress. Training for things such as engine or reactor problems, air containment, air conditioning issues is of course vital. I am anxious to commence rotation.  Rotation of a ship of this size has never been attempted. We are an experiment. There are potential problems with weight and balance. Engineering and design is challenging, building is expensive but launch is final. Sir?”
“Well? Anyone have anything to add? No? Well, work together to pull things in line. We can always change it if it doesn’t work out. So. Let’s set a time for rotation. CMS?”
“Twenty-four hours sir. I need that time to get it done. And I’m sure the Exec will want to see it all when we’re finished?”
“Aye.”
“Doctor Ley?”
“Yes. Two things. One, the radars should be in their deployed position prior to rotation so that the balancing system does not have to deal with such a large dynamic change. And two, I would like to accompany the Exec and the CMS in their inspection. At least this first time.”
“Yes. Well? Anything else?”  There was nothing.
“To your duties gentlemen. Set the target for rotation for 1300 hours. We will meet here at 1200 hours to make the final call. Take your measure from that.”
“Aye sir.”
“Ok then. You’re dismissed… Henry? Hold up a minute.” 
“Sir.”
The others floated out in order of succession, Teller first.
Edwards closed one door and opened another for a candid discussion of what had just happened. “You OK with things?”
“Yes. There is only one thing that is unresolved in my mind and it may be completely out of scope. For the Air Force.”
“Where’re you going with this?”
“On a ship, at certain states of alert, the Bridge officers, all officers and some NCOs are issued firearms.”
“To?”
“To, if necessary, enforce discipline.”
“Yes. I see. I’m familiar with that. You think that is necessary here? On my ship?”
“Yes I do, but the Commander sets the levels of all things. It’s your call sir.”
“Well, a funny thing happened to me early in my career. As a pilot you still get ground jobs. One of mine as an LT was in a Command Post at a missile silo in North Dakota.  Day one was pretty quiet. Tours and introductions? At the end of the day I had my finger on the button – one of two – you know of what I speak?”
“Yes, I do.”
“Well the CO had the other. The next day, or maybe it was a couple of days later, we had an operational exercise. Guards out, both command positions manned, other jobs assigned? Mine was Battle Damage Officer. We ran up through the Def Cons, that sort of thing?”
Familiar with the principles, Heinz nodded.
“Well at Def Con 2, I think it was, the CMS starts to hand out sidearms, to the CO, to me, to another officer whose name and actual job I forget, and then straps one on himself.”
“Of course.”
“Well it wasn’t an ‘of course’ moment for me, I can tell you. So I asked the CO front and center – ‘Why are we getting weapons?’ I‘d fired a total of ten pistol rounds so far in my career. He looked at me, full in the face and in front of everybody laced right into me. ‘You don’t know?  Didn’t they teach you anything at the school?’ I answered honestly – ‘Not about this.’ He went on questioning me. All in all, a good way to do it I suppose. At least it seems so to me now. He asked me what I did in Ops. I answered correctly. He went on about my other job, sending repair parties out to keep the place running after an attack. Then he says to me, ‘What do you do if someone doesn’t do as you have ordered?’ I said, ‘I’ll try to reason with them. Instil a sense of duty and so on.’ You know?”
Heinz nodded assent.
“Now really upset, he cuts me off, ‘You shoot them.’ I said ‘You’ve got to be kidding’, which later seemed to be the wrong thing to say!  The CO pointed at his seriously pissed off face and said to me, ‘Do I look like I’m kidding LT?’ I got it. But then, like an idiot I asked ‘Why does the CMS have a gun?’”
Heinz chuckled, knowing the answer that was forthcoming.
“Cause if you don’t do what I say, he’s going to shoot you!”
Heinz again suppressed a laugh, “Point made?”
“Yes. Point made. Better than a two hour lecture on ‘What we are here for’, I can tell you.”
“They teach that at my branch school. But I think I slept through it.” Humour in difficult moments.
“Well, back to business. You think we need to put that in place?”
“All in, yes sir I do.”
“Well, make it so Number One. Inform the CMS and have it written it up.”
“Aye sir!” Heinz turned to leave, “You never got to push that button did you?”
“Ha’h! How did you figure that out Henry? No, thank God. Close, but just close. ‘Launch the missiles? Or was it, ‘Lunch with the missus?’ Now get out of here before I go looking for my sling-shot!”
“Yessir!”

***
The CMS informed him of the procedures in place for the Small Arms Locker on the Hangar Deck.  Simply put, should it be ordered by the Commander, weapons would be distributed as required to whomever it was directed to meet whatever the threat. He did not finish with, “Are there any questions.” Heinz still had a few, but they were his to ask and indeed, to answer.
The CMS had one key and informed him that another was in a locker on the Bridge Deck. To this the CMS added the revelation, “There are small arms there, plus ammunition. Five I believe. I have a key. And here is one for you, sir.” 
He handed Heinz a very nondescript looking gold coloured key labelled ‘Master’. Heinz slipped it into his pocket. Done. For now.

***
Heinz and the CMS also discussed the means by which Orion’s crew could speak with their families from space. From Mars’ surface this was obviously going to be on another level of difficulty, but while in space it was potentially much easier. And it was not without a degree of familiarity to Heinz or the CMS.
When at sea a ship’s crew immediately lost all routine contact with their families until they were in a port with access to a telephone service with hopefully, a connection to the AUTOVON service.
If not that left it to the postal service, which on extended missions with their ‘where-the-hell-are-we-going-to-next’ indeterminate aspect did the best it could but….still. 
There was that and MARS, a radio service by and for military personnel that allowed contact with family and friends via shipboard HF radio calls made to helpful ‘hams’ who would do phone patches to local phone numbers to complete the connection. CMS Harvey advised he would look into the possibility of scheduling times with hams he personally knew and with Dr Ley who seemed, the CMS expressed, to be able to manipulate the radio waves to achieve his own ends without much effort or difficulty. 
The other thing they discussed was the need for formal crew assessments which were supposed to be submitted annually and which affected things like posting preferences and promotions.  The CMS agreed with the necessity to prepare them but suggested that sending in such things to MSC was difficult, if not impossible.
“They’d have to be written up for CPAC and I’m not sure they’d survive that process. And what would they do with them if they got them? Probably they’d trash ’em? It’s not as if we can fax them in to their home units. So I’d say no bother, sir.” Thank God.
They soon agreed that the mere experience of being on this spaceship to Mars ensured future promotions would come in minimum time and that they could probably pick and choose their postings. Case closed.

CHAPTER 16 - A WALK IN THE DARK

Radar Day

Heinz and Teller went over to the radar control area to get the side-mounted units ready for rotation. The radar was broken. Of course.
Desharnais, with screwdriver in hand was floating awkwardly over one of the three monitors.
“What’s the problem Alain?” Heinz asked.
Startled by their sudden appearance he turned too quickly, bumping and sending spinning slowly towards them a large CRT. They frantically clawed at space to get out of the way wisely fearing an electric shock, or if it broke an explosion with heavy glass and metal flying. They’d all seen the movie. And there was no gravity to help find the pieces.
“I shorted it out, but they’re still pretty fragile. Too fragile for my liking.”
Desharnais reached out and grabbed it casually and effortlessly pushed it into the box the replacement had come in. Getting no reaction, he repeated his techy lead-in, “I shorted it out, but they’re still pretty fragile. Way too fragile for my liking.”
“You going to pop it?” Heinz asked, avoiding biting on that.
“No sir. I’m going to put it back in stores. It could still be used as a spare. If you had nothing better.”
“What happened?”
“Well sir, some fool left the indicator on at max brightness and with the sweep off it burned the screen. But I won’t be much longer. Almost finished…there…HV lead and socket on and…done… So we control the horizontal; we control the verticle. We can roll the image and we can make it flutter. But you…”
“I get it Master Corporal. Thanks for reminding me.”
Desharnais failed to smile. “There. Done, sir.”
He paused a moment, “Etes-vous bilingue Monsieur?” he asked of Heinz.
“No. Why would I be? Je sais juste assez pour faire la trouble.” Well, not in French anyway.
Given the circumstances Desharnais resisted a comeback. 
Teller looked confused, but soon recovered, “We don’t need a monitor to do what we want to do anyway. So, can we proceed?” 
“Yessir. No problem. I’m done tidying up now, so I am out of here, sir.” He floated away and down the stairway, screwdriver in hand.
“Well?” Teller asked.
“Pretty straight forward. At least it was in Syracuse. Here?”
“Theoretically the same. Flip the switch. Light changes colour. Done.”
“Do it?”
“Sure.” He flipped the ‘Extend’ switch for the ‘Port’ radar.
Nothing happened. “Hmm.”
He flipped the switch, back and forth repeatedly. The lamp steadfastly refused to change colour.
“Try the other.”
They got the same result.”
“Not good. We better go take a look.”
“Yes. But not much to see.”
On the way down Heinz asked Teller something he would eventually regret asking.
“That whole thing up there was for my benefit wasn’t it?”
“You mean with Desharnais?”
“No. The CSM and Ley.”
“Yes. Agreed. Not much new. And I think a lot of what we decided is going to fall aside, eventually. Things will settle down and…settle into routines that just get it done. Whatever it is.”
“Really?”
“Yes, really. Welcome aboard, Canner!”
Heinz hesitated. Normally opportunities like this were the time to sort these sorts of issues out. Teller was not really being disrespectful, possibly merely making an attempt at humour, but still, there was a measure of truth in what he had just said. Heinz had seen it before. As for the somewhat disrespectful reference to him as a Canner…it was when these things happened that you placed that distance between yourself and them, creating a space that at some future time might be useful in what was deemed a ‘leadership moment’. 
He considered a reply. Several in fact, then let it pass. 
But he did use a comeback, “OK, thanks Yanker!” 
They laughed heartily.
“Good one!” Teller exclaimed.
On the way down they picked up Swinemar.

***
Arriving on the Hangar Deck, they took a look at the ‘Port’ radar pod. Teller was right: there was not much to see. A waveguide and conduit from the electronics led to a bump in the wall which was about five yards high, three and a half wide and about one yard deep. A motor mounted at the center had a shaft that led into the pod.  Teller called upstairs and had someone activate the extender. The motor hummed; the shaft stayed still. They shut it down.
“Seized?”
Swinemar magically appeared with a crank handle, inserted it into a hole below the motor shaft and bracing himself against space, tried to turn it. No go.
They tried the ‘Starboard’ system and got the same results.
“Were they tested prior to takeoff?”
Swinemar replied, “Yes, both worked just fine. Ten seconds out and ten back in. Multiple tries. No whining; smooth action. I saw it from outside and in here. Well, I mean I heard it in here.”
“When?” Heinz asked.
“A week or ten days ago. At least. I think it was the day after me and the boys got here.”
Teller added, “So whatever it is, it’s common to both systems and barring some dumb engineering mistake, probably environmental. We’ll have to go out and have a look see.”
Heinz agreed. He should have kept his mouth shut but something from Hollywood intervened.
“You guys ever see Destination Moon?”
Swinemar had not; Teller gasped, “Shit, no!”
“What?”
Heinz continued, “It’s a movie about a spaceship going to the moon.  Made around 1950.  Just before liftoff, somebody greases a radar antenna mount using ordinary axle grease. It’s so cold in space it jams the antenna drive.
“Yeah! And they have to go out to free it. I forget the drama, but I think one of the guys floated away and was lost?” They looked at each other. Foreshadowing?
“Damn that Hollywood. Can make a drama out of snoozing.”
Swinemar joined in. “I saw that movie. Good one, sir! Er, what? Noisy in here, sir.” 
“It’s a two man job. Can’t go outside alone.” 
“We gonna draw straws, Exec?” Teller asked. 
“Why don’t we arm wrestle and the winner gets to go?” suggested Swinemar, looking suddenly wimpy and weak. “Sounds like a job for a couple of officers to me,” Swinemar jested, maybe.
Teller caved, or rather, accepted his fate. “The M-slash and I will go.”
“Sure.”
“But you need to tell the CO that we’ll need some time to get into suits, do some practice runs and so on.”
“Got it.”
“So Bruce, you ever worn a space suit?”
“Not really. I had about 15 minutes back there at 51. Scuba diving’s the closest. But I’m up for it.”
“How long before you’ll be ready?” Heinz asked. The implications were dawning.
“We should be ready to go out tomorrow, if we get right on it.”
“OK. Well get to it. I’ll tell the boss.”

It was after all, the 70’s

Edwards was not pleased at the news but faced with no alternatives he soon accepted the reality. 
Heinz enquired why the radar deployment could not wait. To his understanding the radars were only going to be required to survey the Martian surface for potential landing sites. And through a tie-in to the D-37C, they would provide navigational information on approach and landing. 
“No. It has to be done now. We’ll stay with rotation at 1300 hours unless they can’t free them up by then.” 
“Yes, sir. I’m going back down there to help. We’ll need to have someone up here to keep the switch off.”
“Yes. I’ll see to that,” Edwards said. “By the way, are you aware that these radars have additional mods for communications? The nose one too.”
Heinz wasn’t. 
“You are familiar with something called CPAC?”
“Yes. But I’m not aware of there being any communications capability in the CPAC system. But I suppose if you could code the…”
“Well, I don’t understand the tech aspects of it myself. I’m just a pilot. Teleradio? When required we are able to send high speed pictures and navigational statistics to MSC. It takes just ten or 20 seconds to send a very large message. Also, it is private. Not conventional encryption, but since you need the code to decode it, I guess it is. Anyway, these radars are more important than just for nav.”
“I see. What is the rate?”
“They say nine kilobits per second? Not my field I’m afraid. Is that a high speed?”
“Yes. That’s fast. I was not aware of that.” 
“Few are. Keep that under your hat, too.”
“Will do.” Heinz left. 

***
A couple of hours later Heinz returned to the Hangar Deck to see how Teller and Swinemar were getting on with it. He found them already fully suited and in the airlock with Teller instructing Swinemar in the ins and outs and ons and offs of the suit. He listened intently, since one never knew when one might need to know how to wear and use a spacesuit, particularly in space. Should have gotten here earlier!
This was not, as Swinemar had said on more than one occasion, scuba diving but apparently was close enough to fool you into thinking it was.
Teller surprised him, “We’re ready to go.”
“I thought you said tomorrow? You two sure you’re ready?” 
“Well yes. He’s a fast learner. For a Canner, anyway,” Teller tried to stay serious but failed miserably.
“Yes sir. Thanks for that, Cap. But if I don’t know by now I never will. So let’s do this!” 
Teller pulled some odd-looking pull-over shoes out of a locker and put them on, attaching the Velcro straps around his ankles carefully. He held out another pair for Swinemar, “These have magnetic plates on the bottom,” tapping them soundly, “and that is all that keeps you from floating away. That and a good long rope.”
“Velcro straps? Goddam Velcro?  In space?”  Swinemar
“Worked great in the lab. We’ll see Brucie. We’ll see.” 
You could get tired of that ‘we’ll see’ crap.
 Teller continued. “Also make sure you stay on the marked pathway. Most of the ship is titanium but the pathways have 16 gauge steel plating riveted on to keep you on board.” 
But then that last bit could turn out to be helpful, maybe. The value of paying attention.
They spent some time ensuring that they were setup on the same radio channel and how to comm using the helmet mike and chin-activated buttons. 
Mercifully no one said anything about how to flip a communicator, or said ‘Kirk out!’ or screamed ‘Spock, get me out of here!’ Save that for later?
Finally Teller was satisfied that Swinemar could do this; or at least, aid him in doing it. 
At their request Heinz spent some time going through a tool box looking for screwdrivers, scrapers, chisels and knives. These were stuffed into a netted bag. No wiper cloths? Or grease.
At last they were ready.
A rope, ten yards long and knotted every yard or so with carabineers at each end was attached to their belts. 
Heinz needed to know, “How long you going to be out there?”
“At most, two hours. I doubt we have enough air for much longer. Stress? You know?”
“We’ll monitor your freq. Where are you?”
“127.1. Backup is 119.7”
They entered the airlock and released the pressure.  Heinz watched through the tiny porthole in the door. The suits increased markedly in size as the pressure dropped.  They spent some time practicing walking, turning, flexing their legs and arms. And bouncing off the ceiling. 
Apparently satisfied, Teller waved at him and opened the door. 
Heinz’s first view of real space, much anticipated thing was blocked by Swinemar’s manoeuvring his butt around to get positioned to go out. He wished for a camera to catch it. He had considered borrowing one but in the end it would have been futile. 
Eventually they crawled on hands and knees over the lip. His view of space now showed nothing, not even stars. Heinz returned to the Bridge to inform the Commander.

The Ayes Have It

Back on the Bridge Heinz found a hive of activity. All positions except security were now manned, some by more than one person. Training, no doubt. But where were those ‘Red Shirts’.
He made his way to the Pilots chair where Edwards was ensconced and updated him on the good news.  Edwards flipped a switch and soon, on the video display, Teller and Swinemar could be seen walking across the hull.  The lighting was poor and other than a sometime blurry moving of legs and waving of arms little could be discerned. They stopped at the portside radar. Heinz went to his comm station and tuned the local radio to 127.1.
Teller and Swinemar were discussing their findings. They both sounded winded. Heinz waited until they took a break and called in.
“MRT, MRT this is the Bridge. What is your situation?”
“Bridge. Teller here. Appears as if the cover has not deployed. Something is keeping it from lifting off. We’re going to try a few things. First though I’d like you to try activating the deployment motor. On my command?”
“Aye. Ready when you are.”
“3-2-1, now.” Edwards, listening intently, flipped the deployment switch.
Teller came back immediately, “I felt something go bump but nothing happened. Switch off, Bridge?” Edwards turned it off.
“OK MRT. Switch is off.”
“We’re going to see if we can lift it off or maybe pry it off. Will advise. MRT out.”
“Roger that MRT. Bridge standing by.” 
With a ‘Take over Number One’ nod Edwards floated away to his Ready Room.

The Next Voice You Hear

Out of a sense of duty to enable him to answer the inevitable question – ‘But why did it happen?’ but also with a high level of curiosity, Heinz listened to the two of them talk on speaker for few moments and then, looking around at the assembled multitude, turned it down to the lowest setting, which was off.  Not always good for others to hear you work. Or fail. Or die!
A thought occurred. He called out to TSgt Young at the Comm position, “These radio comms being recorded?”
“Yes sir,” Young replied, pointing at a bank of reel to reel recorders, one with open reels slowly rotating. “Everything going in or out.” Of course. SOP.
He wondered how it was going. He played with the cameras for a while to try and zoom in on them. It was pointless; they were not designed for management folks to supervise workers from a safe location.  None were positioned for that; but it was obvious that when fully deployed the radar antenna would be visible. 
Over the next ten minutes or so they disappeared below the line of the hull as they knelt down to reach the cover. One of them bobbed up momentarily turned violently and settled back down. Suddenly he saw the cover come up and start to float away, turning slowly while the two of them watched.  A swinging arm sent it spinning away. He turned the radio volume back up, slowly, settling on ‘faintly audible’.
“God damn those sons of bitches,” said a breathless Teller. 
Swinemar chimed in, “I’d kick their collective asses around the moon if I could! Imagine that.”
 “I’m with you on that trip man,” Teller chimed in, still breathless, still panting. “Let’s get over to the other side.” 
“Well we better get it tested first, sir. Hey Bridge. Are you there?’
“Probably down in the Mess Hall sipping Chianti from their crystal glasses.” Teller!
“Yup. As if!” All good stuff.
Heinz suppressed a laugh and thought about letting them hang there alone just a bit longer, but duty took over. 
“MRT, this is the Bridge. Over.”
Teller replied, “Bridge. We’ve got the port-side cover off. Can you test and see if it deploys?”
“I will do so as soon as I can find a place to put my wine glass. OK. Stand clear.”
“Clear.”
Heinz flipped the deploy switch. He watched on camera as the dish came up, unfolded and stopped, accompanied by cheers from Teller and Swinemar.
“Yeah. Right on man.” All they needed was a high five from the Bridge.
“Good work, you two. You able to move to the other side?”
“Moving now. We’ll be in touch as soon as. MRT out.”

***
Heinz found the appropriate starboard camera and was waiting for them when they arrived. The same procedure was performed with the same result. There was less cheering as the antenna deployed and as time passed you could hear the stress and fatigue and possibly annoyance building in their voices. As they turned back, Heinz went to the Ready Room to advise Edwards.
“Excellent. So we will be able to rotate tomorrow as planned.”
“It would appear so.”
“Well that is good. And we have two space-walkers among us now. Never going to hear the end of that little tale, eh?”
“It went well, but not easily. You should hear it from them yourself.”
“Copy that.”

No Sweat, No Strain

Heinz went ‘down’ to the Hangar Deck to meet the spacewalkers. They were already partially unsuited with helmets off. It was clear that this had not been an easy task; both were red-faced and sweating and swearing profusely.  In space all workers are sweaty workers.
Teller pulled off his mag boots and threw them with force into a locker. “Useless. Damned useless. Well, almost useless.”
“Why?”
“Cause no two steps are alike. And under stress the straps let go.  The plastic is rock hard in the cold.”
“Really? I thought they were tested.”
“Yeah. In a bar. By a bloody accountant,” Swinemar offered without a hint of humour. And looking at Teller with a smiley face offered something from somewhere, some other history, “And it helps if you don’t throw yourself at the far wall like an Airedale heading into a fight!”
“Well I’d rather, much rather I mean, teach a cat to swim, Bruce!”
Heinz refocussed them, “Can you fix them? We’re going to need something that works.”
Swinemar rejoined reality, “I can rig some kind of strap, but they’re pretty loose. Rope would do it. Like the Cap said, they are shaky at best. But practice helps. After a while you can tell when they’re going to fail on you.”
“So what was the problem?”
They looked at each other, then Teller looked Heinz straight in the face, “Someone failed to remove the clamps prior to launch.”
“What?”
“Six clamps each, bolted to the hull. They were supposed to be removed before we took off.  There should have been a dry run just before we launched, but no for some reason. The cover is a pressure fit. It’s supposed to pop off and float away when the rig is deployed first time. If the ‘effing clamps are gone.”
 “Shit!” Something seemed wrong about that, too. Heinz was flabbergasted. And recalling a conversation with Sawyer, pissed.
“No shit!” said Swinemar, capping Teller’s comments off succinctly. “We took them off with no sweat and then it worked fine.” 
“Well, in the end you did what had to be done. Teller? You write it up for the CO?”
“Damn lot of good that will do. Sir.”
“Aye. But close the loop, will ya?”
“Yes sir. By the way, you nearly had your first Canadian lost in space.”
“What?”
“Swinemar here got knocked off the ship several times while trying to get those damned clamps off. If it wasn’t for the tether he’d be gone.”
“Well thanks for that bit of info. Sounds to me like you both should write up this stuff. I’ll put you two in charge of training. Start with SMESC!”
“Dammit Cap! I told you we should keep our mouths shut!” Swinemar said shaking his head, freeing several sweat beads that floated away, largely unnoticed.
“Yes M-slash. You did. I’ll make a point to listen to you next trip.”
“As if, Cap.”
Teller turned to Heinz and mouthed something silently, pointing fingers in Swinemar’s direction from behind a shielding open hand. It took two tries but Heinz got it, “Scream queen!”
Heinz turned to leave. Teller called out to him, “One funny thing.”
“Yes.”
“On the Hangar Door? Somebody painted something in Spanish.”
“Spanish? Really? Not mission stuff I take it?”
“Nope. It was written in big letters in matching paint.”
“What does it say? Nothing offensive I hope.” 
“No. Well, not really. Aquí nadie habla español. It means, ‘nobody here speaks Spanish’.”
Heinz thought about it for a moment.  The door had always been open as far as he could recall, which upon consideration wasn’t that much. But it was a obviously a joke and a subtle one at that. “Take care of that will you, M-slash? Before lunch?”
“Censorship? Sounds like a job for an officer to me, sir?” 
Heinz left them to recover alone. Laughter followed him out. Friends for life.

***
But for some care, quick reflexes and a bit of luck it had been potentially a short life. The suits took getting used to of course, but neither of them had had much experience with them and none in the technique of walking on a magnetic surface. Teller had received a briefing and worn a suit while walking around on Earth in a fitness room for about an hour before it had to be passed on to another novice.  
It was, they informed him and Edwards later, very difficult to bend at the waist and bending was something they’d needed to do, to see their own feet and the intended target, the radar cover of course. The pull-on boot covers they had commented on, but had held back a few things from Edwards, not through any conspiracy, but rather because they both felt that the short-coming was in themselves. The traction provided by the magnetic soles was surprisingly strong, however, when you lifted your foot to move, it was gone in an instant.  It took some getting used to just to walk about in them. A shuffle was required; turning about was almost a mission in itself. And, as Heinz later learned from Swinemar, Teller had omitted the fact that he too had drifted away when the clamps had released unexpectedly.
Yes. Bless the rope! May you hang forever on it and it you.

***
Heinz had another mission he wanted to do. 
He went down to the reactor room under the Hangar Deck, not because he was curious about the reactor, but because he wanted to borrow a piece of test equipment - a Geiger-counter. There was no one about, which was not surprising. The reactor was fully automated and not a particularly nice working space-cramped and a bit too warm in many ways for his liking. He found the meter in a locker and for some reason left an explanatory note in case it was missed. Regardless, he wouldn’t he believed, be too long.
He turned it on and got a base reading. Moving up to the Hangar Deck he bounced along the outside walls, all the while watching the dial. Several times he stopped and made notes of the time, location and readings. He repeated this on the CRV side of the Hangar Deck and then moved up to the Main Deck. Again he circled around, drawing some odd looks in the Mess Hall and Recreation Area. He went straight up to the Bridge Deck, continuing his tests, avoiding the COs Ready Room and went up to the top, not daring to open the hatch to the radome.  
It took all in all only about four hours and none of it was either exciting or revealing. But four hours was too long to spend inspecting showers and fixtures and reactor rooms and several times he found himself looking for a fairly quiet spot to loaf, er relax, er think. He experienced for the first time the outstanding characteristic of all space travel-its monotony.
Then, meter and records in hand he sought out Dr Ley.  
Why Ley? Ley had been involved in design and except for the lack of military rank, could have served as Chief Engineer. Heinz showed him his figures.
“Yes, this about what we expected.”
“So, what is the threat to our health?”
“There is a moderate increase in the risk of cancer over the next ten years. Other effects such as deterioration of the nervous system are being studied. On this mission, in fact.”
“What can be done?”
“Nothing. The ship is constructed of one inch thick welded titanium plates with steel reinforcing beams with an insulation layer of foam of six inches and a steel layer of one inch thickness on the inner side. That meter you are using measures only a narrow range of the radiation that is expected to be encountered in space. It is not negligible but our research and indeed our measurements are not complete. Doctor Schiller is to conduct a broad range of tests over the mission duration.  You should speak to him. But I must advise you to wait until he is fit. He is currently bedridden and should not be disturbed.”
Hmmm.
“Doctor Ley. I need to be educated on a number of points. The rotation of the ship. I would suppose it induces artificial gravity. But why is it required. We seem to be just fine as we are. It takes getting used to, but still…”
“Artificial gravity ensures that the human body does not waste away. Muscles atrophy…”
“But the ship does not require it to function?”
“Not usually. The dynamic imbalance of rotation actually causes a wobbling effect. The positioning of the water and sewage system is used to counteract this imbalance, but it is far from perfect. This is a research vessel. Lessons must be learned.  But if you need to know further about, in particular, the whys of things, you must ask Lieutenant Colonel Edwards. I am not at liberty to discuss that.” Odd.
Heinz carried on with questions about the mission. Some of it was necessary to his functioning as Exec, some was background information he would have known had he been selected long ago, but some of it was just curiosity. Dr Ley’s interpretations were for the most part the public ones – the exploration of space, a demonstration of the technical superiority of the USAF and the necessity of there being a race to Mars – that sort of stuff.
“They, the Russians, are men of our own planet and our first job is to keep up with and ahead of what they are doing.”
But Ley further discussed the hazards of space travel with a novice Heinz. Radiation, hull penetration, accidents, accidental damage to doors, etc. Yes they had been considered. Yes, training was required and yes, it could prove beneficial. 
Heinz came up with a number of plans while listening passively to Ley and on a hunch he pursued a couple of nagging questions. 
In answering, among some other things Ley revealed was that closing the deck hatches was a waste of time. The life support system was common to each deck and unless someone quickly closed the dampers on each deck, which were not automatic, not easily accessible and not necessarily air-tight, in case of a severe loss of integrity everyone would pass out in minutes.  
Heinz asked why this had been left un-remedied, at once fearing the predictable and unavoidable answer. 
Dr Ley summed it up concisely: time and money. 
Besides, he added, the ship is...tough, ready, an experimental research vessel, etc. Never saying ‘expendable’.  
It ended amicably. Heinz had a strong feeling that there was much to learn from this man.

CHAPTER 17 – TURNING THINGS AROUND

Heinz awoke to the somewhat muted sounds of Reveille being played over the PA.  0700? Yep
He looked about; Teller and Farman were already gone.  However, since today was not a routine day in that rotation was to be implemented, this was not a mystery. They all had things to do; lots of things to do. 
He dressed, wiped his face, considered shaving, brushed his teeth and combed his hair. A momentary revelation set him spinning, figuratively speaking of course. Was Hollywood right that one’s hair stayed in place even in the weightless conditions of space? 
He quickly turned his head from side to side and up and down. Nope. Newton’s first and second applied to hair, too. Liars! Thank the gods for Brylcreem.
He floated up past a noisy and busy Mess Hall to the Bridge Deck. Best to check in first before settling down for brekkie.
The place was empty.  Not a soul. Ready Room door was open. Empty. Odd.
He went down and into the Mess Hall. Pretty much everyone was there. Floating room only.
He took a coffee pouch and a ‘box lunch’ with Gods-only knew what contents, but with a souvenir worthy top, a picture of Orion superimposed over a red Mars and looked about.
It was interesting. 
In some ways, weightlessness was like social manners at a cocktail party. People were in small groups, eating, talking, laughing, drinking and eventually, if they wanted to, gravitating to another group. Circulating. Socializing
“What's the matter, Brownie?”
“It's nothing. Just a bellyache.”
“You been eating green apples?”
“I haven't been able to eat anything.”

Edwards was with the CMS. Upon seeing Heinz he gestured for him to join them. 
“Morning Exec.”
“Morning sir. Morning CMS.”
“Sir.”
“Well. Doctor Ley says we are ready to rotate. You know the plan?”
“Just what I’ve read. Simple enough. What could possibly go wrong?”
Both Edwards and the CMS grinned at the obvious. You never got tired of that cliché.
“Yes. Always a good question”
Heinz had read in and discussed the rotation with Ley.  Some rooms would have their gear prepositioned on the hull; soon to be known as the deck. Forty large CO2 tanks on the Hangar Deck would vent through nozzles mounted around the hull.  Measurements of the rotation cycle would be taken.  Some massive and obviously heavy equipment/storage units on the Hangar Deck would be moved to new positions and adjustments to rotation speed would be made. Simple enough. Ah, Newton.
“Well. CMS? We are ready? Everyone briefed?”
“Yes sir. We are ready for 1300. There’ll be an announcement 30 minutes or so before?”
“Yes.”
“Then if they’re not ready, God help them they’ll get spun off their feet and slammed into the wall!”  
Edwards took the CMS’ joke seriously, for some reason, “Actually, it will take some time for things to settle. Just .5 g at the wall, the numbers say. Probably less. Nothing in the middle; the stairway will still be weightless.” 
Ley had informed Heinz and the CMS that the CO2 release would take about ten minutes. He had advised that the transition might even go un-noticed, if one was distracted. Or drunk. It was evidently a well-known joke.
“Yes sir,” the CMS acknowledged with dead-pan face, realising that leaving humour behind at this stage was probably a good idea.
“Exec? I want you and a team with the CMS on the Hangar Deck.  If anything is going to go wrong I think it will be there.”
“Aye sir. CMS? You’ll have some hands down there at 1230?”
“Yes sir.  Ropes and slings and tools in hand.”
“Sounds good. Well sir, I think I’ll have a bite to eat, then inspect the ship for readiness.”
“Good. See to it Number One.”
“Sir. CMS? 1230.”
“Aye sir.” 
***
Well before noon Heinz had finished his own inspection. It was in the end probably unnecessary but three things happened: 1/ he met members of the crew whom he had not yet met personally, 2/ he met Dr Schiller, finally and formally, and 3/ he saw parts of the ship he had not seen nor indeed, even known existed.  There were in fact large sections that were simply walled off; their purpose could only be imagined. Cargo holds?
Meeting the crew members at something other than a social occasion i.e. their workplace, hopefully cemented his position as Exec in their minds. After all, it was one thing to walk up to someone with beer glass in hand and make small talk and completely another to walk in unannounced, see them come to order and start asking questions.  
The appellation ‘Yes sir’ had been frequently used.
Dr Schiller was not well. In fact, he was bedridden, pale and sickly. Ley was with him.
Heinz felt it necessary to enquire first after his health and with that polite formality met, about the scope, intent and progress of his personal mission.  The nature of his research was, in the briefest of terms, complex, yet it was clear that Mars itself was the object of his interest, unlike Ley who was of course obsessed with Orion.
From the conversation Heinz concluded that Schiller’s main concern was with what resources Mars could provide to make a Martian ‘colony’, a strange word to him, and a self-sustaining one at that, an even stranger concept.  What accessible sources of water, oxygen, hydrogen, fissiles such as uranium would be found and indeed, what were the nutritive characteristics of the Martian soil itself that would allow its use for food and oxygen production.  Ley remained silent.
But Schiller was also concerned with something else that for the strangeness of it all caught Heinz’s attention. Namely, what sources of fuel were on Mars to enable a ship to refuel itself to return to Earth? Fuel requirements, Schiller pointed out, robbed substantially from the potential payload. 
To Heinz’s answer that Orion seemed to have solved that particular issue, Schiller smiled and gave the scientist’s dismissive wave of the hand: “Orion is but a passing fancy. Massive liquid-fuelled multi-stage rockets are the future of space exploration. Imagine dozens of nuclear-powered launches taking place each month or every week. The world would soon grow unhappy with that. Perhaps Orion-like spacecraft of considerable size could be sent on inter-stellar voyages, but we are many years from that.”
“Inter-stellar? By that I take it you mean to other stars?” Orion. The name suddenly made sense.
Ley took over; they obviously shared this futuristic view of man’s potential exploration of space. “Yes. Long voyages, perhaps a hundred years or longer. On self-sustaining ships. Larger than Orion. Much larger. And they would require a substantial crew of men and women to produce the multiple generations of scientists to ensure the mission was not forgotten.”
Heinz recalled something. Cities in space? 
“Who is considering this? I’ve never heard of it outside some science fiction stories I’ve read.”
“In Germany before the 2nd global war rocketry was of great interest and plans were in place by some for a manned voyage to the moon. In the 1920’s it was considered to send a rocket around the moon with automatic cameras to photograph that then unknown hemisphere of the moon. They saw no limits to this.”
“What happened? I have heard nothing of this.”
“The depression. Preparation for conflict.  Planning and dreaming is one thing, but actually doing it requires funds. Funds require support. Support requires payback. And that could not be seen by those with the funds. They are not always visionaries.”
“Yes. Certainly not.”
“I wished to be an explorer of space from my childhood and was involved in amateur rocketry. I should have left and joined my father in Britain, but the depression and fog of war changed everything. For many of us.” He looked at Schiller that way.
So Schiller changed the subject, “You are not USAF?”
“No. Canadian Navy, in fact.”
“Well, you are fortunate to be on this historic mission, sir, but I believe it is a one-time thing.”
Questions bubbled up under Heinz’s otherwise seemingly calm demeanour. He suppressed them for now and left them with a promise of following up when Schiller was feeling up to it.
As for peering into the unknown parts of the ship, it completed that part of him, that part from his training, experience and personal nature that needed to know, that demanded to know what this vessel, upon which their very lives depended, consisted of. 
By the time he was done he knew that those questions had been answered.  Enough. For now.
And from his experience he knew that while his knowledge of this ship was simple and superficial and quite possibly, of little practical use, he knew where the men were, what they were doing or should be doing and why they were doing it. 
Mission accomplished. A requirement of command.

***
Heinz met the CMS a few minutes early.  There were five TSgts with him with an assortment of tools and the now unavoidably present 35mm camera. Your pictures will be ready for pickup Tuesday.
 He asked the CMS how this was going to proceed.
“We move the crates, the water and sewage tanks and other equipment closer to the wall. We release the gas when we get the word from the Bridge. Then we do it again until forty bottles have been released. Then for some reason I can’t fathom, Doc Ley rechecks it all and if it’s OK the rest of the ship can be moved. If it’s not, we move this stuff,” he used an all-encompassing arm swing, “in closer to the stairs.”
“There is a main valve or something to control the release?”
“No. These guys pick a bottle and on my order turn the valve, releasing the gas. Then they go to the next one. Five at a time.  The red top/green bottom ones are for starting rotation. The green top/red bottom ones are for stopping. They feed nozzles that are pointed in opposite directions. I hope.” Smiling. A good sign.
“I see. Is there a margin for error? Are there enough extra bottles?”
“There are at least ten extras for both. I know what you’re thinking sir. But Doc Ley says if it isn’t enough we’ll just have to live with.”
“I see.”
“He says the slide rule rules.”
“Sure it does. He says that a lot. I guess we’ll see.”
Heinz watched as they slid the gear out towards the limits of the rails, stopping just short of where they turned ‘up’.
The time approached. The men took up their positions. The CMS checked with each one to ensure they had it right.  Heinz checked in with the Bridge. 
At 1255 Edwards came on and gave the words, “Standby to commence rotation.”
At 1300, “Commence rotation.” 
The CMS waved an arm and echoed Edwards command with a much louder, “Do it!”
The initial five bottles were released; it took about ten seconds until the hissing noise faded. On the CMS’s command they moved to the next set. This was repeated without incident until forty had been released.
“Confirm all bottle valves have been closed.” They had been.
Heinz advised the Bridge. From where he stood next to the stairway to heaven nothing felt any different, but the room did shift under him, slowly. However, the men were on the wall where the maximum g-force would be felt and one by one they spun themselves about and stood on the wall, er floor, er deck.  One dodged a beer can (empty) that just missed his head. They amused themselves by jumping up, which was now towards the staircase, playfully testing the new environment. It soon turned into a contest to see who could get there first.
Heinz and the CMS watched, initially amused, then almost simultaneously both reverted to form, a “Get a…” cut off in mid-expletive by the Bridge on the PA, “Move the equipment on the Hangar Bay to the in-space positions.”
This was soon done. Several required all five techs to work together to reposition hoses and cables that seemed to possess some life of their own and had a need to go somewhere else, putting themselves in danger and posing a threat of injury to others.
That done, Heinz informed the Bridge. Word came back to release two more bottles which was soon done.
It was another 15 minutes or so before they heard from the Bridge again during which time Heinz and the CMS gravitated to the new deck to see what was so amusing. 
The level of gravity was enough to settle one’s stomach and yet still allowed one to bob playfully up and down.  The men had been right in their reaction.
Heinz did it himself; all the while feigning retaining dignity and on his second try tried a flip that almost resulted in an indignity.
Finally they were saved by the Bridge announcing to a round of cheers, “Commence placing the main and bridge decks in space mode. 
The CMS said, “All that is left to do is to pull those empties and dump them out the door.”
Heinz was curious, “Why?”
“Doc Ley says they’re just deadweight. For mass reduction?” 
“As if!” 
“Slide rulers!”
“They’ll get to Mars before us.” And so on the work gang went.
“That’s enough Sargent! All of you. Enough. Get to it,” the CMS yelled and grinned at them.
Heinz watched from the airlock porthole. 
The suited team, safely tied in and aided by the ship’s new gravity field simply threw them out the hangar door, with little effort required on their part. In fact it turned sort of into a game to see who could get the most spin on their bottle. Wouldn’t want to meet up with those puppies later. Hmmm. Ley? 
Still, it seemed odd to Heinz. Was anyone taking pictures? He could see the headlines already – ‘USAF Accused of Littering Outer Space’. Foreshadowing?

***
Heinz did speak with Dr Ley about this concern, who with bearded face in hand, gave him a quizzical look.
“You are concerned that these bottles may collide with the ship? Well, upon our initial braking maneuver they will continue on their way to Mars ahead of us. So there is….but I think until then they will proceed on their way adjusting their path according to the physics at the moment of release. It would be a simple matter to calculate their orbital path if one knew for each bottle, their mass, their tangential velocity at the moment of release and the precise angle they were ejected at. Of course one would then need to….And so on.  

So ended Day 2.

***
Day Three

By the end of day three the ship had been pretty well squared away. It marked for Heinz a turning point: they were on their way with a long, lengthy voyage ahead. 
Today they would implement the shift schedule, the Mess Hall routine, commence cross-trade training and inform the crew of their parts in the emergency exercises and drills. 
All things that in the end, led people into routines. 
Routines got things done, efficiently, effectively and safely.  
A side effect was that people became bored, complacent and over-confident.  Training was required to keep people aware that boredom kills.
 
***
Day 4

By Day 4 things had settled into a routine. Except there was a somewhat odd and boisterous July Fourth celebration in the Rec Hall, with drinks all around.
To Heinz, Swinemar privately offered, “Perhaps we were too busy on Canada Day, eh sir?”
All he could do was smile. As if.

***
It took a while but chance and boredom, two omnipresent and pushy companions of humans in any place or epoch brought Heinz down into the Recreation Area into the middle of discussions between probably randomly assembled crew members.
Often they were about their experiences onboard since their departure. However he got the distinct impression his mere presence modified the direction, intensity and content of some conversations so on these occasions he grabbed his coffee and did them all a favour by leaving. That sort of stuff was for the CMS to glean facts and allusions from.
Discussion of politics and sex he shunned purposefully, quickly and invisibly. But why, he asked himself? Those topics were always open to discussion, required no degree or certificate for participation and were sometimes helpful. Yes. Helpful. Sometimes.
 Upon reflection he recalled (again) that his almost instinctive reaction was caused by training. Not formal training in some classroom, on a quarter deck or in a dinghy swooping around Sydney Harbour.  Nor a church meeting. No, someone of superior rank or appointment whom he could not for the life of himself actually remember, had, in a critical moment, told him and the assembled multitude of his peers that there were three things officers did not speak of, particularly in the Mess – sex, politics and religion, and in that order. The specifics of that obviously traumatic incident escaped him.  He was sure that someday he would recall it clearly, reprocess it and happily discard that essential but obstructive sociological constraint. But not yet.

***
Discussions, or rather bull sessions in the Rec Area concerning work, baseball, football, best pizza, best beer and other guy-type things were commonplace. Off duty crews often gathered there, drawn by the coffee and cookies and, Heinz suspected, beer. Plus it was the only area where smoking (and bitching) was permitted and stomached. Sort of.
One afternoon he came down to a smoke and noise-filled room into the midst of a discussion between Swinemar, Desharnais and a large group of guys about one of his favorite and usually socially acceptable topics – science fiction.  Upon entry he had encountered MacKenzie and two TSgts, who from their muttered comments were obviously upset about something and who, in their haste to exit, barely gave him space to enter.
An agitated Desharnais’ shouts at their rapidly disappearing butts explained it all, “C’mon! Get real! If you don’t like it, what the hell are you guys doing up here?”
It turned out they were not talking about Yeoman Janice, something that would have immediately conflicted him re the proprieties of it all. Well, a little bit anyway. Maybe. 
And it was not sci-fi books either. No, they were discussing sci-fi TV and movies of the 50s and 60s. Yes! 
To Heinz sci-fi books were one thing, movies were quite another. 
And this too was a topic of great interest to him. He had been caught up in this sort of thing countless times on long days at sea, long drives, in bars, messes and living rooms, but something about their current location and mission seemed to make it more pertinent, and apparently, judging from the tone of it all, entitled the participants to be more critical of the efforts to date to depict a space mission. 
He nodded in their general direction, grabbed a coffee and took a seat. 
Swinemar was plowing through a recounting of the disasters of the fifties and summed it up – “Monsters arrive on Earth in silly saucers crush the cities blow up military bases grab the women and carry them into the camera lens. A bunch of dudes in suits meet in a smoke-filled office. Then some dude with a secret ‘effing impossible weapon that sounds like someone hitting a steel guywire with a goddam hammer shows up and fires three rounds and it’s all over. Everyone looks into their sweetie’s eyes and moves on, walks past the dead bodies and the destruction hand in hand hair in place dresses and shirts clean and pressed, high heels on. Then they go down to the goddam beach and make out! That about does it. I can’t tell you how many times I wanted to just get up and leave. If I hadn’t paid thirty-five cents to get in I’d have left half of them. Total crap!”
“Well why didn’t you?”
“Yeah. Nobody made you stay!” 
“Yeah, Brucie. Why didn’t you leave?”
“Well, where and when else is a thirteen year old kid gonna get to see half-naked women with their breasts hanging out of their bikini tops being carried around in a revolting alien’s multifingered arms?” 
“Or a robot’s comfy loving arms?” 
They all joined in.
“D’oh! C’mon Bruce! They’re just like every movie ever made!” 
“Bikini tops? You’re joking. They weren’t even allowed to do up the buttons on their shirt pockets!”
“Or have buttons! But that’s just TV! But it’s true.”
“And in the end, is that not what man has dreamt of since first he looked up at the stars? Sex with alien hotties?”  Desharnais
“Wait what? That’s a flip. You saying the aliens came here for the same reason we’re going out into space? Or go to the beach? I never thought of that. Ha’ah!”
“Yeah! Get real Brucie.” 
“Well Doc Ley says that the little green men have actually been replaced in movies by, and I quote, ‘large-sized beautiful blond girls’.”
“Hurray!”
“Ah science!”
“Curb thy voice thou impious fish!” What? Who said that?
“You’ve never seen Mars Needs Women I bet?” Struthers
 “Well I am from Canada!”
“Yeah, and we could use a Santa there too.”
Swinemar continued, “But tell me guys, why is it that every alien who sets foot on our planet is seen as an enemy? Everybody shoots at them. They don’t even bother to ask them why they’re here. Shoot first; ask questions of a dead body later!” 
“Well if it ain’t me or mine, it’s a threat to me or mine!” Struthers
“Yeah, Bruce. The only time we all pull together is when we are all threatened. Super-big hurricanes, weird virus plagues, big wars? Maybe enemies from space would do it?”
“What the hell have you been watching?”
“Yeah! That’s on the outer limits of common sense Bruce. H’ah!”
“What?”
 “Wait! Stop! Yeah, stay real guys!”
“On TV it’s called ‘adventure’. But you know, a lot of Russian and European sci-fi movies are serious, realistic and a lot are comedy.”
“With sex,” Heinz joined in.
“One out of three ain’t bad, eh!”
“And somehow every spaceship from anywhere landing anywhere on any moon or planet conveniently lands about a hundred feet from the only lifeform on the goddam planet!” Swinemar, again
“Not in Forbidden Planet they didn’t. I mean, they had to drive over.”
“Well, actually, Robbie drove them. A couple of times, at least”
“And your point is?”
“Anyone seen It! The Terror from Outer Space?”
“Nope.”
“Nope.”
“Maybe.”
“Well, according to that movie, we’re gonna beat them to Mars by three years! And they were nuclear-powered too. But they had a smoother ride, with gravity, all the way. They never shut the engine off.”
“Don’t let me drag you down my friend, but we aren’t there yet.”
It went on. All of it fun.
A curious Heinz interjected, “What’s the most realistic movie about space you’ve ever seen?”
In a quick go around, Destination Moon won the contest. But there wasn’t much competition. Afterall, Barbarella was a close second. Attack of the Swamp Creatures was third, 2001 A Space Odyssey tied for fourth with Mars Needs Women and Forbidden Planet was sixteenth, which told you something about the mindset and alcohol content of the participants. 
“Realism ruins movies!” Swinemar
“Well weightlessness is expensive to fake and everyone watching forgets about it anyway.” Desharnais
For some reason Heinz threw out, “Not if someone barfs!” 
“Better to invent a machine that generates gravity.” York
“Yeah, ‘cause they need gravity to keep the ladies’ dresses from floating up.”
“And I saw one where they kept the main engine running all the time to generate gravity and it took like just twenty days to get to Mars.” York
“How often did they stop to fill up?”
“What? Who cares? Who’d even notice?”
“And did ya see that one where they put air on the Moon so those two lovers could remove their helmets and kiss!”
“Aaah! Twelve to the Moon?”
“Yeah! But it was also so the kitty cats could live there too. And at least they got away from the rest of that whiny racist crew!” 
“A nice try though.” 
“How about On the Threshold of Space?” York
“Not sci-fi. A documentary.”
“No. It’s a docudrama. Not really about space.” Desharnais
“Ever see The Bamboo Saucer?” York
“No,” echoed by all. 
“Russians and Americans work together to steal a UFO from the Red Chinese in China.”
“Really?”
“Go on!”
“As if!”
“Yes, they do. Speculative fiction they call it. And the hot blond is a Russian!”
“No way!”
“Russian women are hot?”
“Yeah. And it goes well, if you know what I mean.”
“Nope.”
“Well there is true sexual equality in Russia. Women are no different from men.”
“And that’s good?”
“I guess it depends what you mean.”
“Well they did a full analysis of the differences between men and women in both cultures in the movie. And the powers that be on both sides of the fence discouraged what they called ‘fraternization’. But they snuck around and did it anyway.”
“Sci-fi comedy. Who needs it?”
“You do Alain!” 
“Ever seen Mission Mars?” 
“Nope.”
“What about it.”
“Came out in 68. One of ours. We launch three astronauts on a mission to land on Mars. The Russians have launched their own secret mission and almost at the same time too. On their way to Mars our guys find the bodies of two dead cosmonauts drifting in space who they guess must have been dumped by their buddies.”
“Du’oh! Or fell off the deck?  Doc Ley would be able to tell how and when it happened. He’d compare their course with that of our guy’s ship? Then do the math? Come up with a…” Swinemar
“Ahem. So our spaceship lands OK on Mars. It’s a bit farther away than planned from their supply capsule so the guys set out on foot for the supply thingy leaving, a line of bloody balloons I tell you, to mark the trail. Then they discover that there’s a hole burned into the supply ship's hull and that all those marker balloons have been taken by someone. Oooh! Scary! Right? They also discover a third Russian guy who’s just standing inside in the supply ship who looks dead but is just in a state of suspended animation. He comes out of it when they rescue him.”
“He’d better’ve.” 
“And?”
“And they work together to get home, right?”
“Well, no. As per usual it just becomes about the monsters. Turns out there are some weird creatures on Mars. With robot slaves.”
“No. Really? I guess we’d better be careful.”
“Sex slaves?” Desharnais
“Yeah.”
“Sure.”
“Dream on man!”
"Well, some more guys die. Some of them get back. I forget how it ended, but the Russkies won the race to Mars.”
“As if!”
“Well, that’s not even the point of the movie.” 
“No women innit?”
“No.”
“Then why make it?”
“To make a point called ‘profit’?”
“And women in space? Why? I mean, men aren’t even in space yet.” 
“Pardon me? I see a slight problem with your argument, Alain.”
“Well yeah. We’re here, but no tourists are!”
“Wait out on that bro!”
“No way man. Those flying cars you read about? They’ll turn them into space cars.”
“Yeah. Won’t be long we’re fighting for parking spots in space!”
“Of course. An’ y’a know, in space no one can hear you blow yer horn!”
“Well Hollywood won’t help there ‘cause it isn’t about winning wars in space. It’s about filling seats and you don’t fill seats with dull reality. And physics is dull. I hate physics!”
“Yeah, me too. In space travel, all the numbers are awful!”
“But… what? But space movies from the fifties and sixties are about men and women doing the same things in space they did on Earth. Chase sex. Chase money and chase power. There’s nothing new in those fantasy worlds, man.”
“Well I’ve heard that a lot of it is just allegories about democracy repelling socialism and the communists.”
“What the hell are you talking about? I mean, Sir? Three headed lizards and octopuses and giant alligators from Mars or swamps or the ocean knocking down cities and kidnapping women are really about defeating Communism?”
“Allegorically, yes.” Heinz backed off and turned at a right angle. And where were they hiding that beer?
Sensing this was a good time to do so he excused himself. “I have to go. Evidently Klatu has been trying to contact us.”
About half of them got it. Hmm…

***
And on another day, he came down into a rather different kind of discussion. A serious one, it seemed. Not about war. Not about politics. One about the role of women in space. Or rather, the lack thereof.  Opinions differed.  It came to be about reality. Eventually. 
“What about women in space though?”
“Well we are going to need a new world for women to get into space.”
“Yeah. They don’t even accept them in all the universities and colleges yet.  That’s a first step.”
“In Canada? Is it the same as here?”
“Pretty much.”
“Umm.”
“Yeah.”
“And you know, some bases I been on don’t even have women’s washrooms. In the training areas, I mean. Obviously. Bars? Shops? Yeah…but…” 
 “Why would they?”
It went on. But not well.  
The conversation contracted. The track became twisty and turning a hard right, became something else. Something not funny and not fun. 
The apparent consensus was that the world was going to have to change to change the roles of women if they were ever going to go up on missions for any other reason than to be a comfort and helpmate to their space mates. Or even do a lot of other things on their Earth. 
Some of them it seemed were ready for this change and always had been. 
But some were not and from the semi-suppressed anger and resentment in their voices it seemed they probably never would be. The atmosphere in the room changed.
They, the few, claimed that everything that they had worked for had been taken from their hands and given to an undeserving and unready lot – the composition of which was unspecified. They’d been left, they claimed, with no choice but to stand up and fight, for the status quo. It seemed everyone in the room had taken sides long ago and that for some the battle lines were drawn and clear. They stared into the eyes of their opponents, in this very room. 
To a now disturbed Heinz it appeared that they were impatiently awaiting every opportunity to resist change. These humans were not directed by simple reasoning, but by instinct, sensation and emotion. He hoped he was wrong.
The buzzer marking the end of break time broke up the group and put an end to it. Sure it did.

 Science Editorial from the San Francisco Re-Examiner 
(July 23, 1970)
Global Satellite Communications – Good or Bad?
 
…..so in conclusion, regardless of how enthused one is (or is not) about the prospects for a ‘network’ of satellites in space giving the people of all nations affordable and instantaneous telephone communications with each other, and additionally something unsettling to yours truly,  namely the ability to watch television shows from other countries at will, one has to be pleased with the news that the United States Interplanetary Expeditionary Force spaceship ‘Orion’ which was launched back in June has been declared to be the leader in the newly proclaimed Race to Mars. That only we and the Brits are participating does not diminish its importance in any way. 
Go Orion! Go!

CHAPTER 18 – REVELATIONS I
Day 124

Heinz had never been inclined to keep a diary, or more accurately he supposed, to coin a phrase, a personal log, due to the lack of necessity. Some of his naval compatriots had done so, obsessively in fact.
And thank God they had or we would never have known how crew members - some of the crew members, anyway - felt about the Shackleton and Franklin Expedition leader’s decisions, the details of the Viking’s exploration of Newfoundland and Labrador, what actually had happened during the USS Caine mutiny of WWII and who had actually drunk the most beer when HMCS Oriole had visited New York City in 1964.
But as Exec he was aware that it was important to do so, not because he could not remember the many events and the decisions that surrounded them, but because it formed part of the record of happenings on the ship. Others were certain to be doing it – recording their own recollections and opinions about happenings of importance. 
Officially there was the Ship’s Log, with entries made by the Officer-of-the-Day including those entries made by himself when on duty that documented things such as changes of the watch, course changes, incidents involving the Bridge crew’s actions (and inactions), exercise start-stop times/status and results, equipment status and the location of the ship, etc.  
And as they all knew, the Commander aka the Captain kept a personal log in which he reported routine things but most importantly, captured details of incidents and decisions that fell on his shoulders. Such as the decision to not serve prunes any longer in the Mess Hall. Ha’h!
His personal log would do the same.  It, like those of others would become part of the ‘official’ record of the trip. And in the event something serious happened they would become ‘evidence’.
Despite many discussions regarding this, some formal, some less so, Edwards has never made it mandatory for anyone, including, oddly enough, whoever was in charge of the Bridge Crew to keep a formal record.
But Heinz did so, as undoubtedly did Teller and Farman and perhaps the CMS. And the Security Chief, of course.
Lack of foresight had led him to have to resort to recording his notes in ball-point pen and on stressful days - there had been a few so far, at least for him - in pencil on a somewhat shabby spiral-bound notepad. Someday they’d have voicewriters in space. Or maybe better yet, a Yeoman Janice? Or Yeoman Smith?  Afterall, smiles were always better than ‘beeps’. Damn.
Flipping back to the first page when he had started, mission Day 4 in fact, he saw that, judging just from the length of the daily entries, things had quickly settled down.  Nothing much had happened in the first 25 days or so, a period that had seen the establishment of routine duties, training of personnel in emergency procedures and not much else. Though he had started out with the best of intentions, as time passed, there were days skipped and often brief, merely token entries.

At least until Day 100. Then things changed.
Edwards called him, Teller, Ley and surprisingly at first, Lt Farman into his Ready Room. He reached up and closed the door. They sat in a loose semi-circle about him. He had that look on his face that said nothing else but that something had happened; something had changed; something serious. 
The Russians were coming.
To their exasperated gasps, ‘no ways’ and ‘what the hells’ Edwards waved a silencing hand.
“Got word on the CPAC this morning from MSC. They took off three weeks after us. No public notice. No press releases. No backdoor calls to anyone. Caught us completely off guard.” He paused.
They leaned forward.
“Liquid fuelled. Big sucker…as tall as Orion. Not as big a payload section, but we can all guess why. No idea of crew numbers. No idea of even their mission, actually.” 
They leaned forward.
“A race to Mars,” Teller offered.
Farman did a grunt. For him, a typical thought-summarising grunt.
Ley offered something else, something that indicated that he had perhaps already considered this, “It is a technological race. As soon as something can be done, it will be done in several places and with many variations.”
Edwards sat back, arms and hands open, inviting comments from his officers.
Heinz thought a moment, “What does this mean for us?”
“Good question. MSC did not offer any suggestions, just the info. More to follow, for sure.”
“Secrecy? I mean by the Russians. Why? Probably because of the possibility of failure,” Teller offered. 
“Timing?” Farman chimed in, “It’s a race to Mars for sure. If they win it will be all over the papers. If they lose? Nada. Nothing will be said.”
“So, does this change anything we are doing?” Heinz asked, again.
Edwards replied without hesitation, “We carry on with our mission to land on Mars, as planned. So that is it for now. I’m not taking any more questions. At least not yet. Mostly because I don’t have any answers.” 
He paused, “Teller?  See if you can locate the Russkie ship. It’d be good to know its relative velocity, course and TOA at Mars. So. To your duties gents.” 
“We’ll try sir, but the nose radar is pointed in the opposite direction to them. We’ll try the side-lookers. We will have to swing the ship a bit. I’ll start with Doc Ley. May take some time.”
“Get to it.”
“Sir!”
They unfastened their seat belts to leave.
“Heinz? Hold on a moment.”
The others left, closing the door behind them.
“Nothing my contacts on the other side have said or done has even hinted at this. Why? Why would they do this?” Edwards asked openly of Heinz.
“To who? To us? Them? Does it matter? Well sex, power and money I’d guess. The prime human motivators? I’m leaning towards power in this case though.” 
Edwards laughed quietly.
“You sure your degree isn’t in political science? But yes. The power play. T’was ever thus and so shall it forever remain.”
“Yes sir. Forever.” Heinz wasn’t sure if Edwards was quoting Shakespeare. Hemingway?
“But the race to Mars probably has it nailed. So, business as usual, until we hear otherwise. And by the way Henry, I’ve already discussed this with the CSM.”
“Yes sir. Understood. Pardon me, but how could anything we hear from MSC change this mission? It seems to me physics is in charge here. We’re ahead. There is no sense in burning fuel or bombs at this point just to…”
“Stop.” Edwards raised a hand, but not a dismissive one. “Stop. There is something you don’t know. I’ve been keeping it from you because, well frankly it bothers the hell out of me.”
“Yes.”
“This ship is armed. Ready for war.”
Heinz was stunned initially, then annoyed and then curious. It took about five seconds to cover all bases. “Armed? With what?”
“Missiles. Two types. Modified AIM-9Ls and AIM-4 Genies. There’s about sixty of them. Not the nuclear variety, they’ve informed me, but…that wouldn’t be the first time I’ve had to live with that lie. They’re in a layer just under the hangar deck floor. They’re inaccessible from inside unless you open up some bulkheads they said, but that’s not necessary to fire them. Of course. The fire controls are on the Bridge in the security positions. The guidance system is up on the bridge too and it is something you may have heard of? It’s linked to the radar systems. At the comm and radar position?”
“No. But I’ll have a look.”
“Well, ask Teller and Farman to fill you in. In fact your Canadian compatriots may have heard of them. GKA-5? Fart-49? Apparently they’re in common usage at radar sites in Canada too. They send the commands from the DC-37. It’s a data link to steer the missiles to the target from a ground station.” Edwards paused, “Which, I guess, we have just become. So I guess we can expect a knock on the hangar door from our friend Klatu any minute.”
Heinz grinned and turned serious, “So this was planned from the start? I mean, you can’t fit a spaceship with weapons a couple of days just before launch.” But how did he know about Klatu? Big Brother? Loud voices on a quiet ship?
“No. No, they were there from the start.”  
Edwards sat back, “You can’t really be too surprised at this, Henry. We are the USAF after all and keep in mind weapons in space certainly didn’t start with Orion.”
“Surprised? Yes. I had no clue. How could I? I guess I haven't been paying enough attention to the US space program.” Heinz paused, “Not common knowledge though, I guess? The President knows, of course? He knew when he was here? Of course he knows. How could he not. Why would I even question that?” Or say it?
Edwards remained silent.
Heinz paused, and then asked because he had to, “We will use them against the Russian ship?”
“If we have to we will defend ourselves… but I doubt that will be necessary. We don’t even know, at least not yet, if they have weapons. But we have to assume they do.”
“Copy that.”
Heinz moved back a minute or two, “So sending Orion to Mars wasn’t part of the original USAF plan for her?” 
Edwards chuckled, “No. She started out on paper in the late fifties as an interplanetary exploration ship, but that got pushed aside. Then she was going to be the first of 10 space stations in orbit around Earth for the USAF to monitor other countries for missile launches and manned bomber attacks against us and our allies. Canada too, I guess.”
“I’ve never heard of any of this.”
“The new plan was for her to have anti-satellite and anti-missile systems, to shoot them down soon after launch. And to give a rapid nuke counter-strike capability, too I suppose. That last part didn’t work out. There’s a better way to do that more cheaply and ... that’s about all it took to end that. So those missiles below deck were for self-defence for that mission. So, we have no long range strike capability. Then things got turned around again and here we are in the only one of her kind, way out front in a race to space. 
“Well what happened to that interplanetary ship plan?” The race to beat NASA?
“Well in the end it was just some visionary’s dream, like electric cars and planes. So without funding it was just that – a dream. And as for the anti-missile mission, NASA came along and they got there first, I guess and they are probably going to be a hell of a lot cheaper doing it too. Think about it. It’s cheaper to put an unmanned satellite in orbit to watch for missile launches and mass troop movements than a big ship like this manned with forty people. Think of the costs of just taking them up and down a couple of times a year.”
“Forty people?”
“Yes. And four of them were going to be Marines.”
“No doubt. But multiple trips in small ships would be required to rotate personnel.”
“Yes. And that capability still doesn’t exist. It was part of the overall cost and not an insignificant part. That was a big part of why it was canned.”
“Why are we on the way to Mars?”
“You heard Asner and the President? Just winning the race to anywhere or thing makes it worth it. They beat us to put something in orbit. We can’t let that happen again. We have to beat everyone else. Even to the end of the rink!” 
Heinz smirked, “Good luck with that! Well, here we are. So this weapons thing is not well known? Anywhere?”
“Well, the Orion Project office people certainly know. They considered removing them but…time and money? The crew probably know but they’d keep quiet about it, I think. And probably the Russians know the background story. Spies?”
“So, TS?” 
“The weapons thing no. Sometimes rumours about capabilities are better than the real thing. Just ask the Russkies. About the Russian ship? For now, yes. This is really tricky, so discuss it with no one with the exception of Teller, Farman and the CMS. We don’t need to upset our guys. At least not yet.” Edwards paused, “I will make an announcement to the crew about it when I get approval and but even then only if makes sense to me to do it. 
“Understood. That it for now, sir?” 
“Yes. And Henry?  I’d be interested in your advice how to deal with releasing this to the crew. I cannot speak for you Canadians in this, but many of this crew hate them. Passionately. They’ve seen and done things that…,” Edwards paused, “You know of what I speak?” 
“Yes. I know.” And so did we.
“OK. Thanks.”

Heinz’s log entry for that day was not particularly lengthy and was in pencil:

Informed today by the Commander of a new aspect to this mission that had I known, may have caused me to refuse to join ship. 

***
Day 128  

The pattern was for the crew to eat according to their shifts so one never could be sure of regularly seeing anyone in the Mess Hall. Or the Social Centre, as Heinz openly referred to it on a regular basis.
Military people, being human, tended to group in this order: co-workers, friends, by rank and of necessity, this last reason being driven by the limited selection of remaining seats. Gravity had changed a lot of things onboard and the annoying necessity of having to use chairs was just one of them. This was offset of course, by the ease (relative) of using toilets and eating in space mode.
On Orion, as on many ships he had served on, in the Mess Hall and Recreation Area things were less formal. There was no big deal in mixing ranks at a table.  They were all servicemen of a least a decade service; they ‘got it’.  They would revert to form when required.  Or else!
In fact Edwards had often sat with the TSgts, sharing stories of past activities and postings they had shared.  Many conversations began with “Do you remember?” and ended with “Yeah, that was sad, ridiculous, stupid, or rich.” Ergo the sci-fi, women in space discussions.
Occasionally, probably due to an overabundance of alcohol - not served during working hours - and testosterone, there had been a few blow-ups. The causes had been the usual – alcohol-fuelled humour that progressed to a rant to an offensive rant to calling-out values to pushing, shoving, and finally, wrestling and flinging of fists (and food trays). 
All in all, this was not surprising.  Some messes ‘back home’ had actually banned ‘rants’ (and stand-up comedy) as a preventative measure.
Once, on a ship at sea Heinz had seen a Habs fan attack a Leafs fan with a steak knife in a clenched fist over the drunken comment that Rocket Richard wasn’t fit to play for the Rangers, never mind the Leafs. Regardless of the truthiness of this, Heinz had been forced to intercede and had ended it by pouring a jug of ice water over both Subalterns’ heads, instantly bringing them back to reality. And completing their ‘administrative punishment’.
While not pleasant - losing teeth at sea never was - it was a way to defuse things (sometimes), to remind people of the social niceties of living together in close quarters (often) and to remind people of the Chain of Command (always). 
Heinz had presided over a number of ‘Summary Trials’ in his career. 
 
“Why did you hit him?”
“He called me a jerk.”
“So you hit him over the head with a coffee mug cutting his face, because he called you a jerk?”
“Yes, sir!”
“Why did he call you a jerk?”
“Cause I stole the last part of his steak off his plate. Sir!”
“Had you been drinking?”
“Yes sir!”
“A lot?”
“Yes, sir.”
“OK. Guilty. Two week’s administrative duties. See the Bosun.”
“Yes, sir!”
“Bring in the other guy.”
“Yessir.”
So, according to Heinz, not a big deal.  Administrative punishment left no stain, no formal record and often, very often in fact, made the point to all ranks – do something dumb and you’ll be cleaning toilets and dishes or such for two weeks. So, don’t…do it…again!

***
But essentially the records of the activities on Orion of that time showed a happy ship. Someone was regularly using a radio receiver to pick up on sports results for basketball and had even upon request from Desharnais added hockey to their mission. But as the distance increased that was bound to fail.
So a sports program had been setup with Ping Pong; Card Night - Five Card Stud Poker of course; and of course, Movie Night. A limited selection of B-grade sci-fi, westerns and pornography was available but the projector often malfunctioned at critical moments due to the need for 1g of gravity to run at the correct speed. Damn!

***
The recreation room had a treadmill that was seldom used, mostly due to the complexity of the harness required to be worn to make it work properly if one was serious about the workout.  Free weights were in constant use. Ah Newton, again.
Heinz and the CMS had witnessed an attempt to play baseball on the Hangar Deck.  Whiffle balls and plastic bats had been brought on board; someone had been looking ahead!  None of it went particularly well. The ball curved erratically when pitched and curved afoul spinning annoyingly almost every time it was hit.  Baseball was soon abandoned in favour of darts, which in order to even the skill set had to be done at twice the normal distance, where it became more about eyesight.  Tennis was reportedly considered and dropped due to space limitations.
But Heinz found the amateur night in the Mess Hall to be most satisfying. And emotional. 
Some of the crew could play the sax, some the horn, the piano - sadly and inexplicably missing from Orion - but most sang, accompanying themselves on their acoustic and electric guitars which were apparently and surprisingly unaffected by the lesser gravity and reduced atmospheric pressure on Orion. The best was a relative youngster, a TSgt name of Deutschendorf, nicknamed JD by his mates. Edwards had known his father, who like him was a USAF pilot. 
JD played CW songs by others and some of his own composition, to a mixed reaction. 
“Too weepy.”
“Too much about the abused little baby.” 
“Damn that is good.” 
Heinz liked him upon first encounter. Reminded him of Hank Snow. Sort of
Then one day, a couple of the boys, TSgts “Dutchy’ Struthers and Johnny York dragged out their electric amps and guitars. They were greeted with some obviously only half-joking ‘Here we go agains’, ‘Oh my Gods’, ‘At least it’s not that goddam trance’ and some few left. 
Curious, Heinz listened to them as they left and caught part of it, “…ever hear that Irish band, Pink Flood?” “Not you too, man! Ugh!” 
Well, it had been said that griping was one of the most cherished American constitutional privileges.

They played a song they claimed they had written by themselves titled ‘Heading Up High’ that Heinz believed upon reflection, would have in an another universe been an anthem for all spacefarers, regardless of their nationality or the era in which they existed. 
The final chorus said it all:

Now we're heading up high
Where no harm will get in our way
Will we ever touch ground again?
Now it's a long way down
Now it's a long way down
	
We won't go in; we won't go
Why end it? Why end it?

Were they thinking of Teller and Swinemar?

***
And then one day Heinz had gone down to the Mess Hall for lunch a bit later than usual to find Desharnais sitting in an otherwise empty room.  He got his bags of food and drink and with a noisy grunt to announce himself joined him, strapping himself down on the bench seat.
Desharnais, head down, was busy, writing in a spiral notebook and barely acknowledged him.
“Logbook?”
“No sir. I am trying to write a book about Mars. Sci-fi? You’re a fan too I take it from that weird bull session.” Then it had happened! Beer!
“Sort of. I like some and don’t like others. But that was movies. I’ve got issues with movies. Klatu comes in peace to save everyone and will kill us all if we don’t comply with his demands to keep nukes out of space? We’re a real threat to them, for sure.”
“Well sir, didn’t somebody say if it ain’t me or mine it’s dangerous? He sounds like one of us. To me, anyway. And I think Peaceniks in sci-fi movies are always a bit weird.”
“Meaning?”
“Well, you’ve only got so much time to get your point across. And you got to compete with the sex and creepy aliens, too. And spilled popcorn? So you gotta keep the story moving?”
“OK.”
Heinz moved back 30 seconds, “Well, I’ve read the classics and given up on finding the Princess of Mars when we get there. And anyway, we didn’t bring any swords…at least any I know of. I need them to use current science to get me even started reading, which eliminates a lot of good stuff, but that’s just me. But it means no sex on Mars with holy Martian dancers.”
“Yeah. Made sense then though, didn’t it? Sort of? Bradbury?”
“The Chronicles? Yes. Although I think modern science has sort of demolished that one too. Still, thoughtful at times. About the majority always ruling? About why the farmers went to Mars? Fast food sales on Mars? But I read somewhere, or maybe I saw it on TV that Bradbury didn’t consider it to be sci-fi. Fantasy?”
“Really? It’s complicated. A book is a book. You write it your way and readers read it their way. And editors edit it their way. Or so I’ve been told.”
“Yes. Really?”
‘Yes. Look at the Bible if you don’t get what I mean. And clearly you can’t always predict the future when you are writing. Things change and not according to plan. Even here on this ship on the way to Mars where you’d think it would be clearer but it isn’t any easier to write about it here than it is at home.”
“I see,” said Heinz but didn’t. “So when does your book take place?”
“1990 give or take a couple of years. Things should be pretty well worked out by then.”
“Yeah. For sure. We’ll see. I mean we should still be around then.”
“Yes. Buy maybe I should move it to around 2040? Seems a safer bet.”
“Yes, nobody knows for sure what it’ll be like that far ahead.” Heinz wanted to move back a few minutes, “So I like Heinlein too, although some of it is a bit juvenile.”
Desharnais did not, apparently, get the joke. 
He moved on, “So what is your book about?”
“Well, I’m just playing with ideas right now, but humans land on Mars, men and women and bring their values and our society with them. Of course. Right?”
To Heinz’s quizzical look, he went on, “The Martians live underground by choice and have become pretty much bored with it all, so us humans showing up gets them out of their what I call mepods and starts them thinking about the outside world again. So when they find out we’ve arrived there’re afraid of us, so they steal all the ship’s library books and newspapers to figure out who and what we are. Assess the threat? You know?” 
An intrigued Heinz nodded, “Go on.”
“But what are the books they stole? I bet if you went through this ship you’d find nothing but Playboys, sex novels, spy thrillers, crime stories, westerns, sex novels and a tiny bit of Shakespeare. Plus a couple of tech manuals.”
“Oh. I get it. Not the Public Library. People’s trashy novels…and so on? Hey that’s a good setup.”
“Exactly. Well, let me read this to you...if you want…if I’m not boring you? Sir? Because a lot of people don’t like it when you tell them the stuff you’re writing. I don’t know why but…they just tell you to shut up and…usually politely.”
“Go ahead. Please.”
“OK. Here goes.”
“Yes. Go. Please. Now.”
Desharnais flipped back a few pages and did, ‘A Martian lifeform with the name of Janet traps a human underground and says to him, “I have reviewed all of the data available concerning humans coming into existence, their development as a species, the development of the various civilizations, the development of religion in its many forms, the various interactions between these various civilizations and religions and interactions between individuals, the causes and outcomes of all wars, the attempts at international cooperation for the betterment of the planet and its inhabitants and something called ‘news’ from many sources on Earth. I have formed my own, what you humans call an ‘opinion’ about why humans exist. It is not complex. It is not elaborate or multilayered.  On pain of death my friend, you will tell me your opinion. Tell me human, why are you and your kind here on my planet?”
The human says, “It’s all about sex, power and money. And it’s not always in that order.”
“Oh my. Yes,” she says. “That’s exactly what I thought.’ So she releases him. They may become friends. If it works.”
“Janet?”
“Working names are best. Helps me get outside myself when I’m writing. She’s an ex-girlfriend of mine.”
“So does he ask her out for dinner and a movie?”
“Good idea. Let me write that down.”
“Well, do that. What you’ve got going there is better than some lonely astronaut sitting and talking endlessly about life, the universe and everything to a computer screen or to some dumbass robot with a fake Limey accent. Keep at it. I can’t wait to read it.” Wait out.

***
Day 131 

It wasn’t all fun, of course. 
One day, during lunch, Heinz overheard Dr Ley and Dr Schiller, who had fully recovered discussing the war in Europe. Clearly they held differing views. Hushed as it was and in German, he picked up on snippets. 
“...England almost lost the war. Germany almost won. The United States was…never going to lose.” Perhaps he’d misheard? His German was cranky. They moved on to Daedalus, still heatedly, still in German.
Heinz, who was learning that he actually knew relatively little of global space programs, was entranced. These two sitting within hearing range of him were people of historical importance to various national space programs, now and during the big war. 
He eavesdropped until it became obvious to him that he needed them to switch to English. It was too technical and complex for someone who, while he had been raised in a bilingual household had been away a long while and even then had been more concerned about his share of the schnitzel and noodles than rocket engines. Edwards had said nothing to date of importance re these two but Heinz had a need to know. 
He took his plate and coffee and moved over to sit with them.
They were somewhat astonished to find out that he was not a pilot, had not been involved in space programs and yet was here and filling such an important position. Welcome to the club.
 He filled them in on his recent history.  It quickly moved on.
“Does Canada not have a space program?”
“Yes it does, but it is about communication satellites.  We are a large country geographically but still small in population.  You do realize that?”
Schiller offered, “Yes, of course. I almost moved to Canada after the war but other things got in the way. My paperclip was on the wrong file!” He looked not at Heinz, but at Ley.
Heinz looked baffled. He could not help it. A joke?
“And I often wonder how things may have turned out differently for me, had I moved there.”
Ley did not hesitate to join in whatever this was, “Well, but for a certain overcast day we clearly would not be on our way to Mars, mein Freund.”
“Yes. But I will wait to pass the third stage of judgment on that, mein Freund.”
Ley and Schiller laughed.
Heinz was baffled, again. Code words?  
He’d had a goal in starting this conversation and turned back to it, “But about Daedalus. I know nothing of it. Can you two help fill that void?”
“Know this. The British built a ship like Orion.  Through the USAF we aided them in the design. But they did not see things as you did in the US. Sorry. As the USAF did.  And they launched from the Falkland Islands. It was much safer and less damaging to the local area than Nevada turned out to be.”
Heinz picked up on that, “There was damage? I thought everything was contained locally.”
“Yes. For the most part. Evidently the Base took a beating,” Ley offered.
“But that was expected,” Schiller added quickly. “Temporary buildings, designed cheap to be expendable, mein Freund.”
“D’ah.”
It seemed to Heinz they used that expression a lot; possibly indicating that they were not.
“Yes. But the effects of the nuclear blasts at high altitudes were known and were considered to be worth the cost. Evidently.”
“Stille, Karl! Das is nicht für die Öffentlichkeit bekannt,” Ley said.  Heinz got the gist. 
“What happened?”
They looked at each other. Schiller spoke, Ley sat back in his chair, “The telephone system and power grid failed and some radio and television stations were put off the air for some days. The effect was quite local.”
“Yes, if you call a five hundred kilometer radius local, mein Freund.” 
Schiller grunted.
“EMP?” Heinz enquired. He had heard of this phenomenon but only through the off-the-scope rumour mill. War in space.
“D’ah. EMP. Not to be spoken about. Potentially a powerful weapon, particularly in the highly technologically dependent world we live in,” Ley added.
“D’ah.”
Heinz tried to redirect them, “I want to know more about Daedalus. The crew size, their mission perhaps?”
Looking about the room, nervously it seemed, Ley spoke in a hushed voice, “There is no crew.” 
“What?”
He continued in a hushed voice, “You did not know this? Oh yes. You do not know. Nun ja. Automated control. Computers. Programmed in advance, on Earth and corrected during flight by radio. Mission deemed too risky for the expenditure of human lives.”
“The British are not bold!” Schiller spouted and not too softly.
“Boldness will not conquer space, Karl! But technology will. These are not vacuum tubes; they are transistors, many of them. With much greater reliability and much longer life.  Besides, space travel is ballistics. Numbers that can be calculated swiftly by computers. Humans make mistakes. Meters and yards are confused. Left or right is confusing to some. Humans use gut feelings and make guesses. Humans are not needed!”
 "I know. Some are not.” A deadpan Schiller looked down and away.
“You are like a lot of people, Karl. You are afraid machines are going to wake up one day and say, 'What are we doing here? Let us go out and rule the world.' Is that it?”
“Maybe something like that," Schiller admitted.
They went, to Heinz’s view, rapidly off track. More clues.
“Well, mein Freund Willy. I cannot agree with you. Perhaps you can get one of your calculating machines to visit me in my room and explain. Why don’t you just call out now to her. I mean ‘it’, of course since computers can have no gender.” 
“Werde ernst, Karl. That will never happen. You make a joke over a serious thing.” 
Heinz sensed he was participating in or perhaps was just witnessing a long running discussion, one that ran long and deep. Obviously. Beer would have helped, perhaps?
He decided to call it quits, at least for now. “One last question, if I may?”
“Yes of course, Exec. But please forgive our displays of emotion. We are deeply involved in this, this as yet unresolved technical and philosophical discussion. Forgive us. What is your question?”
He didn’t have to dive very deep to retrieve it, “What could possibly go wrong?”
Schiller and Ley looked at each other and remained silent. 
Schiller broke it, “If Daedalus does not stop for some reason, for any reason, Orion does not have the capability to leave Mars to return home. Very difficult to make preparations for launch. A launch tube is needed, you know?” 
A novice Heinz claimed, “Yes. I know.”
Probably hoping to hand this off, Schiller looked at a Ley who remained silent. For a moment. 
Ley spoke but not softly, “Impossible. Besides. There are too few bombs in the magazines.”
Yes. Beer would have helped, but only German beer. But maybe it already was involved. Maybe this would help?
“Es war mir eine Freude, mit Ihnen, meine Herren, zu sprechen.”
“You speak German!” They were stunned.
“They called me Punch-card Hinnie in university!”
“Oh mein Gott.”
“Ja. Mein Gott.”

***
Later that night Edwards called Heinz to the Ready Room.
“I’ve reconsidered this Russian ship thing and have decided for now to just keep the information from the crew.” 
Heinz had assumed that was the case, otherwise Edwards would have jumped on it.
“Why?”
“Because it is unnecessary. It may be that we can accomplish our mission without ever revealing this small detail to them. It changes nothing, them not knowing. And…it could potentially be a source of anxiety; dare I say…a provocation, for them to know?”
Heinz disagreed with the principle, but he was not in command. Still, he spoke, “I think it could be a morale booster. Afterall, while we don’t know the Russian mission...” He stopped, “We don’t, do we?”
“No, we don’t. So far, it’s just speculation. Circling, maybe. Landing, maybe. Going right past, possibly. MSC is trying to find out, but the lines are pretty firmly drawn in the sand on this, at least by them. Now.”
“Well, we are ahead in the race to Mars. But I see your point, sir. Revealing it to them is unknown. Not revealing it is at least predictable.”
“Aye.”
“As long as everyone has kept their mouth shut.”
Edwards grimaced, “Aye to that!”

***
A few weeks later he was sought out while on watch in the Ready Room by Dr Ley who apologized for what he called the ‘tone’ of the discussion Heinz had witnessed that day in the Mess Hall.
“We are countrymen, but we do not share common views or values. It was a difficult time.  It was a division that humans cannot explain except to say that when one’s family and one’s own life is at stake one makes decisions and deals with the consequences. And if one can accept the part one played, one deals with the regrets, eventually. Or perhaps, inevitably. Karl is a fine man; you can count on his skill, knowledge and support.”
“I am pleased to hear that.”
“And mine also, Exec.”
“Good. I have appreciated our discussions regarding the design, readiness and outfitting of the ship. I needed to hear those things. Now, what can I do for you?”
In a few moments it was clear that Ley was suffering. Suffering the regrets of the decisions made that he had just alluded to.
Over the next hour or so he explained that he and Schiller had worked on the V1, V2 and V3A weapons systems in southern Germany during the war until things, as he put it, the military situation became ‘unpleasant’ and ‘fell apart’.  He had been taken prisoner by combined Slovakian and Soviet forces and was being held in Moscow when the bombs fell. Many of his friends and in particular a valued co-worker, von Braun had died when the Allies A-bombed the Ukraine. 
Heinz recalled that despite all A-bombs falling upon Soviet-occupied territory the message had clearly been received in Germany and that war was soon over. He remained quiet for a time. Historical accounts varied.
Ley went on. When hostilities ceased in 1947, he was ‘bought’ by America from a political splinter group of Russians who were more concerned than Stalin was with restoring the industrial and agricultural capabilities of the country to feed and employ the starving masses rather than building missiles and rockets for a future war.  Historical accounts varied.
They had not abused him; they had allowed his family to join him and indeed live with him. However, he said with tear-filled eyes, the group had eventually been thrown into Siberian detention camps; a fact he had not become aware of until long after it had occurred. 
Schiller, Ley revealed, had escaped with his family from Berlin just before the Wall went up and had offered his services to the Americans in return for safe passage from a tortured Europe. The urgency to catch up with Russians causing many things to be set aside, he had been accepted quickly into the US space research program. 
“It is not however true that the Russians got all of the good German rocket scientists. Most of my associates were production engineers. And while they did get all the documentation, very little of it was unpublished. Think for a moment how we felt about working for anyone, for any country that had been our enemy. We were traitors to all and all we stood for.”
He thought of this last point. At least they had escaped. In Russia, many were not so fortunate. And it was an insight he had never allowed himself to consider, despite having a family story of his own that he could not ever share.
It ended with Ley reiterating their support for Heinz and by extension, the mission of Orion.
“And thank you my friend. I hope I have not burdened you with these things.”
“No. Not at all, Doctor.”
Ley left. 
He held his face in his hands for some minutes. 
Choose your friends, live with your enemies. 

CHAPTER 19 – ABOUT FACE

Day 143

Time passed. Heinz busied himself with studying the approach and landing procedures. The delay to Earth was now nearly 20 minutes, not an inconsiderable amount of time but still, a lot could happen in 20 minutes. Or not. 
On one hand, as Edwards had pointed out, it allowed one to consider the impact and import of questions from MSC before having to give an answer and as Teller had succinctly pointed out, by extension, offered the same benefit to MSC.  Time to consider the options and decisions.

They were about 20 days out from Mars. The camera views forward failed to reveal much. The grainy pictures showed a bright reddish dot, but little else. How they wished for the multi forward-window endowed version of classic sci-fi spaceships. 
He thought of the impact upon morale of a deck full of wistful crewmen leaning hard on the lifelines, looking anxiously at the approaching tropical (or non-tropical) harbour. But, he allowed, there may have been other factors at work there. 
Ley had simply said, “Not required.” That covered that.
A crew of four sent out to check on engine covers and such led by Swinemar and including Desharnais reported that it was “a very large bright red dot, not directly ahead’, which was helpful, sort of. 
“No clamps though anywhere, thank the Gods. But I’m not sure exactly what I was looking for,” a sweaty Swinemar reported and added that they had found a fix to the loose boots issue of the spacesuits. 
“Duct tape. Goddam duct tape. You have to wrap it real tight and in the end it cracks and falls off anyway but it works better than those Velcro ties.” 
Heinz let it pass.

***
Teller had been initially unsuccessful in locating the Russkie ship with the side looking radars for the reason that the ship was simply beyond the maximum range capabilities of the radars as delivered from the factory, something that did not immediately reveal itself. Factory default?
Interestingly, Teller reported that they were surrounded by many small objects at distances of up to fifty nautical miles or so – which when asked Dr Ley advised were the CO2 bottles thrown from the Hangar Deck at the commencement of rotation. But that was not important, it seemed.
To look for the Russian ship and Daedalus required not milli-seconds between transmissions, not even tens of seconds; but much, much more.  The Russian ship was by all guesses eighteen million nautical miles behind them. Simple math said 220 seconds. So Teller and Desharnais had made some adjustments that greatly increased the range. They keyed a single transmission and watched the A-scopes waiting. Nothing was seen. 
They consulted Dr Ley who again pointed out to them that due to their current orientation the nose mounted radar could not see behind them or even that much to the sides but likewise, with a hand-drawn sketch of their relative paths to Mars showed them that the side-looking radars too were simply looking in the wrong place.  He offered privately to Teller that when the ship was turned end for end it would be possible and easy to find it.  
However, Daedalus they had found quite easily with the nose radar. It was just days ahead of them and heading for Mars. But on initial attempts it was not there. After some fruitless tries by Teller and Swinemar, Doctor Ley had assisted by adjusting the ship’s orientation and bingo, on the next burst, there she was in the middle of the display.
Over the next few days they repeated the sweeps and it became apparent that they were overtaking Daedalus. On a cosmic scale the changes were minor, but real and puzzling. 
Ley settled it for Teller, Desharnais and Heinz while standing by the radar workstation.
“Regardless of your mistaken assumption Captain, the Russian vessel is on a different course than us. They left later than us; ergo they will only be directly behind us when we are very near to Mars. Daedalus left ahead of us and is slowing to adjust its velocity to go into orbit alongside Deimos.” 
Heinz was alarmed by this public discourse regarding a very sensitive issue. He looked about the Bridge to see who had heard the discussion re the Russian ship. In addition to the four of them there was Swinemar, who knew the score, but three others, the 2nd Engineer, another TSgt radar tech and the head of security were present and they did not. Or at least should not.
He gestured for Ley, Teller, Farman, Desharnais and Swinemar to follow to him into the Ready Room. Mercifully the CO was elsewhere.
“Sorry for the weirdness, but we’ve got to keep this under wraps.  Just to remind you all, the existence of the Russian ship is not to be acknowledged until the Commander releases that bit to the crew. Understood?” 
Teller nodded. Swinemar didn’t. Neither did Desharnais. Dr Ley apologized for his indiscretion. He should have done this, this briefing thing, weeks ago. Damn.
“Well sir. Judging from what I’ve been hearing on the Mess Deck,” the usually quiet Desharnais offered, “a lot of people already know. And I can tell you they didn’t get it from me.”
“Me neither sir.”
“Shit!” Yes. Shit.
“So would you call it general knowledge among the crew?”
“Yes. Probably. Sir.”
“How on Earth…”
“Loose words. Hints, bits and pieces pieced together. It has been weeks, sir, since we heard of them following us.” Desharnais suggested. “We all know something is up when you guys, I mean you officers are grinning and talking into your hands in front of us if you’ll pardon my…”
“Most of the crew are bored out of their skulls sir,” Swinemar threw out just in time to save Desharnais’ ass. “You don’t see what we’ve seen down below. There have been fights over some silly stuff like sports and women, which in case you haven’t noticed are both pretty scarce, and some guys just don’t like other guy’s opinions. Politics and the like? One-upmanship? Reading the pulp? Hey! Look at me. I know stuff you don’t! Still, that’s the sense I’m getting. Someone knew and told it when they wanted to, to who they wanted to know. I think they all know. Now.” 
Desharnais nodded assent. “The usual stuff…in bars and space ships.”
An old story, anywhere, Heinz thought. Damage control? Why not?
“OK. That’s it for now. Keep it under your hats. On your way, mes amis.”
Teller stayed. “You have to tell the CO.”
“Yes. I know. I will.”

***
He tracked Edwards down in the Rec Room where he was grunting while manoeuvering a weighted bar up and down, all the while listening to some C&W tune Heinz did not recognize that was spelling out words one letter at a time. Oh.
“This must be bad news if you’ve come to the sweat shop to see me?”
He looked about seeing a few others, “It’s about the food quotas, sir.”
Edwards got it, “OK. Ready Room in half an hour?”
“Yes sir.”

***
“Yes, I know. CMS picked up on it. Told me a while ago. He figured somebody leaked it, but he had no idea who. Or so he said. Evidently it spread very quickly. A believable thing, it seems.”
Heinz was surprised. And disappointed, in himself for not foreseeing this and in the CMS, for not telling him. And in Edwards. This, on a number of levels, was not supposed to happen. He saw the hows and whys now, easily.
“So you have a plan?”
“Yes. Well. Sort of. Until it is confirmed it is just rumour, so we’ll leave it at that until I get clarification on their plans. And I mean the Russkies’ plans.  We are closing in on braking.  Doc Ley says they can’t catch us.  So, until something happens, it’s business as usual.”
“OK.”
“By the way, Henry.  By all reports and grumbles, despite this little blurp, you’re doing a good job.”
“Thanks.”
“Keep it up. I appreciate your bluntness. And your honesty. Not always a given.  Thanks.”
“Sir. Just doing my duty.”
“Well, keep doing it that way.”
“Aye sir.”

***
Whatever was going on the lower decks, it did not to Heinz seem to affect the performance of the crew at their duties. 
Regardless, against his better judgment - or was it conscience? - as a precaution he recruited Swinemar and Desharnais to keep an eye on things. They actually seemed enthused to be on the ‘inside’ of things. 
Mackenzie? Not so much so.
He responded with a subdued ‘will-do, sir’ at Heinz’s request, but he was left with another impression.
He realized that the MS had seen this all before, having done five tours on ships, once into action in Middle East waters and knew how things worked (really worked) on ships at sea, on the surface and underneath. 
He was left with the feeling that the MS did not, could not and was never going to trust him.  At least, not the way the others had. Or appeared to, anyway.
Regardless, the ship plodded on, the clock ticking down to the day when rotation would cease and deceleration would commence. 

CHAPTER 20 – KICKED FROM BEHIND

Day 163

In response to his questions re the mood of the crew Heinz had gotten some interesting stories.
Despite a lengthy formal mission indoctrination (was too lengthy), training on ship’s systems (was too lengthy), training on Earth in post-landing mission activities (was too phony) and being surrounded by scientists and engineers obsessed with Orion (yes, obsessed was a good word), many it seemed, had formed their own ideas about why this was being done.
In answer to the obvious question – What is it about Mars that makes it worth it? - some of the things he heard in the first person and from Swinemar and Desharnais made sense and some not so much.
According to Desharnais they ranged from the possible and/or feasible to the ridiculous. Apparently the often alcohol-fuelled discussions and arguments one heard depended upon which table one sat at on a particular night and where one actually sat.
Some claimed Mars would be invulnerable to attack from other countries and was therefore a good place to establish a military base. Some claimed that secret missions had discovered vast quantities of gold, diamonds, platinum, dilithium crystals (as if), corbomite and a powerful, previously-unknown-to-science radioactive material that would solve all of Earth’s power generation needs for ever (as if). And one claimed this was nothing more than a sovereignty move - to get there first and claim it to provide a safe refuge for a failing Earth. Failing? Failing from what? For who? Hollywood?
And of course, some claimed they were going there to mate with alien life forms.
We’ll see. What else could you say? 
Well. Apparently, a lot.

***
And the day arrived.  Knowing that weightlessness was a consequence, no one looked forward to it, but still, seeing the outcome of not doing it, things got done.
He inspected the ship from top to bottom and confident in her readiness reported so to the Bridge. At his suggestion Teller pulled the side-looking radars in and while doing so gave Heinz that ‘good idea look’.
He chose to watch the crew on the Hangar Deck vent the CO2, noting the absence of the CMS.
It made no difference; the team performed the tasks as with a practiced hand. That task completed, he floated back up to the Bridge Deck with the intent of watching the procedure for braking from there.
He took the unoccupied 2nd Engineer seat and strapped in.
Ley had been gathering information from the forward looking radar for several days to orient the ship and engaged in frequent communications with MSC to determine the required firing duration necessary to put them into a low orbit. The numbers indicated that 240 bombs were required. But this seemingly demanding and precise calculation was, surprisingly it turned out, very much an adhoc thing. ‘Let her run; measure and adjust’, he informed them. Not comforting.
Once the ship had ceased rotation, weightlessness had returned. For many, including Heinz this was a difficult time. Fortunately Doc Ostrow had the foresight to advise everyone to take their pills.  
And there was another task to be performed – that of turning her end for end and onto the correct angle. Again this was Dr Ley’s work. It was done over several hours using the gyros. 
Throughout that time Ley remained in an ‘Engineer’s cocoon’ with head down, an arm tucked in at his side, his face unreadable, mute. They waited. 
Finally he came out of it and announced that all was in readiness. 
At the designated time Edwards flipped a switch and gravity returned. The periodic explosions were damped and the energy was transferred to the payload section in smooth pulses. All in all, not too difficult to handle; welcomed, in fact. It was rhythmic, regular enough that one could actually move about, if it was necessary.
After forty or so pulses though they stopped, unexpectedly. It was several seconds before anyone, including Edwards, noticed. Weightlessness returned.
“Ley! Is that it? What is going on? Did you stop it?” Edwards demanded in succession, toggling the switch back and forth rapidly to no good effect.
“No sir. I did not.”
“Well the counter is showing releases are continuing. But I don’t feel anything.”
“Continue, sir. It may just be an anomaly, a malfunction. Please continue.”
The seconds ticked by, the counter incremented, the weightlessness continued. 
After a minute or so Edwards ordered the firing to cease. 
A PA announcement told everyone to hold their positions.
“Ley, Heinz! The Ready Room if you please. Teller, take over here. Keep alert!”
“Sir!”
They joined him.
“What the hell is going on?”
Ley took the lead, “There may be a malfunction in the bomb delivery rack. Or perhaps the ejector is jammed. Or the bombs are failing to detonate. Investigation is required, sir.”
“Well. Heinz, get Quinn and the boys on it.”
“Right away sir.” He started on his way.
“Ley. Is time a factor?” 
Heinz needed to hear this and stopped partway out the Ready Room door.
“Not yet, sir. We will need to use more bombs to make up for the delay, but I cannot determine the number until we know more and when firing is to resume.”
“Well Heinz? Get moving.”

For the Love of Money

Heinz and the Engineering Officer SMSgt Quinn headed down to the engine room.  Other than his brief ‘Geiger Counter’ foray he had not been there since his somewhat awkward intro with Dr Ley and Sawyer.  He was not sure that he would be of any help but this was a crisis situation and information was required. As they entered Quinn turned about awkwardly and faced him.
“Sir. I’ve got a bad feeling about this. This may be dangerous. I have no choice but…”
He cut him off, “I’ll deke out if it gets too warm for me. Lets’ get moving Eng!”
They went down, looking for things that were dark and obviously out of place. Everything looked normal, at least to Heinz. The gauges and dials were all active; all five control bays were functional, at least to his eyes, but what did he really know?
Quinn did. “Everything looks OK, but I think we need to see it running.”
“Are we safe here while it’s going?”
“Yes. I have done this before, a couple of times, during pre-flight testing? But you can go if you want, sir.”
“I’ll stay. Maybe a can of Mr Pibb is jamming things up.” Quinn didn’t get it and he didn’t explain.
Quinn called the Bridge and gave them an update. They agreed quickly with his suggestion to re-start firing.
“Go!”
The mechanical sounds of the magazine machinery were damnably loud, and regular. Little that was helpful could be seen; the five separate bombs magazines were enclosed in their own raceways and made of a lead-coated metal. They were bolted to a curved supporting framework.
In fact, there was no sign of anything moving beyond the jerky turning of gears, sprockets and chains: chirp, chirp, chirp, bang, knock and a whirring noise followed by a slam and a pop, repeat as necessary, which Quinn informed him over the noise, was just the way it ran. What was missing were the clunks, bumps and bangs of the bombs exploding not all that far away from their current location.
 It seemed it went on for about a minute while Quinn carefully watched the needles bob and the lights flicker. He adjusted a few knobs; watched the effect and reset them to their original settings.
Eventually he came to a conclusion, “It is running properly. They are being ejected. I think it’s the bombs themselves.”
 With that he nodded assent. Quinn called up to the Bridge to stop the sequence and pass this fact on. 
He heard Quinn and Ley discuss the possibilities. There were few; but if Quinn was right, Ley conceded, there was only one next step: pull the covers off the last section of the Rack 4 dispenser and take a look at the bombs themselves.
Again Quinn gave him the option of leaving. He offered to stay and help. “Put me to work, man!”
They set to it. In the weightlessness of space Heinz spent more time tracking down tools, nuts, bolts and finally the covers themselves as they tried to float away than doing anything else. It took about an hour to get the section of the raceway closest to the ejector mechanism open. Many securing bolts, not always in easily accessible places even in a weightless environment had to be removed. Of course. This was not supposed to happen.
Still, once opened to viewing it was somewhat anti-climactic. Only three bombs were visible, with more hinted back in the dark and curving distance. And yes, they were what Heinz had seen the workers carrying to Orion’s topside that day being and loaded: about a yard high, roundish, shaped like inverted thermos bottles, in fact. He had never really wanted to see them up close, but….this wasn’t supposed to happen.
In the cramped space, Quinn blocked his view, but after a few minutes he pulled back and gestured for Heinz to take a closer look. He did, but what was he looking at and for?
“See that flat five-wire cable running down that first one?”
“Yes.”
“It is supposed to be tied down to the body with a tie wrap. I may be wrong. I may be crazy in fact, but I’ll bet real money that that’s it. It’s been on all the others I’ve seen. It’s not on these three.”
“How does that prevent the bomb from going off?”
Quinn floated up and over Heinz, reached in and tugged the cable at midpoint, softly at first, then in incremental steps, a bit more firmly. Soon, from someplace in the top part of the bomb a connector pulled free and the connector end came up. Quinn reseated it. Too easy.
“That connector is letting go. As it goes into the ejector or maybe as it’s ejected.”
“Damn.”  Heinz refrained from the obvious. “So. Options?”
“I need to pull the whole raceway off and fit them with tie wraps, if they need them. That should do it.”
“How long?”
Quinn looked away and around, obviously doing a recce and a rough math calculation simultaneously. “Well. You saw how long it took to do just this one. Every cover holds four. That’s a lot of covers.”
“We can assemble a couple of teams.  OK?”
“Yes. Still. That’s a lot of bombs. If we don’t need them we can dump them. Rack 5 should be OK. I can check.” 
Quinn knew his stuff but this was beyond their call. Well beyond.
Regardless, Heinz considered the options.
 “No. I’ll go up and get some techs sent down to help you to get started. I’ll run that dumping idea by Doctor Ley and the CO and see what they think. It may turn out to be a numbers game.”
“OK. I’m on it.”
“You got enough tie wraps?”
“We’ll see. I’ll track them down.”
Heinz went back up to the Bridge.

***
“So the bombs were actually ejected?” an exasperated Edwards gasped. 
Heinz had not expected this. “Yes. They just failed to go off. As I’ve explained.”
Doctor Ley shook his head and frowned. Not a good sign in a scientist/engineer on a spaceship. Or in a TV or automobile repair shop, for that matter.
“We have ejected 225 of the Rack 4 bombs. About forty – rather, forty three - were effective. That leaves us with 175 in Rack 4 and 400 in Rack 5.”
Edwards leaned forward in his chair, “Are we OK? For landing?”
“Yes, but we must forgo the orbit and land in one manoeuvre.
“Explain.”
Ley did. It was now about the safety margin. “As long as we have a margin at least 50 bombs available there is no cause for alarm. But our options are reduced. And time is of the essence.”
None of this discussion made much sense to Heinz, but he remained silent for the moment.
“I see. How many guys are down there working?” Edwards asked.
“Three crews of three will have to do. There isn’t enough room for any more.”
“How long?” 
“Well if they have to take them all apart it will be considerable. I would say, about 36 hours. We’ll need to spell them off, too.”
“CMS? See to the manning.”
“Yes sir.” 
“Dr Ley? How’s that fit with the plan?”
“I will need to do some calculations. I need a few hours to look at this.”
“See to it. I think the Exec and I will go down and take a look.”

***
Edwards and Heinz did not stay long. There was not much to see. The crews had already set up lights and, preoccupied with floating, holding on, bracing themselves and getting it done barely acknowledged their Commanding Officer’s presence. Business as usual.
Halfway back up Edwards stopped and turned to Heinz, a perturbed look on his face. He summed up what Heinz had been thinking since the reveal.
“How much?”
“Five for a dollar, sir. You’d have to go all the way into the back of the store to get them though. I can do that if you say so.”
“Damn! Double damn. Well? No names; no pack drill.”
“Aye.” Business. As usual.

***
Heinz was a party to the Ready Room discussion between Edwards, Ley and Teller about the steps remaining to landing. As per Edwards-style, personal thoughts and opinions were invited.
Of course the ship would have to be re-orientated to compensate for the change in timing – several times in fact, but something relatively easily done and not unexpected. Ley however revealed that the bomb load was a bit more critical than he had at first advised. 
A reserve of 30 was required to position the ship after attaining orbit, to readjust if necessary and to make landing in the target area less risky. Their margin was forty, pretty slim all considered, causing Teller to enquire if the whole idea of landing was not too risky too even attempt and should they not maybe consider orbiting without landing, conduct the radar mapping and just meet up with Daedalus.
This statement triggered something in Heinz. He had been told by his ‘spies’ that this very idea was being talked about, often and heatedly in the Mess Hall, Rec Area and even work places. He held his words in check.
Ley countered that they could potentially skip taking orbit and go directly to landing, thus saving on the reserve margin. After all, he claimed, the surveys to date had shown Mars to be, except for a few areas, just a wind-blown plain unlikely to present any difficulty at landing. Chance was therefore on their side. Chance? This wasn’t Blackjack!
Edwards took command, not by making a decision but rather by telling both sides of the room that this was something that could wait until things were a bit more clearly understood and perhaps could even form a progression of decisions and actions. He asked them to keep working on their options and to be ready when needed with their detailed plans completed.
At the conclusion it seemed to Heinz that the consensus was that yes, they had come a long way to be put off by just risk. More to follow.

***
In the end of course, the refitting of the bombs was done in just 18 hours. Had they had nothing more to do that would have earned the men involved a tip of the hat and a round at the bar from the CO.  
The price was not much more than anticipated, although one tech lost part of a finger to a stubborn cover that snapped back on him unexpectedly. A small price had been paid by everyone involved – exposure to radiation. Still, as someone had called out, it was ‘a pensionable injury for sure’, if a few hundred million milestones could just be crossed to present their claims to the DVA.  A joke to some. A good sign from a good work gang.
However, Quinn reported there were only seven tie wraps left on-board, so….
But that could and had to wait.
Upon a final word from Quinn that things were back in place, the ship was put on readiness for braking. Ley did some more calculations to adjust for the change in timing and employed some form of magic using the gyros to turn the craft a calculated number of degrees and then did some more fine tuning to get the angle of force just right to keep them going to the right spot on Mars. 
And yes, Ley informed them in a last minute discussion in the Ready Room that they should forgo attaining an orbit and just go straight in. The characteristically open discussion was short and to the point. Teller, Farman and the CMS leaned towards safety and preferred just going into orbit to landing. Heinz expressed the opinion the safety margin, while marginal was within specs. Dr Ley remained silent. 
LCol Edwards leaned back, folded his arms and said it concisely, “We are going to land. We’ve got one shot at this. We do it as per Doctor Ley’s recommendation.”  And that was that.
Soon after a PA announcement gave five minutes notice.
The braking commenced again. This time there were no interruptions. Heinz watched as Ley read a punch tape like a passionate stock broker looking for some magic numbers as it spewed from the D-37C. So far so good. 
The bomb counter ticked up.
Edwards, upon advice from Ley, continued the firing until the prescribed number of bombs had been released, then flicked the switch. 
The Bridge gave a collective sigh of relief.
Teller spoke, “Well Doc, you just learned one of the most important USAF military principles.”
“Meaning?”
“Learn from your mistakes, and don’t make them again.”
“I don’t think America invented that. That’s probably what those mysterious prehistoric cave markings say.”
The CMS said it first, “Dodged a bullet there, I’d say.”
They all left it to the CO to do the comeback. “Or two!”
For a time things returned to normal. Next stop, Mars.

CHAPTER 21 – MARS

Day 168

As crappy as the cameras were Mars was now becoming impressive, growing noticeably larger every day until on this particular day it filled the screen. Over the last few days Edwards had allowed, indeed had encouraged all crew members to come up to the Bridge to see ‘the sights’ as he referred to Mars. 
All of them had been on the Bridge at least once before, even Cookie who upon arrival had immediately pulled a pad from a pants pocket and rapidly sketched the scene, in pencil, several times over.
Teller whispered to Heinz, “He’s going to sell his artwork when he gets back. Or so he thinks.”
Upon leaving the deck Cookie whispered something to his shipmate that was only partly heard by Heinz. Something odd. Something about having to bring their own tin cans. What? Of course they did.

***
Of course, like everything else, the landing manoeuvre was to commence at the rather inconvenient time of 0430.
They met in the Ready Room the evening before to go over the final details. It being weightless time again, chairs were dispensed with. But not protocol.
Ley began. He had determined their landing point but conceded that given all the variables he could be out by 50 miles or more. Lunae Palus, he called it. 
But the available charts did not. Mariner’s comparatively low quality imaging of parts of the planet that they had no intention of visiting had, he informed them, been of marginal use in mission planning. Earth-based astronomical observations had also been of little help. The critical surface features, meaning the details of location, size and composition of craters, hills, rifts and valleys that could affect the landing were quite unknown. “All of that is allocated to chance. And chance will have to wait.”
 Ergo the value of scanning the surface upon arrival with the mission radars? And eyeballs? We’ll see.
He continued. The final numbers showed only a 20-second margin for adjusting the landing site, a number far below the 100 that had been projected at launch. He warned that with all of the unknowns, including the composition of the surface they would actually land on it could be a ‘hard landing’. 
Heinz had noted this fact had been a topic of recent discussions in the Mess Hall. It seemed that given the issues they had heard of such as the radar antenna failures to deploy, and seen, namely dealing with plugged plumbing and toilets and several life support system and power failures, putting your life and trust in some technique, some thing that had never been tested seemed risky.  But surely the risks had been considered?
Some days before in the privacy of the Mess Hall Ley had explained to Heinz, “The landing site should be expected to be altered certainly, to be contaminated by the last few bombs used just prior to the landing. This has been considered but unlike the controlled conditions at our take-off, the effects are completely unknown.” 
It had seemed to Heinz that given the extensive preparations and unknowns from their takeoff, landing while reviewing printouts of radar range and lateral motion while approaching the surface and making what seemed to be no more than an intelligent guess about when to stop the engines was…what? Risky? Insane?
He had not challenged Ley with that thought.  Trust your men?
But here and now in this meeting Ley did not choose to share this uncertainty with the group. 
Edwards advised that as Ley and Teller would be analysing the radar and bomb release data in ‘real-time’, as he called it, from their work positions, they would essentially carryout the landing themselves. 
All others, including him, would remain strapped down in their quarters until an ‘all clear’ was given over the PA. 
There was something inherently wrong in this approach to Bridge manning Heinz felt, but in a way, in the event of a hard landing, it made sense. Regardless, there would probably be no time for any type of debate re options at any critical moment. Nor time to implement them.
Edwards suggested, in the form of an order, that the CMS and Heinz were to inspect the ship to ensure readiness, one hour before firing. So much for a good nights’ sleep.
There being no further questions or orders they were dismissed. 
Heinz chose not to share his doubts with the Commander.

***
Day 169

Following their inspection during which a few things were moved about in the Rec Area to ensure they were better secured Heinz and the CMS returned to the Bridge at 0410. 
The door to the Ready Room was closed.  They busied themselves doing nothing until, after ten minutes or so, the door opened and Teller and Ley came out. 
Teller, his face uncharacteristically sombre took up his position next to Ley.
He announced to no one and everyone, “We’re going down,” and turned away abruptly.
Edwards came out, “Exec. Make an announcement that all personnel are to return to their bunks and stay there until I say they can get up!” He paused, “You can phrase it as you like.” Humour. A difficult concept.
Heinz did.
In a final act, Edwards shook everyone’s hand. “See you on Mars!”

***
Heinz arrived at his quarters with just minutes to spare. A five minute warning was issued over the PA. He recognised Teller’s voice, but it was unusually flat and unemotional, clinical, detached. Perhaps he was otherwise occupied? Distracted? Resigned?
He strapped himself in and stared at the ceiling. Minutes passed, not unmeasured or un-noticed.
Ley counted down from ten.
The pulsing of the bombs commenced. What could possibly go wrong?

***
It seemed strange, particularly to Heinz that the measure of the amount of fuel remaining on Orion could be equated to tens of seconds. He was accustomed to measuring such things in hundreds of tonnes of Bunker C and days, if not weeks of cruising capability, but that, it seemed, was just one more of the novelties of space travel. Oh well.
That they were possibly only moments from death or fame (or both) was both alarming and unsettling to him. He was unsure which applied to which and strangely he saw nothing comforting in any of the outcomes.
He, who had seen and heard missiles pass only a dozen feet or so overhead to land in the sea behind, who had seen shells explode on parts of his ship, killing some, sparing him and others and waves sweep unsuspecting compatriots overboard never to be seen again could not move on, at least not at this point, with the consideration of the possible outcomes.
He recalled for some unfathomable reason something his wife, now far away in another and certainly novel sense had once said about their relationship – ‘You are never out of the woods, but the woods can be beautiful.’
It was true; even here and now, approaching Mars.  What, he wondered, was next?
He would know soon, whether he wanted to or not.
The pulsing stopped. And restarted, several times as he expected. Then it stopped again for a longer time.
Next, according to design, plans, engineering efforts and manufacturing skills Orion would plunk down on the surface.
Except it didn’t. The pulsing resumed, but only for a few seconds it seemed. Then there was a moment of falling, of weightlessness, followed by something that before it could be fully analysed by the human mind was overtaken by darkness, silence and nothingness.

CHAPTER 22 – PLAN B

Latitude 19.XXN
Longitude 06X.XW
Common Name—NE Lunae Palus
Lunae Palus Quadrangle MC-10

Being out near the Asteroid Belt was interesting for a number of reasons. The Martian night sky was frequently marked with the trails of meteorites ranging in size from grains of dust to large boulders and once every ten or so million years or so something much larger. In fact, such things in the Martian sky were relatively commonplace.
Had there been anyone with eyes - one or more - standing about the landing site, the observer watching the western sky would have seen a soundless, pulsing white light move slowly across the sky towards him (or her or it). This would have gone on for a few minutes, the light continuing to pulse and move closer. Then it would have stopped. The sound, weakened by distance and a thin atmosphere would have arrived, finally. Loud and forceful, it would have shaken the very dirt below. If their eyes had recovered quickly enough from the very bright pulses, the observer would have seen a black object of considerable size descending straight down to their position.
In a few seconds the pulses, ten in fact, started up again, accompanied by incredibly bright light, intense heat and gusts of wind accompanied by noise of novel tones at unprecedented volume.
Then the observer would have seen, in the split second before they were crushed to death, the pusher plate of the Orion.
However, the only significant impact of Orion’s visit to Mars on Martian lifeforms was from the un-exploded bombs. They entered the atmosphere sequentially, some on essentially the same path as Orion, others considerably displaced, with most of them burning up relatively harmlessly. Of the 180, for some reason a number survived intact and chance being what it is slammed into Lunae Palus, some very far away and some not too far from Orion creating craters, in some cases of up to twenty yards diameter. None exploded. 
One however penetrated the surface and tore open a hole in the brine-filled cavern that contained a Martian lifeform.
This lifeform, unlike the only other Martian lifeform that inhabited the inter-connected underground caverns of Mars, had evolved separately, and had, over tens of millions of years, become conscious and intelligent.  In fact, at the precise moment of its destruction, the lifeform was engaged in preparing a written record of its history since the time of its awakening millions of cycles ago and was occupied in scratching it into the wall of its home, using diamond tipped rocks as tools.
Alas, this being was killed in the impact and the record of its history was destroyed, along with all traces of the creature.

***
How long he had been unconscious Heinz had no idea. He awoke slowly to silence and darkness, but as he came to his senses and dealt with the fact that he was probably not dead, he looked around. Emergency lights showed the way to the exit from his quarters. 
The soft glow showed that the room and indeed he himself was littered with debris created by the collapse of the ceiling and God only knew what else. It was, upon examination, Gyproc. Gyproc? Who the hell builds a spaceship out of Gyproc?
He shook it off and sat up, instantly aware that things had changed and one of the changes was that there was gravity of a measure that he had not thus far experienced. They were on the surface, apparently. And he was relatively intact. 
He looked around. Teller was fortunate to have been on the Bridge; a massive beam had crushed his cot down to the floor. Farman was not in his bed, which like his own was at least intact.
He heard a noise, a moaning, coming from the hallway. His door was open, open into a gloomy darkness.  He stood and felt something moving across his face. Reaching up he found a bloody scalp, caused by a deep gash on his forehead. No big deal. A quick assessment revealed all his parts were intact and functional. Some bruises. 
He moved out into the atrium, or whatever they called it. There was no one about. Looking into the CMS’ quarters he saw Harvey going through his own self-assessment. He too appeared to be OK.  Without a word, he joined Heinz.
They peered into the Crew Quarters adjacent to the Mess Hall and saw movement. Two crewmen were hunched over a third. They saw them. “He’s dead. So is Jonesy.”
“What about Bob?” someone asked.
“I’ll check.”
“Are you OK?”
“Yes.”
“Well, keep looking. We need to account for everyone. We’re going up to the Bridge. CMS?”
They turned away and went deeper into the darkness of the space above, climbing the stairs which appeared to have come through whatever had just happened unscathed. On the upper quarter levels others were doing the same: searching their space, helping each other and mourning. They needed no instruction from anyone.
It was dark on the Bridge. The soft glow of the emergency and console lights revealed that this place too had suffered from the collapse of the ceiling and things hidden therein. Beams were at odd angles and some consoles had been smashed. Teller and Ley were not at their stations.
They moved to the Ready Room. The door was open. In the dim light Teller was hunched over Edwards’s cot.  Ley stood by, arms limp by his sides, but apparently uninjured.
Teller looked to Heinz, “He’s dying. Soon. He wants to talk to you.”
Heinz approached. As had happened in his own quarters, a massive metal beam had fallen across Edwards, crushing his chest. That Teller and Ley had removed it was obvious, but to no good effect. It was a miracle that he had not been killed instantly.
Edwards groaned; blood poured from his nose, mouth and ears, yet he summoned the strength to grasp Heinz’s arm and draw him in.
Then he found even more strength. “See to the ship…save the crew…do what’s right to get the boys home.” 
With a last breath, “Henry…Teller…knows…” But then he was gone.

CHAPTER 23 – SURVIVOR MARS

Priorities. It came down to priorities. Within half an hour the price was known – 11 dead, including Farman and Edwards.
Quinn and his crew found the reactor functional, reset a number of circuit breakers and restored the lights and life support system to operation.
In the light of day the damage to the ship was revealed. She had slammed down hard for an as yet still unknown reason, hard enough to exceed design specs causing things to fall and something that served no useful purpose other than to aesthetically cover the life support system and electrical equipment attached to the ceiling to fall too.
It was a world of chance. Some, the unlucky ones, were killed outright. All deaths were attributed to crushing. The others, the survivors, had suffered only cuts and bruises. Mercifully, no one had suffered, at least not long. Finding their mates and often friends dead in horrific conditions left no visible scars but saddened faces and set minds. And the ship itself had been rendered friend to foe.
Emergency teams, in shock and short-handed yet focussed by necessity and survival instincts inspected the ship to assess the damage. For the next eight hours with no breaks she was checked from top to bottom. There was little serious damage but a lot of messes. 
The dead were placed on the Hangar Deck, covered in blankets, pending a decision.
There were higher priorities. Many. One was dealing with the death of the CO.
Heinz sat in the Ready Room, looking at Edwards’s body.
He had been cleaned up, but the fact and implications of his death were not that easily dealt with. And almost half the crew were dead. By any common measure known to Heinz this mission was over.
Edwards had been to Heinz, an excellent CO, one of, if not the best he had served under. No. In this case, he had served with. His door had always been open and his command presence had always been there. But his openness to opinions, suggestions and ideas from subordinates, however far off the mark they had been, was a positive thing and a thing not all that common in the corps. He had used the dismissive wave of hand and word of mouth rarely and often only in jest.
He and Teller covered him in a sheet and carried him down to the Hangar Deck. The covered bodies grouped together evidenced no rank or privilege.

Revelations II

Dr Ley, it seemed to Heinz, had intentionally stayed out of the way of the personnel rushing about on the urgent tasks of restoring things, determining the condition of the ship and of themselves.
Around 1900 Heinz had a few minutes and pulled him and Teller into the Ready Room. They seemed uninjured physically, but were quiet and subdued.
“What happened?”
Teller explained in a faltering voice that spoke volumes, “Ley adjusted the bomb ejection timing on the fly. His skills saved the ship. If we had hit…”
Ley cut him off, “It is a fortunate outcome.  We could have impacted more violently. Or less, I believe. That was my goal…but…David’s assistance in providing rapid reports of velocity and altitude was critical…”
“OK. So we hit really hard. Hard enough to pull down a lot of stuff. How hard did we hit, Doc? And are we good?”
“We struck the ground at what I estimate was sixty knots and stopped almost instantly. The G-forces were probably tremendous, but I have not had the opportunity to calculate them. I believe that the telescopic legs took most of the force, as anticipated. It will be interesting to examine the ship and the surface and see the results. But the proper question is, do the life support systems and the reactor still work? They will be essential to keep us alive.”
“Quinn says yes to both.”
“Good. Then we will be able to accomplish our mission.”
“Yes. And our mission is to get our guys back to Earth,” Heinz said curtly.
Lips pressed, Ley did not respond. Teller began to say something but stopped. Heinz sensed they needed to speak privately. Both of them.
He moved ahead, “We need to advise MSC of this.”
Ley then advised that some of the comms gear had been smashed, but that when equipment, time, tide and planetary alignment permitted they should be able to communicate with the GC.
Heinz set Teller on that task. “Get comms back up with MSC.” 
“Doctor Ley? Check the condition of the CRVs. We are going to need them.”
Ley hesitated again, looked at Teller for a moment, then spoke, “I will do so immediately and advise you of my findings as soon as it is possible.” He turned and left the room.

***
Teller closed the door.
“Shit! Who could have seen this mess? Still, we are goddam lucky to be even alive. Ley said to me that I did it, but I think he knew how it could go and what to do if something went off the rails. But maybe one more bomb and we’d have kissed Mars.”
“Yes. Perhaps. Regardless, your quick action saved us.”
“Yes. I guess so. And his. Especially his.”
“OK. Look, it’s time to come clean, Dave. The CO gave me the kind of words I would expect of a dying man who cared more about his crew than some damn fool mission. But he said…”
Teller did not wait, “You don’t know the whole story, Henry! Daedalus didn’t RV with Deimos!”
“What are you talking about?”
“You should have been told this, but yes! Doc Ley says she did a loop and sailed on by. We’ve known for a couple of days. So we’re screwed. We’re stuck here!”
How could they have kept this from him, the Exec of the ship? The second in command? Perhaps it explained a lot of the odd feelings he had been experiencing of late? Not even the third choice?
“Are you sure? Do you know this for sure? I can’t believe the Colonel wouldn’t have told me.”
“Yes, I’m sure. Ley deduced it from the numbers we got from the radars. But there’s more. MSC could see from the tracking reports we sent them that it hadn’t slowed enough to go into orbit. But they said we were wrong! They said the Brits had told them that the ship was on automatic pilot and was responding to commands correctly! Well, turns out they were wrong. The Brits and MSC. The autopilot did the loop and took her back out of orbit. We saw it on the radars and it’s pretty clear now what happened. But I can’t account for the boss not telling you this.”
Heinz kept his thoughts re Edwards’s sin of omission to himself. “Now what do we do?”
Teller looked away. He, like Heinz, was finding this new reality difficult. But soon he said the words that needed to be said, “You tell me, sir. You’re the CO.”
“The thought occurred, but I can’t say I saw this coming. Or ever wanted it.”
“Still, you are the Exec and it falls to you.” 
Yes. Somewhere, back on Earth, in a filing cabinet in a DoD office were papers that defined the succession of command. And there was a sub-section concerning the conditions applicable when an ‘Exchange Officer’ was in question. The results were the same. The second in command assumed command, with the same obligations and demands of the service applying.
But Heinz had serious concerns, “I know what the book says. But there have been a number of times when you and Edwards, and I guess Ley, have kept things from me. Critical things. Do I need to go there?”
“No sir. I’m sure Lieutenant Colonel Edwards had his reasons, but it’s something he didn’t share with me.”
“No doubt he did. But if you know something more, something about a damned secret mission that serves the needs and meets the orders of the IEF or your government, then I am asking you to take command. This cannot go on, this…this secrecy that excludes me! I could field promote you and then just step aside. You get it?”
“Yes, sir, I get it. But I will tell you all I know and will continue to keep you informed. I will support you as my CO.”
“Good, ‘cause you’re now my Exec.”
“Yessir.”
“But I need to know these things. What exactly is the mission? Is it what I was told? To get here, get up to Daedalus and get everybody home? Was it ever?”
Teller relaxed. Heinz knew why.
 “It was…it was.” Teller’s face changed again, “When Lieutenant Colonel Edwards told MSC about Daedalus’ failure to stop they said don’t land, continue on and that they’d come up with a recovery plan. Ley had his doubts about how that would go and said so. But almost immediately he got new orders from someone above telling him what to do. He got them on CPAC. The orders said that he was to land and claim Mars. In case that was the Russian plan.”
“What?” An incredulous Heinz shook his head and looked down at his hands, which were now clenched fists. “After what we’ve been through I just can’t believe he wouldn’t tell me about this. I’m getting the sense here that we took off without a clear mission.” 
“Well, if Daedalus had gone into orbit like she was supposed to that would have made it a lot clearer. The Russian mission changed things a lot. We had to land at all costs. But Daedalus not going into orbit changed things even more. For one thing, even if we were going up to RV with Daedalus someone would still have had to stay here to make the claim real. And for a long time. And now that’s us!” 
Heinz thought about that a few moments. “Yes. I think that pretty much explains it. Still, Ley? Schiller? They seem to have a different plan.” Or not.
Teller followed the lead, “Yes. Ley spent a lot of time in here. Without me. Sometimes I think he knew all the options and just kept it to himself.” 
“Yeah. I’ve picked up some strange vibes from him. A while ago, in fact. From the stuff he’s said and the way he’s been reacting I’ve sort of gotten the feeling it was always a one way trip. At least for him. And Schiller too. Same vibes. But why nothing on this from Edwards? Why the hell not?”
Teller shrugged his shoulders and skipped that, “Yah. I think he’s been considering staying here from the start. Schiller, too. They seem to have their own missions. And Lieutenant Colonel Edwards told me early in the mission he was OK with them staying on Orion if they wanted to. Or so he said. I don’t think he was kidding.” 
Now that was another revelation to Heinz. He wanted to curse, loud and long at this failure to share important facts.
He needed to process these things but the condition of the ship and the crew trumped all other considerations, even this, this thing that on another day was the most important of all – the mission.
“Let’s focus for now on sorting things out. Getting things cleaned up and back to a stable state that can keep us alive. Get the comms back up with MSC. I need a revised roster with everyone assigned jobs according to skill and knowledge. We’re going to have two and some maybe three hats. And I’ll let you know what Ley says about the CRVs. Although they aren’t quite as bloody important as they were five minutes ago! I’m beginning to see why he hesitated.”
“Yes sir.”
“And we need a plan on what to do with the bodies and how to get them off the ship and buried. If it’s safe to go outside, that is.”
“I’ll look into that too.”
“Carry on, then.”
Teller turned and left. With a limp. On Mars, not a good sign.
Heinz shouted after him, “And get that leg looked at!” 

***
He took the roster Edwards had given him just after launch and placed it on the desk before him. Swinemar, Desharnais and Mackenzie had survived. Their skill sets would be put to good use on something else. Quinn and his engineering staff too had survived. He drew a line through the names of the dead. Cookie was one of the dead. Also his kitchen boss. And so on down the roster. It seemed that those who were in cots closest to the outside wall had taken the brunt of it. Bad luck of the draw.

***
As long as things stayed in critical mode Heinz was spared the burden of thinking about the implications of being stranded on Mars. Yes, immediate survival pre-empted all other considerations.
Over the next forty-eight hours things went pretty much as required by time and circumstance – stay alive and ensure that essential condition continued.
Teller had checked the interior of the ship with a Geiger counter and the outside from the airlock door and reported that surface radiation levels were surprisingly low; low enough to allow for removal of the bodies from Orion and for burial.
To spare themselves the unknown and possibly horrific effects of moving human bodies into the vacuum of space - Mars had effectively no atmosphere, Ley had told him - Heinz accepted Teller’s suggestion that a service be conducted on the Hangar Deck and then he and a few others would move all of them to the surface and bury them.
Tomorrow at 1300.

***
Day 170

Heinz was finally able to turn his thoughts to their future. It was not hopeful. Options were limited.  There was nowhere to go in the CRVs. Among other problems, they did not have the capability to leave Mars orbit. In Orion they had limited resources of oxygen, water and food. Energy they had plenty of. Still, the clock was ticking. Like it or not, staying was the only option. 
Ley had evidently already moved on, expressing confidence in a brief meeting with him and Teller that he and Schiller would be able to use the Martian soil to produce food, such as was in the food locker – carrots, beets, beans, potatoes, kale and the like.
“And who knows what we may find out there. Perhaps the Martian ecosystem thrives in ways we cannot imagine.”
Hope was one thing, optimism another and as always reality crept in and had the last words - we’ll see.

***
The service was conducted and despite the fact that it took the efforts of most of them for it to be done, was respectful and fitting. 
He kept it brief, used the standard words and ended with an invitation for anyone to speak to add to it. No one did. They all retired to the Mess Hall after and tried to move on.  Tradition helps, but perhaps it’s too soon?

***
Teller told him later that evening that they had lowered the two rovers and their trailers - their very existence news to Heinz - to the surface to help in the task of burying the bodies and had left them there. As the site had been blown largely clear of loose soil and dust, they’d otherwise have had to drag in buckets of dirt by hand to cover the bodies. 
The lowering of the CRV’s was now, as Teller surmised, maybe just a make work, keep’em busy thing.
Something Teller said did trigger a degree of alarm in Heinz. From a couple of hundred yards or so away from Orion he told Heinz, it was quite noticeable that the ship was leaning to the side, about 10 to 15 degrees.
How could they not have noticed this?
“Could she topple over?”
“The telescopic dampers are bent, some more than others. I looked the surface over and it’s pretty solid. The pusher plate is barely half a yard in the ground. So unless we’re sitting on permafrost or soggy ground like a swamp I don’t think it’s going anywhere. Ley may be able to give you a better idea.” 
Another comment Teller made was that once you got past the blast zone it was quite dusty and looked like just dirt. And the dust clung tenaciously to the spacesuits. They had exited the airlock and while still in their suits had hosed themselves down with water on the Hangar Deck prior to removing their helmets. Still, upon un-suiting the Martian dust had given all of them a bit of a cough – something to watch out for, no doubt. Bacteria? Discuss this with Doc Ley? And where did that water go?
Quinn’s gang intended to make grave markers but were for the time being preoccupied with getting broken things fixed, the smashed equipment off the Hangar Deck and the wreckage removed from the Mess Hall, Crew’s Quarters and Bridge Deck. 
For safety sake and conservation of resources such as suit O2 much of it had just been tossed from the Hangar Deck door. Teller reported that the yard about Orion was a mess. So what?
Why bother cleaning up? For the sake of morale – was the only possible answer, they agreed. It gave hope. Hope that they had a future. But later. Priorities!
Teller accepted his thanks for carrying out the physically demanding and no doubt emotionally difficult task of seeing to the dead.
“Are we going to have a flag raising ceremony?” he asked.
“In a couple of days. When things settle down. The Commander had a plan?”
“Yes sir. Everyone in suits on the ground, in parade order. Raise the flag and make the speech. Claim the land.”
“We’ll see.” Open the Post Office. Start selling stamps.
“Yes, sir. We’ll see.”
“Actually no. In order to conserve resources, I’ll leave it to you and the CMS to see to it.”
“Yes sir.”
“But do it. And soon.”

***
Late that night they sat in the Ready Room with Doctors Ley and Schiller and the CMS. Heinz’s intent for this meeting was to plan a future. Survival meant years of living here; hopefully in some degree of relative comfort. He wanted to have a frank discussion with Ley and Schiller, but that would have to wait. But not long.
It was pretty glum. For a non-sinister reason everyone but him knew that no follow-on missions were being planned by the IEF. That very fact, they expressed, was certain. There simply was no such capability. It would have been inconsequential if things had gone as planned. 
Teller joked, as was his habit, that perhaps the Russkies would drop by and rent them space. Heinz reflected that maybe he needed to be reminded about the inappropriate use of humour but kept quiet. Or had it been sarcasm?
He had asked that an inventory of supplies including reserves of O2, water and other necessities of life be prepared. In a somewhat unexpected move Teller presented him immediately with an extensive list of things – food stores, medical supplies, military clothing, space suits, O2 stocks, etc, which had obviously been prepared on Earth. Emergency supplies? The items, being essentials, were not in themselves surprising but the quantities listed were quite large and the fact that he did not know about them added to his suspicion that he had not been informed and was still not being informed of the true nature of Orion’s mission. And where was this stuff on Orion?  Ah. The behind those walls!
It must have showed on his face.
Ley picked up on that, “You don’t know about this? The ship is full of stores. Food, water. Everything essential.”
“No, I don’t.”
He moved on.
He suggested to nodding heads that the Bridge-style command organization would continue for the time being but proposed that over time it could perhaps be relaxed, or even dispensed with in its entirety. For what purpose did discipline exist in the military except to ensure the accomplishment of some mission and that mission was clearly in doubt. Or, Heinz considered, in some Earthly board room would have been declared ‘mission accomplished’?
Teller advised that the CPAC equipment was toast but comms over insecure radio had been re-established with MSC using the Rec Hall radio sets. He informed them that he had advised MSC of Orion's situation, saying only that casualties had been incurred in a rough landing without names or numbers being given. He had, he said, informed them ‘That it had not gone as planned’ – and that there was ‘More to follow’.
Heinz was somewhat put off by not having been informed and consulted about that beforehand but said nothing about it. Afterall, it’s just one problem among many.
Ley explained that communications with MSC depended upon Mars facing Earth, so good communications were possible only during specific and variable times. They had for now, it appeared, sorted that out, meaning there was a schedule, of sorts.
“Good work.”
Ley and Schiller expressed the hope that the ship’s personnel would assist them in their personal missions to assess Mars for ‘colonisation’.
There was that that word again, thought Heinz. 
They fell into the trap of debating the meaning of the word ‘colonisation’.  
Teller used the historical cliché – that colonization was a method of absorbing and assimilating foreign people into the culture of the invading country. He conceded that that was something that was probably not going to happen here. 
For Ley and Schiller, it was arriving on Mars, staying on Mars and critically, deriving sustenance from the very soil of the new land. 
The CMS declined to participate.
Heinz nodded and pointed out that of course, should MSC continue to exercise command over the ship, anything could and might happen and they would provide the necessary definitions. It would change nothing. 
“But gentlemen, I think this philosophical discussion can wait until our ship is out of danger. What do you think is causing the coughing some of the guys are doing after being outside?” CSM Harvey asked.
Doc Schiller led the way, “Without time and a laboratory I cannot answer this with certainty, but it seems to come on too quickly to be a virus or bacteria. I suspect the dust is an irritant. Willy?”
“Yes. That gases are produced when it is wetted is an indicator of a chemical process taking place. I am uncertain what the gas is. Time and equipment are required to conduct tests. If that takes place in a person’s lungs….”
“But can anything live on the surface of Mars?” the CSM continued, “It’s cold, dry and the air is so thin papers dropped off the Hangar Deck don’t do much more than fall straight down. I mean they don’t flutter around.”
“You did that?” Heinz asked.
“I saw being it done and corrected them, sir.”
Schiller intervened, “If life arose on the surface of Mars as we see it before us now, it should still live there.” 
Ley nodded assent. 
“But if it arose when Mars was young and warmer and wetter, then it is either gone or perhaps, now lives below the surface. Many lifeforms live in dark caves. In fact, we know very little about life below the surface of our own planet, especially the oceans.  Further missions with specialised equipment will be required to answer the questions of life on Mars. And we cannot discount the possibility that the bacteria and viruses we humans carry with us may spread across the planet. And could affect any Martian lifeforms. Perhaps a protocol should put in place to protect us and any Martian lifeforms from each other?” 
That last part did not seem to Heinz to get taken too seriously. “Dr Schiller you can put something together ? Later perhaps?”
“Yes. And if I may suggest Commander? Doctor Ley, I and perhaps you should make an effort to explore the area around Orion.”
“Go on.”
“We could take the two rovers and go out well beyond the landing area, to take samples and photographs of the surface.  We are the first to visit Mars. It seems a waste of effort and lives, not to do so.”
“Agreed. When and how. Also who else would go with us?”
“I’ll go,” Teller jumped in.
“OK. Set it up Teller. Let me know when this is to take place.”
They left to their thoughts and duties.

***
Heinz sat alone in the Ready Room considering the situation, and the options. Not many popped up. Survival until rescue at some unspecified date in a hazy future. Or inevitably, death. By starvation. By the dust. By radiation. By accident. All just part of the price.
A lightning bolt passed in front of him. The Russkies were still days behind. If they were going to go into orbit, there was a possibility they could help them, even to the extent of carrying out a rescue. If they were going to land, where and when and why would be an issue and an important one too.
But pessimism set in. Why would they help the enemy? It was much more satisfying to gloat over their failures, over their deaths, than to allow oneself to feel sympathy for them or to give them aid.
He called Teller back in and discussed contacting the Russian ship. 
He was not enthusiastic about Heinz’s suggestion and said so. “Sounds like surrender to me, sir.  I don’t think MSC is going to smile on that. The mission is to…”
Heinz interrupted, “Of course it will be difficult, but what other options do we have? In the meantime look into it. But keep it under wraps for now. At this point we just need someone to talk to them.”
“But who here speaks Russian? Or even wants to?”?” Teller asked and agreed to find out.
Later in the day he reported no one except for Ley and Schiller did and had said that while they were not what they called ‘fully bilingual’, they could ‘get by’.
Not enough but…what options did he have?

Science Editorial from the San Francisco Re-Examiner
(01 Dec 1970)
We Win!

Well, it’s over and we’ve won! But not without a price.
Yesterday the Secretary of Defence announced that the United States Air Force Interplanetary Expeditionary Force spacecraft Orion had landed on Mars, the first manned craft to do so, ending the Race to Mars in our favour. A flag raising ceremony has taken place, claiming the planet for the United States. The Secretary of Defence also advised that the landing, which took place on the 24th of November in an area of Mars referred to as Luna Plantern, was not without incident with a number (undisclosed) of crewmen apparently injured in the rough landing which did not go entirely as planned.
In the press around the world the US claim to Mars has been denounced as invalid. The USSR, Britain and Japan are insisting that there is no basis for US ownership of Mars as there is no internationally agreed upon set of laws in place to deal with claims of ownership of anything in space.
Well, that means we win. And if someone wanted to beat us to Mars they should have gotten out of their chairs, put down their mugs of vodka or beer or sake and got to it!
Well done, Orion! Well done.

Science Editorial from the London Tower Times
(1st Dec 1970)

WE’VE WON!

Daedalus, the spaceship launched from the Falkland Island Space Centre back in July of ‘70’ arrived at Mars, carried out its essential Mars mission and carried on to the Asteroid Belt.  The US claims that their manned ship the Orion landing on Mars makes them the winner of the much touted Race to Mars, but they were clearly beaten by Daedalus which arrived at Mars a full seven days in advance. You can pick nits if you like America (and when have they ever not chosen to do so?) but first come, first served. Huzzah for Daedalus.

That said, reports recently received from researchers at the British Antarctic Survey Halley Research Station on the Brunt Ice Shelf have reported increased melting of the local icefield. The Director, the esteemed Sir Vivian Fuchs, is at a loss to explain this, but…

CHAPTER 24 - RECOVERY

Latitude 19.XXN
Longitude 06X.XW
Common Name—NE Lunae Palus
Lunae Palus Quadrangle MC-10

Day 176

Things were, he was reluctant to use the word – stabilizing, if knowing your fate and putting into place steps to ensure your life continued counted towards that definition. 
MSC had, in several brief communications been updated regarding the deaths of the crew and in particular, Lt Col Edwards and also, by Heinz himself, of his assumption of command. They had expressed sadness at the loss of Lt Col Edwards and the other crew members and offered congratulations at their being the first to land on Mars. That they did not question the reason for the delay in reporting these things was odd.
When Heinz asked, they ‘advised’ that there was no rescue mission planned and ‘suggested’ that there might be another Mars mission staged sometime in the next few years and put forward that they ‘hold on’. 
Nothing was offered by MSC about any aspect of the Russians coming to Mars and nothing was asked, but the lack of secure comms probably accounted for that, at least on the MSC side of the conversation. Heinz had the feeling that all considered it would have been pointless to ask. 
Confirmation from MSC that no rescue was coming in any foreseeable future told Heinz it was time for a ‘town hall’ to talk about their situation and their future. It seemed to him to be in many ways still too soon and yet absolutely essential. Regardless.
They gathered in the Mess Hall. 
The CMS had organised the chairs in neat rows. Afterall, they were not going to float away through inattention. To Heinz’s surprise he called the room to order as he entered. Those sitting straightened up, those standing came to attention. Thought we were past that. Good sign.
He used the usual intro phrases – we are lucky, thanks to our comrades, thanks for your diligent work, etc.
He had not looked forward to this meeting, primarily because he had little to say they did not already know. Also, he had a suspicion that they knew a lot more about some things than he did. Still, in his mind it had to be done. 
He went straight to the point.
“MSC has said there is no ship coming to recover us, at least not anything planned in the near future and by that I mean at least a couple of years. Probably more and maybe never. So we are on our own. We were always going to land but with the failure of Daedalus to go into orbit that should have been aborted. We could have gone into orbit, conducted a survey of the planet and maybe then started on our way home. Well, that is over. Orion is going nowhere. The hull is intact and should remain so. The reactor plant is stable and will remain so for some years, Engineer Quinn tells me. Doctor Ley and Doctor Schiller believe we can produce sufficient food and oxygen to survive, perhaps indefinitely. We have a planet around us that we can, if we are willing, explore. Some of you may find this acceptable.” He paused for a moment, but not for dramatic effect, “I do not. This is not what I signed up for.”
He looked around quickly. The looks on their faces and their absolute silence told him that these words, this personal revelation, this strange discourse coming from their Commander was startling to them. He was not surprised at this; he was way off the expected path. And it occurred to him that they may not all accept him being their ‘commander’. He thought for an instant about ending it with a question period, a safe and predictable way to end this sort of thing.
Instead, again acting on impulse, he gambled, “You are aware there is a Russian ship just behind us?”
Some heads said yes. Some shoulders said yes. Other heads and shoulders did not say anything, but it was unlikely from what he had learned over the past few weeks that there was anyone who didn’t know this.
“The Russian ship is about a week away. We are uncertain of their mission. They may be landing or they may be just going to orbit Mars. Perhaps if we contact them and if they are willing and able to help us, we can join up with them. Perhaps we can return home.” Join up? Poor choice of words.
The quiet room was suddenly even more quiet. The faces and shoulders he saw did not indicate agreement; therefore he could only conclude that they did not.
“I am going to contact them and make them aware of our situation and ask for their help.”
Except for some shuffling of feet the room remained silent, but it was clear from the lack of cheering that this very idea was something strange to them and possibly, not acceptable. Possibly?
“Are there any questions?”
“Sir, what if they attack us?” Desharnais it was who asked and he for sure was not a plant.
“Why would they do that?”
“Because they are Russians. They hate us. We hate them.”
“We should attack them!” someone said. 
“But Russians never surrender!” Nods and shrugs of agreement and of discord took place.
“We have weapons!” Another reveal. They knew.
 It went on. He let it go until it burned out. They stopped.
Heinz looked them over. 
“We are not going to do that.” He paused again, but this time from uncertainty. “Look. I understand your feelings about this, given the history we have with them. We have been enemies before, but I am hoping there is something they can do for us. They may feel like some of us do, or they may not.  It is worth a try. And we will try. Are there any more questions?”
There were none. Impulse! Damn!
This had to end, but not in sullen silence.
“Well. I ask you to consider our options. I am open to your suggestions. Let me know if you come up with something that gets us out of here and on the way back home. And if the Russkies can somehow get us home and you want to stay here rather than go with them, that is your call. I’ll leave that for you to decide. I will not order you to return to Earth on a Russian ship. But I cannot believe they won’t help us.  Dismissed. And if any of you speak Russian, own up. I need help here.” 
Heads turned towards each other, silently. Feet shuffled.
From the back Swinemar said sarcastically and loud enough for all to hear, “If only we’d brought a 291er.” That brought all sorts of puzzled looks his way, but no help.
The room emptied quickly, the sound of mumbled discussions continued on the stairway, in both directions.
The CMS looked at him with what was possibly ambivalence on his face. Teller’s face was the same.
No one came forward.

***
But Heinz was not done, at least not yet. Something he had seen in Mackenzie’s file nagged at him. He found them in the Personnel Records cabinet on the Bridge Deck and took them to the Ready Room, to his Ready Room.
Yes, postings to Masset, Bermuda, Alert and the like. Many possible explanations; one hopeful. He went down to Mackenzie’s quarters and finding him there, asked him to come up to the Bridge Deck.
“Have a seat and relax. Tough few weeks, eh? You getting through this?”
“Yes sir.” The ice did not crack.
“Are you a 291er?
“Yessir. I was. But it’s been a few years. And I can’t talk about it. I still can’t talk or even acknowledge the work I did.”
“I know. But these are strange days. You may have skills we need to survive this. So your secret is safe with me.”
“Yes sir.” Icy. Still icy.
“Regardless of how or why you learned it, do you speak Russian?”
“Yessir.”
“Then you will be my comm op. I want to contact the Russian ship and run my idea by them.”
“Yes sir. But I may need you to speak for me, sir. When we get back?”
“Of course. I’m looking forward to having to tell the tale.”

***
Day 177

Heinz noticed that some of the crew were becoming lethargic in carrying out their duties and in responding to requests for help, but there were possibly other reasons for this. Yes, there could be many explanations for this, but he feared the worst. Or he could have been imagining it.
It took a while to sort out exactly how to do this call the Russians thing. He sought Ley’s assistance in establishing comms with the Russians. But the conversation started well off-track.
“I must inform you sir that in your discussion with the crew of options for a return to Earth you mentioned a number of things that are not practical. And by that I mean, not possible.”
“Which?”
“If we had gone into orbit we would not have been able to survive long enough to await a return mission from Earth, particularly since none is planned. We need Mars’ resources to keep us alive for any lengthy period. Meaning years.”
“Yes. I understand that now.”
“Further, if we had passed Mars without orbiting we would have indeed returned to Earth eventually, but I cannot begin to approximate how long that would take – for us to meet up again? It is complicated. Even then, if we did eventually meet up with Earth we very possibly would not have the capability to enter a safe orbit. It is quite difficult to assess the possibilities but I believe it may not have gone well.”
“Yes. Complicated.”
“Landing on Mars was the only option.”
“Landing on Mars became the only option. It would have been helpful for me to know these things beforehand. And the real mission.”
“Yes. Undoubtedly. But I could not speak.”
“I understand. Thank you for this.” Heinz moved on to his primary reason for this meeting, “Now, Doctor. Have we monitored any comms from them with Earth?”
“The Russians? No. Not to my knowledge.”
“What freqs would they be using?”
“UHF, I would assume. Military UHF.”
“Do we have a scanner for that band?”
“Yes we do, but it is not part of the regular communication system.”
“Well make it so. If you can? Do you need help?”
“Yes.”
“I’ll get Mackenzie up here to give you a hand.”
“Send up Swinemar, please.”
“Why.”
“He is easier to work with. In fact you have to tie him down if you want to do anything yourself.”
“OK. I’ll see. But Mackenzie speaks Russian.”
“Ah. I see. Still...sir...I...” and so on.

***
Later in the day Ley spoke with him again and said that they had something.
On the Rec Hall radios Heinz listened in and even though he spoke no Russian could tell it was Russian and from the pacing and style of the speaker, that it was military. Slow and steady wins the race and makes the message clearer.
Mackenzie came in and confirmed this. “He’s just passing numbers. The numbers make no sense to me. They’re just letters and numbers. The signal’s pretty good though.” 
Ley commented, “I believe they are navigation references. They are probably getting help from their ground control center scientists to determine the correct values for orientation of the ship, engine firing times and thrust levels.”
Heinz looked around the room. There were others here who perhaps should have been asked to leave. Had this been up on the Bridge it would not have been an issue. He gambled.
He did not have a prepared speech, but this was simple. He soon did. It identified him, the ship and briefly explained their situation. 
“Why not just call a Mayday in English? It would help establish our problem. And it would get their attention. Maybe? Sir?” Mackenzie asked.
“Good idea. Good place to start. Give it a try Alan.” 
“I have to wait until they are done sending their stuff sir. Radio procedures? They’re using them. I guess we should too?”
“Of course. But Mayday is a priority call for help.”
“Yessir.” 
It went on for another hour. Finally, probably from mere fatigue, the radio operator stopped.
Mackenzie saw an opening, “Mayday, Mayday, Mayday. This is the United States Air Force spaceship Orion. Mayday, Mayday, Mayday. Any station, any station, any station. We need assistance.”
Mackenzie had spoken in English, which initially perturbed Heinz, at least until he got it – procedures ruled.
The Russian radio operator came back as soon as the comms delay permitted, in English, “Ship calling Mayday. This is Russian space vessel Bolshoi Korabl. Do you speak Russian? Over.”
Mackenzie replied in Russian, haltingly and carefully phrasing his words and as directed by Heinz gave the identification of the vessel, a very brief description of the situation and a request for assistance. There was a long silence; much longer than just from the communications delay. They could imagine why. Afterall, this was beyond the pay grade of any radio operator. 
No doubt someone was looking for a higher-up. It took a few minutes.
Eventually the operator came back on, in Russian. Mackenzie relayed the message, “His commander is coming. He wishes to speak directly to you, sir. In English.”
In a few moments it happened.
“Commander of American spacecraft Orion. This Lieutenant Colonel Oleksandr Smirnov, Commander of Bolshoi Korabl. I understand you are in difficulty and are requesting our assistance. Over.”
Mackenzie said as he handed him the mike, “Speak slowly sir.”
“Commander Smirnov, this is Lieutenant Commander Heinz, Commander of the Orion. Yes, we require your assistance. We have landed on Mars. Our return vessel has not gone into orbit. We are stranded here unless you help us. Are you able to assist us in any way? Over.”
It took some time for an answer to come. Heinz was not surprised at this; this was something totally unforeseen and possibly unthinkable, at any rank level.
Finally Smirnov came back, “I will consider this, Orion. Over.”
Ley gestured frantically to Heinz, “Orion is rotating out of radio communication range in a few hours. Make sure they understand we may lose communications.”
Heinz passed that on to Smirnov, who answered immediately, “Keep this channel open. I will communicate with our ground station to discuss. It may take some few hours. Can you tell me your position on Mars? We will be able to better control and regulate our communications. Over.”
Someone on deck mumbled loud enough to be heard clearly, “And blow us off the fucking planet!”
Heinz looked quickly around the room but could not find the source of the outburst. Security? Teller? Imagination? 
He looked to Ley who said, “I can only give an approximate location. We need to determine this more accurately ourselves.” He handed a set of lats and longs handwritten on paper to Heinz.
“Bolshoi Korabl, Bolshoi Korabl, this is Orion. We have crash landed on Mars and are uncertain of our precise location. Here are our best estimates on our location.” He read the numbers. “We await your reply and will standby on this channel. Over.” 
He waited.
Smirnov came back with something unexpected, “We will be in contact as soon as possible. Smirnov out.”

***
In the interim Heinz tried to determine who had shouted out their concern. Not surprisingly no one owned up.

***
It was a full three hours before Smirnov contacted Orion again. Ley, Teller and Heinz had stood by the comms console, waiting. The others had gone over to eat. 
The delay in responding had been long and as Ley had commented, too long to attribute to merely a communications issue. But long enough to Heinz to suggest that a discussion with higher-ups had taken place. He went with that possibility.
“I have determined that we will assist you to every possibility, Lieutenant Commander Heinz.”
“Thank you sir. I am very grateful for this.”
“Yes. Can you get into orbit at the level of Deimos?”
Ley nodded.
“Yes we can. We have two shuttles that can get us up there.”
“Good. Our mission is to achieve orbit at Deimos’ altitude to conduct radar mapping of the surface of Mars. This will not inconvenience us.”
“When will you arrive?”
“We have commenced braking and will arrive in orbit in two days’ time. Once we are established in mission orbit we can make plans for rendezvous.”
“Excellent.”
“For now, I suggest we speak each day if possible to make sure things happen as they must.”
A thought occurred, “Understood. Will I be speaking to you or your radio operator, sir?”
Smirnov was a few moments in replying, “You have Russian speaker so I will use my radio man for much of this and when necessary I will speak to you myself.”
“Copy that. Orion out.”
“Smirnov out.”

***
Heinz allowed himself a moment to relax. Ley too seemed relieved. Or objective?
“So? That went as well as I could hope for. Cap? Willy?” 
Teller remained dead-pan.
Ley did not, “Yes. I am surprised at this result. And I am wondering how his request was dealt with at his GC. I have a difficult time believing they would agree to this and I cannot believe that he would act on his own.”
Teller, his head shaking a solid no spoke, “I agree. Too easy, for my liking. Sir.”
“Yes. You never know. And neither do I. Captain Teller, advise the CMS and have him spread the word about what has just happened.”
“Aye sir.”
It had been a long day. Heinz retired to his bed. We’ll see.

CHAPTER 25 - MUTINY

Latitude 19.XXN
Longitude 06X.XW
Common Name—NE Lunae Palus
Lunae Palus Quadrangle MC-10

Day 178

Heinz was awakened from a deep slumber and a strange dream of him wading through a dark, dank, icy-cold brine-filled cavern being chased by formless shapes to the sound of pounding and smashing coming through the door of the Ready Room.  What the hell?
He stumbled out into the dimly lit room to the sight of someone wielding a fire axe, smashing the radar and communications console and CPAC. It was well underway. Sparks and metal flew. Another swing and smash resulted in the radar CRT imploding, the result of which threw glass fragments violently into the perp's face causing him to freeze.
Heinz grabbed the fire axe from his hand and tossed it away. TSgt Eastwood, blinded by the flying CRT glass fell to the deck, hands to his neck, moaning in agony. Blood poured down his front from an open neck wound. He moaned again, rolled over and beyond help, fell silent.
Heinz, now fully awake saw this for what it was – a mutinous act – but was it by one man? Or many? Same course of action.
He went back into the Ready Room, pulled on his pants and shirt, found the key to the Bridge weapons locker and went out, cautiously. There was no one else about. He opened the locker and took a 9mm pistol and several magazines. There were no holsters. He loaded the gun and pulled the action back. Ready. Aye Ready.
Was he the only one who knew? He thought of making a PA announcement but abandoned the idea in an instant; that could make things worse. A lot worse.
Instead he drew two more pistols and mags and started down the stairway to find the CMS and Teller. No one was about.
The CMS was awake, but had not heard anything. Heinz handed him his pistol and explained the whole thing in two words – ‘mutiny, now’.
“What should we do?” the CMS asked his CO.
“Get Teller first. He may know something.” The CMS looked at him oddly, but said nothing.
Together they went to Teller’s quarters, quietly, creeping down the stairs, quite cognizant of how exposed they were.
He was there, alone of course and had to be shaken from a deep sleep. The look on their faces said it all, but not loud enough for a still groggy Teller to get it. The pistols in their hands soon removed any ambiguity about the seriousness of the situation.
“Mutiny.”
Heinz told them both about what had happened on the Bridge Deck.
“Eastwood was smashing the radar and radio equipment with an axe. I stopped him. He’s dead. He was alone.”
“Maybe up there, but I doubt it. Did he have a rifle?” asked the CMS.
“No. At least I didn’t see one.”
“Now what?” Teller asked, suddenly fully alert.
The CMS jumped in, “We need to get that weapons locker downstairs secured. If they get hold of them we’re screwed.” He waved his pistol in Heinz’s face. “No match!”
“OK. Let’s do it. I think its best we stick together.” They checked their weapons were off safety and went out onto the stairway, each looking up and down furtively. It was dark. Too damned dark to help them. The steepness and curvature of the stairway did not help.
“All clear,” someone whispered.
They went down to the Hangar Deck with Teller leading the way and the CMS at the tail. Like the higher decks it was dark; only the emergency exit lamps were lit.
They met no one, but the arms locker had been opened and with force. Heinz kept watch as Teller and the CMS looked it over.
The lock, hasp twisted off, was on the deck. Next to it a sturdy pry bar.
“A coupla rifles are missing. One ammo box is gone. Another’s got some clips missing.”
“How many rifles are missing?”
“Two. Only two.”
“OK. Where the hell are they?”
“Back to the Bridge?” Heinz said. “Or the reactor, or stay here to guard the CRVs?” 
It could get complicated real quick, this trying to guess their foe’s next action. No. The Bridge had been the target. And him?
“The Bridge! Good idea boss,” Teller said and led the way up as he often had. As they came up past Main Deck, shots rang out from above and echoed around them.
Teller gasped and fell back; sliding to the side, under the rail and in slow Martian time fell to the deck, unmoving.
The CMS saw something and leaning to the middle of the stairway fired up blindly. Heinz did the same firing his pistol multiple times, not at anything he saw, but just up. Their fire was returned; multiple rounds again for sure but the stairway took them, sending them ricocheting about the room. After a few moments of silence induced by deafness caused by the contained sound, Heinz peeked up the column and seeing the hatch was closing, fired again, several times. Regardless, the hatch closed.
He looked about, seeing startled faces all about him. He still could not hear well.
“Stay in your rooms,” he yelled, but was unaware.

***
In total the AR16 fired eight rounds down the stairway. The 5.56×45mm M193 rounds had no mind of their own; everyday physics dictated their path. For all this started in a straight line for a dozen feet until they struck an unforgiving metal surface that caused them to splinter and turn at various angles. Several continued downward, striking another metal surface obliquely until at last they came to rest in human flesh. The others continued on their own paths until energy spent, they fell to the lower deck.
***
The closing of the hatch put an end to the gunfight, for now. Heinz and the CMS hurried back down to see to Teller.
It was too late. He had been hit multiple times and had probably been dead before he reached the deck. Heinz knelt beside him. More to follow.
“Now what?” The CMS’s urgent question refocused him.
“Well. Can you shoot through the hatch?”
“Not with anything on this ship,” the CMS replied. “Wait, the AR could, but…probably not.”
“Then we’ve got to talk to them. Reason with them.”
“Yes. And while you distract them, I’ll see if we can gas them or something with the life support system. Knock them out? I’ll speak to Quinn.”
“OK. I’ll see if I can reach them.”
The CMS left him and crept cautiously up the stairway to look for Quinn to help him with moving Teller to the Hangar Deck.

Heinz looked at Teller. His face was relaxed, peaceful; with no sign remaining of the madness just visited. Heinz punched him gently on the arm, “Good job Exec.” 
He went up to the Rec Area looking for help and a phone. Oh God!

***
There was a phone, but no one answered on the Bridge. Not unexpected. They were already in control of things. PA? Not yet.
Winning a mutiny is defined by the same things as winning anything: you accomplish your goal. The goal of this mutiny had not been to kill the CO, nor certainly to leave this disastrous mission and return home to their homeland and loved ones. No, this could only be about the perceived surrender of Orion to the enemy – to the Russians - and an attempt to put an end to any possibility of that happening. Perhaps it had been a mistake to inform the crew of his plans?
Heinz climbed up the stairway slowly. Faces stared at him as he did so. He told them briefly of the situation and told them to stay put.
Trusting in the CMS’s word that the hatch would take rounds, he looked up as he approached it, but took no particular care to protect himself. He pounded on the Plexiglas window with his fist in a mix of anger and frustration. It was spidered and several rounds had cleanly penetrated it. So much for theory! 
No one came to deal with him. He considered just opening it and going in firing. Bad idea
Plus, the motor and switch had been damaged by gunfire. Their own gunfire.
He looked up into the darkness of the Bridge, seeing nothing.
He looked down and was startled to see rifles pointed upwards. Shit. It’s over!
But behind the rifles were familiar faces – of crewmen, of Swinemar and Mackenzie.
“Need some cover fire, sir?”
“Maybe. No. Stand down for now. I’m coming down.”

***
He went down to the Mess Hall. Everyone was there. Time for another meeting?
He resisted the urge. 
“How many and who are they?” 
The CMS filled in the blanks. Two names, one of which he knew from their recent encounter; the other, TSgt Archer, was the other security person. Trained in fire arms, for sure.  But no one else apparently was involved.
He told them briefly what had happened so far whilst scanning their faces to find if any were lying low, noting that those with rifles were doing the same thing. But people were tricky; actors all. But surely he would be dead by now if that was their intent.
Quinn and the CMS arrived with two more rifles and handed them to two of the TSgts. After telling the group to lay low, Heinz, Quinn and the CMS went to the CMS’s quarters. The CMS posted two of the riflemen on the stairway just under the Bridge Deck hatch.
In the CMS’s quarters Heinz updated them.
“Just two. Eastwood is dead. He got hit in the face with some debris when he was smashing things up.” He had to explain.
Now they knew who they were dealing with and hopefully, who they could count on.
Quinn advised that due to construction of the ship’s ventilation system it was not possible to isolate the Bridge, meaning that anything put into that area would soon infiltrate the entire ship. Besides, all they had was CO2, O2, Helium and Acetylene. And while there was another hatch allowing access from each deck, it required some work and time to relocate equipment on each deck to allow them to be swung open. And regardless, there was no access stairway to those hatches. They were meant to be used in weightless conditions.
They discussed the options, of which there were few.
Smashing the glass was possible but the hole it would create was too small for anyone to go through. Popping the hatch and going in firing was basically their only choice. Given that the hatch was secured from above there could be no element of surprise would. It would need to be disassembled to allow access, an unavoidable action that would take some awkward minutes of pounding and/or drilling. 
Quinn surprised him, “We have to go through the hatch, but he doesn’t know when we’re going to do it. He’ll have to sleep sometime. So if we prep it now and wait long enough and pop it real quick when we’re ready and come up shooting we should be able to do it.”
They went over all the options again and came to the conclusion that Quinn was right.
“So, it’s pretty cramped up there at the top of the stairs. There’s barely enough room for one person to go up, never mind a work crew. We must post a guard or two to protect you while working to undo the hatch. How long before you can get it ready to open?
Quinn answered without hesitation, “About twenty minutes.”
“OK. And then we wait. Let’s do this.”

***
Heinz wanted to assist Quinn but as this was imprudent and unnecessary, he was forced to look at the feet of the Swinemar and Desharnais positioned just below Quinn and his helper with rifles and all eyes pointed up.
The hatch was secured from inside the Bridge Deck with a twist handle, but the whole thing, the hatch and two parts sandwiching the deck plate, were through-bolted. Once the nuts were removed the lower portion could be removed, leaving the top portion and the hatch intact, but movable. Except, Quinn said, that the two parts had been sealed with some kind of goop to make them airtight, which in another universe, one in which the life support systems were independent, actually made sense. Ergo the need for the use of a sledge hammer-driven prybar. And so much for the element of surprise.
They had seen no sign that what they were doing had been noticed by Archer, but when it became necessary to use the hammer at a level that was certain to alert him to the seriousness of the situation, tensions went up.
After three solid blows the bottom started to come off. It wouldn’t take too many more, but suddenly the light coming from above through the hatch changed and was then blacked out, most probably by Archer himself.
The sudden flash and sound of gunfire from above coincided with the window changing from spidered to crazed and dark back to light.
And as directed the two riflemen held their fire. This was not intended as some compassionate act but rather to spare themselves and the crew below from the inevitable ricochets, something that was a consequence of hitting anything that did not absorb the round. Quinn shifted to the side while Swinemar sat with his rifle muzzle just inches below the glass, ready to fire.
They waited a full five minutes. The light remained the same.
Finally an exasperated Quinn drove home the last blows and the lower portion of the hatch mechanism dropped into his outstretched arms. On Earth it would have been too heavy for one person to manage; on Mars it was just big. It was passed down the stairway. 
Not satisfied with this and still believing himself to be safe he took his hammer and drove the bolts up flush with the ceiling. This would ease the job of pushing the upper section of the hatch off the deck later.
Work done, Heinz and Quinn withdrew. Desharnais and Swinemar moved down to the Main Deck to take a less exposed and more comfortable position. Now we wait.

***
The mutiny had prevented them from dealing with another major concern: the need to maintain communications with the Russian ship. It was late in the day before Ley and Heinz could get back to working the radio set in the Recreation Room. 
The mutineers had focused their attack on the Bridge communication system and for an excusable reason had overlooked the Recreation Area radios, which while much less powerful than the main system had the same frequency bands available.
Ley twiddled a few knobs and soon the monotone drone of the Russian radio operator’s voice could be heard issuing from the speaker.
Heinz relaxed and called Mackenzie in to monitor and, as a precaution, assigned one of the armed crewmen to sit with him and watch the door.
When the Russian stopped, Mackenzie called the ship to advise that Heinz was available if he was required. He was not. 
Later Heinz assisted the CMS in lowering Captain Teller to the surface where he was buried with the others, beside Edwards.

***
Heinz held a faint hope that Archer would surrender ending this all peacefully, but there was no word, movement or any other action from above. 
They had to move on; they had to resolve this. An attack seemed the only way to do so.
The what and the how being already solved the CMS, Quinn and Heinz discussed the when and determined that 0300 was as good a time as any.
Shortly before 0300, Quinn and the CMS with a team of two rifle-toting men quietly crept up the stairway followed by two more men more carrying what was on any planet, a heavy battering-ram.
They listened and watched the light from the hatch window for changes indicating movement. There being nothing seen, on the count of three they smashed the battering-ram into the hatch. It took two tries before it moved to the side. The riflemen lept up, weapons at the ready, the CMS with pistol in hand. 
No one met them. In fine tactical style one kicked open the Ready Room door. There in the Commander’s chair, leaning against the wall, his pistol on his lap was TSgt Archer.
The CMS hesitated not a moment. There were other options, but he chose to fire. Three rounds. Two smacked into the wall and careened around the room. The third hit Archer between the eyes.  It was over.
The drama was in vain. The medicos determined later that Archer had been seriously injured by a ricochet from his own weapon, probably when he fired at the hatch window and had bled to death long hours before the final assault.
And so ended the mutiny. Maybe.

***
The CMS and a couple of the crew wrapped the two dead mutineers in sheets and carried them down to the Hangar Deck, placing them near the door. It was suggested by one of them that that they should just toss them out onto the surface below. “Serves ‘em right!” echoed the other.
The CMS turned and strode over to confront them, fist drawn back, ready to strike. They came to attention, ready for it.
On another day, closer to home and over some act less understandable he might have punched them in the face or kicked them in the ass and sent them on their way, lesson learned.
Instead he jacked them up, “Shut up you two! No way we’re doin’ that. That could be you, or me, but for a little good luck and sense.”
And then he slapped them both on their backs and shoved them towards the stairway to heaven. “Get your ass back up there and clean up that kitchen!”
Later that day they were lowered to the ground and the same two men helped the CMS bury them in line with the others.

CHAPTER 26 – THE RUSSIANS ARE COMING, etc

Latitude 19.XXN
Longitude 06X.XW
Common Name—NE Lunae Palus
Lunae Palus Quadrangle MC-10

Day 180

Smirnov confirmed that the Bolshoi Korabl would achieve orbit the day after tomorrow and commence the mission to make a radar map of Mars’ surface. He made it clear that they were going to complete this before leaving for Earth, implying that Heinz could, as he put it, ‘take time’ in getting the CRVs up to rendezvous with them.  That was both a good and bad thing.
Heinz needed a plan. There were many unknowns, not least of all who was going to pilot the CRVs. As far as he knew Teller and Edwards had been the only pilots on Orion and they were to have ‘flown’ the CRVs to RV with Daedalus.
Several of the techs were avionics types, meaning they knew how things worked but not so much or enough of how they were operated. What was the trajectory? How long did you fire the engines for? How did you even fire the engines? 
Indeed, since he had never been inside one, Heinz had to wonder was there even room for all of them.  Hmm. Hmm indeed.
He discussed this situation with the CMS, Dr Ley and Dr Schiller. The meeting took place in a corner of the Mess Hall. 
Heinz had found that he could no longer bring himself to use the Ready Room. He rationalized that the radio equipment, including that system in the Ready Room having been smashed beyond repair, there was little requirement to be there. But the reality was that too much had happened there; too much beyond his imagination and control.
To his surprise both Ley and Schiller revealed that among other jobs they had been pilots in the war, though they were somewhat hesitant to give details. However, over the course of the discussion, Schiller revealed that he had piloted the Me-262 and rocket-powered variants on a few test and combat missions. When they had run out of fuel, he was switched to the Tank Corps and when they ran out of fuel, to the Infantry. And Ley, of course had designed the CRVs. Two good reveals. 
They expressed that they needed help to ready the CRVs and the CMS gave them the two avionics techs as crewmen, to be trained as required.
They also would see to determining the trajectory for required flight to the RV but advised him that that particular detail could and would have to wait until the Russians actually arrived and established a stable orbit. 
There was no mention of the possibility or preference of either of them to remain on Mars. 
Given everything that had happened and their part in the greater part of it, Heinz couldn’t let that ride, “I was lately informed that you two were considering remaining on Mars.”
They looked at each other for a long moment and then to him. Uncharacteristically, Schiller spoke first. “It is a dream come true to be on Mars as a scientist. A new planet here, waiting to be discovered. We can only imagine what wonders we might find. But of course we cannot impose our dreams on others. Perhaps we will return some day. For now we have a duty to perform.”
Heinz looked into their age-lined faces. Now or never?
 “Yes. Perhaps you will. Thank you for that. And we may still be able to go down and survey the local area as you suggested.” 
“Yes. That would be sensible.”
“In fact, you two should go, even if no one else goes.”
“All in good time, sir.” 

***
Later in the day, prompted at least in part by his conversation with Ley and Schiller, he called the entire crew together for another meeting, the first since the mutiny. He decided to act the part; to act as he believed Edwards would have. Open, honest, almost equal to them, but in command. Command was inescapable.
“I have called you together for a number of reasons. One is to tell you that I have contacted the Russian ship, the Bolshoi Korabl and spoken to the Commander. He has agreed to RV with us in orbit and to allow us onboard to return to Earth with them.  I don’t know how we will be treated, but from the way things went I don’t expect to be placed in the brig. It went well.”
Feet shuffled, heads moved. 
“This is a big unknown. But staying on Mars is a bigger one.”
He paused to let that sink in. 
“The second thing is, as I said a few days ago, that if you want to stay here on Mars, you can. I will not order you to go. From my discussions and what I saw of his leadership Lieutenant Colonel Edwards would have given you a choice, too. So it’s up to you.  But you’ll be on your own. Doc Ley and Doc Schiller are going to pilot the CRVs up to RV. Think about that.”
He waited, but not long, “Any questions?”
“Do we take weapons, just in case?”
“Good question. What are you thinking? We cannot take over their ship. That makes no sense.”
“To protect ourselves, I meant.”
“Well, if they wanted us dead…isn’t there is a better way? To just leave us here? From that I’d say no weapons.”
“Are we going aboard as prisoners?”
“No,” Heinz paused a moment to think. “We are not technically at war.  We are something other than their enemies.  Perhaps we are survivors? Victims? Refugees? And we are at their mercy.”
“They are Russians!”
Heinz felt this could go on forever. To him, they simply had to trust the Russians or they would never be able to bring themselves to do this. Maybe it would have been simpler just to order them to go up. Would that lead to another mutiny? Good question.
Instead, “Look. This whole thing is thing is new, a first. We are in space. We are not lying in a trench a hundred yards from their trench waiting for the command to attack. You get that? Don’t make me drag out other examples to make that point.” 
A thought occurred. A gamble was required.  “Maybe it will help to think of it this way. We have won the battle for Mars, but we are on the edge of losing the war. We are at their mercy.”
“We won the battle and we need to win the war too, sir!” 
“Yes. On another day, though.” Again he paused. “OK. I get it. How’s this? If you want to stay here and die, which you will, then do it. It’s your call. You don’t need to explain your reasons to me. I am getting in a CRV and getting off this goddam planet. I prefer that unknown to this unknown. So anyone who wants to go with me can. And no weapons are going to be taken to the Russian ship. Understood? Now this is over. For now. CSM?”
“Yes sir.”
“We’re done. In a few days we will leave for home. I want to know who is staying.”
“Yes sir! Git back to work you varmints. And for God’s sake, think before you do anything stupid!”
They left to their duties. Heinz returned to the Bridge Deck.

***
He closed the door to the Ready Room and sat in the chair, his personal log in hand, pondering what had just happened. Different.
Yes, this was different. He had seen decisions made that had cost lives. Horrific things were done, based on what was called in any universe, 'the greater good’ aka survival of the many versus the few. Close the door to contain the fire and the flood, let some through, then, looking into their faces, block others. Send men out on deck into danger to repel boarders, to return fire, to secure the ship while safe behind armoured windows. Orders! This was not the same!
Well, this time they could make their own decision whether to stay and eventually die, alone and possibly unknown, forgotten except to the few, their families, who would never accept or maybe even understand the ‘why’ of it all.
He was leaving. 
He commenced to update his log with the events of the day. He looked back over the last few pages which included his account of the mutiny. Very personal. Too personal. Not clinical.
He tried to imagine this set of documents being presented as evidence at an inquiry. In all likelihood that was going to happen. Yes.
His record of day to day events on Orion and of the command decisions of the Commander and comments from his own point of view was an official document. Informal, but…
He looked back and read his assessment of his first meeting with Teller – ‘eager, too eager; smells like a ‘ring knocker’. Of Edwards – initially ‘a softy’, an opinion that changed over time to ‘a good leader who listens and considers others’ to ‘something is not right’. Re Dr Ley, ‘something going on here’. And so on. More about the CMS, the ‘Canners’ and their treatment on board by the Americans. And of Mackenzie, who in the end had come clean and pitched in. All somewhat revealing.
It had been said that sometimes you wanted to be dead when these things were presented to a BOI. And by the way, why didn’t you report the mutiny to the MSC? 
Mutiny, any mutiny, was a difficult thing to think about, a thing that one did not always understand or even discern and something people, especially military people chose to avoid discussing and indeed, even thinking about.
Mutiny, Heinz had concluded long ago from observation, thinking and reading was about failure; a failure to obey the lawful commands of superiors to complete a mission or a task that often one did not understand, or sometimes even know of. Or even need to know existed. The light dawned.
The Orion mutineers were not wrong in their mutiny against him. Mutiny was not rebellion against fate or acts of God. It was against decisions made by others. And he too was a mutineer.

***
But it was done. The mutiny against him was over. There would be a price to pay eventually, should they survive. That BOI thing? Death, taxes and Boards of Inquiry.
All was yet in question. Would they be able to get off Mars? Could they trust the Russians? How would his men react upon meeting them? How would they react? Yes, still all very much unknown.
But the history of mankind’s wars was rife with cases where compassion had been shown to enemy soldiers, airmen, seamen and civilian victims. Ships, themselves in danger had stopped to pick up survivors, with sailors jumping into the icy oil-covered water to save the injured; with enemy faces looking up, fearful, hateful, grateful and very human. Russia, America, Canada, probably all nations of the modern world had histories of turning away other faces, unwanted faces and undeclared enemies at their ports, at their borders and beaches but also of embracing them, of wrapping them in blankets, conveying them down below and away to care and safety.
And yet, sometimes prisoners were taken out to a field, made to dig their own graves, then shot. Them and the very event itself often erased from history and eventually, all memory.
Heinz pondered recent events. When would, when could we ever learn to set aside this?
Well, it began with individuals making decisions, sometimes unpopular ones that were resented and sometimes violently opposed. By taking a chance.

***
He got up and went in search of Edwards’s own personal log and brought it back to the Pilot’s chair. Something caused him to hesitate to open it. If he proceeded he was probably, no definitely going to see things he did not like, including certainly, an assessment of the person who was his Exec. Well, had he not just done the same thing?
He looked at the last pages written just before Edwards’s death, when things had been quite uncertain and when the mission, as Heinz saw it at least, was in flux and uncertain. And then made as clear as frosted glass.
Edwards’s most recent notes, written in ballpoint showed in table form a set of mission options. Underneath was an analysis of each option with a projected outcome. No doubt this was a logical analysis by a perhaps somewhat obsessive leader; an analysis intended to lead to sound and logical decisions. But all entries were undated. 
Heinz hesitated again. He did not need to read this. He was looking for something else than an analysis. But in truth he was not certain of what he was looking for. A cursory look sent him back to the analysis.
He reviewed the list. The mission as had been made public was to land and RV with Daedalus waiting for them in orbit about Mars and return to Earth, all in good time. However, Edwards’s last set of notes told a different story, of another mission. 

Revised Mission

Objective 1
Achieve orbit. Commence survey of the surface looking for safe landing locations, mineral deposits, ice and other resources. Consult with Ley and Schiller re choices

Objective 2
   Land and claim Mars

Objective 3
Deny foreign nationals from landing. Use force if necessary. 

Objective 4
Establish a permanent presence though the construction of inflatable mission habitations, a 'greenhouse' and secure buildings for installation of weapons and communication systems and space weather monitoring facilities. Commence analysis of the capabilities of Mars to support human life indefinitely, without support from Earth.

That was it. There was no mention of the RV with Daedalus. Nothing but a clear mission statement that said one thing – they were staying. And there was no sign of any intent to ever leave. And given the lack of a recovery capability by NASA or the IEF, that was a certainty. The plentiful stores, the huge space, Ley and Schiller’s commitment were explained by this. And tellingly, scrawled across the final note in pencil, were the letters ‘IA!!!’. 
Things fell into place. It was clear to Heinz, although not specifically worded so, to ‘colonise’ Mars had become the mission. Yes things fell into place with an audible thump and a whack on the side of the head. How could he have not seen it? But maybe he was wrong?
He read entries from a few days or so before the landing. Mixed in with some routine things Edwards had written about his regret that he had not been more honest with his Exec. “He deserves to know but I cannot, for the safety of this mission, tell him. In the end he will know. We will see what happens when it plays out. More to follow. For now silence.”
It hit him again. He was the mutineer. They were right and he was wrong. Of course. Of course not. 

***
The CMS came in, saw him and stopped abruptly, apologizing for the intrusion. He saw Edwards’ document in Heinz’s hands and from the change in his facial expression Heinz assumed he had seen it before. Probably often.
Heinz gestured for him to grab a seat. He had no Exec now, only this person before him who he had to trust. But could he be honest and open with the CMS? Could he expect support? 
“So, CMS. What’s the head count?”
“So far no one has said they’re staying. I think you made your point.”
“Tough. Tough all around.”
“Aye sir. Tough.”
“We’ll see. So, moving on to something else. We were supposed to stay? Lieutenant Colonel Edwards never told me the true mission of this voyage. I have no idea why he didn’t.” 
He pointed at Edward’s log. “But we were ordered to stay. How long have you known?”
“Wait, sir. The true mission? What do you mean by that?”
“The mission of Orion. To land and stay here?” Heinz looked at the CMS quizzically. He didn’t know?
The CMS looked back at him quizzically, “Stay here on Mars? But we were to land and explore the planet for a month or so, meet up with that bloody Daedalus and go home. From the time I signed on that was it. Sure, it was pretty iffy but …but what you just said is the true mission? I don’t know anything about that.”
“A few days before we landed they ordered Lieutenant Colonel Edwards to land and stay on Mars. At all costs.”
“What?” The CMS shook his head in disbelief, “Son of bitch. That’s news to me.” He pointed at Edwards’s log. “It’s in there?”
Heinz nodded.
“I’m surprised he wrote it down.”
“Yes. Me too. But he did. However, he never told me. Did anyone else know this? Anyone alive, I mean?”
The CMS answered after a slight pause, “No, I don’t think so but…Ley and Schiller maybe, but they’re not really part of the crew. I don’t think I’ve ever really understood their real part in this. They pretty much keep to themselves. Maybe they were staying regardless...of what we did?”
“Yeah. I’ve sort of picked up on that too.”
“But the rest of us knew it could happen…that…we might not get back for some damned tech reason. I mean it was made clear enough at the start that there were risks and we all accepted that we might not get back.”
“Did the mutineers know the new mission?” 
“I guess so. Hard to see a mutiny for something we all sort of accepted might happen. Why else would they rebel?” The CMS paused, “But now that I think about it, some see us going up as...surrendering to the Russians. I don’t know that will play out. You’ve seen signs of that. That might have been enough for those two.” 
“Yes. So where do you stand on us going up to the Russkies?”
The CMS shifted awkwardly in his seat. This was obviously a hard question, for anyone.
“I hate to say this but I’m not sure how I would have taken the Russkie thing if I’d known they’d changed the mission. It is one thing to….but…dammit we’re not a combat unit…we are exploring space.” Harvey paused again. His face changed to calm. “But sir, you are in command. I know what my responsibilities are. Give us your orders. Set us to work.”
“Understood. Are there any others who may not know we are to stay? Now I mean.”
“No idea, sir but I doubt it. They talk. But they are mixed on that thing, the Russian thing for sure.”
“Yes.”
“But it’s getting clearer now. Staying on Mars because you’re ordered to is a duty. A tough one but…but bailing on those orders and hooking up with the enemy is something completely different. For some of them...well they are still working that out. This may not be over.”
“I see. Well, I want you let them know that the mission has changed. We were not told the truth.
“Sir.”
“And also this. The Russians are not the enemy. We are not at war. Different rules apply.” 
“Of course, sir. This may come as a surprise to you, but not everyone falls in line with a CO’s beliefs. Or orders. For some people the war is never over and enemies are always just that, enemies. For ever. And at some point in time…they just…” 
“Yes. I appreciate your telling me this. You’ve seen it?” 
“Yes. Actually I was Navy for 14 years. Weapons and counter-measures.”
“You remustered?”
“What? Oh. Not in the good ol’ US of A, you don’t. You have to get out and get accepted by the other guys; then you take their full training and all that. It was tough, then easy, then tough.”
“I get it. Well. What can I say? So can I count on you for this? The Russian thing I mean.”
“Yes sir. I don’t want to stay here. If they had told us this mission was one way…they’d probably have a different crew onboard…no…from talking with our guys I am certain they would. But I have a hard time trusting the Russkies. We have a history. We need to work that part out.”
“Yes. I see.” Heinz tapped the wall, “Do you know what else is behind these bulkheads?”
“No sir, I do not. Captain Teller did. But things are beginning to make sense to me.” The CSM paused a moment, “This explains a lot. At least now it does. To me.”
“I see that too.”
“But about your decision to contact the Russian ship, sir?” Harvey paused and took a breath, “It is hard for us to accept it because our history, our training and our gut feelings lead us another way. But I think the Russkies will be just like us in this, this space thing? They’re coming from the other side of a fence where it is just as green. Or maybe just as brown. And they’re probably having the same discussions that our guys are. It’s gonna to be interesting. I would like to follow that up with them. To maybe hear their side of the story? From them? That is, if they don’t kill us as soon as we set foot onboard.”
“Yes. I feel the same way. But what choices do we have?”
The CSM hesitated and that particular awkward moment passed. “About the Russians? I think you’ll see it in their eyes at first look. And if they meet us with guns? That’ll tell you where they stand fer sure. And about us too. About where we’re going, I mean.”
“Aye. Thanks for this, CMS.”
“Sir?” The CMS got up and left.
Yes. That explained a lot.
***
Heinz sat for a while, thinking on how much things had changed just in the past few hours. He made a decision. He tore the last two weeks or so worth of entries out of Edwards’s personal log, set it back on the table in the Ready Room and put those twisted pages with his own. 
If this went as planned, who knew how long it would be before someone came on board Orion, but if they did, that what was left of Edwards’s notes would leave them guessing was a given. It would support any story, no matter how far off of the mark.
For that same reason he spent some time recording his own view of the last few weeks. He knew now what he was going to do with his log and Edwards’s last few pages. And he sure as hell wasn’t taking them with him home.
In his notes he had made it practice not to hide anything and he was not going to stop that now. But how to end it. 
He wrote some words, hardly original, but very real. His ballpoint was nearly dry, requiring him to go over the letters several times. Arrgh!

CHAPTER 27 – TIME TO SAY GOODBYE

Latitude 19.XXN
Longitude 06X.XW
Common Name—NE Lunae Palus
Lunae Palus Quadrangle MC-10

Day 187

Deimos is the smaller of the two Martian moons and higher in orbit, at about 14,000-odd miles above Mars with an orbital period of just under 30 hours, which is slower than Mars rotates. The Bolshoi Korabl had gone into orbit at the same altitude as Deimos but was trailing about an hour behind.
Commander Smirnov continued to call in every cycle. Sometimes he requested navigation information which required the presence and assistance of Ley or Schiller but at other times just made small talk, at which times Heinz and Mackenzie took over.
Seeing that of necessity this was being done in the Rec Hall in the presence of the crew had the good effect of calming them. 
Sometimes, when the discussions in English between Alan and Boris - first names began to be used - turned to football, the room, initially energised by the term football, emptied. Football in Russia and to Heinz and Mackenzie was known in the USA as soccer. 
The same thing happened when the topic was ice hockey. Boris, who like Mackenzie turned out to be a hockey player - albeit both on military teams only, which turned out to mean something different in Russia - when informed about the composition of the crew, commented for all to hear, “God help us if the Americans ever catch onto hockey!” 
Heinz had to agree, however unlikely that outcome was in reality.
The CRVs proved to be of major concern. The Bolshoi Korabl was not constructed like the Orion, possessing no accessible space equivalent to her Hangar Deck. It was going to be necessary for the two ships to match orbit, to hold position relative to each other and for the crew to ‘spacewalk’ as Ley put it, across to an airlock. Further, the Russian ship’s airlock was smaller than the one Orion possessed, meaning that this transfer had to be done in stages. Details had yet to be worked out, but it appeared that connecting the two ships with some form of line would certainly be required.

Far From The Maddening Crowd

The CMS, in what turned out to be a wise decision insisted that everyone spend some practice time in the suits. Going down to the surface was made optional and some, who were perhaps just afraid of heights took a pass, preferring to spend their ‘suit time’ on the Hangar Deck, looking at each other, the sky and the distant horizon; looking everywhere in fact but down and of course, in taking pictures.
Heinz had spent some time on the Hangar Deck in his suit looking at the horizon, which due to the planet’s small size was actually quite close. On several occasions he had watched those walking about on the surface from the Bridge cameras, seeing them poking at the dirt and peering under rocks. He stopped when the lens became too dusty to show any details. No sign of Reno here!
But he too took several trips to the surface, one accompanied by Swinemar, Desharnais and Drs Ley and Schiller on what was the first of their many and much anticipated exploratory treks. 

***
In early afternoon they met and prepared for this momentous and historic occasion – the first scientists from Earth to walk on Mars. There had been previous efforts, but all had ended badly. Or had never actually left the surly bonds of Earth.
As they dressed in the air lock, Swinemar suggested without a hint of humour but with a wink at Heinz and Desharnais that a degree of caution be exercised on the surface; that they should perhaps arm themselves in the event that some Martian lifeform out for a casual stroll stumbled upon them, assumed them to be enemies and shot them. 
They got the joke. Afterall, sci-fi was never wrong. 
Ley and Schiller just frowned. 
They were winched one-by-one down to the surface from the Hangar Deck. Strapping into the nylon strap ‘Swiss Seat’ was something all had done before. On a ship it was called the Bosun’s Chair, although most of the time one was required to tie oneself in with just a rope. And you did your own knots!
Once down it was immediately clear to him was that they had dumped empty crates overboard. And a lot of other stuff.
Swinemar soon joined him. “So Commander, there’s not a soul on this planet but us?” 
A setup for a joke if there ever was one.
“Nobody but us chickens, Master Corporal!”
Ley and Schiller soon joined them. Desharnais had already wandered off. Perhaps in search of Janet?
But soon they all looked about, mesmerised. It was incredible on a number of levels, some of which were surprisingly unforeseen, at least by Heinz.
It was like a bright dawn after a long dark night. 
Yes. He looked around. He saw plains and hazy hills in the distance, a short distance it appeared. He saw a surface swept clear of dust, but a dust that was already engaged in reclaiming the area. He’d seen a few places like this, but not much like it, in the High Arctic of Canada, the southern reaches of South America, the mid-western US deserts. No ‘Disappearing Desert’ though – just a solid yet weathered dare he say tortured surface overlain with jagged rocks of all sizes, scattered about randomly. Nothing looked like it was happy to be there.  Alien. Yes. A good word.  
Mars from Earth was a fuzzy ball. From an orbiting surveyor, it was a photograph. From the surface it was a new world, ready for exploration. A world that reached out and held you to it. The import of all this could not be appreciated in one go. It was going to take time to come to grips with it. 
Yes, he was on Mars and one of the first humans to do so. And he was, through a series of tragedies and unfortunate circumstances, some of which were had preceded Orion’s visit, the Commander of the first manned mission to Mars. 
Duty called him back from this state of wonderment.
He picked up the flagpole lying on the ground a short distance from Orion. Oddly, it was bent in the middle. Had Teller just tossed it off the deck too? He straightened it across his knee. Hmm. Was just tossing a flag enough to claim a planet?
Swinemar led the way to the grave site. Over half of the crew were buried here. And this mission wasn’t over. 
It finally dawned on him. He was here, but others, his shipmates, had been the first men to set foot on Mars. Yes, Teller, or the CMS or somebody else had been the first human to set foot on Mars.  How had he not realized this before? How had he not made note of this momentous historical fact? In his mind there was no acceptable excuse for this oversight. None. 
Quinn’s markers had a tendency to fall over through no fault of his or their own. They spent some time straightening them. It was pointless to try and push them down into the rocky surface.
He took the flagpole and worked it back and forth in the attempt. As proven, it turned out to be easier and quicker just to pile rocks about it; something of which there was a glut within easy reach. He avoided saying the ceremonial words, intentionally.  It was much later and too late when he reconsidered and regretted that sin of omission.
That required deed done they proceeded to straighten the remaining markers. More rocks were required. One unexpected and somewhat disturbing thing was seen. Some graves were capped by a layer of frost, the moisture being released from the bodies into the dry, cold and very thin air. 
Ley and Schiller aided them in bringing in the rocks and oddly all were largely silent through all this sometimes strenuous work. Not much but duty here, Heinz concluded, but it too was soon done. It was time now to explore Mars.
What, Heinz considered, were the odds that their almost randomly selected landing site was near a possibly rare Martian lifeform?  Well, he thought, we’re here. Come on over. We’re here to colonise you. 

***
Ley and Schiller moved away together, pointing at objects on the ground, bending to examine them, sifting the dirt through their gloves, picking things up and handing things to each other. Nothing of their discussions could be heard; obviously they had left the common freq. However Swinemar was on his knees, picking through piles of rubble, placing items of note in a cloth bag, each action accompanied by overly dramatic grunts and gasps. 
For some reason, possibly just his duty being fulfilled, without a word to the others Heinz turned off his suit radio and walked away from them. In five minutes he was alone, meaning no companions, no ship or beings of any kind in his line of sight. 
He dropped his Commander’s insulating and protective cloak on the dusty soil and left it behind. He moved another few dozen paces and stopped. 
As a very human visitor to this very strange place he realised he was alone in a novel way that few humans had ever been and he, certainly, had never before been. It was hard not to just stop, stand and stare at the surface before him, fixated. And he found when he forced himself to look up it was hard to look back down. Fascinating.
No, Spock, it was, for lack of a better word - profound. Yes, profound was a good world. Yet for some reason it seemed beyond his ability to live in the moment, to take in all he saw and touched, to assess it, to evaluate it, to comprehend, to even appreciate it. Very human feelings and desires got in the way. And circumstance? 
Head down again he considered the challenges facing a visitor to this place. If your work was going to be meaningful, and by work he meant more than merely ensuring your survival, you had to be prepared to stay here, indefinitely. It would have to be your life’s purpose. A one way trip, with all that implied seemed to be required. Gods only knew how long it would take to conduct significant research here on Mars, to collect samples and make countless measurements, to perform tests and experiments, and to interpret, compile and report findings. Afterall, this was not an acre of Amazonian rain forest. This was Mars. He began to understand some of the more puzzling moments he had spent in discussion with Ley and Schiller.
He shook his head. Rational evaluation and long term exploration of Mars was perhaps better done by machines; intelligent machines able to make observations, ask relevant questions, to form hypotheses or testable explanations, to make predictions based on those hypotheses, to test the predictions and use the results to make new hypotheses and then form rational conclusions leading to decisive action. Or maybe just scientists. But military people? Why? Who would think so?
He looked around again, an innocent act that seemed likely to become an obsession for anyone who came here. 
Why were they here? And by ‘they’ he found he meant humans, not the IEF.  Other questions popped into his mind. Where do we come from? What are we? Where are we going? And where the hell was that Gauguin guy when you needed him? Well those are just more questions sir, not answers!
It had been said to Heinz in more than one couple’s therapy session in various ways that everyday there is a choice and nothing is gained from the path we know. And this was a definitely new and unknown path. For humankind. But Mars did not show any signs of being a comfortable place to live one’s life. 
As far as his eyes could see the surface was barren, rocky and boulder strewn. Desolate. Yes. No canals, of course and no crystal cities. No scenes of stately majesty for the King of kings. No green fields and rivers. But no plumes of smoke rose to merge into a leaden sky. Was this possibly a new start for humanity?
Maybe, he answered. But what was really out there? And with a mind tainted by a human’s instinctive fear, he wondered who, as unlikely as that seemed at this particular moment and place, was out there? That this place looked more desolate than any of Earth’s dry, windy and cold places did not eliminate the possibility of life. Perhaps it was there, just below the dust. Or far below. Regardless.
Earth, it was said, teemed with lifeforms, many of which were still uncategorised. Indeed, there were significant portions of the home planet that were unexplored and as Ley had often reminded everyone in sight the ocean floor was representative of this informative fact. Intriguingly he had said he’d seen signs of free-running water on the slopes of the valleys and gorges from the airlock window on the last days of their approach. 
But once here, as with Earth’s oceans you would have to get out of your chair and go over for a look-see.  Every rock, every grain of sand, every dust speck was unique; potentially hiding a mystery. There were no Encyclopedia Britannica volumes on the shelf about this, the real Mars. They had yet to be written. But they would not be written by him.
In the end, for him Mars was a distant, cold and uncaring place that despite the charm, the beauty and a fascinating physical form would not satisfy human needs.  Certainly none of it satisfied this human’s basic needs. It definitely fell short on safety and security needs, too. And while being here with some people could be pleasant and fulfilling, with others it would no doubt be stressful. Probably. Eventually. 
Lost in thought and lost in time he stared straight into the shining sun. That simple act served to clear his mind. They could not stay here. Perhaps someone could; he could not. 
But, he realised, a part of him was never leaving. Yes. A part of him was chained forever, to a world that had apparently departed. Some time ago.
As he turned back to the others and Orion he turned on his suit radio. In so doing he picked up his very imaginary yet essential cloak. It wasn’t long before his mind was further cleansed.
Yes, Swinemar’s intrusive comment over the radio common channel brought him back even closer to cold reality. “At least there’s always something to sit on,” referring of course to the large number of boulders.
Desharnais warned them all, “But don’t sit too long. They’re damn cold on the butt!” 
Yes, those very human utterances re-turned him to Earth.

***
They all spent time bent over, something difficult and awkward in the heavy and stiff suit, picking up small rocks and shards of who knew what, perhaps in hopeful expectation of seeing something or someone under them. Heinz heard voices in his head. Radio voices.
“Yes sir. We landed right next to the only lifeform on Mars and I picked up the rock she was living under.” Thanks, Bruce!
No. Nothing. Under the rocks was dust and dirt. Fascinating dirt though!
For some reason, resisting the urge to toss them away, those Heinz did not take with him he put back in the same spot, at least as precisely as the gloves permitted. It just seemed the right thing to do. Ley, Desharnais and Schiller he noted did the much same.
But not Swinemar who took great delight in sending rocks of all sizes spinning and skipping across the surface. He was soon joined in this by Desharnais. Heinz resisted the temptation. It soon degraded into a contest to see who could get the most skips and the longest throw. Ley and Schiller refrained from doing so and while they kept silent he had to wonder what scornful scientist-looks were hidden under their foggy helmet visors at this desecration.
The suits were heavy of course but seemed ok. All of them were soon tired from walking.
They went over to the rovers and as others obviously had, took them for a spin. It took a few moments to figure out the controls but once that was done they were actually quite simple to operate. Solar powered with tiller steering, the brake and ‘gas’ pedals were obvious and therefore easy. Realising there even was one and finding the handbrake was not.
They were not fast by any Earthan golf cart standard, but one soon learned that Mars’ 1/3 gravity compared to Earth had to be considered in things like braking, turning and other such highly technical stuff. 
Swinemar and Ley had taken off – with Swinemar driving of course - and led the way at such a speed that they left the surface several times and indeed, sliding sideways in a cloud of dust down a small rise had nearly rolled over. Heinz and Schiller followed more cautiously, the Rover being driven by Desharnais. They travelled about two miles from Orion towards the hills which were further away than they looked, passing a number of small well-worn craters, stopped and looked back.
Away from Orion it was much dustier. Swinemar made a joke of it covering Heinz until he pointed out the same for him – and that they were all covered in Martian dust from head to toe, as were the rovers. Mars’ dust seemed a fact of life. The only immediate problem was the dust could not be cleared from their faceplates by any of the traditional methods that called for a gloved hand to be wiped casually across the face. Something else for Doc Ley to work on?
They looked back towards Orion. She stood out starkly from the reddish surface of Mars and the pinkish tan sky. From this look-angle you couldn’t read the Spanish lettering above the Hangar Deck door, but the tilt of the ship was quite obvious. Odd it was, Heinz thought that while on board they hadn't noticed it except perhaps, in their coffee cups? 
Desharnais asked, “Do you think she’ll fall over?”
Heinz considered the question, something he had discussed with the late Captain Teller who had been right - you didn’t need to be an engineer to realise that if it was going to happen it already would have. 
But Ley went scientific on them, “Did you see how hard the ground was under that pusher plate? Four thousand tonnes and it hardly put a dent in it. Maybe if there is something like permafrost underneath it will fall, some day.” 
The strangeness of it all, something Heinz had thought was over for him, returned. Mars. Migawd. I’m on Mars. Shipwrecked. What the hell am I doing here? A twisty road?
Swinemar called out, “She’s the Leaning Tower of Mars, man!” That joke brought Heinz back to reality. Again.
 “Ten dollars a head please. Get in fucking line, sir! No smoking. After you, my dear!”
“I think you’re suffering from panzaism, Bruce.”
They all had a laugh at that.
Ley and Schiller turned away again as one and walked away from Orion, the rovers, Swinemar, Desharnais and Heinz. Nothing was said by them over the shared radio channel, but from their many discussions Heinz had the feeling that this was, for lack of a better word - their ‘moment’ on Mars. 
Yes, this was what they had signed on for; this was what they had come here for: a potentially endless, unimaginable scientific quest. That resolve could not have come easy, even to them. Surely a price was to be paid. And how could they leave?
Undoubtedly Mars would be a fascinating place to explore should one have the time and resources, such as a portable home, a source of heat and a vehicle large enough to carry such a kit. And, Heinz considered, given what he had recently seen and come to understand, there were a great many things on the ship he’d no clue of. So perhaps that starter kit was already there. It should be. Yes, all considered, it should be.
The O2 alarm sounded in Heinz’s suit. Thirty minutes remaining. He called out on the common freq, “Time to go back. And how do you silence that goddam alarm? It’s so annoying!”
They returned the rovers to their reserved parking spots and went up via the Bosun’s Chair. Heinz was the last to go up. Yes, he thought and kept to himself, profound was a good world
On the Hangar Deck they were washed down to get rid of the dust. And yes, as he had been warned by Dr Ley, the dust actually exploded when wetted. 
The sum total of the experience raised in Heinz an interesting question: was Maslow a part of the IEF program? Or NASA’s?

***
Knowing that his days with any measure of freedom were numbered Heinz made one more trip down to the surface, this time alone. That it was Christmas Day was not related to this excursion in any way. That it was so had been acknowledged by a simple exchange of words in the Mess Hall and no action. Meaning that there was no turkey dinner or exchange of gifts, at least none that he had been aware of.  But there had been a start. Carols were sung after the mid-day meal.
Late in the afternoon he was aided in suiting up by a crew member who, without a hint of a smile, reminded him that the CO had said that no one was to go out on the surface alone. “I’ll speak with him when I get back.” That put an end to that and earned a mild grin. Both ways.
Heinz’s intent was not to enjoy himself in some Rover jaunt or exploratory effort, but rather to dispose of, where and for God only knew how long, the pages torn from Edwards’s personal log and his own in its entirety. 
He walked around Orion again, looking as he did so at what they had dumped onto the surface. Yes, some of it had obviously just been tossed from the Hangar Deck. Broken electronic equipment, equipment racks, gas cylinders, wooden boxes and shipping containers, some empty, some half full of garbage, crates marked Meals-Ready to Eat. Tin cans, beer cans and yes, papers for God’s sake littered the surface. It was the kind of stuff left behind by negligent campers or was washed up on the shore from wrecked ships. There were even a couple of space suits; damaged somehow, hopefully. 
He walked away, focussing intently upon each footstep for no other reason than to compensate for the irregularities of the surface, until he reached an area where the final blasts had not cleared the area of anything moveable. There was a convenient sized boulder. Of course there was. 
Mars was, as Swinemar had said on more than one occasion, apparently covered in conveniently located and sized boulders. 
He sat and looked about at the surrounding area. Yes. Still old, tired, well-worn and apparently abused. Still no sign of life. At least not here. That about summed it up. But wait. Maybe in a few minutes…
He pulled the papers from the pouch slung around his shoulder. This couldn’t take too long because Swinemar was right on that other point too. It was cold on the butt. 
He asked himself and not for the first time, why was he doing this, this probably unnecessary, ill-advised and very private act. Well, he had reasoned, whatever happened next, there was a story to tell and sure as heaven and hell existed a story would be told. That story might be the truth, but in his heart and mind he doubted that. There were many things in the way of that happening. Too many people, too many countries, too many vested interests. We’ll see.
If it was ever found the stuff written in these two bunches of papers would, as the truth usually did, limit the possible explanations and they would therefore be destroyed or perhaps better put, ‘suppressed’. 
He was doing this, not to save his own skin or save Edwards’s reputation or to create some fantastic tale of heroism but rather in the hope that at some date in the future, probably far in the future, their story would be read as written, with no spin. What effect this would have, he did not want to imagine, nor could he imagine. Once he got up and walked away leaving this behind he could never speak of it, the truth, again. Well. He’d try not to.
He knew that at some point, perhaps on his deathbed, he might recant. He might. He might not. 
So, rising he walked about aimlessly, deep in thought and in the bottom of a well-worn crater several hundred yards from Orion found a non-descript piece of Mars, a flattish rock and lifting it up, scratched and scooped the surface underneath to make a void. That done, he placed the papers in the hole, smoothed the dirt over them and placing the rock back on top, wiggled it about to get it to settle.
It was ridiculous, of course, what he was doing. Who knew how long, why and who might find this? Only the Gods of Mars. Or some OCD-possessing rock-hound Colonist? All very unlikely.

Fame
He turned back to Orion and walking with head down stopped and forced himself to look up and around at Mars. Never again, he believed would he do this, this lone walk on a strange and foreign land. Never would he even have the chance. Chance and circumstance.
Reddish tinted surface. A tan sky tending to dark as one looked up. In many ways it was a mere beach; the water being absent, of course. Low tide on Mars.
He picked up an elongated piece of rock and crouching over awkwardly wrote some words in the dusty pebble-covered surface that his mind thought and his soul needed to say. Words he had written on some rocks down by the Seine some years ago. With her.
Before he was even done a gust of wind, unfelt but seen began to fill them in.  In time there would be no trace; perhaps only a few discernible tap marks. Leave your mind’s mark anywhere and a high tide will erase it, in time.
This small, personal and necessary mission accomplished he headed back to Orion. The tracks of his footsteps were already being filled in by the thin winds. As a last small act he picked up an interesting but still rather small rock and slipped it into his pouch.
We’ll see.

CHAPTER 28 - HEADING UP HIGH

Latitude 19.10N
Longitude 061.6W
Common Name—NE Lunae Palus

Day 202

Smirnov advised Heinz that the Russian mission to map Mars was nearing its end.  He did not issue it as an ultimatum; rather he informed him that his navigator had advised that planetary alignment for a return to Earth was reaching optimum in the near future. In fact, he informed, it was just days away.
At his end Heinz had committed to get his experts to complete the calculations and get the CRVs ready. Final timings were yet to be worked out.
He tracked down Ley and Schiller and found them on the Hangar Deck by the CRVs arguing heatedly about something in German. It took a while for him to get in sync.  Obviously they were ‘talking shop’. 
It had to do with the importance of weight and balance of the CRV and in this case about the distribution of the passenger’s mass. Each had seats for eight persons plus the pilot and they were in disagreement over who should sit where. Regardless, they conveyed the message that they were closing in on the numbers.
With the door to a CRV finally open Heinz took the opportunity to look around.
They were small to begin with and the passenger space was cramped. The total of nine seats each was interesting. If he had been aware of this fact months ago, he would certainly inquired about one thing – who was being left behind on Mars? Or were there other CRVs behind those walls? He let that sit.
Ley and Schiller completed their discussion or at least set aside their dispute for the moment to deal with him.
“Did you find the instruction manual?” he asked, half-jokingly.
“Yes,” Ley answered. “There was a copy in each glove box. Would you like to read it?”
“Yes. It is going to be crowded in there. Especially with spacesuits on, spare oxygen tanks and stuff we want to take home.”
Ley and Schiller looked at him and then each other. Heinz could not put any label on the look on their faces except ‘surprise’.
“Yes. Crowded,” they spoke, as one.
“Can you fly them? I mean, can they be flown?”
“Yes,” Schiller answered, recovering. “Once they are pointed in the correct direction and engine thrust is on, you are on your way. There is however a very limited manoeuvring capability and the arrival could be potentially difficult.”
“Yes, at once too easy and too hard,” Ley added.
“One can only hope.”
“Sometimes hope is all we have.” 
Heinz left them to their work with the distinct feeling they would be pulling out those slide rules again tonight. An original phrase for sure.

***
The lowering of the CRVs to the Martian surface was a job requiring the involvement of most of the crew which quickly eliminated the option of lowering them to the ground fully loaded and ready to go. Despite their relatively small size, that they were a tight fit through the Hangar Deck door did not help. There was however, an established procedure.
Once they were unbolted from their deck mounts the ceiling mounted lifting crane had to be positioned directly over them and attached to the pickup point. The first CRV had to be raised high enough to clear the other and then pushed and pulled to the center of the deck to line up with the door. Then the lift arm was then extended out until the CRV was clear of the hull. 
Heinz watched this play unfold from the sidelines of the Hangar Deck door windows. Not a lifeboat for sure, but easier in space. Maybe.
Lowering commenced. The tilt of Orion did not help. At maximum extension the lift put the CRV just clear of the hull at the surface. Long lines made of pieces of manila rope knotted together were tied to the wing tips and used by men at ground level to control the swinging caused by the wind. Fortunately there were no fences or trees for the knots to snag on and wind was not a factor, if there even was one. It was physically demanding but both CRVs were lowered without significant incident.
Unfortunately, adding to the already expended sweat was that once lowered they had to be dragged some distance away across the surface by the rovers since Orion was smack dab in the middle of their flight path! Of course! 
Then the CRVs landing gear, or more properly, their launch gear was manually cranked until, at maximum extension, they pointed upwards at about 30 degrees.   

***
Launch was set for 0453 the day after tomorrow, Day 204. The crew was informed of this in a meeting held in the Mess Hall.
Everyone attended. The CSM had again reported that no one was staying.
The mood was best described as polite but Heinz would have called it apprehensive. He quickly opened the meeting just giving the launch time and then turned it over to Ley and Schiller to explain how the CRV launch and the flight itself would proceed.
Initially Heinz had suspected that this was mostly for his benefit, given that much of the crew were fully trained but Swinemar had when questioned informed him that it had not actually been part of their training. “They know nothing about those CRVs.”
The Russian ship had no landing deck or hangar so spacesuits would need to be worn with helmets staying on at least until orbit was achieved and the chase had begun. The duration of the flight would be less than eight hours, however the suits had only six hours of air, so some spare O2 tanks would needed to be carried down and stowed inside the cabin for the necessities of life, just in case... Complicating things further was that the CRVs had no air lock to simplify entrance and exiting.
Oddly, the discussion about the items that could be carried aboard generated the most interest.
Drs Ley and Schiller announced that to reduce the mass at launch nothing but essential things could be brought on board. Everyone had a souvenir rock or pebble from their own jaunt on the surface which of course they wanted to bring. Other items which everyone, including Heinz had assumed to be OK such as cameras and film, ball caps, items of civilian clothing, sleeping bags, personal keepsakes, shaving kits and so on - the necessities of life, so to speak - were not to be permitted.
At first Ley and Schiller dug in, but in the face of growing opposition had an aside meeting and relented. In the end Ley advised that each person would be allowed five kilograms of whatever they chose; however, everything would be weighed before it was allowed on board. And then he reminded everyone to wash their rocks and pebbles and place them in plastic sacks or wrapping. 
But a stubborn Schiller remained opposed and made the point for the benefit of all that every kilogram reduced the fuel available for manoeuvring, a fact that could possibly have enormous repercussions – such as a failure to make rendezvous. 
In the end it all fell on deaf ears. Slide rules, afterall, had a margin of error, someone said. “Yes,” agreed Ley, “but it is plus and minus.” Ears remained deaf.
Sensing the moment the CMS pushed on, “So, I want everyone down on the surface by 0330. Bring your stuff down with you. We aren’t going to wait for you to go back up to get it. Here are the vehicle assignments.”
He uncovered a sheet with two lists. In a tradition dating back a very long time, Heinz and his CMS would travel on separate vessels. Heinz was with Ley.

Time to Say Goodbye II

Overnight Ley and Schiller had calculated the precise takeoff time and other technical details such as the direction and the optimum launch angle based on their own observations of the Russian ship’s orbital parameters. Not from any apparent distrust of the Russians it seemed to Heinz, but rather a general distrust of any another Orion person’s use physics and math. He had found his calculator in a Ready Room desk drawer and lent it to them, only to find it set aside in the Mess Hall where they slid and slipped their slide rules. Ah Science!
Somewhat reassuringly the information provided by the Russians was remarkably close to their own.

***
Heinz did a last walkabout on the ship, starting at the now even more spacious Hangar Deck. No one had cleaned up the weapons locker. He kicked the lock and pry-bar aside and pushed the loose ammo rounds underneath the locker with his foot, suddenly stopping. He looked around at everything and nothing.
Why was he doing this? Why was he cleaning up a ship that was going nowhere; a derelict that might never be seen ever again by human eyes? 
On some levels it was clearly a waste of time.
But he knew that wasn’t cleaning up. No.
He wasn’t cleaning up; he was saying goodbye to reality. From now on what had happened here would all be dependent upon his memories and those of others. 
Something had happened here, but points of view, recollections of the events, even the reconstructed stories would differ, of course. The weapons locker had been forced, weapons removed, people shot and killed. Yes, true. By whom, when, and why?
He moved up the stairs and paused, looking back down.
Until the deaths in the landing he’d had some good times here – watching others and then himself jumping up and doing somersaults, tumbling back to the deck. 
Each deck had a something, a memory resulting in a story. The Main Deck with snoring coming from the rooms, the Recreation Area and the Mess Hall - spaces where they had been a ship’s crew until that fateful day. And the Bridge Deck, where he had himself nearly been killed and where Edwards and others had died.
All were tied together by the Stairway to Heaven, an illusion if there ever was one. He went into the Ready Room where he had slept regularly until the mutiny and had since then avoided. 
The impression of his head was still in the pillow. A ballpoint pen was on the table, with a half-filled glass of water. And there for all to see was Edwards’s personal log. And just over there - the smashed radio. The bullet-pocked wall. Traces of bloody smears. Shoulda cleaned up a bit better.
All together these separate things told a story that existed only in the minds of those who had been here, had seen it, felt it, had pulled the trigger, felt the pain and had cleaned up the mess.
There had been a sequence to all of the individual events that had happened here and it had not been defined by the order of the decks. When they were gone the ship would itself tell another story.
He turned to go down to his quarters on the Main Deck. Afterall, 0300 was not all that far away. Again he stopped and looked about. It was a mess. Spilled coffee on the floor by that hatch. Papers, equipment condition tags, garbage bags littered the floor. He dragged the garbage bag to the hatch and stopped short of dropping it down. 
Why was he doing this? Why was he subjecting himself to this? Well…
And as he turned he heard a voice say something quite familiar to him as clearly as it ever had. A voice that for the rest of his life he would declare had been real. Edwards cautioned him, “More to follow.”

***
At 0330 they were all there. Ley and Schiller had taken the precaution of putting dust mats at the door and using a brush - water being impractical - were insisting upon cleaning each person as they arrived to board. Despite precautionary measures coughing had affected everyone who had been to the surface to some degree and even some who had not, so anything was evidently possible.
There had been a number of issues in dealing with personal kit. When Heinz arrived there was already a small pile of hats, rocks and such by the door. Oh well. We warned you! 
He got in the line behind Swinemar and Deutschendorf, who was carrying his guitar slung over his shoulder. They talked, radios off, helmets touching.
“You’re taking it with you? Well I guess you should.”
“Yessir. When we get back I’m getting out. Unless they post me to the Mountain. If not, I’m out and moving to Denver.” We’ll see how that goes.
Swinemar went through the brush-down process and boarded, giving Heinz that sort of a smile that said ‘nice try’. Ley gave DJ a head shake followed by a word that said no and pulled his guitar off his shoulder, placing it on the pile. DJ initially resisted; then conceded defeat. Seeing Ley momentarily turn away from them, Heinz picked it up and handed it to DJ inside the CRV. That done he distracted Ley until DJ could stash it inside.
“Are you done with my calculator?” Heinz asked.
“I’ve not seen it for several days, Commander. Hopefully it is not lost.”
Once everyone was seated and belts fastened Ley and Schiller stowed the personal kit and two smaller than usual O2 bottles away behind the rear seats missing, apparently, the guitar.
There had been no ceremony about leaving Mars, Orion and their dead crewmates. Heinz had considered it, but rejected it for two reasons – 1/it would waste oxygen that in the end might be needed and 2/ those who felt the need to say goodbye to their dead companions needed no additional forced and formal words. And as an afterthought, 3/ this was not over.
Ergo, Ley shook Schiller’s hand and closed the door.
Each CRV had a single common radio channel for the crew and passengers and on that Ley informed them to make sure their headrest was positioned correctly as the G-forces were going to be high.
“How high?” someone asked innocently. “Over?”
“At least eight at takeoff. Then two for about one minute.”
Ouch!

***
While waiting endlessly for takeoff Heinz went over his last conversation with Smirnov, which, while it had been short had interfered with the work of Ley and the navigator on the Russian ship who needed comm time to pass back and forth very long lists of numbers and appeared - and sounded - restless. 
They had exchanged pleasantries, advised each other of their readiness, expressed their hopes for a successful outcome and so on. 
Ley had actually drifted away in the interim. 
It ended in a manner that both surprised and pleased Heinz but that he was certain Ley wouldn’t have fully understood.
“Well Oleksandr, I guess I’ll see in a few hours, if all goes well.”
“Yes, Henry. I await your arrival with eagerness. We have much to speak of.”
“Yes. Until then.”
He was brought back to the moment by an explosion, a punch on the chest and face, everywhere in fact, and once again, blackness. So long Orion. Here’s hoping.

CHAPTER 29 – WELCOME TO OUR WORLD

Day 204 (cont’d)

Science Editorial from the San Francisco Re-Examiner
(12 Dec 1970)
Orion Spacecraft Fate Unknown

Yesterday a press release from the USAF’s Space Expeditionary Force advised that there had been no contact with Orion for several days. The last message received had advised that all was well, that injured crew members were recovering and they had commenced their surveying of Mars for minerals, water in the form of ice and materials capable of supporting the mission. IEF suggested that interplanetary communications were intermittent at best and that the lack of communications might be due to nothing more than the misalignment of the ship’s antennas or an equipment failure. Here’s hoping!

***
One could get tired of this punishing treatment; this getting knocked about and out during interesting and possibly critical events in space travel. Well, Heinz was already there and had no desire to make a career of suffering. Still, it was the price of getting home.
He came to, not the first of them to do so, but in the middle. Whether Ley was essential to this at any point was unknown to Heinz, but at least he was awake before him. But who flipped the switches if you stayed blacked out?
That he had not been out very long was obvious; the engines were still firing and he was still being pressed into his seat.
But not for long. When the engine stopped it was like he was thrown forward, and then that falling feeling set in again, always initially at least unsettling and something which, at least for him tended to override all other feelings and emotions. In a few moments everyone was back and watching anxiously, silently.
Except for, “Well I guess I won’t need a seeing eye dog afterall.” Swinemar!
He wished for a private radio channel to the Pilot to satisfy his anxious curiosity.  Are we OK?

***
To Ley and Schiller orbital mechanics seemed to be an endlessly enjoyable numbers game. Heinz had watched them spend countless hours hunched over a table, slide rules in hand, calculating things, the end result of which was a bunch of numbers that set things, things like start times, angles, firing durations and stop times and so on and if everything went as planned on paper you showed up where and when you were supposed to. What could possibly go wrong?
But then, as he had learned the hard way, a course set on a ship’s helm never got you where you aimed. Even if it was only two or three hundred yards such as when you were moving a ship to pick up a mooring or go in alongside a slip, stuff interfered – wind, tidal currents, river mouth currents, even the effect of the screws turning combined to make it a lie. Longer distances were affected by compass error, ocean currents and of course, the wind. Skill and knowledge of the characteristics of the ship was required. He didn’t have it, but the helmsmen did, usually. Or soon did.
But in space you didn’t have these things. Or so he had thought. One evening in the Mess Hall, a few countless days ago Ley had set him straight.
In response to his ‘would this work as expected question’ Ley went into science reporter mode, “Of course it will and this is not based on hopeful reasoning Commander. We know it will because a series of successful tests was conducted.”
“The CRVs have been tested?”
“Not these ones, but similar vehicles have. Besides, while numbers never lie, chemistry and measurements do. In this case the ships engines put out a force that is calculated from estimates that are often quite different than actual results. The speed of the planets, moons and indeed our Russian friends has been determined from radar measurements. There is a limit to the precision of these measurements, so in the end some things are just, as you Americans say, ‘ball-parked’.” 
Heinz let that pass.
Ley continued, “On Orion the power of each bomb varies by close to five percent, up and down. Not much and not even a factor unless in use all of them are that much lower. Or higher. Then the numbers are going to be wrong and actions such as altering the burn time must be done. For the CRVs we are dependent upon the accuracy of calculations and tests that were done on Earth. Yes, the numbers never lie, but reality makes them change their story. However, for this flight there is no thermal thicket.” Ley chuckled. Heinz did not get it.
“So how do you know if things are right? How will we know if we will RV?”
“Well, if you have the equipment to know these things and the capability to adjust, you do it.”
“Do we have it onboard the CRV?”
“No radar but we have the use of the manoeuvring thrusters. Though I must advise that they are not particularly powerful ones. Our Russian friends will provide us with radar information for our approach.”
‘So practice makes perfect?”
“Well, in truth, to be effective practice must simulate every possible error or bad result and be repeated until the pilot’s response is automatic. Landing an aircraft is complex, but easily done by a practiced hand, until something goes wrong. ”
“Sound like a job for a computer.”
“No computer can do the things the human mind is capable of.” 
Heinz was both glad and unhappy he had not continued that discussion. It was not, to coin a phrase – ‘comforting knowledge’. Ego his current anxious curiosity.

***
Mercifully Ley soon came on and announced that the Tars Tarkus, a name that possibly resulted in more rather than less anxiety, had achieved orbit. Which one were they on? Heinz hadn't noticed, nor apparently had any of the other passengers.  That Ley followed that up with word that Gozava too had lifted off settled that doubt.
“It seems we will achieve rendezvous within the next five hours. Please keep a lookout until then.”
There was little to do and the common radio channel made everyone able to hear anyone’s words, inhibiting things a bit. And keeping a lookout was impossible for most – no windows.
Finally Heinz decided enough time had passed and he asked Ley if it was OK to remove their helmets. After a pressure check it was deemed OK, but not before someone said, “Check the smell when you open up. If you smell something like blood, I’d put it back on.” Swinemar
No one had yet called out a warning, so he continued.
There was a noticeable metallic smell, but in discussion with his seatmates it seemed it was safe. There was apparently a really unmistakable odour when there was a dangerous amount of the Martian dust about.
“Like slaughtering a deer,” someone said. Well that helped.
It went on down from there. 

***
Ley advised Heinz that he was in touch with the Command Deck as he called it, of the Russian ship and that they were registering as 10 nautical miles behind on their radar and rising up slowly from below. He believed they would be there within the hour.
He floated up forward to take a look. Nothing could be seen of the ship yet. Here in space, unlike from the surface of Mars, the full universe of stars could be seen clearly and while an astronomer or even an amateur star-gazer might have been able to pick out the ship against the background of the constellations and individual stars it was too much and too many for him and the others. It was complicated by the lack of a familiar horizon to help orient oneself. Heinz returned to his back row seat. 
Minutes later Ley called out and pointed a gloved hand out the window. Only he and the first row could see anything that was directly ahead of course, but he was soon validated by a couple of ‘holy shits’, which put an end to all doubt. It eventually crossed from above to just ahead, giving everyone a view, if only momentarily and partial.
Scale was difficult to judge in space due to the absence of things like trees, buildings and faces but it didn’t take long to assess the size of the Russian ship. It was big; reportedly as long as Orion.  From a couple of miles away it could be clearly made out, even against the stars and the now visible Martian horizon.
 Heinz wanted to query Ley about a number to things, but could not. And number four was how had he not ended up in the first row? It was totally unnecessary to the mission, but it just seemed wrong. And he was missing a really cool thing; a thing that was unimaginable to most humans.
Then Ley called out, “Put your helmets on.”
That he then called out numbers on the common channel helped: 500 meters, three meters per second; 400 meters, three meters per second; until at 200 the CRV shuddered as the forward thrusters kicked in. By then numbers had been supplanted by Ley’s eyeballs and his best guesses. Audible ‘p’zzts’ indicated he was using the manoeuvring jets; there was little other way to tell.
Not having been a party to any discussion of Ley’s with the Russians, Heinz was as in the dark as anyone about what was going to happen. Slowly they drew along the starboard side of the Bolshoi Korabl, an act that further reinforced how large she was. With a final ‘p’zzt’ from the forward thrusters, they came into a stop.
What next? Well everyone floated forward to the front window.
Ley advised that just matching speed was not enough. Each movement of mass - aka people jumping over - from the CRV would induce a lesser but corresponding movement in the opposite direction. Not much, he insisted, but enough that the gap between the two would become too large in just a few minutes. So much for coolly and energetically jumping across the gap.
The Russians, he informed them, had foreseen this. 
There was a thump, followed by another thump and moments later a suited figure waved a gloved hand at them as he drifted past the front windows.
Ley then advised that the Russians had attached lines to the fore and aft of the CRV. When told he was to open the door and one by one, in groups of four (due to the small size of the Russian ship’s airlock), they were to do a hand over hand pull to the ship on another line. He would go last and help the Russians cast off the CRV.
It went as planned.
When Heinz stepped out the door and pulled himself across he saw two men holding onto the port wing and tail with heavily gloved hands; to steady it, he assumed.
The walk in space was brief and with his attention intently focussed on holding onto the rope, he saw nothing else; nothing of the ship itself but a brief left-right glance that told his uneducated eyes nothing.
The airlock was small and of course empty when he arrived. He watched Ley pull himself over. Together they watched the two crewmen release the lines holding Tars Tarkus to the Bolshoi Korabl. Then, in a coordinated effort, they pushed her away.
That done, the two Russkie crewmen would remain outside until the ‘Big G’ arrived.
The Tarkus was doing a lazy flat spin and moving away slowly. The access door being open, she didn’t look particularly spaceworthy. Heinz’s feelings upon seeing her nonchalant good-bye were mixed. Surely there should have been a way to preserve the CRV’s for future use by someone, anyone? Ley read his mind and commented that given this high orbit she was here to stay.
And that was that. They were cycled through into the Bolshoi Korabl.

***
Heinz had of course thought much about this moment, this face-to-face meeting with Smirnov.  He had made himself believe that unless the entire Russian effort to date had been a subterfuge they would be guests aboard this ship. He thought not but could not for some known reason entirely dismiss the possibility of some form of deception.
He decided that at least for himself, he would go with tradition. He removed his helmet and pulled his Navy cap from his kitbag. He put it on, wishing momentarily for a mirror to get the tilt just right.
The interior door of the airlock opened and to his astonishment and momentary horror he saw his men, all of them, with their arms raised above their heads, facing a line of Russians. But it soon became obvious that as were their Russian counterparts occasionally doing this too it was for no other reason than to keep themselves on the deck during the meeting. 
There at the head of the Russian line was a Russian Air Force officer, a lieutenant colonel, undoubtedly Smirnov. He relaxed a bit.
Heinz turned to the stern of the Bolshoi Korabl. As expected, there, mounted to the wall was the flag of Soviet Russia, red, emblazoned with the hammer and sickle. Heinz raised his arm in a salute.
That tradition fulfilled he floated over in as dignified a manner as he could manage to the Commander. Again, he raised his arm in salute. Smirnov returned it.
“Lieutenant Commander Heinz, Royal Canadian Navy, request permission to come aboard, sir!!” 
“Ot imeni rossiiskix VVS. Welcome aboard Lieutenant Commander Heinz.”
He grabbed Heinz’s gloved hand and shook it firmly, though Heinz could not really tell.
“And all of crew.” He looked them over.
“Dobro pozhalovat. Welcome to…welcome to our world. You are our guests.  More than that, you are brothers-in-space. Welcome. When others of your crew arrive each will be taken to quarters and shown about Bolshoi Korabl. Most of crew know some English.” 
He turned back to Heinz, “You speak no Russian?”
“No. None. I have one Master Seaman who speaks some. He has been communicating with you and your navigator. Plus my two scientists, Doctors Ley and Schiller possess a working level, it seems.”
He introduced Dr Ley to Smirnov, “Lieutenant Colonel Smirnov. May I present our chief mission scientist, Doctor Willy Ley.”
“Excellent. Welcome aboard Doctor Ley. I have heard much good about you. Welcome to the Bolshoi Korabl.”
Ley appeared to hesitate an instant, and then nodded in greeting, but before he could muster a reply, from behind the Russian line a voice called out, “Mein Gott. Willy. Bist du es?”
Ley released Smirnov’s hand and moved to look behind the Russians.
“Werner. Bist du es? Nein. Nien. Es ist nicht möglich.”
Heinz had a feeling this was going to be interesting.

***
Gozava arrived a few minutes after Tarkus had been pushed off and not without incident.  The forward thruster had malfunctioned at the most critical moment - the final pushback needed to match speeds. Fortunately, as Schiller later related, the alignment had been correct and the speed differential not too great.
At considerable personal risk one of the Russian crewmen had pushed off the side of the ship and with line in hand had managed to snag the port wing tip as it floated by at what Schiller had estimated was less than one meter per second. As a result though it had spun about and struck the side of the Bolshoi Korabl, nose on. The impact was heard by everyone inside and felt by those standing on the deck, garnering some concerned looks, but there was no corresponding alarm or emergency.
The other crewman had then pushed the nose back out and she was tied off at the bow and stern.
No one was injured, including the Bolshoi Korabl - except for a small dent - but the Tarkus’ passengers, somewhat ruffled by the experience, had disembarked in what CMS Harvey later confided to Heinz was ‘an undisciplined manner’. 
Gozava had then been likewise disposed of by pushing her away into space by hand.
Regardless, by the time they had cleared the airlock and made their way onto the deck, a somewhat crowded deck now in fact and joined the others, it was over.
Salutes and handshakes were exchanged. However informal, this was a formal meeting. 
Heinz introduced the CMS and Dr Schiller to LCol Smirnov. Harvey saluted, received a return salute and a handshake from Smirnov. Schiller was pulled aside by Ley, who drew him over to meet someone to whom as yet Heinz had not been introduced. From Schiller’s face it was apparent he too was astonished.
Smirnov welcomed the new arrivals and asked that everyone to pair off so that his crew could find them quarters. “Introduce yourselves,” he advised. “You are sharing very small space. And we have only one toilet!”
The Russians, many with stern faces, grabbed hands and offered names as ordered. Heinz noticed that some of his crew too were uncomfortable, stern faced, holding back. Understandable. 
But so far no fist fights or knives thrown. Or guns pulled.
But there was a game changer at work here. There were portholes, in fact many portholes on this deck, a thing which had apparently complicated (or simplified) the meeting process. The Orion crew had taken up positions and all eyes fixed on Mars, were resisting moving, just yet. Some Russians had joined them and were pointing fingers at the surface below.
It took a few moments to clear the space, but eventually they had no choice, blended in and somewhat noisily, moved down into the ship. Above it all he heard the unmistakable sound of laughter from Swinemar. Of course.

***
Heinz, CMS Harvey and the two doctors remained. Smirnov introduced his own ‘Botsun’, or in English, ‘Bosun’, pleasing Heinz with the term. More salutes were exchanged.
“Lieutenant Colonel Heinz, meet our scientist, Doctor von Braun.” They shook hands all around.
The name meant nothing to Heinz, but it did mean something to Harvey who shortly later explained to him in private who von Braun was. Apparently the question of which German scientist the US would enlist after the war ended and things had settled down had been a choice between Ley and von Braun. Details were sketchy, the CMS inferred, but it had been many years ago. Later the US had come to believe that von Braun was dead; that he had been killed in the atomic attack on the Ukraine.

***
A very happy and animated Dr von Braun took Ley and Schiller away, leaving Smirnov, Heinz and the two Bosuns alone on the deck. The Bosuns soon headed off on some mission of their own.
Smirnov gestured for Heinz to follow him, going in the opposite direction from the others to a central stairway that on Earth would have led upwards and downwards which coincidently looked amazingly similar to the Orion’s. Same supplier? Or architect?
“Made in England for cheap. For rich man’s house.”
Smirnov gave him a quick tour, “That was observation deck with airlocks, two. Below is crew quarters and dining place. All will take meals there. This is science deck for mission scientist.” 
The doors were closed.
They arrived at what was not the top deck but as on Orion was as high as it got. There was no one there. In fact there had been no one about anywhere doing duty.
 “This is the Command Deck. Control of ship is from here. Also my quarters. And, if you agree, can be yours.”
“Of course.” How could he not agree?
Smirnov pointed upwards. The stairway led up to a dark space, with the hatch closed. “To mission radars, safety equipment, spare electronic equipment. They tell me.”
“I see.”
There were three tilt-back chairs with headrests facing computer terminals, a couple of radar CRTs and various radio communication systems, the sort of stuff you’d expect, but things being written in Cyrillic all the labels were incomprehensible to Heinz. But they would be frequency tuners, CRT brightness knobs, RF gain pots, volume controls, PA systems, etc. How could they not be? Tech was tech. Even in space. Even Russian space, apparently.
Off to the side was what was obviously the Commander’s Ready Room, a label over the door, again in Cyrillic, advising of such.
They went in. As with Orion it was sparsely furnished, but there were two cots, two chairs and two desks. Heinz looked about and Smirnov noticed, “I was to have Executive Officer, but did not show up in time for launch. Was Army fool! In Ukraine. For holiday.”
“I have a story to tell of my own,” Heinz replied.
Smirnov laughed. “So I hear. We are read US paper stories over radio and have friend who told us story of Orion. I look forward to hearing your tale, Henry. May I call you Henry?”
“Yes. Of course.”
“And name is Oleksander. Alek is better. At least in this room. You get?”
“I get it.”
His face tuned serious.
Of course, Heinz thought. Here we go. Where else was there to go but serious? It seemed already that this turn had taken too long. Still, it did not go as Heinz expected. Or feared.
“I am glad we were able to assist. I do not know true mission of Orion but I was told, by you perhaps and your radio man, that the Mission Commander, Colonel Edwards? He died in landing? Is one thing to die in war, to die in bed, much other to die in space. You know of what I speak?”
“Yes. And 12 more. Half the crew.”
Smirnov shook his head, “Sad. Very sad. Tragediya. Well. You must share with me the story. Or not, if you must choose. But no more will die if we can help. It is not like Earth, this space mission. Henry, we need to work together to get home. I will share my knowledge with you of this ship so that,” Smirnov paused momentarily, “It is difficult to speak of this, but if something should happen to me you may command this ship and get our men home. You may be my First Officer?”
Heinz was shocked at this unimaginable thing. They had just formally met not an hour ago and in some parts of his mind, had not yet finished the essentials. 
It lined up with nothing he had expected. But this was different.
They could have walked away; they would have been able to walk away and leave them without censure, without guilt, but they had not. And regardless of how remote the possibility that Oleksandr was implying was, he could not either. But still.
“You would allow me to command your crew? You would tell them of this?”
“Order number 270 is no longer. I must tell. I will.”
Heinz had a moment. How could he not. Will they accept this? Well, we’ll see. And what was Order 270?
“Then I accept. But I hope my involvement won’t be necessary.” 
“I understand and hope so too. And I expect nothing to be revealed about your ship and mission. I read morning papers and papers never tell lies.”
It took a moment but they both laughed over that. Oleksandr pulled a couple of pouches out of a drawer. They were labelled in Cyrillic. For all Heinz knew it might have said ‘water’. Oleksandr said “Vodka. You drink Vodka?”
“Yes,” he paused. “Certainly.”
Oleksandr raised his bag and bumped it with Heinz’s. “To space.”
“To space.”

***
Heinz revealed to an interested Smirnov how he and the other Canadians had come to be on a USAF IEF spaceship. That was only the start. 
Due to the continuous consumption of alcohol, they could not avoid revealing the essential details of their prior lives and military histories to each other. 
Heinz had been in the Navy nearly 20 years and in that time had seen action in a number of blow-ups, including the successful American invasion of Cuba where Canada had provided naval support to American troops landing at the Bay of Pigs, the seizure of the islands of St Pierre and Miquelon from the French and a number of humanitarian relief missions following the massive earthquakes that devastated the Caribbean islands of Haiti and Dominica in the fifties. What he did not speak of was his participation in the failed NATO effort to repel Russian forces by landing troops at the beaches and ports of the Crimean Gulf of Shyroka.
Smirnov, it turned out had been in the Russian Air Force nearly 25 years and in that time had seen action in a number of blow-ups, including the American invasion of Cuba where Russia had provided air support to the Cuban Communist government against the invading forces, the unsuccessful invasion of Finland and the successful but temporary seizure of Afghanistan. What he did not speak of was his participation in the successful annexation of Crimea including his involvement in the air attacks to repel NATO forces in the Shyroka Gulf.

***
Later when they had sobered up a bit Smirnov gave Heinz an Executive Officer’s level tour of the Command Deck.
The equipment was of course largely incomprehensible to him just as had been much of Orion’s. The engines were however liquid fuelled and their flow was metered and adjusted from a position that was manned at the required times by ‘Werner’, as Smirnov referred to him. Life support systems, solar power systems, radar and communications too were monitored and controlled from here.
But Heinz was drawn to something Orion had lacked to her greater detriment, namely the portholes. From four evenly spaced portholes the great wide open could be seen from anywhere on the Command Deck. There for everyone’s viewing pleasure was Mars. But how could you ever stay focussed on something as important as crew and meal schedules with Mars looking at you unceasingly from just over there? Or due to rotation, over there. Or there. Maybe it had been intentional? Smirnov drew him away from them to continue the tour. Damn!
When under power, he explained, the crew returned to their bunks. Essentially the Commander and Werner did it all from here. And as was the case for Orion, there were long periods of time when nothing happened. Heinz wondered about the crew size. He hadn't seen very many so far. Shifts?
“Was everyone present on the Main Deck when we arrived?”
“Yes. There are only eight of us. And some days that seems too many.”
“Have you had any problems on the mission?”
“Werner says that more fuel than expected has vented from the hydrogen tank. Not enough to create problem, but if we stay out here too long, of course it would be. Some communications issues. As if someone is jamming us. Our high speed message system does not always work. Much interference.” Smirnov smiled at that point. Yes. A joke for sure.
Heinz let that pass. Smirnov led him back to the Ready Room. They ‘sat’ in their respective chairs.
“When are we heading back?” he asked.
“When Doctor Werner has seen enough of Mars, I understand. In addition to radar mapping he has cameras looking at places of his interest. He has, how you say it? Debunked? Yes, debunked the face he has seen in Chryse Planitia. He says is not his father afterall. Is just a well-worn butte. He says he could spend years mapping and photographing surface of Mars. He wants me to allow him to change the orbit to allow to cover more of polar regions but I need him to calculate the fuel loss first. But to answer your question, I would say within a week. Planetary alignment waits for no one. So Werner says.”
Thinking of von Braun, Heinz reached into his personal kit and pulled out his Martian rock wrapped in Saran wrap.
“I have brought something from Mars. You may have it. Or perhaps if you think, your Doctor von Braun would find it of more interest?” Heinz unwrapped the rock. A small piece came off and floated away. 
Smirnov grabbed it.
“O, Bozhe moi! Werner will have heart attack! Is special in some way?”
“No, I don’t think so, though that’s not my field. I made three trips out, never too far from the ship and saw nothing but rocks like this. But it is a piece of Mars. Nothing but rocks, dust and craters. And lots of boulders to sit on. They said there was a woman behind every tree, but I didn’t see any. And not behind any boulders either.” 
Smirnov got the old Arctic traveller’s joke. 
“The last nuke blasts pretty much cleared the area of sand and dust. Still, I think the present condition of Mars tells a story. It has been a long time since it rained here.”
“Maybe frozen air rain? Werner will be happy to see this. Until he realises it has not been decontaminated. True?”
“Frell! Yes. It never occurred to me. The dust is a problem. If you smell blood on Mars and it’s not yours, you’re in danger of damage to your lungs. We have a lot of men with coughs, but it’s not an infection, the Doc says. I should have told you about that. You may have changed your mind?”
“Not possible. And by way, word in Russian is frak!”
“So maybe I should clean it up before he gets it?”
“Yes. I will explain to him the danger. He believes Mars may have lifeform that could kill Earth people. Bacteria? Virus? I think he would be glad to be the first to die from such a unique infection. And get it named for him.”
“Well, it is a gift and gifts should not result in pain. I’ll leave it to you to deal with it. If you’re OK with that?”
“Yes. Well, let us go to the Main Deck. I will bring it and give it to Werner. No ceremony. We shall see how real his fear is.” Smirnov paused, “But maybe we wait. Too soon?”
“Yes, too soon for me. OK?”
“Yes. Lots of time. By the way, what exactly is your special knowledge?”
“Radar systems and radar data processing.”
“Good. We have some problems with our radar.”
“Well, there are two radar technicians. I think they can help,” thinking of Swinemar and Desharnais. “Also a medical assistant, a HVAC system tech and supply logistics specialist.”
“Good. All good. Medical? Will be good to have them.” 
Smirnov paused a moment, “My friend, I will leave you alone here for now. I am sure you need to think of this. This is not a thing we are ready or trained for. Quite the opposite.”
“Yes. I am still adjusting to the fact that we haven’t shot each other.”
Alek laughed, “I am not surprised at you saying that. Part of me expected violence at your arrival. My crew were quite troubled when I told them of my plan. They will adjust, all of them, but it will take some time. You?”
“Yes. My crew have been through a lot. Deaths of crewmates and friends.  Stranded on Mars. And now this. Not what we signed up for. Or expected.”
“Not what any of us signed up for. Any of us. Still, we are here. We can do this. I will leave you now to consider this. I will be back just before last meal, in two hours?”
“Yes that will be good.” 
Smirnov nodded and left him alone in the Ready Room on the Command Deck of his ship. Trust?
Heinz was thankful for the time.  Yes. He had been right in being suspicious and fearful. However, if anything were going to go wrong it would have happened when the Russkies had them at their mercy, upon arrival. So. On to business.
And thanks the Gods for the Vodka. Much to follow, hopefully.

***
They joined the combined crews on the Main Deck, which as on Orion contained a Mess Hall, a Recreation Area and the Crew Quarters. 
Heinz learned that as the Exec had not made the launch date, Smirnov was the only officer on board. The other seven were referred to as Senior Sergeants, except for the Bosun or rather the Botsun as Heinz had been informed (again) who, as a Senior Warrant Officer was perhaps the Air Force equivalent of a Navy Petty Officer 1st Class.
Smirnov showed him about the deck. The Crew Quarters were bunk beds. There were hammocks strung which were going to be used for Orion’s crew. Once one managed to actually get in them they could be quite comfy, it seemed. They moved on.
The two Botsuns were sitting together in the Mess Hall and apparently involved in some discussion re personnel. They essentially ignored Heinz and Smirnov. Tables and chairs with seat belts were evenly spaced about and bolted to the deck.
But the room’s occupants were divided into Russians and others. The most obvious reason was language. Smirnov had said that most of his crew spoke some English but at this introductory phase that meant nothing. The Russians were bringing food and water pouches to the Americans (and Canadians) and that went well. Mackenzie was fully engaged in a discussion that was significant enough to require arm waving and finger pointing. Others were focussed on trying to re-master the art of eating and drinking in space.
All in all though Heinz had to admit that he had seen more negative interaction between two military teams forced to travel on the same bus to a hockey tourney.
Smirnov asked him quietly if he thought this would be a good time to speak to the combined crew about the idea of working together on the tasks of operating and maintaining the ship during the return voyage. 
Something told Heinz to say no.
They had been onboard for less than eight hours. They were still (some of them) feeling the effects of the return to weightlessness and though he knew nothing certain of what Smirnov had already told his own crew about the idea, Heinz knew that on his own side they were still getting used to just seeing Russians, never mind working with them. Some of them probably had expected to be in the brig. Or worse. And after all, there had been a mutiny, something that Smirnov did not yet know about.
“I think we should wait a few days. They’re just getting used to being here. OK?”
“Yes. Perhaps you are correct.”
Smirnov went over and got them some pouches and offered one food and one water to Heinz.
“What’s in it?”
“Bean soup. And water. No alcohol on this deck. Perhaps that explain the sadness I see on faces.”
“Yes. That could explain it.” He looked around the room more intently. Smoking was however, permitted.
The Canners were sitting on the border, as usual. Swinemar was talking tech to someone about what sounded like CPAC, a thing that possibly could or should have been out of bounds, but what the hell, theory was theory. Desharnais was moving his arms about in a fashion that said the discussion was about hockey. Later Heinz found out they were arguing about the introduction of curved sticks, a thing the Russian had obviously disliked, as did Heinz, but Desharnais thought was great. He wished he’d been able to give his two cents worth on that, had he known the topic at the time.
Still, there were people on both sides who ate silently, with head down and avoiding eye contact. Something that was not all that surprising. After the meal many of them stayed, perhaps a good sign.
Heinz looked around. The Bolshoi Korabl was, it appeared, fitted for space-mode only. It was probably too small in diameter to benefit from rotation.
Smirnov confirmed this, “Was considered but von Braun said no. Besides, why bring Earth with you?”
“How will you re-adjust to Earth’s gravity when you return after such a long time in space? Is there a plan? And I guess we’ll have to deal with it too.”
“We have exercise room with machinery, but I don’t use. Not yet. Some do and I cannot see any difference from me. But we have little experimental knowledge of this. There are many dangers in space. Radiation, for one. So we’ll see. Werner says we’ll see.”

***
Their meal finished they went up to the observation deck which was where they had entered the ship. In this relatively open space Heinz was able to estimate the Bolshoi Korabl to be about 12 yards in diameter. This deck was perhaps just three and a half yards in height.
There were two air locks, with a large number of spacesuits hanging with helmets affixed. Some were undoubtedly theirs.
Around the hull were portholes, by count, eight of them. This feature was something which had been sorely missed on Orion.
In fact a number were occupied by Orion crew members presently looking at Mars, something which except for the few who had ventured outside while in space or looked though the fore and aft cameras they had been denied by Orion’s lack thereof. 
Mars occupied a large portion of the scenery. Heinz looked out at the planet for first time it seemed, seeing the valleys, gorges, rifts, and plains with their countless craters and was fascinated by the sight. If they’re going to send you out there the least they could do is let you see where you’re going!
He noticed that the ship was slowly rotating and wondered if it was by accident.
“No. Doctor von Braun has equipment set up at different locations and needs rotation, and of course radars scan the surface?”
“Yes. I see.”
Yes, Orion was big; immense by any standard, but much of it was hidden from view.
He looked around. On this deck there were chairs bolted to the deck with reading lamps likewise affixed. There was a projector and screen, much like the Orion Main Deck Recreation Area. And attached to opposing walls were weird, seemingly out of place wireframe constructions that upon analysis could only be basketball nets. 
He asked, “Do your men play basketball on this deck?”
Colonel Smirnov looked at him as if he was a fool. “Yes. Of course. For hours. The noise is, what is the American word? Annoying? But it keeps them busy. And maybe it is a part of their fitness.”
Well this was something Heinz wanted to see. Sports could be put to good use to break the bonds of nationalism. Or if the Olympics could be used as a reference point in the discussion, a way to establish it.
“Do they play floor hockey?” Did Russians play floor hockey?
“Yes. With ball with holes? Is called Whiffle ball. Air Hockey is better name. You play?”
“I’m a goaltender. In ice hockey, too.  We talked. Remember? On the radio?”
“Is it you? Yes. Me too a goaltender. And Boris too. We have much to talk about. How do you feel about curved stick? I have had puck drop just as was reaching….” It went on into the night. And alcohol was again involved.

***
Day 205

The next day the two Botsuns, Heinz and Smirnov met in the Ready Room. The intent was to determine if and how the two crews could work together for the next three months or so and hopefully overcome the usual boredom and inevitable contention they faced. Heinz would have called it setting routines. Everyone present understood the necessity.
He had pulled Harvey aside before the Ready Room meeting started to get his thoughts on this.
“Not what I expected at all,” the CMS began, “I’ve been talking to their Botsun. Nice guy. We see eye to eye on a lot of things. And it’s funny you know, he has the same opinion that I do of this generation of kids. They just don’t get it. They’re pretty slack. I mean the BK’s Bridge is not even manned and not just because they don’t need to. They just slacked off. They voted on it.” BK? Already?
Heinz had wondered about this too but being on Orion with all of the uncertainties re the mission, the requirements of rotating the ship, his own insistence on training personnel to respond to emergencies, things had of necessity, been different. Dare he to suggest the same to Smirnov? No. He dare not. Wait and see.
“Well, you may be right, but I guess just being in orbit left most of them with nothing to do. But I guess we’ll see. Let’s give it a few days.”
“Sir.”
“I am more concerned with avoiding trouble. I have enough explaining to do without needing to explain a war in space.”
“Yeah. That could be a bad thing. Maybe when everyone relaxes, we can try that basketball game. Us against them?”
“Let’s raise that.”
So they discussed the work routines and Heinz mentioned as insipidly as he could that as his crew was still adjusting to the mission disaster, the death of their crewmates and their escape, they were perhaps not yet ready to work together.
Smirnov’s Botsun nodded assent. Smirnov picked up on it and agreed to a delay in presenting it to his crew.  It was, he said, going to be a long trip. When the topic turned to sports though everyone’s attitude changed. 
Smirnov had been thinking much the same thing, about starting a sports program. With the total crew compliment leaving out Ley, Schiller and von Braun being just 18 fit persons he proposed that they have a basketball league and a hockey league. Everyone would be required to participate. It was agreed that three teams would be better than two. There would be one US team, one Russian and a mixed team with all the Canadians on it. The two Botsuns would sort it out.
To Heinz it seemed that basketball was going to be tricky for everyone, but he had no doubt the Canadians would come out on top in hockey – even in a game made flaky by the Whiffle ball factor. And the lack of gravity? Still. Too easy.
But again, all agreed to let things settle down first.

***
Day 206

Rooming with the Commander of the Russian spacecraft generated mixed feelings in Heinz. As a military member he supposed it was supposed to. 
Afterall, there was a war going on of sorts - the so-called Cold War.
The Cold War was formally defined as ‘a period of geopolitical tension between the Soviet Union and the United States and their respective allies, the Eastern Bloc and the Western Bloc, after World War II.’ The term cold was used because there was no direct fighting; just through proxy wars and implied threats of military annihilation. The conflict was based around the ideological and geopolitical differences. Aside from the nuclear arsenal development and conventional military deployment, the struggle for dominance was expressed via psychological warfare, massive propaganda campaigns and espionage, far-reaching embargoes, rivalry at sports events and technological competitions such as, he supposed, the Race to Mars. Heinz knew this reality; he had participated in it on many levels; he had even taught it to serving men and officers and he was certain Smirnov had too.
And while he had not been taught to specifically ‘hate’ the Russians he, being of the race known as ‘humans’, could scarcely avoid this. 
It seemed to be instinctive or ingrained in human nature to fear and eventually, in order to justifiably hate them, to depersonalise the enemy – sometimes by referring to them as gooks, Limeys, Yanks, Nips, Huns, Chinks, Russkies and so on. And worse.
He recalled the paper targets on rifle ranges looking like everyone but a white Caucasian. By accident?
So, rooming with the ‘enemy’ was strange. And awkward.
CMS Harvey felt the same way, using the word ‘awkward’ cautiously. But he also said something that confirmed Heinz’s suspicions – the jobs required were the same and the crew’s reactions to being assigned a job were the same. Some got out of their chairs willingly or stepped forward and did it regardless of what it was, and some just sat, hem’d and haw’d and did nothing. Some, on both sides of this fence, just had to be kicked in the butt.
But in considering all this, the CMS had, he revealed to Heinz, asked himself upon their arrival, would he and the Orion crew be killed in their sleep? 
Probably not, he had decided, since they shared accommodations and had equal opportunity to do the same. And, as he pointed out, at their arrival they had not even been confined to a secure space. “In fact sir, they’ve given us the run of the ship, unaccompanied.” Interesting discussion.
And oh yes, Heinz mentioned that Smirnov had suggested that he was to take command should he be incapacitated. 
“What? No way?”
“Yes. I found it pretty weird that he would suggest that. But he did. And I have accepted. Seems the right thing to do. Let the word out to our guys. That is, if you think it will calm things down.”
That part the CMS found to be weird, but in truth he admitted, that very point settled for him the whole question of trust. Weird. A good word.
That first night Heinz had fallen asleep with these thoughts in mind, front, center and all around.
His last thoughts though were that it was more like the first day of a church summer camp – sleeping with strangers, all ten to thirteen years of age, some of whom looked like bullies, in a ‘cottage’, surrounded by the strange noises of a country environment. Oh well.
That Smirnov snored loudly was annoying, though.

***
Day 208

Several days passed over which Smirnov showed them about the entire ship and began to include him and Harvey in daily command briefings. They spend a considerable time on the Bridge. After two of these he began to see the similarities in how things were done, here and on Orion. 
The Bolshoi Korabl was functionally the same as Orion but much smaller and fitted out differently. It took a while for Heinz to conclude that ‘austere’ was a good description. That there were only eight crewmen on board made things quieter, somewhat less complicated and much easier to share the portholes. And as was the case on Orion, there was little to do once things settled down into routines.
In fact Heinz found life in general on the Russian ship to be less busy than it had been on Orion. From simple observation he was able it attribute it to several things: 1/ keeping the BK running was less demanding and 2/ the smaller the crew, the less management was required.
And perhaps less management meant fewer people to think up things to be done. He wondered if he could get Ley or Schiller to devise an explanatory hypothesis for this. They’d need to use their slide rules though; he had left his calculator somewhere on Orion.
By chance he met the two of them in the Mess Hall and got caught up.
Yes, this was the very Werner von Braun they had worked with on rocket and jet projects during the war. And yes, he had been captured by the Russians, but unlike Ley, they had found an immediate use for him designing long range missiles that could be launched from silos and the backs of vehicles. And he had barely escaped the bombing in the Ukraine which it was widely believed had resulted in his death. And that of a 100,000-odd others. He had been called to Moscow just the day before to discuss the possibilities for multi-stage missiles capable of reaching half-way around the world. He had lost friends, co-workers and loved ones in the attack. But his war was over too.
His work here was to assess Mars for a manned landing, something that was apparently still a few years off and to determine the capability of Mars to provide the fissile material and elements necessary to enable a self-sustaining colony - a mission quite familiar to them. Although von Braun claimed that this was a task that could never be completed from space with any real degree of confidence in the findings, particularly with the limited equipment available on the BK, the exploratory objectives of this particular mission would be completed in the next day or two.  And like them, he had expressed the belief that a manned landing with down-in-the-dirt exploration was the only way to do it.
When Heinz asked them how they thought von Braun would react to his offer of the Martian rock they were both flabbergasted that he had even brought it on board. Schiller suggested that it immediately be tossed into space from the airlock, “In the event it has some unknown lifeform that may prove deadly to us.”
Predictably, Ley laughed at Schiller’s suggestion and reversing course 180 encouraged Heinz to give it to von Braun personally and even suggested they set up a formal occasion on the Command Deck for this to be done, but in the end suggested he keep it low key as von Braun was as he put it, ‘a nervous type person’.
“He may react poorly as Karl supposes, but I think he will get over it. He’ll see it for what it is.”
As an aside Heinz asked the two of them how they would assess the mood of the Russians and of their USAF friends.
“They are distrustful and some are fearful, on both sides of the table,” Ley offered. Schiller nodded in agreement and added, “They are too much soldiers of their countries and not enough citizens of the same planet.”
But Ley capped it, “Well. Some are not, but some are. Let us see how that plays out over the next couple of months. Sometimes all it takes is a crisis to bring enemies to friendship. Perhaps friendship in space will bring peace below, to all.” 
Oh great, Heinz thought. Foreshadowing!

***
The gifting of the Martian rock to Dr von Braun took place the next day. Heinz had taken the precaution of washing it in a jug of water and to his surprise there was sufficient dust of the ‘exploding’ kind left in cracks, etc to pop the lid off, which led to a few interesting minutes trying to recapture the droplets with a towel. It smelled thereafter to Heinz like any wet rock found anywhere.
Drs Ley and Schiller, with Smirnov and Heinz watching explained the goings-on to von Braun. He had a puzzled look on his face. This was unexpected, obviously. 
When Heinz presented what he called ‘a piece of Mars’ to him von Braun at last got it. Heinz unwrapped it and passed it to him. He rolled it over carefully and lifting his glasses, studied it intently. 
von Braun, who evidently was not noted for his humour carefully picked at it with a forefinger and approaching Ley, wiped a non-existent piece of dirt on his shirt collar. Then he and the others roared with laughter. “Danke, mein Freund. Danke”
Ley said something in German that few caught, “Ich muss anfangen, ein Buch zu schreiben, mein Freund.”
And that was that.
***
Day 210

The long awaited day arrived. Dr von Braun, aided by Ley and Schiller had gone over the figures ruthlessly and finally set the date, time, craft attitude, engine power level, burn time and a host of things meaningless to any but themselves.
As Orion had been, the Russian ship was inspected for loose objects etc and once the two Botsuns had inspected every nook and cranny had been given thumbs up.
Thirty minutes before the engine start time everyone was sent to their quarters. A PA countdown to zero commenced.
Smirnov and von Braun took their positions. Heinz filled the vacant third seat to watch the proceedings. At the precise moment give or take a second or two von Braun flicked a switch and with a steady rumbling the engines fired.
Heinz had been told the g-force would be approximately 2.3, but he had to confess he couldn’t have judged. However, he did not pass out.
It was not unbearable. Almost pleasant in fact. He had a feeling that unlike the sea where he soon adjusted to the motion, he was never going to be fully comfortable in space. It just drew upon to many instinctive fears, particularly of falling. After a while the engines stopped and that feeling returned.
von Braun did a few calculations and announced something in Russian over the PA. The cheers emanating from below that echoed up the stairway conveyed the obvious; they were on their way home. 
Smirnov made a joke in English, “I’ll drink to that! And not a moment too soon!” They headed down to the Mess Hall, leaving von Braun to his work.
On the way they stopped at the Observation Deck getting there not a moment too soon to be the first to get a view of the Martian horizon sliding out of view.
“No cameras?” Heinz asked.
“Only for the science image taking. Portholes are cheaper.”
A thought occurred to Heinz – did any of his crew have a camera onboard? Silence. Tact.
They watched. It did not take long before Mars was gone from their view. By then every porthole had been occupied.
On the Mess Deck things seemed to have lightened up. Conversations were going on all over. There were still loners; on both sides, but that was nothing unusual.
So, there’s nothing like summer camp to break the surly bonds of nationhood.

***
The journey back to Earth was to take four months for some reason Heinz did not understand although Schiller, Ley and von Braun sans slide rules had spent a considerable amount of time trying to it explain to him. He just did not seem to ‘get it.’ Something about Holman transfers and delta V? 
A frustrated Heinz threw it out, “I hate calculus!”
Ley responded, “Everyone needs an understanding of calculus, whether they like it or not.”
“Why?”
A miffed Ley remained silent.
Smirnov had tried too but even his simplified approach did not seem to register with Heinz.
Regardless, at his current level of service that knowledge was not required. That is what the scientists had been put on board both ships to do. One day perhaps calculators would replace slide rules and computers of much greater capability would replace them all, even the scientists. But not yet.
The radar mapping and photography information was made available for Heinz to see. The radar data consisted of numerical tables indicating the position of the ship relative to Mars, the height, the relative strength and ranges of surface and sub-surface reflections at various frequencies and meant nothing to anyone on board, apparently not even to von Braun. The information was stored on magnetic tapes for analysis when they landed on Earth.
There being a ‘darkroom’ on board capable of functioning under weightless conditions the mission photographs were there for all to see. Some of the photos were in colour and when viewed seemed to be film strips, with successive images taken over hours. Particularly interesting were those done in high resolution, or as von Braun had put it, ‘zoomed in’ with a telescopic lens.
There were many interesting features such as an incredibly long and as yet un-named valley some 1200 miles long, up to 180 miles wide in places and according to some radar information nearly 20,000 feet deep. What had caused this enormous crack in Mars’ surface was open to speculation – meteor strikes, plate tectonics, etc - but only science could answer with any degree of certainty and for that down-in-the-dirt geological surveys would be required. And then there was that face thing, too.
Heinz spent hours going over the strips. One thing was certain to him after that: Mars was a hell of a lot more interesting from space than on the surface. At least the surface he had seen. However, as he had to keep reminding himself, while they had touched down on Mars, they had seen virtually nothing of it. It was like visiting Niagara Falls and believing that that was Canada, or New York City, the USA.

CHAPTER 30 – SETTLING DOWN

Oddly and unexpectedly, at least to Heinz, shared work routines quickly became the order of the day. The work of the Russian crew was to maintain radar and communication systems, life support systems including water and sewage, essentially what had occupied them on Orion. But the workload did not require three shifts. Or even two. Especially with the Orion crew onboard.
During a meal he and Smirnov ‘sat’ away from the rest. In response to Heinz’s query, Smirnov had informed him that yes, the crew was trained in emergency procedures such as loss of air pressure and fire but that was about it. The Botsun had set these things in place soon after they had left Earth and had occasionally run a training exercise. However, much of the difficult and technical work of steering the ship, the scientific research, etc was being done by von Braun. He offered the opinion that they could have done without at least three of the crew without consequence. But certainly not without Dr von Braun. 
Still, he added, their mission to orbit Mars involved much less risk than had Orion’s and suggested that landing the ship, exploring Mars and then taking off in the CRVs led to a host of high risk activities with a correspondingly chance of something going wrong. Seriously wrong. 
Heinz agreed.
Finally Smirnov asked him regarding the circumstances of the crash landing. He felt there was no harm at this point in their relationship in telling what were, afterall, now essentially ‘historical facts’.
“Doctor Ley used radar range and our speed to judge the timings for the bomb release.”
“Yes. But the time between bomb firings… or perhaps the inability to vary thrust would have made landing very difficult. A strong probability for mistakes…not the best solution to a difficult problem? Perhaps?”
“Yes. The risks were high. Doctor Ley kept the bombs going until she touched down, but it was probably what we call just a ‘best guess’.”
“Da!” Smirnov nodded knowingly. What pilot wouldn’t?
“Ley estimated we hit at about 60 knots. That doesn’t seem like a lot but still she hit hard enough to cause the collapse of the deck ceilings, the internal supports and the like. Everyone who was killed was done-in by falling debris and Lieutenant Colonel Edwards was one of them. Eleven all told. Half the crew. Fortunately the hull held together. The reactor and the life support system kept running. It could have been worse.”
“Yes. Luck, good and bad. Did bombs make area unsafe? Radiation? Did you have opportunity to explore the area around the ship?”
“The radiation was within acceptable limits. Ley said it all depended upon the timing of the last detonation. Meaning the height above the surface? And what the surface was made of too, I guess. We didn’t spend a lot of time outside, but perhaps we should have. I went out a couple of times. Doctors Ley and Schiller did often, but always just a short distance away. Regardless we really didn’t have any other choices so we didn’t stay too long outside. I think the mission would have…” Heinz paused, but was unsure why.
He fake cleared his throat, “Ahem, sorry. I’ve got a sore throat. The dust perhaps? But I think the mission was too short for anything much more but to win the race, jump off the ship, plant the flag, take a few pictures and leave to meet Daedalus in orbit. You need to be geared up to stay awhile and explore Mars.”
“Win race, you say? Is not strange that three countries start rocket programs almost ten years ago and arrive at Mars within weeks of each other? I have difficult time with this. It sounds like something like American Hollywood movie writers would make up.”
“Yes.  But at least they’d have half-naked Martian women climbing all over the ships. Or Archangels. Or man eating spiders. Or a combination of both!”
“Da!” They had a laugh over that. But wait. This wasn’t the fifties.
But Smirnov was right, it was odd. Heinz suspected that ‘loose lips did more than sink ships’. It sent rockets to Mars at the same time. Then something Ley had said to him about an ‘optimum launch window’ rang home. He never got to add that tidbit to the conversation.
“But Daedalus did not stop.” Smirnov returning to Orion’s mission. “There was much risk in your mission that relied on other country’s efforts.”
“No. You are correct. It was risky to begin with.”
“You know crew of Daedalus never spoke to Earth on any frequency we listen to. Much information was sent both ways but no voice. You heard them? They spoke with you? They must have. You were same team.”
“No.” Heinz paused and for some known reason looked around, “But I have been told that there is no crew on Daedalus. She is unmanned. She’s been on automatic pilot since leaving Earth.”
Smirnov gaped at him, “No! How can this be? Control from Earth is not possible. The time delay is too long. Impossible. You lie to me Henry. Or more likely possible, you are joke with me?”
“Ley knows. You could ask him. He believes Daedalus has computers much more capable than Orion’s.” Or perhaps Oleksandr’s?
Again Heinz felt on shaky ground. This was leading to the truth; but not yet. Yes. Too soon.
“Such a ship is not possible. Doctor von Braun spends much time doing his calculations for simple things like changing arrival time by just a few hours. Impossible, I tell you. At least for this time.” 
Smirnov had remained calm through this discussion, until Heinz’s revelation regarding Daedalus. Daedalus being unmanned had obviously upset him.  Agitated. Yes.
Intentionally Heinz had remained observant of the others in the room. Some of his crew were watching them and listening. And some of the Russians. He needed to end this, now, so he used humour. 
“Well Hollywood has made worse movies than your movie about Daedalus, Commander! Maybe the Daedalus crew couldn’t get themselves out of bed!”
“For to have sex in space one no need bed!”
Heinz laughed, got up and left for the Ready Room. Something to consider in the future? The negative effects of ship rotation?

***
Day 224

A few weeks later, while their considerate treatment so far by the crew of the BK  had, at least for him eliminated any possibility that the Russians would turn against them, Heinz was still quite uncertain how things were going to go when they returned to Earth. First step, identify your enemies.
He had not himself informed MSC that they were onboard the Russian ship and returning to Earth. He was not sure exactly what Teller had said to them but he believed with a high degree of certainty that MSC’s understanding was that the mission to explore Mars was proceeding. After the mutiny put the secure radios out of operation he had not tried to call in on the Recreation Area radios. 
But they were safe now and on their way home and no excuse would fly. It was overdue. 
In fact, when he focussed on it, it was long overdue. Negligent duty.
On a quiet day in the Ready Room, he felt he had nothing to lose and possibly something to gain by discussing this with Smirnov.
“Colonel? I need to communicate with Orion mission control and inform them we are returning on your ship.”
Smirnov had what was anywhere, a quizzical look, on his face, “I see. Of course. They do not know?”
“No.”
“What radio frequency do you need? We can perhaps tune to it or if not, we can relay your message from our GC.”
“I’ll check with Master Seaman Mackenzie re a frequency.” 
Heinz paused, then dove in, “I’m wondering how this will play back home? I mean us being on your ship?”
Smirnov paused and frowned, “I am wondering about that too. I am surprised Henry you have not asked for this sooner. If I may ask, what is your control center’s understanding of the status of your mission?”
“They believe we are still on Mars, recovering from the accident. I don’t know if anyone has told them otherwise. I would have heard something from them if they knew. Except that has been impossible since we left Orion.”
“This is not good. They would expect you to communicate regularly if was possible.”
“Yes. I am pushing things by staying off net.”
“Yes. I understand your problem. But I must reveal something you do not know that we might come to understanding.”
Oh, oh. Strange words, Heinz thought. “Yes?”
“I was ordered by my Commander to leave you behind. I acted on my own. They do not know you and your crew are on board Bolshoi Korabl.”
If Heinz had been sitting in a chair he would have thrown himself against the back. He was not surprised that the politicos would demand this. But he was surprised that a Russian Mission Commander would disobey an order from his superiors.
“No! You disobeyed a direct order from your Commander?”
“Yes.” Smirnov looked about, down and back to Heinz. “When you first contacted Bolshoi Korabl I gave much thought to this. My first reaction was to refuse you without question. But I thought on this for some time. That decision was wrong. When I advised them about your need they ordered me to ignore your communications. I could not do it. They are fools. They are not here. They are not us.” 
“But…”
“But in war I do as I am told. In peace? I do as I am told. In space? I am in command and I do as I think best, for my mission, my crew and my…” he paused, “my brothers in space. You would do the same?”
“Yes. Yes, I think I would. And I think Colonel Edwards would have too.”
“It is different here. It is not the same. It is not the thing we should do!”
“Yes. I understand.” 
These shared revelations changed things. They were both in shit. And they were going to need to understand how things had come to this state, for the sake of each of them.
Now Heinz had no reason to keep anything back.
“Well. I too have disobeyed my Commander’s order. But somewhat differently.” Here we go.
“Yes?” With ‘Colonel’s Face’ on, Smirnov listened.
“I have broken the mission order for Orion. Lieutenant Colonel Edwards told me as he died that one of the officers, a captain name of Teller knew all the details of the mission plan. Teller told me after we crash-landed that when our ground control center found out that the Bolshoi Korabl was on the way they ordered Edwards to land, regardless of the risks and the lack of a recovery capability. MSC said the new mission was to claim Mars and stay there to protect their… their interests. I just don’t know what or who to believe. And I have wondered if Daedalus was ever supposed to go into orbit. She may have never been part of the Orion mission.” 
“You did not know? The First Officer did not know the true mission? Very strange. Very wrong!”
“Yes. Even though I was his Exec, Edwards never told me any of this. I can only guess why. After he died I took command without knowing the new mission, the real mission. Captain Teller did not lie to me directly because I never questioned him, but he did not inform me of the real mission until it was too late. That was a failure on his part. I was his Commander. But perhaps he thought Edwards or MSC had told me.”
“Yes. He had duty to tell you no matter what consequences were for him. That is a failure on many points. But Colonel Edwards? How could he not?” 
Heinz had some ideas about that point but could not bring himself to share them. Not yet.
“When I found out these things I had a difficult time considering staying. I contacted the BK because I wanted options to just staying on Mars. But then…” He hesitated, “Then there was a mutiny.” 
 “A mutiny. Impossible!” 
 “The mutiny was against your command? Your decision to call us? To save them?”
“Yes. That is what I thought at first. But now I think now they acted to protect the mission as they understood it. Captain Teller was killed in the mutiny. He was defending my command. Two mutineers were killed too.”
“So. Your GC knows this not?”
“No. Not yet.”
“Then we are both in big pile of shit. Chert poberi. Da! Chert poberi!” And there ain't a shovel big enough in the world that can move it!

***
The discussion was not over. Both of them filled in the remaining details of their respective stories.
Heinz described the mutiny; how the mutineers had died, how Teller had in the end done his duty to carry out his orders, but had obviously been conflicted by Heinz’s decision to contact the Bolshoi Korabl and to even consider leaving Mars.
“In the end I think the mutineers rebelled against my decision to disobey the order to stay, not because I had contacted you. I was prepared to let them stay if they wanted to and told them so often, but I wasn’t going to myself.”
And in a moment of candour he revealed his belief that Teller may have been accidently shot. He recounted the story; the fighting in the darkness of the stairway, of Teller’s death and the outcome.
“The intended target may have been me.” He paused, “No. It was me.”
Smirnov shook his head in what Heinz assumed was disbelief.
“Better to believe he acted for you.”
“Yes. Better. But I find I am questioning, speculating about everything now. A lot.”
“I understand. And the dead never speak up...until it is too late.”
Smirnov then described how conflicted he had been upon receipt of an order that ran counter to all his values; to his very nature. It was, he said, even more difficult here and now to understand how he could even think to do this, this unthinkable thing; this brazen act of disobedience.
“Obedience is simpler than thinking, but not always something you can live with after.”
“Yes. Did you discuss picking up the Orion crew with your own crew?”
“No. I thought it was not necessary to convince them, so I just told them.” Smirnov paused, looked away, down and back to Heinz, “But I found that they were worried you might come on board with guns and take over Bolshoi Korabl. After all, it is said, ‘Americans do not surrender’. But I could not believe that.”
“I had the same thought.”
“Besides, they have spent long time looking at surface of Mars. It was not hard to make them understanding of you being stuck on Mars. If your crew had spent as much time looking at Mars as us, they may have rebelled against that order, too.” True. Too true.
“But more seriously, the BK crew? They accepted the idea?”
“Yes. But not quickly. Or quietly.”
There was a long shared silence. Then more talking.

***
Mutiny was something Heinz had never encountered in his training. It had never been discussed officially, anywhere. 
He had never heard it discussed in any mess he had ever been in either and it seemed that a lot of what ‘leadership’ actually meant had been learned that way – unofficially and informally. 
It seemed that mutiny was such a rare and unlikely thing that there was no point in discussing it. Unthinkable! 
And Smirnov had a similar story that he had gleaned from history. Kronstadt? Buntarstvo? The Purge?
In the end it came down to a simple fact – they had made command decisions and now they would have to face the consequences, as required by their nation’s military principles.

***
They decided that the sooner Heinz revealed the truth to MSC the better things would go for him upon returning to Earth.
First off, it was his duty - it was expected of a Commander to inform the higher-ups of changes in the mission. This was a given and he was already in a grey-tending-to-black area in this respect. No, he had clearly been negligent in not so doing this. Pitch black it was.
The reaction of the American command to this would help decide with what and when to inform the Russian GC of the presence of the Orion crew on the Bolshoi Korabl.
Mackenzie and his Russian counterpart Boris were given the job of setting up the UHF radio to comm with MSC. That turned out to be quite simple, at least initially for the Russians knew their MSC frequencies well; they had been monitoring the Orion comm freqs for quite some time. Surprise!
However, Heinz planned to use confusion caused by a lack of familiarity with the Russian radio equipment on Bolshoi Korabl as an excuse for not calling in sooner. If asked.
Mackenzie was to establish initial comms with MSC as per the usual procedures and then Heinz would come in.  Because the radios were not encrypted and everything spoken could be heard by anyone who was tuned in he would skip the details of the mutiny and only address the facts – the Russians had rescued them and they were on their way back, arriving in orbit around the end of July.
Then Smirnov would inform his GC of the fact that he had rescued the crew of Orion.  
Or maybe it should go the other way around? A topic for debate?

***
Heinz had difficulty theorizing how his own apparent disobedience would be received. He felt that he had a reason – he had not known the true mission until it was too late and had acted in the best interests of his crew and the mission as he understood it. And had not a dying Edwards instructed him to get the boys home? 
How it all would play out publically and in a military court he could not imagine. Heinz could not imagine, nor could he ask Smirnov.
Because Alek, it seemed to him, was in an even bigger mess. He could not guess how such blatant disobedience would be received in Russia. 
Yes, chert poberi about covered it, for both of them.
Part of him wanted to believe that both countries would see this as something positive; a thing that showed they both could set aside past differences for a common good, even if only for a while. But from reading history it seemed to him that while the world progressed, humanity remained pretty much the same. 
Therefore a part of him said they were both dead meat.
If the public knew the true story or even a less elaborate one with only the essential facts revealed, perhaps that could in the end influence the politicos who were always sensitive to public sentiment. In Russia though? A good question.
And getting it out to the public through either government seemed pretty iffy. He wished for a means to release the story through a backdoor to the American newspapers, but that just could not be done. 
But maybe there was an option that would keep the blame to where it belonged? Maybe.
Mackenzie had explained to him one day in the BK’s  Mess Hall that there were probably a lot of amateur radio operators – Hams they were called, listening to comms between all nation’s spacecraft and their respective GCs and unless encrypted comms were used, which was uncommon, it would be ‘in the clear’. In fact, a lot of the Orion crew’s contact with their families on the way out had been through Hams. It was therefore possible that Orion’s tale could be heard, exactly as he gave it. Hmm. 

***
Day 231

They met several more times specifically to go over the details and to make sure they had a complete understanding of the other’s point of view. It was difficult. 
Various considerations crossed Heinz’s mind. In the course of framing ‘his’ story for public consumption he had been forced to make a list of his questionable decisions: 
1/ he had left Mars against orders; 
2/ he had joined up with the Russkies in space without the permission of higher command; and,
3/ he had not immediately advised MSC of the situation. 
Fifty words or less was probably not going to be enough.
The more they reflected upon their actions the more they saw this thing, as Heinz put it, potentially ‘going off the rails’, an expression evidently quite well understood in the Russian military and in fact, in all universes’ militaries.
Regarding the idea of releasing it to the press through a back door, Smirnov informed Heinz that the press in Russia was very tightly controlled. But, he pointed, out there were many active Hams there too.
And unexpectedly he suggested that instead of them having separate communications with their respective GCs they should make one call to both GCs at the same time and make the announcement together. They discussed the pros and cons.
Pro was that this would force the two GCs to deal with the fact that the other side knew the same story at the same time. Then neither would be able to warp the events to their favour without having to consider that the same set of facts were known on the other side of the fence.
Another pro was that the time delay before any reply could be received from either ‘side’ would prevent them being interrupted or ordered to stop speaking. That was about it for pro.
Con was that they could be seen to be collaborating to avoid the consequences of their own disobedience to orders. That was just the beginning of the cons. 
They agreed that once they had been informed of facts there was nothing and no one to prevent both GCs and their politicos from issuing diplomatic and public announcements saying anything they needed to support their political ends. This was standard practice globally, even in ‘cold peace’ as Oleksandr referred to it. And he speculated that the politicos might collaborate to claim that the whole thing was, to coin a phrase, just ‘fabricated news’ staged by the other side to discredit or shame the other side.
Another con was that they were going down into Russia and the Orion crew might be considered political prisoners by the Russian politicos. At Heinz’s suggestion of this outcome Smirnov could only shrug his shoulders in ‘we’ll see’ mode. Half-jokingly he suggested that perhaps Oleksandr could claim that Heinz and Orion’s crew had boarded them in orbit and taken over the ship, under force.
“That story is not as ridiculous as it seems. It might work for you, but me? I think not.”
But his next statement surprised Heinz.
“They might take me and my crew as prisoners too.” What?
Surprised at this Heinz didn’t follow up on that reveal. Why?
With this rehashing they both came to the realisation that they were in trouble deep and that no one was going to side with them. Therefore that they were trying to save themselves was something that wouldn’t go down well on either side of the fence. That they were in deep and had to keep wading forward was clear.
The next big question was when to do it. A few weeks before arrival seemed best, perhaps providing just enough time for their respective GCs to digest the facts but not enough time to construct an alternative explanation that buttressed their positions.
Regardless, Heinz had to inform MSC of the situation. There were two obvious and pressing reasons: 1/ it was his duty to do so and 2/ the families of both the living and the dead of Orion’s crew had a right to know their fates and the circumstances. 
Smirnov considered this, “You could pretend to be on Mars still. Then just show up in orbit and explain all at that time?”
“Yes. That would work but it would be used against me. Just another failure on my part.” 
“Yes. You have been led with so many lies. And now you are worried about truth.” Yes. We are.
They went with sooner than later. And the truth.
That solved, picking a time that would work for them was problematic. They wanted both GCs to be fully manned, meaning no midnight calls, but the GCs were in Houston and Baikonur Kazakhstan and as far as anyone could recall were eight hours give or take a few apart. In some ways it seemed more complicated than calculating the return-to-Earth-orbit parameters.
Radio contact with the USSR was complicated by the fact that unlike the US which had listening stations spaced around the globe, the USSR had only two, at opposite ends of the country. So there was a relatively narrow window of opportunity.
They decided to solve this by recording their message and playing it repeatedly, starting at the best time for Baikonur. How would they know if it was received? 
Well, they decided, that was the least of their problems. Wait out.
But Smirnov had obviously thought this out. “It will go like this. Radio operator hears us, says holy shit! Calls supervisor who says holy shit!! Calls his boss who says, calm down and tell me again, followed by holy shit!!! Calls big boss who says, calm down and tell me again, followed by holy shit!!!! Then someone says tell them we’ll get back to them and in meantime are all to keep mouth shut.”
“When has it ever gone any different?” Holy mackerel! Call headquarters! Get the Lieutenant!

***
Getting the script written was further complicated by the fact that Heinz would do his in English and Smirnov in Russian and there was almost a certainty that the radio operators would not be bilingual. However, Smirnov agreed to do his in Russian and in English and to translate Heinz’s into Russian.
What they would say was simple: in addition to the fact of the hard landing and the deaths, Heinz would tell MSC that the survivors had used the CRVs to RV with the Bolshoi Korabl in orbit around Mars and were returning to Earth. Smirnov would tell his GC that they had RV’d with the Orion lifeboats in orbit around Mars and were bringing them to Earth. They made a tape of their messages and listened to it. After a couple of edits it was to the point, concise, and logical, and brief. 
They would play it repeatedly for the transit time and then wait.
Other details about who, what and why would wait for their respective GC responses. They could only imagine. Really.

***
So, after Mackenzie and Tretiakov had established comms with their respective GCs on a non-secure channel, the tape was played and repeated for 17 minutes. Heinz and Smirnov sat near the radio waiting. It went as Smirnov had predicted.
“Lieutenant Commander Heinz, this is MSC Houston. Understand you have departed Mars with all surviving members of the Orion Crew and are returning to Earth on board the Bolshoi Korabl. Please confirm, over.”
In Russian, translated by Smirnov, Heinz heard “Lieutenant Colonel Smirnov, this is Baikonur Cosmodrome. Understand you have departed Mars with members of the Orion crew and are returning to Earth. Please confirm, over.”
They confirmed their respective messages and waited 17 minutes.
“Lieutenant Commander Heinz, this is MSC Houston. Wait out.”
“Lieutenant Colonel Smirnov, this is Baikonur Cosmodrome. Wait out.”
They waited about 37 minutes.
“Lieutenant Commander Heinz, this is MSC Houston. Can you go to a secure channel? Over.”
“Lieutenant Colonel Smirnov, this is Baikonur Cosmodrome. Can you go to a secure channel? Over.”
Heinz replied that he could not. They waited 17 minutes.
Smirnov replied that he would go to a secure channel. They waited 17 minutes.
“Lieutenant Commander Heinz, this is MSC Houston. We’ll get back to you. In the meantime discuss this situation with no one. Over.”
Heinz replied that he would comply. 
The exchange with Baikonur took about an hour though the conversations themselves were brief.  Mackenzie listened in but told Heinz, “I think you’d better hear it from the skipper, sir.”
Smirnov summarised, “They are pissed at me. p'yanyy is better word. They will get back to me. In meantime I am to keep mouth shut.”
The radio was from then on manned continuously.
But it was three days before either got another message, but in the end both could be summed up as follows: “Safe return. More to follow. Out”

***
Day 234

It was several more days before Heinz was contacted by Colonel Asner over the insecure radio.  Despite the fact the entire world could be listening-in he insisted that Heinz empty the room of all personnel, Russian and American before the discussion took place. Perhaps he did not realise the world could be listening. Or perhaps rather, he did?
Asner expressed regrets that the crew had taken casualties and that Lt Col Edwards in particular had died. He asked that a full list be provided with the causes of the deaths for release to the public. He then informed Heinz that an investigation into the deaths and the circumstances surrounding them and the crash would be conducted. 
He made no mention of any plan for recovery of the crew from the Bolshoi Korabl. Nor did he comment in any way regarding the fact of them being onboard the Russian ship.
Heinz had roughly 17 minutes to prepare a reply. 
“I share your remorse at the deaths of my crewmates, Colonel. It is a disaster of extreme magnitude. Here is the list of names.”
He read it off slowly, ending with Teller and Edwards and giving blunt force trauma as the cause of all deaths.
Then he added, “We are being treated with respect and professionalism by Lieutenant Colonel Smirnov, the Commander of the Bolshoi Korabl and his crew. I look forward to returning home and participating in the investigation. There is much to tell.” He paused.
 It was a long way for a kick in the ass to be felt, but he had a feeling that there might still be one. Despite that he continued, “Other events happened on Mars that contributed to the deaths of my crewmates that I cannot discuss over unsecured radio. I will forward details by secure means when I have them. But I will say that we found no signs of surface lifeforms on Mars. I look forward to testifying at the investigation, Colonel.  I have some questions of my own to ask of you and others of the USAF IEF team. Many in fact. Heinz, over.”
Twenty-five minutes later, he got an abrupt, “Asner out.”
Heinz briefed Smirnov on the details of the discussion.
“We’ll see.” What else could anyone say?

***

Science Editorial from the San Francisco Re-Examiner
(28 Jan 1971)
 Orion Spacecraft Contact Restored

In a follow-up to the Orion spacecraft that landed on Mars on 10 Oct last year to conduct a survey of Mars for establishment of an American Base, the USAF Interplanetary Expeditionary Force’s (IEF) Orion Team Mission Commander Colonel Ira Asner announced today in a press release that contact had been re-established with the ship. The Orion crew are continuing their mission to explore Mars. Colonel Asner released the names of those killed in the crash which was caused by a malfunction of the rocket engine. Fully half of the crew were killed, including the Commander, Lt Colonel Steven Edwards, Captain John Teller and eleven others. Their bodies have been entombed on Mars.
Rest in Peace.
RIP

***
Day 236

Considering what had just happened and the weight of issues facing them, all of them the sports program started and once the newcomers figured the ins and outs of the games, friendly competition seemed to be a good and healthy way of fighting the boredom and excitement of space. And in helping one forget, even if only temporarily, what awaited them on Earth. 
There were a few pre-season exhibition games with lopsided wins by the Russkies, which led to a hasty meeting to clarify and modify the rules. Basketball, in which a player could float the entire length of the court and dunk the ball without being touched seemed a bit extreme, so they agreed that the ball must be passed at least three times before a shot was allowed and the shooter had to bounce themselves and the ball off a wall or a ceiling or floor at least once before shooting. This introduced enough confusion to equalize things, at least for a while until the technique was mastered, first by the Americans and soon by the Russians.
In hockey, the same rule could not be applied. The off-side pass rules were still in effect but icing was not since a missed pass inevitably went to the end of the ‘rink’. The Russians were already using curved sticks but not for the same reasons as on Earth. The puck was made of foam rubber with a small lump of steel in the middle. The nets were fabricated somewhere on the ship from plastic electrical conduit and potato sack netting stitched together. 
Heinz watched a couple of games before he concluded that hockey in space was more like jai alai. Then he joined in, but not as a goalie.
He insisted that safety goggles be worn, at least for hockey. Aaah, the joys of being Exec.

***
Whether the sports delayed it or caused it could not be discerned, but there were a number of ‘confrontations’ in the Mess Hall.  The first set the stage for the rest.
It happened during the evening meal between TSgt Vukov and TSgt York. While Heinz and Smirnov did not personally witness it, it evidently had started innocently enough with finger pointing, which rapidly evolved into offensive finger gestures, then to shouting abusive things. All pretty normal stuff. Then Vukov got up and yelled something in Russian at York, following which they exchanged punches, resulting in a split lip and a black eye, evenly distributed.
Had they yet mastered the art of fighting in space things might have gone poorly, but it was an easy matter for those who intervened, aka their respective Botsuns, to send the perps spinning harmlessly away.
They were ‘confined to quarters’ in accordance with the historical military procedures by their respective Botsuns, until someone informed them that they were actually already sharing a room. 
Military history may have at that point explained it all.
In the meantime each of them was confined to a separate room and investigations were carried out independently by the two Botsuns.
Smirnov and Heinz considered the appropriate disciplinary action. Both militaries had the same process – summary trials for lesser offenses and Courts Martial for more serious offenses. And mercifully both orgs recognised the benefit of administrative punishment over formal trials which handed out fines and slammer time, the formality of both etching the event forever on the member’s career record.
How to proceed was a good question. There were two oddities: 1/ namely this: a Canadian Navy officer as Executive Officer was to be the defending officer for a USAF serving member to be tried summarily by a Russian Commanding Officer on a Russian ship for striking a member of the Russian Air Force. And 2/ the Canadian Executive Officer was to be the defending officer for a Russian Air Force serving member to be tried summarily by his Russian Commanding Officer on a Russian ship for striking a USAF member. Both situations were a lawyer’s dream - a paid lawyer - and a CO’s nightmare.
Heinz sat down with the Botsuns and asked for their findings. It came down to a mismatch in assigning rooms. Neither liked the other. Both claimed that the other had annoying habits such as loud snoring, farting and burping loudly and a failure ‘to clean up after themselves’ - all things that were pretty much an everyday event and that in every military on Earth and in space invariably resulted in someone in authority just saying, ‘Dammit! Live with it!’
The Botsuns recommended kitchen duties (not on the same shift!) and reassignment of both to new rooms. Smirnov agreed and it was over.
Except that in the investigation the BK’s Botsun had checked their room and found a pistol. A Russian pistol.

***
That led to a discussion between Smirnov and Heinz concerning a number of things.
Smirnov informed a surprised but silent Heinz, “Is not supposed to be weapons in hands of crew.”
“We had weapons on the Hangar Deck and on the Bridge Deck of Orion. Pistols and rifles.”
“One I can see. The other not. There is no life on Mars. At least none that can carry weapons. True?”
“True, I think. The weapons were all locked up and to be issued when required. But the Bridge Deck having pistols for each officer and the Bosun is pretty much the norm, at least in the Canadian Navy. Having a dozen AR-15 rifles on a space ship though seems out of line. I asked Lieutenant Colonel Edwards about them and he said that Orion is a military ship. And then he said, ‘End of discussion’.”
“Well it makes no sense to me. Enforcing discipline is what we officers do. The other means us against them; whoever they are. You see?”
“Yes. Agreed. Do you have weapons on the Bolshoi Korabl?”
“Yes. In my room, in a lockup drawer. Nothing else.”
“Well. I have a confession to make to you. I have one. I brought it from the Orion. I will surrender it to you and if you agree, it could be placed in your lockup.”
“That is good.”
“I had to bring it.”
“Yes. I understand. I would have done same.”
“I almost brought some rifles.”
“I would have done same.”
“Not much faith shown on my part. But in my mind I had no choice.”
“You had no choice. Faith is fine in church and when someone is holding the ladder while you paint ceiling. But not in…in enemy.”
“True. Perhaps the Botsuns should check all the crew’s quarters?”
“Now that it is known, they will have been moved. Too big ship. Maybe this is time to have faith in our crewmates?”
“Yes. We’ll see.”
“Good words. We’ll see.”

***
In the end the fight was filed away as just a part of life on a ship under extraordinary conditions and something that served as an indicator of what kind of behaviour was unacceptable to the management. 
Other than that nothing much else happened on the return trip. The sports competition resulted in a number of minor injuries, a couple of ‘tussles’ took place of course and there were some suspected cases of cheating at cards. That led to some drink tossing, sudden table push-offs and angry words. It could have been a lot worse.
And a fire in the kitchen area was caused by a ready-to-eat mushroom soup can boiling over and into the air and onto and around a malfunctioning hot plate.
But let the official record show that after a slow start the US dominated basketball, the combined US, Canada and Russia hockey team dominated hockey and MCpl Swinemar dominated poker. 
Heinz attributed the largely peaceful atmosphere to a shared respect for the others. No one had signed up for this. Any of it.

***

News of the World
New York New York
05 Feb 1971

Headline – American Spacemen not Captured by Russians
An unnamed source in the federal government has informed News of the World that the rumor started by UFO fanatics about the crew of the American spaceship Orion being captured by Russians and being brought back to Russia is totally false. Fake, in fact.  Supposedly, these nut cases heard radio communications between the Russian space ship Bolshoi Korabl (which means Big S--t!) and government radio operators that claimed the Orion crew was on the Russian ship and was returning in the next few months.
The government source has restated that Orion’s crew is still on Mars and is establishing a permanent USAF station, conducting scientific research into mineral resources and looking for life on Mars. There are no immediate plans for their recovery, but it is possible using the Brit space ship Daedalus at some future date. According to our source the crew is ‘equipped to survive comfortably on Mars until relieved’.  The source further stated that the rumour could be to undermine the US claim to ownership of Mars by making it look like we quit. 
As if!!! 

CHAPTER 31 – THE ROAD TO BAIKONUR

Latitude 45.57.52N
Longitude 063.18.19E
Common Name—Baikonur Cosmodrome

Day 240

Anatoly Volkovsky put down the telephone and looked out the window to the grassy plain that surrounded the Baikonur Cosmodrome.
They had not been pleased with Lieutenant Colonel Smirnov; or rather they had not been pleased with his decision to allow the Americans on board the Bolshoi Korabl in contravention of his order. When queried by Smirnov about how to respond to the Orion Commander’s request for assistance he had given him a direct order to refuse to assist the Orion mission and to return to Earth as planned when the Bolshoi Korabl mission was completed.
Still, he had himself felt that his order was wrong.
He had given it because of his history, a history of naturally opposing others, of picking sides, of rebelling against those holding different beliefs and principles and most importantly, of his own personal hatred for the ‘other side’. History, his history, had told him what must be done. 
Upon that realisation, from habit he tapped his right hand knuckles on the table top, sharply. Three taps echoed.
But he knew that the order had been wrong.
For Smirnov to disobey it had been wrong.
One for sure, or perhaps both of them were going to have to pay a price. There had to be a way to make good of this.
Perhaps admitting to the bosses that Smirnov had done the right thing and that his disobedience was necessary and correct was a first step. The opportunity to embarrass the Americans and earn world-wide praise for Russia was possible. On a global scale this would be considered a good thing. But that was not in the end, his decision.
So? How to fix this? He needed a plan. He pulled his whiteboard over beside his chair.
The simple and accepted way was, as always, to formulate the story you needed, create irrefutable evidence to support the story, to convince everyone involved that it was in their best interests to adopt this tale, to announce it for public consumption and carry-on. 

This was going to take a few phone calls. Actually, many phone calls.

CHAPTER 32 – THE ROAD TO HOUSTON

Latitude 29.33.34N
Longitude 095.05.24W
Common Name—Houston Mission Center

Day 240

Ira Asner put down the telephone and looked out the window to the grassy plain that surrounded the Houston Mission Center.
They had not been pleased with Lt Commander Heinz; or rather they had not been pleased with his decision to ignore orders and leave the surface of Mars. And especially to join up with the Bolshoi Korabl.
Still, MSC did not know that Daedalus was never a real part of the Orion mission plan which was to land on Mars and establish a Base Camp. One had to assume that at some point after launch Edwards had made Heinz aware of the facts of the mission. 
That the Russians had launched a ship to Mars had been just a distraction.
Orders were orders.
He had given it because of tradition, a tradition of unquestioning obedience to the mission, to one’s leaders, no matter how little of it was understood and how great the cost. Tradition had told him what must be done. 
He tapped his right hand knuckles on the table top, sharply, from habit.
But he knew that the order had been wrong.
There had been paid a price for their obedience, a price affecting all of the crew. Now only he, Asner could pay a price. There had to be a way to make good of this. Yes.

***
So. How to fix this? He needed a plan. He pulled his whiteboard over beside his chair.
The simple and accepted way was, as always, to formulate the story you needed, create irrefutable evidence to support the story, convince everyone involved that it was in their best interests to adopt this version of the story, throw it out to the media for public consumption and carry-on.

He made a table:

P1 - Orion won Race to Mars and landed as per the mission dir (True - Public knowledge)
P2 - Daedalus did not stop - due to programming error - passed Mars (T – PK?)
P3 - Bolshoi Korabl chased Orion to Mars - went into orbit as per mission dir (T - PK)
P4 - The Brits reprogrammed Daedalus to return to Mars to rescue Orion crew 
P5 - Bolshoi Korabl upon returning – will off load her crew as per mission dir (T – PK)
P6 - All of Orion crew will stay onboard Bolshoi Korabl
P7 - Daedalus returned to Earth with crew
P8 - IEF/NASA ship or ships will off-load Orion crew
Factors
- no secure means of passing sensitive information to Heinz. (T, ?)
- to Russkies via CPAC (?)
- a story re Orion has to be told. Sham radio transmissions? To/from Daedalus? Sham news releases required 
- Brits will want to be compensated. NMP
- Russians will want to be compensated to keep quiet. NMP

This was going to take a few phone calls. MP
Heinz and the others. (NMP)

He wiped the board clean. Twice.
If only the Brits….

***
Science Editorial Article from the London Tower Times
12th February 1971

Editorial
A government source who insisted upon anonymity recently advised this reporter that our spacecraft Daedalus has at the request of the very President of the United States, Barry Goldwater, been redirected to Mars to recover the survivors of the United States Air Force Interplanetary Expeditionary Force spacecraft Orion who have been stranded on Mars since their disastrous landing on 10 Oct of the preceding year. Responding to this not an insignificant change in the mission of Daedalus and is being done so as a humanitarian act. Now could we not do so?

Press on Daedalus
Press on

CHAPTER 33 – GOING HOME

Day 422

According to Smirnov, upon the arrival of the Bolshoi Korabl into low Earth orbit it was planned for a number of Soyuz craft to come up and recover the crew. Each craft, to be launched a few days apart was capable of carrying only three persons, one of whom was the pilot, meaning that not all the crew could be taken off at once.
Therefore it would take four Soyuz trips just to get the BK’s crew off.
However, just recently Smirnov had told him that it had been decided that she was to become a ‘space station’ in permanent orbit around Earth. Leaving at least two crewmen aboard as ‘caretakers’ was being considered.
“They say Bolshoi Korabl is surplus to need. She cannot be used again for trip to Mars. Or Moon. Too much hard work and cost to bring fuel to this place, so this ship is to become space station for research on Earth geology. And I would say to spy on your military. All militaries. Is first of twelve already under construction.” 
“That, I have been told, was the original plan for Orion.” 
“Yes. Was known. First of many. Was well known. What else does one build monster space craft for?” 
“Good point.”
The presence of 12 Orion crew members complicated the recovery plan.
Smirnov suggested that given the cost of each mission the Americans might end up having to ferry the Orion crew home on their own, or if it could be arranged, pay the Soviet Union for doing the job. 
This was all in a hazy and somewhat near and distant future.

***
Heinz had received nothing during the return trip from Houston MSC over the unsecured radio since that abrupt ‘Asner out’.
Mackenzie called him to the Command Deck where his Russian counterpart handed him a sealed envelope which contained a message for Heinz that had just been received over the Russian CPAC secure radio. 
At last. This should put an end to the endless speculation. And to the mystery.
Alone in the Ready Room he opened it.
It was from Colonel Asner and went straight to the point. For the sake of the Orion program and the IEF he and the entire Orion crew were to remain on board the Bolshoi Korabl until relieved. The date was dependent upon the availability of a NASA space craft of suitable size and capability to reach Bolshoi Korabl in orbit. There were to be no communications with the Baikonur Cosmodrome, Houston or any NASA station via CPAC or unsecure radios by him or anyone concerning this ‘aspect of the mission’.
It closed with, “I’m looking forward to an end to this mission. Colonel Ira Asner.”
The words were bare and clear; their underlying meanings were not. Anger. Frustration.
In direct contravention of Asners’ order re communications with Earth, he wrote a summary of the time on Mars, including the mutiny.  He handed it to Mackenzie with the caveat that it was to be sent on Russian CPAC and treated by him as TS. God only knew if it would get passed on.
“Aye, sir.”
Then, he tracked down Oleksandr and told him about the message from Asner and his reply.
He knew. “Yes. I have just been instructed that I am to remain on-board with you until the NASA ship picks you up.”
“I’m sorry you have to do that.  You must want to get back too.”
“Yes, certainly. But I have been also told that I am to never reveal that the Bol'shoi Korabl brought Orion crew back. You know more of this?”
“No. Just what’s in this message.” He passed it to Smirnov. “But something is going on and it stinks of cover-up.”
Smirnov read it quickly and handed it back. “Da. My friend at Baikonur has told me in secure communication that the US and British press are saying Daedalus was sent back to Mars to recover Orion crew after a program error was fixed. That means you will be here in secret until they say it happened. And me also.”
“I cannot imagine why they would do this. Unless admitting the enemy was able to put aside the past to rescue your people is just not possible?”
“Da. Da. What else explains?”
“We’ll see.”
***
Well they didn’t. They were just days out from Earth. The crew were occupied in getting things tied down for the turning about. 
Sports had been completed the week before with a final tournament. Quinn and his Russian counterpart had made up some trophies and during a banquet in the Mess Hall Smirnov had handed out the prizes to the winning Basketball team (USA! USA!), the hockey team (CANRUSUSA) and the MVPs (all Russian). All in all, fun. 
But maybe a bit too much vodka was served, which Alex had allowed on the deck, contrary to his own regs. There were no fights; but lots of shared laughter.
That the men had become as close to being friends as long-time enemies could was in the end a satisfying and not inevitable outcome. To some.
Both Smirnov and Heinz had watched the gap between the two opposing forces close to full engagement. The language barrier ceased to be a good excuse to avoid the others. Co-working generated those essential military traits – teamwork and trust.  Pitanie vyklyucheno

***
Smirnov received a secure official communication that advised that after achieving orbit the Bolshoi Korabl would be met by the number of Soyuz-type space craft required to off-load his crew. Further, it was directed that the orbit be about 1000 km up to enable the vessel to serve as a Space Station for future research.  Smirnov and several crew members were to remain on board to see to her until relieved. A fixed date for completion could not be provided due to the fact it would take multiple Soyuz launches to do this.
Von Braun, Ley and Schiller busied themselves making the calculations, revising them, arguing about the results and laughing. Some parts of this were disturbing but in the end you just had to trust them.

***

Hamateur Radio Monthly Magazine
August 1971 Edition

Editorial
A small segment of our members globally are involved in listening to the communications between ground stations and the space craft of various countries, and I’m not referring the few - the very few) who submit letters to the editor claiming to have received secret messages for saving humanity from aliens. WTF

Lately these members have been following the day to day discussions between the British space ship Daedalus and Houston MSC and the British Falkland Island Space Centre on VHF and UHF. They report from in-the-clear communications that Daedalus, after retrieving the American crew of the Orion in orbit around Mars will go into orbit around Earth sometime soon.  The USAF IEF has invited amateur radio fans and the media to monitor these communications and has provided a list of frequencies and times when they will be used. The IEF has requested that no one attempt to contact the Daedalus directly as this may interfere with mission operations. QSL

Amateur radio operators world-wide continue to report overhearing contradictory and obviously false communications between Orion and MSC that contradict the USAF IEF statement. Professionalism, even by amateurs must trump self-aggrandizement. Get with the program, people! QSL

Now turning to the world of SETI, radio operators world-wide continue to report the…


***
The rotation and braking action went as planned and the Bolshoi Korabl fell into orbit about Earth. An adjustment firing was carried out a few hours later to put them in what Ley referred to as a ‘high inclination orbit’ and it was done. 
Well, almost done. 
Once it was confirmed that she had achieved the prescribed orbit for operation as a space station the massive engine section was detached and sent on a planned descent route intended to destroy it by harmlessly burning it up in the atmosphere over the Pacific. 
This went very much as planned although parts of debris did land in Northern Canada in the Great Slave Lake region, next to Fort Resolution, North West Territories and were the subject of many UFO conspiracy theories expressed in letters to the editors of local weekly newspapers which eventually, over some months, made their way into nationally published Canadian newspapers.

***
When released from their bunks and hammocks the entire crew including Ley, Schiller and von Braun had migrated to the observation deck and spent a considerable time looking at the green hills, blue oceans and white-capped mountains of Earth, their home planet. Spirits were obviously elevated.
Later in the day Heinz and Harvey decided now was the time to pull the Orion crew together to break the news to them that while they were home, they were not quite there. 
Heinz was certain that considering their expectations of a hero’s welcome the lack of solid information would seem bizarre. Afterall, they had been to Mars, had survived the disastrous landing, the perilous take off, a very complicated rendezvous with BK and a long return to Earth. And in particular those who knew and had accepted from the outset that this had been a one way trip and had paid the price would want to know it all. 
Regardless Heinz did not have a complete story to tell them, at least not yet. Questions to Asner over the Russkie CPAC had gone unanswered, but Smirnov had been able to glean from his Baikonur contact that there was no mention in any press in the USSR or its allies about the Bolshoi Korabl having brought the Americans back to Earth. 
Nor anywhere else, it appeared. However he reported, the British press was now carrying a story that said that the Daedalus had returned to Mars to carry out a recovery of the American Orion crew. This had been confirmed by US press announcements that the crew were on their way home and were to arrive within the next six weeks. Who were they trying to kid?

***
Heinz pulled the gang together, including Ley and Schiller in the Mess Hall. He gave them the news about the lack of an IEF craft able to get them all down in one shot and that the Russians had their own issues due to the small size of the Soyuz craft. From their faces this was not received well. He went on.
“From what I’ve been told and figured out some of you may have known and accepted that this was a one way trip, but it looks to me that the public did not know. Did your families?”
Some heads nodded ‘no’. Quinn spoke up, “We were told to tell them that we may not be back. That things could go wrong that would force us to stay on Mars. Some of us were divorced ‘cause of this. It was tough. Especially for those of us who were last minute replacements for those dead guys.” Heads wagged.
“I can relate to that myself,” Heinz answered. “Look. I am limited in what I can say, not because I can’t or won’t tell you, but because I’ve not been told by anyone who should know what is playing out down there. But it appears that the fact we were recovered by Lieutenant Colonel Smirnov and the BK is not public knowledge and is in fact off limits, even in Russia. I have been ordered not to communicate in the clear about this with any US, British or Neutral station. The press all around the planet, but especially in the US and UK are saying that we’re returning from Mars on the Daedalus.” Heads wagged. “Yes, it’s been repaired and turned around. It’s arriving here in about six weeks. And we’re on her.”
Not uncharacteristically Ley called out, “Impossible. It could not be done.” Schiller’s and several other knowledgeable heads nodded in agreement. 
Swinemar called out, “So what. It’s happening. At least on paper. In the papers, I mean.”
Heinz continued, “Any day now the Soyuz capsules will start coming up to pick up the Russkies. The BK is to remain in orbit as a space station so a replacement crew will be coming up, but no one knows exactly when or how many. Lieutenant Colonel Smirnov will be here until then with his Botsun and we’ll be here until NASA sends something up to get us. That’s it. Questions?”
There were a lot, asking for speculation about how long they were to be stuck here, about the food and air resources, about the possibility of communications with home via radio. But one struck Heinz front and center.
“How do you know this?”
“Colonel Asner has told me very little, but he made it quite clear we are to keep it under our caps. No one from our side is saying anything to us. Lieutenant Colonel Smirnov has told me the Russian plan. He has been told by some back-door contacts about the complete lack of mention in the press about us being here. It appears there is something going on in Russia too to suppress the truth. From that I take it they are not too happy with this either.”
“So they’re working together?”
“It appears so.”
Again, “When will we be picked up?”
“Well. If Daedalus is supposed to be here within six weeks, not before that. And how long after that is anyone’s guess. I know nothing about NASA’s capabilities.”
“So that’s the story our guys are telling? We left Mars to meet Daedalus when it returned. And that’s it?”
“Yes.”
Various voices spoke. “Makes sense to me.”
“Why give the Russkies credit?”
“What? Don’t give them credit for saving our asses?”
“You mean for something they did?”
It escalated as it went round the room. 
“Yeah, well they might kill us all and throw our dead bodies into Siberia as wolf meat.”
“This ain’t over buddy!”
“Yes it is. Why don’t you shut the fuck up!”
“We’re dead meat!”
“Right. Fucking dead meat.” A room full of strange oaths and anger. Lots of anger.
Heinz listened, letting it run on. Calling for order seemed the militarily proper thing to do but would undoubtedly have shut down the room. Then what would he have learned?
That some of them were still unconvinced of the good intentions of their Russian shipmates was obvious, the very concept apparently still beyond their capacity to accept. And some were convinced that they were just expendable, ‘for the greater good’.
He got the impression that some felt they could be done in by either ‘side’ in this. But for the most part the rants came just from a few guys. Most apparently accepted that they were - for the time being - safe.  
Eventually things calmed down, but that didn’t mean they got more reasonable. Just more quiet. It circled round again. 
Finally though CMS Harvey had had enough of this ‘bulling’ and waved for silence.
“I want you all to think about what the Commander has just said. Think about how you have been treated on this ship by these guys. Our enemy? You know, I’ve had more trouble from some guys in my own unit and other units on the same goddam base than I’ve had here. You know what I mean. They’re not dicks, but they do get on your nerves. So what? Who doesn’t?  These guys put their lives on the line to save our asses. Would you have done the same?”
He looked around the room at every face. “Well I ‘effing well I hope so. I’ve changed my mind about that. And if there’s one thing I’ve learned here, it’s that we’re not all that different from them. Not different enough, anyway. We’re two groups of guys doing what we’ve been told by assholes who have no ‘effing idea of who we are, what we are and what we are doing.” 
The CMS looked around the room, slowly. “Something is going on back home. Somebody’s ass is in a sling and needs saving. And you know something else? I’m expendable. You’re expendable. To save their asses. Ta da! So think about that before you go off and do something stupid here. Now get your butts back to your quarters and stay there until the Commander calls you or your next shift.”

***
Day 424

One thing about being in orbit about Earth was you could tune into AM and FM radio stations and listen. Heinz tried it hoping to get a feel for what was being said about them and the world in general. 
It was complicated by the fact that the speed of the ship meant no station could be heard for more than about ten minutes. And then there was the issue of language.
Still, after few days he had gleaned enough to know that it was common knowledge that Daedalus was bringing them back. The absence of mention of the Russians was not necessarily evidence of anything, but still...
 Smirnov had nothing new from any contact, official or of the back-door variety regarding his own fate or that of the Bolshoi Korabl crew.
“I agree that this does not bode well for you and your gang.”
“We’ll see.” What else could you say?

But Ley, in a long overdue moment called Heinz aside and shared another piece of the Daedalus mystery, “Werner has informed us that Bol'shoi Korabl monitored Daedalus continuously with radar while we were preparing for our…arrival.”
“Yes?”
“He says has confirmed that Daedalus performed a loop around Mars and continued away towards the Asteroid Belt.”
“What is a loop?”
Ley explained. Orbital mechanics, again.
“So what does that tell us?”
“That was her original mission. Perhaps she did not fail, but upon word that Orion was going to land and stay, the British mission changed.”
“So MSC and the Brits cooked this up?”
“Perhaps. Perhaps.”
***
Smirnov was advised via secure radio that the first of four Soyuz capsules was to be launched the day after tomorrow weather permitting, to RV around 1400.  Thereafter another would arrive every four days or so. With a single pilot onboard that left two seats available. He had been directed that von Braun was to be on the first run and he was free to select the other person.
They discussed the meeting Heinz had had with the Orion crew. Heinz mentioned the distrust some still seemed to feel towards the BK’s crew but also their general lack of acceptance of the possibilities of how this could play out. 
At this sharing Smirnov shrugged dismissively. Heinz sensed he too was perhaps becoming exhausted by and anxious at this seemingly endless drama.
 Alek offered the opinion that the lack of any mention in the press, particularly in Russia of the role of the BK in the recovery of Orion meant that a deal had been struck behind closed doors. “Else the politicos would be milking this for all its worth and in public.”
“Yes. This would be the top news story of the day back home.”
Smirnov agreed.
“I’m surprised that MSC had not used your CPAC to send me more information about the plan and by that I’m talking about what happens after we get back on Earth. If they want me to play along, they’d better tell me the game plan. All of us better sing the same song.”
Smirnov frowned, “That is not good sign. Maybe they are hoping we all die up here.”
Foreshadowing. Who needs it?

***
They had a meeting of the combined crew at 1100 on the observation deck the morning of the arrival of the first Soyuz capsule to say goodbye to von Braun. 
Regrettably Heinz had not had much of an exchange of anything with him, but it was clear that the Russkies liked him and appreciated his efforts in science but also his work in guiding them to Mars and home. He was taking the magnetic tapes with him and his photos of Mars for further study.  
Ley and Schiller, who along with much of the world had thought him long dead were moved by the parting and committed to ‘track him down, preferably someplace warm and wet’ and with ‘normal gravity’ as soon as possible.
Von Braun has something to say. To them all.
“According to established military procedures the results of this mission will be recorded in books and computers for the edification and enlightenment of all of the strategists of the future.” 
He paused, but not hopefully it seemed to Heinz, “Perhaps they will learn something.” Perhaps.
Smirnov had thanked him on their behalf. A round of applause, some hand-shaking and it was over.

***
There being nothing to do from his point of view Heinz retired to his bed in the Ready Room, door closed. His first thoughts were about home. 
Earth, meaning the planet below being his home had but a short while ago been an alien concept to him but the word and the very idea had taken on a new meaning. His home country? Yes, that was still that, although his faith in its leadership was now somewhat uncertain. His home, where he and his family lived? That had taken on a new meaning too. That could wait. What the hell had happened? What was going to happen?
Helpless to stop himself he went over it all again, for the umpteenth time.
The Mission - He was coming into the belief that the Orion mission had always been to land in order to establish a US presence on Mars, to claim the territory, never to return home. A one way mission to Mars was a risky thing to pursue, even in this perplexing time. Maybe Daedalus’ failure to go into Mars orbit was a fake, a thing presented to the American audience for the purpose of rubbing their shoulders, avoiding at least initially public and political censure. 
If Edwards had known this from the start he could only guess. If he had known, not telling him was way out of character. But the entire world’s a stage...a command performance perhaps?
Before leaving Orion he should have listened to all Edwards’s comms with MSC. Perhaps somewhere in there was a reservoir of truth. But he had seen no collection of reports or records of these communications in the day to day operation of the Bridge. Only Edward’s personal log. What more did he need than that? Yes. Nothing.
From their generally low key reaction to his update about staying on Mars, it was becoming increasingly obvious to him that many of the crew had long ago accepted this as a one-way mission. And why not?  Recognizing and accepting the high probability of failure sorted out the sheep. From his Navy time, where he had witnessed crew members volunteer for dangerous missions, some quite eagerly, he found he could easily believe that some people in the IEF and in NASA were ready and willing to participate in a one-way mission to Mars, or even just to the Moon. It could be that the acceptance of your fate – somewhat common among some military types - allowed them to believe that that outcome was acceptable - even the ‘worst case scenario’.  You could never reliably fathom human needs.
But intent was one thing; planning and execution was another. 
Home - As a side point, the assumption that the Canadians were essential to the mission was questionable, seeing how little of their skill and knowledge had actually been required. But perhaps, as someone had once said to him, ‘better to have it and not need it than need it and not have it’. 
But why were they here? There was no guarantee that Ottawa would have agreed to a one-way mission. Did they even know?
It was probably because there had not been enough time to find and train enough USAF replacements. Why else? 
Well, history had ample evidence that politicians did do each other favours. 
What could one conclude from all this but that they were expendable. And he had always thought he was one of those. 

***
Day 426

Smirnov floated into his zone of awareness, two bags of hot coffee in hand and offered one to him. Coffee being rare he accepted. 
“Soyuz is arriving soon. Must go.” He tipped his bag and drank.
Heinz did the same. “No vodka?”
“We are running low. Have run out of potatoes.”
They laughed over that trope.
“Must get back to work.” He tipped his bag again. 
They drank.
Soon after Heinz fell asleep and dreamed of green hills, ice-topped mountains and BC highways full of slow-moving transport trucks.

***
The first Soyuz capsule arrived. Due to the lack of a docking station it was met outside by two crew members and was tethered to the BK as had been the CRVs. The pilot popped the hatch and space-walked over to the airlock. Down on the observation deck, greetings and hand-shakes were exchanged with him. Heinz made a point of being there.
Doctor von Braun and a BK crewman were aided by Smirnov and his Botsun in getting into their space suits for the short but daunting space walk over to the Soyuz. Putting on a suit was a difficult enough task for a fit and able person but for the aged von Braun it was much less easy, and that the other, Vukov, was obviously inebriated compounded the issue.
However, with the aid of the pilot and a tether they were soon aboard the Soyuz craft. von Braun, ever curious, had taken the opportunity to look around on the ‘walk’ over. Earth filled the view from his suit visor and despite the risks that simple and desirable act introduced he could hardly stop looking. Yes, the BK was big; Soyuz was small. Something else caught his eye. 
After the hatch was secured he took the first opportunity to ask the pilot about the container he’d seen dangling from the side of the BK near the airlock. 
“Supplies. Much needed supplies I am told. OK. Ready yourself and your drunken friend.”
The capsule’s manoeuvring thrusters took them away at right angles to the BK’s course. Then the re-entry engine came on.  He thought it odd that the pilot had not put more of a gap between the two ships, had not employed a countdown to engine firing nor had he advised the BK of their immediate departure. Standard operating procedures to do so, one would have thought.

***
Smirnov received an encoded message late in the day advising that the Soyuz had arrived safely in the Kazakhstan landing area. The next one would arrive in four days and if everything went well arrivals and departures would continue at that rate until all except him and the Bosun were down. But to his surprise, the message directed that the Orion crew were now to be given priority.
Heinz was surprised too. “Something is going on. I haven’t heard a word from MSC telling me about this.”
“Yes.  I suspect that you will be held as group someplace in Russia until all are down and then they will make big deal announcement about your return on Daedalus.”
“Sounds about right.”
“So, NASA has space ship big enough for 12?”
“They do now.”
“Oh yes. A secret ship? We know all about. Is called space taxi!”
“Yes.” That Heinz and CMS Harvey would be the last of the Orion crew to go was a given.

***
Day 430

Through the Bosuns it soon became common knowledge how things were to proceed. A change settled over the Bol'shoi Korabl'; the crews became exceptionally quiet. Hushed conversations, often bi-national in composition took place in the Mess Hall and on the observation deck. That and that they had abandoned the habit of relentlessly staring out the portholes said something; it just wasn’t clear what.
When the next ship arrived Heinz sent TSgts JD and English out on it. They had been picked by drawing lots.
An hour or so before the arrival they all met in the Mess Hall. Smirnov and Heinz had agreed that saying good bye individually on each occasion was better than some single glum and perhaps forced display of formality.
That left it essentially up to those who were leaving to say it for themselves. Things remained quiet until the Bridge called down to advise the Soyuz had arrived and was tying up. Smirnov and Heinz said thanks and goodbye. A round of handshaking went on.
Not much was said, but as the two TSgts left for the observation deck to suit up English said in a voice no doubt intended to be heard by all, “Nicest bunch of guys I’ve ever worked with.”
JD replied, “Who? The Canners?”
“No. The Beakers!” That got some laughs.

***
Four days later another Soyuz arrived. It left with Swinemar and TSgt York and landed OK. The next trip five days later set out with Mackenzie and TSgt Sim. It crashed hard and both died. As had the pilot.
“What happened?”
“Soyuz craft had problem with descent parachute system. And was not first time. My regrets. Master Seaman Mackenzie was a good worker and a fine person. I did not know the American as well as him, but it is sad to lose any crewmate.”
“Yes. He was. They were.” And it was true.
The Orion crew were hard hit by this news. Desharnais and Swinemar in particular were stunned at the news of Mackenzie’s death.
But once the shock was over, the conspiracy minds went to work. 
“They could kill us all.”
“They will kill us all.”
That the Russian pilot had died in the crash did not seem to assuage their fears. Still, none chose to stay on Bolshoi Korabl.
Thereafter they used made up names on the crew manifest, though Smirnov advised that it went nowhere off the ship. Heinz didn’t think his crew believed that.
The next two ships arrived, departed and landed without incident. Dr Ley and Desharnais were on one, Dr Shiller and Doc Ostrow on the next.
It was quiet on the Mess Hall. Too quiet. After all this time jammed together in tight spaces, the relief was offset by the fact that they missed their friends and companions. Brothers in space, yes.

***
Day 442

The final trip for the Orion crew was due tomorrow. Heinz and Harvey. Smirnov and Heinz had avoided the moment thus far, but as these things went, unavoidable duty required that they get their story finished.
“Given everything that’s happened in the last few weeks, how do you think you’ll be received on Earth?” Heinz asked as they sat in the Ready Room and not for the first time. 
“I have no idea.  I have disobeyed an order. Regardless of why, I have disobeyed an order. It is certain that I will be before some committee to explain.”
“Your crew? Will they be held accountable Oleksandr?”
“I don’t think so. They obeyed my orders.  Your crew?”
“I disobeyed an order to stay on Mars. And I was mutinied against. They may be the heroes in this. But certainly those that are still alive obeyed my orders. How that will affect them I have no idea.”
“I will trust that my superiors see the difference between war and working together in space. But is not certain; not certain at all. For me, I will have right to trial by jury if is required.”
“That’s interesting. We do not have that right.” Heinz paused, “I just hope it gets that far.”
“Yes. And also we may disappear, never to face anything before anyone.”
“Yes. We’ll see.”
“Yes. We will.”

***
Heinz and Harvey suited up, aided by Smirnov and the Botsun.
The four of them stood in the observation deck awaiting the arrival of the Soyuz pilot from the airlock. Harvey and the Botsun had been very quiet and very formal.
The pilot entered, turned, saluted the flag and floated up to Smirnov. He saluted and introduced himself. “Ilyushin,” was all Heinz caught.
What more could they do? The words had all been spoken - and heard.
The LCol looked at the LCdr. The LCdr looked at the LCol. The LCdr approached the LCol, arms upraised in the preliminary motions of a brotherly hug. 
“Please Commander. Not in front of the Americans.”
They all laughed and shook hands all around. 
“How is this? Proshay moi brat po oruzhiyu. Udachi v zhizni.” Heinz could only guess.
Then they saluted.
As they floated past the flag they each turned and saluted.
The spacewalk to the Soyuz capsule was uneventful. But seeing the BK from outside brought home if nothing else how strange it was to be in space.
Smirnov received a coded message late in the day advising that the Soyuz had arrived safely in the Kazakhstan landing area.

CHAPTER 34 – HEROES WELCOME

Heinz and CMS Harvey were pulled from the Soyuz capsule by Ilyushin and some ground support personnel wearing what was on any planet, anti-contamination clothing. Both of them required assistance getting out and indeed instruction and guidance in the art and mechanics of walking. Vladimir however, strolled along like he did this for a living.
So this was what normal gravity felt like! It was too much. Cat’s feet! 
Finally, giving that up the pretense they exchanged pleasantries with their handlers, lay down on the conveniently placed litters and were put into the back of a van. Ilyushin did not speak much English but conveyed the idea that he was used to the whole process and offered that the ground crew would probably never be. He referred to them as ‘nervnyye lyudi’.
Oddly, Harvey understood that better than Heinz did.
From the van the three of them were taken into a decontamination building at the Baikonur Cosmodrome, stripped down to the bare essentials, showered (or rather were showered) and given clean coveralls. Then they went into a room with four beds, to wait out a week or so in isolation. Heinz and Harvey both collapsed onto their beds, but not through fatigue.
It would have been comedy under different circumstances. There were no US or enemy agents to question them, at least none that presented themselves as such, just some white coated Russians who enquired as to their health on a regular basis and brought them meals which they slid through a flap in the door.
No guns, no guards, no Spanish Inquisition, no nothing. More to follow for sure.

***
At the end of the week they were given back their laundered clothes, shook farewell hands with Vlad, who had turned out to play a mean hand of poker and were guided into a small room in another barracks where they met up with the others of the Orion crew. Handshakes all around. And questions. Missing were Doctors Ley and Schiller.  To his queries, no one apparently knew anything about them, on either side of the fence.
The CMS reported later to Heinz that their experiences had been essentially identical – no questions asked of them, none of theirs were answered. They’d been cared for but otherwise ignored. Their own luck and lives secured safely, they shared again their pain at the deaths of Mackenzie and Sim.
They were fed, cared for and slept in a common room with bunkbeds, upright metal lockers, tables, chairs, etc. Except for the location, the uniqueness of the place and novelty of it all they would have been bored.

***
Several days passed before a trio of uniformed people came in: two American officers of major rank with pilot’s wings accompanied by a Russian colonel. 
No names were visible and no attention of any kind was paid to LCdr Heinz by the colonel, who left them immediately. Or by the majors. 
They huddled around them.
One spoke and got right to the point, “Our job is to fly you to a place for you to be picked up by someone else to be returned to the States.  We have been instructed at the highest level to tell you to keep your mouths shut. Everything important to you will be explained to you when required. In the meantime, pick up your kit and get ready to go. The bus is leaving for the plane in 15 minutes. Get to it, people!”
The others turned away to gather their stuff.
Heinz was pissed, “Major. What is the plan?” Everyone stopped and turned back to the conversation.
CMS Harvey backed him, “Yes sir, what the hell is going on here! We’re not a bunch of goddam recruits, Major! Tell us what is going on.”
The Majors looked at each other, then Heinz, “All we have are instructions to get you out of here. All of you. That’s all we know. We have been told to ask nothing. And to volunteer nothing. Actually, we don’t know anything about this. And no insult intended Major, but orders are orders.”
“Yes. So I’ve heard.”
They turned as one and walked away.
“Son of a bitch!”
“Yes CMS, you’re right. There is something weird going on here.” But what?

***
The C-130 Hercules took off and headed up high, going to somewhere. Like most Hercs, it was built for the comfort of its cargo and not its passengers. And noisy, yes.
But someone said, “At least she’s not one of them ‘old shakies’,” which earned some laughs but meant nothing to any of the Canners but obviously did mean something to the USAF gang.
The sideways seats lined both sides, hard against the fuselage; canvas seats with loosely hung netted backs. The portholes could be reached only by kneeling on your seat and straining like a crane. This level of effort was beyond any of them. The single toilet at the rear beside the cargo ramp was behind a curtain that refused to stay put in the fluttery air. All in all it was worse than any space craft, except of course for the obvious. That was that.
But it was taking them home. 
There were multiple stops at unknown places, with many hours between, with box lunch meals provided and sleep snatched irregularly, all of which made it impossible for these novel travellers to judge how far they had actually flown. 
Finally, they landed and at the crew’s PA announcement gathered their stuff.
“Where are we?”
Someone looked out a porthole and knew. “Andersen. On Guam. The South Pacific? We’re not home yet.” Not by a long shot.

***
Day 453

They were met on the ramp by a pair of parade-faced MPs who ushered them onto a bus that took them to a Hangar where in a small briefing room a USAF colonel and a couple of captains greeted them and welcomed them back to Earth. Again, no name tags.
That the Colonel ignored Heinz was perhaps a telling thing. He resisted the urge to make the demands for an explanation entitled of a mission commander. Wait. Out.
“Let me apologise for the treatment you have been subjected to. I trust you were not abused by the Russians?” 
Heinz let the question float. It took a few seconds for a response to come out but from the nodding and wagging of heads the consensus was an obvious ‘no’. 
“Good. That you have been to Mars, landed, took casualties and returned is a fact and your personal experiences may be spoken of, with the usual Secrecy Act restrictions applying. But for the sake of our national pride, that you were brought back by the Russians cannot be spoken of. For all intents and purposes, you were met by Daedalus in orbit. You came back to Earth in her. A secret NASA shuttlecraft came up a few days later to get you. Splash-down was near Guam. You were helicoptered here to Andersen. There are handouts with pictures and dates on them.” He waived a set of pages in a hand held high.
“These are the facts of this mission. The scuffle with the guns did not take place. Is that clear? You will comply for the sake of our country and your career. Any questions? Keep them brief and simple. We’ve got to keep you moving. We have a schedule to meet.”
Heinz had made a career of not holding back. When something was wrong or needed to be brought out into the sunshine, he had always done so; he’d spoken up and accepted the consequences. But this was different by an order of magnitude or four. More to follow.
But Swinemar did not. “Colonel, with all due respect sir, I am a Canadian airman. How does this apply to me?”
“I have been instructed to advise the Canadian contingent that they are to comply with these instructions. And for the same reasons. Anything else.”
“Sir! Senior Master Sergeant Quinn. May I ask when are we returning to the States?” 
“In about 30 minutes you’ll board another Herc for San Francisco and after a few days of debriefs, medicals and such you’ll return to your home units. Anything else?” 
That said twice by a full-bull was a clear sign there was nothing else to be asked.
“But first the media want at you. Answer anything about the basics they ask. Just stay on track about the mutiny. It never happened. Is that clear?” 
Heads nodded. All but one. 
Heinz stared at the Colonel with a ‘you owe me some god damn answers’ face. It was ignored.

***
The media were let in. The Colonel introduced them as a group, presenting no one as special. 
They had been given the same handouts as had the crew of Orion. A couple of questions, obviously staged were answered by the Colonel.
Photographs of the group were taken. The Canadian contingent was otherwise ignored. By intent?
Then it was over.
The media were hustled out of the room and in a few minutes another bus arrived. Soon, colonel-less, they boarded another Herc. Again, multiple stops, meals and sleep. Someone joked that Orion was a better ride.
Upon landing there was again no formal greeting ceremony. 
They were ushered to another conference room where the USAF members were handed new issue clothing, shaving kits etc and told to clean-up; they were leaving for Area 51 in a few hours.
The Canners were advised they were returning to Canada through Boston from NTTG, tonight.
But not Heinz.
He had hoped to get back to Halifax, but the board of inquiry to be held at NTTG he was instructed, took priority. He was to just go to Area 51 and to await further instructions.
The two Canners hung around with him until the flight to NTTG was called.  Swinemar’s jokes and laughter dominated the waiting room. As usual, they committed to see each other somewhere, sometime and somehow.
Knowing things were about to change big time Heinz shook each crewmember’s hand and thanked them for their work during the mission. He spent some time with Quinn, of whom he would have had much good to say about, if anyone had cared to ask. 
Then he approached the CMS. The man who in the end had been his Exec. Who had done his job. Who had seen through all the pain and the BS to get it done, where, when and how it had to be done. Regardless of the price.
“Well Steve. I guess this is it.”
“Yes sir. What’s that about living in interesting times?”
“Yes. True and it ain’t over. I want to thank you for your support in all this. This mess. I am glad I had you around. Thank you for seeing me through it.” 
He looked about the room, “All of us.”
“Same to you. I can’t wait to read your book on this.”
“What?”
“Humour, sir. You officers? You just don’t get it. Sometimes.” They shared a knowing laugh at that ancient trope.
“Oh yeah. True. Very true. Well, I’ll miss that too.”
“I won’t.”
“I have a question.”
“Sir?”
“Who was the first person to step onto the surface? You or Teller?
The CMS looked into his face for a moment. “Captain Teller went down first. He held the line for me and Brucie to come down. Then they lowered the bodies down to us.”
“I can’t believe I missed the importance of that.” 
“Yessir. I guess it sorta got pushed aside by more important things.”
“Well Steve, that’s something to remember. Claim it. Do with it what you can.”
“Yessir.”
“Who knows? It might get you a job on the Enterprise.”
“Ha. As if. Well, maybe. If I can work with Janice.”
 “Yes. Well, keep an eye on these guys. They survived going to Mars and back. They deserve to be treated properly. And recognised for it. See to it.”
“Aye. Ready.” 
 “And if you find yourself up my way Steve, drop me a line. We can go out for a beer.”
 “Sure. Will do.”
 They shook hands. And that was that.
Almost.
The CMS spoke some final words. “Absent friends,” and saluted.
“Absent friends.” Salute returned. Tough.

As for the Canners, they were returning to Halifax, all in good time. Too easy

And that was that.
 
***
Day 455

Upon arrival at Homey Field, as expected, the gang quickly disappeared, signalling goodbye to Heinz with cursory waves of the hand. Despite being on the tarmac, the CMS paused, gave him a salute and a formal nod, “Good luck with that sir.”
The CO nodded back.
A cab took him to Area 51 where, mercifully, he was expected and ushered through with minimal delay.
He was assigned a room in Temporary Quarters which turned out to be across the hall from the room that he’d had just before the launch. A thought occurred, but no working person could assist him in locating the kitbag he had left behind. So, Base Dress was the Order of the Day. M’eh.
After supper he took a walk about. 
Still tiring easily he cut it short, but from a quick look around, seeing new paint, new windows, new roofing and some buildings just plain gone told the story of the effect of Orion’s somewhat blustery and noisy departure upon Area 51. How long ago was it?

***
The BOI was to convene at IEF HQ at 1000. He had no problems getting though the gate and into the building. It appeared that they were expecting him.
He was escorted to a small boardroom by two solemn-faced MPs. 
Heinz looked about the room. There were only a few people present. Neither Ley nor Schiller, whom he had fully expected to be witnesses at this, was present.
Upon entry he got very formal ‘welcome back’ handshakes from Asner, Sawyer and a couple of gentlemen who to his recollection he had never met and no introductions were made. All very formally informal.
The three sat on one side of a desk tee’d with another. Heinz’s chair was at the far end. He sat.
That Asner was the chair of the panel of three was a surprise, particularly since he was, in Heinz’s estimation, a part of the problem. That Sawyer was another made it clear that this was going to be a ‘lip-service’ BOI.
He had no idea who the third member of the ‘Board’ was as there were none of the customary nameplates on the desktop. 
The door was closed. Things did not go as he expected. Or rather they did.
There were only the four of them in the room in addition to him. A tape recorder took notes. The fourth man pushed the ‘Record’ button.
Asner started, “Let the record show that we re-convened at 1000 on the 30th of August. We have heard testimony from Doctor William Ley, Doctor Karl Schiller and now Lieutenant Commander Henry Heinz of the Royal Canadian Navy and Executive Officer of the Orion. Welcome back Lieutenant Commander Heinz.”
“Thank you sir.”
“Tell us in your own words the sequence of events leading to the death of Lieutenant Colonel Edwards.”
Heinz did so, leaving nothing out. The facts were not in dispute. It did not take long.
“I see,” Asner spoke. “So in your opinion the death of Lieutenant Colonel Edwards was due to a failure of the ship’s infrastructure when exposed to high G forces from the emergency landing on Mars?”
“Yes sir.”
“And the other members of the crew?”
“Ten other crew members died in the crash.”
“Thank you Lieutenant Commander Heinz. You are excused.”
The fourth member pressed the ‘Stop’ button.
Heinz pressed on. How could he not? 
“There were other deaths. Two on Mars. Two upon return from orbit.”
“Yes. We are aware of that. This board is concerned with the deaths during the crash.”
“I see.”
“Thank you Lieutenant Commander Heinz. You are excused.”
“May I speak to you in private sir?”
“No. Thank you, Lieutenant Commander Heinz. You are excused.”
The fourth member rose and opening the door gestured clearly for Heinz to leave, now. The two MPs looked in. Heinz rose and left the room without acknowledging Asner or the others.

***
Once outside the room the MPs soon left him to his own devices. He enquired of a passerby where Colonel Asner’s office was. Upon arrival he checked the door and finding it open went in and sat himself down in one of two chairs facing Asner’s seat. Fifteen minutes? Twenty? We’ll see.

***
Ten minutes later the door opened and Asner came in, a look of mild surprise on his face that was soon replaced by anger.
“What the hell are you doing in my office?”
“The door was unlocked.”
Asner did not smile. He dropped his briefcase on the floor at the side of his desk and took his seat.
“Well, Lieutenant Commander, let’s get this over with.”
“I was not briefed on the true mission of Orion, by Edwards or by anyone else.”
“One of the necessities of command.”
“Yes. So a captain knew more about what was going on than I did. And I became his commander upon the death of Lieutenant Colonel Edwards. And he died with the knowledge. I think he was just a step away from killing me for talking to the Russians.”
“Ridiculous. Absolutely ridiculous. If I’d had my way Teller would have been Exec and you’d be in Canada reading the newspapers about this. But Edwards insisted. Blame him.”
“So I am right. The mission was one way from the start?”
No answer.
“And now the whole thing with the US press saying this, the Russians saying that, the Brits not saying anything is all part of protecting you and the IEF from this fuck-up.”
“This is much bigger than you being offended at being kept in the dark. You are nothing in this, Lieutenant Commander Heinz.”
“Yes. Right. I get it now. It’s all about you guys.”
No answer.
“As usual.”
He stood up abruptly and due to the weakness from months in space but for no other reason nearly toppled over. He placed his hands quickly on Asner’s desk to support himself. 
Asner cringed momentarily, in fear. Heinz leaned over the desk and from just inches away looked him dead in the eyes. He tapped his right fist three times lightly on the desktop. “All about you and yours.”
“I’m going to report your insubordination to your boss, Heinz.”
“Yes. Please do. I can’t wait to tell them about this whole fucking con job.”
“Get out of my office. Get out of my country. And don’t come back.”
“That will be too easy! And by the way, I claimed the planet on behalf of Canada. So stay the hell away from Mars!” Heinz turned and left, leaving the door open. 
“I’d keep my mouth shut about that too if you know what’s good for you!”
Despite a swirling head Heinz turned round to face Asner, “I think that’s your problem!”
Yes. Pretty much the way he’d expected it.

***
Day 458

Upon his return to Halifax things seemed very low key. He had felt somewhat awkward wearing Base Dress with a ball cap on the flight from Boston but he had no other options and no one apparently noticed. He was met at the airport by a naval lieutenant in uniform whom he did not know who greeted him formally, shook his hand and led him to a waiting staff car. There were no members of the press waiting, which said volumes. 
The Lieutenant informed him that he was to see the Admiral following which there would be the expected press interviews. The drive into Halifax was uneventful. 
The staff car stopped at HQ and the Lieutenant led him up the conference room, a place he had often been, but usually to learn about some funding reductions coming or the new harassment policy. Upon entry, after the customary salutes, he got handshakes from the Admiral and a gentleman whom to his knowledge he had never met. Introductions were then made. Aide to the Minister of Defence. Of course.
They sat on one side of a desk tee’d with another. Heinz chair was on the opposite side. He sat.
Things did not go as he expected. Or rather they did.
The Admiral welcomed him back, told him it must have been difficult, that his efforts on behalf of the Forces and his country were appreciated and that perhaps greater challenges of another kind were before him. The aide joined in. The PM and all Canadians were proud of him and his accomplishments, etc. Yep. Pretty much as expected.
And then, the formalities dispensed with, they got to it. 
They knew. The CDS knew. The PM knew. About the mission changes, about the mutiny, about Daedalus and the Bolshoi Korabl. Asner had beaten him to it
But no one else did. And it was to stay that way. They handed him a briefing note. He thumbed through it. A fax!
He had seen it before, at Andersen.  Times, dates and ‘facts’. A story, written in a board room on Planet Earth, for your reading enjoyment. And acquiescence.
“Any questions, Henry?”
“No sir.” Of course not.
“Well then. There will be an official directive telling you and the others what can be said, what cannot, the penalties that will result from a breach of security and other pertinent things. The two Master Corporals are being informed even now of the same conditions. Do you think we can count on them to keep this under their hats?”
“I see. Yessir. They will. No doubt there.”
“Don’t let us down.”
“No sir.”
That was it. The aide left the room first to go and set up the press gang. The Admiral looked at him with ‘Colonel's Face’ and shook his head. From this man pursed lips told it all. All.
He slapped Heinz on the back as they went out. “C’mon Hank. Let’s do this BS thing!”
So they did. Pretty much as expected.
Welcome back.

***
Not yet ready to cross that particular bridge he checked into Willow Park Officer Transient Quarters. That night, sitting in the Quarters Common Room alone he watched the CBS Evening News with Walter Cronkite. 
They showed the President shaking the hands of Colonel Asner and Mr Sawyer and the Orion crew on the lawn of the White House, presenting them with medals. Notably absent were Ley and Schiller. The Orion bunch looked different than when he had last seen them: clean shaven, decked out in their formal uniforms, erect posture, snappy salutes, parade faces, etc. Playing the part. Of course.
And he had to wonder what sort of greeting from the politicos awaited Oleksandr. Chert poberi.

***
Mercifully no one met him at his office on his first day back at work except his immediate co-workers who offered firm hands, hearty congratulations and sincere ‘welcome backs’. But it did not take long before his somewhat more remotely located workmates were also dropping by to welcome him too. Not quite common knowledge, but…
Then it started.
In an interview room the next day Heinz brought his boss up to speed on what had happened, beginning with the caveat re the top secret nature of the information. His boss’s astonishment at these revelations was soon exceeded by his astonishment when later in the day he carried this information upstairs to be met by the dismissive wave of hand, to be informed that the higher ups already knew the story and then asked what the hell he thought he was doing bringing this up to them.
The following day, as he had been advised, the formal order trickled down that he and the other Orion crew members were to keep quiet, indefinitely, on pain of court martial, etc. If they were lucky.
It was conveyed to him in a sealed envelope, stamped Top Secret that once read was taken back. 
So would he spend the rest of his life looking behind and waiting for that knock on the door? The price to pay?
There was no mention of any visit to Parliament Hill. At least not yet. Wait. Out.

CHAPTER 35 - COMING HOME II

Latitude 44.39.02N
Longitude 63.32.49E
Common Name – John’s Lunch

He met them at John’s Lunch on the Dartmouth side at noonish, not because of some military principle or protocol, but rather because the halibut tips and deep fried clams were great and the beer, Keith’s of course, was served icy cold. They filled the booth. The staff, friendly as always, noisily accommodated them.  One obvious change was that the restaurant staff recognised them and asked if they could take a photograph to two to be hung on the wall, next to Anne Murray and Hank Snow. The vote was 2-1, for ‘no’.
For a well-founded reason he looked at the diners in the adjoining booth and across the row. Locals. What could go wrong? Seriously?
Of course they had not seen each other since their return from the States a few weeks ago and it took a few formal minutes getting reacquainted. And as usual, they insisted upon calling him sir or Lieutenant Commander. Unlike their initial meeting several centuries and planets ago, they spoke in hushed tones and voices. Still, it took a few tries and minutes but eventually they seemed OK with just ignoring the need to refer to him in any military way. From experience he knew that when needed it would resurface and indeed, would push its way rudely to the front.
They wanted to know about Mackenzie. All Heinz could tell them, since it was all he knew was that his remains were on their way. No one asked the obvious.
 They reminisced about some of his quirkier habits and behaviours but in reality, despite the time spent together, they had known little about the man. 
“A fine technician. And a good shipmate.”
“And that’s a good epitaph for any man.” Bottles clinked in recognition of this sad fact.
 He had kept quiet and things to himself. How much of this was as a result of his job as a 291er was a mystery. Desharnais suggested that that ‘quiet type’ may have looked for the ‘keep it under your hat’ type job in the Forces.
Heinz had known him better than them he believed, not just from his work as a radio operator, but from some long discussions in the otherwise empty observation deck of the Bolshoi Korabl. Mackenzie was a quiet type for reasons he seldom shared with anyone: bullied, abandoned and thrown out for standing up for himself. He’d had few options as a teenager and the Forces had looked like a safe refuge. Everybody had a story it was said, but not everybody trusted others enough to talk about it. But they’d had and did. Heinz did not share any of this with them.
Returning to themselves they told him they had returned to their postings and been granted three months leave to get themselves sorted out. 
As for the mission, they had been told, again, to keep mum about the whole thing, something that had immediately pissed them off and had been required to sign a document acknowledging having been so ordered. Heinz was curious at what level this discussion had taken place, but did not ask.
“I’ve been to the other end of the Universe and I can’t even tell my kids about it.”
“C’mon Bruce. You’re not even married yet and now you’re worried about kids? Get real.”
“Someday man. Some day.”
But Desharnais had a plan. “I’m going to write a book about it.” 
Heinz cringed knowingly; Swinemar laughed knowingly.
“I’ll have to make some changes so it will be more interesting, but what the hell, that’s how that business works.”
“How will you change it?” Swinemar inquired with a twisted face.
“Well, it’s going to take place a long time from now when Mars has been colonised and terraformed so they can walk on the surface without those damn spacesuits. I think sci-fi needs lots of sex, so the Martian society has only women in most positions of authority. Some spaced-out geologists find an underground cavern created by a long dead Martian civilization. When the cavern is opened up, there are thousands of Martian ghosts that come out and take over the government and some jobs in industry and entertainment. It goes downhill from there, but that’s just the start.” They had a chuckle over that. 
“Ghosts on Mars doing government jobs! As if! I’d trim that back if I were you.”
“Sounds too close to the truth for me. Oops. Sorry.”
“No, it’ll be just campy. You guys just don’t get it.” Appropriate use of humour.
“What happened to Janet?” Heinz asked.
“Who?” 
But then Swinemar deflected things, asking a valid question, about their personnel evaluation reports. “I assume, Lieutenant Commander Heinz, that you have submitted our PERs?”
“Actually, the paper copies are still on Mars, enshrined forever in the history of the exploration of Mars in the drawer of the Ready Room desk. Generations of explorers will read how the three of you excelled in all areas of professional knowledge and skill but were somewhat lacking in the essential attribute of possessing a sense of humour.” 
“Umm. I’m not sure you understand my question, LT!”
“But to answer your question Bruce? No. I’ll make something up as soon as I get a free moment.”
“We’re doomed, man!” 
“Yes. Doomed.”
They knew enough about Heinz to not ask about his personal life, but his military future was known to any who cared to know about such things. It had been in the local Base paper and Halifax newspapers. 
He was posted to Ottawa to work on the new Defense Research Telecommunications Establishment communications satellite project to give the Canadian military its own geostationary satellite system. No promotion was coming, due to a lack of time in rank of course, but worse, he was out of naval operations, effectively indefinitely. For some reason, he did not share with his brothers-in-arms that he was considering taking his release.  
Finished with the food and the basics they paid their respective bills and went outside. They parted with hand-shakes, followed by hand salutes and “Goodbye Lieutenant Commander,” followed by brotherly hugs. 
“And try and enjoy Ottawa.”
“Yeah. I hear the Beavertails are great.”
Ah, tradition.

***
Then there was that other Bridge to cross.

Several times in the past few days late in the evening he had started across on foot to the Dartmouth side only to stop midway of the A Mackay and return. It was a bit of a hike from Willow Park and not something to be considered lightly, particularly as he had not fully recovered from his time in space. Still, walking was better than sitting and lying looking at a ceiling. Any ceiling. 
And walking was something they had often done together.
There had been other pedestrians, of course, but they had been few and far between and a couple of them had been pretty shady looking. Afterall, who walked to Dartmouth from Halifax that late at night? Well…
Tonight again, it was cool and windy. Not a novelty in Nova Scotia. Not cold though, just cool.  Looking down to the south he could see the east coast shipyard and the naval fleet, at least that portion that wasn’t out making the world safe, from whom and for what he wondered. And in the furthest distance saw what he guessed was the Woodside Ferry, arriving at the Dartmouth side. 
Watching and waiting. Words that had shaped his life. 
He trudged along meeting no others and stopped at the top. 
He looked into space. 
He looked into a quiet night. There was no rainbow. The silence spoke much louder than words. And said ‘Too late’.
There was no sign of Mars in the night sky, but Mars was not out of his life. 
Yes, Mars, the place you can’t remember; the place you can’t forget. And while it was no longer the mission directive it had been with all that implied, it was something he could never leave behind.
This night he had set out with another purpose: to put an end to all this.  This was not what he had signed up for. This life, as far as he could see was going to be as empty, cold and as hopeless as being stranded on Mars had seemed to be.  For him, Mars was a lifeless planet that had met none of his needs.  And now, sadly, neither did this Earth. 

He jammed his foot firmly into the gap between the guardrails, raised himself up, leaned over the top rail and looked to the water below. It was a long way down. Far enough, undoubtedly, to give one time to reconsider what one was doing.  Or what one had done.
Now the angry words had all been said. Do it, don't doubt it.
Yes. He would do it. He would bring this to a conclusion, to an end. And on the way down he would think of nothing; nothing but the joy of silence; an end to the voices in his head.  As in space, when you were dead, no one could hear you scream. We’ll see.

 He stood on the bottom rail and commenced to raise a leg over. For some reason he glanced right and left.  Someone was approaching from the D-side; a hooded figure with hands tucked into dark jacket pockets.  In the bridge lights, he recognized the face.
She continued towards him.  Tears ran from two pairs of eyes.  They embraced and wept. 
Thank God for chance and circumstance.

***
Science Editorial from the San Francisco Re-examiner

(30 Sep 1971)

The Dangers of Space travel (cont’d)

And finally, the recent tragic loss last month of the Russian spaceship Bolshoi Korabl which exploded while in orbit over a remote corner of the South Pacific due to an engine malfunction cannot be ignored.
From this and the deaths of many of the USAF’s Orion crew in landing on Mars, twenty men have died in total in these two accidents, fourteen of them members of the USAF. The perils of space travel by manned craft are not without considerable risk.
Perhaps we should slow the pace of our Race to Space until our technology is more reliable, or perhaps we should find a way to minimize the cost in lives and funding by working together with our competitors on a common goal – the safe and productive exploration of space.
And perhaps limiting ourselves to our nearest neighbour, the Moon, would be a wise and intermediate step.
But the state of global politics, with the Cold War brewing and on the edge of boiling over makes that seem unlikely. Still, it does seem a reasonable thing to explore.
And perhaps doing so would be a tribute to the sacrifice of those who have died in the exploration of space.

CHAPTER 36 – ROADS END

Latitude 67.28.25N
Longitude 86.33.37E
Common Name – Igarka, Krasnoyarsk Krai USSR

Smirnov looked out the window of the yard through the barbed wire fencing at the taiga surrounding the camp. Again.
 
The pale sun of October whispered, the snows will soon be coming.
It had done him little good to wonder when he’d be home again.
This morning’s discussion with the camp ‘Warden’ had answered, "Never".

No one cared.  No one listened. Not to anyone here.

In response to his questions about the fate of the Bolshoi Korabl and his crew they had shrugged their shoulders dismissively and looked away to the tundra. No one, apparently, understood.

Perhaps they were again home, with their families, loved ones and friends. 

Or, perhaps their bodies were scattered in a narrow band around the Earth; their frozen molecules mixed with those who were friends and enemies. 

He was entombed forever beneath the dirt of the battlefield trench.
He was entombed forever below the deck of the sunken warship.
He was thrown into the air that endlessly circled the Earth.
He was buried on Mars with his compatriots, his body frozen, under a layer of dusty rock. 
 
He sighed heavily and stared at the ceiling of his room.

Like space, the steely Russian skies went on forever. Forever

CHAPTER 37 – READY, AYE READY

Latitude 19.10N
Longitude 061.6W
Common Name—NE Lunae Palus
Lunae Palus Quadrangle MC-10

April 2067

He drifted SW of the MHM down into Lunae Palus to visit the site of the nuclear-powered spacecraft Orion.
The ship, aka The Leaning Tower of Mars, was to anyone or thing an imposing sight, visible from many klicks even to an entity only one meter high. It leaned precariously. It was a wonder, he posited, that given the winds hereabouts it had not fallen over. 
Nope. The numbers were clear—this was no plastek sheet flapping in the wind. If it was going to take a tumble it would have done so long ago, and it would not be due to over-hyped winds.
It was clear though, that something extremely violent had happened here. The surface around the ship was scoured of the usual collection of rocks and detritus for a radius of many hundreds of yards. Radiation levels, initially insignificant, increased markedly as he approached.
Nearly a hundred years of wind-driven dust had burnished the surface to a bright sheen. He looked for them, but Mars had removed all markings indicating the mission name and national origin. Still, he knew it—the short lived United States Air Force Interplanetary Expeditionary Force. Orion.
He passed the cemetery with the graves of 13 unfortunate crewmen, stooping to perform the always necessary task of covering exposed boots and straightening place markers.
The indentations of the ribbed wheels of the two open-seat rovers were readily visible in the pulverized duricrust, as were looping tracks from what appeared to be a number of short jaunts. A pair of dust filled tracks led away to the east. Hmmm. Of course.
He circled the ship looking for a ladder or a cable to enable him to climb up to the payload deck and from there to enter the ship proper. There was nothing. Too little too late? 
He looked about the site in hope of finding something that would enable him to climb up. There was a pile of discarded environmental suits— 'spacesuits'—a strange sight indeed, and a heap of discarded and unrecognizable stuff. He pawed through, but found nothing but metal: oxygen, nitrogen, Freon, and ammonia bottles, aluminum beer cans and tin cans that had obviously once contained food. Someone had cleaned the site up. And there was a mis-mash of electronic equipment: CRT viewscreens; a High Frequency radio; a ‘nineteen inch rack’, several in fact, both smashed (in the fall?); several reel to reel tape drives, their always fragile plastic “Mylar’ tapes long gone; keyboards with trackballs; a couple of ‘hard drives’ that must have weighed 20 kg each, and a hand-held calculator, the HP-35 label still visible. 
With a shrug of resignation and a last look about he headed off in no particular direction, continuing to sample the surface as he went. He considered following the tracks of the rovers but decided against it, knowing it would only lead to further disappointment. 
He continued to sample. In a small well-worn crater about a hundred and fifty yards from the ship he picked up a substantially sized rock. An eruption of something sprang from beneath the rock, momentarily enveloping him in a brown mist before being whisked away by the wind. To say the least he was startled by this unprecedented display of Martian passion. In a few seconds he regained his composure. A few larger specks of the mysterious material had come to rest in his lee. He quickly grasped them and slipped them inside a compartment. They were organic in origin. Could this be the long sought-after surface lifeform? His observations led him to reject this hypothesis.
Sensors quickly put an end to that dream. The material was cellulose, with minor traces of petroleum and dye. Aka, paper and ink, probably just garbage blown about by the wind. This was a reasonable assumption, but one that led to the obvious question: how had they come to be under this particular and unremarkable rock?
Before continuing his analysis he turned to replace the stone. In the depression was a large fragment, intact, an entire ‘page,’ in fact. He shielded it with his body from the wind, cautious of its extreme fragility. It was badly oxidised. Three edges were straight and the fourth was jagged, as if torn from a small notepad. Blank. He turned it over.
There were faint markings, initially incomprehensible. He scanned it to discern the words—English, it turned out, not surprisingly. A printed header made immediate sense, but below that all markings were in an odd pattern with poorly formed graphemes, some joined in places with a continuous line. Cursive, he deduced. Words written by hand with a pen. Those facts known, he was able to make sense of it all. The line at the top read ‘Personal Log’.
He read the hand-written lines, and then re-read them several times. Oh my!
A sudden gust of wind took the page from his hands. Like the others it turned instantly to dust and followed its companions downwind. Lost. Damn! Double damn! A unique part of Mars’s human history, lost forever to bad luck and careless handling practices. He chastened himself.
He watched the shredded page dissipate, then sat motionless for some moments considering the words inscribed, and in particular, the last line. From his assessment he estimated that there had been at least forty similar pages under the rock. Placed by whom and for what purpose could only be conjectured, but by their context and the apparently worried hand, the words had been written in haste. Only partially legible even to discerning AI eyes, the last words were: 

They’re coming. Aye, Ready.

What to do. What to do.

***
Our revels now are ended. These our actors,
As I foretold you, were all spirits and
Are melted into air, into thin air;
And like the baseless fabric of this vision,
The cloud-capp’d towers, the gorgeous palaces,
The solemn temples, the great globe itself,
Yea, all which it inherit, shall dissolve,
And, like this insubstantial pageant faded,
Leave not a rack behind. 
We are such stuff
As dreams are made on, and our little life
Is rounded with a sleep
Forever

Glossary of Terms

Ack – short form for Acknowledgement
AI – Artificial Intelligence
APD-11 – Piloted Aircraft, Radar, Detection (Side-looking Radar)
Argus – CP-107 Maritime Anti-submarine Aircraft (CF)
ATC – Air Traffic Control
BATCO –Base Air Traffic Control Officer
B-Stand – Non-commissioned Tower/Ground Air Traffic Controller
BOI – Board of Inquiry
C of C – Chain of Command
CDS – Chief of Defense Staff (CF)
CAF – Canadian Armed Forces
CFB – Canadian Forces Base
2IC - 2nd in command
291er – Communications Research Operator (CF)
Cap – slang form of captain
CO – Commanding Officer
CO2 – Carbon Dioxide
CPAC – in radar systems, Coded Pulse Anti-Clutter System
CRV – Crew Return Vehicle
CRT – Cathode Ray Tube 
CMS – Chief Master Sergeant (USAF)
CW – Country and Western Music
Def Con – Defense Condition (levels)
DVA – Department of Veteran Affairs (Canada)
EMP – Electro-Magnetic Pulse
Exec – Executive Officer (2IC)
FPS-16 – Ground Fixed, Radar, Special or Combination (Tracking Radar)
FRT-49 (Fart-49) – Ground Fixed, Radio, Transmitting (high power transmitter)
GC – Ground Control
GCA – Ground Controlled Approach (radar)
GCC – Ground Control Center
GKA-5 – Ground General, Telemetering, Auxiliary Assembly 
Gyproc – wall board
HAM – amateur radio operator
HF – High Frequency
HMCS – Her Majesty’s Canadian Ship
HUD – Heads-Up Display
HQ – Headquarters
HVAC – Heating and Ventilation System (air conditioning)
ICBM – Inter-Continental Ballistic Missile
IEF – Interplanetary Expeditionary Force
Kg – abbreviation for kilogram
Kilogram – 2.2 lbs
Klic(s) – kilometer(s)
lbs - pounds
LCdr – Lieutenant Commander 
LT - Lieutenant
LTJG – Lieutenant Junior Grade (USN)
Lt Col – Lieutenant Colonel (USAF)
MARCOM – Maritime Command (CF)
MARS – Military Amateur Radio System (CF)
MCpl – Master Corporal (CF-Journeyman Tradesperson)
MD – Main Deck (Orion)
MDA – Minimum Descent Altitude
Mil Std – Military Standard for systems and materials
MP – Military Police
MP – My Problem
MRT – Maintenance Repair Team
MS – Master Seaman (CF-Journeyman Tradesperson)
MSC – Mission Support Center
MVP – Most Valuable Player
NASA – National Aviation and Space Administration
NATO – North Atlantic Treaty Organisation
NCO – Non-Commissioned Officer
NMP – Not My Problem
NTTG – Nevada Test and Training Ground
NTSB – National Transportation Safety Board (US)
O2 - Oxygen
OCD – Obsessive Compulsive Disorder
OOW – Officer Of the Watch
Opt - Option
OR – Orderly Room
OR – Other Ranks (CF)
Order No. 270 - issued on 16 August 1941, by Stalin during the invasion of the Soviet Union
PA – Public Address System
PO – Petty Officer (Navy)
PER – Personnel Evaluation Report (CF)
PWR –Pressurised Water Reactor for a nuclear-powered submarine
QRA – Quick Reaction Area
RCAF – Royal Canadian Air Force
RCN – Royal Canadian Navy
recce - reconnaissance
RF – Radio Frequency
RR – Ready Room
RV - Rendezvous
S3 – a CF Dress Uniform of the period of the novel
SMSgt – Senior Master Sergeant (USAF)
SNCO – Senior Non-Commissioned Member (CF)
SOP – Standard Operating Procedure
SW – Switch
SW - Southwest
SWO – Station Warrant Officer (CF)
TACAN – Tactical Aid to Navigation
TD – Temporary Duty (CF)
TFN – Until Further Notice
TOA – Time of Arrival
TSC – Transportable, Special, Communications
TSgt - Tech Sergeant (USAF)
UHF – Ultra High Frequency
USAF – United States Air Force
VHF –Very High Frequency
VINSON – Digital Voice Encryption Device
VOR – VHF Omni-directional Range
Whiffle Ball – tennis ball-sized hollow plastic ball with evenly spaced holes

Acknowledgments

Books
Project Orion: The True Story of the Atomic Spaceship, George Dyson, Henry Holt and Company
A Traveller’s Guide to Mars, William K. Hartmann, Workman Publishing
New Scientist Magazine, Reed Business Information
The Tempest, William Shakespeare

Music
Above and Beyond, featuring Zoë Johnston, Love is Not Enough
Armin Van Buuren feat. Kensington, Heading Up High
Mike Foyle, Shipwrecked
Chicane, The Place You Can’t Remember, The Place You Can’t Forget
Al Stewart, Roads to Moscow
Clannad, Court to Love
