Other worlds. Throne of the Soul. Book 2

Elena Kryuchkova


 
“Other worlds. Throne of the Soul. Book 2”
Written By Elena Kryuchkova
Copyright © 2021 Elena Kryuchkova
All rights reserved
Cover - Image by melancholiaphotography from Pixabay


Kryuchkova Elena
Other worlds. Throne of the Soul. Book 2
18+

Characters
Chapter 1. Military Academy. The Tragedy of Mira
Chapter 2. Where has Olivier gone?
Chapter 3. Avril's New Life!
Chapter 4. Story of God Thoth
Glossary
Addition. Author's and first version of the cover

Synopsis:
After entering the military academy as Cores, Zima and Vera face not only the privileges of their new positions, but also grief. Namely: their dear friend Mira is tragically dying...
In the Alliance, Avril also becomes a military academy cadet. During her summer internship, the prototype fighter she was in goes astray and crashes. What will happen to her next? Will she die or be captured by Confederation forces?
Meanwhile, the deity of the planet Geba, Thoth, recalls his past. The story of his birth, how the world is very young, and his meeting with the golden-haired Princess from the depths of space...
This is the second book in the “Throne of the Soul” series.

Characters
Confederation of the Kingdoms (CK):
- Zima X-0-2212938-R0101-1 — main character, later the Core
- Vesna X-1-2003928-R0101 — sister of Zima, journalist in the newspaper Mokoshin News, mother of four children
- Vuc — husband of Vesna, photographer in the newspaper Mokoshin News
- Vera — friend of Zima and Mira. Beloved Zima
- Mira — friend of Zima and Vera
- Boyan — father of Mira, Minister of Culture
- Beryoza — Mira's mother, a former ballerina, teaches at a ballet school
- Romashka — maid in Mira's family
- Goven — from the school where Mira, Zima and Vera study. In love with Mira 
- Ruler of the Light Svyatozar — Ruler of the Confederation of the Kingdoms, has been reigning for two hundred years. Possesses eternal youth and immortality

Alliance of the Kingdoms:
- Avril Edelweiss — main character, later a military magical researcher of the Kingdom of Lutetia from the Alliance of the Kingdoms
- Albert Edelweiss — father of Avril, military engineer
- Claire Edelweiss — Avril's mother, Albert's second wife
- Olivier Edelweiss — older brother of Avril, son of Albert from his first marriage
- Agatha Regis — Olivier's wife, former model
- Ursula Rondal — ‘rival’ and classmate Avril, later magic engineer
- Minako Aoi — classmate and friend of Avril

Seltsam:
Kaiser (Emperor) Wilhelm — ‘Mad Artist’, ruler of Seltsam. During meetings with ministers, he likes to paint them naked. At the same time, he also undresses himself.

Others:
- Thoth — Guardian of the planet Geba
- Tefnut — Guardian of the planet Tefnut
- Atum — Guardian of Planet Ve
- Geba — Princess from the depths of space
- White Fox, Black Cat and Black Raven — embodiments of Thoth's feelings

This story is fiction and fantasy. And any similarity to real people or events are coincidental.
This story is completely fiction.

Book 2. Story of God Thoth. 956 year
Chapter 1. Military Academy. The Tragedy of Mira
World of Geba, 956 post-Renaissance
Two years have passed. On the one hand, life went on as usual. The Alliance and the Confederation of the Kingdoms were still in a state of sluggish conflict. The hostilities either subsided or resumed. On the border of the Kingdom of Wend and the Kingdom of Kunin (part of the Alliance), aircraft often flew, and periodically there were battles between MeGs.
CK currently had forty-eight operational MeGs, and the Alliance had twenty-seven. But, of course, not all of them were on the border. Usually there were fifteen (or so) Mechanical Golems from the Confederation, and ten from the Alliance. The rest of the MeGs on both sides of the conflict were in other garrisons.
For example, each of the ten kingdoms of the Confederation had several MeGs in its garrison. As stated in the military regulations “to maintain peace and order within the ten kingdoms, as well as to protect against unexpected enemies”.
The situation in the Alliance was similar — the remaining MeGs were garrisoned within the various kingdoms of the Alliance, one or two per garrison. The wording in the military regulations was very similar to CK. Namely: “To maintain order, as well as to protect against unexpected enemy attacks, part of the Mechanical Golems is placed inside the territory of the Alliance”. The funniest thing in this case was that there were fifteen kingdoms in the Alliance. Therefore, it is easy to guess that in some countries there were no MeGs.
The kings and queens, as well as the Council of the Alliance, continued to claim that all their environmental troubles were due to the magic of the Ruler of the Light Svyatozar. And the police of various cities and countries still periodically found the dead bodies of refugees, devoid of internal organs. So far, there have been no clues, and it has not been possible to find the culprit. Discontent was growing among the refugees, which, however, had so far been suppressed. Many Alliance residents were also in awe of these incidents. Someone sympathized with the refugees, while others were afraid to be in their place. But everyone agreed that it was terrible and inhuman.
Theories even began to appear that this was the work of the Ruler of the Light Svyatozar and his secret agents, in order to sow panic in the Alliance. The hippies thought it was part of a conspiracy with the Alliance. They claimed that the Alliance and CK were allegedly in cahoots, and that they were selling refugee organs for transplantation to wealthy people in their kingdoms, as well as in various countries in the Northern, Eastern and Southern Continents and in Seltsam.
Some believed in hippies, and some did not. Also, hippies have put forward theories that the occasional street riots in the large cities of Mercia, Lutetia and Trabant are also part of the Alliance and CK collusion. After all, the ringleaders could not be found for two years.
“This is all fake! Therefore, the city guards cannot find the instigators of the riots! According to a secret agreement between the CK and the Alliance, they accumulate people's emotional energy! It is gathered by repeaters with special formulas! And they use it for their experiments! This is done deliberately to distract people from unemployment in the Alliance, and from the shortage of goods in the Confederation of the Kingdoms!” 
This theory had both supporters and opponents. Discontent among the people worried the rulers and the Council of the Alliance. However, fortunately for them, no global shocks have yet occurred...
In the Confederation of the Kingdoms, nothing has changed in two years. People worked at their workplaces, the shortage of stores did not disappear. Prices for goods and services did not rise, as did taxes on wages.
The students continued to study. They wore the usual gray uniform, the style of which had not changed for many years. On solemn days, they wore white pelerines. And at the morning school lines, the pupils watched the “Appeal to the Young Generation” of the Ruler of the Light Svyatozar on Cryst-lenses.
To many adults, citizens of the Confederation, the established routine resembled a kind of swamp: you don't seem to drown, but you don't move either. The swamp did not drag on further, but it did not let go either. A strange swamp, from which there is no exit...
***
World of Geba, Confederation of the Kingdoms, Kingdom of Wend, Mokoshin, 956 post-Renaissance
Zima will forever remember the day when she passed the ‘Suitability for the Cores’ two years ago. She was shocked that the result was positive. But at the same time, she was mentally rejoicing: after all, now her chances of learning the truth about her sister's death and her secret investigation increased!
Vera immediately understood what had happened as soon as Zima left the office. She experienced considerable shock. But before she had time to ask her friend, she was called to the office by the same nurse.
Now Zima remained to wait for Vera in the corridor. She didn't know how much time had passed. But ‘Suitability for the Cores’ clearly took less time from the friend. At the same time, no one ran out of the office, and no one else entered there.
Soon the door opened and Vera came out. She looked at Zima with an empty gaze and simply said:
“Positively…” 
She did not expect the result to be like this. And she did not understand why it was she who turned out to be the Core.
Then the nurse, already familiar to the girls, reappeared. She looked very pleased. This is understandable: two Cores! One day! In one place! For the discovery of Cores, the admissions committee (especially the medical staff) was given bonuses. After all, the Cores are so rare! Only a few girls a year get tested!
Zima did not remember what happened next very well. When she and her friend were leaving the admissions office, the doctor who conducted the ‘Suitability for the Cores’ approached them and told them what documents to bring them, when and where to come. The girls, who were at a loss, wrote everything down in notebooks, which they carried with them, just in case. And they headed homes.
When Zima told her parents about everything at home, they took the news as expected. At first they couldn't believe it. And then they rejoiced loudly and emotionally. Mother rushed to call her parents who lived in another city in order to tell the good news. Father hurried her all the time, because he also wanted to get ‘access’ to the phone.
Parents emotionally rushed around the apartment and fussed like children on the eve of the New Year. The neighbors from downstairs, an elderly couple, could not resist and came to ask: what happened? Why is there so much noise? As a result, the parents had to calm down. They chose ahead of time, prudently not to say that their daughter was the Core. And they simply said that she successfully entered the military academy... At the same time, they did not at all think that Zima could be sent to the front line. And she could lose her life during the battle with the Alliance. Both the father and mother of the girl took this news as a blessing of Hors and the Goddess of the Earth, and as a great honor. They could no longer think of anything else...
... Soon the admission rush began: Zima brought documents to the academy, independently settled all the formalities. She had ‘to run pretty badly’: the girl was not very versed in the intricacies of bureaucracy, and her parents were busy at work. However, Zima turned out to be not the only independent applicant. Most of the future students of the military academy, institutes or universities were at that time deprived of moral support from their parents, because they worked. Of course, Vera also did everything herself...
Like all cadets who entered the military academy, the girls signed a special agreement, according to which, after graduation, they pledge to serve in the army for up to thirty-five years. And they undertake not to get married and not have children before the same age. This was the usual agreement for the Core-Girls and for the rest of the future military personnel. The only difference is that the rest of the military personnel pledged not to marry and not have children under thirty. There was an increased age limit for Core-girls due to their small number.
Despite the support for demographic policy in the Confederation of the Kingdoms, it was no secret to anyone that the army did not need maternity leave women who would be distracted by family relationships. Likewise, men who are puzzled by caring for children and household chores are undesirable. Although, after thirty years, marriage for military personnel became mandatory by default. And if they could not find a spouse for themselves, this was done by the leadership, choosing from candidates suitable in their opinion.
But the Core-Girls in this case were an exception: for them, marriage remained optional. It was even encouraged if the Core-Girls gave up family life and childbirth after thirty-five. The reason for this was prosaic: their small number.
Also, Core-Girls were strictly forbidden to have relationships with men. According to doctors and scientists, male germ cells, when entering the body of the Cores, have an extremely negative effect on the fragile energy balance. And the ability to activate MeGs in such girls disappears. In other words, only virgins could become Cores. And they pledged to keep their virginity until the end of the service.
Intimate relationships for Cores were prohibited even with the use of condoms, which could always be obtained from the military medical unit along with hormonal contraceptives. After all, the rest of the military simply pledged not to marry and not have children until a certain age. But they were not forbidden to have a romantic relationship with the prospect of a future marriage.
In case of pregnancy ahead of time, the woman and her partner, the ‘culprit’ of the incident, were demoted based on past merits. And it took a lot of effort to restore past achievements. But if the pregnancy was at the ‘right’ age, then the woman was entitled to paid maternity leave, and she had the opportunity to advance in the service (even if she was a single mother), as well as the father of the child.
Core-girls were immediately dismissed for having an intimate relationship of their own free will without the opportunity to resume service in the army. The ‘guilty’ man was also fired. If a man committed illegal actions against the Core-Girl, then if his guilt was proved, he was sentenced to death. And the girl, as the injured party, was offered another modest post in the army, in a distant garrison.
However, according to the official history, there has not yet been a single case of unwanted pregnancy in the Core-girl. And not only pregnancy! Even not a single violation regarding intimate relationships with a man was recorded! And Zima was surprised: that in so many years not a single violation... Isn't it strange? However, she did not rule out this.
Much more she disliked the fact that the Confederation of the Kingdoms at the government level actually interfered with the privacy of citizens and family planning. It is difficult for childless men to advance in the service or work. But it was much more difficult for women. After all, pregnancy and childbirth is primarily about a woman and her body. And along with the obligation to work, obligatory by default for all citizens, the entire household often fell on the woman after marriage (relatives did not always help). And after childbirth — taking care of the child. For, many husbands stayed away from raising children, considering it all ‘simple women's affairs, which are inherent in the essence of female nature by nature itself’.
Of course, there were men who helped their wives with the housework and were actively involved in raising children. But, again, this was not widespread in the Confederation of the Kingdoms, and was rather an exception to the rule.
But CK preferred not to deal with the problems of domestic violence, pretending that everything was fine and that this problem ‘did not exist’. All the timid attempts of journalists to conduct independent investigations on this topic, and miraculously got into the publication of stories, were ruthlessly refuted.
Zima observed some of the problems on the example of her parents. Oh no, her father never beat mother or daughters. He was a very good-natured person. But he never helped his wife with the housework.
Can refute this by saying that the girl's father works as the driver and is more tired than the librarian mother. But the mother had more than just duties in the reading room. The management often sent her out to meetings, commissioned her to organize formal cultural events, and also invited her to constant book inventories. As a result, in addition to her direct duties as the librarian, the woman did additional work. She came home much later than the end of the working day and began to cook dinner. For her husband, Zima's father (who usually came home on time), preferred to be hungry, waiting for his wife. After all, ‘cooking is a woman's work’.
As a result, Vesna learned to cook as a child. And when Zima grew up, her sister taught her to cook porridge and fry cutlets…
As a child, she tried to appeal to her father in this matter, over time she realized that all her efforts were useless. Then she stopped thinking about it, deciding that it was easier to cook simple dishes herself...
Alas, Zima realized early that the position of women in society leaves much to be desired. She recalled her sister's pregnancy, how she was ‘torn’ between home, work and children. But at the same time, she did not agree with the historical order that existed before the formation of the CK: when women, even formally, could not choose a spouse and inherit property. Noble ladies who existed in ten kingdoms literally two hundred years ago did not have the right to move freely and often became ‘bargaining chips’ in relations between families or countries.
When Zima was in elementary school, her class was taken on an excursion to a farm in one of the regional cities. The farmers, middle-aged husband and his wife, were accustomed to excursion — for some farmers had agreements with schools on this matter. Of course, all agreements were approved by the Ministry of Education, so that children understand the benefits of farming and its importance. After all, this contributes to the labor and moral education of the younger generation.
On the farm, Zima saw hens hatching eggs. The farmer then said:
“Look, children, these are hens! If you don't know, they are mothers of chickens. They lay eggs, some of which we eat. From the rest, chickens hatch. Girls-chicks grow into new hens and lay eggs too! And boy-chickens become roosters, daddies of chickens and husbands of hens.” 
Zima, being a curious child, then asked:
“Why do you have so few roosters on your farm? Where did the other chicken dads go?” 
The farmer was embarrassed not expecting such a question. His wife came to his aid:
“They are resting! After all, being a daddy of chickens is very difficult!” 
Little Zima realized that there was a catch in the answer. Later, from a library book on agriculture and poultry, she learned that most male chickens are fattened and sent to slaughter. Only those who can give the maximum offspring are left alive.
As she got older, the girl sometimes involuntarily thought: how is the society of the Confederation different from the chickens and roosters on the farm? Girls growing up become mothers from whom society demands to give birth to as many children as possible. And the boys become fathers and soldiers who die in conflicts with the Alliance... And neither women, nor even men, actually have no power over their lives. A gloomy association with a farm, to put it simply!
Even the Core-Girls, in the opinion of Zima, had their own association with the farm, albeit in a separate industry. For example, fuel for a tractor. After all, the Cores are, in fact, the precious fuel with which MeGs work and are sent into battle. And the Golems, in turn, are controlled by Pilots, at times, just like ordinary soldiers who die at the front.
However, Zima understood that in order to achieve her goals, she would have to be ‘fuel’. And at the same time try to get the maximum benefit from her position...
On average, two or three Core-Girls were found in one year. Rarely four. Sometimes — not one. Therefore, in most cases, the army ‘priestesses’ remained in their posts to the last. Some of them died in battle, in accidents, while others served for many years. However, like all other military personnel: each had her own destiny.
Usually, there were about fifty Core-Girls of various ages in the army. MeGs was in abundance in arsenals. And never in history has it happened that the number of Cores exceeded the number of MeGs...
...When, with the paperwork for entering the military academy, it was finally finished, Zima and Vera learned that their identification numbers would not change yet. And the additional digit ‘1’ at the end of the number will be added only after graduation. For, although the cadets were formally considered military personnel, they did not carry military service in full.
Then Zima and Vera underwent additional medical examinations and one more ‘Professional Fitness for the Cores’. As Zima understood, her indicators, for some reason, are higher than the norm even for Cores. Vera is a rather powerful middle Core. In the admissions committee, everyone was very surprised that two Cores were found in the same city on the same day. Moreover, the girls went to school together and were friends. An amazing rarity!
But the personalities of Cores were usually not covered in the media unnecessarily. Therefore, the girls did not get crowds of fans.
Mira did not pass the ‘Professional Fitness for the Cores’. But she successfully passed all the exams and entered to study as a sniper. She was very surprised when she heard that her friends turned out to be Cores! And with bitterness she realized that they would study in different buildings, and see each other less than before...
After the summer holidays, the new cadets went to the specified address to the academic barracks, where they all lived on full support. They were provided with food and military uniforms. The day off was given once — two days a month to see the family. Summer vacation is a month and a half from mid-July to late August.
The barracks themselves (and next to them the building of the military academy itself, where classes were held) were located in the city of Agunika.
From the very beginning of their training, Zima and Vera understood that everyone had a truly special attitude to the Cores. Unexpectedly for themselves, ordinary girls became part of the student elite with a scholarship of one hundred confs (with an average salary in the Confederation of one hundred and fifty confs) and passes to shops for the highest military officers, in which there was no shortage of goods. They were settled in a separate female dormitory together with the rest of the student elite — the other twelve Core-Girls, senior students. Each of them had its own comfortable room. At one time, the dormitory was clearly built with a large supply of rooms. Some of them were home to female teachers and female doctors from the military academy. There were also female engineers who would work with MeGs in the future.
There was also a separate male dormitory on the territory of the military academy. There lived male teachers, male doctors and young cadets who studied to be Pilots and engineers to service the MeGs.
Pilot and engineer for the MeGs candidates also received store passes for senior military officers and a hundred-confer scholarship for good study. Ordinary cadets did not have a scholarship, but they were given passes to special stores for junior officers (the choice of goods there was better than in ordinary stores, but much more modest than in stores for senior military officers).
At first glance, it may seem odd that elite students should receive such privileges. The question involuntarily arises: what about the burden on the budget? But it didn’t increase. For, only in the military academy of the city of Agunika, which was located in the region of Mokoshin, girl Cores, boys-Pilots and engineers of MeGs studied. In other words, these cadets came to Agunika from all ten kingdoms of the Confederation. Engineers and Pilots were usually recruited ten people per course. That is, no more than a hundred engineers and Pilots were studied in academy. And seldom did more than twelve or fifteen Core-Girls study at the same time.
However, when Zima entered the military academy, she did not care much. She just wanted to calmly go to classes in order to get a good characteristic (which was written not only in school, but in all educational institutions). The girl understood that if she wants to find out the truth about the death of her sister, as well as about the priestesses of Hors and the Goddess of the Earth, she will have to be patient and be careful.
Therefore, she tried to be polite with everyone and get along with fellow students.
Vera, so overwhelmed by the fact that she turned out to be the Core, was at a loss at the beginning of the academic year.
However, in a short time, she and Zima got used to their new position.
As in school, each day at the military academy began with a line in the assembly hall. And all the cadets, together with the teachers, watched the ‘Appeal to the Young Generation’ of the Ruler of the Light. But Zima developed the skill of ‘sleeping while standing with open eyes and a smart look’. Therefore, the monotonous speeches of Svyatozar did not particularly bother her.
She and Vera (like other Cores, as well as Pilots and MeG engineers) went to the main theoretical studies at the main building. There they, together with the rest of the first-year students (for convenience, they were divided into several ‘classes’), studied subjects such as the history of the Confederation, battle theory, strategy, the basics of first aid and magic. The basics of hand-to-hand combat and the use of firearms were also taught jointly for all first-year students.
Thanks to this, Vera and Zima could see Mira and communicate with her at breaks. But after general theoretical and a number of practical lessons, the girls parted. Mira went to the training building for snipers, where, together with classmates, she practiced shooting and studied other special subjects.
The engineers went to the hangar with the MeG training models, and the Pilots and Cores went to the training ground, where they practiced inside the training Golems. They were designed to take up very little of the girls' energy. After all, due to the fact that the number of Cores was limited, the Pilots were ‘divided’ between them. That is, both Zima and Vera practiced with five Pilots each. It took twenty minutes to train with one Pilot.
Before the start of her studies, Zima saw MeGs only on Cryst-lens and in the newspapers. But now she realized how impressive even the training models are.
MeG, the Mechanical Golem, was an enormous robot created from a rare and highly resilient nifril ore. Each MeG had two cockpits — one front, for the Pilot, and the other rear, for the Core, additionally protected from the back by reinforced nifril plates. Ejecting the Core was always a priority when needed. For, no matter how cynical it may sound, it's easier to replace the Pilot.
The cockpit for the Pilot had a seat, control panel and a crystal screen with magical runes, allowing you to see everything that happens in front. For, outside, MeG had a ‘dull’ armor made of nifril plates.
The cockpit of the Core also had a seat and a crystal screen with magical runes, allowing to see everything that happens from behind. Thus, the Core additionally informed the Pilot about the danger ‘behind his back’: a communication link was always established between the cockpits. And, of course, there were additional magical formulas in the cockpit of the Core: they took the girl's spiritual energy and redirected it to the magical reactor that set MeG in motion. There were no other devices in the cockpit to breathe life into the Mechanical Golem.
When working with Golems, Cores released two types of energy. The first is positive, which set MeG in motion. And the second is negative, a by-product of negative emotions and inner fears of girls. They were placed in a kind of energy briquettes, and they were specially transported for processing at the central temples of Hors and the Goddess of the Earth in Mokoshin.
Since the MeGs were powered by the girls' energy, many of the Cores suffered from chronic fatigue. Even in training, Zima saw how tired Vera and the senior girls were. Although she herself, for some reason, did not feel tired...
Zima liked the military academy. Of course, she understood that ‘Core’ was just a beautiful word. In fact, she and other girls like her were just fuel for the MeGs. But she reasonably reasoned that now she has many benefits (even while studying) and a chance to avenge her sister. All this warmed her soul.
Vera, realizing all the advantages of her new position, began to treat this in a similar way. But Mira was quietly sad. After all, she had to become what she did not want to be... The girl still dreamed of working as a teacher in a kindergarten, marrying Goven and having two children. But everyone expected something different from her. Everyone has already seen her brilliant future as a sniper. And no one thought about what she herself wants. Even her friends were unaware of this.
Mira herself could not reveal her true feelings to anyone. She was afraid that then she would disappoint everyone...
... At first everything went relatively well. Zima and Vera communicated with Mira, albeit to a lesser extent than at school. They attended classes and once a month received a two-day day off to visit their family (Cores, Pilots and engineers who lived in other kingdoms had a three-day day off — plus one day for the road). With so little free time, Zima hardly saw her nephews and niece, children of Vesna. But she periodically called them to find out how they were doing.
Vera and Zima did not develop close friendships with other cadets — the special lessons of Cores and Pilots took more time than other students. Because of this, the girls saw Mira even less. Although, in their free time, all the cadets (including the Cores) could freely walk around the territory of the academy, which even had interest clubs for the ‘harmonious development of the personalities of the cadets’. For example — a club for drawing, dancing, music, literature, etc.
Mira decided to join the drawing club. After all, there she could draw her favorite unicorns. Unlike Zima and Vera, the girl made many new friends. She realized that she was estranged from her childhood friends, and this oppressed her. But she couldn't change anything...
Zima and Vera continued to dating in secret. After all, the Cores must keep their virginity and avoid intimate relationships with men. The rules did not say anything about relationships with other girls. However, the girls promised each other even before the academy that they would not cross the ‘line’ until the age of eighteen.
Of course, at first they tried to counter their feelings because of their new statuses. But, in the end, they could not control themselves. And barely reaching the promised age, they could not resist feelings for each other. However, this did not affect the quality of their training in educational MeGs.
Involuntarily, the conclusion suggested itself: the relations between the two women, which were contrary to society, did not harm the power of the Cores.
The main thing is to technically preserve virginity, because gynecological examinations at the academy were often held.
However, the gynecologist at the academy was an extremely delicate woman. And visits to her soon stopped embarrassing the girls...
As for the relationship between Zima and Vera, everyone simply considered them close friends. They did not cross the line in public. All Cores had their own rooms. Plus, the girls never made any noise. And they did not think that in such a place as a military academy, in the rooms of elite cadets, there could be listening devices. However, the lovers were sure that no one knew about their relationship. Otherwise they would have already been expelled from the military academy. At least they thought so...
During the first visit home, Zima, out of interest, went to the center of Mokoshin, to the store for the highest military officers. Thanks to the pass given to her, she went inside without any problems.
Finding herself in the store, the girl at first thought that she was in another world. For the shelves around were filled with goods that were in short supply in ordinary stores. And it was all cost it with a minimal markup! That is, much cheaper than in ordinary shops... Feeling both delight and amazement, Zima made many purchases on her first scholarship. She was able to buy several cans of coffee (because the restriction of goods to one person in special stores did not work), new shoes for herself, new gloves for her father, a new hat for her mother.
And suddenly, in the clothing department, Zima saw a mink coat. Exactly the same as her mother admired for a long time! Then the mink coat seemed like an unattainable dream, for it cost ten thousand confs. But here, in a special store, its cost was five thousand confs, that is, half the price!
Of course, this was still an elusive dream. However, a fur coat of a similar style, made of sheared nutria, hung nearby. Outwardly, it was very much like a mink. And it was only cost a thousand confs. Although in ordinary stores the price for such a thing was five thousand confs!
And then Zima decided that she would certainly save up her scholarship in order to buy a fur coat for her mother. After all, the faux fur coat that she once sewed did not look the best for a long time...
The academic year at the military academy lasted ten and a half months. But at the end of the academic year, after successfully passing the exams, the elite cadets received a scholarship for a full month. Thus, Zima accumulated a thousand confs, and during the summer holidays she bought her mother a nutria fur coat.
When the girl's mother saw the purchase, at first she could not believe her eyes. And when, at last, she finally understood what exactly the daughter had brought from the store, she burst into tears of happiness. After all, all her life she dreamed of a real fur coat!
Vera also often shocked her parents with her purchases in a special store. She bought groceries and clothes that were simply not available in ordinary stores.
Mira also visited a special store for junior officers during the weekend. But, as expected from the daughter of the Deputy Minister of Culture and a famous ballerina, she was not impressed by the assortment. After all, the girl's parents had passes to special stores. And she, like their child, could pass with them...
Thus, quietly and peacefully passed the first course of study at the military academy in the city of Agunika, which was located in the Mokoshin region.
But before the second year, problems began. First, before the start of the new academic year, Vera's dog, Chernysh, died. He was already old and lived a long life for the dog. But Vera, her parents, and Zima, who often saw the dog visiting her friend, were inconsolable. The girl's brother, who had served two years in the army and had recently returned home, also grieved for the dog. He was able to quickly get married well, got a job as a driver and went to live with his wife. When puppies were born to his wife's dog, he offered his parents and Vera to take one. But they grieved so bitterly for Chernysh that they refused. As a result, other owners were found for the puppies...
Literally a month later, at the end of September, another misfortune occurred. Namely: Mira's father, Boyan, was suddenly accused of high treason. City guards raided his home with a search, during which they found documents indicating involvement in dubious financial transactions and illegal purchases of clandestine weapons.
Boyan denied his guilt. He claimed that he did not know where these documents came from at his home. He assumed that they were planted by detractors who secretly entered the dwelling. Or they were planted by the maid Romashka, who was bribed. Of course, the woman denied her involvement and claimed that she was seeing these documents for the first time.
Boyan was taken to the city dungeon for further interrogation. His wife and Mira's mother, Beryoza, went mad with worry. In a fit of anger, she fired the maid, accusing her of arresting her husband. And she rushed to ‘knock the doorsteps’ of various instances, so that the relevant authorities could find evidence that Boyan had been slandered.
Mira was at the military academy at that time and did not know about anything. She was happy: after all, the boy whom she liked from school, Goven (who studied a year younger), followed her, and also entered the military academy, as a radio operator. He had mutual feelings for the girl, and they, finally, could see and communicate with each other.
Mira guessed that something bad was happening at home. On the phone, her mother told her in a worried voice that she and girl's father had a lot of work lately. Then she get off the phone. But the girl convinced herself that everything was fine, that her parents were really just busy at work.
Therefore, Mira learned about what had happened at home from the school teachers. Rather, she accidentally overheard snippets of their conversation, from which she realized that her father was in trouble.
The question arises: how did the academy teachers know such details? It's very simple: the husband of one of the teachers worked as an investigator. And, although he should not discuss work with his family and other third parties, he accidentally mentioned that he was looking for evidence that could justify the Deputy Minister of Culture accused of treason.
The teacher immediately understood that it was about the father of one of her students, Mira. And it was completely unethical from a professional point of view to tell her friends about everything at work. Those, like most CK teachers, were not distinguished by delicacy and tact. And soon, the entire teaching staff of the academy knew about the position of Mira's father.
The girl was shocked, it seemed to her that her world was crumbling. She was afraid to call home or discuss it with Zima, Vera or Goven, and even more so she did not want to talk about it with the teachers. Who, in turn, like gossips from the city market, discussed this news.
Soon, the situation worsened. The rest of the students, like Mira, heard the conversations of the teachers. At first they just looked sideways at the student and whispered behind her back. But soon targeted bullying began. As if recently Mira was not everyone's favorite and excellent student of the course. As if fellow students hadn't called her their friend just recently. Most of the students, succumbing to the herd feeling, took up arms against one single girl.
She was insulted, called the daughter of a traitor, tripped up, spat on her bag as soon as she turned away. Goven, Zima and Vera tried to stand up for her. Goven, as an ordinary cadet who did not have special privileges or influential parents, was also bullied. Other cadets preferred not to mess with Zima and Vera, since they are the Cores. But the girls could not be with their friend around the clock, with all their desire.
The teachers did not want to interfere with this. They pretended that everything was in order and that nothing was happening. Some teachers behind the back also called Mira the daughter of a traitor.
Then came the weekend, during which the cadets went home. Returning home, Mira discussed the incident with her father with her mother, but did not say anything about bullying at the academy. And after the weekend, things got even worse.
Zima and Vera tried to help their friend, personally went to the senior teaching staff to ask them to stand up for the girl and influence the situation. They hoped that they, as the Cores, would be listened to. But the teachers only answered that the conflicts among the cadets, alas, are the usual educational practice.
One day, the situation got out of control. Mira's classmates: two guys and two girls, trapped her in the hallway. The guys were holding the tearing Mira, and the girls took scissors from their bags and cut off her wonderful long reddish hair. The rest of the cadets watched what was happening: Mira's fellow students, junior students and senior students. They all laughed, because what was happening seemed incredibly funny to them.
Mira, unable to restrain herself, let out a heartbreaking cry, broke free and ran away in tears. Alas, Zima and Vera were not with her at that time: they were in training for the Cores.
Nobody knew where the girl ran away. Everyone was more amused by the incident itself. The teachers again pretended that nothing was happening, and they allegedly did not notice anything.
Nobody saw Mira all day. Concerned, Zima, Vera and Goven tried unsuccessfully to find her. And in the evening, the girl's mother, Beryoza, called the academy. In a joyful voice, she asked to call her daughter to the phone.
No one knew that on that day, the charges against Mira's father, Boyan, were dropped. Investigators, almost by a miracle, managed to find the real culprit of the incident. He turned out to be the second deputy Minister of Culture. He found out that the Minister of Culture, who was going to retire on a well-deserved retirement, wanted to recommend Boyan to his place. No one in the ministry had any objections. And the second deputy decided to ‘remove’ the competitor in order to get the coveted post himself.
He had useful contacts in the Ministry of Personnel, with the help of which he ‘got out’ to Boyan's maid, Romashka. Knowing all the personal data of the woman, the second deputy ordered her to plant fake documents on a competitor. Otherwise, he threatened to harm her family. And the maid had no choice but to do what she herself did not want...
The woman was interrogated again, after the arrest of the second deputy. And this time she confirmed everything...
Now Boyan was to be released from prison. His reputation was completely rehabilitated... And soon, wishing to cover up the unpleasant matter, all the top leaders intended to make him the new Minister of Culture.
Beryoza, having called the military academy, wanted to tell her daughter the good news. But the teachers, not knowing where Mira, lied to her mother that the girl was resting at the infirmary because of a severe headache.
And only after Beryoza called, they were puzzled by the search for the cadet, realizing that if something happened to her, they would all be in trouble.
And the entire staff of the academy began to search. Having learned about this Zima, Vera and Goven voluntarily joined them. Nobody thought that Mira could escape the territory. For the educational institution was too well guarded — it was surrounded by high walls with magical protective formulas. Outside there were several outposts. The gate was also heavily guarded. For, in the military academy of Agunika, the Cores, Pilots and engineers of MeGs, precious to the Confederation, studied. The staff and management of the academy were literally responsible for them with their own heads.
Soon, the teachers found Mira behind the outbuildings. But it was too late. A lifeless girl was lying on the ground. Nearby scattered a handful of poisonous bright orange berries of Fox's Eye (they got the name for their color), which grew so inappropriately behind the outbuildings. Even the children knew they shouldn't be eaten. Otherwise, poisoning, and in the worst case — death! Usually these berries did not grow in the autumn, but this year, due to the heat, they were delayed...
From one glance at Mira it became clear what exactly happened. And that nothing can be changed...
The doctors who arrived in time were at first confused, but soon went for a stretcher to take the body to the infirmary. Other teachers also quickly pulled themselves together. They realized that something irreparable had happened, and began to feverishly think: what to do next? They didn't know what to do. And they understood that the story came out, to put it mildly, the most unpleasant. One of the cadets was brought to a nervous breakdown by other students, the teachers did nothing in this situation. And the girl committed suicide.
If it was about any other cadet, the teachers would not worry. But Mira, even though she was the daughter of the ‘traitor’ (although teachers did not understand from the joyful voice of Beryoza on the phone that the charges against Boyan had been dropped), she was also a close friend of the two Cores.
The teachers did not want to interfere when the other cadets were bullying the girl. They didn’t think it could come to that. And now they felt fear, and did not know what to do if the Core-Girls told the investigators about the teachers' inaction. To lie that Zima and Vera are too upset by the death of their friend and cannot perceive the situation adequately? And Mira herself committed suicide because she could not survive her father's betrayal? Exactly, this is exactly what it should be said!
While the teachers were pondering, following the doctors who carried the girl's lifeless body, they completely forgot that those very Cores were also looking for the friend.
Zima, Vera and Goven examined the outbuildings in another part of the academy's territory. Not finding Mira there, they rushed in search of teachers. Seeing them from afar together with doctors carrying a stretcher, all three guys froze for a moment. They immediately understood in their hearts what exactly happened, but refused to believe it.
They rushed to their friend, with the faint hope that she was simply unconscious or injured. The teachers unsuccessfully tried to lead them away, saying that Mira was unconscious and she needed medical attention. But Zima, Vera and Goven decisively ‘broke through’ to the girl. They tried to revive her, but, alas, to no avail...
Having finally realized what had happened, Zima, Vera and Goven burst into sobbing that one of the doctors and a nurse, who had a first-aid kit, just in case, injected them with a sedative. When the girls and the young man were weakened by the quick-acting medicine, and the teachers were able to take them aside, other doctors unhindered carried Mira's body to the infirmary...
Further, for Zima everything was again as if in a fog, just as after the death of Vesna. She did everything automatically, and seemed to watch herself from the side. She remembered the ambulance and city guards arriving at the academy that night. It was required to officially register the death of the cadet. Zima, Vera and Goven were asked some questions. But even under the influence of strong sedatives, they were able to talk about the bullying of the friend by other cadets, and about the inaction of teachers.
But since neither Core, nor the MeG engineer, or the daughter of a high-ranking official committed suicide (no one knew about Boyan's acquittal), the investigators accepted the version of the teachers. Namely, they believed in the story that Zima, Vera and Goven were too upset by the death of their friend, who could not survive the betrayal of her father.
And even later, when the investigators learned that Mira's father was officially acquitted, they did not make any changes to the investigation. For the military academy of Agunika is the only place in the CK where the Cores, MeG engineers and Pilots were taught. Why spoil the reputation of such an educational institution?
As a result, the case was cover up. The teachers reprimanded those cadets who brought Mira to a nervous breakdown, but did not exclude them. They just threatened with a bad characteristic.
Mira's funeral ceremonies took place in the same square where the Vesna funeral pyre once burned. All the teachers, heartbroken grandparents of the deceased, as well as Mira's classmates were present. Of course, Zima, Vera and Goven were also there. Boyan barely found the strength to come to his daughter's funeral. He was as pale as snow, but he could no longer cry — his strength left him. Beryoza could not say goodbye to the deceased. Upon learning of her daughter's death, she believed until the last that there had been some mistake. But when she arrived at the morgue and saw the dead Mira, she lost consciousness. And when the woman regained consciousness, she could not utter a word and looked at one point with a defocused gaze. She had to be placed in a hospital...
Zima, Vera and Goven were like ghosts. The next weekend after Mira's death, when all the cadets went home, Goven suddenly disappeared. He simply did not come home, and then did not return to the academy... Nobody knew where he was. But his parents were the strangest of all. To all the questions of the investigation, they answered in surprise that they never had a son, only a daughter — Goven's younger sister. And they could not remember where the boy's things came from in their apartment... The younger sister of the missing boy behaved the same way as her parents...
The doctors and the investigation decided that the whole family had a severe mental disorder due to the disappearance of their son. They were observed for a long time by doctors (however, without placement in a special institution). But the mysterious amnesia never gone...
As for Romashka, in the past she always assumed that when the Ministry no longer needed her, she would have an accident. And so it happened. 
On that day, an unsuspecting woman was returning home from this very Ministry, when suddenly she ‘fell’ on the rails. Before she could figure out what had happened, she was hit by a commuter train. The investigation was never able to establish: whether someone pushed her deliberately or was it an accident? As a result, the second was officially recognized…
... Zima and Vera could not come to terms with the loss of their friend. They hated the academy with all their hearts, but they understood that like the Cores, they had nowhere to go. In addition, despite the bitterness of loss, Zima realized that she could not retreat if she wanted to find out the truth about her sister's death...
With incredible mental effort, the girls finished their second year and even passed the exams well. They both just wanted to go on summer vacation, and get a little distracted from the academy and everything connected with it. And now, the long-awaited time has come...
***
Zima was sitting in the back seat of her father's old car. She and her parents went to the village, to her grandmother. This year, the parents' holidays coincided very well with their daughter's.
Zima's paternal grandmother lived in a village near a small town, relatively close to the border with the Kingdom of Kunin, one of the countries of the Alliance. The mother's parents lived in another city, which was located even further, in the interior of the country. It was not possible to reach them by car in a day. The journey to them took two days by train. Therefore, relatives rarely visited each other, preferring to often call back. But they were very proud that their daughter (Zima's mother), once graduated from the Mokoshin Literary Institute with a degree in librarian, was well married and lives in the capital.
Since childhood, Zima liked to come to the city to see grandfather and grandmother on the mother's side (although it rarely happened), and to the village to visit her grandmother on the father's side. There has always been a calm and peaceful atmosphere in the village. Although, in itself, it was considered quite large — a thousand houses, in each of which at least one person lived. And, despite the fact that some of the youth wanted to leave for large cities, many remained in their native places and were engaged in agriculture.
Of course, life in the village has never been easy. But there were also pluses. Someone liked to live away from the city. Someone saw the positive aspects of having your own vegetable garden in order to grow fruits and vegetables. Someone had their own livestock. In addition, village administrations (usually one per a number of settlements) gave permission to hunt. And mushrooms and berries in the forest can be picked without restrictions.
There were clubs and cinemas in the larger villages. Paradoxically, in the village cinemas, earlier than in the cities, new films were shown. Including, purchased in different countries of the Southern and Eastern Continent, and sometimes in the neutral countries of the Northern Continent.
For example, recently, the films of the Kingdom of Daro and the Heavenly Empire from the Eastern Continent have been popular in the Confederation of the Kingdoms.
The Kingdom of Daro was famous for its romantic films. They were beautiful stories, with great costumes. The heroes went through various trials and hardships, but in the end they found their happiness. All this was accompanied by elements of the musical: songs and dances.
The Heavenly Empire loved to make films about its historical figures and famous personalities of antiquity. Their films also featured beautiful costumes and incredible magical battles.
There have always been long queues for films from the Kingdom of Daro and the Heavenly Empire at CK cinemas. Sometimes, even more than movies made in the Confederation itself.
After all, CK also shot many different films: fairy tales for children, and magic stories for adults, and comedies, and stories about the deeds of ancient personalities.
And now, Zima's parents were arguing heatedly over the topic of cinema. Although the father was driving, he actively supported the argument with his wife.
“The last film from Kingdom of Daro, ‘Rita and Rita’, is very beautiful and romantic!” mother spoke passionately. “The story of two twin sisters, separated in childhood and given the same name, is incredibly moving! They grew up in different families, but in the end they met again and overcame all the hardships!” 
“Oh yes, truly incredible!” father sarcastically noticed. “Especially when they were separated in infancy! Their parents were driving, when suddenly the wife started giving birth! And they asked for help in the nearest house, which they met on the way! I, of course, do not really understand the intricacies of all these matters, but I do not believe that a woman, giving birth outside the clinic and without anesthesia, could not have noticed that she gave birth to twins!” 
“Dad, don't get distracted from the road,” Zima said melancholy.
In fact, she was glad to hear her parents argue. This distracted her from thinking about Mira. And from bad feelings that in the end, sooner or later, Vera will also leave her.
“No, Vera went to the village to visit her grandmother! It's in a different part of the Confederation, far from the Alliance border! Everything will be fine!” the girl said to herself.
“I'm not distracted! I can talk and drive!” answered, meanwhile, the father.
And the mother again objected to her husband:
“You do not understand anything! This is an allegory! To enhance the tragedy of the story, and to show the fortitude of the characters who literally fought for their happiness!” 
“Mom, don't distract dad,” Zima said melancholy again.
“What is there to be distracted by? There are almost no cars on the road!” answered the mother.
Indeed, in the Confederation, the car was expensive. Not everyone could buy it. The car had in Zima's family only because her father worked as the driver. And he was able to buy a decommissioned car. He repaired it, monitored it. And thus, the vehicle, despite its considerable age, has been driving for many years.
“By the way, about the cars... We need to refuel... The sensor shows that the magic briquette is almost died…” remarked the father. “Let's go to a gas station and buy a new one!” 
As it is known, the main part of the cars, including public transport, worked on magic briquettes of a certain volume and size. For private cars there were some briquettes, for trucks — others, and for public transport — still others. Drivers could buy briquettes at gas stations. Changed their drivers themselves — fortunately, it was done easily so that people could handle on their own.
Briquettes for cars, like all magic briquettes in CK, existed thanks to the energy of the prayers of the priestesses of Hors and the Goddess of the Earth. And all the drivers, after visiting the gas stations, mentally thanked the golden-eyed maidens. Indeed, without them, transport problems would arise. For, gasoline-based cars (which existed in small numbers in the Alliance) were banned by environmental regulations in the Confederation.
... Having heard the proposal of father, Zima and her mother actively supported him. Moreover, the gas station was right along the way, there is a toilet and can have a snack. After all, the road to the village is not close: six hundred kilometers. They had to leave early in the morning to arrive in the evening. Fortunately, the roads were, indeed, almost empty. But sitting in the car for such a long time was tiring. Therefore, Zima and her parents at the same time wanted to eat and exercise a little. And then go on.
The girl did not yet know what an amazing meeting awaits her in the near future...

Chapter 2. Where has Olivier gone?
World of Geba, Seltsam, a hidden castle in the woods near the capital Drache, 956 post-Renaissance
Olivier Edelweiss sighed heavily, remembering his unbearable wife Agatha, children, mother, father and his second wife. How he missed them all these two years that he was absent from home! He even missed his younger sister, Avril. What the man could never have thought of before is that he will miss her!
It just so happened that Olivier did not love his younger sister. Although no, not like that — he envied her and hated her at the same time, trying to carefully hide it. Avril annoyed him incredibly. Of course, it didn't start right away. When the girl was just born, he, like an older brother, loved her very much. And he was even mentally proud: “I have become a big brother! Now I have a cute little little sister!” 
The girl grew up very pretty and smart. She always loved to dress up and paid attention to her appearance. Olivier was always touched by how Avril plays the princess and watches with delight the programs on the Cryst-lens about beauty. And at the same time, he was amazed at how well the girl understood exact sciences. After all, she understood mathematics better than most of her peers! Both her father and Olivier hoped that in the future she would also become a talented engineer...
But once a conversation took place between Olivier and Avril, after which the man's attitude to his seven-year-old sister at that time changed forever.
On that day, he visited his father's house and decided to show his little sister a magic book for beginners. The girl was playing in the living room at that time.
“Look, Avril! This is a beginner's magic book! Formally, it is considered the book for children from the age of sixteen who are just starting to learn magic theory! But you are so smart for your age! Look how interesting! There are simple formulas here! If anything, I can explain everything to you!” 
Olivier handed the book to the girl who was enthusiastically combing the popular doll Mary. Unlike classic baby dolls, Mary looked like an adult girl, a slender brunette. Many different accessories were sold for her: clothes, cars, houses, furniture, fairy paraphernalia, costumes of various specialties (doctor, military, city guard, cashier, etc.). Mary had many friends: various dolls in the form of adult girls and boys with their own accessories.
The image of the doll of Mary and her friends has been popular for ten years, and often caused controversy among parents. Someone considered it a ‘harmful’ product for children, laying too idealized ideas about beauty, and forcing parents to buy many different accessories. But someone believed that the image of Mary is positive. After all, she is an active girl with many friends, leading a healthy lifestyle and working in the ‘right’ professions.
Of course, Avril also had several different versions of the Mary doll and her friends, as well as a variety of accessories.
“Avril, come on, look at the book!” repeated Olivier.
“I'm not interested,” the girl replied in a bored voice, reluctantly distracting from the doll. “I know what the magic books say. I saw them in father's office. The ones he let me see are boring.” 
“Well... He has complicated books... And this one is easier!” 
Olivier himself did not know what kind of reaction he expected from a seven-year-old girl. Perhaps he just wanted to interest his sister. After all, magic is a complex science. And the sooner person start learning the basics, the better. This will definitely come in handy in the future for the girl from the family of a military engineer!
Avril took the book in her hands and opened it.
“Description of the basics... I know this, I have already read it in father's books,” she sighed in a bored voice, starting to turn the pages. “This is the formula for an illumination spell... It concentrates energy and causes light to refract. And this is the formula for starting a fire — it concentrates energy, causes a spark and then a chemical reaction of combustion... And this is a magic formula for moving objects. It also concentrates energy and allows you to move things in space...” 
The girl talked about magic formulas and their action. Olivier froze in place with amazement. Who would have thought that a seven-year-old child had already read and studied all this! Moreover, according to father's books, written not for children!
“You are great, Avril, you already know so much!” finally said the astonished elder brother. “But did you know that formulas can be used in practice?” 
“Of course,” she said in the same bored voice.
The girl took a drawing pad and wrote a formula for moving objects with a felt-tip pen. After that, she folded the sheet, attached it with a hair clip to the dress of her doll Mary, concentrated and... The doll Mary rose over the coffee table and flew over it a little. Then it fell down.
Olivier widened his eyes. A seven-year-old girl easily did what he studied for many years! Even though the doll fell quickly, it is incredible for a child that she wrote the formula correctly and was able to concentrate properly!
“It's boring,” Avril shrugged, meanwhile. “I think if I practice concentration, I can move objects more skillfully. But I do not want. It's not fun. It's incredibly boring! The formulas and how they work are so obvious! Not interesting at all! I'd rather play with Mary.” 
“Ah... Not interesting... Better to play with Mary...” Olivier echoed.
A vague feeling arose in him. At the same time envy, surprise, and distrust of his own eyes. He realized that his sister was genius in her own way. And for this he hates her and envies her.
Time passed, Avril grew up, and by the age of twelve she had read all the books from her father's library. For her, mathematics, physics, chemistry, biology and magic formulas are so simple and obvious that she was completely uninterested in it. She did not value her own abilities. But, for some reason, she found it fascinating to devote time to the ‘cult of beauty’ and her appearance. And for this, Olivier, to whom study and magic were always given due to the work of perseverance, hated his sister and envied her even more...
How many years have passed since that fateful day when Avril first showed her powers of magic? It turned out to be eleven.
“So I have been here for two years…” Olivier said quietly, going up to the window.
He was in his room inside a castle hidden in the woods. The castle itself is located not far from the capital of the Kingdom of Seltsam, the city of Drache. It looked not at all remarkable, and looked more like an old country residence made of gray stone.
The castle-residence was surrounded by a high wall, covered with protective magic formulas, which formed an additional magical barrier. It was possible to go outside only with special magic formulas, which served as ‘passes’.
Scientists and engineers abducted from different countries around the world lived in the castle-residence. Yes, exactly — abducted. And by the personal order of the Kaiser of Seltsam himself, Wilhelm, also known as the ‘Mad Artist’. And Olivier was no exception.
Two years ago, the man once again quarreled with his wife. He came home from work late that day, and had to cancel planned family dinner.
Agatha was very offended, and could not stand it, began to reprimand her husband that he did not pay attention to her, and her best years of life were wasted. Olivier replied to his wife that she did not want to understand him. Mutual reproaches grew louder, and as a result, a scandal broke out. Olivier and Agatha's children, a boy and a girl, were at home at that time, but despite their very young age, were already used to parental quarrels. They, as always, just locked themselves in their rooms and waited for everything to end.
The man that time got so angry with his wife that he left home. He understood — the love between them had long passed. Sometimes they tried to spend time together, but nothing good, it usually did not end. It would have been easier not to torment each other and divorce, but he did not want to share the joint property and custody of the children. And if he initiates a divorce, then Agatha will be entitled to increased alimony. If Agatha becomes the initiator of the divorce, she will not receive increased alimony, and she will have to look for work. But she only knew how to be a model, without other knowledge and skills. However, the woman has not was in photo shoots for a long time. Therefore, the couple continued to live together, annoying each other more and more. And trying unsuccessfully to mend relationships...
On that ill-fated evening, after a quarrel with Agatha, Olivier wanted to get drunk and rent a room in a nearby hotel so as not to return home. And the next morning, as always, go to work.
He really could drink moderately. He knew how to stop with alcohol in time.
The man had already left the bar, and staggering slightly, he headed to the nearest hotel, when suddenly everything went dark in front of his eyes. And the next moment he felt pain in the back of his head and lost consciousness.
Olivier did not know that a veil was thrown over his head and he was stunned with a heavy object.
He woke up in an unfamiliar place, in a room with simple furniture. There was no one around. The clothes on him were not his, but more like some kind of uniform. On his right leg, the man found a bracelet with magic formulas. He had never seen such a combination of formulas before, but realized that it was something like a tracking artifact.
Olivier tried to remove the bracelet, but it was impossible. It was made from nifril ore and sealed on the leg. It did not squeeze the skin or cause discomfort. However, it is impossible to damage the magic formulas on strong nifril ore, or even more so to break the bracelet without special tools. For, nifril ore can only be damaged with a nifril ore tool. Or a strong magical explosion.
Olivier, realizing that he was in serious trouble, tried to leave the room, but the door was locked. The windows also did not open and did not break. The glass was armored, and on top of that it was covered with enhancing magic formulas.
However, the situation soon cleared up. A man in a medical uniform entered the room. Seeing that the ‘prisoner’ woke up, he politely asked about his health with a Seltsam accent.
“I feel fine, but... What is this place? Where? And why are they keeping me here? What is this bracelet on my leg? How much did I sleep?” trying to remain calm, asked Olivier.
“Oh! This place has no official name... We just call it the Castle in the Forest!” answered the doctor. “And you slept for two days.” 
“Two days... Not a little... You speak with a Seltsam accent. We're in Seltsam, aren't we? Or at some important person's house elsewhere?” 
“Yes, we are in Seltsam!” 
“Are you answering me so easily?” 
“There is no point in hiding it! In addition, since you woke up, you will soon be met by an important person, who ordered you to be brought here,” the doctor smiled. “In the meantime, if necessary, you can use the bathroom — it's outside the door in the corner of the room. And I will tell you to bring you lunch. And by the way, don't try to escape from here — it's useless. Waste your time. The Castle in the Forest is surrounded by a wall with magical formulas that form an additional magical barrier. It keeps track of everyone who goes in and out of it. You can enter and exit the barrier only with special magic formulas. And with a bracelet on your leg, you simply cannot overcome the barrier. Hit its like a wall! And by the way, nothing hurts you?” 
“It seems not...” 
“Exactly? Do your genitals hurt?” 
“What? What does my genitals have to do with it?” 
“We castrated you. You have to pee while sitting.” 
“What?” Olivier jumped up in disbelief.
He looked into his pants and froze in horror. There was nothing below. In the literal sense of the word.
“How so? I don't feel pain...” he muttered in confusion. And only after that, the man realized that his voice began to sound different.
“We have healed all wounds with healing magic. You can go to the toilet without any problems, there is no need to smear or bandage the affected area,” the doctor replied calmly.
“What for? Why?” Olivier jumped up to him in anger and grabbed him by the shoulders. “Did you do that? For what? What's going on here? I can't believe it!” 
All the restraint disappeared, the man wanted to burst into tears. The doctor remained unperturbed.
“Yes, it was my assistants who did it,” he replied. “We do this with all the men and women brought here on the orders of one very important person. That person is very interested that you and other talented scientists and engineers work without being distracted by relationships, and as he says — ‘a hurricane of hormones’. Therefore, if it becomes easier for you, I also went through this procedure. And yes, I have a bracelet on my leg like yours.” 
The doctor moved a little away from Olivier, took off his pants and showed the consequences of the operation. After that, he also calmly put on his trousers, and raised his trouser leg, showed the bracelet.
“I don’t believe...” Olivier's anger faded for a moment. And the question involuntarily burst out: “What are you doing with women?
“We remove part of the internal organs and carry out continuous hormonal therapy,” the doctor replied.
And he went away, leaving the ‘prisoner’ in complete shock. Olivier himself was in a daze for some time, trying to realize the unexpected changes in his life. He wanted to destroy everything around him, it seemed to him that he was completely decimated. But still, he tried to pull himself together.
The man bitterly realized that the changes in his body could not be corrected. It was impossible even for himself to describe his feelings. He was seized by such contradictory and bitter feelings.
And it is unlikely that he will be able to escape from this place in the near future... Therefore, the best idea that came to his mind was to tidy himself up, eat and look around. To pretend that he obeyed that ‘important person’. After all, only a truly influential and noble person can do this!
Olivier washed his face. Soon, a young man in the uniform of a medical staff brought him food. Later, the same young man brought him a change of clothes and took him to another wing of the residence. They came to a spacious office with a classic interior. There, on an armchair with a high back, sat... Kaiser Wilhelm himself! There were two armed guards standing next to him. A doctor was on duty in the corner of the room, in case Mr. Edelweiss tried to harm the ruler, and the guards had to neutralize him.
Of course, the ‘prisoner’ recognized the Kaiser. The eccentric ruler of Seltsam was widely known throughout the world, throughout the planet Geba. He maintained relations with the Confederation of the Kingdoms, and with the Alliance, and with the countries of the Northern, Eastern and Southern Continents.
It was no secret to anyone in the Alliance that Wilhelm likes to paint strange pictures and requires his ministers to strip naked in order to have inspiration.
... At the sight of Olivier, the ruler of Seltsam, ‘Mad Artist’, smiled. And he began to speak in a soft voice. He spoke in the language of Lutetia with a slight accent that he really admires Olivier as an engineer. And therefore, ordered to bring him to the Castle in the Forest.
Unable to contain his righteous indignation, Mr. Edelweiss cried out:
“Your Majesty Kaiser Wilhelm! Even if you are the ruler of Seltsam, this does not give you the right to abduct and castrate people!” 
“Of course not,” Wilhelm replied in surprise. “Therefore, no one knows about this place. You and other scientists will live here until old age and engage in science for the benefit of my great Kingdom of Seltsam. You don't have to worry about anything: you will be provided with the best research equipment. You can ask for any things, books and any food. But within reason, of course! Also, you will have your own room. More comfortable than the one in which you woke up. Watching a Cryst-lens in your free time is not prohibited. I even grant my scientists two days off a week! And you all have the right to a two-week vacation a year: during this time, you can do nothing and rest. Regarding medical care, don't worry about anything either! The Castle in the Forest has gathered the best doctors who will monitor your health! You can also move freely around the residence. But you cannot leave it: the bracelet on your leg will not allow this. And you just hit the wall of the barrier, even if you try to go through the open gate. And in old age, you will even have a kind of ‘pension’! A separate wing of the Castle is prepared for the life of scientists who cannot continue to work because of their age! For their past merits, they are well cared for and given whatever they desire! They have their own rooms, they can also read, watch Cryst-lenses and move freely around the territory! After all, I am a great humanist and I respect the rights of people! Although, you can't get out of here! And also you cannot contact your family in any way! I took care of the lines of communication in this place that cannot be hacked, and through which you all can only contact me! But everyone in this place is provided with periodic reports on the lives of your families!” 
“What if someone outside comes to the Castle in the Forest?” Olivier asked skeptically.
“Oh, don't worry! Around the Castle are spells that ‘take’ people away. Without special pass spells, no one will come here! Everyone will just wander around! And I will anticipate the question: no one will see this place from the aviation either! The protective barrier additionally creates the illusion of a forest when viewed from above! And at the same time, it protects from shells that can get here! Of course, hardly anyone will shoot in the woods near Drache, the capital of Seltsam, but extra precaution will not hurt.” 
Wilhelm smiled with a pure and honest smile. Mr. Edelweiss could not believe that this man was capable of such things. And it was scary.
“Me...” the man tried to utter it, but the word never came out of his mouth.
“I know what you want to ask. I order to do this with all my future employees,” Wilhelm replied calmly.
“What for?” Olivier again became furious, with difficulty restraining himself so as not to punch in the face of the Kaiser.
“You don’t need this,” ruler of Seltsam replied with genuine bewilderment. “Both men and women work here. And I don't want everyone to waste time on relationships. Ten years ago, when I first created this place, I ordered to bring several scientists here. And they were constantly distracted from working for each other and finding out the relationship! But when, on my order, their bodies were corrected, everything became much better.” 
Olivier looked at Kaiser Wilhelm like a madman. Although, why ‘like’? After all, it is so! He is the ‘Mad Artist’! The most eccentric and weirdest ruler in the history of Seltsam! But at the same time, his madness was in many ways bordering on genius.
“And what will I research?” Edelweiss asked doomily, realizing that in the near future he would definitely not have an opportunity to escape. Therefore, he should not anger this madman.
“Specifically, you, Olivier Edelweiss, interested me as a military engineer. Therefore, your main research profile will be the creation of aircraft and the use of appropriate magic formulas with them. Two more scientists will work with you: from the Confederation of the Kingdoms and from the Kingdom of Daro. In general, a variety of scientific research takes place in the Castle in the Forest. But mostly magical, medical, military, and immortality research.” 
“What, sorry, was the last one?” 
“Research on immortality,” Wilhelm replied calmly. “I want to receive eternal life, like Ruler of the Light Svyatozar. And I also wish the weapons of the deities, as in ancient myths, making endless arrows of fire.” 
Olivier looked at him skeptically.
“Oh yeah! I know all those doubts about Svyatozar! They are supposedly different people with similar looks, and the Confederation of the Kingdoms is actually ruled from the shadows by ministers!” the Kaiser laughed. “But, believe me — it is not! All two hundred CK is ruled by one person! I've been watching him for too long. And I have proof of this! And I just want to get the same!” 
Wilhelm laughed again and talked about various things for a long time and excitedly. Edelweiss finally realized that he had fallen into the hands of a real madman.
... Two years have passed since then. Life in the Castle in the Forest was boring and monotonous. All staff (doctors, cleaners, maids, cooks, gardeners) were also abducted, could not leave the territory of the Castle in the Forest, and they were all castrated or sterilized too. Absolutely everyone — both men and women. But a romantic relationship still took place, albeit platonic. Men and women, men and men, women and women — could hug and spend a lot of time together. Although, as it seemed to Olivier, many entered into such a relationship in order to have moral support.
The man was given a comfortable room, and he, indeed, could get any thing or any dish, if it did not contradict reasonable. Several of the Kaiser's trusted men, who had magic passes, were involved in the supply of everything needed.
Olivier was engaged in research and the creation of aircraft, along with the same abducted scientists from the kingdom of Daro and the Confederation of the Kingdoms. They worked in a comfortable and high-tech laboratory located under the Castle in the Forest.
The laboratory went down many floors; many other scientists, also kidnapped from different countries, worked in it. They all tried to morally support each other, because they were in the same conditions. Everyone spoke in the language of Mercia — it was considered the most widespread in the world, its basics were taught even in CK. And although the citizens of the Confederation did not travel to the Alliance, some, for work or duty, traveled to different countries of the Northern, Eastern, Southern Continents and to Seltsam, where they needed a foreign language.
Olivier, like other scientists at the Castle in the Forest, knew the language of Mercia quite well, therefore he did not have any special problems in communication.
Also, Edelweiss realized several things during his two years in the Castle in the Forest. For example, that Wilhelm really believed in the possibility of becoming immortal and receiving the weapon of the deities from ancient myths (which makes endless fiery arrows). A group of scientists conducted such research, but they were constantly marking time, not knowing how to achieve a breakthrough.
Olivier also learned that the riots in the Alliance, as well as the disfigured bodies of refugees, are the work of Wilhelm's loyal people, acting on his orders. Refugees and migrants fell prey to cruel magical experiments. Kaiser's magicians engaged in secret activities on the territory of the Alliance took their life energy. It was placed in special briquettes, which were transferred through their channels to Seltsam. For a person's life gave more energy than prayers. In Seltsam, these energy briquettes were transferred to the Castle in the Forest. Where scientists researching immortality used them in scientific experiments.
The bodies of the killed magicians of Wilhelm were deliberately mutilated to make it difficult to identify individuals. The bodies were not burned because cremation could attract unnecessary attention. Traces of fire magic are also easier to find.
The Kaiser's magicians were afraid to touch the local population of the Alliance for the same reason — this would attract unnecessary attention and cause problems.
Wilhelm himself spoke about this when he came to see the progress of work in the Castle in the Forest. After all, the inhabitants of the Castle could not get out of their ‘dungeon’, and therefore, he openly shared his plans with them.
In addition to obtaining energy briquettes, the ruler of Seltsam pursued another goal. He wanted to cause internal conflict in the Alliance. He wanted to ‘undermine’ the Alliance from the inside, so that it disintegrated into separate kingdoms, which are easier to conquer in the future. The Kaiser dreamed of seizing power first over the Central Continent, and then over the Northern, Southern and Eastern. But he did not want to invade the Northern, Southern and Eastern Continent until he subjugated the Central. After all, in his opinion, it's easier that way. For the kingdoms of the Northern Continent are not as close together as the Alliance. And there is less population with resources.
The Southern and Eastern Continent, of course, have great resources, including human resources. But the countries of the Southern Continent are weakened by internal problems and frequent military clashes among themselves, which often arose not without the help of Seltsam. And also thanks to the efforts of the Alliance and the CK — because their military corporations benefit from wars in those regions in order to sell weapons.
The Eastern Continent had its own problems. It so happened that in many of its kingdoms, the population grew much faster than the economy. And the result was overpopulation, unemployment and the departure of citizens to other countries to look for work.
However, now we are talking about Seltsam. In Wilhelm's opinion, while the slow but steady efforts to “undermine” the Alliance were quite successful, the situation with the Confederation of the Kingdoms was more complicated. Of course, the Kaiser sent his spies there too. But the CK special services quickly suppressed even the slightest attempts of his people to sow confusion. And this incredibly annoyed the ruler of Seltsam. He dreamed of obtaining the weapon of the deities, immortality and defeating the Ruler of the Light with the help of the power of the Crystal Princess.
Yes, exactly! Crystal Princess! Heroines of a children's fairy tale, known in the Confederation and some countries of the Alliance! However, Wilhelm did not consider this to be mere folklore, and had already organized expeditions to find the Crystal Mountain in which the Princess slept! So far, all the expeditions ended unsuccessfully, but the Kaiser did not lose hope and organized another one.
Olivier was shocked every time he watched Wilhelm, who, with childish delight, shared with scientists his plans to take over the world, gain immortality, defeat the Ruler of the Light and find the Crystal Princess. Mr. Edelweiss understood that the ruler of Seltsam was an ambitious madman who sometimes asked the doctors: how could he castrate himself so as not to be distracted? For there are so many attractive men and women around (Wilhelm loved everyone)! It takes so much time and energy! And the Kaiser himself admitted that he was often unable to resist this. Although he understands that his ambitious plans are more important! That is why he asked the doctors of the Castle in the Forest: how can he get rid of his passions? To which they politely replied that, with all due respect, they would not carry out such an operation, because the ruler needs heirs, or at least immortality. Otherwise, who will rule Seltsam? Wilhelm's nephew? The Kaiser sighed and agreed that he would wait until he received immortality. And if necessary, the throne will go to his nephew...
... Olivier had a day off that day. He was reading a new detective book in the garden, which, at his request, like the rest of the necessary things, were brought by the Kaiser's trusted people.
Suddenly, a black armored car drove into the garden. All the inhabitants of the Castle in the Forest knew that it belonged to Wilhelm.
As soon as the car stopped, the naked and excited ruler of Seltsam jumped out of it. Seeing Mr. Edelweiss and several other scientists strolling through the garden, he jumped excitedly and exclaimed:
“We found her! We found the Crystal Mountain where the Crystal Princess sleeps!” 
Olivier rolled his eyes for a moment and said:
“What?” 
The Mad Artist continued to rejoice. His joy looked so sincere that there was no reason to doubt the existence of the fairytale character. Nobody knew that the Castle in the Forest would soon be undergoing big changes.

Chapter 3. Avril's New Life!
World of Geba, Alliance of the Kingdoms, Kingdom of Kunin, Military Garrison near the Confederation of the Kingdoms, 956 post-Renaissance
Avril Edelweiss gazed thoughtfully at the prototype of the new ‘Whirlwind-00’ aircraft, which she volunteered to test. It was a small plane of silver color and a triangular pointed shape, like a fighter, and could shoot missiles (they were absent in the prototype). It was on the development of this fighter that the girl's father, Albert Edelweiss, worked with her brother, Olivier, until he disappeared two years ago.
It was not possible to find him, but for some reason Avril felt that he was alive and well. Sometimes she dreamed of the capital of the Kingdom of Seltsam, the city of Drache. In those dreams, she saw her brother as he ran away from the city, into a certain forest, where the castle-residence stood. Sometimes, the girl thought that Olivier was calling her, their father, his mother, wife and children. He said that he could not leave this place.
After the second such dream, two years ago, Avril asked her mother, Claire: does this mean anything? But she just shrugged.
“I do not know if the priestesses of the Confederation can have prophetic dreams. I've never had this... But you're not a priestess. Perhaps your abilities are different from mine. And it is possible that these are just dreams caused by anxiety. Lately, you have a lot of impressions.” 
Indeed, Avril had plenty of impressions then. First, the attack during the riots in Rosan, the awakening of her strange abilities and the disappearance of her brother. Then she entered the military academy. The girl chose the magical research profile as the main one, and the pilot profile as the additional one. For there was one peculiarity in the military academy of Lutetia: cadet can't just choose a scientific, research or engineering profile. Required direct military specialization. In case the conflict with the Confederation of the Kingdoms escalates, and have to throw maximum forces on the front line. So Ms. Edelweiss chose two specializations: magical research and pilot.
It is worth noting about the military conscription in the Alliance, that formally it was obligatory only for men. Boys were drafted into the army for one year after school. Then, they could easily enter colleges and universities.
The girls had the right to enter in a military academy or voluntarily join the army.. This was done by many girls from poor families who in the future planned to enter a military academy. For studying in it was not completely free, and those who served in the army for a year were given significant discounts. The studying itself at the military academy lasted five years.
The rest of the girls, as well as boys who could not be drafted for a year of compulsory military service due to health problems or caring for a sick relative, did not completely avoid contact with the army. They took the compulsory courses in radio operators and medical care, which were available at all colleges and universities and were subsidized by the kingdoms. This was also done in case of an aggravation of the military conflict with the Confederation, in order to use maximum forces if necessary...
... Avril did not see the need for a voluntary one-year service in the army, therefore she immediately entered the military academy. The exams for the girl turned out to be simple, or rather, even boring: she perfectly understood the exact sciences, there were no problems with the humanities either. Although physical training was more difficult to pass. However, since Ms. Edelweiss chose the magical research as her main profile, the requirements for physical fitness were not very strict.
Ursula, Avril's eternal rival, reluctantly chose the opposite: pilot as the main profile and magical research as an additional one. Alas, but reluctantly, the girl understood that she simply would not have time to prepare in such a short time for the exams for the magical research profile, as the main one. However, without the eternal rival, it would become too boring for her to live. Therefore, she decided to make a similar compromise for herself.
Both girls successfully studied at the military academy of Lutetia for two years. Administratively, there was one academy for the whole kingdom. But it had several divisions in different parts of the country.
The one in which Ursula and Avril studied was in the city of Riviera, a hundred kilometers from Rosan. They lived in a student dormitory at an educational institution, in a room for two people. As might guess, the eternal rivals shared one room. They often argued, but at the same time, unexpectedly for themselves, they became friends and had a lot of fun together.
Two days a week, all cadets were given a weekend to go home. But if the cadets lived far away, they could stay at the academy. Only the most gifted students received the scholarship. That is, their training was free, they were given uniforms, provided with food, and provided with a room in a dormitory. All other students paid for studying, dormitory, uniforms and meals. Although, training at the military academy was still cheaper than in most educational institutions, because it was subsidized by the kingdom.
Studying seemed boring to Avril. The subjects of her main magical research profile were easy for her. The girl understood that there would be nothing interesting until she entered the official military service, where there would be a chance to conduct really exciting research.
But the additional pilot profile unexpectedly piqued her interest. The flight simulator training was exciting.
Ursula's studies were not as easy as Avril. But she did great too.
Perhaps the main problem of the girls turned out to be that relations with classmates did not work out at all. Despite their academic success, classmates were very biased towards both of them from the very beginning, believing that teachers overestimate their grades. After all, Avril is the daughter of a famous military engineer. And all the cadets thought that her father arranged for her in the academy ‘through connections’.
Everyone knew Ursula's fathers too. After all, one of her dad was a singer, and the other was a businessman, and journalists often wrote about both of them in the press. And the cadets believed that the girl thus seeks to create a ‘foundation’ for a future PR in show business. After all, military programs were popular, and the girls, show hostesses, from there were often invited to take part in the filming of action films and adventure films. Moreover, many of those show hostesses graduated from the military academy in the past.
But if at these fellow students finished criticizing Ursula, then Avril got more. Although she stopped wearing makeup during her time at the military academy, her love for pink and cute things has not gone anywhere. Her pink writing utensils, glamorous bag and cat notebooks were often the subject of discussion. Another subject for discussion was her keychain with the image of the goddess of love and beauty Geshtinanna, which the girl wore on her bag. It was normal practice for the Alliance to carry keychains with images of deities that a person worshiped on bags.
The problem was different — worshiping the goddess of love and beauty was not considered a very good choice for a military academy student. Here is the goddess of war Athena or the god of thunder and war Ninurta — more appropriate options! However, not following any cult was also considered an absolute norm.
But now are not talking about Geshtinanna and other deities. Despite the Alliance's formal ideological course to get rid of stereotypical thinking, no one took the pretty blonde in military uniform seriously.
Avril saw that the guys were condescending to her, like some kind of frivolous and thoughtless creature. The girls also often considered her glamorous and stupid, sincerely believing that she ended up in the academy only thanks to her father's useful connections.
But Ms. Edelweiss was no stranger to not being taken seriously. Alas, even as a child, she realized one thing: that society often does not see the mind in beautiful girls, and if a girl is smart, then by default she should hide her beauty. Of course, society in response to these words will say: “This is not so! Only a few people think so, and they are wrong!” But then this same society will discuss how a beautiful actress or girl-doctor achieved success only because of her appearance. Even if those girls are truly talented.
Alas, stereotypes about appearance, gender, social status, etc. still lived in the minds of people. Despite persistent attempts by public figures to change the state of affairs.
Avril immediately realized that there was no point in trying to prove something to someone at the academy. She just needs to calmly finish her studies. In addition, she was never bullied openly: the status of the daughter of a military engineer, who got to study ‘through connections’ played a role.
Therefore, she studied quietly, and came home on weekends. There she talked with Minako, who studied at the university with a degree in business management (after all, she wanted to open a small chain of fitness clubs). And, of course, Avril's mother, Claire, taught her daughter how to control her abilities.
The girl has achieved some success. She learned to make suggestions to people and at the same time maintain brown eyes. She was practiced mainly on the street. For example, when she saw that teenagers were hooligan or making noise, she gently made them a suggestion. But she never abused it. She sometimes practiced on noisy foreign tourists, asking them to be quiet. She spoke to them in the language of Mercia — inhabitants of different countries communicated with each other in this language, and at least the basic level was studied in most states of the world. Avril's goal in this case was to understand: will her accent and mispronunciation of some words be an obstacle? Does this affect strength effectiveness? But, as it turned out, it does not. Although, teachers of the language of Mercia often condemned the girl for incorrect pronunciation.
As Avril realized, the priestesses of the Confederation, to whom her mother belonged, did not have any special supernatural powers. They could not fly or make fiery arrows, they did not possess immense physical strength or immense speed. But they knew how to make suggestion, and they also perfectly understood exact sciences and magic, although they could not use magic without formulas.
The mother's story of the Confederation priestesses haunted Avril. She wanted to make it public, but she realized that she could not just talk about this to anyone. Proof is needed to confirm the words. But where to get them? After all, Claire seems to be the only priestess who has escaped lately! Although, it is possible that other golden-eyed maidens also escaped from the temples. Perhaps they, like Claire, have changed their eye color and now lead a calm and quiet life somewhere.
The strange cat, the mysterious child and the place that he called the ‘Throne of the Soul’ did not appear to the girl anymore. Although, she still clearly remembered the magic formulas that she saw two years ago on the ceiling of the Throne of the Soul...
***
Avril knew that ‘Whirlwind-00’ was developed by her father together with her brother. But after Olivier disappeared, her father had to finish development with another group of engineers.
The girl became interested in testing it not only for this reason, but also for a more banal one: during a two-month summer vacation, she needed to get an internship in one of two profiles. Of course, she did not bother herself and simply turned to her father for help. He, rejoicing that his daughter was studying at the military academy, could not refuse her and her friend, Ursula, who everywhere followed her ‘eternal rival’.
The girls were given several types of internships to choose from. Ursula decided to internship in the engineering department (the basics of fighter aircraft also belonged to the pilot profile), and Avril — to get the flight hours. And from the proposed prototypes, she chose ‘Whirlwind-00’.
It may seem strange: why is a cadet testing a fighter, although this is the work of a professional testers? But this was a common practice in the Alliance. For professional testers received a very modest salary, and therefore there was a constant turnover among them. For this reason, testing of pre-approved and safe prototypes was trusted by cadets. Both cost savings and cadets are an absolute plus to internship.
The only thing that confused Avril in this situation was that her father, Albert, as one of the chief engineers, together with the prototypes should go to the Kingdom of Kunin. There was a military base where new aircraft were tested.
Accordingly, Avril and Ursula, for the internship, would also have to leave their home Lutetia. The girls previously made tourist trips to other kingdoms of the Alliance, to some countries of the Northern, Eastern and Southern continents and even to the kingdom of Seltsam. But those were trips with the family, to scenic tourist spots or beaches. And not on military targets.
Of course, Albert was ready to accompany his daughter and her friend to the base. But Avril was a little worried that Kunin had a border with the Confederation of the Kingdoms. For some reason, she was getting scared. As if something was about to happen that would change her life forever. And there will be no turning back.
The girl reassured herself that although Kunin borders on CK, the test base is in a safe place, far from the war zone. However, strange and conflicting feelings did not leave her.
Ursula was worried for another reason. Her dads were so alarmed when they learned that their daughter was going to a military base that they literally tortured her with overprotection before leaving. And they put together a bag for her with lots of medicines for all occasions, sunscreen just in case (although Kunin was famous for cloudy weather). And also put a lot of handkerchiefs, woolen socks, etc. Even Ursula's dads told her many times not to forget to wash her hands, eat properly, go to bed on time, call home, stay away from suspicious individuals, etc.
As a result, the girl herself involuntarily began to worry too. But to her immense relief, a surprisingly friendly atmosphere reigned at the military base. Especially in the engineering department, where she did an internship.
During the internship, the eternal rivals saw each other only in the evening (they lived in the same room of the local dormitory). Ursula spent a lot of time in the engineering department. Avril trained on flight simulators — this was mandatory for further testing.
So a week passed. But, despite the numerous training sessions completed in the academy and on simulators of the military base, Avril was worried about the upcoming testing. After all, a real flight is a completely different matter! How will it go? Will everything be okay?
***
Avril once again looked thoughtfully at the ‘Whirlwind-00’ fighter aircraft, which she had volunteered to test. She sighed with vague apprehension.
“Oh, Ms. Edelweiss, good afternoon!” the girl heard a voice on the side.
Turning around, she saw the Head of the Test Flight Department, Mr. Ivars. He tried to smile, but he looked kind of sad.
“Good afternoon, Mr. Ivars,” the cadet greeted politely.
“You see, Ms. Edelweiss, this is such a delicate matter...” the Head of the Department became even more downcast.
“Something happened?” Avril found it all suspicious.
“Not really... Our primary tester, Mr. Marcus, suddenly began to suffer from severe diarrhea...” Ivars admitted. “And he should test the prototype of the ‘Blizzard-15’ fighter. We have a reporting deadline today for tests. The test was supposed to take place a week ago, but the ‘Blizzard-15’ system was being finalized for safe ejection of the pilot... Now the prototype is extremely safe, but there was a problem with the tester.” 
“Oh... you want me to test two fighters today, don't you?” the girl specified.
“Yes, if you don't mind... I spoke to your father, Mr. Edelweiss. He said he had nothing against it, but the final decision, of course, is yours.” 
Avril thought quickly in her head: “An extra plus for the internship. And ‘Blizzard-15’ was made by other engineers, therefore it will be interesting!” Aloud the girl said:
“Ok, no problem. Just mark it on my internship profile.” 
“Yes! Of course!” cheered up Ivars. “We will write you a great internship profile! And let's start testing ‘Whirlwind-00’ according to the schedule! And then the tests of ‘Blizzard-15’! I'll go and settle the remaining paperwork now!” 
The Head of the Test Flight Department was glad that all tests would go according to plan. Avril just shrugged and thought: “Poor Mr. Marcus... Diarrhea is really unpleasant...” 
***
Before long, Avril dressed in a navy blue flight suit. The flight suits themselves were made of very durable specially synthesized materials, and using the latest technology — with the addition of nifril threads. They protected the body of the pilot well in case of overload or impact. Such suits looked more like lightweight flexible armor in the form of tight-fitting jumpsuit or a stylish analogue of military uniforms. On the belt and on the shoulders there were buckles for additional seat belts.
The girl has successfully tested ‘Whirlwind-00’. She realized that she shouldn't have worried: all the simulators on which she had practiced earlier, according to the sensations and controls, were as close as possible to real aircraft.
Avril just did everything according to the instructions: she flew the required distance at the right height, hit several training targets, and soon landed successfully on the site. Thus, the tests of her father and brother's fighter, ‘Whirlwind-00’, were successful.
After the break, it was time to test the second fighter, ‘Blizzard-15’. At the sight of a triangular aircraft with a mirror surface, the girl involuntarily felt excitement. The feeling re-emerged that something was about to happen that would change her life forever. But she firmly dismissed those thoughts.
Ms. Edelweiss listened to the briefing, and realizing that the controls were not much different from simulators or the same ‘Whirlwind-00’, she calmed down and sat in the cockpit of ‘Blizzard-15’.
“Indeed, the controls are similar,” the girl thought, noting only minor differences. She fastened special belts to the pilot's seat and to the flight suit. It was standard procedure in the Alliance with additional seat belts attached in this manner.
The ejection button is located on one of the belt buckles. One more additional button was located on the control panel and on the side wall.
Сan say that all aircraft designers cared about the safety of the pilots as much as possible.
... Meanwhile, having finished with the basic preparations, Avril put on a helmet with a pilot's headset on her head. And pressing the necessary buttons, she said:
“Checking the connection from the prototype ‘Blizzard-15’.” 
“Test connection successful,” came Mr. Ivars' voice over the earpiece.
“Avril, we are rooting for you!” the girl heard her father's voice in the background. “Good luck on the second test! Let your test on ‘Blizzard-15’ be as successful as with my ‘Whirlwind-00’!” 
“Mr. Edelweiss, I understand that you are overwhelmed with emotions, however, this is an official prototype test!” indignant Mr. Ivars.
Avril chuckled. While testing ‘Whirlwind-00’, her father also tried to support her. He was literally bursting with pride that his daughter was testing prototypes.
“The call sign of the pilot ‘Blizzard-15’ will be named after the fighter!” meanwhile, Mr. Ivars continued cheerfully. “Let's start testing the prototype!” 
“Yes sir!” answered the girl.
It seemed to her that she had calmed down. But deep in her soul, something was tormenting her.
***
At the base in Kunin, where prototype aircraft were tested, in addition to Albert Edelweiss, there were two more engineers: Mr. Thomson and Ms. Vetta. They were engaged in the development of ‘Blizzard-15’. The ‘Blizzard’ series has been popular for many years, and the main developers have changed several times.
Mr. Thomson has been a military engineer for a long time, for twenty years. And he was the leading developer of the previous ‘Blizzard’ models: 13 and 14 models. But when it came time to develop model 15, management suddenly liked the concept proposed by a young engineer, Ms. Vetta. And Mr. Thomson was appointed her assistant.
Mr. Thomson's pride was wounded. It is impossible to convey in words his feelings when it became known to him that he, the experienced specialist, was supposed to be the assistant to ‘little brat’! The man struggled to contain his anger. But there is nothing to do, service is service. He had to assist Ms. Vetta.
At first, Mr. Thomson was confident that she would not succeed. But here, too, he was disappointed: the young engineer succeeded in everything. And the prototype came out great.
Then, Mr. Thomson conceived revenge. Petty and disgusting. He understood that he was acting completely unworthy for an adult. But he couldn't stop. And the man quietly messed up the navigation and speed readings of the prototype a bit before testing it, hoping that it would undermine Ms. Vetta's impeccable reputation.
Oh no, Mr. Thomson didn't want to kill the pilot! He even checked the security systems additionally and made sure they worked! He just wanted to show the prototype as unfinished. After all, the engineer knew exactly what he messed up. And believing that together with Ms. Vetta he will be on testing, the man was going to ‘correctly prompt’ the tester what to do in this situation. That is, how to align course and speed.
And then, as the assistant, Mr. Thomson intended to personally inspect the ‘Blizzard-15’ once again in order to quietly correct what he himself had ruined earlier. And blame everything on the flaws in the magic formulas in the engine on the part of Ms. Vetta, which ‘cannot work correctly during high-speed flights’.
But something happened that Mr. Thomson did not think about. He and Ms. Vetta were urgently summoned to one of the forward bases in order to settle some problems with other fighters, in the development of which the engineers participated. Realizing that he did not have time to fix the navigation and speed systems, the man decided to ‘cancel’ testing the prototype. And he mixed the laxative into the coffee for a professional tester, Mr. Marcus.
Then Mr. Thomson, with a clear conscience, left with Ms. Vetta, leaving poor Marcus to sit in the toilet. Of course, the engineer knew the testing timeline was coming to an end. But it seems that there was a good reason to postpone them — the tester did not feel well!
The fact that Avril might agree to test ‘Blizzard-15’, Mr. Thomson did not even think. Indeed, like many, he believed that the girl entered the military academy ‘through connections’. And although he could not help but admit her high results on simulators, the man was in unshakable confidence: she would be afraid to test ‘Blizzard’. And in his opinion, Mr. Edelweiss, too, would never allow his daughter to do this. But even here Thomson miscalculated...
... Avril did not immediately realize that something was wrong with the aircraft, but only when she heard Ivars' voice in the dynamics:
“Blizzard-15, you are deviating from the previously planned course. And the speed is higher than necessary!” 
“Off course? But the navigator shows that everything is correct. And the speed, too, seems to be in order...” the girl was surprised.
“Blizzard-15, check your navigation devices again! Tell me what they show!” 
“Yes sir! Speed...” Avril named the speed and coordinates of the course.
Ivars listened carefully. There was silence in the dynamics for a while. The girl wanted to ask what was happening, as the Head of the Test Flight Department said:
“Your words are correct. However, our locators show that your speed is higher and you are deviating more and more from the course. Probably with the prototype problem.” 
“What are the directions?” Ms. Edelweiss felt frightened involuntarily. But realizing that panic would not help her, she tried to control herself.
“Blizzard-15, listen carefully. Try to slow down and correct course according to my instructions.” 
And Ivars began to set out instructions on what to act in this situation. Avril did everything as she was told. However, despite the fact that the speed was corrected, the course became more and more lost.
Ivars did not understand what was the matter, for he gave instructions according to the approved protocol. Alas, this sometimes happened: some prototypes, even after passing all the preliminary checks and tests, lost navigation, and sometimes their speed. But in this situation with ‘Blizzard-15’ standard prescriptions did not help at all! What a bad luck!
Neither the Head of the Test Flight Department, nor Avril could have known that the problems of ‘Blizzard-15’ were artificially created by Mr. Thomson. Of course, if he were in place, he would ‘heroically and wisely’ suggest how to rectify the situation. Thomson knew how to spoil navigation so that standard prescriptions would not help. Although, the secret of the spoiled indicators of the navigator was simple: they showed in turn a quarter deviation from the course, then half, then completely opposite direction, again half, and again a quarter deviation.
A similar sequence was occasionally caused by flaws in magic formulas that were activated at high speeds. By calculating the sequence, the course could be corrected, although the navigation devices would of course still not work correctly. And in fact, the pilot had to fly blindly, calculating the course in own head, or relying on the operator for communication.
But Mr. Ivars could not figure out the correct cycling so quickly. And he followed the standard instructions, not understanding why nothing came of it.
Of course, there was one more option of action in case of emergency: to make an emergency landing or to eject the pilot. While both options jeopardize the safety of the prototype, the pilot's life is always more important.
“Blizzard-15, we are unable to correct the course! You are approaching the border of the Confederation of the Kingdoms! I order you to make an emergency landing!” 
“Yes sir!” answered Avril.
She was about to take the necessary steps to land. But, suddenly, the girl heard a piercing sound and felt a strong blow throw her off to the side.
The girl wanted to urgently eject, but did not have time. The power of the blow shook her body so hard that pain shot through her and her heart seemed to stop. And her world was swallowed by darkness...
This day was probably really different from the rest. This can be called fate or inevitability. The gears of fate began to move...
Later, in the reports of the Test Flight Department, this event was described rather dryly. Namely: “Prototype ‘Whirlwind-15’, before making an emergency landing due to problems with navigation and speed, was shot down by a suddenly falling celestial body of the ‘meteorite’ type, small size. From the shock wave, the pilot of the prototype, Avril Edelweiss lost consciousness. Also, the shock wave threw the prototype ‘Blizzard-15’ into the territory of the Confederation of the Kingdoms, into the Kingdom of Wend, into the forest near one of the border villages. The ‘Blizzard-15’ prototype was destroyed due to an accident.” 
Yes, exactly! ‘Blizzard-15’ was absurdly shot down by a small meteorite that suddenly fell from the sky. If the prototype flew at the originally planned course, this would not have happened. Or did something happen that should have happened? And the meeting of two girls who could not meet in other conditions suddenly became inevitable...

Chapter 4. Story of God Thoth
World of Geba, the Throne of the Soul, the abode of the god Thoth, 956 post-Renaissance
Avril did not know that a strange place called the ‘Throne of the Soul’, to which she was led by a mysterious cat two years ago, actually existed. Even though her mother told her then that she had also been there once, the girl remained confident that it was something like an illusion or astral projection, which some cults tell about. Or is it a vision? And the amazing magic formulas on the ceiling of that place, did she actually dream about? And her mother, Claire, just had a similar dream once? As much as Avril thought about it, she couldn't find out the truth anyway.
Although the truth turned out to be more than prosaic: The Throne of the Soul existed in the material world, on the planet Geba. It was a secluded place in the mountains that are located in the middle of the Central Continent, in the territory of one of the Alliance countries, Trabant.
It was considered one of the largest kingdoms of the Alliance, along with Mercia and Lutetia. It also had strong historical ties with Seltsam: in different centuries, princes and princesses of the kingdoms entered into inter-dynastic marriages. Previously, these two countries actively interacted with each other. They traded a lot at the state level, and people traveled. The geographical position greatly contributed to this: the borders of Trabant were located from the middle of the Central Continent, to its western outskirts, where there was access to the sea. By which it is very convenient to get to Seltsam. On modern high-speed ships — only one day's journey.
However, over the past half century, relations between the two kingdoms have grown colder. It started back in the days of Kaiser Wilhelm's grandfather, the former ruler of Seltsam. No, he did not officially break off diplomatic or trade relations, but simply stopped building new ones. Thus, the old agreements gradually ended, and new ones did not arise in their place.
Now, Seltsam's relations with Trabant did not differ from their relations with other countries — they had no disagreements, trade was supported, but there were no common and close interests either.
However, should return to the Trabant mountain range. In the modern world, it was called Hügel. As it seemed to the general public and eminent researchers, the mountains were well studied many years ago. They were studied in the pre-Renaissance era, and with the advent of aviation, their map was corrected. Although, sometimes expeditions were still sent there with different purposes: to collect soil samples, observe natural phenomena, to study in more detail the migration of birds or the behavior of mountain goats or sheep.
One such expedition was recently sent to the Hügel Mountains by the Royal Seltsam University. The official goal of the expedition was to observe the mating behavior of mountain sheep, as well as to take soil samples to study microorganisms living in the earth.
All formalities, as expected, were quickly settled with the Trabant Ministry of the Interior. Those, accustomed to such requests, approved the expedition.
And soon, representatives of the Royal Seltsam University arrived in the Hügel Mountains. They did not arouse any suspicion in anyone. Although they did not come to observe the mating behavior of mountain sheep and not to study the microorganisms living in the earth.
No one knew that in fact they were sent to Hügel personally by Kaiser Wilhelm, so that they could find the Crystal Mountain. Yes, exactly: that very place from the tale of the Crystal Princess.
Wilhelm's grandfather, Kaiser August, was also obsessed with the idea of finding the Crystal Mountain. This thought came to him for a reason. His concubine, Claudia, who eventually became the mother of his heir and Wilhelm's father (August had no children from his legal wife), told him that the Crystal Mountain really exists. And in it is the Throne of the Soul, the abode of the Guardian Spirit and the god of the planet Geba, Thoth.
August long considered the words of the concubine only fairy tales. He knew that in the past, Claudia lived in the Confederation of the Kingdoms and was a Priestess in the temple of the Goddess of the Earth. But she managed to escape to the Alliance, and then move to Seltsam. She was able to get a job as a maid for one of the aristocrats, where she was once accidentally noticed by the Kaiser.
Claudia did not talk about her past for a long time. But in the end, she told August about everything. After hearing the story of the concubine about the horrors taking place in the secret dungeons of the temples of the Confederation, the Kaiser asked her not to tell anyone else about this. He, as a person who was always interested in forbidden magical research, realized that her words were true. But he was afraid to disclose it. Indeed, if other kingdoms find out about this, they may wish to repeat it.
Claudia agreed that it was better for no one else to know about this, although she hated CK with all her heart. She told August that the mysterious Black Cat helped her escape from the temple. With the help of a mystical fog, he led the girl to a place called the Throne of the Soul, where she met a strange child named Thoth. At that moment, the boy was standing by the crystal, inside which the Crystal Princess was sleeping, looking like the golden-eyed priestesses of the Confederation. After all, who else could the girl sleeping in a crystal be? Only the Crystal Princess!
Claudia wanted to know the details from Thoth, and he even deigned to answer some of her questions. The boy confirmed that the one who people remembered as the ‘Crystal Princess’ was sleeping in the crystal. And that this place is called ‘Throne of the Soul’. The Black Cat brought Claudia there to help her escape from the temple of the Goddess of the Earth. Alas, the Cat could not help all the priestesses... And already from the Throne of the Soul, the Cat will take the girl to a safe place in the Alliance.
The former Priestess wanted to ask Thoth many more questions, for example, about the amazing magic formulas on the ceiling of the Throne, but could not. For, with the help of the mystical fog, the Black Cat moved her to the territory of the Alliance, to the kingdom of Perla. Then he disappeared, leaving the confused Claudia alone. Fortunately, she, like all priestesses of CK, possessed the ability to subdue others. This gift did not work on other golden-eyed maidens, and all the temples were surrounded by magic formulas that exclude not only the invasion of strangers, but also the escape of its inhabitants. Namely: the priestesses could not go beyond the boundaries of their temples further than a hundred steps. Further — the girls simply hit an invisible wall.
Therefore, if the fields belonged to the suburban temples, they were adjacent to temples' territories. Rather, it looked like this from the outside. In fact, these fields were also part of the territories of the temples, and they were surrounded by magical formulas that were on the fences or on special plates that the Priestess of the Moon herself once buried around the perimeter of the temple fields. Of course, sometimes simple novices were required to go outside the temples. Then the high priestesses wrote down a special magic formula under their hair, which served at the same time as a pass and at the same time tracked the girls.
Therefore, Claudia still could not escape from the place she hated.
She remembered how she was ‘born’, emerged from a special capsule when she was ten years old. And she saw around her golden-eyed sisters, with faces exactly like hers. All of them were completely devoid of will and subordinated to the High Priestess of the temple, who, in turn, followed the orders of the Priestess of the Moon.
Claudia immediately realized that she was different from them. She hated her serial number and batch number, so she immediately came up with a name for herself, focusing on the knowledge inherent in her. She hated Confederation temples, but she feared she would be killed if she reveals herself. And she tried to behave like everyone else. She knew that all CK priestesses have abilities like hers, but they don't use them. This awareness was embedded in her. As well as the realization that the ‘defective’, as she is a priestess with her own will, are immediately killed by their sisters.
Claudia has lived her entire life in fear. Until the Black Cat freed her.
Thanks to the ability to subjugate others, the fugitive Priestess was able to settle in a new life. However, it should be noted that she never abused her power and did not use its unless absolutely necessary or to harm someone.
Over time, the paths of fate brought the girl to Seltsam, where she met August... She did not influence the Kaiser, he himself drew attention to her. Claudia did not feel disgust or hatred for him, and even found him a pleasant enough person. Therefore, she accepted his courtship.
Of course, at first the Kaiser did not believe the story of his beloved, either about her abilities (which she had not used for many years), or about the Throne of the Soul. He decided that these were the consequences of her traumatic past, and that the girl, due to the hardships suffered, simply forgot how she actually escaped from the eerie temple of the Confederation. But the story still struck the man and attracted his attention. And he, having analyzed many different historical documents and heritage of folklore, decided to equip several expeditions to various mountain ranges of the Central, Northern, Eastern and Southern Continent. After all, many peoples had a legend about a certain mountain sanctuary or tomb. Maybe this is the Throne of the Soul, the place where the Crystal Princess sleeps?
The expeditions ended unsuccessfully, August gradually fell into occult madness. As a result, he absurdly died during one of his magical experiments: inhaled poisonous gas in his own office. It was not possible to save him.
His son by Claudia, Herbert, did not have a penchant for the occult and did not want to spend the treasury on dubious expeditions. Herbert all his life was a very inert person, burdened by power. And as soon as his son Wilhelm became an adult, he immediately abdicated the throne of Seltsam and retired to a distant residence with his wife.
But Wilhelm, who always admired his grandfather, and listened with interest to the incredible stories of grandmother Claudia about the Crystal Mountain, decided to follow in August's footsteps. And at the same time surpass him, get the weapons of the deities and immortality, and take over the whole world.
He created the Castle in the Forest and equipped various expeditions to different mountains. He focused on the mountain ranges of the Central Continent, deciding to re-check the places where his grandfather had previously equipped expeditions.
Three expeditions were unsuccessful. But the last expedition to the Hügel Mountains brought long-awaited results...
***
There was a calm atmosphere in the Throne of the Soul. The walls of white and silver stone gave a sense of tranquility. The columns were propped up by vaults, and the ceiling was decorated with intricate paintings depicting magic formulas. Several corridors led from the main hall to other rooms, in its center there was a silver throne.
Thoth sat on the throne, dozing. Recently, he felt more and more sleepy. What can he do? Such is his nature — to be awake for two thousand years, and then to sleep for a thousand years. It is somewhat similar to the human regime of the day — sixteen hours of wakefulness and eight hours of sleep. Only the scale is different.
Thoth had a dream about very, very distant times. In his dreams, Thoth was carried away further and further into the past. When the planet was young, life on it had not yet appeared, and Thoth himself barely realized himself.
***
Story of Thoth
It happened as much as 4.5 billion years ago, if we take the concept of ‘year’ as a unit of report, which people invented much later. One year is one full cycle of rotation of this planet around the Sun, equal to 365 days. A day, in turn, is equal to 24 hours — the period during which the planet makes a complete rotation around its axis.
Then, when the planet was just born, Thoth was not yet aware of himself. He remembered that time very vaguely. At first he felt heat, and as if through a dream he saw vague visions, how the masses of gas and dust that remained after the formation of the Sun began to form planets.
Thus was born the planet to which Thoth was ‘attached’. Through a dream he saw how volcanic degassing created the primary atmosphere. Much of the planet's surface was molten due to volcanic activity. Various objects from heaven fell to the ground. Thoth felt their blows, but still could not fully realize himself and wake up from a semblance of a sleep. So many millions of years have passed.
Gradually, the celestial bodies stopped falling. The surface of the planet has cooled and froze. Thoth, through a dream, felt the heat recede, and he himself calmed down. But he didn't want to wake up completely.
Meanwhile, water brought to the planet from the depths of endless space by comets and asteroids has formed into clouds. They rained down, and a huge ocean covered the surface of the earth.
And then, Thoth heard someone say to him:
“Wake up and realize yourself, Thoth. You are now the Guardian of this planet. Love its and take care of its, develop life on its. Meet with other Guardians of this Planetary System, or, as some civilizations sometimes call it, the Solar System. Share your experience with each other. May the life that you help to be born flourish!” 
After that, Thoth felt a pleasant warmth: as if someone dear, and filled with endless love, stroked his head. And then it was someone nudged him lightly on the shoulder.
Thoth was surprised, because before that, he did not realize that he had a body. And he was not aware of himself as himself. He opened his eyes, but after a long sleep, his gaze was clouded. And he couldn't see the speaker. But, he heard voice:
“I have already paid a farewell visit to the first Guardian from this Planetary System and to you. Now, I need to visit the third Guardian... And then, I will go further, into space, into the depths of the Universe and infinity... Perhaps we will see each other someday. Until then, accept my last gift to you…” 
The pleasant warmth disappeared and Thoth realized that the owner of the voice had left him. At that moment, his vision cleared up. And Thoth realized that he was in the depths of the ocean. And there is nothing else around...
Thoth examined his body. And he realized that he had two arms, two legs, a back, a belly, a neck and a head. And on the head there are hair, eyes, ears, nose and mouth.
Thoth was very surprised. After all, for the first time he realized himself as himself so clearly. And for the first time he realized that ‘Thoth’ is his name. And he also realized that in his mind there is knowledge of how to control the energies around. How to synthesize proteins, create life and develop it.
He also realized that on two other neighboring planets there must be two more beings like him. But he will not be able to see them until he gets stronger. And he will grow stronger as life begins to develop on his planet.
He also realized that the rotations of the planet around the local star are made much faster than necessary. That is, the length of the day and year is less than the comfortable year that Thoth knew about. But he also knew that while he did not have to be puzzled by the issue of regulating the length of the day and year on his planet. And he did not know that each Guardian has its own comfortable length of the year — since all planets have different distances from the sun. On the other hand, the comfortable length of the day is similar for most of the Guardian of the Planets.
Suddenly Thoth heard the sound of air being cut. And then he saw a meteorite flying from the sky. When it fell into the waters of a lifeless ocean, Thoth suddenly realized that this meteorite was different from all the celestial bodies that had fallen before. For it contains the simplest proteins from which life can be created. It was a parting gift of a mysterious creature who went into the depths of the Universe... 
Thoth did not know where he had all the necessary knowledge from. He knew for sure that the meaning of his existence was to be to create life on the planet, if necessary, to support it and be its Guardian. And he knew what to do with proteins in order to create the simplest bacteria out of them. And that the length of the day and year can be brought to a comfortable state much later...
So he did: he began to synthesize proteins. Of course, this sounds simple in theory. But in reality it took many, many rotations of the planet around the local sun.
When, finally, many species of primitive bacteria arose, Thoth wondered: what should he do next? And he decided to develop them into more complex life forms.
Time passed, and gradually, primitive bacteria evolved into more complex bacteria and unicellular organisms. Simple algae, fungus and other living organisms appeared. But Thoth understood that this was by no means the crown of creation. In his mind, many ideas were initially laid down on how to develop life. And he began to create multicellular organisms, as well as improve the atmosphere, so that they would be comfortable living on the planet.
This is how multicellular algae, fungus, fishes, arthropods and other life forms appeared. And the atmosphere turned into a complex formation.
Water still covered most of the planet's surface. But here and there the land began to conquer space. Sometimes Thoth helped it’s in this, and sometimes there were processes beyond his control. For example, due to the fall of large celestial bodies or internal planetary processes, tectonic plates began to move.
Approximately two billion years passed in this way, if count according to the system of comfortable length of year and day. But since Thoth did not adjust them, much more real rotations passed.
Thoth loved his creations: the rich marine world and several species of animals adapted to land. Some life forms evolved and developed further on their own, without his intervention.
Once, Thoth as usual bypassed his possessions. He roamed the planet in the form of a spirit: multicellular life forms did not see him and could not touch him. Of course, Thoth, if desired, could collect the necessary atoms and molecules in order to create a material body for himself. But he liked to be in an incorporeal form: so he could quickly move at any distance, easily get to any point on the planet.
On that fateful day, Thoth traveled through the depths of the waters. And he saw an amazing form of life that arose without his intervention. They were strange, simple green algae that gave off oxygen.
Thoth was amazed:
“What is this? Did it arise by itself? These algae are based on oxygen, although all other life forms on the planet are sulfate[1]. What should I do with them? Destroy? Or leave it to develop and see what comes of it?” 
Thoth felt puzzled. He wanted to consult with someone, but had not yet developed enough to leave his planet and communicate with other Guardians of this Planetary System. He doubted. Never before, in more than two billion years, had he experienced such conflicting feelings.
“Well, since you were born, little green algae, so be it...” he decided. “Perhaps it will be interesting if you develop further. I'll even help you a little.” 
And Thoth began to help develop the simplest green algae. Thanks to his care, they grew and multiplied, releasing more and more oxygen. Of course, thanks to the knowledge inherent in him, Thoth knew that this would lead to disaster. And that life on the planet will change dramatically.
But he became so interested that he could not resist. He wanted to see life that could be developed from oxygen.
As a result, what happened in the distant future people would call the ‘Oxygen Catastrophe’. In just a few million years (if count on the basis of the comfortable length of the day and year, in reality more rotations have passed), a huge amount of oxygen was released into the atmosphere, many sulfate life forms died. Someone was able to go deep into the earth in order to hide from the changing world.
The previous greenhouse effect in the atmosphere has diminished, but the global ice age has begun. And then Thoth began to doubt: was it worth it to help the green algae? But he dropped his doubts and decided to create new life forms.
The ice age gradually receded, new life filled the planet. It turned out to be easier to develop new life forms than sulfate ones.
And soon (by Thoth's standards) the oceans and land were filled with new amazing plants, fungus, fishes, land lizards and insects.
Enthusiastic Thoth created more and more new types of lizards. Many millions of years have passed (based on the comfortable length of the day and year, in reality more rotations have passed). And so, beautiful and proud huge creatures covered with scales, and someone else with bright plumage, began to dominate the planet. Winged forms of lizards appeared. And Thoth liked his new creations even more than the previous ones.
“Oh, how beautiful this world is! Everything is in harmony and balance, everything fits together! The circle of life is not interrupted, and gradually I will be able to develop the mind of these beautiful lizards. And they will be able to create a civilization.” 
In the mind of Thoth, there was the concept of ‘civilization’. And he wished with all his heart that his creations would ever reach such a high level.
“One thing only saddens me: I cannot yet leave my planet and see two other Guardians of this Planetary System... I wonder what they are?” Thoth reflected at times.
But soon, his dream came true. After all, the Guardians themselves came to him.
It happened when Thoth was hovering in the skies above the continents that were previously one. But due to tectonic shifts, a single continent split into five parts. And they were getting further and further away from each other...
And so, during the flight, Thoth saw in the sky two beings similar to him. Of course, they didn't look exactly like him. But they also had two arms, two legs, a back, a belly, a neck and a head. And on the head there are hair, eyes, ears, nose and mouth.
One creature seemed more mature. And Thoth from somewhere knew that creature looked more like a woman, despite the absence of obvious sexual characteristics. She had long, dark scarlet hair tied in braids and golden skin that was scaled into small scales. Huge scarlet eyes with vertical pupils framed eyelashes. And she was wearing a robe of white fabrics.
Thoth had never seen clothing before, for he himself was naked. But the knowledge about this was in his mind.
The second creature also looked like a woman in white robes. But in her appearance there were more features similar to Thoth. There were no scales on the skin, the pupils in the blue eyes were round, and not vertical, as in the first woman.
The dark hair of the second woman was short — up to her shoulders. It was different from Thoth's long hair, one half of which was light and the other half dark. And her eyes were also different from Thoth. For his eyes were of different colors: one blue, like a woman's, and the other brown.
All the time that he spent on his planet, Thoth wanted to see the other Guardians and talk to them. But now that they appeared before him, he did not know how he should behave.
Meanwhile, the Guardians came to his aid, speaking first:
“I am Atum,” said the golden-skinned woman. “I am the Guardian of the first planet from the local Sun.” 
“I am Tefnut,” said the girl with dark short hair. “I am the Guardian of the third planet from the local Sun.” 
“And what is your name?” they asked with one voice.
“I am Thoth...” was the confused answer. “I am the Guardian of this second planet.” 
His words sounded confused and uncertain. For the first time in so many centuries, he felt shyness and embarrassment. This was the first time he spoke with someone intelligent and like him. He froze, perplexedly thinking: what to say to him? Greet them in a different way? To ask why they were able to come to him, but he is still unable to leave his planet? Or is there something else to say?
Seeing his confusion, the guests laughed merrily.
“Nice to meet you, Thoth!” exclaimed Tefnut.
“Nice to meet you, Thoth!” smiled Atum. “Sorry if we scared you!” 
“I am also pleased to meet you, Atum and Tefnut...” he relaxed a little. “I knew that there are two more Guardians in this Planetary System and I have long wanted to see you two.” 
“We, too!” exclaimed the women.
And after a short pause, Tefnut added:
“By the way, Thoth, why aren't you dressed?” 
“Clothing? Hmm, I don’t know. Or rather, I know about clothes, but I didn’t think about whether I need it or not? And I always walked in my original form.” 
“Hmm, we, as the Guardians of the Planets, do not have sex characteristics, the covering of which is considered important in many civilizations...” Atum thought. “But still, clothing makes it possible to feel like a part of civilization. We, as Guardians, that is, beings of a different order, do not always fully understand the feelings of intelligent life forms and their civilizations that develop on our planets. In addition, some of us look like women, and some look like men. And clothing can become an additional factor in helping to communicate with our civilizations.” 
“Where is your civilization, Thoth?” Tefnut asked joyfully. “After all, if intelligent life appears on the planet, then you also become stronger! And you can move inside our Planetary System!” 
“Tefnut, be more correct!” Atum whispered to her softly.
“What? Oh... I didn't immediately understand. Sorry, Thoth...” the girl bowed her head.
“It's okay,” he smiled. “I have already realized that if I had not disrupted the course of development of life forms, intelligent beings and the beginnings of the first civilization would now appear on my planet.” 
“Let me guess: have you replaced sulfate life forms with oxygen ones? Didn't you kill green algae?” asked Atum.
“Yes exactly. I gradually developed them. But how do you know?” 
“The simplest green algae appeared on my planet. I quickly developed them, like other oxygenated life forms. I very actively intervened in their evolution so that they quickly gain intelligence.” 
“I decided to destroy my green algae,” Tefnut shrugged. “And on my planet, a life form has now begun to evolve in the form of intelligent sulphate plants.” 
“How?” Thoth was surprised. “Intelligent plants — is it possible? And sulphate too?” 
“I was able to direct them a little, and then they handled everything on their own,” Tefnut nodded proudly.
“By the way, why can't I leave my planet yet, and you two can travel? When will I become strong enough to also move within our Planetary System?” 
“When intelligent life appears on your planet,” Atum smiled. “After all, the more civilization develops on your planet, the stronger you yourself will become.” 
“Thoth, why haven't you adjusted the length of the day and year of this planet to comfortable indicators?” asked Tefnut.
“In my opinion, there is no need for that yet,” Thoth shrugged. “My creations live comfortably in such conditions. Perhaps I will deal with this issue if life on the planet evolves to a more complex one. Or if I myself create more complex species of living beings.” 
“Indeed, you don't have to do this for now,” Atum nodded.
“Have you two adjusted the length of the day and year?” he asked.
“Yes, I created two beautiful planetary satellites!” Tefnut nodded.
“And I have one big satellite,” Atum smiled. “I hope my creations will colonize its someday. That is, they will arrange it for their life. If you carry out the necessary manipulations, you can live on it. And it will be like twin planets!” 
“Probably, when the time comes, I will also create one large satellite or two smaller ones...” Thoth said dreamily. “The knowledge in my head says that for this I can partially use and synthesize materials from my planet. And summon asteroids and meteorites into orbit. After all, I can go into my orbit, although I stop further because of the barrier.” 
“That's right!” Atum nodded. “It's not easy, but worth it.” 
This was the first meeting of Atum, Tefnut and Thoth.
***
Many millions of years have passed since the first meeting of Atum, Tefnut and Thoth, if we count the comfortable length of the day and year. In reality, even more rotations around the local Sun have passed. The giant lizards on the planet of Thoth evolved rapidly. He understood that soon (by his standards) they would gain intelligence and create a civilization. And then, he, too, will be able to move inside this Planetary System, like Atum and Tefnut. Until then, they visited him themselves.
But then, one fine day something amazing happened. Thoth recently woke up after another centuries-old sleep (such is his nature — to stay awake for two thousand years, and then sleep for a thousand years, if count by the comfortable length of a day and a year), and, as always, bypassed his possessions. Suddenly, he noticed a beautiful golden winged disk in the sky. Something told him that this item had nothing to do with the Guardians of his Planetary System.
Thoth wondered: what kind of disc? Is it dangerous? Or not? Of course, in the consciousness of Thoth initially there was information that there are other Planetary Systems, similar to their Solar System. And there — their planets, their Guardians and their civilizations. Some of the civilizations could reach such a high level that they crossed space for long distances. That is, they did something inaccessible even to the Guardians of the planets — after all, they could not leave the limits of their Planetary Systems.
Thoth did not know why the one who created him and the other Guardians did so. It is possible that Guardians from different Systems should not be at enmity with each other. After all, this is impossible within one System — if one Guardian destroys the planet of another Guardian, this will be reflected on his or her planet. But if the war of the Guardians takes place in another Planetary System, then problems will arise...
At the same time, civilizations from different Planetary Systems, from different corners of the universe — developed as high as they could. And their development did not always depend on the Guardian of the Planet. Indeed, it is in the nature of the Guardian to give life, create and direct. But he or she can never fully influence their civilization. How does not have the ability to deliberately destroy it.
That Thoth allowed oxygenated life forms to develop is an acceptable interference. But he could not immediately destroy the sulfate life forms, since they already existed. Nor could he simply destroy the first green algae. He only had the ability to limit their development so that they gradually disappear. Therefore, the words of Tefnut: “I decided to destroy my green algae,” were not entirely correct. In fact, she just limited their development, and they eventually died on their own.
But now Thoth was much more interested in the golden winged disk than the story of the death of green algae on the third planet.
Meanwhile, the disk descended to the ground. Thoth approached its with interest. He was not afraid. After all, he is a being of a different order, and simple material creatures will not see him if he does not want to.
The entrance has opened on the disk. Thoth knew it was called a ‘door’. And from there, to his great surprise, ten creatures like him, Atum and Tefnut, came out.
Of course, the creatures didn't look exactly like the Guardians. But they also had two arms, two legs, a back, a belly, a neck and a head. And on their heads they had hair, eyes, ears, nose and mouth.
The creatures were dressed in tight-fitting silvery suits, their heads surrounded by devices that looked like transparent bubbles. Five beings were women and five were men. Thoth realized that the creatures were different in sex — their figures were different. And in his head there was a realization that the differences in the figures are sexual characteristics, but not the same as those of reptiles and other creatures that inhabit his planet.
For a moment he felt confused. The creatures were talking about something. But Thoth did not understand them. And then, he began to analyze their speech. And soon he realized what the mysterious aliens from the golden disc were talking about:
“We were able to break away from our pursuers,” one of the women sighed.
“And find a peaceful planet. Our radar showed no intelligent life here, but we should be careful,” one of the men nodded. “Two more planets in this Solar System are inhabited by intelligent life. Therefore, they do not suit us. Locals may remember that we flew there. We don't need this.” 
Everyone agreed with him. There was a short pause between the aliens.
“Well, nobody's chasing us for sure. We are too far even from the edges of civilizations,” said another man. “Let's just find a suitable place to bury our glorious leader, Lady Geba with all the honors.” 
“We will seal her tomb. And no one will desecrate her peace,” one of the women agreed.
“I think her soul will be calm here. After all, this planet is somewhat similar to ours in ancient times,” added another woman. “So much oxygen, gigantic plants and dinosaurs! Geba has always liked dinosaurs.” 
“And mountains. I think we need to find the mountains,” agreed one of the men. “And there is already a tomb to be created. By the way, the sensors show that the air here is breathable. Only the oxygen content is slightly higher than normal. Maybe we should take off our helmets?” 
“No, my head will ache, as if after a long walk in high mountains! I'd rather stay in a helmet,” the other man shook his head. And he added: “And yet, the scanners showed that on this planet the length of the day and the length of the year are shorter than on ours. This is uncomfortable for us. But, for local animals and plants, such conditions are probably favorable.” 
“Well, no wonder!” one of the women nodded. “This planet has no satellites. In space, all objects are attracted to each other by gravity. And the presence or absence of a satellite on a planet can affect the length of the day and year.” 
Eventually, after talking a little more, some of the aliens pressed buttons on their ammunition, and their energy helmets disappeared. The rest of the aliens did not do this.
Thoth watched them with interest. He didn't quite understand what the people from the gold disc were talking about. More precisely, he understood the meaning of the words — after all, he managed to quickly analyze the speech of the aliens. But he did not understand the meaning of all these words. Although he had a lot of knowledge, he could not fully understand mortal sentient beings.
Therefore, in order to better understand them, Thoth, decided to look into their souls. And amazing pictures, composed of the memories of ten people, flashed before him...
Thoth saw the past of the aliens, their home planet. It was once a beautiful, distant land, similar to the planet of Thoth, but inhabited by beings of a different nature. In addition to reptiles, amphibians, insects and birds, mammals lived there. Amazing viviparous creatures, with a huge variety of species. And the pinnacle of their evolution was intelligent beings, similar in appearance to the Guardians of the planets. They were called ‘humanity’.
Human history goes back many centuries, based on the comfortable length of day and year. There were in their history and amazing scientific discoveries, and touching moments, and cultural creations, and monstrous bloody wars.
And the further the progress of people went, the more terrible the wars on their planet became. Human science has reached the heights that make it possible to make long stellar travels and create perfect genetically modified people. They possessed great beauty, extraordinary longevity, many talents and abilities.
Gradually, the ‘New People’ (the so-called genetically modified part of humanity) seized power over the entire planet. And they began to oppress ordinary people. The ideas of humanism and equality, which were actively developing in the past, long before the start of stellar travel, have come to naught. And on the once beautiful lands, a cruel hierarchical society was formed.
In one of the kingdoms of the New People, in the palace, surrounded by care and luxury since childhood, Princess Geba grew up. For a long time, she did not know what was happening in the outside world. But one day, she became curious. And she secretly left the palace. And she saw beyond its borders the cruelty of the world, and how the New People oppress ordinary people.
Geba's heart sank. She decided to change this order of things. At first, she tried to peacefully defend the rights of ordinary people. Many of the young New People sided with her. Among her loyal followers, there were ten aliens who flew to the Thoth's planet on a golden disk.
But Geba and her followers were unable to achieve anything. Other New People did not want to listen to them and accept the legislative amendments proposed by Geba and her entourage. But they also could not just ignore the girl — after all, she was the Princess.
Therefore, the New People pretended to agree to negotiate. They were attended by representatives of the New People and ordinary people. Also, there were Geba, her parents (King and Queen), rulers of other states and aristocrats.
One of the representatives of ordinary people, bribed by aristocrats, was able to bring weapons to negotiations under the guise of jewelry — a small laser. He started shooting. The New People's guards fired back, and of course killed the culprit...
After that, new negotiations were out of the question. Of course, some understood that this was all a provocation. But mutual discontent and reproaches between ordinary people and New People flared up with renewed vigor. The embers that had been smoldering before burst into flames. And the whole planet plunged into civil wars. New People fought against those who defended the rights of ordinary people. On their side were some ordinary people who were afraid to change the old way of society. And those New People who previously supported the idea of ​​equal rights for all took the side of ordinary people. Among them was Geba. She honestly believed that society should be fair for everyone, otherwise it will not be able to develop harmoniously.
Geba's parents would have disowned her. She was soon accused of treason and support for the rebels. Geba had to flee the palace, and she finally joined the opposing camp...
The wars went on for many centuries. Many generations of ordinary people have changed. But the New People, including Geba, were still young and continued to fight for their beliefs. Ordinary people tried to leave for the planets not yet inhabited, suitable for life. They were helped in this by the New People, who fought on their side. After all, only they, being genetically improved creatures, could control starships.
But in the end, the settlements of ordinary people on other planets were discovered and destroyed. In one of these battles, Geba tried to protect the settlements of ordinary people with the help of her battleship, but she could not — she died from wounds.
Her followers, in despair, decided to bury she according to all the rules. They could not bury her on one of the previously known planets, fearing that her tomb would be desecrated by their enemies. Therefore, they sat on the golden disk and went into the depths of space. And thus they reached the planet of Thoth.
... After seeing the story of the aliens, Thoth was surprised. After all, he could not leave his planet, even to see the possessions of Atum and Tefnut. And he knew that he could never go beyond his Planetary System. Therefore, what he saw seemed very interesting to him.
He was both fascinated and horrified by the alien civilization. “This means that civilization can carry in itself both a huge potential and a mass of benefits, and at the same time the power of destruction,” Thoth understood.
He thought about it. For what he saw shocked him not only with the awareness of various aspects of civilization. He was also surprised by the flora and fauna of the alien planet, which he saw in their souls. In addition to reptiles, amphibians, insects and birds, mammals lived there. Amazing viviparous creatures, of which there are a huge variety of species. No less interest in Thoth was aroused by the aliens themselves, ‘people’ — beings outwardly similar to the Guardians of the Planets.
Geba aroused great admiration in him.
“Geba…” Thoth said to himself. “While the visitors are looking around here, I want to see her in reality. She must be on their ship, in the golden disc.” 
Thoth, invisible to guests from the depths of space, walked past them. And went inside their golden ship. There he found himself in a spacious room with doors. From the memories of the alien souls, the Guardian knew that behind one door was the navigation room, behind the others were the crew quarters, utility rooms and the entrance to the lower deck. And already on the lower deck, inside a shard of crystal, Geba sleeps in eternal sleep.
Thoth went down to the lower deck and saw her. She really looked the same as in the memories of alien souls. A beautiful girl with golden hair, whose golden eyes will never open again.
According to the traditions of her home country, she was dressed in white burial clothes and ritual jewelry. The Princess' followers hid her wounds, and she looked like she was just sleeping.
Seeing her, Thoth felt a vague, strange feeling. He didn't know what it was called. Was that feeling something that people would someday call love or admiration? Or an incipient obsession? Or maybe Geba inspired him with her calm appearance, bestowed the desire for spiritual freedom? Thoth did not know.
“You have no soul, just an empty body,” he said quietly, walking up to her. “Then why am I so worried?” 
The Guardian touched the crystal in which the girl slept in eternal sleep. He could break it (in this case, it was an acceptable disturbance, since the girl was from another planet), but he did not want to disturb her quiet peace. Instead, Thoth listened to his feelings and tried to determine: could the body of the dead Princess tell him its story?
Suddenly Thoth withdrew his hand sharply. He understood: Geba's soul never left her body. It fell fast asleep inside. Although, all souls leave their bodies in order to return to the Stream of Souls.
After all, everything has souls. Even the reptiles and birds that Thoth created. Their animal souls came from the Stream. Thoth himself did not know where this Stream begins, but he knew that it had existed since the dawn of time, and would live together with the entire universe.
Some souls have evolved to be reborn as more complex and intelligent beings. Other souls, on the contrary, degraded and were reborn in simpler bodies.
Thoth, like the rest of the Guardians of the Planets, could not influence the Stream. He only created the initial bodies, the first creatures, pushed evolution. And from all this, then bodies were born, suitable for the embodiment of souls from the Stream. So souls took on life. And after the death of the bodies, they certainly returned to the Stream. But not Geba...
“This is very strange,” Thoth wondered. “Well, maybe her soul will later leave the body?” 
While he was in thought, the Princess' companions, her faithful followers, returned to the ship.
“I think we should stop on this planet,” said one of the men. “May our Lady rest here.” 
“Yes, no one should defile her rest,” one of the women agreed.
“Nobody... For Princess Geba had rare talents even for New People,” another man nodded.
“If someone creates many copies of her, then trouble cannot be avoided...” one of the women agreed with him. “And the current conflict will become even more monstrous. We are not heretics to burn the bodies of the dead. We must give our Princess to the burial according to all the rules. Therefore, let us find the mountains and build a tomb there. And then we ourselves will replenish our supplies and return to our galaxy in order to continue our battle.” 
Thoth understood what the woman was talking about: he saw in the memories of alien souls that it was not customary for them to cremate the dead. They considered it heresy. That is why they have come such a long way in space.
Meanwhile, the visitors flew on their golden disk to explore an unknown planet. They were delighted with the pristine beauty around: giant plants, birds, insects and reptiles, which they called dinosaurs.
Thoth, invisible to the aliens, all this time was next to them and watched with interest. He wanted to reveal himself to them, but he doubted.
Soon, after not very long searches, the guests from space reached the mountains located on the central continent. Using the devices on their starship, they analyzed and scanned the surrounding area. And they chose the mountain, which was to become the tomb of their leader.
The aliens have landed on a stone platform. With the help of special devices, they disguised their gold disc — it was covered with a thin gray film. And now, seen from above, it seemed to be part of a stone landscape.
The aliens brought mechanical creatures out of the golden disc. They resembled humans in shape, but there was no life in them. They were made from metals and other inorganic materials. The aliens called them ‘robots’.
And the robots inside one of the mountains began to build a tomb, strictly following a project carefully calculated with the help of special devices.
The tomb was drilled inside a mountain inconspicuous at first glance, and the entrance was arranged so that it could be easily closed. Soon, the work was completed.
“We put the protection against scanning, the columns were also finished... It remains to finish with the cult paintings,” one of the female aliens commented on the progress of the work. “And then, the Throne of the Soul, the traditional tomb for the Geba's royal family, will be completed.” 
“We will do the painting in a semi-automatic mode,” one of the men suggested. “We will depict scenes from the life of our Lady and the history of the war of our home planet, using invisible colors that can only be seen with the help of special devices. And we will write the traditional higher magic formulas with ordinary ink.” 
And the aliens began to confer on which sketches were better and how to put them on the walls.
They created sketches on flat crystal plates, which were then connected to special devices, somewhat reminiscent of simple robots. And soon, paintings appeared on the stone vaults.
The newcomers put in different rooms of the tomb items that belonged to Geba during her lifetime. And soon it was the turn of the Princess herself — the crystal with the girl sleeping inside was brought into the Throne of the Soul. And placed in one of the distant rooms.
“Dear Princess Geba, our Lady, who desired a better future for our planet, rest in peace!” all ten of her followers spoke with one voice.
Then, each of them said parting words to her. Thoth felt sadness emanating from them — it was bitter for them to say goodbye to their Lady. But they understood that they had to fly away.
“It's a shame that we can't leave a single robot to watch over the tomb... Alas, they can be tracked and detected from the radar, even though it is protected from scanning...” one of the men sighed. “Unfortunately, protection becomes useless if there are working technologies within its radius of action.” 
Thoth's heart trembled. He sincerely sympathized with these people. He saw how they respected Geba, and therefore, decided to reveal himself to them.
Thoth forever remembered the faces of the ten aliens when he appeared out of thin air in front of them. He knew they would be surprised. But he didn't think it would shock them that much.
Still, Thoth did not fully understand the feelings of intelligent beings. And seeing their shock, at first he was confused himself. “Why are they looking at me like that?” he thought. “I kind of created my own clothes. After all, I remember how Tefnut and Atum told me that the concept of clothing is important for many intelligent beings! Maybe they look at me that way because half of my hair is dark and the other half is light? And one of my eyes is brown and the other blue? After all, their hair and eyes are not two-colored.” 
The silence that reigned between Thoth and the aliens lasted for several seconds. Finally, the guests from space came to their senses and jumped away with frightened cries:
“Who are you?” 
“Were you sent by the New People squads?” 
“Are you a projection? Or a new kind of robot?” 
“Are you a hologram?” 
“Is there intelligent life here? On this young planet?” 
“There is definitely no one here except us! We checked the scanners together an hour ago! We're just having mass hallucinations!” 
While they panicked, Thoth continued to wonder. “I just wanted to help them and offer to look after Geba's tomb. Why are they afraid of me?” he thought. Then suddenly it dawned on him: “Oh, exactly! They are not telepathic! I need to talk to them! And tell them who I am!” 
And Thoth, for the first time in his long life, spoke to someone other than Tefnut and Atum.
“Please don't be afraid of me,” he said. “I am the Guardian of this planet. I have watched all of you and looked into your souls. Your story touched me. And I will look after Geba's tomb.” 
His words sounded strange. Thoth suddenly realized that he was talking with sentient beings for the first time, having acquired a material body. After all, before that he communicated with Tefnut and Atum, and being in a spiritual form.
It was unusual to feel the sounds coming out of his lips. And how does a material body have to strain in order to perform at least some actions.
“I didn’t know that beings with material bodies have such a hard time... Before that, I rarely assumed a material form. And I almost immediately left it as unnecessary. It turns out that you need so much strength to live in a material body!” flashed through his mind.
“I once heard stories about the Guardians of the Planets,” one of the female aliens said after a long pause, looking closely at Thoth. “But I thought it was mere fiction. However, my scanners are now showing that there are ten humans and one unknown organic sentient life form here. There are no other spaceships besides ours. Are those stories really true?” 
“Think for yourself, how is this possible?” one of the men pulled himself together. “You just have a defective scanner! My scanner also shows that there are no other spaceships besides ours! And it also says that there are ten people here and...” then the man stopped short. And not in his own voice he added: “And one more unknown organic intelligent life form...” 
The aliens could not believe their eyes and for a long time were amazed at the presence of Thoth. He disappeared several times, and then materialized before their eyes. He also told them the details of their personal life stories, which are unknown to anyone else (after all, he looked into their souls and saw a lot). Thus, Thoth was able to convince the guests from space that he is the Guardian of the planet, and his intentions are peaceful.
“As I said, your story touched me. Therefore, I will look after the Throne of the Soul, the tomb of Geba.” 
“If this is true, then it pleases us,” said one of the women.
“In that case, we have nothing to argue,” added one of the men.
“Thank you, Guardian of the Planet!” all ten aliens spoke with one voice.
Silence reigned between them for a while. Finally, one of the male aliens asked:
“Guardian of the Planet, how can we thank you for your favor?” 
“Thank me? I don't know,” Thoth wondered. After all, he did not think about it. But after some thought, he said: “I want to call my planet by the name of your Princess — Geba.
“So be it,” the aliens agreed.
“And I know that for obvious reasons, you will not tell anyone the coordinates of my planet,” added Thoth. “But still, if someday such a moment comes, also call my planet by the name of Geba.” 
“So be it,” the guests from space agreed again.
***
Soon after the completion of Geba's burial, the aliens replenished the necessary supplies: the local water and many plants suited them. They wanted to ask Thoth a lot, but did not have much time.
However, Thoth managed to briefly tell them about his life. The visitors were incredibly surprised. Perhaps they did not fully realize who they were meeting with: it shocked them so much.
But, in any case, they could no longer linger on a beautiful distant young planet named Geba. Therefore, they said goodbye to Thoth and again flew away on their golden disc in order to continue their battle.
***
Many centuries have passed since the time when aliens on a golden disk visited the planet of Thoth, which received the name Geba (if count the comfortable length of a day and a year). Everything went on as usual. Reptiles bred, evolved, plants grew depending on the season. Thoth himself looked after the tomb of the Princess. The guests from outer space no longer visited him, and he did not know what became of them.
Peace and quiet reigned on the planet of Tefnut too. Her sulphate intelligent plants were slowly creating the beginnings of civilization. She preferred almost not to interfere in their development, only occasionally directing her creations a little.
And on the planet of Atum, the situation turned out to be not so unambiguous... The intelligent creatures created by her, humanoid reptiles calling themselves the people of Sauria, quickly developed with her help. After all, to moderately push the development of their creations, giving them any information, including technological information, is an acceptable interference. Sauria called their planet Ve, and its satellite — Me.
Thanks to the information received from Atum, they rapidly reached the heights of science, explored space and often flew to the planets of Thoth and Tefnut. But they did not find anything interesting for themselves. On the other hand, they advanced deep into their Planetary System. And on the planets farther from the local Sun, they found the deposits of ores and other chemical elements they needed.
Their science, art and civilization were amazing. The Sauria colonized their planet's satellite Me centuries ago. But in the end, what happened was what their authors of the past described in their books: the inhabitants of the satellite wanted to gain independence. And the planet, in turn, did not want to lose the colonized territories.
Peace negotiations quickly came to a standstill, and a bloody war began. The Sauria, although they were one people, linked by a common history, now mercilessly destroyed each other. And the reasons for hatred lay only in the fact that some lived on the surface of the planet, while others — on its satellite.
Atum tried unsuccessfully to appeal to the mind of her creations. After all, they still honored their Guardian as a goddess, and she never ceased to appear to them.
But Sauria did not listen to Atum. She, like the Guardian, could not interfere stronger than what was allowed in the life of civilization. Alas, the Guardians had limitations inherent in them. And when trying to do something that contradicted them, the Guardians simply froze and could not move. They could not resist this, because for them it is as natural as for living beings to breathe. It turned out to be a paradox: Guardians could direct evolution on their planets, create new forms of life. But they could not so easily interfere in the life of civilization.
And so, the people of Sauria, who lived on the satellite Me, developed a terrible weapon. According to their plan, it was supposed to destroy everyone on Ve. The inhabitants of the satellite then planned to restore the surface of the planet and did not at all listen to the desperate cries of Atum, who repeated that this was complete madness.
The inhabitants of Ve, in turn, created a similar weapon, which, according to their plan, was to destroy everyone on the surface of Me. And they also did not want to listen to Atum.
And so, that fateful day came when Sauria from the planet and from the satellite simultaneously activated their terrible inventions...
Neither Thoth, nor Tefnut knew exactly what happened next, for both were in their possession. Tefnut that day felt the shock wave that reached her third planet. Thoth then felt a much stronger blow than she.
At first he did not understand what had happened. But soon, he saw in the sky rapidly approaching balls of fire. These were the remnants of the salvos of the terrible weapons of the Sauria people, which reached the second planet of the local solar system at a speed many times exceeding the speed of light.
Thoth still did not understand what it was. After all, he could not even imagine how terrible Sauria's weapon was and what its consequences were.
In order to protect his planet from fireballs from the sky, he created protective energy fields with the help of his spiritual powers. But, alas, Thoth has not yet reached sufficient power to effectively repel such powerful attacks.
Despite the Guardian's efforts, some of the fireballs hit the surface of his planet. Huge craters formed on the ground, clouds of dust and ash shot up into the atmosphere. Balls of fire also fell into the ocean. Monstrous waves rose, a lot of water turned into steam.
“What will happen now?” Thoth asked himself in panic. “Due to the ash and dust that got into the atmosphere, the sun is almost invisible. What will become of the planet? What will happen to plants, insects, birds and reptiles? After all, without enough sunlight it will be colder! I need to clear the skies over my planet.” 
And Thoth began to clear the atmosphere from dust and ash. But he couldn't do it right away. It took many, many years. During this time, many tragic changes have taken place on the planet.
The average surface temperature dropped and many plants died. Without enough plants, many herbivorous reptiles have died. And without them, in turn, most of the predators did not survive. A great many birds and insects also died due to lack of food supply.
Thoth felt despair. The beautiful reptiles, birds, insects and plants that developed in front of his eyes just died! He could not believe it and felt that darkness was engulfing his heart.
Also, Thoth was very sad that after the tragedy, Tefnut and Atum did not visit his planet. He has not yet reached the level to set off on his own. He did not know what happened to them, nor could he share his experiences with anyone.
“How painful it is for me to see what is happening around...” Thoth sighed. “I wonder if Atum and Tefnut also suffered from these terrible fireballs? Or not? Why don't they come for so long? Are they doing something or are they dealing with the effects of fireballs? Was it a cosmic phenomenon? Or were the aliens testing some kind of weapon? And I wonder how the people of Sauria are doing there on the planet and the satellite of Atum? Have they thought about it?” 
So thought Thoth, with bitterness watching his planet dying out. Oh no, of course not all living things have died! Someone has successfully adapted to the new climate. But the surviving animals and plants have become considerably smaller.
And Thoth thought:
“What will happen if similar balls of fire fall again on my planet? Will animals and plants survive then? What can I do so that life on the planet does not die out?” 
And then a daring idea came to Thoth...
He went to the Throne of the Soul, the tomb of Geba, which he diligently looked after all these long years. The Princess slept peacefully inside the crystal.
“Oh, Geba...” said Thoth. “The world that I then saw in the souls of your companions and now I observe in your sleeping soul, conquered me... I know that you and your followers considered that world full of flaws, but... I still admire it! I hope you will forgive me if I create the life forms that were on your home planet!” 
And Thoth did something that he had never done before. He touched Geba's crystal and concentrated. A slight glow emanated from his hands. Soon, the Guardian of the Planet moved away from the crystal, holding a glowing golden cloud in his hands.
Together with its he went to the mountain spring. Having reached the goal, Thoth lowered the luminous cloud into the water, and said:
“Well, let's start creating a new life.” 
***
A great many centuries have passed. And new forms of life appeared on the planet Geba, on the Thoth's planet.
These were mammals that Thoth created in the image and likeness of the creatures that he once saw in the soul of Geba and in the souls of her companions. He realized that the creatures that inhabit that distant world have a lot in common with each other. They also have a lot to do with life on his planet.
Therefore, Thoth was able to create a great many living beings by taking some cells from the body of the Princess sleeping in the crystal. Based on the structure of her cells, he synthesized proteins to create other biological species.
He deliberately influenced evolution. And it was very fast. But one thing did not work for Thoth — humans. He couldn't create them. He only produced primates that vaguely resemble humans.
“How can I make them intelligent?” mused Thoth. “I have never created an intelligent life. And not a single living creature on my planet has yet acquired intelligence in the course of evolution. How did Atum and Tefnut create intelligent life in themselves? And why have they not been visiting me for so long? Ah, if I could leave my planet for a while, I would visit them!” 
Suddenly, Thoth saw the sad Tefnut flying towards him from heaven.
“Hello, Thoth,” she said.
“Hello, Tefnut. Why didn't you and Atum visit me for so long? Did something happen to you two?” 
“I'm sorry that I couldn't come for so long. Do you remember the rain of fireballs from heaven many years ago?” 
Thoth nodded and asked:
“Was it a cosmic phenomenon? I don't know anything about its!” 
“No, it was not a cosmic phenomenon, but the terrible power of the weapons of the people of Sauria,” Tefnut sighed sadly.
“What?” exclaimed the shocked Thoth. “But is it possible to create such a terrible thing?” 
“Let me tell you everything,” the Guardian sighed.
And she began her story...
So Thoth learned that the people of Sauria from the planet Ve and the satellite Me simultaneously activated their deadly weapons against each other. Its power was so terrifying that Ve's surface was burned out in a matter of hours. All living things died.
The fireballs that reached the planets of Thoth and Tefnut were the residual charges of weapons from the satellite Me. Tefnut was walking in space at this time, therefore she managed to notice the balls before Thoth. She managed to return and used almost all of her energy reserves in order to create a protective field around her planet.
Thanks to this, the hellfire from Me's satellite passed her possession without harming them. But Tefnut herself was so weak that she fell asleep for a great many centuries, and woke up only recently.
To her great happiness, she discovered that life on her planet is taking its course. And intelligent sulphate plants still live in harmony with nature.
After awakening, Tefnut realized that the fireballs were caused by the weapons of the people of Sauria. Therefore, she rushed to the planet of Atum, where she saw a terrible picture. Namely: life on the Ve did not recover. Satellite Me was also lifeless. For, on that fateful day, a charge from the terrible weapon of planet Ve destroyed everything on the surface of Me. Moreover, the shockwave threw Me away from Ve. Thus, Me ceased to be a satellite, but became a separate lifeless planet, closest to the local sun...
... Thoth listened to the story of the Guardian, feeling fear and pain in his soul.
“And Atum? What with her? How is she? After all, if believe the knowledge inherent in me, the Guardians of the Planets cannot be killed so easily!” he exclaimed.
“She's asleep,” Tefnut sighed sadly. “She is bitter and painful that her favorite creations, which she helped to develop, so stupidly destroyed themselves. When I arrived at Atum and found her, she awoke briefly and told me everything. And then she fell asleep again. She doesn't want to wake up. And does not want to create life anymore. Before falling asleep, she told me that it is better to let her planet continue to be lifeless than she will again create those who destroy themselves.” 
These words made Thoth even more painful. They talked with Tefnut about Atum for a long time. Thoth told about his meeting with the aliens on a gold disk and about Geba. He told how many species of animals on his planet became extinct due to climate change caused by fireballs. And how he decided to create new life forms based on Geba's cells.
“Oh, this is where so many amazing new creatures come from on your planet!” exclaimed Tefnut. “And I kept thinking: how could they evolve from reptiles? It turns out that's how it was!” 
“Yes, these creatures are amazing,” Thoth nodded. And sadly he added: “But I don’t know how I can make them intelligent... So far, my limit is primates! But they are far from people! Of course, I was very saddened by the history of the people of Sauria... But I still wish that intelligent life appeared on my planet!” 
“A?” Tefnut was surprised, looking at Thoth, as if at an unintelligent child. “Do you wonder why they cannot develop further, although you have not adjusted the comfortable length of the day and year for your planet?” 
For a moment Thoth froze, trying to comprehend what he had heard. Silence reigned between the interlocutors for a few moments. Suddenly, he laughed.
“Of course, adjust the length of the day and year! After all, it was in the knowledge inherent in me from the very beginning, but I completely lost sight of it!” he said through laughter. “My inattention has let me down! I'll take care of it immediately!” 
“Exactly, this is one of the key elements of development!” 
Suddenly, another guess dawned on Thoth. And he asked:
“By the way, Tefnut, the length of the year on your planet and on the planet of Atum will be different from mine! After all, our planets are at different distances from the sun!” 
“Thoth, we talked about this topic many centuries ago. If the duration of a comfortable day is similar for most Guardians, then the length of the year is different for everyone. Precisely because, all the planets are at different distances from the sun.” 
“Didn't think about it before...” 
“By the way, can you handle it?” asked Tefnut. “It's not easy.” 
“I must,” Thoth replied in a determined voice. “Otherwise, my planet and I will not be able to develop.” 
And he began to create satellites. He created energy formulas that attracted particles from space. And soon, in the orbit of the planet called Geba, two moons arose. They were the pink and blue sisters of Geba, whom Thoth named Shu and Nut, in honor of the relatives and followers of the Princess who slept inside the crystal in the Throne of the Soul. They were dear to the girl, but died a long time ago. Thoth learned about them when he looked into the souls of the aliens from the golden disc and their Princess.
When two satellites orbited the planet, the gravity also changed. Waters threatened to flood vast tracts of land. But the Guardian foresaw this, and directed his energy to contain the sharply rising water level.
If necessary, he transferred animals and their habitats to other parts of the land. Thus, he managed to avoid casualties.
Tefnut could not interfere with the processes on an other planet. Therefore, she supported Thoth morally and gave advice.
When it was finally over, Thoth realized that he was completely exhausted.
“How I want to sleep…” he said. “Probably, I will sleep not one thousand years, but several! Tefnut, was it also hard for you?” 
“To tell you the truth, I created satellites almost immediately,” she replied. “And I didn't have to waste energy maintaining water levels and saving existing life forms.” 
“I really miscalculated...” Thoth said.
“Nothing wrong. And now you can rest.” 
“Yes, I really want to sleep...” 
Thoth used his last strength and was transported to the Throne of the Soul. There he felt peace, the stone vaults of the tomb always seemed comfortable to him.
And next to the Geba sleeping in the crystal, Thoth fell into a long, long sleep.
***
Many millions of years have passed since Thoth created Shu and Nut. On the planet Geba, a suitable length of year and day has been established. All forms of life became more comfortable, they began to develop faster.
Thoth, waking up three thousand years after the creation of the moons, was pleased with the result. Yet sometimes he pushed the evolution of different life forms in the right direction.
And finally, the first people appeared on his planet. Their minds were simple at first, but they evolved. And gradually they learned to create the fruits of a primitive culture.
Thoth along with them also became wiser and stronger. And, finally, he gained the ability to leave the boundaries of his possessions. He visited the devastated planet Ve and satellite Me. Not a drop of life remained on them. And Atum was still sleeping, not wanting to wake up.
Visited Thoth and the planet of Tefnut. Her civilization of intelligent sulphate plants surprised him. And one question did not give him rest:
“Tefnut, why do your intelligent plants somehow resemble mammalian cats?” he wondered.
“Why not?” the Guardian was surprised in response.
“And by the way, why hasn't the greenhouse effect on your planet happened yet? After all, your life forms are sulfate!” 
“There are several chemical elements on my planet that you do not have,” was the answer. “Without going into details, they effectively cleanse my atmosphere.” 
“But shouldn't our chemical elements be the same? After all, we live within one Planetary System, within one galaxy!” 
“Not necessary. Guardians can synthesize personal chemical elements when needed,” Tefnut shrugged.
Thoth knew it was possible. And again he was surprised at his absent-mindedness.
“How strange it is to know something and forget about it!” he thought. “I probably still lack experience, although I have lived for several billion years.” 
***
Many centuries have passed. Everything went on as usual. People on the planet of Thoth gradually evolved, and he along with them.
One day, a golden disk flew to his planet. It was somewhat like the one on which Geba was brought many millions of years ago in order to bury her with dignity.
From the golden disc emerged beings similar to humans: ten men and ten women. Thoth looked into their souls and realized that they were distant descendants of ordinary people and New People from Geba's home planet. And that terrible conflict, as a result, after long centuries of wars, ended in peace. Ordinary people and New People were able to overcome old grievances.
They built a new society in which the ordinary people received part of the New People's privileges. And the New People, on the contrary, voluntarily renounced some of their former privileges. The life expectancy of ordinary people and New People was equalized by technical means. And now, they all called themselves simply — United Humanity.
...When the aliens from the golden disk found themselves on the surface of the planet, they began to speak in a language unknown to Thoth. It is understandable — for so many centuries their speech has changed a lot.
Thoth looked into their souls and was able to understand what they were talking about:
“What a wonderful planet!” 
“It is similar to ours in ancient times.” 
“And our scanners even showed that there are beings here that are similar to us. But their civilization is too primitive.” 
“Indeed, this solar system is rich in life! There are intelligent beings on both the third and the fourth planet!” 
Due to the fact that the satellite Me in the past left the orbit of planet Ve, it became the first planet. And in fact, first former planet Ve became the second. In the past, the second planet of Thoth became the third. And, accordingly, the once third planet of Tefnut became the fourth.
“But the fourth planet is too inconvenient for us. Due to the fact that sulphate intelligent plants live there, it will be very expensive for us to find and develop any resources there,” the aliens continued to reason. “But this third planet looks good. And the scanners showed that there is a lot of gold and other metals we need.” 
“And yet, this planet is similar to the one that one of the followers of the legendary Princess Geba described in her secret diaries.” 
“Really? Reptiles lived there and there was not a single mammal!” 
“So several million years have passed since then! Life forms are changing! It's naturally!” 
“Well, maybe this is true, the very planet on which the Throne of Geba's Soul is... But we are unlikely to find it and find out the truth.
“Let's call this planet Geba!” 
“Yes!” 
On that the aliens decided. And the planet of Thoth has now officially received the name ‘Geba’.
***
Later, aliens on golden discs repeatedly flew to the planet of Thoth. They mined gold and other metals in the Eastern and Southern Continents.They actively interacted with local people. And they remembered the aliens as deities.
On the Central, Northern and Western Continent (which has already begun to disintegrate into islands due to the active movement of tectonic plates), guests from space flew less. And gradually, their images left the memory of people. People remembered only some of them as characters in different fairy tales. Perhaps that is why, in those places, in ancient times, there were no specific cults.
Thoth decided not to interfere in the affairs of the aliens — after all, they did not harm people. Of course, sometimes guests from outer space fought among themselves for spheres of influence. But they fought wars far from settlements, in deserts or overseas. Some people saw it from afar, and described it in myths as wars of deities. People remembered the battles of the aliens on their flying ships as battles on divine chariots with endless fiery arrows.
The development of resources by guests from space did not care for Thoth. In addition, the ‘deities’ sometimes gave people harmless achievements of civilization — new ways of cultivating land, agriculture, construction methods, etc. Occasionally, the aliens attracted people to work in the mines, in addition to their robotic mechanisms. And people were happy to ‘serve the deities’.
Thoth himself also developed. He was simultaneously worried about people and sympathized with them — after all, they often did stupid things and started wars. And even the aliens who were interested in peace on the planet (so that nothing would prevent them from developing resources) could not always reconcile people.
On the other hand, Thoth was curious. He felt interested: what will people do next? Which way of development will they go? What will they choose?
And, finally, his third strong feeling was his unwillingness to interfere even at an acceptable level — because, everything should go on as usual. After all, the Guardian was afraid that if he intervened too much, something terrible might happen, like on the planet of Atum.
Thoth's feelings grew stronger and stronger day by day. And, in the end, they separated from him as three separate entities. Sympathy took the form of the Black Cat, curiosity became the White Fox, and the unwillingness to interfere and the desire to maintain the natural course of things became the Black Raven.
Sometimes, the parts of Thoth's soul, which gained independence, contradicted each other and clashed with each other. Sometimes they appeared to people, and they were remembered as spirits of nature or characters of folklore. And the Guardian himself became more and more indifferent. He understood that he was slowly but surely disappointed in people. They upset him with their eternal stupidity and susceptibility to passions. But at the same time, he still did not want to deliberately interfere in their development at a permissible level unless absolutely necessary, for he was afraid of a repetition of the story of Atum.
Sometimes Thoth took physical form and appeared to people. He even showed some of them the Throne of the Soul, the tomb of Geba. The people of the Central Continent (on which the tomb was located) called Geba the Crystal Princess. And gradually the story about her turned into a fairy tale about the Crystal Mountain, the Fox, the Raven, the Cat and the Princess, sleeping deeply inside a rock crystal.
Other peoples from other continents also had their legends about a maiden sleeping in a crystal. Someone called her the Goddess of the Moon in a shard of ice, and some called her an enchanted princess. Someone called her the beloved of the Sun God, which he placed in a diamond in order to preserve her beauty. And someone believed that the goddess of beauty cursed the golden-haired girl for eternal imprisonment in a transparent stone, for she was jealous of her beloved. But to the present day, the tale of the Crystal Princess has been best preserved.
What did Thoth want to achieve by showing people the Throne of the Soul? Perhaps he just wanted to tell about Geba so that humanity would remember her. But, alas, it didn't work out. People sooner or later distorted history. And in the end, he stopped bringing anyone to the tomb.
As time went. Gradually, the aliens stopped flying to the planet of Thoth. People remembered the guests from outer space, as deities and tremblingly preserved their cults.
Over the centuries, many countries and kingdoms have arisen and disappeared. People learned about magic and made a number of scientific discoveries, made various cultural achievements. But at the same time, humanity increasingly disappointed Thoth. The human desire for destruction was terrifying. And sometimes it seemed to the Guardian that this overshadows all the good things that people create.
He shared his thoughts with Tefnut and wondered: why her creatures are not like that? Why are her intelligent plants slowly but surely moving forward and developing, almost without knowing the conflicts?
Tefnut just shrugged her shoulders and answered:
“Probably, the life forms on our planets are too different.” 
He just sighed.
And then, one day, one human expedition independently discovered the ‘Crystal Mountain’ with the ‘Crystal Princess’ sleeping in it. Although this can hardly be called an expedition: only two people reached their destination, while the rest died on the way. But in any case, people themselves first found the Throne of the Soul of Geba.
The head of that ‘expedition’ was a young and ambitious man from the Kingdom of Wend, Svyatozar. It is he who will be destined to become the Ruler of the Light a little later.
Thoth was surprised when Svyatozar and his companion found and were able to enter the Throne of the Soul. But he became curious and did not interfere.
Svyatozar and his companion did not harm Geba's tomb. They examined everything very carefully and respectfully, wondering that everything was in good condition and that order reigned everywhere. They did not know that Thoth was responsible for the cleanliness and maintenance of the tomb.
Svyatozar diligently copied the magic formulas from the ceiling of the tomb, and with great reverence bowed down before the crystal in which Geba slept. Next to its stood a pedestal with a casket of black basalt, inside which the man discovered a vacuum container with strands of Princess hair. It was left here by her followers many millions of years ago, according to their burial traditions. And it is perfectly preserved.
Svyatozar took this container. Thoth watched this, but did not attach any importance to it: after all, the visitors did not harm the crystal with Geba and did not destroy anything. Soon, the unusual ‘expedition’ of two people left...
Later, Thoth learned that Svyatozar discovered the secret of immortality (not without the help of formulas from the tomb) and became the Ruler of the Light. And on the basis of Geba's hair, thanks to the magic and formulas of the Throne of the Soul, he created the first priestesses of the temples of the Goddess of the Earth and the sun god Hors. He did a lot of terrible things. Thoth was saddened by this, but he still did not try to deliberately interfere even at a permitted level. Only his feelings, which took shape, sometimes tried to influence the human world. Thoth himself had long suffered from boredom and indifference.
One of the unusual occurrences of late has been a small event that happened to the Black Cat, Thoth's Sympathy.
When the Black Cat wandered around the Confederation, pondering how to help the priestesses of the temples of Hors and the Goddess of the Earth, he saw a young man on the shore of the lake. His name was Goven. He grieved greatly over the death of his beloved and wanted to commit suicide. But he was stopped by thoughts of his family. After all, parents and younger sister will be saddened by his death as he is by the death of his beloved!
The Black Cat did not know how to help the young man. And the Cat did what he rarely did: he turned into a human. He took the form of an incorporeal copy of the young man and appeared before him.
Goven decided that the spirit from ancient legends had come to him. And he told the Black Cat about everything. He said that he did not want to suffer any more because of the death of his beloved girl, Mira, but at the same time did not want to forget her. But there is no more strength to live without her. However, he cannot commit suicide, because then his family will suffer.
The Black Cat saw how the young man's soul was torn to pieces in pain. And he suggested:
“Lend me your body. Your soul will also remain in the body and will simply fall asleep. And I will make your family forget about you. Then your disappearance won't hurt them. “
“Why do you need my body?” Goven asked in surprise.
“I want to help someone. I wish to save many girls, doomed to torment, which they do not even realize. I realized that it was difficult for me to help them in my spiritual form. Plus, my intervention is limited. And the Black Raven constantly bothers me. And if I am specially born as a human, like the White Fox, my power and possible interference in people's lives will be limited even more. And I cannot move into any human body, because not everyone is suitable for this. Besides, for this I need to get the consent of the person. By the way, young man, is your name Goven?” 
“Yes, I'm Goven. But are you really talking about the Black Raven and the White Fox? Sounds like a fairy tale!” Goven smiled sadly. “Well, let it be so... Get into my body, whoever you are, if my pain subsides and my family forgets about me.” 
“I am the Black Cat, Thoth's Sympathy. Thank you, Goven, for your trust in me. I will take care of your body. And I will make sure that your family will forget about you and will not suffer. Since I will move into your body, I will be able to influence the memory of your relatives. This would be an acceptable interference. In other cases, this is impossible... I promise to take care of your family from afar. And when the pain in your soul subsides, everything will fall into place... Your body will be yours again, and your family's memories of you will also return.” 
The Black Cat, in the form of the copy of Goven, disappeared. A silvery radiance enveloped the young man. And the next moment, his eyes for a second turned into the eyes of a cat.
It was one of the most interesting events in recent years in Thoth's opinion. After all, the Black Cat, although he acquired a human body, while retaining his strength, still could not strongly interfere in the lives of people. Therefore, he was never able to help those whom he wanted. In addition, the Black Raven still managed to interfere with him...
***
About two centuries have passed since Svyatozar's visit to the Throne of the Soul. And one day, his Curiosity, the White Fox, appeared to Thoth. And she said that she wanted to become a human, for she was curious: what is it? And the Guardian replied:
“May it be so. Find a suitable body and incarnate as a human. But as long as you are mortal, your human personality will not remember your being of the White Fox. And if you remember, I will soon fall asleep, and you, like other embodiments of my feelings, will fall asleep with me. Therefore, it is unlikely that your human life will be long. You agree?” 
The White Fox nodded.
“Then go and become human, my Curiosity. And live your mortal life happily,” Thoth replied.
And the White Fox went into the world of people...
This is the end of the Thoth's story...
***
Eighteen years have passed since the White Fox left for the human world. And so, people again discovered the tomb of Geba.
Thoth was seated on the throne, drowsy when he heard the entrance to the tomb, which he had sealed with what people call magic, open.
The Guardian peered with his spiritual sight into the hall in which the entrance was. And he saw an expedition from Seltsam.
“Oh, something interesting is coming,” Thoth chuckled phlegmatically. “Well, I'll watch these people and their deeds. If they behave inappropriately, I'll just kick them out...” 
On that he decided.
To be continued...

In Book 3: the long-awaited meeting of Avril and Zima! The appearance of the Priestess of the Moon and the Ruler of Light Svyatozar!

Excerpts from the Book 3:
The Ruler of the Light, to whom the Priestess of the Moon told about this incident, had already forgotten about all this. And he remembered only when the android reminded him.
Forgetting many things has long become a habit for Svyatozar. Sometimes his mind cleared up and he could think relatively sanely. And sometimes his mind was clouded more than usual. In fact, his impeccable image in the eyes of the public and ministers was maintained thanks to the efforts of the Priestess of the Moon.
And now, when the Priestess was helping him change his clothes, he suddenly looked at her with sincere surprise and asked:
“Who are you? Why do you have such strange eyes?” 
“I am the Priestess of the Moon. You yourself created me more than two centuries ago to serve you,” was the answer.
“Created? Oh yes! I remember! My father and I found the Crystal Mountain and the Crystal Princess! And there were magic formulas... On the ceiling of the Princess' tomb...” 
“That's right, Master Svyatozar.” 
“But where is my father? Does it seem to me, or have I not seen him for a long time?” 
“Have you forgotten, my Master? He died almost two hundred years ago.” 
“Oh, how could I forget... But why am I still alive?..”
***
...Meanwhile, Avril froze in utter confusion. She had already realized that her power was not working. But why? Did she lose her powers due to the fall? It can't be!
“Listen to my voice and obey me!” she said firmly again, holding herself with difficulty.
“No, you listen to me,” Zima shook her head, trying to get rid of the unpleasant sensations in her temples. “Are you a Confederation cadet? Or are you from the Alliance?” 
“Of course I am from the Confederation! I am the cadet from the Kingdom of Kunda! I was sent to the crash site of the flying object to tell all the locals to leave the forest!” Avril applied all her artistic abilities.
To which she met Zima's skeptical gaze and her short answer:
“I see, then you are from the fallen Alliance fighter... You don't look like a military one — too young. I think we're the same age. Are you an unlucky cadet?” 
“No, me!” 
“You don't have to continue. At first I was hesitant, but now I can clearly hear that your accent does not resemble that which people from Kunda usually have.” 
Edelweiss froze in place. Everything inside her went cold. She rushed to run, and had already moved away a few meters, when she again heard the voice of the dark-haired girl:
“How far will you run away without knowing the terrain?” 
Avril froze and looked back at the stranger. Girl looked surprisingly calm. If Ms. Edelweiss knew what was going on in the girl's head now, she would be surprised. After all, Zima herself did not understand: why is she so calm?
It would be more logical to neutralize the ‘enemy from the Alliance’ with the help of hand-to-hand combat skills. But she didn't want to do it. She was suddenly curious. She had not experienced such strong curiosity for a very long time. Or maybe her hatred for the Confederation just rose in her, diligently suppressed all these years. And in spite of CK she suddenly wanted to help her ‘enemy’. Perhaps there were other feelings, but Zima could not explain them.
Therefore, she went on to say:
“Listen, alarm sirens are already heard in the distance. Therefore, choose: either you will be captured by the Confederation military, or you will trust me and try to escape from them. You have no other choice.” 
Avril hesitated. But in the distance, indeed, the characteristic sounds of sirens and the barking of dogs were already heard.
“You are right. I have no choice. Help me, please…” she said.
“I am Zima. And what is your name?” 
“I am Avril.” 
“Avril, come with me.” 
Zima held out her hand as if calling the girl to follow her. After a moment's hesitation, Avril nodded and took her hand…

Glossary
Character and Confederation names:
In the novel, the characters of the Confederation of the Kingdoms have Slavic names.
- Zima — the name means ‘Winter’. The main character has a symbolic reference to the Slavic goddess of winter and the death of Mara. Therefore, she has black hair, pale skin and blue eyes to emphasize the ‘winter look’. She was born on the winter solstice. Her true form is White Fox. The image of the Fox was chosen for a reason, because in Russian folk tales, foxes are cunning, smart and curious creatures. To maintain the ‘winter’ look, the Fox has a white hair.
- Vesna — her name means ‘Spring’. She was born on the day of the vernal equinox.
- Vuc — is an old Slavic name, means ‘Wolf ‘.
- Vera — her name means ‘Faith’
- Mira — her name means ‘Peaceful’
- Boyan — his name means ‘Storyteller’. The name comes from an old verb meaning ‘to speak’, ‘to tell’
- Beryoza — her name means ‘Birch’
- Romashka — the name means ‘Chamomile’
- Goven — old male Slavic name
- Iskren — his name means ‘Sincere’
- Goritsa — old Slavic female name
- Svyatozar — the name means ‘Light’
- Chernysh — the name means ‘Black’. In the Russian-speaking space, this is sometimes called dogs and cats with black hair. Animals with red hair are called ‘Ryzhik’ (red), and with white hair — ‘Belyash’ (white) or ‘Snowball’.
- Hvostik — the name means ‘Tail’.
- Mokoshin is the capital of the Confederation of the Kingdoms. The name is from the name of the Slavic goddess, Mokosh. The goddess Mokosh was the goddess of fertility, spinning and fate.
- Aloe Kapishche — a city in the novel. The word ‘kapishche’ means a sanctuary among the ancient Slavs, a place of worship.
- Rain Square is the main square of Mokoshin. The name symbolically indicates the goddess of fertility, Mokosh (rain and water, as one of the components of a rich harvest in ancient cultures).
- Agunika is a city in the novel. The name is from the name of the Slavic god of fire, Agunya.
- The Confederation of the Kingdoms consists of ten kingdoms. Each of them was assigned a region number: 01 — Wend, 02 — Lutich, 03 — Morvian, 04 — Ashina, 05 — Antro, 06 — Kara, 07 — Aira, 08 — Nisa, 09 — Tura, 10 — Kunda. Kara, Aisa, Nisa и Tura — traditional arid kingdoms, which are located in the desert climatic zone.
- Conf is the currency of the Confederation. The name is from ‘conf’ from the word Confederation.
- Cryst-lens — in the world of the novel is a magic analogue of TV. They are made from Moon Tear Crystal or glass (budget options).

Symbolism and references to mythology:
The names of the ‘deities’ of the planets in the novel are taken from ancient Egyptian mythology.
- Thoth is the ancient Egyptian god of knowledge and wisdom. In the novel, the ‘deity’ of the planet, its personification. He has nothing to do with Thoth from ancient Egyptian mythology.
- The Black Cat and the Black Raven are the embodiments of Thoth's feelings, his Sympathy and Wish to Keep Balance. Thoth is a mystical character, ‘deity’ of the planet, its personification. The images of the Black Cat and the Black Raven are chosen to emphasize his mystical image. Because in the Middle Ages, in Europe, cats and ravens were considered companions of witches.
- Tefnut is the ancient Egyptian goddess of moisture, dew, rain and fertility. In the novel, the ‘deity’ of the planet, its personification. Has nothing to do with Tefnut from ancient Egyptian mythology.
- Hors is the sun god in Slavic mythology. In the novel, too, the sun god.
- Geshtinanna is a goddess in Sumerian mythology, a scribe and interpreter of dreams. Daughter of Enki and Ninhursag, sister of Dumuzid (husband of the goddess of fertility and love Inanna). In the novel, the goddess of love and beauty.
- Goddess of the Earth in the novel, the embodiment of the planet Geba. A reference to the Damp Mother Earth, the Slavic Goddess of the Earth and the mother of all living beings.
- Atum is the ancient Egyptian god-demiurge, one of the earliest ancient Egyptian deities, the progenitor of other gods. In the novel, the ‘deity’ of the planet, its personification. It has nothing to do with Atum from ancient Egyptian mythology.
- Geba — the name of the character comes from the name of the ancient Egyptian god of the earth, Geba. Geba was the son of the goddess Tefnut and the god Shu (the god of air). In the novel, it is a female name and a female character. In honor of her, the planet is named, which is patronized by Thoth. From there came the name of the world — ‘World of Geba’, that is, ‘planet Geba’.
- Shu is the ancient Egyptian god of air. In the novel, the name of one of the satellites, ‘sisters’, the planet Geba, an analogue of the Moon.
- Nut is the ancient Egyptian goddess of the sky, daughter of Shu and Tefnut, sister and wife of god Geba. In the novel, the name of one of the satellites, ‘sisters’, the planet Geba, an analogue of the Moon.
- Ra is the ancient Egyptian sun god. In the novel, the name of the sun in the solar system in which the planet Geba is located.
Athena is the ancient Greek goddess of military strategy, tactics and wisdom. The daughter of the god of thunder Zeus and the goddess of wisdom Metis.

Terms:
Kaiser — male Germanic title of monarch, corresponding to the emperor
Kaiserin — female Germanic title, corresponding to the Empress

Surnames and identification numbers in the Confederation:
The inhabitants of the Confederation did not have surnames; they all had identification numbers. The first letter indicates gender. X is female and Y is male. The second digit, 0 or 1, indicates marital status. 0 — meant that the woman or man is not married. For married people, the number of marital status changes from 0 to 1. The next numbers are the date of birth. For example, the date of birth of Zima is December 22, 938 post-Renaissance.
The numbers following the R represent the region and city of birth. For example, Zima was born in the first region of the Confederation of the Kingdoms, Wend, and in the first city of that region, in the capital Mokoshin. Therefore, her region number was 0101. Thus, Zima got the identification number X-0-2212938-R0101. For military personnel, an additional digit 1 appears in the identification number. For example, the Zima number in the Core status is X-0-2212938-R0101-1.

[1] A fantasy free interpretation of the Oxygen Catastrophe (Great Oxidation Event). Does not match actual theory.

Addition. Author's and first version of the cover


