Other worlds. Throne of the Soul. Book 1

Elena Kryuchkova


 
“Other worlds. Throne of the Soul. Book 1”
Written By Elena Kryuchkova
Copyright © 2021 Elena Kryuchkova
All rights reserved
Cover - Image by Milada Vigerova from Pixabay, Image by Free-Photos from Pixabay

Kryuchkova Elena
Other worlds. Throne of the Soul. Book 1
18+
Prologue ‘0’
Chapter 1. Normal Morning of Zima X-0-2212938-R0101 From Mokoshin City
Chapter 2. Unusual Morning Avril Edelweiss from City of Rosan
Chapter 3. Zima and Her Friends Vera and Mira. Secret of Zima and Vera
Chapter 4. Zima's Normal School Day. Iskren Y-0-0104932-R0102-1. Avril's Normal School Day.
Chapter 5. Last Day of Vesna
Chapter 6. Oddities in Avril's Life
Chapter 7. God Thoth, Black Cat and White Fox. Parting with Vesna. Children's Book with a Secret
Additional Chapter. From the History Textbook for the Schools of the Confederation of the Kingdoms. The Story of the Ruler of the Light and how the Ten Kingdoms United
Epilogue 1. Entering the Military Academy
Glossary

Characters
Confederation of the Kingdoms (CK):
- Zima[1] X-0-2212938-R0101-1 — main character, later the Core
- Vesna X-1-2003928-R0101 — sister of Zima, journalist in the newspaper Mokoshin News, mother of four children
- Vuc — husband of Vesna, photographer in the newspaper Mokoshin News
- Vera — friend of Zima and Mira. Beloved Zima
- Mira — friend of Zima and Vera
- Boyan — father of Mira, Deputy Minister of Culture, later Minister of Culture
- Beryoza — Mira's mother, a former ballerina, teaches at a ballet school
- Romashka — maid in Mira's family
- Goven — the boy from the school where Mira, Zima and Vera study. In love with Mira
- Iskren Y-0-0104932-R0104-1 — Pilot of MeG (Mechanical Golem), later partner of Zima
- Goritsa — employee of the personnel department, agent
- Ruler of the Light Svyatozar — Ruler of the Confederation of the Kingdoms, has been reigning for two hundred years. Possesses eternal youth and immortality

Alliance of the Kingdoms:
- Avril Edelweiss — main character, later a military magical researcher of the Kingdom of Lutetia from the Alliance of the Kingdoms
- Albert Edelweiss — father of Avril, military engineer
- Claire Edelweiss — Avril's mother, Albert's second wife
- Olivier Edelweiss — older brother of Avril, son of Albert from his first marriage
- Agatha Regis — Olivier's wife, former model
- Ursula Rondal — ‘rival’ and classmate Avril, later magic engineer
- Minako Aoi — classmate and friend of Avril

Seltsam:
Kaiser (Emperor) Wilhelm — ‘Mad Artist’, ruler of Seltsam. During meetings with ministers, he likes to paint them naked. At the same time, he also undresses himself.

This story is fiction and fantasy. And any similarity to real people or events are coincidental.
This story is completely fiction.

Book 1. Zima and the End of Spring. 954 post-Renaissance
Prologue ‘0’
Past…
In a place secluded and remote from worldly concerns, there is a kind of both a temple and a tomb. The tomb - for there has been a girl sleeping inside a crystal for many millions of years. And the temple - because people have been making legends about it since ancient times. And each story got further and further away from reality...
Inside this place, remote from worldly concerns, there were high vaults and walls of white-silver stone. The columns were propped up by vaults, on the ceiling there was an intricate painting depicting magic formulas that are beyond the understanding of ordinary people.
In the center of the main hall of the temple and the tomb stood a silvery throne. The simplest throne, no unnecessary decorations. It looked very ascetic.
On the throne was a child of about seven in a simple white tunic. It was not clear whether it was a boy or a girl. The child did not have a gender in the usual human sense. However, he usually spoke of himself in the masculine gender, therefore, it would probably be true to consider him the boy. The child looked unusual: exactly half of his hair was light, and the other was dark. In his eyes one could see the imprint of the past centuries and long millions of years.
It seemed that the child was in deep thought. But suddenly, he distracted himself from his thoughts and turned his gaze to the white fox that appeared in the hall.
She approached the throne and made some animal sounds, as if talking to the boy. What was she talking about? Ordinary people could not understand this... But the child with multi-colored eyes understood everything perfectly and answered:
“May it be so. Find a suitable body and incarnate as a human. But as long as you are mortal, your human personality will not remember your being of the White Fox. And if you remember, I will soon fall asleep, and you, like other embodiments of my feelings, will fall asleep with me. Therefore, it is unlikely that your human life will be long. You agree?”
The White Fox nodded.
“Then go and become human, my Curiosity. And live your mortal life happily, ”the boy replied.
And the White Fox disappeared... For she went into the world of people…

Chapter 1. Normal Morning of Zima X-0-2212938-R0101 From Mokoshin City
World of Geba, Confederation of the Kingdoms, Kingdom of Wend, Mokoshin, 954 post-Renaissance
What is ‘World’? This concept can be interpreted in different ways. Someone calls that the world around. And someone calls that the entire planet on which he or she lives.
Planet Geba was the third planet in the System of Ra, the local sun. Geba was beautiful: it was covered with blue oceans, in which many marine animals and plants lived.
Dry land made up a smaller part of the blue planet's surface. There were four major continents in total: Central, Eastern, Southern and Northern. Once there was the Western Continent, but due to the active movement of tectonic plates, it was divided into a number of islands.
On the Central Continent, there are two warring parties: the Alliance of the Kingdoms (or simply the Alliance) and the Confederation of the Kingdoms. A sluggish conflict lasted between them for many years. The kingdoms of the Northern Continent preferred to maintain neutrality. But some of them have joined the Alliance. However, they were not eager to fight, preferring to provide support to their allies from the rear.
...A new day was beginning over the city of Mokoshin, the capital of the Kingdom of Wend and the entire Confederation of the Kingdoms (or simply CK).
The streets of Mokoshin, mostly built up with multi-storey typical buildings made of gray panels, were illuminated by the spring April sun. Or as the people called its ‘Beautiful Golden Ra’. It touched with its golden rays the foliage of trees, green grass, buildings, roads and playgrounds.
In one of the houses, on the outskirts of the capital, in a girl's room with pale pink painted walls, an alarm clock rang. The owner of the room, sixteen-year-old Zima with identification number X-0-2212938-R0101, reluctantly woke up. At night, she had a bad dream: as if her older sister Vesna was falling into the abyss. After such a dream, the girl felt completely broken. However, she always woke up heavily in the morning.
“Stupid alarm clock...” she muttered, turning off the hated device. 
Looking at the calendar on the table, Zima remembered that today at school she will be filling out a career guidance questionnaire. After all, she studied in the tenth grade, which was graduation. And at the end of May, that is, at the end of this academic year, she had to pass her final exams. After all, they, like the career guidance questionnaires, influenced the characteristics that teachers wrote for all students. A good characteristic influenced further entering to a higher educational institution. No one could enter a prestigious university without the appropriate characteristic, even if managed to pass all the exams for the highest score!
“Stupid school and stupid questionnaires!” Zima sighed tragically. “And the exams are stupid too! I want to sleep, and not go to school!” 
But there was no choice, she had to get up. Zima X-0-2212938-R0101 got out of bed and began to tidy herself up. She put on her school uniform: a strict gray dress and went to the mirror. From there, her reflection looked at her: a thin, pale girl with blue eyes and long black straight hair.
Looking at her reflection without much interest, Zima began to comb her hair. The girl styled her long hair in a slightly unusual way. She took the two outermost strands of hair, one on each side, and braided them into two braids. Then she tied them in two bundles. It turned out something like small ‘ram's horns’. At school, it was not forbidden to wear such a hairstyle. Although most of the girls preferred to simply braid their braids, do buns or ponytails.
Meanwhile, in Zima's head, a thought appeared: “The main thing is not to make a mistake with my identification number when filling out the questionnaire! Otherwise I'm always confusing something...” 
No matter how difficult it is to guess, the inhabitants of the Confederation did not have surnames, but all had identification numbers. The first letter indicated the sex. X is female and Y is male. The second digit, 0 or 1, indicated marital status. 0 — meant that a girl or young man is not married. For married people, the number of marital status changed from 0 to 1. The following numbers were the date of birth. For example, the date of birth of Zima is December 22, 938 post-Renaissance.
Zima was born during the winter solstice. And her parents, being people with a strange sense of humor, named her ‘Zima’[2].
The numbers following the R represent the region and city of birth. For example, Zima was born in the first region of the Confederation of the Kingdoms, Wend, and in the first city of this region, in the capital Mokoshin. Therefore, her region number was 0101. Thus, Zima got the identification number X-0-2212938-R0101. If a girl successfully passes career guidance, passes the exams well and gets a good characteristic, then, as she wanted, she can become a radio operator in the army. And an additional number 1 will appear in her number, like a soldier's.
... Having finished combing, Zima left the room, and as befits a good daughter, she greeted her parents:
“Good morning!” 
“Oh, daughter, good morning!” answered her mother, who was dusting the wardrobe in the hallway.
Sometimes she cleaned up in the morning before work. After all, she worked as a librarian not far from home, and left later.
“Good morning, daughter!” dad also greeted.
He worked as a truck driver and left home early.
“Do you fill out the career guidance questionnaire at your school today?” he asked.
“Yeah,” his daughter nodded.
“Be careful when you write your identification number! Don't confuse the digits!” her father admonished.
“I won't confuse,” Zima frowned.
After admonishing his child a little more, and saying goodbye to his daughter and wife, the father of the family went to work. And Zima went to the bathroom.
“Breakfast in the kitchen!” she heard her mother's voice through the door. “And one more thing: we no longer have coffee and black tea, and they were not in stores! So I brewed mint!” 
“Yeah,” the girl said.
And to herself she thought: “Again without coffee and tea... Excellent! But our Mechanical Golems heroically oppose the Alliance of the Kingdoms! It would be better to fight with a shortage in stores, and not with the Alliance! Otherwise, everything that grows on our fertile lands will go first of all to provide for the army! And shops for ordinary citizens often lack basic goods! Of course, as all the media say, this is a forced state of affairs, but... This continues for not a year or two, but for many years. Both parents and grandparents remember the shortage in stores... They say that it has always been this way! Will it ever end or not?” 
Zima sighed sadly. Alas, this is true. A sluggish military conflict with the Alliance of the Kingdoms lasted for almost a century (from 856 post-Renaissance). Battles took place periodically on the border. Confederation of the Kingdoms media claimed that the Alliance was oppressing its citizens and using them in battle to take over the resource-rich and fertile lands of CK. Whether it was true or not, Zima did not know. But from childhood she saw a shortage of goods in stores.
Of course, there was no hunger in CK. But food was enough only to not die of hunger. There was no talk of any excesses. Most of the food was sent to the front lines. And also to the arid territories of CK. But the media spoke about this extremely rarely and reluctantly. After all, unnecessary mention of this can undermine the foundations of the great Confederation.
As for the battles with the Alliance of the Kingdoms, the Mechanical Golems were the main striking force in the battles. They were also called simply MeGs. And they were huge humanoid robots powered by the emotional energy of the Cores, special girls.
It was considered very honorable to become the Core in the army. Such girls were respected, they received a solid salary and various benefits for themselves and their families.
The Core-Girls worked in pairs with the Pilots. The Core gave her energy to the Mechanical Golem. Without the energy of the Core — The Golem will not budge and will not be able to fight. And the Pilot controlled the Golem. The Pilots have always been only men.
In addition to MeGs, aircraft and tanks took part in the battles. Snipers were highly valued — with the help of magic rifles, they could hit various targets, and even MeGs.
And, of course, the army had many other personnel: radio operators, doctors and nurses, home front workers, etc.
Zima dreamed of becoming a radio operator in the army after graduation. But she was not motivated at all by the desire to free the oppressed citizens of the Alliance, and not even by the desire to defend the territories of her native CK.
Zima always thought: if in almost a hundred years the Alliance of the Kingdoms could not defeat the Confederation of the Kingdoms, then why would it win now? The scale of the conflict seemed exaggerated to her. Of course, she did not rule out the version that the military conflict is as terrible as it is presented in the media. But her skeptical part of her soul always told her: “This has been going on for almost a hundred years... I won’t be surprised if this is, indeed, a conspiracy between CK and the Alliance! After all, the army means so many jobs for both sides of the conflict!” 
Zima had thoughts about a conspiracy for a reason. Once, in childhood, she and her mother walked along the Rain Square, the main square of the city of Mokoshin. Suddenly some people appeared in bright clothes and with long hair. They started running around the Square and throwing leaflets. Zima was then twelve years old, and out of curiosity she picked up a leaflet and read on it: “CK and the Alliance are in cahoots! Our war is artificial! The army was created on purpose! After all, these are jobs! The shortage of goods is also artificial! Prices for a number of goods have been deliberately increased hundreds of times! This is done so that everyone thinks about survival, and no one doubted the power of the Ruler of the Light Svyatozar! He is not the son of God Hors and the Goddess of the Earth, the embodiment of the entire planet Geba! He is a simple man who has learned the secret of eternal life!” 
After reading the leaflet, the girl got scared and left it. She looked back at her mother: had she seen daughter reading? But no, her mother enthusiastically examined the windows of the Central Capital Store, which was considered the best not only in Mokoshin, but in the entire Confederation. There was no shortage of goods in the Central Capital Store. But, alas, the prices there were so high that a simple librarian and a driver could not afford to buy something there...
Zima shivered uncomfortably and squinted at the leaflet on the ground. How can doubt the power of the Ruler of the Light Svyatozar? After all, it was he who united ten divided kingdoms into a single Confederation two hundred years ago! He is the son of the Goddess of the Earth, the embodiment of the entire planet Geba, and the sun god Hors! Svyatozar has ruled for two centuries! He neither grows old nor dies! He gave people many technical advances, medicines, religion (earlier, the inhabitants of ten kingdoms worshiped the abstract forces of nature)! He introduced free hospitals and schools throughout the Confederation! Thanks to medical discoveries under his auspices, the average life expectancy of people has increased!
The Goddess of the Earth and Hors are merciful to him — the arid regions in the Confederation were only those that were in the desert climatic zone. These were the four southern kingdoms: Kara, Aisa, Nisa and Tura. The rest of the kingdoms during the reign of Svyatozar never experienced strong climatic shocks, such as drought or forest fires. There were no floods or unnecessary rains. And the population of CK for two hundred years has increased almost sevenfold: from thirty million to two hundred!
How, then, can doubt the Ruler of the Light? After all, he is the one whose divinity is confirmed by amazing longevity!
While the startled girl was thinking about it, the city guards appeared and grabbed the people who were throwing flyers. They did not beat the troublemakers, but acted decisively and led them away.
“Mom, who are those people?” Zima finally dared to ask her mother what was happening.
“Oh, don't mind!” the woman answered, only now noticing troublemakers and leaflets scattered about. “These people are mentally unhealthy. Just don't notice them and don't read what they write in their leaflets.” 
“Where did the city guards take them?” 
“To the city guard department. They will conduct an educational conversation with them, and if they are found insane, they will be sent to a special institution for treatment.” 
“But where did they come from?” the girl continued to ask.
“There have always been such people. They sometimes appeared in places like Rain Square, even during my youth. Just ignore them! Better look at the window — what a beautiful fur coat! It is a pity that it is expensive...” 
The girl followed her mother's gaze and saw a fashionable long fur mink coat. It cost ten thousand conf (that was the name of the local currency, conf — from ‘Confederation’). By the way: the average salary in the country was about one hundred and fifty confs a month. Zima's mother received one hundred and forty confs — for the librarian's salary was always modest. Father received more — two hundred confs. After all, truck drivers had a slightly increased salary ratio.
“I think I need to buy faux fur from the market and order something similar from a tailor shop! Together with the material it will be released several times cheaper... I think it will be possible to keep within three hundred confs! Although, it is still too expensive... But if I find a pattern in a sewing magazine, or make a pattern myself, I can sew it myself! For example, I can refine my coat pattern! It will be even cheaper! I'll keep within seventy confs!” the mother continued to dream, looking at the fur coat.
Zima looked again at the troublemakers who were being taken away by the city guards: they had almost disappeared from sight. Then she looked at her mother, who was interested in the fur coat much more troublemakers. And she felt like something broke inside... She did not know yet that this event would change her life forever...
On the evening of the same day, in the news release, which all residents of CK were looking at with special crystal lenses, or simply Cryst-lenses[3], the girl saw a report about the morning troublemakers.
She learned that they are called ‘hippies’, they have ‘low social responsibility’ and often use intoxicants. They are against wars and undermine the foundations of society. And those hippies who scattered leaflets in the Rain Square in the morning were sent for compulsory treatment...
... Four years have passed since then, but Zima remembered that day well. At first she tried not to think about it, to forget about the ill-fated leaflet, about the insanely expensive fur coat and about the mother, who was dreamingly looking at the window. Ordinary people of the Confederation, with an average salary of one hundred and fifty confs a month, to buy such a thing is simply unrealistic. And although Zima herself sympathized with animals and did not want a natural fur coat, she understood why many women dream of its. After all, faux fur in the Confederation was not warm, but winters were cold[4].
And as Zima did not fight with herself, she involuntarily began to analyze what was happening. And she involuntarily thought: were the hippies really wrong? Or maybe they are right? Of course, on the one hand, all the media said that CK was defending its lands from the Alliance. On the other hand, the hippies' words also had common sense. In any case, Zima did not know the truth. She could not talk about this with her parents or her sister: they would not understand her. And to doubt the Ruler of the Light is a sin!
But Zima doubted. Her soul was overcome by secret doubts. And she preferred not to voice her thoughts to anyone: after all, everyone knows that hippies are rare in society and their reputation is extremely bad. They are not looking for a decent job, they promote free love, promiscuous sex, and they raise their children with the whole community. They oppose the divine nature of the Ruler of the Light. They are the wrong citizens of the Confederation.
Periodically, city guards found their communities in abandoned villages or remote places, caught ‘troublemakers’ and sent them for compulsory treatment. However, the incident with the leaflets seen in childhood forever put doubts in Zima's soul. Unforgivable doubts that cannot be told to anyone. For everyone around will not understand and condemn...
Sometimes Zima was angry with herself because of her thoughts. But she could not help it: her doubts did not disappear anywhere.
Therefore, it is not surprising that Zima wanted to become a radio operator for a very prosaic reason: the military personnel (which included radio operators, medical personnel and other employees in the army) had their own supplies. That is, they could buy goods from specialty stores and go to their clinics.
Ordinary people could not go to such shops. At the entrance it was required to present an army ID.
But besides that, there was another reason why Zima wanted to join the army. Namely: marriage and childbirth.
The fact is that there was a strong cult of the family in CK. On the one hand, this is good. After all, everyone knows that the family is one of the main values, the support of a person. But on the other hand, in CK it was often akin to fanaticism. An unmarried and childless man had almost no chance of promotion. And an unmarried and childless woman experienced extreme difficulties in finding a job. In CK society, only a family person was considered complete.
Therefore, after graduating from school, while studying at a school or institute, everyone tried to quickly get married and have children. It was especially difficult for the girls: it is not easy to study while pregnant. And after giving birth, the doctors did not give a long sick leave. There was no maternity leave for students. Children were left to the care of grandparents or were enrolled in nursery groups in a kindergarten.
The question involuntarily arises: what about lactation? Alas, with all the cult of the family in CK, no facilities were thought out for this natural process. It was forbidden for young mothers to take babies with them to the educational institution. It is also impossible to simply express milk into a bottle — for there was nowhere to sterilize the bottle, and there were no refrigerators or other suitable storage places. Therefore, during breaks, the girls went to express milk in the toilets of their educational institutions.
Zima's older sister, Vesna, married the good guy Vuc shortly after graduating from school. She entered the journalism department at the prestigious Mokoshin's Institute. After which she quickly became pregnant and gave birth to a boy. The child was given the care of a kindergarten, in a nursery group. For Vuc, his parents and Vesna's parents worked. And Zima was then a child herself — she was seven years old and she just went to school.
Zima, like most CK children her age, could take care of herself at the age of seven. Like many other children, she herself returned home from school with a key around her neck[5], heat up lunch on the gas stove and did her homework. She did not go anywhere with strangers, did not get involved with bad companies, sometimes she went to visit her friends: Mira or Vera. But of course, she couldn't take care of the newborn baby. At least because of the need to attend school, classes in which lasted from half past eight in the morning until one in the afternoon.
Zima already then, at such a young age, understood how difficult it was for the sister to combine study and childcare. She remembered Vesna's stories about how she had to express breast milk in the toilet, how her chest hurt. And if not expressed in time, the milk would flow down onto the belly.
She saw how hard it was then for her sister's husband: he combined correspondence studies and work in order to somehow support for his wife and child.
Naturally, Vesna and Vuc lived with his parents. After all, it was possible to buy an apartment only as a cooperative, which is very expensive. However, all the kingdoms as part of the CK provided most of their citizens with social housing. But this only happened if, in the opinion of the kingdom, these citizens were uncomfortable living.
The concept of comfortable living was calculated from a minimum of 8 square meters per person.
For example, Zima and her parents lived in a two-room apartment of 45 square meters. In the past, she shared a room with her sister. And in the girl's room there was still a second sofa and a second wardrobe, which used to belong to Vesna.
Vuc's parents lived with their son in an apartment of 59 square meters. The kingdom once gave them this apartment as housing for social rent. But then Vuc's grandparents were still alive.
Later, the grandparents died. And when Vuc got married, and they had the child with Vesna, it again turned out that their housing, according to the standards, corresponds to the concepts of comfort.
However, two years later, Vesna and Vuc received their social rental apartment. For, Vesna became pregnant a second time and gave birth to triplets: two boys and a girl.
Now, she was considered a mother of many children. Therefore, the Kingdom of Wend gave Vesna and Vuc an apartment of as much as 70 square meters and a certificate of parents with many children. Since then, Vesna has been able to buy more items in the store. Indeed, due to the shortage, the sale of goods to one person was limited.
And, of course, the young spouses got more trouble. Zima again watched her sister ‘torn’ between her husband, the institute and four children.
When Vesna graduated from the institute, she, as a talented graduate and mother of many children, was immediately hired by the prestigious newspaper Mokoshin News. And since then she was ‘torn’ not between her studies, husband and children, but between work, husband and children.
And Vuc, like all the men of CK, after graduation was drafted into the army for two years. This was called the Compulsory Conscription. Can say that Vuc also received a ‘reprieve’ because he entered the institute. After all, if a man did not go to study after graduating from school, then he was called up for compulsory military service immediately after school. For girls, military service was voluntary.
After graduating from the Compulsory Conscription, one could enter a military academy or go to work in a specialty from an institute. After the army, Vuc went to work in his specialty and became a photographer in the same newspaper as his wife.
However, it should be noted that many people joined the army voluntarily. After all, military service is an honor. And what can hide — it is beneficial in many ways, including in the field of material wealth. At least, the military personnel received passes to special stores on an ongoing basis. Where there were many goods that were in short supply for ordinary stores.
... Zima, who had been observing her sister since childhood, firmly decided: she does not want to get married right after school and thus be ‘torn’ between her husband, children and study (and then work).
Therefore, she decided to become a radio operator in the army. To do this, she needs to go to a military academy after school. And then she will be automatically enrolled in military service. And she can serve up to thirty years. After all, all military personnel who decided to professionally connect their lives with the army signed a special agreement. According to which they must not only serve in the army until thirty years old, but also not marry and not have children before that age. They even received contraception to avoid unwanted pregnancies.
However, after thirty, marriage became mandatory. In the army, dance evenings were specially organized so that men and women could build relationships. If someone did not succeed, the leadership itself ‘created’ pairs. And actually forced those people to get married, on condition that they want to continue serving in the army. However, at the same time, the army provided very favorable conditions for military women who became mothers not earlier than the due time. Firstly, maternity leave for military women was a whole year, while for ordinary women it was six months. Secondly, the army provided its military personnel with special army clinics and very good maternity hospitals. And for the children of military personnel — kindergartens, where, if necessary, it was possible to leave the child for five days (and take home only on the weekend), in the manner of a boarding house. Also, in military kindergartens there were special ‘duty’ groups where children were cared for on weekends. For, as everyone knows, the military has an irregular work schedule. However, then the children of the military went to the most ordinary schools, on a par with everyone else.
And, of course, the military had access to military stores with special passes. And as everyone knows, there was no shortage of goods.
Zima was not particularly inspired by the fact that in the end, she would still have to marry someone she was unlikely to ever love. After all, the girl already had a person whom she loved. However, marriage in this case was out of the question. Zima could not even tell anyone about her feelings... But despite this, the advantages of serving in the army structure outweighed the disadvantages.
“At least I will be able to go to normal stores that have no shortages. And until the age of thirty no one will bother me with children and marriage,” she thought. “And when I marry some military man, as the military woman, I will have maternity leave for a whole year. And I don't have to express breast milk in the toilet at work. And the kindergarten for the child will be good...” 
The girl got out of the bath and started breakfast: pies with cabbage and brewed mint instead of tea.
“Thanks to my grandmother for sending us herbal teas from the village,” she thought. After all, mint is clearly better than nothing! In the constant shortage of goods, although people did not have to starve, they were deprived of many simple pleasures. Sometimes it was difficult to buy even toilet paper.
Fortunately, Zima's paternal grandmother lived in a village near a small town, relatively close to the border with the Kingdom of Kunin, one of the Alliance countries.
The lands in those parts were quite fertile, and grandmother grew various vegetables and fruits in her garden: sweet potatoes, apples, cucumbers, carrots, mint, dill, parsley, etc. She made canned food from vegetables and fruits, made jams and marinades. She also dried herbs for teas. Zima's grandmother gathered some of the herbs in the forest, as well as mushrooms (which she then pickled). She also had laying hens. And when the son and his family came to visit her, the grandmother always gave them herbal teas, homemade canned food, some sweet potatoes and eggs. Due to this, Zima and her parents held on well.
The parents of Vuc (Vesna's husband) had no relatives in the village. But to Vesna, as the mother of many children, the Kingdom gave a distant house in a village with a small plot of land.
Of course, Vesna and her husband had no time to cultivate it because of work. Therefore, Vuc's parents periodically went there: they, like factory workers, had a shorter working day on Friday.
In the spring, they planted various vegetables and fruits on the plot in the village. In the summer, on vacation, they went to the village with their four grandchildren. And closer to autumn, they also made canned food and dried herbs.
... Zima ate the pies with appetite. Then she looked at her watch: it was time to go to school. She quickly washed the dishes and hurried to her room for the briefcase. An old, but solid, large-sized leather briefcase she got from Vesna: her older sister once went to school with it. It was a little shabby, but still not torn. Vesna has always been neat, and her things have kept a decent look for a long time.
Taking the briefcase, the girl went into the corridor. She left the house with her mother, and they walked a little together. After that, the mother turned to the library in which she worked, and Zima went into the house on the next street for her friend Vera. Then both girls on their way to school went to another house for their third friend, Mira.
And now, Zima was going to leave the house with her mother. It was already warm outside, therefore the girl and her parent wore only light jackets.
The mother opened the wardrobe in the hallway, took out jackets for herself and her daughter. Then, with a sad sigh, she looked at her faux gray fur coat hanging in the wardrobe.
The woman sewed this fur coat four years ago, after that fateful day for Zima, when the girl first saw the hippies and their ‘not worthy of attention’ leaflets. Then, the mother of Zima dreamily looked at the fabulously expensive mink coat for their family. And in the end, having bought the material on the market, she sewed something similar herself. She sewed very well.
She took a coat pattern from a sewing magazine, ‘Confederation Fashion’, as a basis. Having improved it considerably, taking into account the thickness of the material, and making a number of changes to the pattern, so that the finished product looked like the much-desired, but inaccessible mink coat, the woman began to work.
She sewed on an old but solid mechanical sewing machine made in the Kingdom of Seltsam. It was not part of either the Confederation or the Alliance.
The Kingdom of Seltsam was ruled by a very eccentric person, Kaiser Wilhelm, or as people called him — the Mad Artist. This nickname was known in other kingdoms as well.
Wilhelm got his nickname for a reason — he was very fond of drawing strange pictures. He painted even during meetings with ministers. Moreover, the Kaiser did it while naked. And for inspiration, he demanded from his male ministers that they also undress. Then inspiration came to him, and he began to draw naked ministers against the background of roses and cupids, sometimes depicting them in the form of Mechanical Golems or artillery installations. By his order, a separate wing was taken in the royal palace for a gallery with his paintings. And all the courtiers had no choice but to admire the work of their Kaiser...
The Kingdom of Seltsam itself is located on western islands. It was there that the Western Continent once existed, but due to the active movement of tectonic plates, it was divided into a number of islands. Seltsam did not interfere in the affairs of other kingdoms. At least it was official... In fact, Seltsam was actively selling weapons and MeGs to everyone. Although, their Mechanical Golems were inferior to the Confederation or Alliance Golems in everything. But other countries willingly bought them from Seltsam.
Therefore, it was profitable for Seltsam when there was a war somewhere in the world. After all, these are new arms sales! There were even rumors that this kingdom, in order to increase sales, was specifically playing off different countries on the Southern Continent, located far beyond the sea.
However, despite the rumors, the Confederation of the Kingdoms also willingly bought some armored vehicles and a number of goods for the domestic market from Seltsam. But the goods from the relatively small island kingdom were clearly not enough to cover the shortage within the Confederation of ten kingdoms. In addition, according to the CK law, it was allowed to purchase no more than twenty percent of foreign goods on the domestic market.
... A sewing machine made by Seltsam was bought by Zima's mother fifteen years ago. However, it worked properly. And the woman quite successfully sewed on its an excellent faux fur coat.
Zima's mother wore her fur coat neatly, cleaned it regularly and combed it to make it look good. In conditions of the shortage, many women still turned around with envy and looked at her fur coat. But Zima's mother still dreamed of real fur. She did not understand why she needed its, but she really wanted its. Although the faux fur coat turned out to be quite warm — the woman sewed a lining for jackets into it. But, apparently, due to the shortage and huge prices for products from natural fur, they have become something of a proof of wealth and high social status.
Zima, seeing her mother's sadness, tried to distract her from her gloomy thoughts.
“Mom, let's go! Otherwise we will be late!” she called.
“Yes, daughter, let's go!” the woman smiled, finally closing the wardrobe.
And Zima left the apartment with her mother.

Chapter 2. Unusual Morning Avril Edelweiss from City of Rosan
World of Geba, Alliance of the Kingdoms, Kingdom of Lutetia, Rosan, 954 post-Renaissance
A new day was also beginning over the Kingdom of Lutetia, one of the countries of the Alliance.
Numerous cities of Lutetia, built up with picturesque houses, private and apartment buildings, were illuminated by the spring April sun. It touched with its golden rays the sparse foliage of the trees and the sad-looking grass. Alas, Lutetia, like many other countries of the Alliance, has suffered over the past few years due to droughts and winters with little snow, exacerbating the situation. Green grass and abundant foliage, the people of the Alliance have not seen for a long time. 
Despite the fact that between the Alliance and the Confederation of the Kingdoms for almost a hundred years (ninety-eight, to be precise) the conflict continued, Lutetia was far from the front.
CK, consisted of ten kingdoms. And one of its largest kingdoms, Wend, was bordered by two Alliance countries: Kunin and Perla. The fighting took place in the border areas.
The forces of the parties to the conflict have been equal for almost a century: the CK outnumbered the Alliance in the number of military units and human resources. Whereas the Alliance outnumbered CK in the quality of military units.
All of the CK media claimed that the Alliance of the Kingdoms was the first to start the war, that it was oppressing its citizens and using them in battle to take over the resource-rich fertile lands of the Confederation. At the same time, the Alliance media presented a completely different point of view. Namely: as if the magic of the Ruler of the Light Svyatozar, or, as he was called, the Crazy King, is to blame for all the environmental problems of the Alliance. And that the military conflict was first started by the Confederation, for it wants to capture the entire Central Continent.
Each side stubbornly asserted its truth. The mutual accusations continued for a very long time. Nobody remembered the truth anymore...
However, the Alliance had plenty of environmental problems. Severe droughts were followed by such heavy rainy seasons that rivers overflowed their banks and crops died. This went on for almost two hundred years — that is, it began shortly after the Confederation of the Kingdoms was formed. Therefore, in their troubles, the Alliance blamed Svyatozar.
Fortunately, food and raw materials for production can be purchased in the countries of the Southern and Northern Continents, in Seltsam, as well as in the countries of the Eastern Continent: the Kingdom of Daro and the Heavenly Empire. All of these states preferred not to interfere in the problems between the Alliance and the Confederation. They traded with them, dealt with their internal problems and military conflicts with each other.
However, despite resolving the problem of food shortages, droughts and excessive rainfall continued to pose many challenges. During droughts, the land literally cracked, and the supply of fresh water to houses was severely limited. And during excessive rains, and the rivers flooding caused by them, flooded vast territories, people died, houses collapsed... Dams could not cope with such a huge onslaught of waters...
And the Alliance media unanimously repeated: this is the fault of the Confederation! It's all the fault of the Crazy King's magic!
However, the governments of the kingdoms of Kunin and Perla did not care much about the truth about the causes of military conflicts. And even the environmental problems, from which the rest of the Alliance suffered, concerned them to a lesser extent. But every time, at a meeting of the Council of the Alliance, they literally ‘knocked out’ all kinds of additional subsidies for themselves. Citing the fact that they border on such a serious threat as CK.
If the kings and ministers of Kunin and Perla could talk frankly with someone, they would admit: the end of the military conflict will damage their countries. Indeed, after the Alliance began to provide them with additional subsidies to strengthen borders and infrastructure, the standard of living in Kunin and Perla had risen sharply. For the kings and ministers of these two countries distributed part of the subsidies received for additional social benefits and job creation.
Alas, in reality, Kunin and Perla were agrarian kingdoms with a small population and high unemployment, whose products in the Alliance were not needed by anyone at the best of times... But, of course, the kings and ministers of these countries could not tell anyone their true thoughts...
However, in fairness, one interesting fact should be noted: without subsidies to Kunin, Perla and a number of other kingdoms of the Alliance, it would have been really hard. And not only because of their not always far-sighted economic policy.
There were a number of conditions for kingdoms to join the Alliance. Joining was voluntary. And the original goal of the Alliance, formed one hundred and ten years ago (twelve years before the first military conflict with CK, in 844 post-Renaissance), was to confront CK and provide economic assistance to each other.
One of the conditions was not to contradict or harm the general economic well-being of the Alliance. In the official documentation, this sounded good, but in reality everything happened a little differently.
The Council of the Alliance consisted of respected and elected representatives of all its countries. There were no kings and queens in the Council — they were engaged in the internal politics of their states, although they could sometimes participate in Council meetings.
In fact, the Council of the Alliance dictated which country, what to do, and what to produce. For example, in the past, the Kingdom of Lutetia produced a lot of baked goods, wine, cheese, furs and fashionable clothes. Another kingdom, Trabant, produced many chocolates, sweets and mechanical devices. Another large kingdom, Mercia, created many ships, furniture and other wood products. A number of smaller countries produced their various finished products.
Of course, with the violation of the climate, it became problematic to grow something. But raw materials continued to be purchased from other countries and production continued to develop.
However, the Council decided to regulate the economy of the entire Alliance, arguing that it was for the good. It forbade Lutetia to produce its famous cheeses, and also ordered to reduce the production of baked goods and furs. Trabant was ordered to reduce the production of chocolate, sweets and a ban was imposed on the creation of some mechanical devices. Also, the Council of the Alliance ordered Mercia to restrict the production of ships, furniture and banned the creation of certain types of wood products. For a number of smaller kingdoms, the Council also ordered to reduce the production of certain types of finished products, or even completely banned certain types of production. Also, new mandatory standards and markings have appeared for all products.
Of course, it was not large corporations that suffered from the new rules, which adapted to the new regulations. But small and medium-sized businesses suffered losses, entrepreneurs went bankrupt, and people working for them lost their jobs.
Countries such as Lutetia, Trabant and Mercia were considered the largest and most economically developed kingdoms of the Alliance, its ‘Three Great Whales’. Of course, due to the Council's restrictions, their economies and businesses suffered, but these three countries were able to recover. But in the smaller kingdoms, things were much worse... The unemployment rate in some small states rose enormously, and people rushed to look for work abroad.
Indeed, to cross the border in the Alliance for the purpose of work, it was possible to obtain a simplified work visa. And such large kingdoms as Lutetia, Mercia and Trabant actually received an influx of cheap labor. This, in turn, had a negative impact on the level of jobs for its citizens. After all, they demanded a higher salary than the desperate people from small kingdoms. And in order to avoid problems, the Alliance began to develop various social programs and social benefits.
In smaller kingdoms, part of the benefits consisted of subsidies allocated by the Council. Their pension and social systems could not exist without it. In the case of the kingdoms of Kunin and Perla, they were allocated additional subsidies due to the dangerous proximity to the Confederation of the Kingdoms. Because of this, there were many anecdotes about Kunin and Perla.
Despite the external cohesion of the Alliance, there were enough hidden conflicts within it. For example, residents of large kingdoms often disliked residents of small countries who came to work and ‘took’ their jobs. Those, in turn, accumulated negativity towards the inhabitants of the large kingdoms. For, forced to work for a small salary, they looked with envy at the locals, who received higher salaries and could apply for better vacancies.
There were no alternatives in this case: due to production restrictions, small kingdoms could not improve their economic condition and create a sufficient number of jobs. It turned out to be a vicious circle.
In the event of a shortage of some goods and products, the Alliance purchased them in the countries of the Northern, Eastern and Southern Continents. It turned out cheap. And the need for the production of a number of goods within the Alliance disappeared again...
The abundant hippies in the Alliance often threw out leaflets reminiscent of those Zima had seen. Even their content was similar:
“CK and the Alliance are in cahoots! Our war is artificial! The army was created on purpose! After all, these are jobs! Kunin and Perla ‘knock out’ subsidies! They are paid to keep their labor migrants away from the other kingdoms of the Alliance! Environmental problems are the consequences of the Alliance's irresponsible approach to resource use and environmental pollution! This is not the fault of the Crazy King's magic! This is intentional, so that everyone thinks about survival, and no one doubts the power of the kings and queens of the Alliance! The Crazy King is not immortal! He's a fake too! Every ten years, CK ministers find men of similar appearance to play his role!” 
Probably, Zima would be surprised even more by such leaflets than by the one she saw in childhood.
But the fact remains: rebels are everywhere and always, their points of view differ from the official information in the media. On the other hand, the opinions of such rebels are interesting and have a right to life. After all, both the Confederation media and the Alliance media adhered to strictly defined points of view, not discussing others. Although, in the Constitutions of both the Alliance and the Confederation, it was said about freedom of speech.
Interesting: if ordinary citizens of the Alliance and Confederation had the opportunity to just talk to each other, would they see that they are all just people? Would that put an end to the Alliance-Confederation conflict? Hardly. For almost a century of war, both sides have so diligently ‘demonized’ each other that it is very difficult to overcome the barrier of mistrust. However, it is not impossible. It just took longer for people to understand.
But a simple understanding between civilians on both sides of the conflict will not solve the problem. After all, there are also those who are interested in conflicts. Jokes about Perla and Kunin's subsidies appeared for a reason. And the words in the leaflets of the hippies (both the Alliance and the Confederation) that the army is jobs, no one could refute.
Of course, in the Alliance, hippies were also considered troublemakers and people with reduced social responsibility. As in the Confederation, they were often caught by the city guards. But in the Alliance, they were not sent to compulsory treatment, but to community service. After cleaning up public toilets for a year or two, cleaning up trash on the streets, and doing other socially beneficial things, many hippies became exemplary citizens. And they did not think of returning to their past way of life.
However, such problems did not interest a sixteen-year-old girl named Avril Edelweiss at all.
Avril Edelweiss was born on June 22, 938 post-Renaissance. All her life she lived in her hometown of Rosan, in the Kingdom of Lutetia.
Being born into a fairly wealthy family, the girl was surrounded by care from childhood. At sixteen, she attended an elite girls' school (tuition cost a hefty sum a year) and was accustomed to leading a pleasant life.
Avril's father, Albert Edelweiss, was a military engineer. The girl's mother, Claire Edelweiss, was a housewife. Once she came to study in Lutetia from the Kingdom of Perla.
It should be noted that, in general, higher and professional education in the Alliance was paid. But there was also the so-called concept of ‘scholarships’. That is, when a talented student with high results of passing exams entered a higher educational institution, the state or a special fund paid for the education of this student. But in order to get a scholarship for a prestigious specialty, a person needs to be very smart.
With professional education (that is, such specialties as confectioners, seamstresses, locksmiths, builders, etc.), things were much easier. Such specialties were not very popular, and the major kingdoms often gave scholarships to their students and even foreign students from other kingdoms of the Alliance.
Here is Avril's mother, Claire, once this way she entered to study as a confectioner and worked part-time in a bakery. It was then that she met her future husband. He was fifteen years older than her, and had just divorced his first wife. Unexpectedly for himself, he, confident that he would no longer contact any woman of his own free will, fell in love with a young student. They soon got married.
The man's relatives were very skeptical about this marriage. They thought that the man would soon divorce a second time. But as time went on, the couple had a daughter, Avril. Girl was now sixteen years old, and her parents celebrated their eighteenth wedding anniversary last year.
The girl never saw her maternal relatives. Mother always said that she was left in an orphanage as a baby. Alas, this was more common in Perla and Kunin than in other countries of the Alliance. And not because the parents of those children all died at the front. No, all countries of the Alliance provided only a certain number of combat units.
It's just that, despite the subsidies, the standard of living in Perla and Kunin was lower than in other countries of the Alliance. And this despite the fact that they were not shaken by such severe environmental disasters, unlike the rest of the kingdoms!
Another important role was played by the fact that in Perla, unlike other countries of the Alliance, abortion was prohibited. Not all women had the opportunity to travel to the neighboring kingdom and take advantage of paid medicine. Therefore, in Perla either illegal abortions were practiced, or unwanted children were then simply sent to orphanages.
But whatever her mom's past, Avril loved her very much and admired her. After all, her mother is a real beauty! Despite her thirty-eight years old, she looked very young. She had wondrous golden hair, perfect facial features and amazing green eyes. At times it seemed that they turned gold for a few moments! Avril inherited her appearance from her mother and was very similar to her. Only, the girl's eyes were brown, like her father's.
Sometimes, Avril asked her mother:
“Mom, why didn't you become a model? You are so beautiful!” 
“There was no desire,” she answered only briefly.
“Why don't you choose a cult for yourself?” 
“There is no desire either. I am a convinced atheist.” 
Probably, it is worth noting one interesting fact: there have been no specific cults on the Central Continent since ancient times. In ancient times, its inhabitants worshiped the abstract forces of nature and some animals: cats, wolves, foxes, ravens and falcons.
On the Southern and Eastern Continents, various cults were abundant. But for a long time they did not ‘take root’ on Central. In the Kingdom of Seltsam, the Supreme Cosmic Mind has been worshiped for a long time. And in the Northern, the forces of nature were still honored.
But after a man appeared in the Kingdom of West two hundred years ago, who called himself the Ruler of the Light Svyatozar, and who declared himself the son of the Goddess of the Earth and the sun god Hors, many believed in his divinity. He lived for two hundred years, and despite the skepticism of a part of society (many in the Alliance supported the hippie version that Svyatozar actually did not exist, his role was played by just men with a similar appearance), various religious cults captured the minds of the inhabitants of the Central Continent.
In the Confederation, people believed in the Goddess of the Earth, the god Hors. The Alliance, on the other hand, has been dominated by what the local media sometimes called ‘cult chaos’. And Avril's mother, seeing how people sometimes almost go crazy with newfangled trends, preferred to be the atheist. For cults from other Continents, in the Alliance, have ‘overgrown’ with strange features and prohibitions.
Avril's father, although he was a military engineer and a skeptical person, believed in the Supreme Cosmic Mind, as in the Kingdom of Seltsam.
Avril herself worshiped the goddess of love and beauty, Geshtinanna, very popular in some countries of the Eastern Continent. Avril chose Geshtinanna as her idol for a reason. After all, the girl was sure that beauty is one of the most interesting things in life.
The father's timid attempts to influence his daughter's mind were unsuccessful. The mother was neutral. She believed that her daughter should choose herself how to live.
Therefore, Avril honored Geshtinanna and dreamed of becoming a model. After all, why dissemble, the girl was, indeed, very beautiful, like her mother.
... That day began as usual. Avril was awakened in her room by the sound of a pink musical alarm. Things are now fashionable, expensive, and if think about it, then useless. But Avril valued beauty above all else, and believed that since she was beautiful, everything around her should also be beautiful.
The girl got up reluctantly and began to tidy herself up.
“Another day at school, another day at school,” she sang softly as she washed her face in the private bathroom, the entrance to which was located in her room.
After finishing tidying herself up, the girl put on a purple school uniform dress strictly in style, but with beautiful lace trim. After all, the school where Avril studied was famous throughout Lutetia. Daughters of important persons studied there: military personnel, celebrities and even politicians. Of course, the studies cost a lot of money.
Dressed in her school uniform, Avril went downstairs to breakfast (she and her family lived in a private three-story house). As usual, the mother cooked breakfast. Of course, the father could well have hired a cook, but the mother was against it and preferred to cook herself. However, three times a week, the maid still came to the Edelweiss house to help with the cleaning. Also, from the domestic staff, there was a gardener, who is also a driver. Avril could not drive a car due to her age, and her mother simply could not.
Many would consider Avril's mother Claire to be conservative. In the Alliance, it has not recently been fashionable for a woman to do all the household chores herself and not know how to drive a car. But Claire always said:
“Each person chooses how to live.” 
... Meanwhile, Avril greeted her mother:
“Good morning, mom.” 
“Good morning, Avril,” she smiled. “How did you sleep?” 
“Okay. And you?” 
“Also good.” 
“What's for breakfast?” 
“Omelet, coffee and toast with honey.” 
“Eh? Again?” Avril rolled her eyes in disappointment. “I want ice cream!” 
“If you eat a lot of sugar, you will gain weight,” her mother instructively told her as she laid out the breakfast. “And you won't become a model!” 
“I can gain weight from omelet and toast too,” her daughter retorted. “I read in a magazine about a diet that can only eat green vegetables without restrictions!” 
“I put vegetables and rice in your lunch box for school. A balanced diet is important!” Claire replied in a determined tone.
“Oooh...” the girl frowned. But she knew that in this matter the mother would not argue anyway. “By the way, where is dad?” 
“Left early today. You know he has a busy schedule right now.” 
And the truth: the girl's father has often disappeared at work lately.
“I wonder: do men in the Confederation also work a lot? Do women run the household or work?” Avril asked thoughtfully as she sat down to breakfast.
“They both work and run the household,” her mother answered her.
“What? But is it possible to have time for everything at once?” the girl was amazed.
“Difficult, but possible. But it's very difficult,” Claire nodded.
“Mom, how do you know that?” 
“I watched the TV show through the Cryst-lens. Although we, the Alliance, have no contact with the Confederation and the borders are carefully guarded, many people from the Southern and Eastern Continents, as well as from the countries of the Northern Continent that maintain neutrality, come there to study. Thanks to them, we learn at least something about the Confederation.” 
“Cryst-lens show? There only programs about diets and fashion shows interesting things.” 
Avril sincerely did not understand: what else can watch? After all, everything else is boring! She looked thoughtfully at the Cryst-lens in the dining room.
The Cryst-lens was a thin crystal plate made of high-quality glass or the Moon Tears Crystal, which to one degree or another was found on all continents. The Cryst-lenses from the Moon Tears Crystal were of higher quality and more expensive. Cryst-lenses made of glass were inexpensive options. On the edges of all Cryst-lenses, special magic formulas were applied to receive the television signal. The power button was usually located on the side, the wire from it was connected to the Magic Accumulator.
At the back, a special compartment was attached to the Cryst-lens, into which a briquette with magical energy was placed. Officially, they were called Magic Accumulators based on Magic and Emotional Energy (the power button was connected to them with a wire). But everyone just called them ‘magic briquettes’ or ‘energy briquettes’.
The simplest way to create a briquette was to collect life energy from magicians or priests during prayer or magic ritual. This method was popular in the Confederation, in many countries of the Southern and Eastern Continent.
More precisely, the priests and priestesses of the Southern and Eastern Continent simply controlled the process of collecting life energy from the novices. And the novices, in turn, prayed in special rooms with magic formulas on the walls. Magic formulas concentrated their energy. Then, it was put into vessels made of clay or glass (in ancient times) or plastic (appeared a hundred years ago). Magic formulas were also written on the vessel, which kept the energy inside it. Thus, a kind of accumulator, a primitive energy briquette, was obtained.
It was an honor to be a novice in a temple on the Eastern and Southern Continent. It paid well, the novices received various privileges.
But after two or three years, most of the novices left the walls of their temples. Some, especially gifted, became pupils of the priests or priestesses in order to take their places in the future.
The reason for this was simple — can't give life energy for more than three years. Otherwise, life expectancy will be greatly reduced.
In the Confederation, there were temples of the Goddess of the Earth and the sun god Hors. But their priestesses were special. It was believed that they were blessed by the gods themselves two hundred years ago. The Goddess of the Earth and the god of the sun, Hors, endowed them with a beautiful appearance similar to each other: all the girls were beauties with golden hair and golden eyes. Also, the gods gave them boundless life energy, which never ended and a special gift of rejuvenation: each time, reaching the age of twenty-five, the priestesses rejuvenated, again turning into ten-year-old girls.
Unlike the Ruler of the Light, other countries did not question the authenticity of the Confederation priestesses. For, their total number was one hundred thousand. Is it possible every fifteen years to find new ten-year-old priestess girls with such a similar appearance? If can still find blonde girls (and even then, with great difficulty, because the faces of the priestesses are also similar), then what about the color of the eyes? And an eye color like gold is extremely rare. And where do the previous one hundred thousand golden-eyed twenty-five-year-old girls go? Change their appearance?
No, this is impossible — the hair can be dyed, but the eyes cannot. There is no magic to help change eyes color. And if such a huge number of girls used colored lenses that change the color of their eyes, information about this would have long ago come to the media of the Northern, Southern and Eastern Continent. And from there to the Alliance. In addition, colored lenses were invented only thirty years ago. And documentary evidence that the golden-eyed priestesses of the Confederation have existed for two hundred years was in abundance. They frightened many people much more than the Ruler of the Light. Fortunately for everyone, the priestesses did not take part in the fighting, and generally had little interaction with worldly life.
As for magic briquettes, they were made in other ways. For example, farmers slaughtered livestock in special rooms with magic formulas that collected the life energy of animals. This method has been known since ancient times. It was actively practiced in the Northern Continent. But this did not fully cover the needs of the Continent. And if necessary, the governments of the countries bought magic briquettes in other countries.
The second method, invented half a century ago by the Alliance, was to collect surplus emotional energy in large cities. For this, special repeaters with magic formulas were installed, which ‘caught’ the extra energy of people. The method is safe, it did not harm anyone, but it was not possible to get a lot of energy either. And repeaters cost a lot of money.
The Alliance had a number of repeaters, but most of its energy was purchased from the countries of the Eastern and Southern Continent. The Kingdom of Seltsam also tried to use repeaters, but most of the magic briquettes were purchased from the countries of the Eastern and Southern Continents, as well as from the Confederation.
Of course, people also used electricity, gas and oil. But, alas, electricity could not solve all the problems of humanity. With its help, lighting, electric lamps, and some equipment worked. Gas was used for home cooking stoves (there were still stoves on magic briquettes). Long-distance trains ran on coal engines, and many factories also operated on it. Petroleum was the backbone of plastic. Petroleum gasoline has been used in some of the latest car models. But they have not become widespread.
In a word, most types of equipment, most types of cars (including public transport) worked on magic briquettes. Therefore, there were briquettes of very different shapes and sizes, with different amounts of ‘fuel’. For example, some briquettes were used for large Cryst-lenses, while others were used for small ones. There were briquettes of a strictly defined volume and size in the cars. They were sold at gas stations, and drivers could easily change them. City buses had their own standards. The list goes on and on, because magic briquettes were an important part of people's lives.
Avril knew all this. But she was not worried about the problems and ethical aspects of using briquettes and other resources. Although she had heard that in some temples of the Eastern and Southern continents, the novices, due to the inability to find work, unofficially continued to serve in the temples for as long as they could. And some died there before even reaching the age of thirty.
Avril heard that exhaust from oil, gas and coal is bad for the environment. But that didn't bother her either.
It would be more correct to say this: Avril did not care about anything except herself and her beauty. She loved to admire herself in the mirror, was happy until she gained weight, while fashionable clothes and lipstick of her favorite cherry color were on sale. In her opinion, there was nothing more exciting than being beautiful and taking care of yourself. Everything else is just boring.
Avril's thoughts were distracted by her mother's voice:
“By the way, dear daughter, do you remember that your class is filling out career guidance forms at school today?” 
“Of course I remember! I'll write that I want to be a model!” the girl smiled.
“If that's your decision, so be it,” her mother sighed.
She did not want to interfere with the personal choice of her daughter, but still sometimes regretted that Avril had decided to choose just such a path in life. Unable to resist, the woman asked:
“Avril, you have such high marks in mathematics, physics, chemistry, biology and basic magic formulas! You read all the books on magic in your father's library when you were twelve. Have you never thought about anything other than becoming a model?” 
“No, I didn't,” the girl nodded without a doubt. “For me, mathematics, physics, chemistry, biology and magic formulas are so simple and obvious that it is completely uninteresting. I realized this as a child. I read my father's books because I hoped to find formulas to synthesize cosmetics myself. I liked some of the formulas, but I can't do anything without chemical raw materials. After all, completely natural cosmetics, without silicones and parabens, are not at all fashionable! Therefore, it's easier for me to ask my father for more pocket money and buy what I need.” 
It was completely true. Despite her love for her appearance, Avril, in her own way, was very smart and gifted in the exact sciences and magic. Rather, to some extent she was even a genius. So much so that these sciences seemed to her so simple and obvious that it was even boring. The girl was surprised when her classmates did not understand something. And as a result, she did not appreciate her own abilities at all. On the other hand, she is somewhat fixated on the ‘cult of beauty’.
... Soon Avril finished her breakfast. She took her fashionable pink bag with textbooks and notebooks, said goodbye to her mother, and went into the yard. There, the gardener-driver, Mr. Claude, was still waiting to take her to school.
The girl greeted him politely. She was always polite to domestic staff and to other people: after all, a beautiful lady should have good manners.
Claude went to open the garage and start the car. While he was doing this, Avril suddenly noticed a black cat on one of the garden paths. He was of medium size, with very beautiful well-groomed long black hair, golden eyes, and, oddly enough, with a pink nose. The cat did not have a collar, but he didn’t look like a stray either, for he looked too well-groomed.
“Where are you from here, kitty?” the girl asked the animal in surprise, going up to him. “Do you live with our neighbors? I thought they had a gray cat... Did they have a second pet? I didn't think they could afford it! And why do you have a pink nose? Usually black cats have black noses too...” 
It is expensive to have pets in the Alliance. For each pet, the owners paid higher taxes than a new car with a powerful engine. And with each subsequent pet, the tax increased.
The reason for this lay in climatic problems. For example: during dry years, the Alliance had problems with fresh water. Its supply to houses and apartments was limited during droughts. And of course, all living things, including pets, need water. As a result, the rulers of the countries of the Alliance, half a century ago, introduced laws that all owners of pets must pay tax for them. For, just a pet, it is not livestock from a farm or service dogs that are of practical use. A simple pet is an animal without which a person can easily live.
The pet tax law caused a lot of dissatisfaction at the time. People were very outraged by the wording: “A simple pet is an animal without which a person can easily live”. There were protests in all kingdoms. People took to the streets with slogans: ‘Pets are our friends!’, ‘Pets are family members!’ etc. But the law was not canceled. And over the years, the tax increased so much that only wealthy people could afford to have cats and dogs. Even aquarium fish and hamsters were subject to taxes, albeit smaller ones.
“Meow,” meanwhile said the cat and ran a little to the side. Then he stopped, turned and looked at Avril.
“Do you want to tell me something?” the girl was surprised. “Maybe you climbed over the fence? Can't you get back now? Now I'm just sure that you are the second pet of our neighbors! How irresponsible of them — it's so easy to let you go!” 
“Meow,” came the answer again.
“Okay, I'll help you,” Ms. Edelweiss agreed. “I'll put you on the fence so you can come back.” 
She approached the cat, but he suddenly ran away.
“Where are you going?” the girl exclaimed in surprise.
“Miss Avril, if you don't hurry, you will be late for school!” Mr. Claude called her.
“I know, but here is the cat!” she answered.
“Wow! It's true! Have your neighbors got a second pet?” the man was surprised.
“I don't know, but it looks like he can't climb over the fence,” Avril sighed.
She went to the cat. This time he stood quietly in place.
“I want to help you! Why are you, stupid, running away from me?” the girl asked in displeasure, taking the fur ball in her arms.
Of course, she didn't expect to hear an answer. But suddenly, the cat, as if having understood her every word, pointed to the side with his paw. And the next moment, surprised Avril realized that she was standing in the middle of the fog.
“What?” she said in surprise. “Where did such a heavy fog come from?” 
The girl looked around, but saw nothing: everything around was covered with a thick white veil.
“Mom? Mr. Claude?” she called her mother and the gardener-driver. “Where are you two?” 
No one answered her.
“Mom? Mr. Claude?” Ms. Edelweiss was seriously scared.
“Meow!” the cat meowed.
He pointed his paw to the side again. Avril looked there and suddenly realized that the fog had disappeared, and she was in an unfamiliar place.
Avril was surprised to find that she was not standing in the garden near her house, but in a hall with high vaults and walls of white and silver stone. The columns propped up vaults, and the ceiling was decorated with intricate murals depicting magical formulas that the girl had never seen before. And in front, in the center of the hall, stood a silvery throne.
It was a simple throne, without unnecessary ornaments. Could even say that he looked very ascetic.
“Where am I?..” the girl asked in surprise.
Suddenly a voice rang out. It seemed to come from everywhere:
“You wrong! She doesn't belong here! She's not the type to be here!” 
“Meow?” the cat meowed in surprise.
“Right, you were wrong,” now the voice came from the direction of the throne.“Can't you yourself see that she was originally not in the place where those whom you have to help are?” 
“Meow!” in the intonation of the cat, as if an excuse for inattention was heard.
And as if out of thin air, a shadow appeared on the throne, which took the shape of a child of about seven years old in a simple white tunic. It was not clear if it was a boy or a girl. But it didn't matter. In any case, the child looked unusual. One eye was brown and the other blue. Exactly half of the child's hair was light, and the other half was dark.
“Go, my Desire to Help, my Sympathy, and make no more mistakes. There is no need for those who should not be here to come to the Throne of the Soul,” said the child.
“Meow,” the cat nodded, and jumping off Avril's arms, softly landing next to her.
“And you,” the mysterious child said to the girl, “come back. You shouldn't be here.” 
“Who are you? And what is this place?” Avril asked in amazement. “Why are there magic formulas on the ceiling of this place that I have never seen before?” 
“Hmm?.. Did you recognize the formulas in these ornaments?” the child was surprised. “Perhaps the Cat did not bring you here in vain... Even if you are not one of those whom my Sympathy was looking for, but as I see, you show almost no interest in anything. It will be nice if you show a little more curiosity about the world around you. If the formulas from the Throne of the Soul awaken these feelings in you, so be it... In any case, it's time for you to return. I will not erase your memory of this event. Remember this and think about it. Try to find out and know the secret of those formulas!” 
The child smiled and everything around was again clouded with fog. In the next instant, Avril realized that she was again standing in the garden near her house.
“Oh? What?” the girl shook her head, trying to realize what had happened.
“Meow!” the cat meowed.
Turning around, Avril saw the same black cat. He stood a little to the side.
“Wait! What was it?” the girl exclaimed and rushed to the animal.
But that's bad luck! He rushed to run away and, running behind the nearest bush, as if disappeared into thin air...
“Ms. Avril, you will be late!” called Claude, as if nothing had happened.
“Oh? Just a fog and a cat...” Avril babbled in confusion.
“Cat? He just jumped off your hands, Ms. Avril! And quickly disappeared into the bushes! Probably true, he is your neighbors' new pet! Or maybe he came from the next street for a walk!” answered the gardener-driver. “Oh, cats are so independent! When I was a child, my parents told me a lot about cats and dogs! They had two cats and a dog in the village! But then the governments began to impose taxes on animals... And the parents later could not have new pets... Service dogs are not subject to such high taxes, but they are expensive by themselves! And just to get even a mongrel dog has become an expensive pleasure... And without cats and dogs in the village it is so hard! After all, cats catch mice, and dogs guard the house!” 
“Can cats catch mice? Do not only service dogs guard the houses?” the girl was genuinely amazed.
She is used to seeing pets only through the Cryst-lens or from wealthy people like their neighbors. Her family could not afford to have pets, although her father received a very good salary as a military engineer. But taxes on pets would hit their family budget hard.
According to the Cryst-lens, in different shows, media personalities sometimes showed their pets. In such cases, the cats were pampered and lazy, and the dogs were small, cute, in various outfits. Avril didn't even know what an ordinary mongrel dog of average size looked like. Although, how could she know? It is impossible to meet such an animal on the street — thanks to the pet tax law, all stray animals have disappeared. And to look at archival photos in the library or a program about pets from the past using a Cryst-lens, she was simply not interested.
“Mr. Claude, what about the fog?” after a short pause, she asked the gardener-driver. “There was still a child!” 
“The fog and the child? Is this a new Cryst-lens show?” the man thought that Avril was talking about something of her own.
“No, nothing... I think I'm still sleepy...” answered the girl, realizing that Mr. Claude had not noticed anything.
“This is strange,” she thought. “Did I just see it all? But Mr. Claude also saw the cat...” 
“Oh, Ms. Avril! I was distracted, it's my fault! You need to go to school! It's time to go!” the driver-gardener came to his senses.
“Yes, to school...” Avril was still at a loss.
Soon, she was driving to school in a car driven by Mr. Claude. The girl felt confused and for the first time in a long time — curiosity. What had happened definitely intrigued her.
“I want to know what exactly I saw!” she understood.
Avril did not yet know how much the events of this morning would affect her future...

Chapter 3. Zima and Her Friends Vera and Mira. Secret of Zima and Vera
World of Geba, Confederation of the Kingdoms, Kingdom of Wend, Mokoshin, 954 post-Renaissance
Zima, as always, left the house with her mother, and they walked a little together. After that, the woman went to the library in which she worked, and Zima — to the familiar high-rise building on the next street, very similar to her house. There lived her friend Vera, with whom she had been friends since childhood.
Zima entered the entrance (coded locks and intercoms were available only on elite houses, ordinary high-rise buildings can be entered without hindrance), which was also very similar to the one in which she lived: with the same green plain walls and a mechanical elevator.
Zima went up to the required floor and rang the doorbell of her friend's apartment. And she immediately heard the emotional barking of a dog: it was Vera's dog, an ordinary mongrel named Chernysh.
The name ‘Chernysh’ meant black, and this was usually the name for pets with black fur. But in the case of Vera's pet, this is not entirely true: Chernysh had a white breast and white ‘socks’ on his paws.
“Now open!V came a familiar voice on the other side of the door.
The door opened and Zima saw Vera, next to which the dog was jumping happily. He kindly licked the girl on the cheek, and she stroked his head.
“Hello Vera! Hello, Chernysh! V Zima greeted.
“Hello, Zima!V the friend smiled sincerely. “Come in! I’m almost ready!” 
The girl went into the apartment.
“Parents, as always, are already at work. And grandmother left for the village last evening,” Vera explained.
She lived with her parents and grandmother in a small three-room apartment of 59 square meters. Earlier, Vera's older brother lived with them, but last year he went to serve in the army. Vera's grandmother was a civil servant before retirement. Therefore, the Kingdom gave them a three-room apartment and a country house for five person. And now, the woman, being retired, spent a lot of time in the village and took care of the garden.
Vera's parents worked at the post office: her mother was an operator in the department, and her father was a telegraph operator. Their income was modest, but all postal workers had pleasant benefits. For post office work was considered tedious due to the interaction with a large number of people.
Meanwhile, Vera closed the apartment door and... She kissed Zima on the lips.
“Wait, you have no curtains in your kitchen window! And if anyone sees?” Zima moved away from her friend.
“You can't see anything from the street through the kitchen window. I checked. And I missed you,” Vera brushed aside and kissed her friend again.
Zima did not resist. On the contrary, she reciprocated her friend. Yes, precisely, they were in the forbidden relationship so strongly condemned in the Confederation. If anyone knew about this, the ideal characteristic of girls in school, which influenced their future fate, would instantly be ‘crossed out’. Society would certainly condemn them, they would have to forget about a good job.
However, the Confederation was even less tolerant of same-sex relationships between men. If women were simply condemned, then men, out of love for their sex, were sent to long correctional labor. There was even a special article in the criminal code of the Confederation of the Kingdoms — for sodomy. Activists proposed introducing the same article for same-sex relationships between women, but the CK government rejected this initiative. The motivation is that a woman, even if she is in a defamatory relationship with another woman, can still marry and have a child. Whereas a man who loves his gender, even upon marriage, will not be able to conceive a child to his wife, according to his preferences. Consequently, such men need to be ‘re-educated’ through correctional labor.
Therefore, it is not surprising that no one knew about the relationship between Zima and Vera. The girls so carefully concealed their feelings for each other that even their parents and Mira, their third friend, with whom they had been friends since childhood, were not aware of anything.
Both Zima and Vera understood that they were doing something forbidden. Both understood that they were ‘walking on the edge of a knife’. But they could not help themselves. It started a year ago. Then, fifteen-year-old girls who had been friends since childhood suddenly realized that they were experiencing a forbidden attraction to each other.
At first, they hid it from each other. Vera, realizing her feelings, considered herself a disgusting monster with which something was wrong. Zima, who as a child read a hippie leaflet that made her reconsider her outlook on life, did not suffer as much mentally as her friend. But although she did not consider herself a monster, she could not admit her feelings to Vera: she was afraid to scare her.
Everything changed in one day. Vera then came to Zima with a more than innocent goal: they wanted to prepare together for the test in mathematics. Mira rarely studied with them: she was from a very wealthy family, and her parents hired tutors for her at home.
On the day when the girls were preparing for the test, Zima's parents were at work, as always. At first, everything went as usual. Suddenly, Vera, unable to contain her conflicting feelings, burst into tears. Zima asked her: what happened? Vera did not want to confess for a long time, but in the end, she still told her friend about her feelings. And ended her confused speech with the words:
“I love you, Zima... Even if it is disgusting to the Goddess of the Earth and Hors, but I can no longer hide my feelings!” 
She thought that Zima would recoil from her with disgust, hit her, run away to another room or start making fun of what Vera was ‘disgusting and wrong’. Vera already regretted that she had told about everything. And she prepared herself for all the consequences, the most harmless of which was ridicule and the complete destruction of friendship. But contrary to all her expectations, Zima just hugged her. And she said in response:
“I'm so glad, Vera... I love you too.” 
“No, I meant that I love you not as a friend... But in a romantic sense,” the girl babbled timidly. And then she reproached herself for losing the last opportunity to get everything back.
But Zima again simply answered:
“I love you, too, romantically. And even though everyone around us thinks we are ‘wrong’ and ‘disgusting’, but I am glad that my feelings are mutual.” 
“The priestesses of the Temple of the Goddess of the Earth and Hors condemn this. After death, sinners like us will fall into the Kingdom of Chernobog, the god of darkness... And his evil spirits will torture us, together with other sinners... After all, these feelings are unnatural!” Vera cried again.
“Can a human fly? Or breathe underwater? Or is human resistant to fire?” Zima asked unexpectedly.
“No...” the friend answered in bewilderment. “Human does not know how to fly, is afraid of drowning and is afraid of fire...” 
“Precisely because it is natural for a human not to be able to fly: people walk on the ground. It is natural for a human to be afraid of drowning — because people cannot breathe underwater. And it is natural for a human to be afraid of fire — because people have no resistance to it,” Zima answered.
“If you try to justify our feelings in such a way, then you can justify many crimes,” Vera answered bitterly.
“No, I'm not going to justify crimes,” the girl shook her head. “And I will never justify those who commit them. However, if two people of the same gender and age are in love with each other, then what's wrong with that?” 
“Nothing,” the friend suddenly realized. “However, the priestesses of the temples of Hors and the Goddess of the Earth...” 
“They are also encouraged to love each other, if it is mutual,” Zima shrugged. “And I don't think the priestesses are perfect. After all, even if they were blessed by Hors and the Goddess of the Earth two hundred years ago, they are still human. And people are often wrong!” 
Vera at that moment looked at her friend with wide eyes. She had never thought about it before, but suddenly realized that Zima might be right... And gradually her attitude towards the world around began to change...
A year has passed since then. And all this time the girls were in a secret relationship, which they hid from everyone... Only the dog Chernysh was a silent witness of their romantic relationship.
But Zima and Vera immediately agreed on one thing — they will not go further than hugs and kisses until they reach adulthood. By that time, they will definitely be able to understand their feelings, and finally decide. And the girls didn't cross the line.
... Zima and Vera were distracted by Chernysh: the dog began rubbing his nose against their legs.
“Chernysh, what's the matter? I walked with you today!” Vera was surprised. She always got up early and went for a walk with the dog before going to school.
“I think he's trying to say we're late,” Zima giggled. And she stroked the pet on the head: “Well done, Chernysh! Good boy!” 
He barked contentedly. And Vera, meanwhile, glanced at her watch:
“Oh, really, we are late! And you have to go for Mira!” 
The girls quickly gathered, and after saying goodbye to the dog, left the apartment. Vera closed the door with a key, and the friends hurried to the next street to get their third friend, Mira.
It was one of the Special Districts of the city of Mokoshin, where civil servants, public figures, cultural figures, eminent engineers, etc. lived.
If most of the city's streets were built up with multi-storey standard buildings made of gray panels (like those where Zima and Vera lived), then the Special Districts were built up with low-rise brick houses for twenty apartments, townhouses and private cottages.
Guards always walked around the Special Districts, and there were concierges in low-rise buildings with twenty apartments.
Special Districts were divided into different classes. Several particularly upscale Special Districts were located in the center of Mokoshin, near Rain Square. Ministers and high-ranking military personnel lived there. And also, especially eminent scientists, cultural and public figures.
In the centers of the capitals of the other nine kingdoms of the Confederation, there were also similar Special Districts, where government members and local celebrities lived. But, although each kingdom had its own additional authorities, the government of the Kingdom of Wend was considered the most supreme in CK. For it was headed by the Ruler of the Light, Svyatozar.
He and his government ruled over all ten kingdoms and enacted basic legislation. However, the other nine kingdoms could have their own laws, provided that they did not contradict the basic laws of the Confederation.
... The Special District where Mira lived was not considered upscale. Mira's father served as Deputy Minister of Culture. It sounded solid, but he did not have special powers. Therefore, the girl's parents with a calm heart let her go to school unaccompanied. As, indeed, most of the inhabitants of their Special District.
Children of more high-status parents went to school, accompanied by maids, who, if necessary, could protect them with the help of special magic stun guns. And even the children of high-status parents were rarely accompanied by special guards. There are several reasons for this: firstly, a child accompanied by a maid attracts less attention. Secondly, the maids in such high-status families not only knew how to use magic stun guns, but also specially trained in martial arts. And thirdly, there was a very low crime rate in the Confederation of the Kingdoms. At least officially.
... Despite the existence of Special Districts, all children, regardless of the status of their parents, went to simple public schools. There was an interesting situation with schools in the Confederation. There was a so-called ‘Tied’ system.
That is, certain streets and districts were ‘tied’ to each school. And children from the Special Districts went to school with the children of their most ordinary families, wore the same school uniform and did the same homework.
It was believed that this helps children from families with high status ‘to be closer to the people’. And it shows that within the educational system of the Confederation, everyone is equal.
In fact, it was only for show. Many high-status parents personally ‘negotiated’ with teachers and school management on a non-gratuitous basis. And the teachers gave their children high marks, if necessary, studied additionally and wrote good characteristics. Such things were officially forbidden, but in reality they were widely practiced. Teachers had a special attitude towards ‘status’ children.
Of course, not all members of the elite agreed with teachers about the best marks for their children. There were also honest people who did not interfere in the educational process of their children more than was allowed. Mira came from such a family.
She made friends with Zima and Vera in the first grade. Mira was then a timid seven-year-old girl who was shy and afraid of everything. Her father at that time just started working in the Ministry of Culture, and her mother, a professional ballerina, was still performing on stage. They recently moved to the Special District.
Looking at the quiet and modest Mira, no one could have thought that she was from such a respectable family. Zima and Vera immediately noticed the timid girl. And they thought that she must be sad to be alone. And at school break they invited her to play tag with them. So they became friends.
Nine years have passed since then. Mira's father became Deputy Minister of Culture. Mother stopped performing on stage and now taught at a ballet school. They still lived in the same Special District that they had once moved to. And Mira was still friends with Zima and Vera. Despite the difference in social class, the girls were best friends.
... Zima and Vera walked down the street, talking on different topics. They discussed the upcoming career guidance, school, the strange extravagant outfits of their class teacher.
The girls had almost reached the Special District when they suddenly saw a woman across the street in a wheelchair, driven by another woman in the uniform of a maid.
The woman in the wheelchair was wearing a white dress with red embroidery. When she and the maid passed by Zima and Vera, the girls, as expected, bowed respectfully. After all, white dresses with red embroidery could only be worn by Hired Mothers. The woman in the white dress smiled at the girls.
“The Hired Mothers are amazing. The Goddess of the Earth and Hors sent them hard trials, but they still work for the good of society,” Vera said with sincere respect as the woman and her maid disappeared from sight.
“Yes, they are very strong in spirit,” Zima agreed.
She really thought so. But she could not help thinking: “Hired Mothers are women with disabilities. They give birth to children for wealthy families who, for some reason, cannot have children themselves. Therefore, people call them ‘Hired Mothers’ because they are hired to give birth to children. It pays well and these women are entitled to various benefits. On the one hand, it is good that these women are given the opportunity to participate in public life. But on the other hand, they have no choice. Such women cannot work anywhere else. And they don't even have the right to get married until they give birth to three children for other families. This is done so that they are not distracted from childbirth. And they have no rights to those children they gave birth to. The Temples of the Goddess of the Earth and Hors say that giving birth to children for other families is the mission of those women in this life. And the Hired Mothers absolutely cannot choose their own destiny...
Besides, I find it difficult to imagine: how do the wives of those men who hire Hired Mothers feel? After all, until the Hired Mother becomes pregnant, she lives in the house of those for whom she must give birth to children. And the husband must have sexual intercourse with the Hired Mother in front of his wife!” 
Zima sighed. Alas, even with her beloved Vera, she could not share some of her thoughts.
Vera herself, meanwhile, said:
“There are still Hired Fathers... But they are rarely seen on the streets.” 
“Yeah, for some reason this is so,” Zima agreed.
The Hired Fathers were analogous to the Hired Mothers. These were also men with disabilities, who wore white robes with red embroidery. They were hired by wealthy families in cases where the husband was sterile.
Some public figures said that in connection with the development of modern medicine, it is possible to do artificial insemination. And therefore, the social institution of Hired Mothers and Hired Fathers needs to be transformed. That is, to remove the intercourse of one of the spouses with the Hired Mother or Hired Father in front of the other spouse.
But this idea had many opponents. They claimed that all Hired Mothers and Fathers were blessed by the priestesses of the temples of Hors and the Goddess of the Earth. This means that intercourse with them cannot be considered a pleasure, for this is a sacred ritual in the name of childbirth. And medical services can be used only in cases where the help of Hired Mothers or Fathers is impossible for any reason.
Time passed, and debates on this topic either stopped or began with renewed vigor. But the institution of Hired Mothers and Fathers still existed in its traditional form.
... Meanwhile, Zima and Vera reached Mira's house (she lived in a private cottage surrounded by a high fence) and rang the bell at the gate.
Soon the gates were opened, and the maid, who worked for a friend's family, appeared in front of the girls. It was a young woman with brown hair named Romashka, wearing a uniform dark blue long dress with a white apron, in a style approved by the Ministry of Culture.
Romashka was twenty-three years old. She specially graduated from a professional lyceum, specializing in domestic personnel. Like most non-military girls her age, she was married and had two children.
Romashka was engaged not only in cleaning, but also in cooking, like many other maids in the wealthy families of the Confederation of the Kingdoms. Also, some of the maids knew how to drive and performed the duties of a personal driver for their mistress (the masters usually had his own personal driver) and her children.
Zima and Vera knew all this, because Mira talked a lot about Romashka. Although not entirely appropriate, the girl was very attached to the maid. Although Romashka, as expected, tried to keep the ‘distance’ of the domestic staff.
“Good morning, Zima and Vera,” she politely greeted the friends of the employer's daughter. “Ms. Mira literally just got up. You two know how miss loves to sleep!” 
“Oh, yes...” the girls answered in one voice, glancing at each other maliciously.
Mira really loved to sleep! And waking her up in the morning is not easy.
Zima and Vera followed Romashka into the territory of the garden that surrounded the house. Light music from a gramophone was playing in the garden: Mira's mother, Beryoza, a very beautiful red-haired woman, was warming up to the music.
She also greeted the girls politely:
“Good morning, Zima and Vera!” 
“Good morning, Mrs. Beryoza!” they responded.
Beryoza, like her husband, Boyan, Mira's father, had nothing against her daughter's communication with girls of a more modest social status, unlike some parents with high status.
Still, Beryoza and Boyan were born in simple families themselves. Beryoza was born in a small village in a family of farmers. But perseverance and a desperate desire to escape from the difficult conditions of life, forced her to do a lot of dancing. From the age of six, while she was in school, she went to the town (the village was located not far from a small town) in order to practice dancing. She had to ride three times a week. The bus came to a stop near the village twice a day, on schedule. It was hard to devote a lot of time to the road and training. But in the end, Beryoza's efforts were rewarded. After graduating from a rural school, she was able to leave for a big city, where she entered the Ballet School.
In the Confederation of the Kingdoms, all education was free. The selection of students to higher educational institutions was carried out on the basis of their abilities. At least officially. In reality, things were a little different — wealthy parents ‘negotiated’ with the right people from educational institutions. And they received answers to the entrance exams for the children. Everyone passed the written exams, and all the works were kept in the archives for ten years, in case the Verification came. However, it is impossible to find students with answers received in advance.
But, despite some ‘features’ of the education system, children from ordinary families had a real chance to enter the desired educational institution. If, of course, the level of training allowed them...
Boyan, Mira's father and Beryoza's husband, also came from a simple family: his mother worked as a maid in a wealthy family of a small town official. Boyan's father was a builder, but died when the boy was still a child — there was an accident at a construction site.
Of course, single mothers in CK were entitled to benefits in the form of additional child benefits, free school uniforms, etc., but... It was still hard.
Boyan saw his mother ‘torn’ between home and work. And mentally he thanked Hors and the Goddess of the Earth that he was the only child of his parents. After all, if he had brothers or sisters, the mother would have been even harder...
The mother did not want to get married a second time: for in their city there were vague rumors about an incident that was not customary to discuss in the Confederation. Rumors consisted in the fact that a certain widow, the mother of a son, had married a seemingly trustworthy widower for the second time, the father of two lovely daughters. The widower took care of the girls, loved them with the most sincere parental love. But he didn’t love his stepson as a son... And one day, having come home from school earlier, one of the daughters found her father with her step-brother, who resisted the actions of his stepfather. The girl was shocked by what she saw.
Her father tried to tell her that she got it all wrong! But the girl ran away from home and was hit by a car. In the hospital, she managed to tell the doctor about what she saw, after which she died. Rumors spread. The boy could not stand it and committed suicide. The incident was attributed to an accident.
The question arises: what about his mother, step-sister and stepfather? It's simple: not being able to dissolve the marriage (after all, there were no divorces in the CK), the mother simply left to live with her parents. The father drank himself to death. And his second daughter, also shocked by this whole story, left to live with her aunt in another city. The surrounding people pretended that nothing had happened.
Therefore, Boyan's mother chose not to marry the second. And the boy grew up thinking that he should study well in order to enter a prestigious educational institution and help her.
As a result, he entered the Institute of Culture. And one day he met Beryoza. They liked each other and got married. They had a lot of hard times before they succeeded. Beryoza after the birth of Mira had to make superhuman efforts on herself in order to again appear on stage as the ballerina.
But they were able to overcome everything. And they became respected people. Beryoza, as a ballet worker, was able to help her parents build a good farm: they did not want to live in the city, because they were used to living in the countryside. And Boyan moved his mother to Mokoshin, where he was able to buy her an apartment (in CK can buy an apartment, but it is very expensive).
And both spouses wanted the best for Mira, their only daughter.
... Meanwhile, Beryoza told Zima and Vera:
“Girls, you go into the house! Mira should get ready by now, but I won't be surprised that she fell asleep in the dining room!” 
“Yes, Mrs. Beryoza,” the schoolgirls nodded.
They admired their friend's mother: after all, Beryoza is a beautiful and very stubborn woman. She managed to achieve so much, despite the fact that she gave birth to only one child! After all, as everyone knows, in the Confederation of the Kingdoms, women with two or more children achieved more success in their careers.
Although, all the same, not all married couples had more than two children. The reason for this was simple — financial difficulties. Families with three or more children were entitled to benefits, and their mothers were promoted at work, this was not enough in the face of constant shortages. In addition, the salary at work did not increase much. Therefore, women used different methods to avoid unwanted pregnancies.
Alas, special contraceptives could only be bought at a pharmacy under a strict doctor's prescription. They were prescribed only in cases where a woman is contraindicated in pregnancy for health reasons.
Also, contraceptives were given to women and men serving in the army. Indeed, according to the contract, until the age of thirty, they pledged not to marry and not have children.
Ordinary people used old methods. For example, interrupted intercourse by a man. And women, in order not to become pregnant, put dried moss or lemon in their vagina before intercourse.
Zima and Vera have heard about these methods. But they didn't think about it now. After all, both girls were going to go to the army after school. Zima dreamed of becoming a radio operator. And Vera is a nurse. Their friend Mira had doubts about her future.
In all schools of the Confederation, including the one where the girls studied, they were obliged to take military training lessons. On them, all students learned to march, shoot rifles, provide first aid, survive in critical situations, and also learned the basics of the device of firearms.
Zima was good at shooting a rifle, providing first aid and coping with everything else. With good grades in Military Training, she hoped to get a positive characteristic to become a radio operator.
Vera didn't like firearms. But she was excellent in first aid and acted quickly and correctly in critical and non-standard situations. She wanted to become a military nurse. And despite the fact that she was not very good at shooting, the Military Training teacher was ready to write her a good characteristic.
As for Mira, all the Military Training (as well as other school subjects) was easy for her. She was an excellent rifle shot, hitting ninety-nine targets out of a hundred. Everyone predicted her a great future as a sniper. After all, snipers are important in the war with the Alliance: from magic rifles, they hit various targets. And if they have enough magical energy (its level was determined already in the army), they can even hit the Mechanical Golem. After all, MeG also has weak points in the armor, which can only be hit by a skilled sniper...
Mira's father wanted so that after school she entered the military academy and became a sniper. After all, then she, as the daughter of a politician and cultural figure, as well as the owner of enormous abilities, would have a bright future. Mira's mother agreed with her husband. Of course, before she wanted to see her daughter as a ballerina, but the girl did not show any interest in dancing.
As for Mira, she doubted. She understood that everyone expected something outstanding from her, as from the daughter of parents with a fairly high status. And she couldn't resist it. Although, the girl herself thought that she would more like to become a kindergarten teacher, get married and have two children. Plus, there was a boy she liked. He attended the same school, but a year younger. But, alas, Mira could not resist the expectations of the people around her... And she did not tell anyone about her secret thoughts, even her friends.
... Meanwhile, Zima and Vera, accompanied by Romashka, entered Mira's house. Inside, it was spacious and luxurious. “Still, common people and people with high status live in completely different ways...” Zima involuntarily envied.
“Mira! Hello! This is us!” they called.
“Oooh...” came a sleepy sound from the dining room.
“Ms. Mira apparently fell asleep at breakfast,” Romashka smiled. “I think you two would be better off waking her up.” 
“Oh...” the girls sighed in one voice.
They went to the dining room and saw a beautiful girl with long reddish hair, who was sitting at the table with her eyes closed. Of course, it was Mira who was asleep.
Both girls involuntarily thought: “Everyone is predicting the future of a sniper for Mira... She will fall asleep at the combat post!”. But there was nothing to do, her friends began to wake her up.
“Mira, wake up,” Zima called.
“Otherwise we'll be late for school,” added Vera.
But Mira did not want to wake up. She only repeated in a dream:
“Just a minute... I want to sleep...” 
Romashka stood aside, heroically removed from such a responsible task as awakening the mistress.
Finally, somehow, Vera and Zima managed to awaken their friend. She reluctantly opened her eyes, looked at them sleepily and said:
“Oh, Zima and Vera! Hello! I'll ride the unicorn a little more...” 
And then she closed her eyes again...
“No, don't go to sleep! We'll be late for school!” the girls protested with one voice.
And again they began to wake up the sleeping friend. In the end, this difficult task was still crowned with success. And Mira woke up completely.
“Oh! School! We are late! Faster, Vera and Zima! Let's hurry!” she exclaimed and ran for her bag.
Soon, all three girls politely said goodbye to Romashka and Beryoza, and headed to school. When they left the garden surrounding Mira's house, they heard Romashka's confused voice:
“Oh, cat, where are you from here?” 
Neither Zima, nor Vera, nor Mira paid attention to the maid's words. There are many domestic cats and dogs in the Confederation of the Kingdoms. Alas, the problem of homeless animals was also acute. But if special services tried to catch dogs, they did not even pay attention to cats. First, cats, unlike dogs, do not pose a strong threat to humans. Secondly, cats catch mice. Alas, in the densely populated cities of CK, there was a problem with rodents. Ordinary people usually didn't hurt cats. And in CK there was even an expression: “Cats always walk wherever they want”.
Even in Special Districts, such as where Mira lived, strangers сats often walked around the territories of private houses. Moreover, it was not clear: whether these are pets, or homeless animals. But many homeowners simply put bowls of food for four-legged guests in their gardens. Of which, among other things, birds often ate.
“Cats have often come to us and our neighbors lately,” meanwhile Mira said thoughtfully, closing the gates of the house behind her.
“Many kittens were born in the basement of our high-rise building,” Zima nodded. “The children of many took home. But not all of them.” 
“When the kittens grow up, many of them will run away to freedom, when the owners let them out for a walk,” added Vera. “I wonder why in our country the owners of cats so often let them go for a walk by themselves? Cats run away afterwards!” 
“It must have started from ancient times,” Zima suggested. “After all, before the Ruler of the Light created the Confederation, the population of all ten kingdoms was thirty million people. The cities were much smaller, and there was more vegetation everywhere. And in those days, many people let cats go for a walk on their own!” 
The girls agreed with the friend's suggestion. However, it turned out to be completely correct...
Meanwhile, Romashka looked in surprise at the cat, which seemed to appear literally out of thin air. He was medium in size, with a very beautiful well-groomed long black hair, golden eyes, and, oddly enough, with a pink nose. The cat did not have a collar, but it didn’t look like a stray either.
The cat, as if not expecting to see the maid, looked at her for some time with unblinking golden eyes.
“Meow!” he said.
“Where are you from here? I've never seen you here before! You are definitely not a stray!” the maid wondered. “Oh, okay... Would you like some fish?” 
“Meow!” the cat answered in the affirmative.
“I’ll bring it right now,” said Romashka.
And she went into the house for the fish left over from yesterday's dinner. Boyan and Beryoza were in favor of the maid giving food to the coming cats. Which she readily did.
As soon as Romashka disappeared inside the house, in order to find the remains of the fish, the cat looked busily around. There was no one else around: Boyan had already left for the service. And Beryoza, after a warm-up, went into the house to get ready for classes: after all, she taught at a ballet school.
And the cat, without wasting time, quickly rushed to a bush that was growing a little to the side with a scarlet peony that had not yet bloomed. The four-legged visitor began to deftly touch the flower stems with his paws. And soon, he pulled out a mysterious little black device, which crackled strangely and barely audibly. A person could hear this sound only if put the object to own ear.
The cat took its ‘prey’ with his teeth and was about to hide, when suddenly another strange event happened. As if from nowhere, a black raven appeared. He flew up to the cat, with a loud cry:
“Caw! Caw!” and tried to grab the object out of cat's mouth with his paws.
A battle began between them.
At this time, Romashka and Beryoza just left the house. The maid was carrying the fish and had already managed to tell the mistress about the four-legged guest. Beryoza also became interested to look at the little visitor.
But leaving the house, the women saw a fierce battle between the cat and the raven.
“Oh, those ravens! Are completely insolent!” exclaimed the angry maid. And she rushed to drive the bird away: “Well, get out of here! Stop hurting little cats!” 
Seeing the Romashka, the raven was distracted from the cat for a moment. Animal tried to escape, but the raven contrived and snatched a mysterious black object from the cat's mouth with its beak. Then he angrily looked at the cat, which fiercely hissed at the bird and rushed to the side. In just a few moments, he disappeared into the bushes.
The raven triumphantly flew in a circle over the peony bush, then went to Romashka and... He threw a mysterious black object at her feet, which he had previously held in its beak.
“What is it?” Beryoza was genuinely amazed.
She didn’t notice how Romashka involuntarily flinched. But after a moment, the maid exclaimed:
“Oh, those ravens! They are completely insolent! And it scared the cat, and brought some garbage!” 
Romashka quickly bent down and picked up the item and put it in the pocket of her apron.
“What is this thing?” did not understand Beryoza.
“Some piece of plastic, mistress! These ravens constantly steal whatever they can! Don't worry, I'll throw it in the trash! I will not let these impudent birds litter in other people's gardens!” 
“Okay,” Beryoza has already lost interest in the mysterious subject. And she added thoughtfully: “There have been a lot of ravens lately... Maybe we were afraid to put a scarecrow in the garden?” 
“Oh, I just saw in the Cryst-lens broadcast how to make a small and cute enough scarecrow for the garden! Suitable even for the city!” Romashka perked up. “I can do it! I just wanted to try it!” 
“Oh, Romashka, you are such a wonderful maid! I would be very glad if you make a scarecrow,” Beryoza smiled. “It's time for me to get ready! It's not good to be late...” 
And she hurried into the house. The maid froze thoughtfully for a moment. She quickly and carefully examined the decorative begonia in a pot, several flower beds, and now, her gaze fell on a peony bush. She noticed that the stems were in disarray, as if someone was touching them with small hands or paws.
“Did that cat really do it?” she understood. “It's strange, usually animals do not show interest in these objects... Because they make a sound unpleasant for animals... Should I return this object back? Or transfer to another place? In any case, the main thing is that the mistress did not notice anything. Otherwise I would have problems... I will deal with the subject a little later, when the mistress leaves...” 
Romashka touched a mysterious black thing, which is still in her apron pocket. She was overcome with misgivings. She was afraid. Rather, she was constantly afraid for herself, and for her family, and for the family of her employers, who were always kind to her.
Romashka understood that Beryoza and Mira considered her a simple maid. But Boyan most likely guessed who she really was, although he did not show it.
For all domestic staff hired by high-status employees of various ministries passed a strict preliminary selection. And the questionnaires of ‘reliable’ candidates were kept in a special recruiting agency under the Ministry of Personnel.
In fact, all these candidates had some misconduct in the past or were once in a desperate situation, and the Ministry of Personnel helped them. In exchange for this, the candidates became ‘reliable’. And later, having got a job, they actually followed their high-status employers. That is, they reported on certain suspicious actions of their employers, and also observed that all listening devices in the houses remained in place.
Romashka did the same. Once, the Ministry of Personnel helped her: it allocated money for the treatment of a seriously ill older child, and sent him to a special ministerial clinic. And since then Romashka was doomed to ‘pay off’ the Ministry until the end of her days.
She knew that if the Ministry stopped needing her services, she was likely to have an accident. But the maid preferred not to think about it again. And as long as possible to be useful to the Ministry.
“Well, I think the epic sounds of the battle between the raven and the cat have been recorded, so there shouldn't be any problems,” she thought and went into the house too, leaving a bowl of fish in the garden along the way. After all, suddenly, the cat will come again?

Chapter 4. Zima's Normal School Day. Iskren Y-0-0104932-R0102-1. Avril's Normal School Day.
World of Geba, Confederation of the Kingdoms, Kingdom of Wend, Mokoshin, 954 post-Renaissance. Alliance of the Kingdoms, Kingdom of Lutetia, Rosan, 954 post-Renaissance
Zima, Mira and Vera made it to school. It was an ordinary typical school, of which there was an abundance in the city of Mokoshin. It was a brown four-story building, built in the shape of a rectangle.
At the door, as usual, were hall monitors: a boy and a girl in school uniforms. The girl was wearing such a gray dress as on Zima, Vera and Mire. And the boy is wearing a gray suit consisting of trousers and a jacket. Boys usually wore light-colored shirts or T-shirts under their jackets. The hall monitors were assigned from high school students to check that everyone had a change of shoes. After all, according to etiquette and rules of the Confederation, cannot be at home in street shoes. And the school is a kind of second home for schoolchildren.
“No, you can't go to school without changing shoes!” scolded a boy hall monitor from the ninth grade of some elementary school student.
The education system in the Confederation of the Kingdoms consisted of three levels: from the first to the fourth grade — primary school, from the fifth to the eighth grade — middle, and from the ninth to the tenth grade — senior. The tenth grade was final, in which all students filled out questionnaires for career guidance and passed final exams. All studied in the same building and high school students often saw elementary school students at school breaks.
After graduating from school, a person could enter a higher educational institution: an institute or university, where studied for five or six years. Also, a person could enter the military academy, as Zima and Vera wanted, and where everyone predicted to enter Mira. Studying there lasted four years.
Upon admission to any higher educational institution (including the military academy), it was required to pass entrance exams. The characteristic from the school also played an important role. In it, as is might guess, the teachers described the character of the students and their learning ability. Much depended on the personal attitude of teachers to a particular student. Sometimes it happened that the teacher simply could dislike one of the students and write a bad characteristic.
And with its, after school, a person could go to study only in a vocational school, where studied for two years in one of the working specialties. For example: a seamstress, a fisherman, a cook, a household staff, a salesperson or a builder, a locksmith, a driver, etc.
However, graduating from a vocational school did not at all ‘cross out’ life. Many people have successfully worked and promoted in their specialty. There was an opportunity to go to study again. There were so-called ‘evening institutes’. When entering them, the characteristics from the school did not play a role. But a certificate from work was required, otherwise cannot go to study. The students of the ‘evening institutes’ attended classes in the evening, after work. It was difficult, but such education was in great demand. Because many people went to work right after school or entered vocational schools not because of a good life, but to earn money and help their families.
... Meanwhile, the elementary school student with no change of shoes tried to object to a ninth-grader:
“But I forgot to change my shoes at home!” 
“Ten minutes more before class. If you live nearby, you will have time to go home,” the hall monitor categorically answered.
The junior pupil bowed his head and after thinking a little, ran home. Apparently, he really lived nearby.
Zima, Vera and Mira just sighed and opened their large briefcases, into which, in addition to textbooks, they also put away their changing shoes. And the girls wondered every time: why are there no lockers in schools? Many parents who were not satisfied with the fact that children should carry heavy shoes to school every day in addition to textbooks, repeatedly wrote requests to the Ministry of Education. They received letters in reply: “Dear parents! We have received your request. And we are ready to answer you. Plastic lockers do not meet approved medical standards. It is now impossible to put metal lockers in schools, because a large amount of metal is spent on military needs. We also do not recommend that children leave changing shoes at schools, due to the fact that every day, after classes, the cleaning staff clean the floors of the premises with detergents. If detergents, many of which contain chlorine, get into shoes, it can irritate the skin of children, which also does not meet sanitary standards. For the same reason, schools do not provide separate storage rooms for students' shoes. And for the same reason, lockers or racks available in schools cannot be used. For, sanitary standards are more important in this case. Best regards, Ministry of Education, Public Relations Department”.
The answer about chlorine was very surprising for both children and parents, because in all pools, including school ones (not all schools were available), the water contained chlorine. And if students can't leave shoes on the floor, why can't they leave them in some school lockers? Surely there are empty lockers and shelves in the back rooms. How does chlorine get there? Unclear...
Therefore, the answers of the Department of Public Relations of the Ministry of Education have long been the property of folk jokes. But this did not change the fact, and every day, students carried to schools huge briefcases, backpacks and bags with textbooks, notebooks, changing shoes and, if necessary, with gym suits. Schoolchildren were even sometimes called ‘infantrymen’.
... Zima, Vera and Mira walked past the hall monitors, showing their changing shoes. When Mira's eyes and the boy hall monitor crossed, both were a little embarrassed. The girl hall monitor did not pay attention to this. But Vera and Zima noticed.
The girls looked at each other meaningfully. They did not want to teasing their friend, but they were too curious to refrain from asking questions.
“Looks like that hall monitor boy's name is Goven, doesn't it?” Zima asked. “If I am not mistaken, he is in the ninth ‘B’ grade.” 
“And he's quite cute,” Vera giggled.
Indeed, the boy was a tall, dark-haired man with very attractive features.
Mira was even more embarrassed.
“Well, probably...” she answered vaguely.
Vera and Zima looked at each other again. Of course, they understood everything: Mira and Goven liked each other! But, alas, the development of their relationship is hardly possible. And not only because the girl graduated from school this year and must enter the military academy.
It's just that Mira and Goven were from different walks of life. Formally, class equality reigned in the Confederation. The children of high-status parents even went to regular schools. And ordinary people, with the ability, could achieve a high position. But in reality, of course, everything was not so rosy.
And the children of high-status parents could marry their peers. That is, with another child of status parents. Or at least with someone very gifted and promising.
In other words, the children of ministers married the children of other ministers, eminent cultural figures, high-status military personnel, etc.
Therefore, if Mira enters a military academy and becomes a sniper (as everyone expects of her), after thirty years, she will be able to marry only a man with the same high status. Otherwise, the leadership will condemn her, and she can forget about the promotion. However, the leadership of the army also did not mind if the parents of military girls or military young men introduced their children to suitable candidates not from the army.
Zima thought about it as she took off her street shoes in her classroom locker room and put them on the floor. In winter, jackets were hung there on hangers nailed to the walls. Each class had its own locker room, they were located in the corridor and looked like small rooms with no windows. After the school bell ring, announcing the beginning of the first lesson, they were locked: the watchwoman was in charge of this. She also kept order on the first floor, if necessary, she opened the locker room for late students, and opened the locker rooms after the end of lessons.
... After changing shoes, Zima, together with her friends and other students, went to the school assembly hall, located in the basement. The hall was large: after all, every morning began with a school line, which was attended by all students.
There was usually no crush at the entrance to the assembly hall: the students entered it not at the same time, but as they arrived at the school. In the assembly hall, each class had a specific place where students stood in straight rows. The children could not sit: there were no chairs on ordinary days. They were taken from the adjacent utility rooms when necessary, during concerts or events.
Behind the stage stood a huge Cryst-lens made of thick glass. During school concerts and other events, it was covered with curtains.
... When most of the students and teachers gathered in the hall, the so-called ‘zero bell’ rang. Unlike the first bell, announcing the first lesson, the zero bell indicated the beginning of the school line.
As soon as it rang, the class teacher of the students, whose class was hall monitors that day, turned on a huge Cryst-lens.
She pressed the desired button, and in the same instant, the magic formulas along the edges of the Cryst-lens lit up with a soft white light. An image immediately appeared on its surface: the screen saver for the end of the morning news on Channel 1.
News in CK was broadcast three times a day: morning, lunch and evening. The morning news was usually watched by pensioners, women on maternity leave, students on vacation, people on sick leave or working shifts. The concept of ‘housewife’ and ‘unemployed’ was not in the CK. For, all citizens worked. More precisely, they were OBLIGED to work. If a person of either gender did not work, then he or she was accused of parasitism. For this, the Confederation had a separate article of the criminal code.
Parasitism was punished to the fullest extent. The accused received a subpoena. And the court has already decided whether the accused is a parasite or did accused have a good reason not to work? Long-term poor health or caring for a sick relative were valid reasons.
The parasites were neither fined nor imprisoned in ordinary prisons — after all, they did not harm anyone. But they were sent to the so-called ‘Correctional Camps’, where they were forced to work for the ‘good of the kingdoms’ for two years. At this time, they were given a place in a hostel located not far from the place of ‘work’ and provided with food. But they were not paid money, and the convicts could not leave the hostel.
Usually parasites worked in factories. Also, women could be sent to sewing or weaving workshops, and men to construction sites.
The question arises: is the one who was taken away from the previous job, and he or she has not yet managed to find a new one, considered a parasite? If a person was fired from a previous job, he or she was obliged to register with the Labor Exchange. Therefore, the person was considered not unemployed, but ‘Registered at the Labor Exchange’. Where she or he was looking for a new vacancy. There were several of them to choose from. If a person did not like anything, and he or she refused these vacancies, the Labor Exchange itself chose for him or her job. And it no longer gave the person any choice. And on a compulsory basis, a person had to agree to that vacancy. Otherwise — the accusation of parasitism.
Therefore, it is not surprising that the majority of the population of the Confederation of the Kingdoms watched the news at lunchtime at work or at nine o'clock in the evening, after work.
After the morning news, ‘Appeal to the Young Generation’ began on all Cryst-lens channels. During which, the supreme ruler of the Confederation of the Kingdoms, the Ruler of the Light Svyatozar, addressed the students of all educational institutions. This was not news, but something like an inspiring speech for young people.
It was his appeals that pupils and students of all schools and other educational institutions in CK watched at the morning lines.
And now, on the screen of the Cryst-lens, the screensaver ‘Appeal to the Young Generation’ appeared: a white inscription in a dark outline on a golden background.
Soon, the screen saver disappeared, and everyone in the assembly hall saw the office with white walls. In which, on a white chair, sat a man with golden hair. It was the Ruler of the Light, Svyatozar, the ruler of the Confederation of the Kingdoms. To his right stood a woman in a white dress with silver hair — the Priestess of the Moon. No one has ever seen her face, it was hidden by a silver veil. She was one of a kind, and was considered the personal assistant and bodyguard of Svyatozar. Nobody knew anything about her: neither her name, nor her face. But it was believed that she, like the Ruler of the Light, possesses immortality and eternal youth. For her elbow-deep arms, not covered by a dress, looked young
And everyone knew that the Priestess of the Moon used amazing magic. She could use it without formulas, which is a miracle in itself! And when Svyatozar visited hospitals or clinics, she healed seriously ill patients.
“Dear residents of the Confederation of the Kingdoms! Greetings!” meanwhile, the Ruler of the Light spoke on the Cryst-lens screen. “A new day has come! And we, with renewed vigor, will make every effort to make our great Confederation even better! Separately, I would like to appeal to the younger generation: to children, adolescents and already adults, current students. You are all youth. You are all our future and hope. You are all the ones your parents can rely on in old age. You are all those who will give life to the next generation, to other children. You are all the support of our Confederation.
I know that right now it’s not easy for all of you: I hear regrettable reports of shortages of various goods. And even more sad news is the deaths of military personnel in the periodic battles of the armed conflict with the Alliance of the Kingdoms. The military are people who selflessly serve our great Confederation. There are both men and women in our army. And the news of the death of one of them saddens me beyond measure...
But we must confront the Alliance. For it oppresses its citizens and uses them in battle. The Council of the Alliance and its rulers want to take over our resource-rich and fertile land. And the sacrifices of the warriors who fell in battle for the sake of protecting our native lands will never be in vain. I and the Priestess of the Moon will pray for them...” 
“So, I can no longer listen, but just sleep with my eyes open and a smart look,” Zima thought.
The words of the Ruler of the Light had not inspired her for a long time. In addition, every morning, Svyatozar said approximately the same things in different words. That is, Zima, being the student of the tenth grade, had been listening to this for ten years.
Little changed in the speeches of Svyatozar: sometimes he additionally talked about conflicts with the Alliance or trade agreements with the countries of the Southern or Eastern Continent. Sometimes he talked about some kingdoms of the Northern Continent — due to their neutrality, they maintained relations with the Alliance and CK. Although, some of the countries of the Northern Continent were part of the Alliance.
And based on the speeches of Svyatozar, the situation turned out as follows: all these trade agreements could not cover the shortage — a lot went to special stores, where only persons with a high status could get by pass.
Zima sighed softly and quietly looked around. Everything is as usual: some boys and girls shed tears from the words of the Ruler of the Light. Someone had an inspired expression on their face. The teachers were not particularly inspired: they had long since lost hope for a bright future. They quietly hated their jobs, low wages and struggled to ‘not lose face’.
To the side, at the opposite wall, Zima suddenly noticed a woman and a young man in military uniform. “Oh, exactly... Today, graduation classes are filling out career guidance questionnaires,” the girl thought. “On such days, the military often comes to schools in order to look at potentially promising students who want to enter the military academy. They're probably here because of Mira. After all, everyone predicts her the fate of a brilliant sniper!”.
Zima looked closely at the woman and the boy. The woman was about thirty-five years old, with short brown hair, and a very strict appearance. She probably worked in the HR department. The young man also had brown hair, he looked a little over twenty years old. But his overly indifferent expression made it difficult to define what he was doing.
Suddenly, Zima realized that their views with the young man crossed. He flinched, and for a moment his eyes widened as if he saw a ghost.
“Why is he looking at me so strangely?” Zima was surprised. “I'm sure we've never seen each other before... Maybe he misidentified?” 
The young man, meanwhile, realizing his mistake, hastened to look away. He whispered something to a woman in military uniform next to him. She answered something quietly.
But Zima did not attach any importance to this.
***
Iskren Y-0-0104932-R0104-1 was born in the Kingdom of Wend, in a small city in the capital region, which is located near Mokoshin. He brilliantly graduated from the military academy on specialty Pilot of MeG, and although he had not yet had time to visit a real battle, and in his twenty-two years he managed to achieve some success.
The leadership of the army was amazed at Iskren's intuition and insight, as, indeed, were all his acquaintances. The young man himself did not consider this to be anything surprising.
His mother came from a family of northern shamans in the Kingdom of Wend. But even in her youth, the woman moved to the capital region and successfully married Iskren's future father. And she really did not like to remember her origin. After all, shamans were often persecuted.
The fact is that 954 years ago the so-called ‘Renaissance’ took place. In those days, neither the Alliance nor the Confederation existed. And many of the now warring kingdoms in those days collaborated with each other.
Then, 954 years ago, combined researchers from Mercia, Trabant, Lutetia, Wend and several other kingdoms were able to derive the first ordered magic formulas. Prior to that, magic had no scientific approach and clear forms of application. Some kind of mystical magic was used only by shamans, priests and self-proclaimed magicians.
But the definition of formulas of use to help manipulate energy and matter made it possible to use magic widely. But, of course, there were limitations — first, the inner reserve of a person, the level of magical energy. Secondly, it was required to study magic formulas and comprehend the essence of substances and matters. For something cannot be created out of nothing.
Therefore, although magic became an exact science, its study required enormous efforts. And most people simply didn't learn it. People rarely used magic formulas — most of them were complex and long. But some skilled magicians could use several simple magic formulas in everyday life: an illumination spell, making a fire, cooling and heating water, moving objects. For the formula to work, had to write it and concentrate.
There were also artifacts, items with correctly tuned magic formulas. Previously, they were created by skilled magicians. And they could be used by ordinary people who have not studied magic. In the modern world, artifacts, items with magic formulas, were created in special industries. And magic formulas were used, for example, in the creation of briquettes with magical energy and Cryst-lenses.
Children learned the basics of magic only in specialized schools. In simple schools of the Confederation, like the one where Zima studied, magic was not studied. In the Alliance, the situation was similar. There were few elite schools that taught magic (like the one where Avril studied).
Higher educational institutions where magic was studied, in the Alliance and Confederation, there was also no excess. It was difficult to enter there: only very talented students got to study. The situation was similar in Seltsam, in the countries of the Northern, Southern and Eastern Continents.
But in any case, the discovery of magic at one time became important for humanity. Such a significant event was called ‘Renaissance’. And since then, people began to keep track of a new era, which they called ‘post-Renaissance’.
Despite the fact that 954 years have passed since then, for a long time the priests and shamans retained their influence on the minds of people. Among them there were charlatans and gifted people who use magic without formulas.
When the Ruler of the Light united ten kingdoms into a single Confederation two hundred years ago, he began to carry out various reforms. He gave people many technical advances, medicines and religion (earlier, the inhabitants of ten kingdoms worshiped the abstract forces of nature). Also, he introduced free hospitals and schools, fought against illiteracy (not everyone knew how to write and read). Thanks to advances in medicine, in these two hundred years, the population of the ten kingdoms has increased from thirty million to two hundred million.
Reforms did not pass by magic either. The Ruler of the Light declared the only true magic only that which uses generally accepted formulas. The Priestess of the Moon was an exception, who could use magic without formulas. The priestesses of the temples of Hors and the Goddess of the Earth used magic based on formulas. The rest of the priests (who served the abstract forces of nature) and shamans were declared charlatans by the Ruler of the Light.
The descendants of the priests of the abstract forces of nature are now almost gone. They retired long ago and disappeared. But some descendants of shamans still remembered the stories of their families. Mother of Iskren, and accordingly he himself came from such a family.
Iskren decided to build a career in the army not because of lofty ideals. Like many, he wanted to have a decent salary and access to a variety of goods (after all, the military had their own special stores, where can only enter with a pass). And also he did not want to get married at a young age. The surrounding people looked at unmarried and childless women with great condemnation, but unmarried and childless men also did not inspire confidence among employers.
As a result, he was able to go to study at the Pilot of MeG, Mechanical Golem, and brilliantly graduated from the academy. Now Iskren ‘worked’ in tandem with the Core-Girl three years older than him (her previous partner died during one of the battles with the Alliance).
But although his partner had combat experience, Iskren, as a novice Pilot, was not sent on important missions. Most of the time he spent on training and missions ‘in the wings’, having never been in a battle yet.
His current assignment was to escort an employee of the personnel department, Goritsa, to one of Mokoshin's schools, in order to look at a potentially promising student who wants to enter the military academy as a sniper, Mira.
The task is boring and formal. Goritsa could go to school for a preliminary acquaintance with the student on her own. But the leadership for solidity has always sent at least two people to schools.
Iskren stood at the school line and was bored. He was not even interested in looking at the high school girls, among whom Mira should be. He wanted to sleep, he wanted to drink coffee (which was not in short supply in military stores). He wanted to get his weekend and just relax!
Suddenly, he felt someone looking at him. Having distracted from his thoughts, the young man quickly examined all the students of the school, listening with interest to the speeches of the Ruler of the Light. And suddenly his gaze crossed the gaze of a dark-haired, pale high school girl.
“Is this the same Mira? Or just some curious student, distracted from watching ‘Appeal to the Young Generation’?” he thought listlessly.
Suddenly, the image of the girl faded and... In her place, Iskren saw a large white fox with a long tail. The young man widened his eyes, as if he had seen a ghost, and involuntarily shuddered.
He blinked and the obsession passed. “What was it?” he was confused. “I haven't woken up yet or?.. Mom said that because of the shamanic blood in our family, she saw strange things several times... I also sometimes saw something that I shouldn't... But so strange? It can't be! After all, this is the White Fox! Is it really that one?” 
As it is known, in ancient times, the inhabitants of the Central Continent worshiped the abstract forces of nature and some animals: cats, wolves, foxes, ravens and falcons. Shamans, before falling out of favor in the Confederation of the Kingdoms, also honored various animals, but especially the Black Cat, Black Raven and White Fox. They called these beasts the embodiments of compassion, order and curiosity. The stories of these three animals are still remembered by the descendants of some shamanic clans. Ordinary people remember them as characters in various children's fairy tales. They were still popular as reading for preschoolers.
Iskren resolutely shook off the obsession. And trying to pull himself together, he quietly asked Goritsa:
“Mrs. Goritsa, what does Mira look like, for the sake of which we came here? Have you seen her photo?” 
“Yes, she is very pretty with reddish hair. Later, I'll show she to you. But first, we'll talk to the school's management and teachers. And only then, at break or after school, we will talk to the girl. And at the same time, let's look at other students who also want to build a career in the army.” 
Iskren nodded. Thoughts about the White Fox did not leave him.
***
World of Geba, Alliance of the Kingdoms, Kingdom of Lutetia, Rosan, 954 post-Renaissance
Avril Edelweiss was thoughtful and quiet all day at school. She completely ignored the snide remarks of her eternal rival, Ursula Rondal, the daughter of a famous singer and businessman. Namely, Ursula had two dads: in the Alliance, same-sex marriage was legalized thirty years ago. A man could marry another man, and a woman could marry another woman. Children were usually adopted by the spouses, or they could use reproductive technologies. For women, everything was quite simple: one of the partners, or both of them underwent artificial insemination in a special clinic. The procedure was expensive, but person could afford it if you wanted to.
For men, things were a little more difficult. When two men wanted a child of their own, they too could use reproductive technology. They, as donors, provided the necessary biological material. And they looked at the profiles of women who, for various reasons, went to the clinic in order to become a Hired Mothers. After that, with mediators from the clinic, all conditions were discussed with the candidate they liked. If everyone was happy with everything, then the men and the Hired Mother signed the corresponding documents. According to which, the woman underwent artificial insemination with the biological material of the customers, but she refused all legal rights to the child. And after the birth of the child, the child was passed on to the fathers. And the woman received her monetary reward.
Not everyone in society was happy with this approach. But the work of the Hired Mother in the Alliance was voluntary. And women did it for different reasons. Some of them agreed to give birth to children for gay couples, and some gave birth only to ordinary married couples of a husband and wife, in which the wife could not get pregnant.
The best doctors and researchers have tried to perfect the ethical side of Hired Motherhood. They wanted so that two Hired Mothers participate simultaneously in the conception and birth of one child: one gave her reproductive cell, and the other gave birth to a child. But the problem was how to get a viable egg cell from one woman, fertilize it in the laboratory, and then put it in another woman.
So far, science and medicine have not been able to cope with this. In addition, in the future, this would lead to a significant increase in the cost of Hired Motherhood in the Alliance. But many justified this with the more humane ethical side of the issue.
It was thanks to the Hired Mother that Ursula was born. She loved both of her dads, although she did not know which of them was her biological father. For, many gay couples have agreed with doctors and Hired Mothers that artificial insemination will be carried out with biological materials from both of them with a short time interval. And from which of the fathers the child will eventually be born, they themselves often did not intend to find out. Indeed, for such couples, children born in this way have always been planned and desired. And fathers loved their children. Like Ursula's dads loved their daughter.
She has always had beautiful outfits and the best makeup. She, like Avril, was taken to school by the driver. When she wanted a puppy, her dads, without hesitation, bought her a charmingly expensive spitz (taking care of which, in the end, fell on the shoulders of the maid, because Ursula was too lazy to walk with him)! But, like many children, whom parents love very much, the girl grew up spoiled and did not have the best character. And at school this trait manifested itself very often.
Alas, in girls' schools, even in the most elite ones, a friendly atmosphere does not always prevail among students. And Ursula sometimes liked to mess with Avril because her mother was the woman of low birth from the Kingdom of Perla. She just said: “Low social status of one of the parents — grief!” 
Since childhood, Edelweiss has learned not to pay attention to this or skillfully parry such tricks. Alas, this is true: people in the large kingdoms of the Alliance did not always treat people from small countries well. And if a rootless girl (like Avril's mother, Claire) managed to successfully marry a wealthy local man, she became the subject of active discussion... Paradox, but when same-sex marriages were allowed thirty years ago, people actively discussed such couples and their children. But then everyone lost interest in them. And as in the distant past, people again began to pay attention to the social status of a person.
Ursula, for whom mutual teasing with Avril had long become something of a daily ritual, at one point could not understand: why is she not answering? After all, they are sworn rivals (at least, so Ursula herself decided)! And the girl involuntarily became worried.
During the break between lessons, she walked over to Avril, sitting at her desk thoughtfully. And slapping her palms on the desk, she literally hung over her ‘sworn rival’, exclaiming:
“Avril Edelweiss, what's going on!” 
“Oh? Ursula? Is that you?..” the girl was distracted from her thoughts, finally noticing the classmate.
“Why are you ignoring me?” her ‘sworn rival’ did not stop.
“Oh? What? Did you tell me something?” Avril was genuinely amazed.
Ursula was worried in earnest. Even though she was a spoiled person, she realized that something was wrong with her ‘sworn rival’.
“Didn't you even hear me?” the girl almost grabbed her head.
The usual school life has cracked. Ursula didn’t understand that this was possible! Then Avril's friend Minako Aoi came up. The girls went to another middle school together, and now they are in high school.
In the Alliance, schooling lasted eleven years and was divided into three levels: elementary school, middle school and high school. From the first to the fifth grade — there was an elementary school. Sixth to eighth — middle school. From the ninth to the eleventh grade — high school. Children entered school from the age of six, and graduated from school at sixteen or seventeen. That is, they graduated from school at the same age as the students of the Confederation of the Kingdoms. Simply, children in CK began to study at the age of seven, and their schooling lasted ten years.
Avril was in her senior year, eleventh grade. And today, her class was scheduled to fill out career guidance questionnaires in the last lesson.
“Is it true Avril, something happened? It's like you're not here today, and you don't hear anyone! Even me!” Miss Aoi supported Ursula.
“Oh? Minako?” Edelweiss literally just noticed her friend.
Ursula and Minako looked at each other meaningfully. There was concern in the eyes of both...
“Everything is good?” they asked at the same time.
“Magic formulas...” Edelweiss answered in confusion.
Yes it is. The strange morning incident never got out of her mind. The meeting with the cat and the mysterious child worried her. And the magic formulas depicted on the vaults of the place that the child called the ‘Throne of the Soul’ aroused in Avril an extremely rare feeling for her — curiosity.
“What? What are the magic formulas?” Minako didn't understand.
“Are you scared by the latest news?” Ursula asked.
“Latest news?..” Avril asked in bewilderment. Suddenly she was pierced by a terrible guess: “You about the incidents with the workers who arrived from the Southern and Eastern continents?” 
She hardly watched the news, being mainly interested in beauty and fashion. But even she heard about the events with the workers who arrived in the Alliance from the Eastern and Southern Continent.
More precisely, the media just correctly called all those people ‘workers’. Of course, among them there were indeed those who came to the Alliance in search of work. Such people were willing to work for even lower wages and in even more difficult conditions than the inhabitants of the smaller kingdoms of the Alliance. For on the Southern Continent, many countries were constantly torn apart by wars and crises. And on the Eastern Continent, despite the comparative military calm, the problem of overpopulation was acute and, accordingly, finding a good job was a very difficult task. There were simply not enough jobs. Prices for products and services were not much lower than in the Alliance. But salaries are several times lower. Therefore, people from there rushed to the Alliance.
Many local residents did not like this: after all, the fact that workers from the Eastern and Southern Continent were paid even lower wages undermined the labor market. Which, as it is known, was not in the best condition in the Alliance. At the same time, many sympathized with the workers from the Eastern and Southern Continent. For, the news on the Cryst-lens often showed reports about the hard life of people there.
But even more contradictory feelings and public attitudes were caused by refugees from the Eastern and Southern Continents. They could not work in the Alliance, for most of them did not have sufficient education. They fled poverty and / or war in search of a better life.
In the Alliance itself, where the principles of humanism were glorified, there were various social programs for the adaptation of refugees. Thanks to these programs, they were settled in hostels, allocated social benefits, they learned one of the local languages, adults received a simple working profession and found work, and children went to a special school. 
It sounded good in theory. Many refugees, it is true, have struggled to adapt. But among those who arrived in the Alliance there were also such people who did not want to do anything, but only wanted to live on social benefits. They started to trade in intoxicating substances, robbed local residents and other refugees, and committed other crimes.
The large kingdoms — Trabant, Mercia and Lutetia — suffered especially. After all, they could accept many refugees. But the kings and queens of these countries did nothing, claiming that everything was fine. The Council of the Alliance said the same.
But over the past six months, the Alliance has literally been overwhelmed by a series of strange events. The police in various kingdoms, in the suburbs of different cities, began to discover the dead bodies of refugees. Someone cut out their internal organs (hearts, liver, kidneys, uterus were often cut out in women), and their bodies were covered with strange magic formulas. Moreover, some of the dead were killed recently, and someone a month ago or a year ago! The bodies of the long-dead were like mummies. The police did not have any evidence, they could not find the perpetrators of the incident. They could not find out the identities of the victims either: the fingerprints were burned out, and the faces seemed to be cut off. Precisely, cut off — neatly and evenly. Probably, those who killed the refugees used some magic formula known only to them. The front part of the jaw with teeth was also not there, so that no one could identify the person from a dental impression.
Of course, a logical question arises: how then is it known that the dead are refugees? First, due to the fact that their physiques did not match those of the missing people: residents of the Alliance or registered refugees. Secondly, no one applied to search for people with a similar physique.
In other words: all those who died a mysterious death were unregistered illegal immigrants. At times, Alliance police have attempted to send inquiries to various countries in the Eastern and Southern Continent for possible missing persons. But those countries were not able to track the entire migration flow, therefore, due to lack of information, they could not answer.
The media have put forward different theories. The most popular and reasonable assumptions were that these were the actions of some sectarians, clandestine organ dealers or refugee haters. The most incredible theory was the story of the reptilians from space. Supposedly they ate the internal organs of people, and for a long time, from time to time, flew to Geba on their golden spaceships. However, no one knew the truth...
The news about the dead refugees was so frightening that many local residents were afraid to leave their homes in the evening.
“There was talk of new bodies found on the morning news today,” meanwhile, Minako sighed.
“Three bodies belong to men killed eight months ago, one body to a woman killed a year ago, and two bodies to a boy and a teenage girl killed last month,” Ursula added. “They were all covered with strange magic formulas! Even if I do not approve of the social policy of the Council of the Alliance and the King and Queen of Lutetia to accept such a large number of refugees, it is unacceptable to do this!” 
“I totally agree,” Avril nodded. “No one has the right to do this with other people... Even if I hardly watch the news, but it's monstrous... I didn't even know that such a terrible incident happened again!” 
“If you didn't know the latest news, then what's the matter? Did something happen?” Minako worried.
“It's just... I guess I don't want to be a model,” Avril admitted.
“Have you decided to become an actress or a singer?” Ursula asked.
The girl herself was going to become a musician. First, she was good at music. Secondly, fathers would help her in her endeavors. Thirdly, so she would continue to compete with her eternal rival Avril. After all, show business girls (and Ursula was confident that Edelweiss would eventually enter this industry) are always compared in the media. Here comes the competition!
However, Avril replied:
“No, I suddenly realized that I want to do work related to magic. For example, become a magical researcher. And, probably, the military is better — then I will have access to the most advanced research.” 
Minako and Ursula froze for a moment, trying to comprehend what they heard. When they realized, then in one voice they exclaimed:
“What? Do you want to become a magical researcher?” 
All the classmates present at this moment in the class looked at them with surprise.
“You said yourself that magic is incredibly boring!” Ursula exclaimed in amazement.
“And you said that everything is so clear there that you want to sleep from it!” Minako's eyes widened.
“I changed my mind,” Avril replied simply. “I realized that magic formulas can be much more interesting than I previously thought. And I decided to connect my life with magic.” 
Her friend and sworn rival looked at each other in bewilderment. They did not expect such a turn of events!
“How long ago did you decide to become a magical researcher?” Aoi asked her.
“Yes, how long ago?” Ursula also asked her.
“From this morning,” the girl replied.
Her interlocutors wanted to say something else, but they could not find that. They just looked at each other in bewilderment, not understanding: is Avril joking or not? They didn't know yet how firm her intentions were...
***
Meanwhile, in the Confederation, it was a regular school day. After the morning school line, the students went to their lessons. But at the same time, it was on this day that graduating school students at one of the lessons filled out career guidance questionnaires. Zima, as planned earlier, wrote that she wants to become a radio operator in order to ‘serve the Confederation of the Kingdoms with faith and truth, and fulfill her civic duty to the country’. After all, she could not write that she simply did not want to marry someone right after school (besides, she loved Vera) and continue to suffer from a shortage of goods in stores. And that the salary of even an ordinary radio operator in the army is much more solid than that of most ordinary people.
Vera wrote in her questionnaire that she wants to become a nurse in order to also ‘fulfill her civic duty to her native Confederation of the Kingdoms and provide all possible medical assistance to the soldiers defending the borders of the CK’. Although her true motives were the same as Zima.
Mira wrote in her questionnaire that she wants to become a sniper and, like her friends, ‘fulfill her civic duty to the Confederation of the Kingdoms and defend her native country’. She could not write her true desires — after all, everyone expected not this from her...
The girls' class teacher looked at their questionnaires and smiled approvingly. She was an ordinary teacher, disillusioned with life and hating her job. Therefore, she fully approved the choice of girls who are not afraid to link their future life with the army. In addition, she, as a class teacher, was entitled to a bonus if her graduates intended to enter the military academy. With each student, the bonus, albeit slightly, but increased. This year there was a good ‘catch’ — Zima, Vera, Mira and one boy who intended to become an ordinary soldier. In other classes (their school had three parallel tenths of grade) there was only one student. Still, despite the mass plus that the status of military personnel gave, not everyone intended to connect their lives with this sphere.
After lessons, the school headmistress called Mira into her office so that Iskren and Goritsa talk to her as to the most promising student. Iskren and Goritsa asked the girl some questions about why she wants to become a sniper. The girl answered exactly what was expected of her. Both the military and the headmistress of the school were satisfied. After all, the headmistress was entitled to a bonus from the municipality if her school had such promising students as Mira. And Iskren and Goritsa were entitled to a small additional payment for this work.
After the conversation with Mira, when she left the headmistress's office, Iskren could not resist asking:
“Dear Headmistress, I heard that there are a few more students in your school who want to connect their lives with the professional army, right?” 
“Yes,” she nodded. “Would you like to see their personal files and career guidance questionnaires?” 
“Mrs. Goritsa, do you mind?” the young man asked the employee of the personnel department.
“Why not?” she shrugged. “I'm interested too.” 
The headmistress immediately began to look for the personal files of the students and the questionnaires they filled out (the teachers brought them to the headmistress). And she, after lessons, at the Pedagogical Council, together with the rest of the teachers looked them over. And based on the content of the questionnaires, the entire pedagogical staff of the school filled out statistical documents and completed the personal files of students.
... Soon Goritsa and Iskren looked through five more questionnaires and the same number of personal files — three each from the same class as Mira. And two from two parallel graduation classes.
Of course, the young man saw Zima's personal file and immediately recognized the girl who ‘turned into’ the White Fox on the morning school line (photographs of the students were pasted into all personal files).
“Hmm, Zima X-0-2212938-R0101...” he thought. “I will remember her. Still, her ‘transformation’ seemed strange to me. For some reason, I have a feeling that we will meet again in the future.” Iskren did not yet know how right he would be...
“Thank you, Dear Headmistress,” he said, returning the questionnaires and personal files with Goritsa. “I think you have a lot of gifted students in your school.” 
The headmistress smiled happily. After all, a lot of gifted students is a plus for a school in the City Schools Ranking. And this means new pleasant bonuses from the municipality and for the school itself, and for its leadership, and even for some teachers. So why shouldn't she be happy?

Chapter 5. Last Day of Vesna
World of Geba, Confederation of the Kingdoms, Kingdom of Wend, Mokoshin, 954 post-Renaissance
Vesna X-0-2003927-R0101, the elder sister of Zima and the mother of four children, was tormented by a foreboding. Perhaps the reason lay in the accumulated fatigue and stress. Indeed, lately, she had many reasons for concern.
First, work. Vesna was a journalist. Now, in addition to her main job at the Mokoshin News newspaper, she tried to independently investigate one case. For a while she accidentally learned something terrifying. And, as a true journalist, she wanted to investigate and publish these materials to the public at all costs.
Secondly, Vesna recently experienced a miscarriage. She already had four children: the eldest son and triplets: two more boys and a girl. All of them have already gone to school. Of course, Vesna and her husband Vuc, as parents with many children, were entitled to certain benefits. But they were more of a formality. For in fact, they turned out to be very funny. And raising four children is difficult financially, physically and psychologically.
Therefore, when Vesna discovered that she was pregnant again, she realized that there was simply not enough money or energy to raise her fifth child. For, combining a career as a journalist, housework and raising four children is already difficult. And although Vuc helped his wife with the housework and with the children, he did not have much time: he worked as a photographer for the same newspaper as Vesna. All grandparents also worked.
Therefore, Vesna made the only correct decision in her opinion: to induce an artificial miscarriage. For abortion was prohibited in the Confederation of the Kingdoms. They were carried out only if a crime was committed against a woman, and there was a corresponding conclusion from law enforcement agencies. Or, an abortion was carried out only for medical reasons, if the doctor established that it was contraindicated for a woman to give birth under threat of life or irreparable harm to health.
Therefore, women got rid of unwanted pregnancies in two ways: they caused an artificial miscarriage with the help of herbal infusions, or gave birth and then carried the babies to orphanages. But the latter method had several unpleasant consequences: not all women could hide the pregnancy from others. And a pregnant woman who was seen without a child after childbirth caused strong public condemnation. She could even start having problems at work. Not everyone dared to lie about the fact that the child was born dead or crippled, therefore baby had to be left in the hospital.
There was another way to terminate a pregnancy: to bribe a doctor to carry out an abortion, allegedly for medical reasons. But this is also risky, and not all women dared to do this. There were almost no clandestine abortion clinics in CK — doctors were punished too severely for this (they could even be executed). It's easier to take a bribe and have an abortion in an official clinic, allegedly for medical reasons. The main thing is to write in the medical record a suitable pathology of fetal development or ‘illness’ of a pregnant woman. If this becomes known to law enforcement agencies, if necessary, the doctor could ‘play the role of a fool’, who incorrectly diagnosed. And get off with punishment for medical error and negligence. But this is also very risky. For both a doctor and a woman. After all, if they find out that she gave a bribe for an abortion, she will be sent to correctional labor.
Therefore, Vesna, despite mental anguish, decided to induce an artificial miscarriage on her own. She bought special herbs from an elderly woman whom she met during an investigative journalism. The woman's activities in the sale of such herbs were not legal, but Vesna wisely did not report her.
That woman sold the necessary herbs to the journalist without any questions and explained how to brew and drink them. Vesna did everything according to the instructions, soon she began to bleed heavily, and the fetus came out. She felt very bad: her stomach ached, she was nauseous. Vesna could not share her sadness with anyone: after all, she did not tell anyone about her pregnancy and, accordingly, about the miscarriage too. Therefore, she had to cope with it alone.
Thirdly, the journalist was tired of her husband and children. She loved them, loved them very much. But sometimes she wanted to rest a little, to devote time to herself. However, her schedule was too busy: working in the newspaper, doing housework, taking time for the children, checking their homework, taking time for her husband. On weekends, go to the store with Vuc, buy groceries and essentials. That in conditions of shortage it is not an easy matter: in order to find the right things and products, one had to visit many different stores. And they were all located at different distances from each other.
The newspaper in which Vesna works, Mokoshin News, did not provide ordinary employees with a pass to special stores (as well as other newspapers and magazines). It was available only to the top management and was provided to them by the Trade Union Journalist, the same for the entire CK.
The accumulated fatigue and constant stress greatly affected the appearance of Vesna. She looked sickly pale and had bags under her eyes. She had to hide the flaws in her appearance under an abundance of cosmetics (which is even more difficult to buy in short supply). For, in the Confederation of the Kingdoms, there were a lot of stereotypes regarding appearance. For example, that a woman should always look good and have a healthy glow on her cheeks. And men, for example, cannot wear long hair and jewelry.
... That day for Vesna began as usual. After sending the children to school and saying goodbye to them, she and her husband went to work, to which they were on the subway. The way to the metro, from the house where Vesna's family lived, took twenty minutes on foot — there were no buses on that street.
As is know, Vesna and Vuc worked for the same newspaper, Mokoshin News. Therefore, it is not surprising that they went to work together. And already on the spot, they left for different departments.
In the newspaper, everything went on as usual. Vesna has completed some business left over from yesterday. And she went to the manager of the department in order to clarify the details of today's work.
The manager of the department, a middle-aged married man and a respectable father of two children, at first glance seemed very sweet and good-natured. But there were bad rumors about him. Allegedly, he invites young and beautiful journalists to make love to him. In exchange, the girls receive additional bonuses and easier tasks.
True or not, Vesna did not know: manager of the department had not offered her anything of the kind. For he preferred blondes, while Vesna had dark brown hair. Although she could not help but admit: many young beautiful blondes from her department, indeed, often received additional bonuses.
On this day, the manager of Vesna, unexpectedly instructed her to go to the Mokoshin Theater and interview one of the actors. In theory, another journalist was supposed to do this, but the poor man called at work in the morning and said that he had diarrhea. An unpleasant circumstance from which no one is immune.
Therefore, the manager of the department only wished the employee to get well and reminded him not to forget to bring the so-called ‘Sick List’. They were prescribed by doctors for work, for school and other educational institutions in order to confirm the disease and exclude the fact of lies.
‘Sick List’ had an unconditional plus — if it was discharged to a working person, then he or she fully retained their monthly salary, despite the time missed due to illness.
As for the manager of the Vesna, he has long been accustomed to such circumstances. In order not to postpone the interview and not to postpone the rest of the work until a later date, he ‘scattered’ the duties of the sick person among other employees. Additional work performed in place of a sick colleague was not compensated in any way. However, no one refused: after all, everyone knew that if they got sick, others would do their work in the same way.
Vesna, mentally complaining about unexpected ‘happiness’ in the form of an additional interview, was forced to answer:
“Of course I will.” 
“Okay, I knew you could be relied on! I entrusted the rest of the duties of the sick employee to other employees,” the manager replied.
“But there is a problem... After all, today, in the morning, I have to interview the director of a store in another district of Mokoshin... And I also need to edit several articles. If I take the subway, I'm afraid I will be late for an interview with an actor from the Theater,” Vesna looked pointedly at the director.
“Yes, yes... Of course, in view of the circumstances, you can call a taxi at the expense of our newspaper,” he reluctantly agreed. “Then there will be no problems!” 
Taxis in Mokoshin, as in the entire Confederation of the Kingdoms, were expensive. Because cars and fuel were expensive, most of the residents of CK could not afford them and used them for public transport. On the other hand, thanks to this, the roads were free. And to move by taxi came out much faster than on subway.
Despite the high cost of taxi services, the interview with the actor was important for the newspaper — such things raised readers' ratings. High ratings mean good sales and additional funds from the municipality. Therefore, Mokoshin News, as a respectable and famous publication, sometimes made small concessions to its employees. The main condition was to coordinate such moments with the management. If this is not done, for example, a taxi ride, then its payment will be deducted from the monthly salary. However, if person wanted to travel at own expense, did not need to agree on anything.
“Both destinations?” meanwhile Vesna smiled sweetly.
“Yes, just remember to bring the checks to account for the accounting department,” the manager replied. “And you will edit the articles in the evening, after all the interviews. But, if an interview with the actor takes a long time, because, as you know, this sometimes happens, then you will edit tomorrow... You don't have a job outside the office tomorrow, do you?” 
Vesna nodded in the affirmative.
“Now I will write a preliminary form for the administration,” said the manager. “So, you will take a taxi for an interview with the store director, then immediately from there to the Mokoshin Theater... In total, two taxi. Take the subway back to the newspaper, okay?” 
Vesna again nodded in the affirmative. She was pleased. Having settled some more affairs at the workplace, the woman went to the administration desk on the first floor in order to call. The rest of the telephones in the building were internal. That is, cannot call another city number with their help. A similar system was often practiced in various organizations in the Confederation. It was believed that if there were many city phones in the workplace, employees would be distracted. In addition, there was a monthly fee for each landline telephone in the building. And as everyone knows, neither in the CK, nor in the Alliance, nor in other countries, organizations do not like additional costs.
... On the first floor, at the administration desk, the journalist called a taxi for herself. The administrator girl noted in her notes that Vesna X-0-2003927-R0101 left the Mokoshin News building. After all, the newspaper, like a reputable publishing house, occupied an entire building. Although, very often, several different organizations shared the same building.
The taxi arrived very soon. It was an old yellow car with a checkerboard badge on the roof. The driver, a middle-aged man, asked Vesna where to go. She said the destination. And the taxi driver took the journalist there without any questions.
On the way, Vesna came up with one thought: “Hmm, I'm on my way to the Mokoshin Theater! It's almost the city center! The supply of stores there is better than on our outskirts... Shouldn't I go there for groceries? Of course, I can shop at the store I’m going to now, because it’s big and its supplies are considered to be very good... But then I’ll have to carry heavy bags to the Theater. Therefore, it is better to go to the store later. Anyway, I have to go back to the newspaper by subway. Before that, I'll go home and take my purchases! If I quickly manage the interview, I will have time for everything!” 
The woman decided to check her certificate as a mother with many children. For, in all stores, no more than a certain amount of goods were sold to one person. For example, one customer could buy no more than a kilogram of rice and only one can of coffee one hundred grams. In such cases, Vesna was very much helped by the certificate of a mother with many children. For it indicated that she had four children. And she, as the mother of underage children, could buy goods for five people. But her husband, the sixth man, paradoxically, was not on the certificate.
Vesna carefully checked the handbag, but she could not find the certificate.
“Oh no! I changed my handbag last night! And I forgot to put the certificate!” she understood. “This is such a good opportunity! Eh... what to do then?” 
“Excuse me, mister driver... Can we go to one more place? It's just along the way,” Vesna said. “I forgot my certificate of a mother with many children at home.” 
“For an extra charge, no problem,” the taxi driver answered listlessly. Suddenly he realized the meaning of what was said. “Wait? Certificate of a mother with many children?” 
“Yes,” Vesna confirmed, guessing what the man would ask for.
“Now we are going to a large store... If you lend me your certificate for a while, I will bring you for it for free! And of course, I will not forget to return it to you! For in the taxi service, only the management has access to special shops...” 
“Agreed,” Vesna nodded.
Of course, usually women went with the certificates of mothers with many children. And the photos of the owners were pasted inside.
But the driver could tell without any problems that Vesna was his neighbor or niece, who asked him to go to the store. Of course, sellers often guessed the true motives of such buyers. However, they still did not refuse to buy them. After all, if the formalities are respected, then why create unnecessary complications?
Meanwhile, Vesna told the taxi driver the address of her house, and soon they arrived at their destination. The woman quickly rushed home. At that time, there was no one in the apartment: Vuc was at work, and all four children were at school.
The journalist started looking for the certificate: as expected, it ended up in the inside pocket of another handbag.
Taking the treasured thing, Vesna again went down to the taxi. And the driver took her to the store, where she was to interview. Having safely reached her destination, the woman, as promised, lent the taxi driver her certificate.
“How can I get it back?” he suddenly understood. “You will be interviewing, won't you? I just took you away from the newspaper building, so I decided that you are a journalist... And this time is required...” 
“Yes, I'll be interviewing,” Vesna nodded. “So let's just pick a safe place where you put the certificate later. I'll take its. For example, a hollow tree or something like that.” 
“Yeah,” the man nodded.
And he involuntarily thought: “Looks like she already borrowed her certificate before.” 
Indeed, for so many years of work as the journalist, Vesna has already found herself in a similar situation several times. And she also made arrangements with other drivers to take her home additionally.
As a result, after quickly looking around, Vesna and the taxi driver decided that he would put the certificate in a small gap in the brick wall of the same store. If do not know that there is something lying there, nothing is noticeable from the side.
“But what if someone from the passers-by sees you pulling out something?” the driver asked.
“My answer is that some child misbehaved, grabbed its and shoved its there,” Vesna replied calmly.
On that they decided. The journalist went to interview the store director, and the driver went to make purchases for future use. He collected goods for five people, presenting a Vesna certificate at the cash register.
“This is my niece's certificate... She asked to make purchases. She has no time,” he explained to the saleswoman.
She, who sometimes encounters such scenes, had no problem were rung up the goods at the cash register (all the saleswomen, behind their counters, had cash registers, there were no separate cashiers). Several times, during her many years of work in the store, she also met with fake certificates of parents of large families. It was easy to identify a fake: the true certificate had an iridescent stamp, which cannot be imitated exactly. Some skillful people have managed to make similar ink and draw a stamp. But the fake did not shine as brightly as the original.
Sellers also knew how to identify people who used someone else's certificate. Using someone else's certificate once or twice is one thing. But repeating this many times is a completely different case.
After all, sellers usually worked for many years in one place, and most buyers knew by sight. And if they began to suspect something, they asked: where is the real owner of the certificate? Why can't she come? What happened to her?
In such cases, usually only words were enough that the seller would report to the city guards about the use of fake documents. People with real certificates who, for whatever reason, made purchases for a real relative, were not afraid of this. But the deceivers preferred not to tempt fate anymore...
... Vesna interviewed the director, or rather the directress, of the store. She was a middle-aged woman with bright red lipstick and blond hair with regrown dark hair roots. It was difficult to buy good hair dye in the Confederation of the Kingdoms, therefore, many women lightened their hair with hydrogen peroxide. Hippie girls sometimes made themselves colored locks with the help of zelyonka[6] and carbol fuchsin[7]. Public attention with such hairstyles was guaranteed to them — after all, this was strongly condemned.
The directress of the store had small, sly eyes with abundant makeup in the latest fashion: black mascara and blue eyeshadow. She spoke fluently and softly. Vesna, as a professional journalist understood: the woman in front of her worked for a long time as a simple seller. Perhaps she was engaged in speculation. Alas, in the face of shortage, speculation flourished. To do this, sellers themselves bought rare goods in warehouses, and then resold them to friends or regular customers of the store. Expensive. And often much more expensive.
The directress of the store said that she achieved everything herself at work. And that she was only ‘slightly’ helped by a former boss, who later got a more profitable position elsewhere. And she was appointed a new director instead of himself, for her labor services.
Vesna mentally assumed that they were most likely lovers.
This often happened: directors and directresses of stores, when moving to more lucrative positions, appointed their favorites instead of themselves to their former positions.
... The interview was successful. Vesna asked all the necessary questions to the directress of the store, and they finished everything quickly enough. Then the woman politely asked permission to use the phone and called a taxi for herself to get to the Theater.
Until the car arrived, Vesna went to get her certificate. As she had agreed with the driver, it was located in a gap in a brick wall. Soon a car arrived and the journalist headed for the next interview.
She successfully made it to the Theater and quickly dealt with everything. Leaving the Theater, Vesna went into several local shops. Indeed, the food supply in the city center was better than in the outskirts. After all, the center of the capital is to some extent a ‘visiting card’ of the country.
In addition, in the center of Mokoshin there were many educational institutions, where foreign students came to study from different countries of the Eastern and Southern Continent, and even from the kingdoms of the Northern Continent that support neutrality. It was considered prestigious for them to get an education abroad, in the Central Continent. But in the Alliance, education was expensive. In the Confederation, education was free only for the citizens of the country, but for foreign students, although it cost money, it still came out much cheaper than in the Alliance.
“It’s a pity that I don’t have time to shop often in the center,” thought Vesna, heading with heavy bags towards the metro. The bags made of biolastic rustled softly as the woman walked.
Biolastic was the pride of the Confederation of the Kingdoms. It was like a common petroleum-based plastic. But it was made from the resins of volcanic lava, and then easily recycling.
In the vast territories of the Confederation, in the north of the Kingdom of Wend, there was an entire volcanic plateau. Volcanoes of various shapes and sizes were interspersed with mountains and erupted frequently. Therefore, no one lived in that area, except for groups of scientists watching the volcanoes and lava miners, or as people often called them ‘lavoviks’.
They lived in compact bases built on the heights of the safe mountains. And with the help of special tools and transports, hardened lava was mined from centuries-old strata. New volcanic eruptions were predicted by scientists, their predictions were accurate. Therefore, if follow the instructions and leave for the bases on time, the work did not pose a threat to life and health.
The lavoviks worked on a rotational basis — a month after a month. And scientists observing volcanoes — six months after six months.
Lavoviks sent the mined lava to factories in different parts of the CK. There, workers made biolastic from lava resins. From which bags, children's toys, household items, cases for some household appliances were made. A lot of biolastic was exported to Seltsam, as well as to the Southern, Eastern and Northern Continents.
It was rumored that some countries in the Southern and Eastern Continents were selling surplus biolastic to the Alliance. For, it did not have its own raw materials for biolastic (however, as well as the countries of the Northern, Southern and Eastern Continent). Therefore, the Alliance could only create plastic from petroleum products. They were producing shale oil or offshore — the upper scarce layers have long been depleted.
Many Alliance residents condemned the use of plastic, calling it unsustainable. But no less criticized the purchase of biolastic from the Southern and Eastern Continent. After all, everyone understood that these were resold raw materials from the hated Confederation.
However, Vesna didn't care now. She slowly descended into the Mokoshin metro. As usual, the metro met the woman with coolness. The soft electric lighting was bright enough. The walls were decorated with paintings — it was not for nothing that the Mokoshin metro was considered the most beautiful in CK. The design of each station was carefully thought out by the Architectural Bureau. On the walls were depicted historical and mythological stories dedicated to the god Hors and the Goddess of the Earth. There were also many everyday scenes of the theme of ancient times, even before the Ruler of the Light united the ten kingdoms. Each kingdom has had its own long and rich history. Accordingly, in the Mokoshin metro, the murals depicted the history of the tribes and the ancient Kingdom of Wend.
When Vesna went down the stairs, the train just approached in the direction she needed. The trains ran on energy briquettes supplied from the temples of the Goddess of the Earth and the god Hors.
Thinking about how the lives of the citizens of the Confederation of the Kingdoms are heavily dependent on the priestesses, the journalist sighed. After all, her investigation, which she secretly led, concerned just the girls from these temples.
It all started in November last year...
***
Six months ago, Vesna's business trip to the city of Aloe Kapishche[8]
It happened six months ago, in November 953 of the post-Renaissance. The newspaper Vesna worked for, Mokoshin News, sent the woman on a business trip. Namely: to interview the High Priestess of the temple of the god Hors from the city of Aloe Kapishche, which was located in the Mokoshin region.
In ancient times, even before the formation of the Confederation of the Kingdoms, kapishches were called temples and places of worship for the forces of nature. The Scarlet Temple was a major place of worship, where the heavenly fire was revered. Many pilgrims have always arrived there. And over time, a city of the same name was formed around the Scarlet Temple.
The city remained after the formation of the Confederation, when the worship of the forces of nature was gradually forgotten, and the kapishches were abandoned. But the new authorities did not begin to rename the city, and the very ancient Aloe Kapishche itself became a historical museum.
A huge temple of the god Hors was built next to it (in Mokoshin the temples were smaller). In it, like the rest of the temples of Hors and the Goddess of the Earth, golden-eyed and golden-haired priestesses lived and offered prayers.
As is known, in CK there are one hundred thousand priestesses of the Goddess of the Earth and the god Hors. Two hundred years ago the gods blessed them. They endowed the girls with a beautiful, similar appearance and gave them endless vitality. Therefore, no matter how much the priestesses offered up prayers, and no matter how much of their energy they created energy briquettes, it did not harm their health.
And each time, reaching the age of twenty-five, the priestesses rejuvenated, turning into ten-year-old girls. This went on for two centuries.
No one doubted the authenticity of the priestesses. Because it is impossible to find so many girls with golden hair and golden eyes so similar to each other.
Vesna also did not question the power of the priestesses. At least until that fateful day, when she was sent to the Aloe Kapishche to interview the High Priestess of the local temple of the sun god. Each temple had its own High Priestess — she was almost no different from her sisters. She had the same golden eyes and golden hair and offered prayers as well. Only on the foreheads of the High Priestesses were symbols — the scarlet sign of Hors or the green sign of the Goddess of the Earth, depending on the temple where they served.
The High Priestesses carried out all contacts with the public and the press, were engaged in planning the budget of their temples. After all, the temples of the god Hors and the Goddess of the Earth were at full self-sufficiency. They not only provided the entire Confederation of the Kingdoms with energy briquettes, but they also did many things to sell. The priestesses baked bread, weaved fabrics and sewed clothes from them. For, the temples often belonged to the fields (adjacent to the suburban temples), which the priestesses themselves sowed and cultivated with the help of higher magic. For the priestesses could use truly skillful magic — they perfectly knew complex magic formulas and easily used them, unlike most ordinary people. Some of the goods they produced remained for their own use, and some went to the chain of ordinary stores. At the temples themselves, themed goods were sold, such as books with stories about the Ruler of the Light Svyatozar and the appearance of golden-eyed priestesses.
... Vesna went to the Aloe Kapishche that day, not suspecting anything. To the Aloe Kapishche was fifty kilometers from Mokoshin — about an hour and a half by train with all the stops. The High Priestess could only receive her in the evening. Until then, the woman had free time.
Since the interview was scheduled for a late time, the newspaper booked a hotel for its journalist for one night so that she could safely return to the capital the next day.
Vesna walked around the city. Time passed towards evening. The woman had never interviewed the priestesses before. Therefore, she was nervous and worried: after all, she was about to meet with the High Priestess of the Hors temple from the Aloe Kapishche! Now the priestesses of the Confederation are fifteen years old. They rejuvenated again five years ago. And this is amazing! They are truly blessed by the gods!
Fearing to be late for the meeting, the journalist went to the temple early. The priestess-guards (the temples were guarded by his novices with magical stun guns) looked at her journalist ID. After that, one of the gatekeepers went inside the territory, and called one of the novices, who was carrying a basket of apples somewhere, and asked her to accompany Vesna.
The woman, along with the priestess, walked into the territory of the temple. Inside there was a large fenced area, where various buildings of the temple complex, built of light stone, were located. There was a dwelling of priestesses, various outbuildings. Person could get into them only by going inside the territory. In contrast to the main building of the temple, open to the flock, the entrance to which ran through the fence of the temple territory. That is, it looked, in fact, like a second gate. The priestess-guards did not stand next to its, so as not to confuse the believers. Only inside the temple itself, there was a priestess conducting the ceremonies and two or three golden-eyed girls in charge of the adjoining shop.
There, in the temple, behind the Hors altar, there was a second entrance to the temple territory, intended only for priestesses. The guard priestesses also stood beside its. For, without permission, no one except the golden-eyed maidens can enter the territory of the temple. Only by prior arrangement with the High Priestess. This required sending her an official telegram, as, for example, did the newspaper Mokoshin News, so that Vesna could interview. Each High Priestess had her own telegraph in her office. The usual letters were handed over by the postperson to the priestesses-guards standing at the gates leading to the inner territory.
At first glance, the temples seemed insufficiently protected: the priestesses-guards did not make a threatening impression. But all the priestesses were excellent in martial arts and magical stun guns, which they proved many times. Alas, from time to time, especially in the last century, various fanatics or insane people appeared, trying to illegally enter the temples. But all of them were detained and handed over to the city guards.
In addition, although it was imperceptible, the entire temple territory and buildings inside it were covered with active magical formulas, which raised the alarm if necessary. They produced a special sound frequency that only the priestesses could hear, helping them to accurately determine where intruders were.
... Vesna followed the priestess carrying the basket. The journalist looked around with interest: before that, she had never been inside the temple territories. And so she did not suspect anything when the priestess led her aside. And she did not attach importance to the fact that her guide did not say anything, and there were no other priestesses around.
When Vesna finally realized that they were clearly going in the wrong direction, she timidly asked:
“Lady Priestess, are we going right? The guardian priestess has informed you that I need to go to the High Priestess for an interview...” 
Her guide turned around. She looked at the woman with sad eyes and said only one phrase:
“Help them...” 
After that, something unexpected happened. Namely: the priestess was enveloped in dark silver light. And in the next instant Vesna realized that in front of her, in the place of the golden-eyed girl, was a black cat with a pink nose.
He meowed and called the journalist to follow him, into the interior of the temple. Vesna did not understand what was happening. She felt great amazement and could not believe her eyes. However, she herself did not understand why, she obeyed the cat and followed him...
***
The metro announced the station Vesna needed. The woman got distracted from her thoughts and got off the train.
Yes, that day. Until then, it involuntarily stood before her eyes. The black cat, in which the priestess turned, took her to the old well. Vesna descended into it, never ceasing to wonder why there was no one around. Once in the well, she was amazed to see the cat jump up and press on certain stones in the inner masonry. A secret passage opened. And the animal, meowing, led Vesna. He brought her to a place that seemed to be imprinted in the memory of the woman and did not want to leave her... Because what she saw completely destroyed all traditional ideas about priestesses and threatened the usual way of life of the entire Confederation of the Kingdoms...
At the memory of this place, Vesna involuntarily winced. She still doubted: did she dream it or not? Because, soon, the black cat took her out of that strange place. And again turning into a golden-eyed girl, he silently led her to the High Priestess.
Trying to suppress the excitement and anxiety (and she did it masterfully!) Vesna interviewed. Neither the High Priestess nor the other novices of the temple, oddly enough, suspected anything and did not find out about her violation.
Vesna was unable to sleep that night. Returning back to Mokoshin, she thought for a long time about what had happened. What she saw did not give her rest. And then she decided to conduct a secret investigation. For, even in the law-abiding CK, there were underground information dealers and guides to various places.
She collected various rumors and gossip, and was able to find some ancient research records. There was no direct evidence. Vesna understood that she was getting involved in a very dangerous business. However, as a journalist, she couldn't just back down...
... The woman reflected on her investigation and walked home carrying shopping bags. She had enough time to return later to the newspaper.
She had already turned into her street when a black cat with a pink nose appeared in front of her, as if out of thin air. She easily recognized him: it was he who took her to a secret dungeon on the territory of the Hors temple in the Aloe Kapishche.
“It is you again?” the journalist involuntarily shuddered.
“Meow!” the cat meowed.
“Do you want to tell me something again?” Vesna felt everything grow cold inside her.
“Meow!” 
The cat ran back a bit, as if trying to tell the journalist to follow him. But suddenly, out of nowhere, a black raven appeared.
“Caw! Caw!” he screamed, attacking the animal decisively.
The cat hissed angrily. A short but fierce battle ensued between him and the raven. It seemed that the forces were equal. But in the end, the raven managed to bite with its sharp claws on its paws into the enemy's face. The unfortunate cat let out a heartbreaking cry:
“Meow!” 
Vesna, who had previously been perplexedly watching the battle of animals, seemed to wake up.
“Shoo! Shoo! Enough!” the woman waved the bag, trying to drive the bird away.
The raven croaked angrily, but flew away. The cat tried to run back to a safe distance, but the aggressive bird rushed at him again. As a result, the cat was forced to run away from the angry croaking enemy.
Vesna looked at this picture in confusion. The few passers-by on the street (at that time most people were either at work or at educational institutions) sympathized with the cat.
“These ravens are completely insolent!” said a woman.
“Yes, there are too many of them in the country houses too! They always damage crops and steal shiny things!” supported by some elderly man.
Vesna stood stunned for a few more seconds. “Probably, it was the simplest cat, of which there are many in cities...” in the end she decided. “After all, if he were the one I met six months ago, it is unlikely that a common raven would have overcome him!” 
And the woman continued on her way. She had already approached her entrance when she suddenly felt pain and a sharp prick in her neck. Vesna shuddered and involuntarily grabbed at the sore spot.
“What is it? Mosquito? Or neuralgia?” she did not understand.
Foreboding crept into her soul. The woman did not understand what had happened. It seems okay, but everything inside went cold, as if something irreparable had happened.
Trying to drive away bad thoughts from herself, Vesna went into the entrance and went up to her apartment. Vuc was at work, and the kids hadn't come home from school yet. Although they were in primary school, they went to extra classes and had lunch at school (free meals were provided for children from large families). Therefore, they returned home only about five in the afternoon.
Vesna put her purchases on a wooden homemade shoe cabinet and suddenly felt weak.
“I guess it's okay if I lie down for five minutes?” she thought, taking off her shoes and walking deeper into the apartment. If she paid attention, she would have noticed that some things are in other places. As if someone was looking for something, but tried to hide tracks as much as possible.
The woman, forgetting to close the door of the apartment, went into her room and lay down on the bed. Consciousness seemed to slip away, the weakness intensified, she wanted to sleep. The neck hurt, and a thick red dot appeared at the injection site. Unable to fight her weakness, Vesna fell into a deep sleep. Her breathing became less and less deep.
After five minutes, Vesna stopped breathing.
***
In the meantime, on the roof of the house opposite, the housing and communal services worker, or rather, a man dressed in the uniform of a housing and communal services worker, put powerful binoculars into his pocket.
He nodded in satisfaction and headed for the exit from the roof. A small pistol, firing small ice needles with poison completely dissolving in the body, was in another pocket.
The man was satisfied with the work done: the journalist Vesna X-1-2003928-R0101 was eliminated.
“However, this is strange...” the man involuntarily thought, going down from the roof. “My job was to search Vesna's apartment and eliminate her herself. I searched everything thoroughly, but I did not find anything suspicious... She did not keep records of her investigation? Or hid them elsewhere? Nobody reported to me that she would give something to someone. Although she was very closely watched... Okay, it doesn't matter to me! After all, I don't even know what kind of investigation she was conducting! I was not informed about this! It is also for the best that I did not learn anything. Otherwise, I myself may be removed later... So, I did my job. Now doctors ascertain Vesna's heart attack. And now I need to write a report.” 
***
Zima's school ended at half past four of the day. Unexpectedly for her, the military, who had come to look at potentially promising future cadets of the military academy, talked to her, as well as to Mira. Mrs. Goritsa seemed like a sweetest woman. And Mr. Iskren, who at the morning school line looked at her as if she were a ghost, gave the impression of a somewhat absent-minded person. But they both appreciated that the girl wants to ‘serve the Confederation of the Kingdoms with faith and truth and fulfill her civic duty to the country’.
Mira went to the tutor after classes, and Vera had to go to the store. Therefore, Zima decided to visit her older sister Vesna: it is still on the way. After all, yesterday her sister told her that she might be free early.
“I want to tell her that as a promising student, the military noticed me! And I, with my grades and characteristics, will certainly be able to pass the exams at the military academy! And I will become a radio operator! I think Vesna will be delighted!” thought the girl, walking down the street.
She was happy, but in her soul a kind of dark foreboding arose. As if something bad was about to happen. But the schoolgirl tried to suppress it. Unwittingly, she recalled a dream she had the other day: as if Vesna was falling into the abyss. But the details of the dream disappeared after waking up. However, Zima is not used to focusing on such mystical signs. Therefore, she resolutely drove away obsessive thoughts from herself.
The girl did not know whether her sister was at home or not. Therefore, she just wanted to ring the doorbell, and then how it goes.
Zima entered the entrance and took the elevator to the desired floor. She went to the apartment and pressed the bell button. No one answered her. “Hmm, probably, Vesna couldn't come earlier today...” the girl thought.
She was about to leave when she stumbled over the corner of the rug by the front door, lost her balance and involuntarily grabbed the doorknob. This helped keep her balanced, but another unexpected event happened. Namely: the doorknob turned, and the door opened with a characteristic click. This greatly surprised Zima. For a moment she froze in surprise, trying to comprehend what she saw.
“Oh? What? Why isn't the door locked? Were Vesna and Vuc in such a hurry that they forgot to close it?” finally, the schoolgirl said in amazement.
With some apprehension, she glanced back at the staircase. She expected a pensioner neighbor, a former doctor, to appear from the next apartment. She always cared about everything, and she herself declared herself ‘the head of the entrance’. Hearing any noise on the staircase, the neighbor immediately appeared from her apartment in order to find out what was the matter. But now she's gone to the store.
Zima involuntarily glanced into the apartment. There were shopping bags on the shoe cabinet, and her sister's shoes on the rug by the door.
“Vesna, are you here?” she called, closing the door behind her.
Silence was her answer. “Maybe she's in the toilet? Or is she feeling bad?” the girl began to worry and resolutely went deeper into the apartment in order to find her sister.
Finally, Zima reached Vesna's room. Everything looked as usual: beige wallpaper on the walls, simple wooden furniture: a large wardrobe and a double bed on which lay the journalist, dressed in a work suit.
At the sight of her deathly pale sister, Zima froze for a moment. Foreboding crept into her soul. Everything went cold inside. But refusing to believe what was happening, the girl sat down and called:
“Vesna, do you feel bad? You are very pale... Are you sleeping? Please wake up...” 
Silence answered her. She felt tears welling up in her eyes.
“Vesna, wake up! Answer me!” 
Zima took her sister by the hand: it was cold. The girl had already realized that her sister would not answer her. She had already noticed that Vesna was not breathing. But she stubbornly refused to believe in what was happening.
“You feel bad? You are probably very tired and fell asleep... So your breathing is weak, which is imperceptible... I'll call an ambulance! Doctors will definitely help you! After all, our Confederation has the best medicine in the world!” Zima said through her tears and hurried to the phone.
Soon, she got through to an ambulance. The operator, having heard about a young woman of childbearing age, lying unconscious and not regaining consciousness, hastened to send a request for a call. Doctors, ‘the best medicine in the world’ (as stated in all media and broadcasts on CK's Cryst-lenses) arrived fairly quickly. Soon, Zima heard the doorbell ring and hurried to open it.
“Did you call the ambulance?” a stout, stern-looking female doctor in a dark blue ambulance uniform asked without further greetings.
Doctors in the Kingdom were often not polite or tactful, but rudeness on their part was common. However, one must admit that they knew their business.
“Yes...” Zima stammered in confusion.
“So who's sick there?” 
“My sister... She lies motionless and does not wake up,” the girl sobbed.
The stern female doctor looked at each other meaningfully with her assistant orderly, an equally stout and stern man. Ambulances were always prepared for the worst outcomes. But they also often met various alarmists. Therefore, they never jumped to conclusions.
“Okay, now let's see,” said the female doctor. “Girl, show me where your sister is.” 
She and the orderly took off their shoes and walked after Zima. At the sight of the deathly pale Vesna, both medics immediately understood what had happened. Alas, they had to deal with a lot at their work. Therefore, they have long ceased to feel any compassion. However, in any case, they had to be fully convinced of their assumptions.
Therefore, the female doctor began to examine Vesna: trying to feel the pulse, check breathing and take blood pressure. Finally, she said to the orderly:
“Write in the report: today's date and time 16:45. The patient...” then the woman looked at Zima and asked: “What's your sister's name? And her identification number is needed.” 
“Vesna X-1-2003928-R0101...” Zima replied in a different voice. She had already guessed what words she was about to hear. But she still refused to believe it.
“So, write on,” the female doctor told the orderly. “Vesna X-1-2003928-R0101 — died. Most likely from a heart attack. An autopsy will show a more precise reason.” 
When the death of her sister was announced, Zima lost all hope. She wanted to cry and scream at the same time that it was all a lie. She wanted it all to be just a dream. But, alas, what was happening was reality.
Zima tried to say something, to object: maybe the doctors were wrong? Or is it such a cruel joke? But the words rose in her throat. Her head spun, everything blurred before her eyes. And the next moment, the world around Zima was covered with darkness.
The last thing she heard before losing consciousness were the words of the female doctor:
“Ammonia[9]! Come on ammonia! And prepare the injection! It is necessary to prevent a heart attack in such the young girl! She has yet to give birth in the future!” 
The orderly was brought in in a suitcase with medical instruments. After all, all doctors have always had an attitude from the leadership: it is a priority to save women of childbearing age.
But Zima no longer thought about it. Her world was completely engulfed in darkness.

Chapter 6. Oddities in Avril's Life
World of Geba, Alliance of the Kingdoms, Kingdom of Lutetia, Rosan, 954 post-Renaissance
Classes at Avril's school went in the usual way. More precisely, almost in the usual. In the career guidance questionnaire, the girl wrote that she wanted to enter the military academy and become a military magic researcher. The teachers have not looked at the questionnaires yet, they did it after the lessons. But the schoolgirl already guessed that tomorrow she would certainly be called for a conversation in the teacher's room. And they will ask something like: “Miss Edelweiss, are you sure you were not mistaken in anything? You wanted to become a model, the whole school knows about it! And now you write that you want to become a military magic researcher in order to have access to the most advanced scientific knowledge!” 
Minako and Ursula spent the whole day trying to ask the girl: what is the real reason for such a rapid change? But they did not get an intelligible answer from her.
They themselves also filled out a career guidance questionnaires. Minako wrote that she wants to open a small chain of fitness clubs. Ursula had a dilemma. She could not imagine life without her ‘sworn rival’ Avril. Otherwise, she became incredibly bored. The desire to surpass the ‘sworn rival’ made Ms. Rondal get better and improve in many areas. And she thought how to continue their eternal and incomprehensible when the competition began, the meaning of which was clear only to her.
Perhaps can say that Ursula was the type of person who just needs to compete with someone. Otherwise she will be bored with life. Therefore, in her career guidance questionnaire, the girl wrote that she wanted to become either a model or a military magical researcher. Moreover, she understood magic quite well, although everything did not seem to her as simple and obvious as Avril.
Ursula understood that tomorrow the teachers would have questions about her questionnaire. And if she nevertheless decides to enter the military academy and join the army, like her ‘sworn rival’, then she will have to explain to her fathers for a long time. For both the girl's dads were staunch opponents of militarism. But for now, she chose not to think about it...
... Finally, school is over. Avril said goodbye to her friend, sworn rival and classmates. And right after the end of class, she went to the parking lot. Other girls were in no hurry to go home: many stayed for extra classes or just chat with each other. Therefore, their drivers came later. Avril, as usual, was met by the driver (aka gardener) Mr. Claude after school. He came for her in an expensive six-seater car. Avril's mother, Claire, drove the same automobile to go shopping. It is not surprising: many wealthy housewives of Lutetia loved such cars. The girl's father had his own car, which he drove to work. Sometimes Avril asked her parents: maybe buy another, third automobile, especially so that the girl would be taken to school? To which the parents answered firmly: no. For the third vehicle in the family has always had higher taxes.
But, after the girl's majority, her father and mother promised to buy her a personal car. After reaching adulthood, she was considered legally out of the custody of her parents (but actually not). Therefore, if buy a car for an adult daughter, then the vehicle was considered her personal. And taxes were paid on it, as on one automobile. At the same time, Avril herself did not have to learn to drive: she could use the services of a driver. Still, young Edelweiss wanted to get a driver's license. She had already decided which driving school she would go to when she was eighteen. Of course, in the Alliance, most children graduated from school at sixteen or seventeen years old, but coming of age came a little later.
However, the girl understood: if she entered the military academy, then she would most likely have no time to attend a driving school. And even during the holidays, she is unlikely to find time for this: all the cadets had compulsory practice. However, this did not bother her: she can go to a driving school later.
... Having got into the car and greeted the driver, Avril immediately noticed that he was alarmed by something.
“Mr. Claude, what happened?” she asked.
“Oh, Ms. Avril... Before I followed you, Ms. Agatha Regis, the wife of your older brother, Mr. Olivier, came to your home,” the man replied, embarrassed. “And…” 
“What?” the girl worried.
She did not really get along with her older brother: after all, they had a big age difference (fifteen years) and different mothers. He, too, did not have much love for his younger sister. But at the same time, they did not hate each other. Olivier worked as a military engineer in the same department as their father.
But Avril sincerely admired his wife, Agatha Regis, an incredibly beautiful woman. Earlier, Agatha was a popular model, she shone on the covers of glossy magazines and in various programs on the Cryst-lens. She unwittingly turned out to be one of those who once inspired Avril to be a model.
When Agatha and Olivier got married eight years ago, the girl felt incredible happiness. After all, her idol became the wife of her brother! And the wedding was truly beautiful! With a white dress, beautiful bridesmaids, cake and many guests!
Olivier was very fond of his beautiful wife. At least he thought so. And she thought she loved him. But after three years, something went wrong, and the feelings of the spouses faded. It is not for nothing that in the Alliance (both in the Confederation of the Kingdoms and in other countries) people say: love lives for three years.
Scientists explained this by the fact that in the human body, during falling in love, a certain chemical reaction begins, which lasts these same three years. But the details of this phenomenon have not yet been studied due to the lack of the necessary technologies.
Avril did not know: the reason for the frequent quarrels between her brother and his wife was that those same three years had already passed, or in something else? Agatha has not worked as the model for a long time, but continued to take care of herself. More precisely, she only did this. The woman was no longer interested in anything and did not even devote time to raising her two children, born to Olivier. The children were constantly taken care of by the governesses.
Avril understood long ago: the idol of her childhood, alas, has an empty inner world, and is also fixated on herself and her appearance. And so thought a girl who considered self-care and beauty one of the most interesting things in life. Even in her opinion, Agatha's behavior went beyond reasonable.
Meanwhile, Mr. Claude, embarrassed, continued to speak:
“Ms. Regis has arrived... She said that Mr. Olivier did not come home last night. And before that, they quarreled.” 
“Oh...” Edelweiss sighed with some relief.
Alas, this has happened more and more lately. Agatha and Olivier quarreled, and he did not spend the night at home. Sometimes he visited his father, and sometimes he spent time in the red-light district (in many countries of the Alliance prostitution was legalized). Sometimes, Olivier just rented a hotel room near work. The hotel administrator and employees have long remembered him. And although the man did not tell them about his circumstances, they understood that he had problems at home. He did not go to his mother (his father's first wife) — she lived in the suburbs, outside of Rosan. In addition, Olivier did not want to bother her.
“Agatha shouldn't be so worried!” meanwhile Avril said. “By evening, my brother will surely calm down! And after work will come home.” 
“That's the point...” Mr. Claude looked worried. “Ms. Regis called him at work. But his colleagues said that Mr. Olivier is absent today.” 
“Absent?” the girl was surprised.
But this is serious. For, no matter how much her brother quarreled with his wife, he never missed work. Olivier is used to not mixing professional duties and personal problems. After all, the service of a military engineer is a responsible business. And not coming to work without a good reason is unacceptable.
“Let's hope that nothing terrible has happened... And in the evening the brother will return to Agatha. Or will come to us,” Avril tried to pull herself together.
She did not even think that an accident could happen to her brother. Or that he could have been killed and his organs taken away, like unfortunate refugees. For some reason, without knowing where she came from, she was sure: Olivier was alive and well. He just didn't come home.
The girl's rich imagination immediately drew a picture of a drunken and repentant brother literally bursting into their house in the evening. He rarely abused alcohol, but once this happened.
Avril imagined how Olivier would start complaining to their father that he wanted to divorce his wife, but he was reluctant to share the joint property and custody of the children. And if he initiates a divorce, then Agatha will be entitled to increased alimony. And most likely, custody of the children, a five-year-old son and a three-year-old daughter, will remain with her.
Claire, Avril's mother, preferred not to interfere with the conversations between her husband and his son from his first marriage. Therefore, she just brewed tea for them and left. Avril herself in childhood was very worried about the relationship between Olivier and Agatha. But eventually, as she got older, she stopped worrying about it.
... Ms. Edelweiss was completely lost in her thoughts, and stopped paying attention to what was happening around her. She came to her senses only when Mr. Claude braked sharply. The girl was surprised: what's the matter? They seem to be driving along the usual road, along the familiar area that is located between her house and school. The area is not the richest in the city, but it is very prosperous — people of the middle class lived in it. And no problems, like bad roads, never arose there.
“Oh no!” said Claude in dismay. “They're making riots again!” 
Avril looked out the window. A group of ten people jumped onto the road, including refugees from the Eastern and Southern Continents, as well as the inhabitants of the Alliance. And not only people from small kingdoms who came to Lutetia in search of work and failed. But the inhabitants of Lutetia themselves, many of whom have recently lost their jobs for various reasons.
Lately, this has happened a lot. It all started three months ago. Unauthorized meetings were held in Lutetia, Mercia and Trabant. On which the refugees and residents of the Alliance wanted to be heard. People from the Eastern and Southern Continents requested that the police devote more time to investigating the mysterious murders of refugees. The refugees themselves asked for the same and demanded more funding for their adaptation programs.
The residents of the Alliance also made demands. Graduates wanted the best work of the student employment program. The unemployed spoke about social guarantees and assistance in finding a job. And people of pre-retirement age asked for the transfer of their financial savings to other pension funds or the return of funds paid for many years. For, in the Alliance, several pension funds collapsed recently. And only civil servants and municipal officials were entitled to a public pension.
The meetings were also attended by animal activists and environmental organizations wishing to expand legislation in these areas. Also participating were women's rights organizations and single parents demanding gender equality and protesting against discrimination. Although in the Alliance legally, men and women were equal, and the rights of sexual minorities were not infringed, in reality everything was different. For example, there was a gap (sometimes as high as thirty percent) in the wages of men and women in the same positions. And this is not to mention the problems of domestic violence, tacit discrimination in employment (men were hired more willingly, believing that a women would certainly go on maternity leave) and other problems.
The real situation with the rights of sexual minorities was also very different from the one ‘on paper’. Open homosexuals might not have been hired. And if the applicant asked why he or she was refused, employers answered, hiding behind some specious excuse. A secret homosexual could be fired under the correct pretext if the truth about his or her sexual orientation was found out. And as is know, it is very difficult to accuse an employer of discrimination in hiring or unfair dismissal. For the court, direct evidence is needed, such as confirmation of the words of discrimination or audio recordings. But, of course, no employer would talk directly about such things.
... Unauthorized meetings three months ago also supported hippies. They had no specific demands, but they simply always supported most of the meetings.
Trabant, Mercia and Lutetia met some of the demands. Some people of pre-retirement age were able to get their funds back, a small part of graduates found work. Human rights organizations received a small one-off state support. But all this was a drop in the bucket, most of the demands were not met.
Since then, public unrest has occurred periodically in the major cities of Lutetia, Mercia and Trabant. Groups of five or ten people took to the streets of prosperous middle-class neighborhoods, attacked passers-by and passing cars, smashed and set fire to shops. There have been nine such attacks in the past three months.
The rioters were of different sex and age, different nationalities. Girls, boys, refugees, residents of the Alliance, young and old took part in this. But the hippies who actively supported the meetings did not participate in the riots. For they have always advocated peaceful protests and did not want to resort to violence. Yes, they could shout and throw various flyers in public places. Some animal rights hippies threw paint balls at people who wore real fur coats. But nothing more.
Of course, the city guards tried to control and confront the riots. But above all, their troops were sent to patrol public places like train stations and shopping centers, as well as wealthy neighborhoods. Patrols were less frequent in middle-class areas. Although, the rioters were active there. The poor areas were patrolled a little, but there was no riot there either.
The Alliance could not allocate large forces to maintain order. The military was preoccupied with the eternal sluggish conflict with the Confederation of the Kingdoms. And the funding of the city guards was reduced two years ago, and there were layoffs in their ranks in order to increase funding for social programs using the saved funds. The main irony was that people didn't feel it.
Of course, the city guards and agents of the governments of all the kingdoms of the Alliance understood that usually people themselves do not organize into such aggressive groups. It means that someone is behind the riots. But organizers could not be found. For the people captured during the riots gave different and contradictory information. And there were no other traces...
... Avril has never seen riots in real life. But now it happened. She looked ahead: there was a traffic jam. Apparently, one of the rioters deliberately drove out on a truck and stopped it in the middle of the road.
“Ms. Avril, our car is strong... I think we can wait inside until someone calls the city guards,” Mr. Claude looked tense and worried. “For going outside is also unsafe...” 
The girl with round eyes looked at what was happening through the window and saw an aggressive group of ten people. They shouted something and kicked several cars in front. One of the men took a baseball bat out of his shoulder bag and began hitting one of the cars. The driver of the car, an elderly man, apparently from the Eastern Continent, shouted something back. Most likely, he asked the attacker to stop senseless attacks and threatened to call the city guards. But the attacker was deaf to his requests.
The example of the man with the bat was followed by the rest of the riot participants. Young men and girls began to get weapons from their bags: baseball bats, sticks and stones.
Soon, stones were thrown into cars and shops along the road. Ordinary people hid from the street in panic. Some drivers jumped out of their cars in terror. But not everyone was able to escape: the rioters caught and began to beat several passers-by.
One of the women managed to lock herself in a telephone booth in order to call the city guards (however, this was probably already done by the owners of nearby shops and residents of houses watching what was happening through the windows). Apparently she succeeded. For she soon hung up the phone. Several participants in the riots noticed this and began to break into her telephone booth. The woman tried to hold the door, but could not cope with the onslaught. The door opened abruptly, the rioters threw the woman onto the asphalt and began to beat her. Soon she was lying on the asphalt covered in blood, and the attackers lost interest in her, rushing to rampage further.
Avril saw it all through the window. She understood that soon it would come to their car. Everything inside her was cold with horror. She felt fear, she wanted to hide and run as far as possible. But, alas, this is impossible: it is even more dangerous outside.
Or is it more dangerous inside the car? The girl didn’t know. Mister Claude too. He felt fear both for himself and for Avril, whom he remembered as a little girl. He peacefully worked as a simple driver and gardener for the Edelweiss family for many years, and could not correctly assess such situations.
Suddenly, Claude and Avril heard a strange sound. Both flinched, turned around and saw a man and a girl, with rage on their faces, began to hit the back window of the car with baseball bats. It cracked, and then began to crumble into pieces that fell on the seat... Fortunately, the car was a six-seater, and Avril was in the second row of seats, behind the driver.
“What are you doing? Quickly get out of here away!” Mr. Claude was furious. His eyes filled with anger. He wanted to throw something at the attackers, but there was nothing suitable next to him and in the small box next to the gearbox. Alas, all the tools were in the trunk.
“Get out! Get out of here!” also cried Avril. She felt uncontrollable anger and chilling fear. But at the same time, she felt something strange: as if there was some kind of invisible wall inside her. And a stream beats against this wall that cannot break through.
She grabbed her school bag and threw it at one of the attackers. The bag, weighted with textbooks, reached its target and hit the attacker in the head and fell into the back seat. The defeated man first staggered back, and then fell to the asphalt. But other rioters, not paying attention to the defeated comrade, continued to attack.
The magic formulas that Avril remembered from her father's books and had previously successfully used some in practice, seemed to disappear from her head. She was too scared to use even the simplest formulas, such as an illumination spell, to blind her enemies. And how should it be used? After all, for this, the formula needs to be written and concentrated to activate it!
Meanwhile, Mr. Claude, cursing the attackers, tried to drive forward, but could not: the traffic jam did not disappear anywhere.
Ms. Edelweiss began to think feverishly: what else can be used as a ‘weapon’? The bag can no longer be reached — it is too far. There are simply no other suitable items. In the end, she grabbed the first aid kit that was attached next to her seat and threw it at attackers. But, alas, she missed the target...
At the same moment, the back window of the car rang: thanks to persistent attacks, it was almost completely broken. Shards of it fell into the back seat. The attackers tried to get inside in order to grab Avril and Claude.
At the sight of this, the girl's eyes darkened, she felt weak. The body became as if not hers, she was numb and could not move. In her imagination, pictures immediately appeared of how she and the driver would be pulled out of the car, beaten, or even worse...
“Stop... Get out of here...” Avril said in a low voice. Suddenly, something broke inside her. And her quiet voice was replaced by a loud, shrill cry that seemed to penetrate into the depths of the soul: “GET OUT! GET OUT!” 
A slight wave of vibration ran around. All the attackers, not only those who were smashing the girl's car, suddenly froze. And as one, they all began to say:
“Get away...” 
“Get away...” 
“Get away...” 
And as if by magic, the attackers began to retreat. They threw down their weapons and walked away with glazed eyes.
“Are they under the influence of some kind of intoxication? And did my scream scare them?” did not understand Avril. She still felt fear and was shaking, but she realized that the danger was over. And, despite the morning meeting with the strange cat, for some reason it did not even occur to her that mysticism might be involved here. “In any case, it's good that they left...” 
Finally, when the attackers were out of sight, a detachment of city guards, who had previously been on duty in the next street, drove up in several cars. They did not understand: where did the criminals go? Some of the guards rushed in search of the fugitives, while the rest began to question the frightened passers-by and witnesses. They also rushed to call an ambulance — after the attacks of the attackers, there were many injured people on the street. For some of them, the guards began to provide medical assistance on the spot. They were assisted by drivers who came to their senses and workers from nearby shops. Indeed, according to the laws of the Alliance, all drivers must have first-aid kits with them, and stores must certainly have a basic set of medicines in case of a sudden illness of employees or an accident. Residents of the surrounding houses also rushed to help.
Other guards recorded initial testimonies, contact details of witnesses and victims in the reports, so that they could later be called to the guard station for more detailed questions. They were probably going to catch the rioters later, when they learned the descriptions of their appearance.
Soon, one of the city guards noticed that the traffic on the road was blocked by the truck abandoned by the intruders. He called in a special technician to evacuate the trucks.
When the road was cleared, the cars standing in the jam were finally able to move on.
“Mr. Claude, it's time to go,” Avril said.
“Oh? What? Oh yes! Go...” the driver, who was in a daze, only now realized that the movement had resumed. He grabbed the wheel with shaking hands, trying to control his anxiety. “Oh, those rioters! Surely they are using some kind of dope! They attack, then abruptly leave... In any case, it's good that they got away.” 
The driver did not associate Avril's scream with the sudden disappearance of the attackers. He simply assumed they were under the influence of some intoxication. The girl thought the same way.
Mr. Claude stepped on the gas pedal. His gaze slid across the rearview mirror. He was afraid that the employers would be angry for the damaged car. But at the same time, he was relieved that they just got off with a shattered rear window. The main thing is that Avril is all right, and she did not suffer... Suddenly, the man froze, then for a moment he widened his eyes and shuddered. Then he asked:
“Miss Avril... What about your eyes?” 
“What?” the girl did not understand.
She looked in bewilderment in the rearview mirror. Her reaction was the same as that of the driver: her eyes widened, she flinched. There really was something to be surprised: her eyes turned golden. But, despite the strange morning events, she did not even think that mysticism might be involved.
Edelweiss shook her head, as if to drive away the obsession. Then she took a small powder box from her bag and looked at herself in the mirror. Indeed, the eyes turned gold...
“If someone from CK saw me now, I would be mistaken for a priestess of the Goddess of the Earth or Hors,” the girl involuntarily thought, recalling the rare shots of priestesses seen on the Cryst-lens, furtively taken by foreign students from the Northern, Eastern and Southern Continents, who studied at the Confederation. When they returned to their homes, they sold photographs of golden-eyed maidens for big money to the offices of various Alliance media in their countries.
Of course, in the Confederation, it was strictly forbidden to photograph priestesses for both citizens of their country and foreign citizens. For violation of this law, a person was not imprisoned, but a large fine was imposed.
However, students who wanted to make money were not afraid.
“Probably the light is falling like that,” Avril told the driver in the meantime. “My eyes are brown, but may appear lighter in other light. Or it’s because of stress.” 
“Because of stress?” Mr. Claude was surprised.
“Yes,” the girl nodded. “Why not? People still don't know a lot about stress and its consequences for the body. After all, this area has only recently begun to be studied!” 
“Yes, maybe...” Mr. Claude was quite satisfied with this answer. “I think your eyes will soon regain their former appearance!” 
“Of course,” Avril agreed, although she felt intense confusion and bewilderment.
She realized that something was wrong. The day turned out to be, to put it mildly, strange: a mystical cat and a vision before the school, news of her brother's disappearance, riots... Aren't there too many events? But Ms. Edelweiss tried to keep her composure. For a moment she thought: “Maybe the change in the color of my eyes is connected with the morning incident? With that strange cat, mysterious child, and a place called Throne of the Soul? Although no... It can't be! It all happened in the morning, and my eyes have changed now... Surely stress is to blame! After all, I was so scared...” 
With such thoughts, the girl was heading home...
***
When Mr. Claude parked automobile in front of the house, Avril noticed Agatha's fashionable red sports car in the yard. As usual, the former model didn't bother with parking neatly. And the auto stood as if it was trying to take as much space as possible.
Avril got out of the car and headed into the house. Claude looked with displeasure at Agatha's transport, sighed, grumbled softly, but still managed to overcome the obstacle and enter the garage. He never liked Ms. Regis, but as a hired worker he kept his thoughts to himself.
Plus, now he was much more worried about how to tell the employers about the broken back window. Even if it wasn't his fault, he was still worried. Unlike Avril, who didn't think about it at all.
The girl herself, meanwhile, entered the house. The first thing she heard was a woman's cry:
“He still hasn't come!.. What should I do now? What if he doesn't come back? And if he files for divorce or something happened to him?..” 
Of course, Ms. Edelweiss recognized Agatha's voice. The girl left her school bag in the hallway and cautiously approached the living room. There she saw her mother, Claire, and the former model sobbing. She was sitting on an armchair, her eyes red with tears, and next to her, on a coffee table, was a pile of used tissue. Nearby stood a half-full decanter of water and a glass. Probably, Agatha resorted to the old way to calm down: she drank water. But alas, unsuccessfully...
Claire looked tired and unhappy. She never wanted to know the details of conflicts and family quarrels between Olivier and his wife. And even more so, it was not part of her plans to calm the woman down for so long.
Seeing her daughter, Claire (who did not notice her changing eye color from afar) looked pleadingly at her child. Her eyes seemed to say: “Help, I can't take it anymore!”. Avril sighed. She, too, did not want to interfere in the conflicts between her brother and his wife. In addition, the strange feeling that Olivier was alive and well did not leave her.
But still, the girl came to her mother's aid:
“Oh, Agatha, you're here! I heard about what happened from Mr. Claude!” she made a sympathetic face and rushed to the former childhood idol.
“Oh, Avril!” the woman burst into tears even more.
The girl began to say general things in order to calm her down:
“Everything will be fine! I am sure: my brother is just very upset by your quarrel, and therefore he could not go to work! Perhaps he drank too much. But I'm sure he's okay!” 
Or:
“Agatha, calm down! Do not сry! Everything will be fine!” 
Soon, the schoolgirl in some unthinkable way managed to calm the woman down. Agatha finally stopped crying.
“You’re probably right,” she told the girl. “I think I should go home.” 
“Call a taxi for you?” Claire asked politely.
“Oh, don't worry! I am quite able to drive myself,” the former model replied. Suddenly she asked: “Oh, by the way, Avril... I just noticed! Have you decided to use colored lenses for your eyes?” 
“Oh yes... Quite right,” she replied, not wanting to tell Agatha about the riots.
“But I think blue eyes will suit you more than gold. Purple would be fine too. I just saw purple lenses on sale just recently,” said Ms. Regis. “With gold lenses, you may be misunderstood: you are somewhat like a priestess of the Confederation. This can cause problems.” 
“From now on I will think of it better,” the girl agreed.
Then Agatha politely said goodbye to Claire and Avril, left the house, got into her car and drove to her home. When she left, Claire gazed at her child. And she asked:
“Lenses?” 
“Not really...” the daughter honestly admitted.
And she briefly told about what happened on the way from school.
“Hmm, that's how it is...” the woman said thoughtfully.
She wanted to add something else, but then Claude appeared. He timidly told about what had happened, ending his story with the words:
“And the back window is now broken. Here...” 
“It's okay, this is no one's fault,” Claire replied. “Please go to the car service and fix the car, Mr. Claude. Have a check written to Albert's name there?” 
The head of the family was calm when his wife or daughter wrote checks in his name in stores. The main thing is not to cross the boundaries of reason.
The driver sighed with relief and hurried to the car service. When he left, Claire gazed at her daughter again.
“Avril, we need to talk seriously. The real reason why your eyes turned gold, and why the attackers left after you screamed.” 
“The real reason? Weren't those people under the influence of intoxication, and my eyes didn't change color because of stress?” 
“No, not at all because of that,” the woman sighed. And pointing to the chair opposite, she said: “Sit down, we will have a long conversation...” 
The girl sat down obediently. Foreboding crept into her soul. And Claire, meanwhile, continued:
“You will hear many unexpected, and probably unpleasant for yourself. I hoped that this conversation would never happen, but my hopes were not justified... Still, you inherited my power.” 
“What power?” did not understand Avril.
“Sounds like the beginning of the fashionable fantasy books,” she thought involuntarily.
“The power to subdue others,” her mother answered her. “You see, my daughter, I am not quite an ordinary person. My real name, if you can call it that, is Number 1536 of 13 Lot. And I am the fugitive priestess of the Temple of the Goddess of the Earth from the Kingdom of Wend of the Confederation of the Kingdoms.” 
Avril widened her eyes. She could only say one word:
“What?” 
“My real name is Number 1536 of 13 Lot. And I am the fugitive priestess of the Goddess of the Earth Temple from the Kingdom of Wend of the Confederation of the Kingdoms,” Claire repeated. And she added: “This is not a joke.” 
By the serious look of her mother, the girl understood: she really wasn’t joking. The conversation promised to be long...

Chapter 7. God Thoth, Black Cat and White Fox. Parting with Vesna. Children's Book with a Secret
World of Geba, Confederation of the Kingdoms, Kingdom of Wend, Mokoshin, 954 post-Renaissance
The end of May came, and with it the end of the school year. Final exams in all schools have already ended. This is a joyful event for all schoolchildren and their parents, and especially for graduates. From now on, it was believed that children had completed the preparatory part of the path to adulthood. Most of the students have already decided where they will go to study next.
Graduations in CK schools were usually modest, in the form of solemn lines. In the morning, on the day of graduation, at the school line, the Ruler of the Light Svyatozar congratulated the graduates and other schoolchildren. Then they were congratulated by the teachers. Students who moved into the next grade received certificates with annual grades. And the graduates received school diplomas with the stamp of the school.
All students, including graduates, were dressed in their everyday school uniforms. But, on solemn days (and the end of the school year and the graduation line were considered just such an event), white pelerines[10] were worn over the uniform, the same for both boys and girls. They were sewn from thin cotton and tied with a white silk ribbon.
The same pelerines were worn on the first day of the school year, on New Years and on public holidays. Sometimes they were worn on the birthday of the school, i.e. day of its opening.
In case the student, for any reason, was in a period of mourning, a black brooch was pinned over the pelerine. All the inhabitants of the Confederation had such brooches. In many families, they were old, inherited from great-grandfathers and great-grandmothers. For, black mourning brooches were an ancient tradition in most of the CK kingdoms. Although in some kingdoms, they came into use later.
Zima's family had a black brooch in the shape of a tree branch. The girl wore it all the time while the mourning for Vesna continued.
Zima stood at the solemn line, next to her was Vera. She was worried about her beloved, but did not know how to cheer her up. And how can cheer if the girl's dear sister, Vesna, so tragically died a month ago?
Of course, Mira was also worried about her friend, and also did not know how to cheer her up. She decided to leave this to the care of Vera, because she considered them to be closer friends with the Zima. Of course, she was unaware of the true love relationship of the two girls. But in this case, this did not change the essence: for even Vera did not know how to help her beloved.
Zima herself did not hear the congratulatory speech of the Ruler of the Light, which was broadcast through the Cryst-lens. She did not notice either her beloved Vera or her dear friend Mira.
Zima had not heard or noticed anything since her sister's death. If call her several times, she will briefly come out of prostration. But then she ‘went into herself’ again. She did everything automatically, often not understanding where she was going or what she was doing. Mother and father were very worried about her. Although they themselves were in a terrible state. Vesna's sudden death shocked everyone.
A month ago, when the ambulance ascertained Vesna's death from a heart attack, Zima lost consciousness and did not recover for a long time, despite the efforts of the doctors. When the children of Vesna returned home after school, they saw a dead mother and doctors trying to revive their aunt. The children at first did not understand what had happened. But when they realized, they cried so hard and desperately that the hearts of even callous ambulance doctors trembled.
While the female doctor and orderly tried unsuccessfully to revive Zima and calm the four crying children, Vuc returned. The news of his wife's death shocked him so much that he, like Zima, fainted. But unlike the girl, he quickly came to his senses. And finally realizing that the inevitable had happened, he cried long and bitterly with the children. He repeated only one thing:
“Why? She was perfectly healthy!” 
To which the female doctor and orderly replied:
“Sometimes it happens to young people.” 
Ambulance medics filled in the required forms. Vesna's body was taken to the morgue for subsequent autopsy and clarification of the causes of death, and Zima was placed in a hospital.
No one knew that while the girl was unconscious, she had a strange dream. It seemed to her that she was looking at her body from the side. And everything around seemed to become larger. Or has she suddenly decreased?
Zima tried to examine her body. And she realized that instead of arms and legs, she now had white fox paws. She turned around and saw a snow-white fluffy tail behind. Namely: the girl mysteriously turned into a white fox.
For unknown reasons, she did not feel fear or confusion from such a sudden change. She was not afraid that from the outside she sees her body, around which a worried female doctor and orderly was busy fussing. Zima knew her body was alive.
She at the same time remained the same Zima, and at the same time became the White Fox. And this White Fox felt and perceived the world around her in a completely different way.
The fox did something, and suddenly she was surrounded by fog. The female doctor and orderly did not see either the mysterious animal or the strange fog. And they couldn't see. Because the Fox was a spiritual entity.
The part of the Fox's consciousness that remained Zima thought in perplexity: “What's going on? Where I am? I died? Or is it just a strange dream?” But at the same time, she also did not feel fear. And for some reason she knew: when the dream was over, she would again become same Zima, although she would retain the memories of a strange dream.
Meanwhile, the fog parted. Zima, who is part of the White Fox's consciousness, realized that she was standing in a hall with high vaults and walls of white-silver stone. Tall columns propped up vaults, and the ceiling had intricate paintings depicting magical formulas. The girl saw only simple magic formulas in some library books, but did not know how to use them. And what she saw greatly amazed her.
However, the White Fox was not at all surprised. After all, she knew all these formulas well. Therefore, she calmly walked forward to the silvery throne that stood in the middle of the hall. There were no unnecessary decorations on the throne, it had the simplest form.
“My Curiosity, White Fox, have you come here?” suddenly there was a voice that seemed to come from everywhere.
Zima, who is part of the White Fox's consciousness, was surprised. But Fox herself again did not feel surprise. She walked over to the throne and sat down opposite its. At the same time, a shadow appeared on the throne, taking the form of a child of about seven years old, dressed in a simple white tunic. The gender of the child remained unclear, but this was not something important either.
The child looked unusual. One of his eyes was brown and the other blue. Exactly half of the hair was light and the other half was dark.
“My Curiosity, you came here because of the death of that woman, Vesna, didn't you?” 
The fox made a sound. Zima, although she was now part of the Fox's consciousness, did not understand all of her actions. And she didn't know what Fox was trying to say. However, the strange child, Thoth, for some reason understood everything.
“Thoth?” the girl was surprised mentally. “How do I know his name?” But she knew, and there was no doubt about it.
Suddenly the White Fox heard footsteps from behind. Turning around, Fox saw a black cat.
“My Desire to Help, my Sympathy, you are here...” sighed the child. “You were wrong again when you brought that woman, Vesna, to the temple of the priestesses of the Confederation, and showed her the truth.” 
The Black Cat lowered his head guiltily and squeaked pitifully. The White Fox hissed angrily, first at the cat, and then at Thoth.
“I'm sorry about what happened too, White Fox. But don't be mad at the Black Cat. He wanted to save the golden-eyed maidens.” 
The Fox hissed again.
“Black Raven, my Wish to Keep Balance, cannot keep an eye on everything,” Thoth shrugged. “And for so many centuries of my life, I have become very indifferent to what is happening on this planet, Geba... You all, my feelings, embodied separately in their images and having their own will, may not agree with me.” 
The Fox hissed again. And the Cat seemed to cry. Thoth said again:
“White Fox, my Curiosity, you yourself wished to be embodied as a human being. People's lives are filled with pain. And the Black Cat would turn to Vesna for help, regardless of whether she was your relative in your human life or not. The Black Cat did not want evil.” 
The White Fox hissed again, and the Cat began to cry. Thoth remained indifferent. He closed his eyes. And he said quietly:
“This world... Now something is happening in it that has never happened before... Who would have thought that people would go so far in their destructive aspirations? And that they will sacrifice so much...” 
White Fox and Black Cat were distracted for a moment and looked at Thoth. “What's happening?” did not understand Zima, which became part of the consciousness of the White Fox. “This dream is too strange... And surprisingly realistic...”.
She simultaneously understood what was happening, and at the same time she did not. More precisely, Zima, who had become a part of the White Fox's consciousness, did not understand. But the White Fox herself understood. She knew Thoth and the Black Cat. After all, the White Fox was one of the embodied feelings of Thoth, a kind of ‘god’ of this world, now forgotten by people. She was his Curiosity.
Meanwhile, Fox made some sounds.
“No, White Fox, I will not interfere,” Thoth replied indifferently. “It is unacceptable. You yourself know where this can lead.” 
The Fox hissed.
“Yes, you understand everything correctly — I don't care,” Thoth nodded. “However, direct intervention unless absolutely necessary is in any case unacceptable.” 
The Fox hissed again, and the Cat began to cry.
“Black Cat, if you are my Sympathy embodied, then it is up to you to save those priestesses. Personally, I will not interfere with this,” Thoth shook his head again. “And do not forget that you cannot directly influence the situation. Otherwise, the natural course of things will be disrupted, and this world will be engulfed in chaos. You all know the sad story of Atum, which actively interacted with creatures on her planet...” 
The White Fox ran up to him angrily. She suddenly increased in size, becoming the size of a large horse, and gave a menacing growl. Thoth now looked small and weak in comparison to her. But he was not scared. And only calmly answered the threatening roar of the Fox:
“I repeat, I don't care.” 
The Cat began to cry again, and with a pitiful squeak approached the throne.
“My Sympathy, you don't have to beg me for help,” Thoth was still indifferent and calm. And to the new angry roar of the Fox, he added: “Even if the priestesses are copies of the one that sleeps here, in the Throne of the Souls for many centuries, they are indifferent to me... And now go...” 
The Fox hissed in displeasure, and the Cat let out an unhappy meow. Zima, who is part of the White Fox's consciousness, felt completely bewildered. She did not understand anything and was surprised at the strange dream. But at the same time, this place, which Thoth called the ‘Throne of the Soul’, seemed to her painfully familiar.
The girl wanted to ask Thoth something, but she could not. After all, now she was part of the White Fox, which angrily and quickly went away, while simultaneously shrinking to her former size. A Black Cat was running nearby. He meowed plaintively, as if trying to say something to the White Fox. Finally, Fox, who had already returned to her previous size, stopped. She stared intently at the Cat.
They just stared at each other for a while. But their expressions in their eyes and muzzles were constantly changing, as if they were talking to each other without words. Finally, the White Fox raised her front paw. The Black Cat shrank, expecting a blow. But the Fox only gently put her paw on his head and made a peaceful sound. She seemed to say that the Cat was not to blame for what happened. And that she herself understands that he wanted the best.
After that, White Fox and Black Cat clung to each other and howled bitterly...
Zima did not remember very well what happened next. Only that, having cried a lot, the Fox and the Cat parted. They moved apart and surrounded by fog. Both the Cat and the Fox disappeared into it...
In the next instant, Zima, which is part of the White Fox's consciousness, realized that she was in Vesna's apartment, next to her body. Vuc and his wife's children were there too. They bitterly mourned Vesna, unable to believe what was happening. The woman doctor and the orderly had not left yet: they had tried unsuccessfully to bring Zima to consciousness, and did not understand why nothing was working.
The White Fox, invisible to everyone, looked at them sympathetically. Then she turned back in the guise of Zima. And going up to her body, she simply ‘entered’ it.
After that, Zima became herself. And her world was swallowed by darkness...
The girl regained consciousness only the next day. She didn't immediately realize where she was. First, she smelled the characteristic scent of medicines and disinfectants, then she saw dull green walls. And after that, she realized that she was lying on a creaky metal bed with linen smelling of medicines. So Zima realized that she was in the hospital.
The female doctor and orderly could not bring her to her senses. And the directive for all medical personnel of the Confederation was to first of all provide medical assistance to children, as well as girls and women of reproductive age. Therefore, the ambulance medics preferred to be vigilant and took Zima to the hospital.
Zima did not stay long in the hospital. The doctors asked her various questions, to which the girl answered in an absent voice. She was tested. And soon, her parents came for her. They were shocked and very worried when Vuc called them both at work (in Vesna's notebook there were parents' work phones). First, he phoned his wife's mother, and through tears told her about the death of her eldest daughter and that the youngest was being taken to the hospital.
The mother sat down on the floor at the work phone, unable to believe what she was hearing. Then she burst into tears. As a result, she barely pulled herself together and asked to call the woman doctor to find out which hospital Zima would be taken to and to which morgue Vesna would be sent. After that, the woman, who became like a ghost, went to ask her directress for leave from work. She, although she had a bad temper, when she heard about what had happened, let go of Zima's mother without any questions. And the woman hurried to the apartment of the eldest daughter, hoping that she would have time to arrive there before one daughter was taken to the morgue, and the other to the hospital. She managed to run literally to the moment when both the body of Vesna and the unconscious Zima were put into the ambulance. In the Confederation, it was accepted that the ambulance collects the bodies of the deceased for medical reasons, and takes them to hospital morgues.
Vuc tried to call his wife's father. But he worked as the driver, and the secretary in his company said that he delivers goods. Therefore, the man found out about everything only in the evening, when he came home, not suspecting anything.
He was in a good mood. But when he saw his sobbing wife, he felt that something bad had happened. As soon as his wife told him about what had happened, he froze on the spot, unable to believe what he had heard, and pain pierced his heart...
The next day, grief-stricken parents took Zima from the hospital. The girl was healthy physically, but she was in such prostration that she almost did not react to anything.
Zima did not remember very well what happened after that. And there were preparations for the funeral of Vesna, crying parents, Vuc with his father, mother and four children. The paternal grandmother came from the village, and the maternal grandparents came from another city. Everyone who knew the journalist could not believe what had happened.
At the funeral ceremony, which traditionally took place on a special Burial Square, Zima stood at her sister's deathbed. According to the customs of the Kingdom of Wend, all those present donned black brooches and scarlet robes. The scarlet color symbolized the funeral pyre, which was built for all the dead. Indeed, according to the ancient beliefs of Wend, the dead should be cremated and the ashes scattered. So that the souls of people in this way unite with the primordial elements: the fire consumed the body, the ashes were part of the earth, the wind scattered it. And the rain or dew that fell after the ceremony helped the ash particles to finally merge with the last element — water.
When Zima, according to the custom of Wend, like the others who had come to the ceremony, came to kiss her dead sister on the forehead, she involuntarily noticed one thing. Namely: there was a strange dot on Vesna's neck. But the girl did not attach any importance to this...
Soon, a funeral pyre began to burn. Zima didn't cry then, she didn't have the strength. After the ceremony, everything that happens around her again seemed to be swallowed up by fog...
***
A month has passed since the burial of Vesna. Zima was still in prostration. Her world was covered with fog. Parents repeatedly tried to cheer her up, although it was difficult for them themselves. Vera also tried to support her beloved in a variety of ways: but Zima did not react to the previously so exciting touches of her friend.
Vuc and his children were equally worried. In addition, after the death of his wife, an unpleasant legal fact arose before Vuc: he became a single father with many children. And for large single fathers, the Children's Services always closely watched. And he was strongly ‘recommended’ to marry again, after mourning for his wife. Otherwise, at the slightest mistake on his part as the father, his children could be taken away from him. Such is the incomprehensible logic of the Children's Services of the Confederation of the Kingdoms. In their opinion, single mothers (including those with many children) could combine work and take care of children, while fathers, for some reason, could not.
Therefore, custody of the children was arranged by the paternal grandmother, Vuc's mother. Until the age of sixty, grandparents could do this. The Children's Services softened a little, but still, they recommended the single father to remarry.
Zima then thought that she definitely needed to enter the military academy in order to help her nephews and niece later. After all, they are precious children of Vesna! And she is their aunt! But then the girl again fell into prostration, completely without thinking that she needed to prepare for the entrance exams to the military academy. However, lately Zima has been thinking about little...
... The graduation line for the girl also passed as if in a fog. She did not remember how she received the diploma, how Vera and Mira took her home. She did not remember how her beloved came to her and hugged her powerlessly, unable to help. She did not remember how Vera kissed her. She did not remember how her parents came and her beloved left. She didn't even remember how evening came.
This year the spring was cold, and mother kindled a small oven in Zima's room. Ovens of this type were found in most of the apartments of the Confederation. They were small, closed ovens with a chimney mounted in a window. In most cases, they cannot be seen from the outside of the facade, because for aesthetics, only a small part of the chimney was placed outside the windows and, if necessary, covered with decorative tiles. During the furnace, the tiles were removed so that it would not interfere with the smoke coming out.
In the cold season, when the central boiler houses were not yet working (they began to work clearly on certain dates), streams of smoke rose from most of the windows of apartment buildings — these were ovens.
... Zima was sitting in her room that evening. Mother said something to her, but the girl did not hear.
“Eh, at least change your school uniform with a pelerine for home clothes!” finally, the girl heard her mother's voice. “Your friend, Vera, is so worried about you! Pull yourself together! It's not only hard for you! And stop ignoring me! Better think about how you will enter the military academy!” 
“Mom?” Zima woke up.
“What ‘mom’? Don't tell me you just noticed me!” the woman sighed in exasperation. She sighed again. Then for a few moments she went out into the corridor and returned with a book in her hands. “Here, take it... Vuc gave it to me — I met him when I was walking home. He wanted to give it to you. He said that Vesna probably would like you to have this book. Moreover, their children have already grown up for such literature! My poor grandchildren... I myself would have arranged custody of them, but in such a situation, it really is better for Vuc's mother... She can often visit her son and grandchildren. But we will help them too! They are my grandchildren too! And your nephews and niece, by the way!” 
Zima, not paying attention to the further words of the mother, took the book in her hands. It was the children's book ‘Crystal Princess’. It was telling an old tale known throughout CK.
The story tells that once upon a time there lived a Princess. One day she fell asleep and could not wake up. Rock crystal, wanting to protect the girl from cold, rain and snow, created a crystal bed around her, which became the Crystal Mountain. And the Princess slept inside its for many centuries.
But one day, the Black Cat and the White Fox decided to awaken the Princess. And to find a way how to do it, they went on a journey. But they met the Black Raven, who told them: ‘If the Princess awakens, then the Crystal Mountain, inside which she sleeps, will collapse. And the whole world will collapse’. White Fox and Black Cat were sad. And they decided to just guard the Princess' sleep. And they still guard her...
... Zima knew this tale well, but did not really like it. After all, it was clear that the Princess sleeping inside the Crystal Mountain was long dead. And the world cannot collapse because of only one mountain, albeit the Crystal one. But the girl liked the picture in the book, which she looked at as the child, when Vesna read this story to her. After all, it was a rare and beautifully illustrated edition of the book — mother once brought it from the library as a decommissioned copy. Can't buy this in a simple store.
The book fell apart from time to time, but Vesna carefully glued it on and painted faded illustrations to please her younger sister. After all, she always drew well.
Later, Vesna took the story of the ‘Crystal Princess’ to read to her children. Zima had grown up enough by that time and had nothing against it. However, the children of the journalist were not particularly interested in either a fairy tale or illustrations. And the book was on the shelf for many years. Only sometimes did Zima take it in her hands and leaf through it when she came to visit her sister. Therefore, Vuc knew that this old book was special for his wife and her sister.
Meanwhile, the mother only sighed and went to the kitchen to cook dinner. And Zima moved to the oven and opened the book. She saw the familiar illustrations. “I dreamed that I turned into the White Fox because I loved to watch illustrations for this fairy tale as a child?” The girl involuntarily thought, remembering her strange dream that she saw on that tragic day. Suddenly she realized that letters began to appear in the illustrations...
The letters formed into words written in the sister's familiar handwriting. Zima widened her eyes for a moment. “Heat developing ink?” she understood. “Vesna once told me that when she was looking for material for an article, she read about it in some book from the library archives... Did she really make them herself? And what did she write here?..” 
The girl felt so amazed that she did not burst into tears, despite the bitter memories of her sister. She opened the book to the first page and began to read. And she read the following: “Dear Zima! If you are reading these words, then, most likely, I am no longer alive. I do not know how I will leave this world, but it will probably be so that I myself will not understand what is the matter when I start to die. For the case that I am investigating further requires special attention. Therefore, do not show this book to anyone near the oven (and yes, I made this ink that appears when heated!). After all, I'm sure that in the end this book will certainly end up with you. Most likely, Vuc will bring it to you. And he himself will not understand how important he will do... And now, let me tell you about the case that I additionally investigated. It concerns the priestesses of the temples of the god Hors and the Goddess of the Earth. Therefore, if there is an opportunity to get rid of the book, then get rid of it. Or hide it so that no one else can find it. Now, read carefully...” 
The further Zima read, the more amazed. When she finished, she found it difficult to believe what she was reading. But this finally brought her to her senses.
“I will enter the military academy and reach the top in the army! And I will certainly find out the truth about what Vesna was investigating, and what happened to her! That red dot on her neck... No one paid attention to it, but now I'm sure it's important... Some of the dignitaries found out about sister's investigation and got rid of her! And I will certainly learn the truth about the priestesses of Hors and the Goddess of the Earth!” 
Zima put the book on the shelf, deciding not to hide it far away and not get rid of it. After all, as soon as she moved away from the oven, the Vesna records began to disappear. And soon the pages of the book looked like they never had any secret messages on them. This means that a person who does not know anything will not be able to find out the secret.
After this Zima burst into tears. For the first time in the past month, feelings have completely returned to her.
***
Meanwhile, in the Alliance, in the Kingdom of Lutetia, in the city of Rosan, Avril Edelweiss recalled a conversation with her mother that had occurred a month ago. Namely, she recalled the very conversation that took place after the rioters attacked the girl's car, but left because of her scream. And the eyes of the young person turned gold...
After the long story of her mother that followed, Avril was silent for a long time, unable to believe what she had heard. After a long pause, she said:
“Mom, if this is true, then it turns out that the place I saw today, which the strange child called the ‘Throne of the Soul’, is real?” 
“Yes, for I was there myself,” Claire nodded. “I was also brought there by the Black Cat. From there he took me to the Kingdom of Perla… You didn't dream about it.” 
“Both my eye color and the ability that caused rioters to retreat today...” 
“Yes, you got them from me,” Claire nodded again. For a few moments her eyes turned gold, but then turned green again. “My real eye color is also gold. I just know how to change it. You will learn too. In the meantime, I will help you return your previous eye color...” 
She touched her daughter's face with her palms and... Avril's eyes turned brown again!
The girl went to the mirror and looked in amazement at her reflection.
“You're going to have to learn to control that ability and eye color,” Claire said. “Otherwise it will cause problems.” 
“Mom... Does dad know who you are?” Avril asked involuntarily.
“No. And I didn't force him to marry me with my abilities. Do not worry!” 
The girl thought for a moment. A few moments later, she said:
“If what you told me about the priestesses of the Confederation is true, then I myself want to be convinced of this... And the whole world should know about it too!” 
“What for?” mother asked unexpectedly. “After that, the world will never be the same.” 
“But still... Now I finally understood — I want to join the army in order to have access to the most advanced magical technologies and research. And the truth about the priestesses... I will do my best to let everyone know about its!” Avril exclaimed emphatically.
Claire just sighed. She didn't think it was right what was happening to the priestesses of the Confederation. But she didn’t think that the general public should learn about it. However, she also did not completely deny this scenario...
A month has passed since that conversation. Since then, a lot has happened. For example, Avril's brother was never found. The city guards were looking for him, but the man seemed to disappear without a trace! Agatha and her children from Olivier were inconsolable. The father was very worried about his son. His first wife, with whom he was now divorced, Olivier's mother, was very worried and looked like a ghost. Avril also intellectually understood that her brother could not just take and run away, something had happened to him. But at the same time, for some reason she felt that everything was all right with him, he was alive and well. Claire had the same feelings...
Ms. Edelweiss' unexpected decision to join the army shocked her father, classmates and school teachers. Her eternal rival, Ursula, announced that she would follow her, otherwise she would be very bored. With her words, the girl incredibly shocked her fathers. After all, before that, she was going to become a musician and shine on stage! Dads tried to dissuade their only daughter from such an act, but in the end they gave up and resigned themselves to her decision. Although they felt monstrous anxiety.
Avril's father, having recovered a little after the disappearance of his son, appreciated his daughter's decision. And said:
“I am very proud of you. And I'm very glad that you decided to get serious.” 
At the same time, he suddenly realized one thing: that he absolutely cannot imagine his daughter in military uniform. After all, despite the decision to join the army, the girl still continued to consider beauty one of the most interesting things in life. And she was not going to give it up in the future.
Claire just sighed softly. She was not particularly happy with her daughter's decision, but accepted her choice. And in her free time woman taught her to use a supernatural ability...
Today, finally, something happened that Avril had been waiting for so long: prom. Since she attended a girls' school, they did not have the traditional graduation party for normal schools. But there was a solemn congratulation and a banquet in honor of the graduates.
Avril came to the banquet in a trendy pink dress. But the celebration itself did not arouse her interest. She felt bored. She wanted to look at the new catalog of cosmetics, learn from her mother to control her abilities (which, for obvious reasons, no one else knew) and just think about everything alone with herself. And when the prom was over, she was relieved. She had no other feelings. Just something like: “This part of life is over! Glory to the goddess of love and beauty Geshtinanna! Now a new stage in life begins, much more interesting than the previous one!” She knew that she would continue to communicate with her school friend Minako. And she understood that she would see her eternal rival Ursula at the military academy. After all, they will enter there together.
And now, when all the affairs of this exhausting and long day were over, the girl, at last, could be alone with herself. She sat in her room and felt tired, but at the same time determined to step into the future.
Avril involuntarily looked out the window. It was getting dark. The outlines of two moons have already appeared in the sky, the pink and blue sisters of Geba — Shu and Nut.
She did not yet know what lay ahead of her. And she did not know that now, in the distant city of Mokoshin in the Confederation of the Kingdoms, another girl, Zima, is also full of determination like her.
Neither Zima nor Avril suspected each other's existence. And they did not know that their fates were inextricably linked even before their birth... And soon their paths will cross...

Additional Chapter. From the History Textbook for the Schools of the Confederation of the Kingdoms. The Story of the Ruler of the Light and how the Ten Kingdoms United
Before the Confederation of the Kingdoms emerged in 754 post-Renaissance, now the unified kingdoms were not unified then. These were ten different kingdoms, and each of them had its own rulers: kings, queens, knyazs or knyaginyas[11].
The names of those kingdoms were the same as the kingdoms of our glorious Confederation bear today: Wend, Lutich, Morvian, Ashina, Antro, Kara, Aira, Nisa, Tura, Kunda.
In those distant times, ten kingdoms, which, as it was said earlier, were ruled by their own ruler, suffered because of their stupidity. For the rulers began wars with each other and with the kingdoms that are now part of the Alliance.
Ordinary people suffered hunger and disasters, nobles and shamans had privileges that were often not justified. Especially shamans. For, as everyone knows, they pretended to use magic without formulas, and for a long time retained their influence on the minds of people.
But in 754, a man appeared who changed the world. That was our great Ruler of the Light Svyatozar. He does not grow old and does not die, he is the son of the Goddess of the Earth, the embodiment of our entire planet Geba, and the sun god Hors. With his light and piety, he united all ten kingdoms.
The Ruler of the Light has always been so pious that the previous rulers of the ten kingdoms voluntarily surrendered their powers to him. And all the nobility of the ten kingdoms gave up their privileges. Thus, the class inequality in the ten kingdoms, in the formed Confederation of the Kingdoms, was abolished. Former rulers and nobles became ordinary citizens.
Since then, in the Confederation of the Kingdoms, everyone is equal before the law and has equal opportunity.
In order not to single out anyone and exclude the formation of new families of nobility, all citizens were given serial numbers. Thus, people who did not have surnames before, and who previously had surnames, became equal. And, as everyone knows, in the past, before the formation of the Confederation of the Kingdoms, only nobles and part of the townspeople had surnames.
All ten kingdoms were assigned a region number: 01 — Wend, 02 — Lutich, 03 — Morvian, 04 — Ashina, 05 — Antro, 06 — Kara, 07 — Aira, 08 — Nisa, 09 — Tura, 10 — Kunda.
Also, the Ruler of the Light gave people many technical achievements, medicines, religion — faith in the sun god Hors and the Goddess of the Earth. He introduced free hospitals and schools throughout the Confederation of the Kingdoms. Thanks to medical discoveries under his auspices, the average life expectancy has increased.
With the help of the Ruler of the Light Svyatozar, various spheres of life were reformed. Including magic. Thanks to the policy of education, people have learned that the only true magic is only one that uses generally accepted formulas. And the priests and priestesses who serve the abstract forces of nature, as well as shamans, are charlatans.
Thanks to the merciful disposition of the Ruler of the Light Svyatozar, the persecution and murder of shamans, priests and priestesses of the forces of nature were prohibited. They were given the chance to become honest citizens of the glorious new Confederation of the Kingdoms. And many of them took this opportunity.
The Goddess of the Earth and Hors are merciful to the Ruler of the Light — the arid regions in the Confederation of the Kingdoms are only those that are in the desert climatic zone. That is, the four southern kingdoms: Kara, Aisa, Nisa and Tura. The rest of the kingdoms, since the beginning of his reign, have never experienced severe climatic shocks, such as drought or forest fires. There were no floods or unnecessary rains since the beginning of his glorious reign. And the population of ten kingdoms has increased many times over two hundred years. All this undoubtedly speaks of the greatness and divine nature of the Ruler of the Light.
The Ruler of the Light Svyatozar, as well as the welfare of our glorious Confederation of the Kingdoms, is served by one hundred thousand priestesses blessed by the sun god Hors and the Goddess of the Earth. God Hors and Goddess of the Earth gave them a similar appearance. All one hundred thousand priestesses are beautiful girls with golden hair and golden eyes. Also, they were granted by the gods themselves boundless life energy, which never ends. Thanks to this, the priestesses offer prayers, the energy from which goes to ensure many areas of life in the Confederation of the Kingdoms. That is, their energy is at the heart of many of the Confederation's energy briquettes.
Also, the gods gave the priestesses the ability to rejuvenate. And every time the priestesses turn twenty-five, they become ten-year-old girls again.
Priestesses live in closed temples, into the inner territories of which no outsider is allowed to enter. The priestesses not only offer prayers and perform sacred ceremonies, but they also practice various crafts. For example, many temples contain bakeries, vegetable gardens, weaving and sewing workshops, and more. Some temples own fields (adjacent to the territories of suburban temples) for cultivation. The priestesses provide themselves with most of the things. With the help of the most complex magic formulas that the priestesses can masterfully use, even in small temple territories, they can produce everything they need for their lives. Some of what they produce is sold. Priestesses — faithfully serve our country. They bring tremendous benefits to society by producing energy briquettes. And society does not financially support the priestesses of Hors and the Goddess of the Earth, unlike shamans, priests and priestesses of the forces of nature of ancient times.
Our pious Ruler of the Light Svyatozar is always accompanied by the Priestess of the Moon. She is sacred as well as the Ruler of the Light. Her hair is silver and her face is always veiled. She is the personal assistant and bodyguard of our great Ruler of the Light. He does not disclose to the public either her name or her face. No one knows whether new priestesses are chosen at a certain period of time, or whether she is immortal, like the Ruler of the Light.
But if such is the will of the Ruler of the Light and the Priestess of the Moon herself, so that her personality remains undisclosed, then it should be so.
However, no one can dispute that the Priestess of the Moon uses amazing magic. She is the only one who can use magic without formulas. She is able to heal seriously ill patients, of which there are many confirmed cases.
But the welfare of the Confederation of the Kingdoms has never given rest to the other kingdoms of the Central Continent. Which, in turn, united into the Alliance of the Kingdoms in 844 post-Renaissance.
The Alliance of the Kingdoms oppresses its citizens and uses them in battle to seize the resource-rich and fertile lands of our great Confederation. Because of this, in 856 the post-Renaissance era, an armed conflict began between the Alliance and the Confederation of the Kingdoms.
In the media of the Alliance, insane versions of what is happening are presented, claiming that the magic of our glorious Ruler of the Light Svyatozar is to blame for their difficult environmental situation. The Alliance influences the minds of its citizens in order to further turn them against our glorious Confederation.
In battles with the Alliance, in order to protect the borders of our glorious Confederation of the Kingdoms, many different military equipment is used: aircraft, tanks, magic rifles from which snipers shoot. Various artillery and other pieces of equipment are also used.
But the main striking force in the battles between our Confederation of the Kingdoms and the Alliance is the Mechanical Golems, also known as MeGs. These are huge humanoid robots, the most modern and sophisticated weapons at the moment. It is not so easy to set them in motion, they can be activated with the help of the emotional energy of the Cores — special girls.
It is the greatest honor for a girl to be the Core. This is the highest fulfillment of a civic duty to native Confederation of the Kingdoms. But not all girls can become Cores.
At first glance, it is impossible to determine whether a girl can become the Core or not. Therefore, all girls who enter the army undergo a special test, the so-called ‘Suitability for the Cores’.
During which, with the help of scanners of spiritual energy, it is determined whether the girl has enough of it to become the Core.
On average, from all over the Confederation of the Kingdoms, two or three girls become new Cores a year. Sometimes alone. Sometimes — not one. The so-called ‘Record of Cores’ was established in 923 post-Renaissance. Then five girls passed the ‘Suitability for the Cores’!
Core-Girls are rare. They are blessed by the sun god Hors himself and the Goddess of the Earth to protect our glorious Confederation of the Kingdoms.
These girls are a kind of ‘priestesses’ of our glorious army. Respect the Cores, for they are fighting for the peace and quiet of our glorious Confederation.
All Core-Girls work in tandem with Pilots. The Core-Girls give their energy to the Mechanical Golems, which will not budge without them. And the Pilots — directly control the MeGs.
Only men become Pilots. Pilots don't need a lot of spiritual energy. And they, unlike Cores, can be replaced if necessary.
Every year, ten young cadets are trained in the ranks of the Pilots. But only the most skilled end up working with the Cores. The rest of the young men become the personnel reserve. They continue to practice with MeGs simulators. They also become aviation pilots. For, in parallel with the study of MeGs control, these young cadets are also studying the control of military aircraft.
The MeGs themselves were specially designed by our glorious Ruler of the Light Svyatozar at the beginning of the military conflict with the Alliance. And in 857 post-Renaissance, the first two MeGs passed successful military tests.
The first MeGs were piloted by Core Lipa X-0-1306840-R0210-1 and Pilot Volos Y-0-0305837-R0106-1, Core Eileen X-0-1517841-R0901-1 and Pilot Michael Y-0-0305837-R1015-1. They fought bravely on the side of the Confederation of the Kingdoms and attacked the Alliance military points.
But soon, the Alliance also created the first MeGs, completely copied from ours, and also controlled by Cores and Pilots. There are two versions of how the Alliance was able to create copies of our MeGs. The first version — one of the engineers of our glorious Confederation fell under the pernicious influence of the agents of the Alliance and gave them the secrets of the creation of MeGs. It was not possible to establish the identity of that person. The second version — one of the engineers was originally an agent of the Alliance. But his or her identity, alas, could not be established.
Whichever of these versions turns out to be correct, the Alliance has been able to create MeGs ever since. Since then, battles between our glorious Confederation and the Alliance have often taken place in the form of MeGs battles.
And, of course, the army of our glorious Confederation of the Kingdoms has many other personnel: radio operators, doctors and nurses, home front workers, etc. All of them serve our country in order to keep the peace on its lands and to protect against the Alliance, which oppresses its citizens and wants to seize our beautiful lands.

Epilogue 1. Entering the Military Academy
World of Geba, Confederation of the Kingdoms, Kingdom of Wend, Mokoshin, 954 post-Renaissance
Zima felt tiredness and hopelessness that had accumulated over the past time. Too much has happened in such a short time. First, the sudden death of Vesna. Then there are messages from the late sister, hidden in the children's book ‘Crystal Princess’. This book was still on the shelf in the girl's room. No one else learned about the terrible secret hidden in the old pages of the fairy tale.
After reading the message of Vesna, Zima was confident: her sister was killed. The red dot that she saw on the body of the deceased must have appeared for a reason!
But the girl had no proof. And she understood that she could not discuss this with anyone, despite her acute desire. Even beloved Vera, whom Zima fully trusted, cannot be told about such things. The diary also cannot tell such thoughts...
Zima began keeping a diary in a thick notebook shortly after reading the secret message of her late sister. But the girl wisely wrote only that which could not be misunderstood and did not arouse suspicion. She told the paper how she was stunned by the sudden death of Vesna, how hard and painful it was for her. She wrote how her parents grieve for their eldest daughter, and the journalist's four young children are inconsolable in their grief.
Despite the fact that she could not tell the diary about her suspicions and about the secret message, the statement of her feelings on paper helped Zima to drown out the pain a little. She felt fear that due to the investigation of her sisters, her family could be followed, and therefore diligently behaved as always.
The girl often recalled Vesna's notes about how she met a mysterious black cat, who turned into a priestess, and how he led her deep into the territory of the temple of the god Hors in the city of Aloe Kapishche.
The black cat took the journalist to the old well. The woman went down there with the animal, and the cat opened a secret passage. He and Vesna walked along underground corridors. The four-legged guide opened secret passages several times. And so, he and his companion were in a spacious hall, inside which the woman saw a hundred transparent capsules.
At first, she did not understand what exactly appeared before her gaze, but realizing, she froze in place: inside the capsules, in a greenish jelly-like liquid, one hundred embryos of babies, about two months old, were sleeping. It was impossible to determine what gender these embryos were, and what they would become in the future.
At first, Vesna was not sure if she had seen it or not? But soon the black cat took her outside. And again turning into a golden-eyed maiden, he silently took the journalist to the High Priestess.
The woman mentioned in her message that the cat in the form of a priestess told her: “Help them…”. Surely he meant those embryos!
Vesna in her notes put forward the theory that the priestesses are somehow rejuvenated at the expense of unborn babies. That with the help of some highly developed arcane magic, they raise children in their underground laboratories. And then they make an anti-aging potion out of them.
Of course, on the one hand, this is a crazy version, but on the other hand, there have been rumors for a long time that a dead human body is a powerful source of magical energy. Which is inherently different from what is used in energy briquettes. Allegedly, this is why the bodies of the dead are cremated so that no one can use them as a magical source. And the words about reuniting with the primordial elements are just a fairy tale.
This is what explains the secret of the eternal youth of the priestesses and the Ruler Svyatozar!
Of course, the bodies of the dead are difficult to find. But if there is a secret way to put fertilized eggs in capsules under the temple, then that changes the matter. And cells, for example, can be taken from Hired Mothers and Fathers, as well as military (both boys and girls). After all, they all constantly pass strange medical tests!
... When Zima first read the secret message of Vesna, for a moment it seemed madness to her. But given the circumstances of her sister's death, and how she hid her secret in a children's book, the girl thought about it.
It made her come to her senses, and she was finally able to pull herself together. But the more the girl thought, the more she understood: something did not add up here. She could not explain what exactly, but an inner voice told her: the assumption of Vesna is wrong. After all, even if she saw some embryos in capsules, she did not have any evidence! Simple words, and even an article in a newspaper are not enough to accuse the priestesses and temples of something! And even more so not enough to undermine the foundations of the CK!
And even if Vesna made public information about the secret laboratory, the priestesses of the temple could always say that they were conducting medical research to increase the life of ordinary people. And everyone would believe them. Is it then necessary to kill a journalist so exquisitely? Or did she still have other, more compelling evidence, besides the message in the children's book? Then where are they? Have they been kidnapped from the apartment? Or did girl's sister hide them somewhere? How far did she actually go in her investigation?
Zima was tormented by various thoughts and did not understand: why was Vesna killed? Is it really just for what she saw? And why then after such a long period of time, after the journalist's visit to the Aloe Kapishche? Did the sister have any proof?
Therefore, Zima came up with a more daring idea: what if the priestesses are not really immortal? And there, in capsules, did not the sources for the fictional and scientifically unproven elixir of youth, but new priestesses?
The girl did not know why she thought about it. She had a strange feeling that she just knows this, although it is not clear from where. Therefore, she resolutely suppressed these thoughts.
In any case, there were no answers to the questions. And the more Zima thought about it, the less she understood the killer's motives. The wall of incomprehension in her mind kept growing and growing. What did Vesna really learn?
Either way, it filled the girl with determination. She realized that she must certainly enter the military academy and reach the top in the army in order to find out the truth about the Vesna investigation. Learn the truth about sister's death and who killed her. And if possible, take revenge...
And Zima began to study hard to pass the entrance exams, which, like in other educational institutions, began in the middle of summer.
The girl's parents, Vera and Mira, were delighted to see that she had come to her senses. The friends also studied a lot in order to enter the military academy.
The three of them successfully passed all entrance exams with scores above average. Mira immediately attracted the attention of the admissions committee with her shooting ability. Since the girl entered to study as a sniper, she passed the shooting standards.
Zima and Vera, too, were confident that they would become excellent radio operator and nurse. And they did not think at all about the ‘Suitability for the Cores’, which had to go through all the girls who successfully entered the military academy. And, as it turned out, in vain...
‘Suitability for the Cores’ took place on the day of the final medical examination of future cadets.
It is worth noting that the Confederation of the Kingdoms took the health of the military seriously. All future cadets, before the entrance exams to the military academy, passed physical standards (even applicants who entered the medical profession). If it was possible to successfully pass the standards, future cadets underwent several medical examinations. They were examined by doctors of the admissions committee, measured their height, weight, took blood, took smears from the genitals and from the anus. Each applicant was asked to bring a statement of health from the district clinic, as well as a certificate of all vaccinations. And they definitely did an x-ray to check the condition of the lungs.
If future cadets successfully passed the initial medical examinations, a psychologist talked to them and asked them to fill out special tests. Thus, candidates with psychological deviations were identified. They were not allowed to take the entrance exams for obvious reasons.
And only if the psychological tests were correct, and the psychologist did not see the ‘threat’ and did not ‘doubt’ anything, the cadets were admitted to the entrance exams. Where they once again passed physical standards, mathematics, native speech, Military Training and a number of other subjects. For each specialization in the military academy, these subjects were different. For example, applicants entering the general officer corps took the Confederation of the Kingdoms history exam. Those who wanted to become radio operators passed the basics of technology and communications. And future doctors are the basics of first aid.
Based on the results of the applicants, the admissions committee selected the most talented young men who were sent to study at the Pilot of MeGs. After all, every year a lot of young men entered the military academy for a variety of specialties. If they graduated from a military academy, they must serve in the army by default. Therefore, they were not covered by the two-year Compulsory Conscription.
The young men who were chosen as candidates for Pilots were formally given the right to choose: become a Pilots or go to study, where they had intended earlier. But everyone understood that it was impossible to refuse — otherwise there would be no promotion later. And after graduating from the military academy, such a graduate will be sent to the most remote military unit, where they will be given hard work.
But the boys were given at least the semblance of the right to choose, in contrast to the girls who successfully passed the ‘Suitability for the Cores’. However, most of the girls entering the military academy, and so secretly or openly dreamed of becoming Cores. It promised too many privileges. But, everything has exceptions...
Vera didn't want to become the Core. She wanted to be a nurse, calmly graduate from a military academy, enter the service, and only then, at thirty, marry (which is mandatory by default) to some ordinary officer, medic or radio operator. She dreamed of getting her salary, having access to special stores for the military, where there is no shortage of goods, and having other pleasant benefits. And, of course, always see her beloved Zima.
The girl was never moved by the desire to serve her native Confederation. She just wanted to live calmly and well. Moreover, in order to receive it, she intended to study honestly, and then fulfill her work duties.
Zima used to think in a similar way. But after the death of Vesna, she changed her mind. Oh no, the girl did not intend to enter another specialty! She understood that as a radio operator, she could gain access to important conversations. Although she, as the sister of an ‘uncomfortable’ journalist, will probably be closely watched for a long time...
Zima simply involuntarily thought: “If I could become the Core! Would my chances of obtaining secret information increase then? Would my chance to know the truth about Vesna's death be increased? Although, what am I thinking? It's impossible! The probability that I will pass Professional Suitability is minimal... After all, only a few girls a year become Cores from a huge number of cadets!” 
Therefore, on the day of the final medical examination of the future cadets (after all the entrance exams had been passed), Zima was calm. Vera didn't worry either. Mira was not next to them — future snipers were taking exams and passed the admissions committee office in another building. Although, as girls who entered the military academy, they also had to pass the ‘Suitability for the Cores’.
On that day, everything went on as usual. Zima and Vera were bored at medical examinations that were unpleasant in their opinion. They were especially unpleasant from the comments of the gynecologist, who said to some girls:
“Watch your health further! Then after thirty you will give birth without problems! And don't forget to keep track of your period!” 
Or:
“Your hips are narrow... Well, nothing! Our medicine is the best in the world! And with such hips you will give birth after thirty!” 
And, of course, there was the most typical dialogue that often took place between gynecologists and girls suffering from painful periods:
“After childbirth — the pain will disappear!” the doctors said confidently.
“But it didn’t work out for my mother…” some girls answered.
“If you give birth to two or three, then everything will surely pass!” 
“But my mother's pain did not go away even after the third birth...” 
“So something else hurts her!” 
The unshakable confidence of gynecologists sometimes amazed...
Zima at her gynecological examination heard that she needed to gain some weight in order to give birth without any problems in the future. And Vera was once again told about her narrow hips and the best medicine in the world.
When all the medical examinations were finally completed, the woman from the admissions committee took the girls-cadets to a separate room, where they had to undergo ‘Suitability for the Cores’. The woman from the admissions committee was worried: in many cities of the Confederation, checks had already passed. But so far not a single Core has been found.
Vera and Zima calmly awaited their turn in the corridor. They talked about some trifles, about exams, and how they dream of becoming a nurse and radio operator, in order to ‘serve the Confederation of the Kingdoms’.
From the office, where the ‘Suitability for the Cores’ took place, various saddened girls came out. After all, they all, secretly or openly, dreamed of becoming Cores. But, alas, they did not pass the test...
Finally, Zima's turn came: a middle-aged nurse called her into the office.
“Good luck,” Vera smiled. She had to go after the friend.
Zima nodded, realizing that Vera meant: “Even if the chance is not high, but let it not come true”. To some extent, she understood Vera's feelings. After all, after graduating from the military academy, the Cores could equally well be distributed to a military garrison within the country, or could be sent to the front line. And fighting on the front lines in MeGs is extremely risky! This is not a nurse or radio operator. Even if they were sent to the war zones, they had fewer risks to their lives by profession.
On the other hand, Zima involuntarily remarked to herself: “If I suddenly became the Core, would there be more opportunities for me to learn about the death of Vesna?” But she immediately dropped these thoughts. And she went into the office...
Inside the office, the girl saw a strange leather chair, on the back and arms, which were attached to various sensors. Nearby stood an apparatus resembling a computing machine, about which so much has been talked about lately in various programs on the Cryst-lens. But unlike a computing machine, it was covered with magic symbols, and several crystal scales were visible on it.
An elderly man in a doctor's uniform stood next to the mysterious device.
“Have a seat,” the nurse said to Zima, pointing to a chair.
She sat down. The nurse fixed the girl's hands on the arm of the chair with special straps. Then she took out a helmet with wires from the closet in the corner of the room. The male doctor took what looked like a medical record and clarified, just in case:
“Zima X-0-2212938-R0101?” 
“Yes,” she answered shortly.
“Don't move,” meanwhile the nurse ordered, placing the helmet on the ‘patient's’ head.
Zima immediately felt its cold weight. The view was blocked by the ‘visor’ of the helmet, reaching the middle of the nose. Then the girl felt the nurse attaching some kind of suction cups to her neck and wrists. And she heard the creak of a pen — the doctor began to take notes and said:
“Well, let's check you out.” 
Zima heard him approach the computing machine, and then there were clicks of buttons and levers being switched on. After that, a buzz was heard, and the girl felt a tingling sensation in those places where the nurse attached the suction cups. The helmet warmed up and also emitted a low hum.
“The switch went well,” the doctor commented languidly. “I start checking...” 
He pressed something else, and Zima felt that the tingling sensation intensified, the helmet became hotter, and the buzz became louder.
“Is that how it should be?” she mused. Suddenly the doctor exclaimed in amazement:
“What? I do not believe! Such high rates! This cannot be! There are no abnormalities in the medical record!” 
Zima at first did not even understand: what is he talking about? The nurse, meanwhile, was fidgeting. She and the doctor talked using some complicated medical terms. Both medics were clearly overexcited. Then the nurse, slamming the door, ran out of the office, and soon returned, accompanied by several people. Apparently, these were other doctors and members of the admissions committee. The girl wanted to ask what was happening, when suddenly the doctor shouted excitedly:
“We have the Core! Perfect Core! With a huge indicator of energy!” 
Zima froze for a moment, but quickly realized that she had a rare chance. And she smiled faintly…
To be continued...

In Book 2: where did Olivier go? The appearance of Kaiser Wilhelm and the story of the deity Thoth!

Excerpts from the Book 2:
...At the sight of Olivier, the ruler of Seltsam, ‘Mad Artist’, smiled. And he began to speak in a soft voice. He spoke in the language of Lutetia with a slight accent that he really admires Olivier as an engineer. And therefore, ordered to bring him to the Castle in the Forest.
Unable to contain his righteous indignation, Mr. Edelweiss cried out:
“Your Majesty Kaiser Wilhelm! Even if you are the ruler of Seltsam, this does not give you the right to abduct and castrate people!” 
“Of course not,” Wilhelm replied in surprise. “Therefore, no one knows about this place. You and other scientists will live here until old age and engage in science for the benefit of my great Kingdom of Seltsam...”
***
... Avril did not immediately realize that something was wrong with the aircraft, but only when she heard Ivars' voice in the dynamics:
“Blizzard-15, you are deviating from the previously planned course. And the speed is higher than necessary!” 
“Off course? But the navigator shows that everything is correct. And the speed, too, seems to be in order...” the girl was surprised.
“Blizzard-15, check your navigation devices again! Tell me what they show!” 
“Yes sir! Speed...” Avril named the speed and coordinates of the course.
Ivars listened carefully. There was silence in the dynamics for a while. The girl wanted to ask what was happening, as the Head of the Test Flight Department said:
“Your words are correct. However, our locators show that your speed is higher and you are deviating more and more from the course. Probably with the prototype problem.” 
“What are the directions?” Ms. Edelweiss felt frightened involuntarily. But realizing that panic would not help her, she tried to control herself.
“Blizzard-15, listen carefully. Try to slow down and correct course according to my instructions.”
***
And then, Thoth heard someone say to him:
“Wake up and realize yourself, Thoth. You are now the Guardian of this planet. Love its and take care of its, develop life on its. Meet with other Guardians of this Planetary System, or, as some civilizations sometimes call it, the Solar System. Share your experience with each other. May the life that you help to be born flourish!” 
After that, Thoth felt a pleasant warmth: as if someone dear, and filled with endless love, stroked his head. And then it was someone nudged him lightly on the shoulder...
***
All the time that he spent on his planet, Thoth wanted to see the other Guardians and talk to them. But now that they appeared before him, he did not know how he should behave.
Meanwhile, the Guardians came to his aid, speaking first:
“I am Atum,” said the golden-skinned woman. “I am the Guardian of the first planet from the local Sun.” 
“I am Tefnut,” said the girl with dark short hair. “I am the Guardian of the third planet from the local Sun.” 
“And what is your name?” they asked with one voice.
“I am Thoth...” was the confused answer. “I am the Guardian of this second planet.” 
His words sounded confused and uncertain. For the first time in so many centuries, he felt shyness and embarrassment. This was the first time he spoke with someone intelligent and like him.
***
“Geba...” Thoth said to himself. “While the visitors are looking around here, I want to see her in reality. She must be on their ship, in the golden disc.” 
Thoth, invisible to guests from the depths of space, walked past them. And went inside their golden ship. There he found himself in a spacious room with doors. From the memories of the alien souls, the Guardian knew that behind one door was the navigation room, behind the others were the crew quarters, utility rooms and the entrance to the lower deck. And already on the lower deck, inside a shard of crystal, Geba sleeps in eternal sleep…

Glossary
Character and Confederation names:
In the novel, the characters of the Confederation of the Kingdoms have Slavic names.
- Zima — the name means ‘Winter’. The main character has a symbolic reference to the Slavic goddess of winter and the death of Mara. Therefore, she has black hair, pale skin and blue eyes to emphasize the ‘winter look’. She was born on the winter solstice. Her true form is White Fox. The image of the Fox was chosen for a reason, because in Russian folk tales, foxes are cunning, smart and curious creatures. To maintain the ‘winter’ look, the Fox has a white hair.
- Vesna — her name means ‘Spring’. She was born on the day of the vernal equinox.
- Vuc — is an old Slavic name, means ‘Wolf ‘.
- Vera — her name means ‘Faith’
- Mira — her name means ‘Peaceful’
- Boyan — his name means ‘Storyteller’. The name comes from an old verb meaning ‘to speak’, ‘to tell’
- Beryoza — her name means ‘Birch’
- Romashka — the name means ‘Chamomile’
- Goven — old male Slavic name
- Iskren — his name means ‘Sincere’
- Goritsa — old Slavic female name
- Svyatozar — the name means ‘Light’
- Chernysh — the name means ‘Black’. In the Russian-speaking space, this is sometimes called dogs and cats with black hair. Animals with red hair are called ‘Ryzhik’ (red), and with white hair — ‘Belyash’ (white) or ‘Snowball’.
- Mokoshin is the capital of the Confederation of the Kingdoms. The name is from the name of the Slavic goddess, Mokosh. The goddess Mokosh was the goddess of fertility, spinning and fate.
- Aloe Kapishche — a city in the novel. The word ‘kapishche’ means a sanctuary among the ancient Slavs, a place of worship.
- Rain Square is the main square of Mokoshin. The name symbolically indicates the goddess of fertility, Mokosh (rain and water, as one of the components of a rich harvest in ancient cultures).
- The Confederation of the Kingdoms consists of ten kingdoms. Each of them was assigned a region number: 01 — Wend, 02 — Lutich, 03 — Morvian, 04 — Ashina, 05 — Antro, 06 — Kara, 07 — Aira, 08 — Nisa, 09 — Tura, 10 — Kunda. Kara, Aisa, Nisa и Tura — traditional arid kingdoms, which are located in the desert climatic zone.
- Compulsory Conscription — conscription of adult men into the army for two years. For girls, military service is voluntary.
- Conf is the currency of the Confederation. The name is from ‘conf’ from the word Confederation.
- Cryst-lens — in the world of the novel is a magic analogue of TV. They are made from Moon Tear Crystal or glass (budget options).
- Special Districts of the city of Mokoshin — streets where civil servants, public figures, cultural figures, eminent engineers, etc. live.
- Biolastic is an analogue of ordinary plastic in the world of the novel, made from the resins of volcanoes. Easily recyclable.
- Lavoviks — lava miners

Symbolism and references to mythology:
The names of the ‘deities’ of the planets in the novel are taken from ancient Egyptian mythology.
- Thoth is the ancient Egyptian god of knowledge and wisdom. In the novel, the ‘deity’ of the planet, its personification. He has nothing to do with Thoth from ancient Egyptian mythology.
- The Black Cat and the Black Raven are the embodiments of Thoth's feelings, his Sympathy and Wish to Keep Balance. Thoth is a mystical character, ‘deity’ of the planet, its personification. The images of the Black Cat and the Black Raven are chosen to emphasize his mystical image. Because in the Middle Ages, in Europe, cats and ravens were considered companions of witches.
- Hors is the sun god in Slavic mythology. In the novel, too, the sun god.
- Chernobog — in Slavic mythology, a dark deity, the god of the underworld.
- Geshtinanna is a goddess in Sumerian mythology, a scribe and interpreter of dreams. Daughter of Enki and Ninhursag, sister of Dumuzid (husband of the goddess of fertility and love Inanna). In the novel, the goddess of love and beauty.
- Ninurta is the god of war and thunder in the Sumerian mythology.
- Goddess of the Earth is the goddess of the earth in the novel, the embodiment of the planet Geba. A reference to the Damp Mother Earth, the Slavic goddess of the earth and the mother of all living beings.
- Geba — the name of the character comes from the name of the ancient Egyptian god of the earth, Geb. Geb was the son of the goddess Tefnut and the god Shu (the god of air). In the novel, it is a female name and a female character. In honor of her, the planet is named, which is patronized by Thoth. From there came the name of the world — ‘World of Geba’, that is, ‘planet Geba’.
- Shu is the ancient Egyptian god of air. In the novel, the name of one of the satellites, ‘sisters’, the planet Geba, an analogue of the Moon.
- Nut is the ancient Egyptian goddess of the sky, daughter of Shu and Tefnut, sister and wife of god Geb. In the novel, the name of one of the satellites, ‘sisters’, the planet Geba, an analogue of the Moon.
- Ra is the ancient Egyptian sun god. In the novel, the name of the sun in the solar system in which the planet Geba is located.

Terms:
Kaiser — male Germanic title of monarch, corresponding to the emperor
Kaiserin — female Germanic title, corresponding to the Empress

Surnames and identification numbers in the Confederation:
The inhabitants of the Confederation did not have surnames; they all had identification numbers. The first letter indicates gender. X is female and Y is male. The second digit, 0 or 1, indicates marital status. 0 — meant that the woman or man is not married. For married people, the number of marital status changes from 0 to 1. The next numbers are the date of birth. For example, the date of birth of Zima is December 22, 938 post-Renaissance.
The numbers following the R represent the region and city of birth. For example, Zima was born in the first region of the Confederation of the Kingdoms, Wend, and in the first city of that region, in the capital Mokoshin. Therefore, her region number was 0101. Thus, Zima got the identification number X-0-2212938-R0101. For military personnel, an additional digit 1 appears in the identification number. For example, the Zima number in the Core status is X-0-2212938-R0101-1.

[1] Slavic name means ‘Winter’. You can read about the meaning of other names in the Glossary at the end of the book.
[2] Slavic name. The name means ‘Winter’ in Polish, Slovenian, Slovak, Russian, Czech and Croatian. The meanings of other names can be found in the Glossary.
[3] Cryst-lens is a magical analogue of TV in the world of the novel.
[4] In the world of the novel, it tells about a fictional world where the development of humanity took a different path. And faux fur isn't good enough to protect people in cold winters. That is, in the world of the novel, people are forced to prefer natural fur to artificial fur, because they do not have good artificial alternatives.
[5] In the past, in some countries, children in primary school returned home from school on their own. That is, their parents did not take them out of school. In such cases, children wore a ‘key around their neck’ — a string with a key to a house or apartment, like a medallion. This was done so that the key was not lost.
[6] Zelyonka — Brilliant green, synthetic aniline dye of the triphenylmethane series. Received in Germany in 1879. Also has antiseptic properties. As an antiseptic for external use, brilliant green is used in Russia and the countries of the former USSR.
[7] Carbol fuchsin is a drug with antiseptic and antifungal effects. Has a bright crimson color. Sometimes it is produced without the addition of fuchsin, and looks like a clear liquid.
[8] Aloe Kapishche — the name means ‘Scarlet Temple’. A kapishche is a pagan temple or a place of worship among the ancient Slavs.
[9] Ammonia — in some countries it is used for medical purposes (for example, it is given to sniff to remove from a fainting state) and for household needs.
[10] Pelerine is a small cape that covers the shoulders.
[11] The knyaz is the ruler of the ancient Slavs. The knyaginya is the wife of the knyaz or the ruler of the ancient Slavs.
