OTHER WORLDS
A Collection of
Science Fiction and Fantasy
Joseph J. Madden

Copyright 2019 Joseph J. Madden
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or used in any manner without written permission of the copyright owner except for the use of quotations in a book review.

This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events or locales is purely coincidental.
Table of Contents
A Note From The Author
Wormhole
The Gift
A New Addition to the Family
Tainted Love
Fast Friends
On Dragons Wings
The Dragon Thief
The Counsel of Dragons
Leaving the Farm
Meeting Lohren
Play Time
Afterword
About the Author

Dedication
For Glen A. Larson (1937-2014) whose television shows Battlestar Galactica and Buck Rogers in the 25th Century inspired endless hours of play for me as a child
And for Leonard Nimoy (1931-2015) who was one of the first to make me look to the stars.
A Note from the Author
Considering the content of the stories set within, an outsider might think Other Worlds an apt title for a collection of short science fiction and fantasy tales.
To those more familiar with me, they may think my original title idea, Brain Droppings, would be more appropriate. Unfortunately, (or maybe, fortunately), the late, great George Carlin already used that title for one of his books, and perhaps the world is a better place for it. Soo…Other Worlds it is.
I make no excuses or explanations for the tales contained within, other than years of pent up imagery rattling around in the brain of an overgrown kid trapped in an adult body, fed by a childhood of Saturday morning cartoons, science fiction conventions, Disney vacations, and candy—lots and lots of candy.
To those familiar with my novel The Starhawk Chronicles (SHAMELESS PLUG), some of these worlds will be familiar as I offer a few new looks into that universe, which I later plan on shamelessly editing into a prequel novel to make you think you are reading something fresh and exciting. (Bwahahaha! Mine is an evil laugh!) 
Wormhole

This is the first actual short story I wrote as an adult, and probably the deepest, most thought-provoking piece of science fiction I have ever written. Possibly as close to Arthur C. Clarke or Isaac Asimov as I will ever get.


As its umbilicals disconnected with a jolt, the prototype hyperspace starship Yeager dropped away from the support tender and floated free in space.
At the controls, Major Christi Thom surveyed her readouts. “All systems showing green,” she reported. “Everything looks good from this end, Control.”
“We copy that, Major,” The controller aboard McKinley Station replied. “You are go for pre-test maneuvers.”
“Roger that.” She threw a wave out her cockpit window at McKinley: a wasted gesture, since McKinley was three kilometers distant, but it was part of her routine.
Another voice cut in on her helmet speaker. “Godspeed, Christi. See you when you get home. First round is on me.” This was Jim Matthews, pilot of Yeager’s support tender. The tender ship continued to fill the view above her as it began to move away.
 “Thanks, Jim,” Christi smiled. “And thanks for the vote of confidence.”
She was truly grateful for that. Her historic first flight was actually the third attempt at a manned faster-than-light spaceflight. The initial unmanned flights had gone off without incident, flying out from Earth to Saturn in a matter of minutes. Enthusiasm ran high for a future of interstellar spaceflight.
The phrase “Man plans and God laughs” once again held true. Man’s great plans were dashed the moment a live pilot was placed inside the cockpit. XP-1 exploded as soon as its faster-than-light engines—dubbed the “Wormhole drive”— were brought online. Little more than dust remained of the ship and its pilot.
Eighteen months and another successful unmanned test flight later, XP-2 was launched. This time the flight looked to be a success, until the time came for the ship to revert to normal space. XP-2 dropped out of hyperspace, and promptly tore itself apart.
That had been two years ago. Christi had trained for XP-2 with pilot Bill Chiang and was to be his backup should he become incapacitated. What still gave her nightmares wasn’t the fact that she could have been the one killed, or that Bill’s body had never been recovered. It was the fact that pilots who ran shuttles to and from the mining colonies on Saturn’s moons reported that they could still hear his screams over their comm units months after the incident.
On the eve of his flight, a reporter interviewing Bill had asked him why a husband and father of four would attempt such a risky endeavor. Bill had replied in his usual to-the-point style.
“Risk is inconsequential. Each and every one of us is at risk every moment of our lives. You could step outside your home and get struck by lightning, or slip and break your neck in the shower. The only reason people take note of the risks on a mission like this is because it’s big news to everyone watching. Risk is all around us. The only time you’re truly safe is when you’re dead.
“Without risk, we wouldn’t be where we are today. The first life on Earth took the risk of venturing from the oceans to try life on land. Columbus risked disaster by crossing the Atlantic to the Americas. Armstrong risked leaving the safety of his lunar lander to walk on the moon. The risk we take with this mission, whether successful or not, will propel us, even marginally, toward the next stage of our evolution as a race.
“Without risk,” Bill summed up, “we wouldn’t even exist. So there’s no point in worrying about the risk. It’s always been there. We just have to face it.”
By the next afternoon, Bill would be dead, and the program, already teetering on the brink of being discontinued, was put on hold once more. More unmanned flights were run, all successful, with only minor glitches. Despite much controversy, construction had begun on the third, manned hyperspace ship. And Christi had been chosen as pilot.
And so now she sat in the cockpit of XP-3, waiting to face the risk. She had christened the ship the Yeager, thinking that using a real name, other than the ship’s technical designation, might bring her a touch more luck.  In her younger years, Chuck Yeager had been her idol, and the reason she had become a test pilot in the first place. Inwardly she wondered if years from now, she might serve as the inspiration for future generations of space explorers. 
As the countdown continued, she ran through her pre-flight checklist for the umpteenth time since she had climbed aboard. That damned fuel monitor light was still glowing red and she tapped it several times with her finger until it reverted to normal. “State of the art,” she mumbled aloud.
Her eyes fell upon the lenticular photo of her husband Graham and their four year old son Benjamin that she had wedged onto the instrument panel. Her checklist momentarily forgotten, Christi gazed into her son’s coffee brown eyes and had a flash of honest fear. The thought that something could go wrong and Benny would be left motherless was so great at that moment, she seriously thought of aborting the mission. To Hell with science, she thought. To Hell with knowledge and expanding human boundaries. I want to play ball with my boy.
“T-minus ninety seconds,” the voice of the controller aboard McKinley Station startled Christi from her inner ranting.
“Confirm, Control,” she replied, her voice shaky with the sudden surprise.
Despite her misgivings, she was still surprised to find her hands shaking as he brought the Wormhole Drive online, and knew it was not from the vibration of the engines. Closing her eyes, Christi drew in a deep breath. When she released it, her hands were steady once more.
The controller aboard McKinley called off the sixty-second mark. Christi’s hand unconsciously went to the crucifix she wore around her neck; the one Graham had given to her on their first anniversary. Though her flight suit and gloves blocked her from actually touching it, the pressure of it pressing against her breastbone was reassuring and gave her some degree of comfort.
At thirty seconds, the slightest tremors of panic began to set in, like the feeling of being aboard one of those old-style wooden roller coasters just as it was about to crest the top of the highest drop. This was no roller coaster; it was the real deal, and the adrenaline rush was unlike anything Christi had ever felt before. Her hands were tingling, and she could actually hear the blood rushing through her veins. She didn’t know if she would break out in giddy, hysterical laughter or begin sobbing uncontrollably.
“Fifteen seconds,” A new voice came through the speakers. It was the Wormhole project director, Samantha Dovonovich, the woman who had developed the Wormhole Drive. Christi had expected to hear from her. There was no way Sami Dovonovich would let this moment go by without saying something quotable for the history books. “Good luck and Godspeed, Major Christi Thom.”
Christi had hoped she would say something different. Sami had said those same words to the last two pilots just before their missions went awry. It was like a bad omen.
Ten seconds. I shouldn’t have eaten breakfast. Christi mentally ticked off with the countdown clock. As it struck one, she heard herself, as if from a great distance, whisper “No, wait!” Then the universe exploded around her.
Not in the literal sense, of course. The flash from the Wormhole Drive was blinding, even through the polarized cockpit windows. The ship bucked, Christi was jammed back into her seat, and the stars went from pinpricks to elongated shafts, which then transformed into a swirling vortex of light. The “wormhole” had opened.
The sensation was dazzling. The vortex changed through every color of the spectrum before it collapsed inward on itself, the starlines flattening into a single horizontal shaft of light before exploding again into the vortex.
Christi glanced at the ship’s chronometer. She was already one minute into what was to be a five minute voyage. All control lights showed green. Thus far, this test was more of a success than the two previous flights. Please, please let this be the one where everything goes right.
Then something through the viewshield caught her attention. It was a light, brighter than the star shafts surrounding her ship. It was softly strobing, or was it spinning? Then a too familiar thought piqued in her mind.
The light at the end of the tunnel. The one that calls you to Heaven.
Panic began to engulf her as the light grew larger as the Yeager closed in on it. She stabbed a finger at the abort switch, found it inoperative. Grabbing the control yoke, she gave it a sharp jerk back in her direction, realizing full well that performing such a maneuver could result in the Yeager destroying itself, much as Bill Chiang’s ship had.
Christi did not care. Every fiber of her being screamed at her not to enter into that softly beckoning light.
Her concern was futile. The control yoke responded exactly as the abort switch had. Absolutely no response.
The light was so close now that it completely filled her cockpit windows. A final image flashed through her mind, that of little Benny standing next to her empty, flag-draped casket as it was lowered into a false grave.
I’m so sorry, Baby, she called out to him across the universe as the light engulfed her, sweeping away Yeager’s cockpit. She shut her eyes, and gave herself over to it.

Her eyes opened once again, and when they focused, Yeager’s cockpit had disappeared. She was floating free of restraints, surrounded by a surreal pearlescent mist, intensely bright, yet not blinding. There was no sensation of direction or movement; no sense of up or down. She imagined the sensation was akin to that of a feather set adrift in the middle of a cloud.
Yep. I’m dead, she thought.
“No, you’re not dead, Major,” a voice replied, proceeding to answer her next, unspoken question. “And no, this is not Heaven. You are very much alive.”
Christi’s sense of direction was still askew. She had no way of telling where the voice had come from. There was a vaguely familiar tonality to the voice, and something told her she knew it from somewhere, but it was different enough that she could not nail down a definite face with it.
“Who’s there?” she called. “Who are you?”
“Our true name would be quite unpronounceable to you,” the voice came back. “In the interest of keeping things simple, you may call us Watchers.”
“And you’ve been watching…me?” Christi asked, confused. She had a vaguely creepy feeling up and down her spine, like someone was watching her in the shower.
The voice sounded amused. “We have been watching your people. A most interesting race, you humans are. No matter what system you are from, you all develop along the same lines.”
Christi’s head was swimming. “Are you saying that there are other humans out there already? On other worlds?”
When it replied, the Watcher’s voice sounded as surprised as her own. “Of course. There are billions of you out there, scattered like stars across the cosmos. Quite a tenacious race. You all seem to thrive on adversity. No matter how great the setback you always continue to push ever onward.”
At this, a thought occurred to her, and again the Watcher answered before she could give voice to the question. “No, we are not responsible for the loss of your other two craft. As our name implies, we merely observe. We take no action, directly or indirectly. It would be vain of us to think we have a right to interfere in another race’s destiny. Your mistakes are yours to make freely, otherwise you could never truly mature as a race.”
The voice altered, became more familiar now. “The risk we take with this mission, whether successful or not, will propel us, even marginally, toward the next stage of our evolution as a race.”
A figure came into view through the mists, spectral at first, then, like the voice, became much more familiar. “Without risk,” Bill Chiang said as he faced Christi, “we wouldn’t even exist. So there’s no point in worrying about the risk. It’s always been there. We just have to face it.”
“Such wise words,” the Bill simulacrum added after a pause, “and so true. Your people have risked much.”
Christi saw images begin to flash in the mists all around them. Columbus’ ships crossing the Atlantic. Charles Lindbergh’s solo flight. Yeager’s Glamorous Glennis breaking the sound barrier. Armstrong stepping onto the moon.
She saw her ship as it entered hyperspace.
“And there is much more risk ahead. We see great triumphs for your people, but also great tragedy.”
More images flashed, less familiar to her now. Christi saw more starships, far larger than hers voyaging through space, their crews making contact with other races. Colonies being established on unfamiliar worlds.
A singular image caught her attention. A planet in flames. Was it Earth? The image passed too quickly, replaced by a blazing battle in space; massive starships exchanging fire with one another. Humans and alien beings fighting and dying.
“But always will you persevere.”
The first images returned, of starships of all designs leaping into hyperspace, flinging themselves far into the void.
Christi turned back to the simulation of Bill Chiang. “So it is worth the risk.”
Chiang smiled. “Now our time here is done.”
He turned as if to leave. Christi reached for his arm, her hand passing through it. “Wait,” she cried, “Is that all?”
Another smile. “We have watched you long enough. It is time for us to move on, to begin watching other, less advanced civilizations. We are pleased with your progress.”
“But I have so many questions,” 
“And you will have to find the answers on your own.”
The image of Bill Chiang flickered, going out of focus, morphing. The next form the Watcher took was known to her as well, but it was not of any being she knew from experience. The gray skin. Large, dark, expressionless eyes. Skeletal limbs. Christi had seen beings like this before, in science fiction movies, on television documentaries.
In her dreams.
Now she felt the voice more than heard it. Farewell Major Christi Thom. We shall not meet again.
The Watcher disappeared in a brilliant flash of light and Christi shut her eyes against the glare.

When the flash spots had cleared from her vision, Christi found herself back inside Yeager’s cockpit. The Wormhole Drive had shut down automatically as it had been programmed to, and she could see Saturn out her port window, its rings reflecting the faint light of the far off sun. All the interior monitors were glowing their tranquil green. The test had been successful.
According to the countdown clock, only four minutes and forty five seconds had elapsed since she had blacked out. No, that’s not right. It wasn’t a blackout. It was. . .
It had to be a dream, Christi shook her head to clear away the cobwebs.
The motion made her realize that her headset had somehow slipped off and she quickly repositioned it. The McKinley controller was all but shouting through the earpiece. “Major Thom? Can your hear me? Can you hear me, Major Thom?”
Christi’s throat was suddenly dry as she croaked a response. “McKinley station, this is the Yeager. Happy to report that ship and pilot are doing fine.”
The resultant shouts of joy coming over the headset nearly deafened her, and she scrambled to pull the unit off again. As she did, she caught a glimmer of movement out of the corner of her eye. At first she thought it was her imagination–that her eyes were playing tricks on her as some residual effect of the hyperspace jump–but as she turned to look, she saw it was definitely something more than space dust.
It was a ship, kilometers distant, but still visible enough to be made out by the naked eye. It was an elongated disc, spinning slowly, and moving steadily away. It accelerated suddenly, lights flickering off, then back on briefly before streaking off into the void.
A galactic wink of the eye? Christi wondered, smiling inwardly at the notion. So I didn’t dream the whole thing.
She replaced her headset again. The ruckus on the other end had died down. “Major Thom,” McKinley control was saying. “We read you as go for the return flight. Do you concur?”
Christi paused before replying, gazing out the window to where she had last seen the Watcher ship. She winked back.
“Affirmative, McKinley station,” Major Christi Thom replied as she turned her ship onto its return vector. “I’m coming home.”


The original idea for this came from listening to David Bowie’s Space Oddity. The reference is so blatant that if you don’t pick it up, you obviously were born later than the Seventies, or were living on a remote island for a very long time.

The Gift

This is one of those silly little stories that just seem to pop up out of nowhere. Staring at the skyline through the window of my local library’s reading room on a bright, sunny January day, I suddenly wondered what effect the arrival of a UFO would have on our small city. Then I wondered who would be their first point of contact. I liked the idea of a young girl, old enough to be wary, but still young enough as to not be threatening to the new visitors, and in my mind, my daughter MacKenzie, then in fourth grade, fit the bill nicely. It is she that I pictured when writing this tale.
The most important question then arose of exactly why aliens would choose a smaller city like Sheboygan, Wisconsin, to make first contact. A smaller city would make more sense, if visitors wanted to make a quick social call without attracting a large military response. 
And, of course, those in charge would question the visitors’ purpose in being there in the first place, which might be considered wise…

The children at play in the schoolyard that early Friday morning looked up in awe as the saucer descended from out of the cool azure sky. All activity ceased as the ship drew nearer and the children stared in wide-eyed wonder realizing that it was about to set down on the athletic field adjacent to their building.
The teachers on recess duty that day tried to stem the flow of curious children from racing to meet the ship as it settled to the ground so feather light it barely disturbed the dust. Like lemmings, the children rushed through the gap in the cyclone fencing, sometimes three or more wide, jamming the exit until the push of students from behind popped them through like a cork from a bottle.
They gathered all around the gleaming silver disc, not knowing what to expect. Little eyes gazing in quiet wonder at this object from the stars, wondering and waiting for something to happen.
They did not have long to wait.
A sudden pop and hiss preceded the ship splitting in half like a shelled walnut. The abrupt sound and action caused a number of children to jump. The majority of them took a cautious step back.
By the time the two aliens emerged, a lone child, a little girl, remained where she stood. All others had shied back several yards. With a curious lilt of her head, she watched the new arrivals all but unfold themselves from their craft until they stood nearly three times her height, all legs and arms, with curiously small heads and large, dark eyes.
The girl watched, not at all afraid, nor aware of the fact that all her friends, schoolmates and teachers had by now retreated to the imagined safety on the opposite side of the cyclone fence. She adjusted her glasses and took a step forward.
The aliens finished their unfolding and looked down at the lone girl, blinking their large, dark eyes inquisitively at her as she did the same. The first alien smiled at her, obviously charmed by her lack of fear. Her friends continued to remain behind the fence.
“I bring you greetings, little human. I am Zakkdahr.” It gestured to its companion, who also smiled and raised a spindly hand in recognition. “This is Grot. We come to you as visitors from the Zagnut galaxy. We have been instructed by our most esteemed Imperious Leader to come to you and present a gift to the first human we meet.”
At these words, the one called Grot produced a box of multi-colored crystal that seemed to radiate with some luminous energy from within. The young girl’s eyes grew wide at the sight of it.
Taking the box from Grot, Zakkdahr continued. “You are a most fortunate race to receive a gift like this. This gift will put an end to all your world’s troubles. Please accept it as a token of friendship from our people.”
He extended the box to the little girl who hesitated, but upon seeing the disarming smile on Zakkdahr’s face, took a tentative step forward and took it from him. She seemed momentarily surprised by the lack of weight for its size, nearly dropping it before compensating.
Zakkdahr smiled again. “I am sorry to say that we must leave you now. We have other worlds to visit upon which we wish to honor with our gifts. Please, use it wisely.”
Grot was already folding himself back into the ship as Zakkdahr turned and began walking back to the craft. Just before entering, he paused and looked back. “One thing of note.” He called back to the little girl, who was already being crowded by schoolmates now that they were leaving. All stopped and listened intently. “Please do not activate the gift before we are out of your planet’s atmosphere, as its power has a tendency to interfere with our drive systems. Once we are out of sight, feel free to activate it.”
He began that curious folding motion of his body again, and was soon in his seat next to Grot. Both waved to the crowd as it drew closer. “And now, farewell.”
The ship sealed itself again, seams melding together to form a single, flawless surface. With the barest whisper of sound, the craft lifted from the schoolyard, pivoting at an angle perpendicular to the ground once it was above the treetops, and thrust itself into the sky, disappearing from sight within seconds.
By the time the ship had vanished, the entire population of the schoolyard had gathered around the little girl with the box. As her friends egged her on, she lifted the lid, multicolored lights emanating from it like the rainbow of the Lord’s promise. Inside was a single button.
The girl looked from the button to the crowd around her, and back to the button. Smiling, she pressed it.

Zakkdahr and Grot howled with glee as they watched Earth disintegrate from a safe distance. Their ship rocked gently, like a boat bobbing on the sea, as the last of the shockwave reached them.
“Humans,” Zakkdahr crowed, wiping moist remains of tears of laughter from his eyes. “They blow up so easily!”
Beside him, Grot was a rolling mass of uncontrolled giggling, which only caused Zakkdahr to laugh more. Then the comm system sounded.
Both of them stopped laughing, sharing worried glances, holding their breath.
When the comm sounded again, Zakkdahr reached a trembling hand forward and switched on the receiver. A hologram appeared in the air before them, a being like themselves, but older. “ZAKKDAHR!!! Have you been blowing up planets again?”
Zakkdahr struggled to find words, but the older alien cut him off. “How many times have I told you not to go around blowing up lesser civilizations just because you think it’s funny?”
“But how did you…”
“It wasn’t hard to figure out it was you. I followed the debris trail. Plus, your little prank on Hargus Minor failed. The residents there pointed the two of you out.”
“But…Father…”
The elder waved his words away. “We will speak of this more when you get home. And if you think I’m upset, just wait until your mother finds out.” He turned his gaze to Grot. “As for you, Grot Maagus, I wouldn’t be surprised if your father removes your entire spleen this time, and don’t think I won’t tell him!”
In the seat next to Zakkdahr, Grot fainted dead away.


My wife said she was “appalled” upon reading this. I knew then that I had gotten this one right.
A New Addition to the Family
A STARHAWK Tale

From the “lost” files of The Starhawk Chronicles comes this tale of how Podo came to live with the Forster family, only briefly hinted at in that book.


The wreckage of the passenger liner Star of Corrill started glowing with incandescence as the once great ship kissed the atmosphere of Drellis Major.
“What a mess,” Thom Forster said as he guided the Starhawk through the debris field. Navigation was treacherous. Smaller chunks of debris disintegrated harmlessly against the shields, but other pieces were as big as, or larger than the Starhawk itself. The last thing I want is to join all those unfortunate souls in a death glide through the Drellis Major’s atmosphere.
In the seat beside him, K’Tran Pasker was shaking his white-haired head as he monitored his sensor board. “I’m not picking up any signal beacons,” he said. “They may not have had time to launch any life pods.”
They both flinched as a stray piece of debris spattered against the shields just in front of the viewport. Before its final disintegration, Thom could see it was not a hull fragment, but a chunk of space rock.  Thom scratched at his close-cropped light-brown hair. “Star of Corrill’s distress call said that they hit an asteroid that strayed into their hyperspace lane, though I can’t fathom where any asteroid might have come from. There are no major belts along this route.”
“Another mystery to be solved by the Transit Guild,” K’Tran said. “Maybe it fell off an ore hauler?”
“They had time to issue a distress call and give coordinates, so the destruction couldn’t have been too immediate.” Thom guided the ship between two particularly large slabs of wreckage; fires fed by escaping gases still burning deep within. Other, smaller, oddly shaped bits of debris drifted nearby, and Thom shuddered. Bodies. Flash frozen in the vacuum of space. “Scan for life signs. There may be pods out there that had their beacons disabled by the crash.”
Turning to his instruments, K’Tran began scanning as Thom continued piloting through the debris field. After several minutes, K’Tran shook his head again, causing strands of his shaggy, silver-white hair to fall in front of his face. “There’s nothing,” he started to say, but cut off when his sensors began to ping. “Wait, there is something. One life sign, very faint.” He called off the coordinates, which were further back where the starliner first erupted from hyperspace, and Thom turned the ship to follow.
The debris was less dense here, making maneuvering easier. Narrowing his sensor sweep, K’Tran homed in on the source of the sensor reading. In the distance, the pod was coming into view. “Reading’s still very faint.”
As they drew nearer, Thom locked onto the lifeboat with the Starhawk's tractor beam, hauling it toward the cargo hatch in the ships’ underbelly. Before it disappeared out of sight beneath the ship, they could see that the spherical rescue craft was as battered as the rest of the wreckage.
With the pod locked into place, they moved the ship a safe distance out of the debris field, then made their way back to the cargo bay. The bulk of the pod remained outside the ship, with only the access hatch protruding through the atmospheric containment shield. Cycling the hatch open while K’Tran grabbed a med-kit from a sconce on the bulkhead, Thom saw wisps of smoke escape the pod, along with the ozone scent of burnt circuitry. 
Gripping the side of the hatch, Thom lowered himself into the dark interior of the pod, playing a portable lantern around at the control boards. “Radiation from the wreck must be playing havoc with the sensors,” he called back to K’Tran. “Either that or we’ve got the wrong pod. There’s no one in…”
The swaddled bundle lying in one of the seats was small enough that, at first, he failed to take notice of it, until the hint of motion caught his eye. Thinking his eyes were playing tricks on him, he settled his light on it, watching until he was sure of the movement this time. As the bundle fidgeted more noticeably, he thought he heard the slightest gurgle escape from within.
Thom approached, drawing his sidearm, should whatever was jostling around in there decide to turn on him. I can just see the news headlines. Bounty hunter eaten by hungry blanket monster.
With exaggerated caution, he reached forward, grabbing at the corner of the blanket and pulling it back. To his surprise, two tiny feet—one covered in white fur, the other mottled with brown spots—popped into view, four stubby toes on each wiggling wildly. Wrong end. I hope.
Less cautious this time, Thom pulled back the blanket flap on the opposite end. First two rounded, mouse-like ears popped forth, followed by the rest of the head they were attached to. Dark eyes fixated on him until they caught the light from his lantern, then blinked in irritation as the little creature chattered its discontent. Chuckling softly, Thom made sure to move the light away and the chattering became a more pleasant cooing.
“You find something?” K’Tran’s concerned voice carried down from the Starhawk’s cargo bay.
The critter had freed a stubby paw from its blankets and had latched onto one of Thom’s fingers. He marveled at the strength in the creature’s tiny hand. “Someone is more like it,” he answered finally. “A very little someone.”
Picking it up as gently as he could, Thom turned back to the hatch, handing the bundle up to his partner. “Congratulations Mister Pasker. It’s a boy. I think.”
“Very cute,” K’Tran commented, as he examined the creature while Thom pulled himself up through the hatch. “It’s not a species I recognize.”
“I do,” said Thom. “It’s a Warwick. They’re actually a pretty far-flung race, but they originated on Kallibann, I think.”
K’Tran cringed. “Not the friendliest planet to be from. They’re in the middle of a civil war, aren’t they?”
Thom nodded. “Pretty much since the end of the war with the Harkonians.”
K’Tran was smiling at the creature in his arms. It was cooing with contentment, large eyes drooping as sleep began to overtake it. “What do we do with him?”
Sighing, Thom scratched his head, ruffling his sandy brown hair. “I’m not sure. We’re so far out that it could be days before any other rescue ships arrive. Plus, there’s the question of why this little one is all by himself.”
K’Tran regarded him. “You starting to think this wasn’t an accident?”
“I don’t want to jump to conclusions. There are too many variables to consider.” Moving to the wall panel, Thom pressed the controls to close the inner cargo hatch, then turned and headed for the bridge. “Asteroids don’t just show up in the middle of commonly-used hyperspace lanes. The odds of one falling off an ore hauler are just too high.”
“Also, why did whoever put this little guy in there launch him all by himself? Why not abandon ship with him? It’s not like there wasn’t enough room in that pod. Why launch an infant into the great by-and-by all by itself? I would think that his parents would want to keep him close. If Caitlin and I were on board a ship that was going down, there’s no way in the galaxy that we’d put Jesse and Alyssa in a pod by themselves.”
Stepping through the hatch to the bridge, K’Tran moved to one of the lounge couches on the side. After making some strategic adjustments of the cushions, he laid the Warwick in the middle, ensuring that it would not roll off and injure itself. It was already snoring softly.
With their passenger resting comfortably, they resumed their seats at the controls; K’Tran already plotting a course out of the system. Thom began priming the engines when something made him stop. It was a feeling, nothing more. He switched the sensors over to long range scan again.
“What’s the matter?” K’Tran asked.
“Something’s not right. I just have a feeling…” He broke off, blue eyes staring intently at the sensor readings. Something near Drellis Major itself . . .
And there it was, coming around the gas giant from the far side. A ship. Small, maneuverable, and coming at them damn fast.
“Predator-class attack ship on intercept vector. No affiliation ID,” K’Tran called out the moment the computer made identification. He shot a look at his partner. “Wish I knew how you do that.” 
“It’s a gift,” Thom shrugged, hands flying across the controls as he redirected more power to the shields. “Jettison the pod. Charge the cannons.”
“Already on it. I take it you don’t think they’re part of a rescue team?” K’Tran asked, rising from his seat and moving back to the gunnery chair.
“Not hiding behind the planet like that. They were watching us; waiting to see if we found something.” Thom turned the Starhawk to face the newcomer.
“Maybe they’re the ones who misplaced that asteroid?”
“Them, or someone affiliated with them,” Thom answered. “Damn, I hate it when I’m right.” He pressed the comm button. “Predator attack ship, this is the hunter ship Starhawk. State your business in this sector.”
The comm screen on his console flickered and the craggy face of a Volkov filled the view. “Starhawk, I am Lantros. You are harboring a fugitive. You will turn it over to my custody, now.”
Thom glanced back at K’Tran, who raised a shaggy white eyebrow at the demand, and gripped the firing studs of his gun chair a little tighter. “As I stated before, this is a hunter ship. We have fugitives aboard all the time. However, we don’t have any to turn over at this moment. We are here responding to the distress signal from the Star of Corrill. You are impeding our search efforts.”
That carved-from-stone face fixed Thom with a look that could have cut through a plas-steel bulkhead. “You just jettisoned an escape pod docked to your cargo hatch. I want whoever was within.”
Thom took a deep breath. This guy is doing his best to piss me off, and it’s working. “No one was aboard. We got a false reading. That pod was just as dead as the rest of the debris field.” A beat, and Thom added, “Exactly who do you represent, anyway? I don’t know of any Lantros with any of the hunter guilds.”
Lantros leaned closer to his viewer, red eyes seething with barely pent-up rage. “You will hand over the occupant of that pod to me now, or I shall open up your ship and take him myself,” he growled.
Thom shot a quick glance back over his shoulder to K’Tran, got a nod of affirmation from his partner. Turning back, he met Lantros’ glare with one of his own. “Take your best shot.”
The challenge was barely out of Thom’s mouth when the other ship let loose a volley of laser fire. Thom rolled the Starhawk out of range as K’Tran returned fire. The Predator evaded, turning to come around on Starhawk’s stern, cannons blazing.
“We’re about evenly matched, but I’ll bet good money that that Predator’s not a stock model,” K’Tran called out. 
“No argument there,” Thom said, guiding the ship close along the edge of a larger piece of debris, as more laser fire tracked along their trajectory. “Fortunately, the ‘hawk isn’t fresh out of the showroom either. Why not give Lantros something to think about?”
“Be my pleasure.” Thom could hear the grin in K’Tran’s voice. “Let’s see how that thing fares against those new cluster missiles we upgraded to.”
The bridge resounded with a dull whump as K’Tran launched the warhead. As the missile approached the mid-way point between the two ships, it split into four smaller warheads which arced inward at the attacker. At the very last second, the Predator dodged, side-slipping out of the way and launching countermeasures. The cluster missiles locked on to the decoy, detonating harmlessly away from their intended target.
“Whoever this guy is, he’s damn good,” Thom said, gripping the controls as Lantros scored several hits on their aft shields. Warning lights began to flash across the boards.
“This guy’s got to be mistaken. He can’t be this intent on capturing an infant,” K’Tran said, continuing to trade pot shots with Lantros’ ship.
“Definitely has to be connected to the accident,” Thom said, “If he didn’t cause it, then he’s here to make sure there are no surviving witnesses.”
“And that includes us,” K’Tran’s voice began to take on a note of concern as the ship trembled under another volley. He yelped in surprise as his scanners picked up an incoming missile. He fired wildly, detonating the projectile just before it struck the shields. The blast was still severe enough to send warning sirens blaring throughout the ship. “Thom, you’ve got to get this guy off of us.”
“Yeah, what do you think I’ve been trying to do?” Thom retorted, checking his scans of the attacker. “Overconfident bastard has all his power to forward shields. Aft section is virtually unprotected. If I get us behind him, do you think you can take him out?”
“I know I can, but I don’t think we’re gonna get more than one shot, and it’s going to be close.”
“Oh, it’ll be close alright,” Thom replied, pulling the ship into a dive towards Drellis Major and one of the larger sections of debris that was beginning to skip along the gas giants’ atmosphere. He diverted power from the aft shields — a risk, considering the fire they were taking from astern— evening them out across the hull. The Starhawk began to buck wildly as it too began to skirt the upper reaches of the planet’s atmosphere. Lantros continued to follow, continued to fire.
Heat flares began to flash across the viewport, obscuring Thom’s view. Relying on instruments only, he brought the Starhawk beneath the wreckage; close enough to make out the seams between individual hull plates. Clearing the debris, he pulled the ship up hard, looping back in the opposite direction. Between heat flares, Lantros’ ship appeared, its rear to them as it too began passing beneath the shattered hull.
Thom allowed himself a grin. “Right here you creep. K’Tran?”
His partners’ only reply was the sound of more cluster missiles being launched, followed by a spray of cannon fire. Lantros’ ship bucked under the assault as the missiles broke through the poorly shielded aft section, hull plates breaking free and vaporizing as the ship struck atmo. Another burst from the Starhawk’s cannons, and two engine ports sheared away. The Predator cartwheeled out of control, striking the Star of Corrill wreckage before plunging into the depths of Drellis Major’s atmosphere, trailing flaming debris behind it.
Thom let out a breath he had not realized he was holding, guiding the ship back into clear space. He set the long range scanners running again, but found no more surprises coming at them. “I think we’re in the clear.”
K’Tran worked himself free of his restraints, and the two of them went to check on their passenger. Secure in his makeshift crib, the young Warwick was still snoozing, unaware and unperturbed by the events of the last few moments.

Safely away from Drellis Major, the Starhawk made an uneventful jump into hyperspace. With their course laid in, and the Warwick still asleep, Thom and K’Tran ventured aft to the galley for some coffee. Leaning against the table, K’Tran looked to his partner. “So, any idea what we’re going to do with our little troublemaker yet?”
“Hard to say, considering what we just went through. If our friend Lantros had any associates who were in on this whole fracas, I doubt he’d be too safe anywhere. It did cross my mind to bring him to a Confederation outpost and leave him with the local authorities there.”
K’Tran frowned, contemplating his cup of coffee. “Anyone with the cheggs to destroy a passenger liner then attack a hunter ship just to eliminate an infant —the reasoning behind which is still making me scratch my head—certainly wouldn’t hesitate to try taking out a Confed orphanage. And even if Lantros was working alone, and the little guy is in the clear, he could end up bouncing around foster homes for years.”
Thom paused, considering K’Tran’s words, and a playful grin cut across his boyish features. “Or, he could bounce around the Forster home for years.”
K’Tran looked skeptical. “You’re not serious?”
“Why not?” Thom shrugged. “We could watch over him while I do some checking on my own. We’ll probably have better luck tracking down his family with our Guild connections than the Confed services. And he’ll be at less risk of discovery from the wrong people if I make some discreet inquiries instead of a full blown investigation.”
K’Tran gaped. “What about the investigation into what happened to the Star of Corrill? Surely someone’s gonna know we were involved somehow.”
“I doubt it. Except for Lantros, no one else knew we were in the area anyway. By the time a formal investigative team gets there from the Core there won’t be much left of anything. If we keep quiet, no one will know we were there. It’s not like the little guy could provide much witness for the investigation.”
Thom paused, looking thoughtful. “Besides, it’ll be fun having another baby around the house.”
K’Tran stared at him, trying to decide if his friend had truly, finally, launched his brain out of an airlock. “You’ve already got one baby, or did you forget about Alyssa? Hell, Jesse’s barely out of diapers! And how do you think Caitlin’s going to like raising yet another kid while we go off on our hunts?”
Thom was unswayed by the argument. “Caitlin loves kids. She won’t mind at all.” Topping off his coffee mug, he walked off towards the bridge to lay in the course for home.
K’Tran hung back, shaking his head as Thom walked off. “Something tells me that she will.”
***
The Starhawk touched ground just long enough for Thom to bound down the ramp laden with several bundles before the ship lifted off once more, K’Tran guiding it back towards the spaceport in Novarra City. Striding through the knee-high prairie grass, he smiled broadly as he approached the groundcar idling a few meters away as the driver climbed from the front seat.
Caitlin Forster regarded her husband with a mix of pleasure and annoyance. Using her solar glasses as a hair band, she pushed several wind-tossed blonde hairs out of her face, her brown eyes sizing Thom up with suspicion. “Why in the name of Kethlax’s hide did you have me meet you all the way out here? I would have met you at the spaceport.”
Thom set down all but one of his bundles. Opening his arms wide, he engulfed his wife in a bear hug. “Hello to you too,” he whispered into her ear.
She returned the embrace, holding him tightly for a long, silent moment. Thom delighted in the scent of her hair, and the warmth of her body pressed to his; a sensation cut short as Caitlin pushed away. “You’re not in some kind of trouble are you?”
Laughing, Thom made his way to the car, reaching in and taking hold of the two small arms extended through the window. With a heave, he extracted his young son from the backseat. As the blond moppet wrapped its arms and legs about him, he peered into the darkened interior at the infant sleeping comfortably in its travel-cradle. “Does Alyssa still have her cold?”
“No, she’s fine” Caitlin replied, crossing her arms over her chest and fixing him with a glare that chilled the air around them. “Don’t change the subject. Are you in trouble?”
“No, I’m not in any trouble,” he said. “Have you been watching the news feeds? About the Star of Corrill?”
Canting her head to one side, Caitlin’s alabaster complexion went just a shade lighter. “You weren’t involved in that, were you?”
“We were the first rescue ship on the scene. The only rescue ship actually, at least, until we left. Not like any other ships are going to find anything. The ship was a complete loss.”
Young Jesse was nosing at the pack still over his one shoulder. He set the toddler down. Jesse continued trying to probe the sack, standing on Thom’s feet to gain some extra height. Thom pushed him away playfully, which only caused the youngster to continue his investigation with more vigor.
Caitlin too, now eyed the pack, seeming to have just noticed it herself. “What do you have there? That’s not from Star of Corrill is it? If you and K’Tran were pulling illegal salvage...”
“We were on a rescue mission. Looking for survivors.” He paused, unsure with how to proceed. Oh, the hell with it. Shrugging, he added, “We found one.”
Caitlin’s jaw dropped. She eyed the bag with fresh suspicion. “And…you brought it home with you?”
“Not it, he, I think,” Thom proceeded with more enthusiasm now, unslinging the pack from his shoulder, and cradling it across one arm while he used his free hand to undo the ties keeping the flap shut.
Caitlin cringed, taking a step back. “If this is some sort of sick joke…”
“Just look.”
Sighing, Caitlin stepped forward once more, still cautious about peeking in the bag. As her eyes fixed on the little being inside, Thom could see her heart melt. The Warwick was awake, gazing up at her with its large, dark eyes, making cooing sounds.
Caitlin looked at her husband, the suspicion gone from her eyes as she reached into the duffel and pulled the little creature out. Its stubby paws latched onto her blonde hair as it embraced her, nuzzling its face in her neck. “It’s adorable,” she said. “You found him in the wreckage?”
“The only life sign we could find,” Thom answered. “Found him in an escape pod, all alone.”
“The poor thing,” She gave a shriek of laughter as its nuzzling tickled her. “But I don’t understand why you brought him here.”
Beside Thom, young Jesse was jumping up and down, trying to get a better look. He clawed at his father beckoning “Wanna see. Wanna see.” Thom lifted his son into his arms once more.
“No one can know we found him. Not yet anyway,” Thom explained as he maneuvered Jesse so the two youngsters would be face to face. They stared at each other for a long minute before Jesse began to giggle uncontrollably. His laughter caused the Warwick to respond with squeaks and gurgles of his own. Soon the two were batting at each other playfully.
Caitlin had that look of suspicion again. “Why can we not let anyone know about him?”
Thom hesitated, lowering Jesse to the ground as his wife did the same with the Warwick. Soon the two were rolling in the grass, giggling in merriment as each sought to get the upper hand.
Assured that the two would not harm one another, he pulled Caitlin closer, whispering, though there was no one else around to hear. “Someone was looking for him. We were attacked by another ship, demanding we give up the fugitive we had taken on board. Still have no clue who he was working for. We ran a check after we got out of there but came up empty, but this guy was very insistent we hand the little guy over. And before you ask, no, it was not someone looking out for his best interests.”
“But if this guy keeps looking for him…”
“He won’t. That much is certain. But I’d be willing to bet that whoever sent him will be sending others. That’s why all the cloak and dagger about arriving here. No one can know where he came from. K’Tran and I will do a search on our own, using our Guild contacts, but I don’t want to go through Confederation authorities. He’d be too much at risk.”
Another burst of laughter drew their attention back to the rolling mass of arms and legs in the grass. Both were already filthy from head to toe. 
Sighing, shaking her head, Caitlin looked resigned. “Another mouth to feed. Three children under the age of three.” She paused and smiled as the two continued their wrestling, before fixing Thom with a stern look. “I may kill you, you know.”

Thom sat on the patio outside his home, mug of coffee in hand as he stared into the night sky. Jumbled thoughts as numerous as the stars above ran through his mind as he mulled over the events of the last few days.
K’Tran had contacted him about an hour earlier, reporting that the little detour they had taken had gone unnoticed, or, at least, had not seemed suspicious enough for the port authorities to make any inquiry. So far as he knew, he, Caitlin and K’Tran were the only ones who knew of the young Warwick’s existence. Given time, they should be able to concoct a good cover story about how he came to be with them. Provided we have enough time.
His musings were interrupted as Caitlin stepped onto the porch, her own cup of coffee clasped in both hands. “Everyone settled in?” Thom asked.
Caitlin took the seat next to him. “Alyssa was still a little fussy, but Jesse and Podo knocked out almost immediately. Must have been all that wrestling.”
Thom gave her an amused look. “Podo?”
“While you were bathing the boys I did some research on Warwick customs, dietary habits, that sort of thing. I found a listing of names and their meanings. Podo, in the Warwick tongue means little, fair-haired, valorous one.”
Thom chuckled. “It fits.”
“I thought you’d like it.”
“So…does the fact that you’ve named him mean we’re keeping him?”
Even in the dark, Caitlin looked to be blushing slightly. “Unless you’ve got a better idea? I can’t see turning him over to the authorities, especially if you say the one who was looking for him was willing to kill you to get at him. I mean, really, how much of a threat to anyone could that little ball of fluff be?”
Thom sipped his coffee. “That’s what I intend to find out. Between our Guild contacts and a few old friends in Confed Intel, we should be able to hunt something down.”
His wife looked sullen. “Do we have to?”
“I didn’t say we’d look too hard. I’m guessing that any family he might have had went down with the Star of Corrill. Still, we owe it to him to find out.” He reached over, taking her hand and giving it a squeeze. “You’re taken with him, aren’t you?”
“And you aren’t?” She gave him a wry smile.
“Quite taken.” He admitted. “And if Lantros does have associates who come looking for him?”
“They’ll have to go through us first,” Caitlin answered, giving his hand another squeeze.
A tiny cry drifted out through a nearby window, and Caitlin sighed. “I think Alyssa still has a touch of that cold. She sounded a little congested when I put her down to bed.” She rose from her seat. “You coming?”
“Be there in a minute.”
Smiling, she kissed him on top of the head. “Don’t be too long.”
Watching his wife as she disappeared inside the house, Thom finished his coffee, pondering their conversation. He knew Caitlin to be absolutely sincere about protecting Podo, as she would Jesse or Alyssa; to the death, if necessary. Once Caitlin got her mind wrapped around an idea, it could not be pried from her with all the might of a star fleet.
Rising, he regarded the stars once again, wondering if Lantros did have any associates —he was relatively certain the Volkov had not been acting alone— and when they would come looking for Podo.
If and when that happens, Thom Forster thought, they’ll find one hell of a fight waiting for them.


I really enjoyed going back in time and fleshing out more of Podo’s back-story, and using Thom as protagonist this time around. Originally conceived as the first chapter of a planned prequel novel titled Starhawk: Genesis, Thom and K’Tran simply find Podo in the wreckage and take him home, no mention of Lantros. When I decided to go short with this one, at least for the present, I knew it would need more meat to it. The Lantros arc will also be picked up again in the third Starhawk novel, when we find out exactly why Podo was abandoned and how this likeable, seemingly insignificant character fits into the grander scheme of things for one world.
Tainted Love

I am not a fan of paranormal romance. The entire idea is inane to me. “Vampires are romantic” I have heard. “Vampires are sexy.” No, vampires are dead!  Nothing romantic or sexy about death. If there were, why have we seen no zombie romances? Why no “Wedding of the Dead” or “Honeymoon of the Dead?”
It was at the height of the popularity of the Twilight saga that I came up with this little tale. I remember being at work while thinking this story through, and giggling to myself like an idiot. Anyone watching me must have thought I was having some kind of breakdown.
Gotten kudos from a lot of moms for this tale. Apparently they have had similar conversations with their daughters.


“Honestly, Mom, I don’t see what your problem is,” Kristen said, following her mother into the kitchen. “I don’t think you’re really giving Bobby a chance.”
Her mother paused as she opened the refrigerator, pulling out a bowl of carrots. “Honey, I’m just not sure that Bobby is the right boy for you.”
“How can you say that? You just met him,” Kristen replied, grabbing the bowl of carrots from her mother and carrying them to the sink to rinse them as her mother got the lettuce and tomatoes from the fridge. “Honestly, you and Daddy can be such knobs sometimes.”
Mother shot her a withering glare. “Don’t you take that tone with me, young lady. I just don’t think anything good can come from this kind of relationship.”
Kristen dropped the bowl into the sink, swinging to face her mother. “If Bobby were black, would you have a problem with him?”
“Of course not.”
“If he were in a wheelchair?”
“Certainly not.”
“If I were to bring home a girl and said she was my lover, would there be a problem?”
“No, Honey, so long as you were happy…”
“Then why are you so against my seeing Bobby?”
“Kristen, honey,” her mother stepped closer, clasping both of Kristen’s hands in her own. The look of near-panic was almost comical. “Bobby is dead!”
Kristen’s sigh exploded from her lungs. “The term is zombie, Mother. Bobby prefers to be called undead.”
Rebuked, Mother moved to the counter and began slicing the tomatoes for the salad. “Honey, I’m sure Bobby was a very nice boy…once.”
“There you go again, holding his handicap against him! He can’t help being what he is.”
From the doorway, Kristen’s father poked his head in. He looked distinctly uncomfortable. “Umm, Krissy? Bobby’s eating the dog.”
Beside her, Mother just about sliced her thumb off with the knife. Kristen ignored the drama. “That silly boy! I told him we were all vegetarians but he just refuses to convert. Go back and sit with him Daddy. I’ll come talk to him in a minute.”
Her father looked from his daughter, to his wife, then back to his daughter. With a nervous smile, he disappeared back into the living room.
Kristen turned back to Mother, who was still trying to slice the tomatoes despite her shaking hands. “You just don’t know Bobby the way I do. He’s not like the other boys. He’s gentle and considerate. He’s a terrific listener, and he doesn’t talk my ear off about football or cars or some other silly stuff.”
Mother slammed the knife down on the counter so hard she rattled the dishes in the cupboard above. “He doesn’t talk your ear off because his tongue falls out every time he opens his mouth! He didn’t even bother to pick it up from the welcome mat before he walked in!”
“That’s it,” Kristen screamed, storming from the kitchen and into the living room where her father sat in his easy chair across from where Bobby was sitting on the couch. The boy was using the clasp of a dog collar to pick fur from his teeth. “Come on, Bobby. We are leaving.”
Kristen grabbed him by the hand, pulling him from his seat, and leading him to the door. Bobby threw a limp wave goodbye to Kristen’s parents before the door slammed shut behind them.
They got into Kristen’s car and she pulled out of the driveway with tires squealing as she fought back tears, driving in silence a few moments before finding a secluded spot to park. Shutting the engine, Kristen turned to Bobby. “Bobby, sweetie, give me your hand.”
Bobby looked unsure for a moment before reaching down with his left hand, and snapping his right off at the wrist with a pop.  With his gap toothed grin ―another tooth fell out at that very moment―he placed his hand in hers.
Choking back tears, Kristen held Bobby’s hand to her heart. “My parents just don’t understand us. They don’t understand the love we share. I won’t let that stop us. I love you, Bobby. I always will.”
Reaching up, she pulled him into an embrace, his mouth resting against the soft flesh of her neck.
“Bobby, are you nibbling? That’s so cute. He he, it tickles. Umm, Bobby?  Bobby, that’s a little rough , Sweetie. Ow! Bobby, I’m not into that kinky stuff. Ow! Bobby, no biting! Ow! Quit it! I’m serious Bo…OW! Bobby!

Fast Friends
A STARHAWK Tale

Another prequel to The Starhawk Chronicles. I wanted to delve a little deeper into the relationship between Jesse and Morogo and again build upon something that had only been briefly mentioned in the main novel. At first, Jesse was to rescue Morogo from Chinsharra slavers after happening upon them in a darkened alleyway but after watching an episode of  The Magnificent Seven, I came up with  this version instead, and I think it works better.


Half an hour late. I swear if Nichols wasn’t the best informant around, I’d stop paying her. Jesse Forster grumbled to himself, checking his watch for the fifth time in as many minutes. Raising his glass, he downed the last of the whiskey he had been nursing since he arrived an hour before, and scanned the bar’s patrons again, for lack of anything better to do.
The bar, a location chosen by Nichols for their meeting, was surprisingly upscale, especially for a spaceport with the not-so-affectionate nickname “Rotgut Station”. It was clean, fairly well lit, and the drinks were not as watered down as one might expect. It was also surprisingly quiet for this time of night, with no more than a dozen or so patrons milling about or seated at scattered tables.
From his table near the bar, Jesse had a good view of the doorway so he could watch for Nichols. If she ever gets here. Just then, the door opened, and he sat up a little straighter, but the informant was not among the group entering. Disappointed, he slouched back into his seat, resting his hands on the butts of the twin Colt Seventy-Seven laser pistols on his hips.
Though not who he was waiting for, the newcomers did stir enough interest for him to keep watch on them. There were three, ranging in age from early twenties to about twice that. They looked a little rougher around the edges than the rest of the clientele, and from the raucous way they were carrying on, Jesse knew this was not the first watering hole they had visited this evening. All were human.
A curious thought occurred to him at that moment, and he made another survey of the crowd. Not a non-human among them. Pretty unusual for this side of space.
The newcomers let out another burst of garish laughter as they took a seat a few tables away. They paid Jesse no mind, but something about them told him he should be on his guard. As inconspicuously as he could, he reached under the table and undid the snaps securing his weapons in their holsters. That done, he settled back slightly.
The door opened, but again it was not Nichols. Like the previous three newcomers, this one made him take notice. Wow, a Vor’na’cik. Don’t see too many of them around anymore.
The alien stood in the doorway a moment before slowly making his way towards the bar. It was then that Jesse came to realize that he never actually had seen one of these beings up close before.
So tall that it had to duck to avoid the low hanging chandeliers, the green-skinned Vor’na’cik moved among the tables with surprising grace for being as large as it was. Its armored scales and piggish face with oversized ears made it about as alien looking as they come. It glanced at Jesse as it passed –Jesse assumed it was male—but the look was one of mere observance, nothing more. There was nothing about its demeanor that suggested hostility of any sort, so Jesse relaxed once more.
The rowdies, on the other hand, had stopped their carousing to watch as the being made its way through the bar, and their conversation became hushed. They rose and began passing through the tables making for the bar as well. Spreading out a few meters apart, they formed a shrinking semi-circle around the bar and the newcomer.
The Vor’na’cik seemed oblivious to their approach, reaching the bar and gesturing to a bottle on the back shelf. It took several attempts before the bartender caught on to what it wanted, finally pouring a large glass of ale from a green decanter. That’s right. Vor’na’cik are bound by their religion not to speak to anyone not of their race, Jesse recalled. Must be good at charades.
The three rowdies moved in closer. When they had the being pretty much encircled, the youngest, a short punk with tattoos across half of his face said, loud enough for the entire establishment to hear, “Hey Greenie, they don’t serve your kind here.”
To its credit, the Vor’na’cik casually finished its drink, gesturing to the bartender – who was looking more nervous with each passing second – for another shot. It then slowly turned to face the young loudmouth, an expression of are you talking to me? on its face.
“That’s right. You. We don’t want your kind in here.”
Jesse listened to the decidedly one-sided exchange while glancing into his glass. Time for a refill. With a practiced leisure, he rose and sidled up to the bar, passing through the ring of taunters. His actions drew a glare from the one standing to the Vor’na’cik’s immediate left, a bald, heavyweight plug ugly with a broken nose skewed to one side of his face. This one spoke up as Jesse gestured to the now visibly sweating barman.
“You alien slime think you can just walk in here and get what you want?  We know all about your kind. Vor’na’cik drifter. Worst kind of space trash.” He spat on the floor for emphasis.
Hearing this, Jesse let out a soft chuckle. He kept his gaze on the mirror behind the bar. “Seems like the only space trash in here is doing all the talking.”
The air around the bar took on a distinct chill as Jesse’s words silenced the trio. The bartender took several cautious steps away, looking ready to bolt at any second. Jesse took another sip from his glass.
“You keep your trap shut, or we’ll deal with you next, boy,” the plug-ugly growled after regaining his voice.
Now Jesse turned, slowly. Instead of looking at his accuser, he looked to the Vor’na’cik. “Did he just call me boy?”
The alien gave a slow nod of affirmation.
Jesse moved to stand toe to toe with the grotesque one. This close, he could smell the alcohol oozing from the man’s every pore. Jesse narrowed his gaze. When he spoke, his tone was downright arctic. “Did you just call me boy?”
The ugly one glowered. “This isn’t your fight.”
“It’s not a fight…yet.”
A hesitation before the man spoke. “We don’t want his kind in here.”
“Last time I checked, it was a free galaxy. There are no signs by the door stating humans only. Therefore, I suggest you let this gentleman alone and go back to your table and drinks, or do you want this to become a bigger problem than it ought to be?”
The plug ugly took a step back, still trying to look defiant. He was now standing directly in front of the Vor’na’cik. Jesse’s gaze shifted to the alien.
It was the slightest indication–the Vor’na’cik met Jesse’s gaze, glanced up to look past him over his shoulder, then met his gaze again with the barest hint of a nod–but it was all the sign that Jesse needed. His hands darted to his sidearms. Without looking behind him, one arm swung back and fired, the sound of a stun blast echoing through the bar. In the same moment, the other Colt materialized under the grotesque one’s broken nose, before the body of his tattooed friend hit the ground, the knife he had raised over his head clattering from his hand.
Jesse shoved the weapon even harder against the man’s face. “I came in here for a quiet drink, and something tells me this big guy here did too. So why don’t you pick up your friend over there, pack up your misplaced bigotry, and get the hell out of my sight?”
Ugly took another step back; gesturing for the other man he was with to help Tattoo Boy. Without a word, the man went to retrieve his comrade. Jesse noted with some satisfaction that this guy had gone pale, and seemed to have wet himself as well.
Ugly backed away slowly, some of the haughtiness returning to his eyes the further away he got. “You’ll regret this,” he grumbled. “We have friends. You’ll regret this.” Then they were gone.
Jesse did a quick scan of the room. Everyone else had become very interested in their own drinks. The only one looking at him was the Vor’na’cik, which had a distinctly pleased look on its face. Holstering his twin Colts, Jesse gestured to the barman for another round for the two of them. 
“Sorry about the unpleasantness,” he said as they raised their glasses in a silent toast. “Name’s Jesse Forster, captain of the Starhawk. My crew and I are bounty hunters. Been looking for a few extra crewmen. You maybe interested?”
The Vor’na’cik canted it’s head as it considered the proposition, then its head bobbed to and fro as though it were saying I’m willing to listen.
 Jesse finished his drink, as did the alien. “Take a walk with me. I’ll fill you in.”
* * *
“…So I can’t promise you much,” Jesse was telling his new friend as they walked the deserted streets in the early morning gloom. “The jobs pay well when we cash in, but we sometimes go weeks before we make a collar. But you will have a decent bunk and get to see the galaxy, if that’s what you’re looking for.”
He looked up at the Vor’na’cik, who no longer seemed to be listening. It gave a soft grunt–the first vocalization it had made since Jesse first spotted him. Following its line of sight, Jesse spotted the crowd at the end of the street, slowly approaching. As they drew nearer, he recognized the three rowdies from the bar, accompanied by a dozen others. “Oh, this could get real unpleasant real quick.”
“Well, well. Look at what we have here,” Plug Ugly crowed, gesturing to the crowd around him. One side of his lip turned up in a cocksure sneer. “I told you we have friends.”
Jesse looked up to see that the Vor’na’cik was smiling. Jesse smiled back. “Right,” he said, turning back to the gang. “Let’s get this over with.”
* * *
Dozing in one of the control seats on the bridge of the Starhawk, K’Tran Pasker was startled to full consciousness by the sound of the bridge hatch sliding open. “Nichols called in a little while ago,” he said as he spun his chair to face the entrance, knowing his captain had returned. “She said she had to skip the rendezvous. Something about trouble at the…”
The rest of the sentence hung on his lips. He was not sure what startled him most, the sight of his captain, bloody, bruised, with one eye swollen shut and his clothes torn, or the hulk that stood in the hatch behind him, equally bruised, one massive hand helping to keep Jesse on his feet.
“Trouble at the bar?” K’Tran finally squeaked out.
“No more than usual. Quiet night actually,” Jesse replied. He gestured over his shoulder. “This is Morogo. He’s signing on with us. He’s pretty good in a fight.”
Still dumbfounded, K’Tran walked over to get a better look at Jesse, shaking his head. “Lohren’s going to have a fit when she sees you like this.” He moved in closer, putting an arm around Jesse’s shoulder and lead him away from the Vor’na’cik. He spoke next in a conspiratorial whisper. “What exactly happened tonight?”
“It’s…complicated,” Jesse replied. A snort of laughter escaped him, and was echoed by Morogo.
K’Tran gestured at the newcomer. “That’s a Vor’na’cik, right?”
“Appears to be.”
“Aren’t they not allowed to speak to others not of their race?”
“So I’ve heard.”
“So then how do you even know anything about him?”
“I don’t, yet.”
K’Tran could feel his blood pressure rising. He hated when Jesse got cryptic like this. “So how do you know his name?”
“He told me.” Jesse straightened with a grunt of pain, turning back the way he had come in. “I’m going to go clean up before Lohren sees me. You two get acquainted. I’ll be back.”
The bridge hatch closed behind him, leaving K’Tran alone with the new crewmember. Morogo smiled down at him, revealing rows of needle-sharp teeth.
Good Lord, K’Tran thought. I think he wants to eat me.
On Dragons Wings
I’ve loved fantasy ever since reading Tolkien’s The Hobbit in Junior High. Before this I had never even considered adventures that did not consist of ray guns, spaceships and the like. Tolkien opened my mind to the realm of fantasy, and I became a huge fan of Margaret Weis and Tracey Hicks’ Dragonlance saga while in High School.
Toyed around with writing an epic fantasy of my own for years. I had a great idea about a warlock from another dimension bringing his forces to Earth set mainly in my native New York. The warlock would make Manhattan his domain, setting up shop in one of the World Trade Center towers and having his dragons destroy the other because it obstructed his view. 
The terrorists of September 11 changed all that, and out of respect for all those lost that day, I went back to square one.
The following three tales are the beginning of the resurrection of my epic fantasy concept. Now set on its own world, these stories are the precursor for a planned duology, mixing fantasy, American history, and my own snarky sense of humor. The characters within are as dear to me as any of the crew of the Starhawk, and I hope to see many more adventures with them.


“What is wrong with you people? I’ve done nothing wrong. Where are you taking me?” Kieran Nightshade shouted over the bustle of the crowd and rattling of wagon wheels on the harsh, rocky terrain. She struggled against the rope that bound her to the post. The restraints dug deeper into her wrists. 
Even in the dim light of early evening, she could see their destination. The road–as loose a term if there ever was one for the rocky path they were ascending–wound its way up the side of a craggy mountain to a flat plateau at the top. Several tall posts like the one she was bound to jutted from the ground at odd angles like silent sentinels monitoring their approach.
One wrong turn, she grumbled to herself. One wrong turn and instead of the nice seaside village of Delva Shien, I end up in Looneyville, population of a hundred or so oddnut zealots and me.
The villagers had been on her almost as soon as she set foot in that scruffy little excuse for a town, nothing more than a few ramshackle huts tucked away in the clearing at the base of the mountain. Before she could protest they had her bound to this stupid post in this stupid cart and were leading her up the stupid mountain.
“Look I understand if you don’t like outsiders,” she called to the villager nearest her, a tall, shaggy man with a mottled grey beard halfway down his chest. “All you had to do was say something and I would have kept on going. I was on my way to Delva Shien and just took a wrong turn.”
“It’s nothing personal, Lass. You was just wandering through at the wrong time.” The man said without looking at her. He gestured with his walking stick to the plateau ahead. They were close enough now that Kieran could see the cave that loomed beyond the posts, the entrance to which was large enough to swallow a half-dozen carts the size of the one she was strapped into. 
The man turned his head just enough to favor her with a lazy eye. “The beast needs to be sated.”
Kieran’s eyes grew wide at the man’s admission. It took her several seconds before she could squeak out, “Beast?”
The man did not reply. The cart came to a sudden stop, causing Kieran to hit the back of her head against the post. The mouth of the cave loomed even larger. She blinked in the dim light. Perhaps they had not adjusted to the coming darkness, but she thought she saw the barest hint of firelight coming from deep within.
Two of the villagers climbed into the cart, untying her from the post. Each man gripped her by an arm, pulling her to the ground, and dragging her nearer the cave while the rest of the mob stayed behind. Kieran stumbled as they dragged her faster than she could walk towards two posts set into the ground roughly fifty feet from the entrance. The ground here was strewn with rocks and she found it hard to gain a stable footing. At one point she lost her balance altogether and fell, despite the two men supporting her. This close to the ground, she could see that it was not rocks she was tripping on.
It was skulls.
Skulls, and other remains of what had once been people. The ground was littered with them.
The scream that had been forming in her throat never got the chance to voice itself as the two men picked her up and continued dragging her forward. She fought them now, fiercely, but their strength was too great. They positioned her between the two posts, tying her with arms outspread. Once certain that she was secure, the two men set torches into sconces carved on each post, then quickly retreated back into the shadows near the cart. Craning her head over her shoulder, Kieran watched them flee. The horse cart was already turned around and heading back the way they had come.
Lazy Eye approached, favoring her with a feeble shrug as he passed to stand a few feet ahead of her. Not close enough for a good kick in the seat of his pants.
“Dragon! Hear me, Dragon,” Lazy Eye shouted. “We bring you our sacrifice. Take it and leave us in peace!”
He turned, hurrying to catch up to the others. “Like I said, Lass, nothing personal,” he said as he scurried past into the shadows.
A burning rage filled Kieran, and she struggled against her bonds as she watched him go. “You bastard! I’ll get you for this! If I get out of here you’ll wish you never saw me!”
Her threats went unanswered. She could just hear the rumble of the horse cart fading into the night. The sounds of the night were her only reply.
Good going, Nightshade. Really great. You can’t even head to the seaside for a simple fishing trip without getting yourself in trouble. One stupid wrong turn…
She fought against her bonds, pulling hard to one side, then the other, her struggles only serving to exasperate skin already rubbed raw.
Dragon. Wonderful. One stupid wrong turn and you end up as an evening snack for some overgrown iguana. If Mom saw you now, she’d have a field day telling you just how…
The sudden dead quiet brought Kieran out of her mental nagging. The sound of the cart had faded. Every nocturnal creature that had been giving voice to the night had suddenly all been struck dumb. The only sound Kieran heard was her own labored breathing.
That, and the distant rumbling from within the cave.
Squinting to block out the torchlight, she thought she could see something darker than the night filling the mouth of the cave. A low hiss broke the silence of the night, and two lights, fire red, appeared through the gloom. No. Not lights. Eyes.
Despite the terror rising within her, Kieran refused to scream. She knew the villagers would be listening and she would be damned if she were going to give them that satisfaction.
The eyes, vaguely feline, but too large and set too far apart, regarded her. They winked out briefly, and when they reappeared, were closer than before. There was a slight fishy smell on the air, turning her stomach. Another hiss, and then, to Kieran’s surprise, a voice rumbled through the darkness.
“Wonderful. Another sacrifice.”
The voice was so deep Kieran though it was coming from deep within the cave, but the warm air—No, not air. Breath—that washed over her told her that it came from the beast in front of her. There was something in the voice that she found curious. It sounded like…sarcasm.
“Umm, excuse me?” she asked into the darkness, toward the warm, fishy, sarcastic voice.
“When will these dolts figure things out?”
Again, Kieran could not be certain if the voice was directing its comments towards her, or were just thoughts being spoken out loud. “Excuse me?” she echoed her earlier question.
The eyes came just a shade closer and in the light of the torches she could make out the features around them–scales, some tiny horns that crested the eyes, what looked like a scar over one eyebrow. A whisper of fish breath passed over her as the dragon spoke again. “So what did you do to earn the honor of being virgin sacrifice of the month?”
A glimmer of hope ran through Kieran. “Would it change my situation at all if I said I wasn’t a virgin?”
A snort that she took to be a gruff laugh. “Not particularly. It doesn’t matter to me if you are one or not.”
“Had to try.”
“Completely understandable. So, what’s your story?”
Does this thing seriously want to play twenty questions before eating me? Well, what the heck? Anything to delay the inevitable. “It’s all a misunderstanding.”
“It usually is. What did you do? Refuse to play kissy face with the magistrate’s son?  Call the town preacher a bloated warthog?”
This is getting surreal. “I wandered into town by accident. Took a wrong turn. Was headed for the seashore to do a little fishing.”
“So you’re not even a resident?” There was genuine curiosity in the dragon’s tone.
“Like I said, just took a wrong turn.”
That gruff snort again. “Typical,” the dragon replied. “In all my years I’ve never seen a more obtuse group of hobknobbers as those villagers. Can’t even offer up one of their own.”
Despite her intrigue, all this polite conversation was raising Kieran’s anxiety level. “Not to be rude, but if you’re going to eat me, can you just do it and get it over with? Your mother should have taught you not to play with your food.”
The eyes narrowed as the dragon squinted at her. “Not to dash your hopes, my dear, but I have no intention of eating you.”
Kieran paused, dumbstruck for a moment. When she finally regained her voice, she said, “You lost me there.”
Now the dragon gave a sincere chuckle. “Even if I liked the taste of man-flesh, which, no offense, I do not, but I get the most God-awful allergic reactions from it. My tongue swells up, and my vision goes blurry for hours. Days, sometimes. Oh, and the itching!”
With a sigh, the dragon settled onto the ground mere feet in front of her. If her hands had been unbound, Kieran could have reached out and touched its snout. She should have still been terrified. Though she had never been in close contact with a dragon before—indeed, had never even actually seen one—the tales she had heard were enough to give her pause. Dragons are not to be trusted, she was told. Their entire existence is to deceive and thwart mankind. Put your trust in a dragon and you might as well step willingly into the fires of Hell.
Something in the back of her mind told her those warnings were misguided, at least as far as this dragon was concerned. It was like saying an entire section of the human population was evil simply based on the misdeeds of a few.
“Allow me to tell you a little story, since you are, after all, a captive audience.” He chuckled at his joke, but Kieran only rolled her eyes. “Tell me, child, what do you know of my kind?”
Kieran shrugged. “Only what’s been told to me, and most of that isn’t very nice.”
“I’m not surprised. Man has always feared my people. Sometimes rightfully so, but more often than not we are judged as a race because of the actions of a few.”
Kieran nodded at the irony in his words. My thoughts exactly.
“Do you know why my people live so long? We hibernate. Every twenty years we find a secluded spot to settle in and rest. The typical hibernation period is about five years.” He paused, looking back over his shoulder. “I chose this cave the last time as my home. Back then, the valley was much more secluded. The village did not exist.”
“Five years later I awaken and stumble out of my cave to see the sun for the first time. Lo and behold I come across two children foraging for mushrooms. Without even so much as a second look, they turn and run screaming back down the mountain. The next night, the first virgin sacrifice shows up on my doorstep. And like you, she was not of the village. Some poor child abducted from another town.”
“But you didn’t eat her?” Kieran inquired.
“Goodness, no. Took her back to her village, and have done so with each unsuspecting young maiden that those idiots pull off the roads by the point of a pitchfork.”
Kieran looked at the skeletons strewn across the ground. The dragon answered the unvoiced question. “There is an ancient burial ground many miles from here. On those same nights when I return the maidens to their homes, I raid the burial ground and bring back some long departed soul’s remains.”
“I still don’t understand.”
“Insurance. If the villagers think I’m dangerous, they leave me alone. Take away that threat and they’ll be all over the place with torches and pitchforks. Kill the monster, they’ll be shouting, even though I mean them no harm. It’s easy to be brave and tough against one who won’t fight back.”
Kieran heard the dragon’s words, and despite all she had been told prior, chose to believe them. There was a sincerity in this creature that few of her own race possessed. She knew he was not the deceiver others would have her think. “So you’re going to let me go?”
He nodded. “And I shall deliver you back home, or anywhere else you wish me to deposit you. I only have one request of my own.”
“Name it.”
“I need you to scream for me, to keep up the ruse. I roar. You scream. I spit a few fireballs, set a tree or two on fire, and we’re done. The villagers are appeased for another month or so.”
Kieran smiled at the logic of it all. This dragon was deceitful, but only to keep his scaly hide in one piece for a little while longer. “I guess I can do that much.”
The dragon smiled—smiled—then reached forth a claw and with a swipe, cut loose the ropes binding her. Grateful, Kieran rubbed at the raw skin of her wrists, and took a trusting step towards him. “By the way, my name’s Kieran.”
“And I am Mohng. It is a great pleasure to meet you, Kieran. Now. Ready?”
At her nod, Mohng reared back his head and a roar that shook the forest all around them issued from deep within him. As it died out, Kieran took a deep breath and screamed for him, the shrillest, most heartfelt scream she had ever screamed. She cut it off abruptly as Mohng roared again and lit up the night with the fire he spewed from deep in his throat. The nearest tree, an already charred oak went up in a great gout of flame. He continued to breathe fire for another minute or so, swaying his head back and forth to make the display even more impressive. When he stopped, all was silent in the forest again, save for the crackling sound of the blazing oak.
“That will satisfy them now, at least for another few weeks.” Mohng said, and Kieran found it hard to suppress a chuckle. “Now that you kept up your end of the bargain, I shall honor mine. I will take you anywhere I can fly.”
“Deceiver!”
The shout startled them both. Kieran was surprised to see her new friend stumble back a step at the sudden voice that issued from the dark. She whirled in the direction of the shout.
From behind the flaming oak stepped a figure that was all too familiar to her in the last hour. Lazy Eye stepped into the light, a pitchfork held before him in defense. Mohng wasn’t kidding about the pitchfork. What is it about these people?
“I’ve had my suspicions about you for awhile now, dragon. I knew you couldn’t be trusted.” Lazy Eye stabbed the air with his weapon for emphasis. “You’re dead now. When I tell the rest of the village what I overheard, they’ll be back for your hide.”
Beside her, Kieran heard Mohng mutter, “Oh, please.”
Lazy Eye continued ranting at the top of his voice, gesturing wildly with the pitchfork. Kieran looked up at her new friend. “Sure you can’t make an exception about eating someone just this once?”
Mohng made a face that told her the very thought nauseated him. “No, but I can do this.”
Rearing his head back, the dragon gave one great belch of flame, a fireball that struck the base of the oak like cannon-shot. Roots and all, the tree erupted from the ground, flying several feet into the air, before toppling over onto Lazy Eye, who had just enough time for one feeble shout before being crushed beneath its smoldering trunk.
Kieran looked up at the dragon, eyes wide. “Impressive.”
“Thank you. It’s all in the way you angle the shot.”
The dragon sighed, looking wistfully at the scorched earth all around. “I was becoming rather fond of this area, but I have no choice now. I have to move on. Once the villagers find out I took the life of one of their own, no sacrifice will do. They’ll be coming for blood.”
“I’m sorry. I never meant to stir up any trouble like this.” Kieran placed a hand on Mohng’s scaly shoulder. “Just wanted to get to the seashore to do some fishing.”
“Fishing, you say?” Mohng sounded contemplative. “I always did enjoy the seashore. Perhaps we could travel together?”
Kieran felt suddenly dizzy. Travel with a dragon? Well, at least it will keep me from being abducted by any more nutcase village people. With a smile she replied, “Mohng, I’d be delighted.”
Echoing her smile, Mohng extended a forelimb and helped heft Kieran onto his back. Straddling his neck, she gripped his scales as she felt his muscles tense beneath her. The sudden rush of adrenaline coursing through her was intoxicating.
On the wings of a dragon, Kieran Nightshade took to the sky.
The Dragon Thief

The throne room was tomb silent; the creaking of the rope and her own breathing the only sounds as Kieran Nightshade descended from the rafters. Thin shafts of moonlight streaming in through the floor-to-ceiling stained glass windows were the only illumination, making the floor seem further away than it was. Well, not the only illumination, Kieran thought, spying her objective in the glass case next to the throne on the far side of the room.
Her hands sweaty, she lost her grip and slid several feet a little faster than she liked before stopping herself. Swaying like a pendulum, she halted her descent, waiting until her breathing slowed a little closer to normal before continuing to drop.
How do you get yourself into these situations, Nightshade? Just can’t leave well enough alone, can you? Well this time you can blame it on Mohng and that bleeding heart of his. His idea, and you’re the one sneaking into the castle. He better get here on time, or his heart really will be bleeding.
She finished chiding herself and slipped the last few feet to the floor, eyes darting to the doorways, waiting for the squeal of hinges and the expected rush of guards. When all remained quiet, she turned her attention to the throne and, more importantly, the case beside it. As quietly as her booted feet would allow, she padded her way across the floor to the dais and up the steps.
The blue glow of the object in the case grew more intense as she drew near, and she hoped that the increase would not draw any attention.
This is crazy. This is sooo crazy. You’re not a professional thief. Hell, you’re not even an amateur thief! Every time you head to Delva Shien to do some fishing you get sidetracked. And this track is waaayy to the side.
Ascending the dais, Kieran was grateful for the plush carpet that ran up the steps to the foot of the throne, masking the sound of her footsteps, which she was sure would otherwise be echoing loudly in the massive room. Reaching the top step, she paused, and her breath caught in her throat.
The object was glowing bright enough now that one could easily read by it. About twice the size of her fist, the orb floated with no visible means of suspension in the center of the case. Kieran thought she heard the faintest hint of music, some sort of otherworldly tune, emitting from within, and the light seemed to flicker with the rhythm. The display captivated her, halting her advance for a long moment.
A sound, the slightest creak, brought Kieran out of her reverie. Heart pounding, she shook her head, and the music seemed to cease, though the light from the orb continued to strobe in time to the inaudible beat. She looked around for the source of the sound that had brought her back to the present, shielding her eyes against the glow that prevented her from seeing into the shadows.
They were on her too quick for her to react. Two guards, armed with muskets, burst from hidden alcoves disguised by floor to ceiling tapestries on either side of the throne. One leveled his weapon at Kieran’s head, while the other checked her for weapons, removing the lone knife from her boot. “Queen Londara doesn’t like intruders,” the guard said, waving the blade in her face.
Kieran affected an air of astonishment. “Intruder? Why, whatever do you mean? I’m not intruding. I was on my way to Delva Shien to do some fishing. Must’ve taken a wrong turn.”
She rolled her eyes at her explanation. Wrong turn? Cripes, Nightshade, you don’t even believe your own excuse. It’s the dungeon for sure if Mohng doesn’t get here right quick.
Each guard grabbing her by an arm, they signaled to a third that had appeared from another alcove. Light from the corridor spilled into the room as the sentry opened the massive main door, silhouetting a shadowy figure waiting outside.
The figure was obscured by shapeless black robes, but as it drew closer Kieran could see it was a woman. Even in the muted moonlight, the woman’s beauty was enchanting. Alabaster skin and hair the color of gold framed a face with the most piercing dark eyes Kieran had ever seen. They were too dark. The kind of dark that one found in the deepest recesses of the land. The kind of dark that could squelch even the brightest flame.
Only evil could have so dark a quality, and it made Kieran shiver.
Londara regarded her with a polite smile, looking her over like cattle at market, and that made Kieran shiver again. “So young,” she observed, as she reached up, gently grasping Kieran’s chin between long, slender fingers. Kieran got the distinct mental image of a spider observing its next meal. The dark eyes darted to one of the sentries. “They get younger all the time, don’t they?”
Don’t like the sound of that, and I’m not even sure what she means. The guard’s chuckle only served to reinforce her dread.
The queen turned away and stepped over to the glass case, running her fingers across the top. “You weren’t interested in this, were you, Little One?” She turned, giving Kieran a look that made her feel as though her gaze was piercing through her soul. “You do know that it’s wrong to take things that don’t belong to you, don’t you?”
“A lesson someone should have taught you,” Kieran said, a sudden feeling of empowerment washing over her. “I came from the village your people stole this from. I’ve been hired with getting it back.”
Londara threw her head back, laughing. “You? They must have been truly desperate.”
Now Kieran shot her a piercing look. “I have big friends.”
Another laugh. “Not so big as mine, I think.” Opening the case, she reached in and pulled the orb out, cradling it in both hands. “This belongs to my master. When he arrives he will claim it from me, and we will then rule this land together.”
Lancets of energy were spiking from the orb in Kieran’s direction, and she jerked back as each successive jolt drew nearer. She struggled against the guards, but their grip was too strong. The queen watched her reactions and laughed again. “You see? It is attracted to your life force. The younger the quarry, the stronger the pull. My master and I will use it to replenish ourselves and we will be unstoppable.”
A smile crept across her face, full of dark malevolence, dropping the temperature in the chamber several degrees. “No child in this realm will be safe.”
Kieran choked back the wave of nausea that threatened to overtake her. “You are a sick, twisted creature.”
The smile faded, dark eyes piercing into Kieran’s soul. “And you, my dear, are the first of many to give your young life for our cause.”
She cupped the orb tighter and one of the tendrils of energy lanced further and touched Kieran’s chest. The effect was immediate. Kieran felt her body temperature plummet, and her eyes began to grow heavy. Her legs buckled at the knees and she would have dropped to the floor had the guards not been holding her under the arms.
The tendril withdrew back into the orb, which had turned a cold white, and the light began to spread through the queen’s hands and up her arms, disappearing up the sleeves of her robes. She gasped as she was overtaken by the effect, her head thrown back and her breathing quickening. As the life pulse faded, her eyes flittered open and Kieran could see that they were completely black now, not just her pupils. The serpentine smile returned. “You are delicious, my dear.”
Feel so weak. Kieran fought the clouds that were filling her mind. Mohng’s a no-show. If I don’t try something now, I’m finished.
She took a deep breath, willing her body to pull up whatever reserves of strength it had left. The sight of another tendril arcing its way towards her gave her the adrenaline rush she needed.
She smashed the heel of her boot down onto the bridge of the foot of the guard to her left, and the sound of bone crunching she heard just before the guard screamed gave her a small measure of satisfaction. Releasing her, he fell to the floor as he cradled his wounded foot.
With the second guard still clutching her arm, Kieran twisted and levered herself to one side, lifting him off of his feet. The movement sent him flying over her shoulder, crashing down atop the first guard. His musket, which had been thrown from his grasp, fell neatly into Kieran’s grasp.
Rather than drawing back at Kieran’s sudden escape, Londara charged. Fingers like talons raked the air as she slashed at Kieran’s face. Dodging, Kieran swung the butt of the musket up and around, catching the queen in the jaw with a loud crack that wrenched her head to the side, staggering her.
Righting the musket, Kieran fired a wild shot at the guard by the doorway, causing him to dive for cover. She bounded down the steps of the dais, racing for the door, hoping she could make it through before he could recover.
Another tendril of energy lanced by over her head, and the door slammed shut once more just as she reached it. Spinning on her heel, she saw the queen stalking down the steps after her, the orb glowing a fierce blood red now as it fed off of her anger. It loosed another bolt in her direction that she was just able to dodge, but the move caused her to lose her footing and she tumbled to the cold stone floor.
Londara stood a short distance away, backlit by the moonlight through the stained glass so that she appeared as a silhouette. The crimson glow of the orb turned her facial features into a spectral mask. Those dark eyes seethed with fury.
The doorway guard had recovered and dragged Kieran back to her feet, shoving a flintlock pistol under her chin. He held her at bay as the queen drew in closer. The other two sentries were back on their feet, murder in their eyes as they looked in her direction.
“I was prepared to let you die quickly, little thief,” Londara’s words slurred from the blow to her chin. Kieran noted that a thin trickle of blood was flowing from her nose and side of her mouth. “Now you die, slow and painful. Your shriveled body will be put on display for all to see. A reminder to those who would so foolishly oppose me.”
She raised the orb, crackling with all the dark energy she willed into it through her hatred. A pair of crimson tendrils began to snake forth.
At that moment, a shadow loomed through the stained glass, blotting out all the moonlight. Seconds later, the windows shattered inward. In surprise, the guard released Kieran. The queen turned, robes flowing like wings as she spun to face this new threat.
Mohng had arrived.
The dragon bellowed; a roar so great that whatever glass was left in the panes was shaken loose. His outspread wings stretched from one wall of the chamber to the other. The floor shook as he settled his great mass to the ground.
The queen, though shocked, reacted immediately, and thrust the orb out before her with a scream of her own. Lightning arced out towards the dragon, ricocheting harmlessly off the armor plating of his scales. She loosed another volley with the same ineffectiveness.
Rearing his head back, Mohng struck at the queen like a cobra. In a heartbeat, she had disappeared within his toothy maw.
The four remaining humans in the room stood still as statues, waiting to see what happened next. The dragon had frozen as well, a decidedly sick look on its face. Its cheeks bulged in spots where the queen, not yet ingested, was fighting to be released.
Kieran found her voice. “Eat her!”
The dragon looked panicked, shaking its head as it drew back. The copper-colored scales around his cheeks and eyes were turning a pale green. From the way its throat was convulsing, Kieran could see he was retching. If he’s going to be sick, I’ll kill him.
Lightning began to trickle out around the folds of Mohng’s mouth even as the dragon began to gag more violently, and Kieran knew she had to spur her companion on before the queen could bring the full power of the orb to bear on his insides. “Mohng, do something! Now!”
His head reared back, and Kieran thought she heard a muted rumble from somewhere deep within. Whipping his head toward the shattered windows, he belched. Engulfed in flame, the queen flew from his mouth and out the window. Her screams carried as she crashed into the valley hundreds of feet below.
The sentry beside her dropped his pistol as he turned and fled. His compatriots took one look at the still retching beast and followed in his footsteps. Kieran picked up the weapon and waved it in the dragon’s direction.
“What the hell was that? Big, tough dragon nearly pukes in the middle of his dramatic entrance because he can’t even handle the thought of eating someone? And your timing could have been a little better too, you know!”
If Mohng heard the tirade, he was not inclined to show it. Rather, the dragon was spitting out small globs of phlegm, then scraping his tongue across the stone floor. Kieran thought he still looked a little green around the scales. “You know my allergies keep me from ingesting man-flesh.”
“This was different. She was a woman.”
The dragon shook his head violently from one side to the other, then stuck its tongue in her direction. “Wook aah mah dohngue. Doos ih loohg swahllen do ooh?”
Kieran rolled her eyes, slapping his tongue away, making it recoil back into his mouth. “You’re pathetic. You know, your brother would have manned-up and just swallowed that crackpot whole.”
Mohng looked insulted, and his voice showed his disdain as well. “Toadstool? He’s not exactly the most reliable chap to bring along on an adventure such as this.”
“And you are? Arrive any later and I would already be a corpse!”
“You forgot to give the signal.”
“I’m sorry. I was a little busy fighting for my life!” Kieran paused, approaching the window where Mohng had spit the queen out, peering into the valley below. “And on top of it all, we’ve lost the orb as well.”
“You mean this?” Mohng was moving his tongue around inside his mouth in a way that made Kieran think he had started retching again, but a moment later it popped from between his teeth, the orb held out on its forked end. It had returned to its original pale blue, and Kieran thought she could hear the faint music again. 
Hesitant after what she had seen this thing do, she reached out and plucked it from him. It was surprisingly cool to the touch, glowing just a shade warmer as it fed, gently this time, off of her life’s energies. “I don’t know what to do with this thing. I know we said we would return it to the village, but after experiencing even just a little of what this thing can do, I don’t want to see it fall into the wrong hands again. And all her talk about her master was really creeping me out.” 
Mohng lowered his head to examine it more closely. “We could bring it before the council of elder dragons. They would be able to protect it.”
Kieran canted her head. “Your people have a council?”
“Yes. Of elders.”
Kieran rolled her eyes again. Mohng could be so obtuse sometimes. “Probably the best choice, I guess. Your people aren’t power hungry like mine are. If anyone can keep it away from this master of hers, it’s the dragons.”
Dropping the orb into the pouch slung at her side, she grabbed the scales of Mohng’s shoulders and began climbing onto his back. “I guess we’re off to see your elders.”
Mohng looked back over his shoulder at her, a hopeful gleam in his feline eyes. “And then maybe to Delva Shien for some fishing?”
“We’ll see.”
“You said that the last time, before you got us into this fracas.”
“I got us into this? You volunteered me, remember?
“I volunteered you to retrieve the orb, not get captured by the queen.”
“That’s it! No fishing!”
“Oh please?”
“Mohng…”
The Counsel of Dragons
The air in the chamber was hot and still, heavy with the smell of ozone, burning the back of Kieran Nightshade’s throat as she tried not to breathe too deeply. Despite the heat, she had trouble warding off a chill. Behind her, a low voice rumbled close to her ear.
“You have nothing to fear, you know. You have been invited. You are under the council’s protection…and mine.”
She looked back over her shoulder. All she could see of her friend in the darkness were his lamplight eyes, and the craggy outline of his scaled head. She placed a hand on the dragon’s snout. “I know, Mohng. It’s just that I’ve never been around this many of your…people before.”
“Not many have. It is very rare that a human is allowed amongst the council, but this is a special circumstance.”
“You could have just brought the orb yourself. I didn’t need to come.”
“You retrieved the orb from Queen Londara. She spoke to you of her intentions to use the orb. You must be the one to tell the council.”
“And you are the one who turned the Queen into a shrieking ball of flame. Did you tell them that when you requested this meeting?”
She felt the dragon recoil at the memory. “I still get heartburn thinking about that.”
“Heartburn? You didn’t even eat her.”
Mohng‘s reply was cut short as torchlight appeared around the bend of a corner from a tunnel across the chamber. A lone figure emerged, and began lighting torches as it rounded the chamber. As it passed where she and Mohng waited, Kieran could see it was male, and by the angular features of his face, and point of his ears that it was not human.
An elf! I never thought I’d see one in this part of the country.
Mohng replied as though he had read her thoughts. “There has always been a strong bond between the elf-folk and my people, going back centuries, since the men cast us both out of their society.”
There was sadness in the dragon’s voice that Kieran had never heard before. She knew that most of the races of Druimoor kept to themselves nowadays, the backlash of some long-ago war, the reason for which most beings now could not even remember. But judging by Mohng’s reaction, it bothers the dragons.
The elf finished lighting the sconces, then moved to a pit in the center of the chamber and tossed in his torch. The pit erupted in flame, and in the firelight Kieran could see just how immense the chamber was. There were several more tunnels leading away into the darkness, only these were large enough to fit a Diverian battle wagon through. Or a really big dragon. Or dragons.
With the stealth characteristic of his people, the elf faded back into the darkness of the tunnel he had emerged from. All was quiet once again, save for the heavy sound of Mohng’s breathing.
After a moment, another sound from one of the larger tunnels caught Kieran’s attention, something akin to the sound of leather dragging across stones. The slithering multiplied as it sounded from a second tunnel, and a third, fourth, and fifth.
From each of the darkened tunnels, tiny, dual lamplights appeared, growing larger until Kieran realized that they were eyes like Mohng’s. Like specters, dragons emerged from the tunnels, moving to take positions encircling the fire pit. Each of the five council dragons were as different from one another as men were from elves, and elves were from dwarves.
The council had arrived.
An impressive looking dragon with deep red scales and golden horns spoke up, addressing the others in his rumbling dragon-speak. He spoke for several minutes, pausing only for short interjections from the others. Kieran, her knowledge of their language limited to a few key phrases Mohng had taught her, had no idea what was being said. She was more than a little surprised when she understood the next phrase clearly. “Kieran Nightshade, come forth. Approach the council.”
At that moment Kieran thought she might choke on her own heart, which had suddenly seemed to lodge in her throat. Old doubts about the honor of dragons began to creep in. She had an unshakeable trust in Mohng, but she was unsure about others of his kind. And every one of them is bigger than Mohng by half.
Mohng gave her a gentle push with his snout. “Remember, they have vowed your protection. This is a safe place, and I am with you.”
Reassured, though not relieved, she took a deep breath and stepped forward into the firelight, taking solace at the sound of Mohng’s footsteps behind her. Despite the assurances, she was still afraid her nervousness would cause her to throw up. And wouldn’t that make a great first impression?
She looked around at every council member, summoning enough courage to meet each dragon’s gaze. For the most part, the looks they returned were curious, even congenial, though she was in no way an expert on dragon facial expressions. It was the look of the large grey dragon to Mohng’s left that gave her pause. There was no mistaking the look of disdain directed at her. Despite her proximity to the firepit, Kieran forced back a shiver.
“We of the council welcome you, Kieran Nightshade,” the red-gold dragon said. “It has been a long time since one of your people has stood among us.”
“Not long enough for some of us,” the grey grumbled just loud enough to be heard.
The red glanced briefly in the grey’s direction, but made no reprimand. He refocused on Kieran. “You have earned a dragon’s loyalty and friendship. No easy feat for a human. Therefore we shall deem you worthy of being heard by us. I am Sabic.” He inclined his head in her direction.
Kieran was unsure how to respond. She and Mohng had never discussed dragon protocols. Does one curtsey in front of a dragon? She settled on returning the bowed head. “I am honored. Thank you for seeing me.”
As a show of respect that she and Mohng did discuss, she pulled a flintlock pistol–the only weapon she ever carried–from the sash around her waist and, kneeling, placed it on the ground and stepped away.
The dragons of the council all murmured their approval at the gesture. All, except the grey, who scoffed, “She lays her weapon at our feet, as though she could do us harm with it anyway.”
“Enough, Nimodo,” Sabic countered. “She is our guest, and has shown us the proper respect. You will accord her the same.”
Nimodo said nothing more, but the look he shot Kieran spoke volumes. One of these days, I think he and I are going to have a serious disagreement.
Sabic looked around the chamber, waiting for any of the others to make a challenge. Satisfied that all was at peace once more, he fixed his feline gaze back on Kieran. “Now, Miss Nightshade, please reveal to us what you have brought.”
Kieran felt more than a bit hesitant. How could she be sure that their intentions were honorable, and that this was not some great act of deceit?
She looked back at Mohng. He remained quiet, and met her gaze for the barest moment. Kieran saw nothing but serene confidence in his face. She trusted him with every fiber of her being. Nimodo aside, if Mohng trusted the council, she would as well.
Stepping forward once more, she reached into the pouch at her hip, feeling the warmth of the object before she touched it. Its soft, blue light blazed forth from her pack, casting eerie shadows in the depths of the chamber. The orb was near weightless and as she cupped it in her hand, Kieran could just hear the faint, otherworldly music that emanated from within. Several of the dragons gasped audibly at the sight.
“The Orb of Sephedris,” a blue-green female to Kieran’s right said, a mixture of awe and fear in her voice. “The rumors are rumors no more.”
Sabic craned his neck, squinting to get a better look. “It indeed looks to be. It has been such a long time since it was last seen that we took it to be lost forever.” He looked more directly at Kieran. “You say it was found in a village?”
“We were approached by the villagers of Weetamoo, who told us it had been stolen from them,” she answered. “They were the ones who hired us to retrieve it.”
“Kept in a village,” Sabic said, more to himself than Kieran. The concern in his voice was palpable. “But the village is not where you came upon it?”
Kieran shook her head. “In the castle of Queen Londara of the Northlands. Needless to say she won’t come looking for it.”
“We know of Londara,” said the female beside Kieran. “If she is gone, this can only be a good thing.”
“I would not rejoice too quickly, Minic,” Sabic said. “If she knew of the orb, then others must as well. Others more powerful than she.”
“She spoke of having a master,” Kieran interjected. “That’s the reason we brought this here to you instead of returning it to the village. I’ve seen its power up close. I didn’t want it falling into the wrong hands again.”
“And you were right to do so,” Sabic said, “You honor us with your trust. You will be welcome before us again.” He gestured to the dragon beside him, the smallest of the group with a more serpentine body and golden scales. “Shen Tzin and the Eastern clans will be able to keep it safe, I think.”
Shen Tzin inclined his head. “You honor my clan with this task. Rest assured, Kieran Nightshade. Should any come to claim the orb without the blessing of the council, they shall find it a most difficult undertaking.”
Kieran took heart at the words. She knew her people to be generally distrustful of dragons, but in the past months since she had met Mohng, she was learning they were more trustworthy than many of her own race.
The exception being Nimodo. The grey was still eyeing her with venom in his gaze. She knew if she should encounter him on her own, the outcome would not be pleasant.
“We of the council now have other business to discuss with Mohng, alone,” Sabic said. “Dharien here will show you where you may wait.”
Kieran was startled by the elf’s sudden, silent reappearance at her side. He favored her with the same warm smile he had before, gesturing back toward the tunnel through which she and Mohng had entered.
She looked to Mohng, who nodded. “It will be alright, Kieran. I will be along shortly.”
Still hesitant, Kieran picked up her flintlock and followed Dharien out of the chamber. Almost immediately, the dragons began speaking again, this time in their own tongue. Should have paid more attention when Mohng tried to teach me his language, she thought, straining to make out what was being said.
They walked several minutes, following a climbing, twisting corridor before reaching another chamber. A small wooden bench along one wall was the sole piece of furniture. A hole in one wall provided a natural window looking down on the council chamber, but from this height, even Sabic looked tiny, and their conversation was barely a whisper.
Kieran turned, thinking to strike up a conversation with her guide, but he had disappeared again, but not before leaving a pot of broth and some biscuits seated on the bench. I have got to learn how they sneak around like that.
She waited, sipping some of the broth and nibbling at a biscuit while listening to the muted, unintelligible conversation from below. After a few more moments had passed, she thought she heard an odd, shuffling sound coming from the corridor outside the chamber, growing louder with each passing moment. She knew it could not be her elf guide returning, or she would not have heard it at all.
The sound stopped just outside the chamber, far enough in the shadows to yet be invisible. Suddenly glad she had remembered to grab her flintlock, she pulled it from her belt, laying it casually beside her on the bench, but not before cocking the hammer back.
The next sound was a breath, or rather an inhalation, so strong it seemed to suck all the air from the chamber. Kieran’s hair fluttered in front of her face from its pull. A voice followed, so deep that it sounded like it was coming from further down the corridor than it actually was.
“Nightshade!” The voice had such force behind it that Kieran thought it could have lifted her off of the bench. Her heart hammered in her chest. “MacKenzie Nightshade! Is that your blood I smell, old friend?”
A face appeared in the entrance, a dragon face, grey of scale, and for a moment Kieran feared that Nimodo had come after her until it spoke again. “MacKenzie Nightshade, is that you?”
She examined the face closer. It was most definitely not Nimodo. This dragon was older, much older. Several horns on his snout were broken off. His right eye had a milky sheen to it and his left was missing, along with several scales above and below forming a jagged scar.
Kieran cleared her throat. “Nightshade, yes, but my name is Kieran. MacKenzie was my grandmother.”
The dragon moved further into the chamber, and Kieran was shocked by the roadmap of scars that criss-crossed its body. His left wing was a shredded remnant of its former glory while its right was no more than a stump.
“Grandmother? Humph. Cannot be that long.” The dragon cocked its head to favor her with its milky eye, then inhaled again. its nose mere inches from her body, giving a grunt of satisfaction. “You are definitely a Nightshade though, by the scent of you.”
“You knew my grandmother? I never even knew her.” Kieran informed him. “She disappeared before I was even born.”
“A shame. One of the finest warriors I ever knew.”
Kieran’s head swam. Warrior? This is getting too weird. “Not to be rude, but who are you?”
The dragon’s head reared back in surprise, as though the idea of having to introduce himself seemed ludicrous. “I am Scalebiter.”
Kieran did know that name. “You’re head of the council, aren’t you? Why aren’t you down there with the rest of them?”
Scalebiter gave a sound from deep down, a cross between a cough and a sigh. “I may head the council, but my words are no longer heard.” He shuffled forward, dragging one rear leg behind him—the slithering sound Kieran had heard—and looked down upon the council far below. “I am a figurehead now. No more. The council does not wish to acknowledge that which I know all too well.
“War is coming to our land once more. Soon.”
Kieran felt a sudden chill, knowing full well that it was not because of any draft in the chamber. “How can you be sure?”
“I have lived long enough to recognize the signs. The reappearance of the Orb of Sephedris when it was supposed to have been destroyed long ago is but one. The fact that the council allows one like that dark-hearted Nimodo to sit among them is another.”
That made Kieran feel a little better. “Not a fan, huh?”
“We dragons are a generally peaceful race, as I’m sure you’ve learned, but that Nimodo would see us ally ourselves with those dark races that would bring despair and ruin to the land. Do you know of the wars that lead to the separation of the peoples of Druimoor, child?”
She shook her head. “Some stories. Legends, mostly. Nothing you’d call a definitive history.”
“They are not legends. That much is certain. I know. I was there.”
“Seven hundred years ago, when I was barely out of my egg, a dark force came to our land. They came from across the seas, bent on conquest. They called themselves the Vawwn, a mix of men, trolls and other vile creatures.”
Inwardly, Kieran hoped that Scalebiter was not counting men amongst those vile creatures.
“The peoples of Druimoor united to turn back the invaders,” Scalebiter continued. “But the cost was terrible. Tens of thousands perished. The dwarves of the southern plains are all but extinct now. Entire cities were crushed into dust, but in the end, the Vawwn were turned back, back across the sea to the dark place from which they had come.”
“The humans wanted to pursue the Vawwn, to lay waste to their lands they way they had to ours, but the elves, weary of years of fighting, refused, and my people joined them.” 
As the dragon paused, he seemed to shrink in Kieran’s eyes; the burden of seven centuries coming to rest upon his shoulders. He looked older now than when he first entered the chamber.
“The humans cursed us for cowards and traitors. The rift has not healed since. Elves and humans, once the strongest of allies, became bitter rivals, at best. My people retired to the mountains and forests, and became reviled amongst men.”
Kieran looked away from him, ashamed by that fact. She had seen firsthand how humans reacted to dragons. It was, in fact, that misunderstanding that had brought her and Mohng together. The lies told by her people about dragons were nothing short of blasphemy. 
“Years back, long before you were born, the Vawwn made another incursion. It was a far smaller number of invaders this time, but formidable nonetheless. And for the first time in centuries, the races of Druimoor came together to repel the incursion. MacKenzie Nightshade was among them. We fought at each others’ side. She was a cunning warrior. It was her valor at Quil’damoor that saved the day. She slew the Vawwn chieftain and turned the tide of the battle. It was not long before the wretched creatures slunk back once more to their dark lands.”
Kieran’s head was swimming. My grandmother, a warrior, and a hero at that! Why hasn’t any ever told me these things? There was too much information to process. She sat on the ground in front of Scalebiter, shaking her head to clear it.
“They will come again, soon,” the dragon intoned. “Not today, not tomorrow, but within your lifetime, and mine. And there is not much life left in me.”
“How can you be sure?”
Scalebiter gave her what she had learned to be the dragon approximation of a smile, but there was no humor in it. “The cycle is always the same. I have seen it too often to not be sure.”
“What cycle?”
Scalebiter either did not hear her last inquiry, or chose to ignore it. “Prepare yourself, Kieran Nightshade. The darkness is coming. The time will come when our land will require the skills of your family once more.”
“What skills? I’m no warrior. I can’t even fish!”
Again, either unhearing or indifferent, Scalebiter failed to answer. He turned, shuffling back the way he had come. He paused before entering the corridor, looking back over his shoulder. “When I see your grandmother again, I will give her your regards,” he said, and melted back into the darkness.
Still somewhat stunned by all she had learned, it took her several moments to react to his sudden departure. By the time she reached the tunnel, Scalebiter had disappeared.
Another sound from the opposite end of the corridor, and Mohng came lumbering into view, humming softly to himself the way he always did when lost in thought. He stopped as he drew nearer, cocking his head and sniffing the air. “I see you have met my third-father.”
“Scalebiter is your grandfather?”
“I believe that to be the term your people use. Yes, he is my father’s father. He is the reason we were granted permission to meet with the council.”
So, maybe the old devil’s influence isn’t as stale as he wanted me to believe. Maybe he’s wrong about the coming war too, she thought.
Something, deep inside her soul, told Kieran that he was not.
“Shen Tzin has already departed with the Orb. You can relax now. All is well.”
Kieran wanted desperately to believe her friend, but Scalebiter’s words kept coming back to her. Prepare yourself, Kieran Nightshade. The darkness is coming.
She looked up at Mohng. The look in his eyes told her what was coming next. “Now to Delva Shien and some fishing?”
Despite her dark mood, Kieran laughed at her friend. Always the optimist. “Sure. It’s probably about time we did. Then maybe to Val Goull for some cakes.”
“Ooh, cakes!” Mohng turned and began prancing down the corridor like a puppy. 
Kieran watched him a moment before following in his wake, wishing she could share in his lightened mood. Sadly, she could not.
The darkness was coming, and Kieran knew it would be soon.
Leaving the Farm
An Excerpt from
The Starhawk Chronicles

The heat of the midmorning sun was already unbearable as it beat down upon the plains of Bonaba Six. K’Tran removed his frayed straw hat and mopped the sweat that was pooling on his brow for the third time in the last few minutes. Squinting against the glare of the sun, he watched as the shepherd droids fanned out among the throngs of gravars, keeping them in line as they were led out to be watered. The gravars stood waist high and closely resembled sheep, but with the head and powerful hind legs of a jackrabbit thrown into the mix and a pair of sharp, bony tusks that curled back around their large ears. 
K’Tran silently thanked the gods that he was upwind this morning. It was getting close to mating season and the males gave off the most god-awful stench when trying to attract a mate. 
His mount twitched nervously at the metallic scraping sound his administrator droid’s knee-joints made as the automaton approached from the main house. K’Tran silently cursed the two-legged bogo for its skittishness, then cursed himself. The bloated, reptilian bogos were superior pack animals well suited to Bonaba Six’s harsh conditions, but their inherent jitteriness made them less than adequate as riding mounts. Should have spent the extra money and had some horses or camels brought in from one of the Earth colonies, he thought.
The administrator droid, an old EX series came up beside K’Tran’s mount. “Pardon me, Sir, but our sensors have picked up a groundcar on the road, heading in this direction.”
K’Tran looked towards the road. seeing a cloud of dust kicked up by the vehicle’s passing. Without thought, his hand went to his hip where he normally wore a sidearm, finding only empty air. 
“They haven’t signaled?”
“No, Sir. Do you want me to activate the defense systems?”
K’Tran could hear the whine of the groundcar’s repulsor engines now.  A moment later, the vehicle came slowly around the house, past the stables. It was an open-air rental job, a classy four-seater, its high-sheen crimson paint job dulled by the coating of dust it had picked up on the road. K’Tran took one look at the driver and shook his head at the droid’s inquiry. “No need for the defenses,” he said through his broad grin, which just as quickly faded. “At least, I hope not.”
He dismounted and handed the reins to the droid, slowly approaching the vehicle as it cruised to a stop. “Never in my life did I expect to see you here.”
Jesse Forster grinned as he raised himself in his seat and took the hand that K’Tran offered while using the other to remove his goggles. A fine coating of road dust had darkened his face, except for the area around where his goggles had been. He pulled a handkerchief from one pocket and proceeded to wipe his face. His dark blond hair had been blown every which way. “It’s been a long time, old friend. Nice hat.”
Suddenly conscious of his headgear, which worked well against blocking the sun, but looked rather silly on a man as big as he was, K’Tran whipped it off his head. “Yeah, it has been awhile,” he replied, gesturing toward the house. “How’s your mother?”
“She’s good,” Jesse followed the older man into the house. “She had to have her whole pelvis replaced after that hoverball mishap, but you know her. She was up and back on that court two days after the surgery.”
 The interior of the house was blessedly cool after the heat of outdoors. The main sitting room into which they entered was sparsely furnished. A worn easy chair, a small end table covered with a reading lamp, datapad, and piles of data cards, and some holographic prints dotting the walls were the only furnishings in the room.
“Caitlin never was one to just sit and take things easy.” K’Tran chuckled as he moved to the bar in the far corner, which appeared to be the best cared for area in the room. He poured them each a tall glass of Tyrosian brandy from an emerald decanter. Handing one to his young visitor he asked, “So how are things at the University? You ever get that xenoarchaeology class you were trying to get into?”
Jesse did not answer immediately, stalling further by taking a long sip of the brandy. He swallowed, and turned to gaze out the window, watching for a moment as the admin droid struggled to restrain the still nervously dancing bogo.
“I withdrew from the University almost two months ago.”
K’Tran swallowed the sip of brandy he had taken, nearly choking on it as it went down. “Jesse, no,” he said. “Your father always had hopes that you’d finish and get your degree.”
“My father also would have wanted his murder avenged.” Jesse’s reply was casual, matter-of-fact. He took another sip from his snifter.
K’Tran looked at him with exasperation. “Jesse, we had this discussion back after Thom died. I thought we agreed that…”
“Shontaia Thring was spotted on Braxiss,” Jesse cut him off. “We’re going after him.”
K’Tran stood speechless for a long moment, pondering the possibilities that Thring might even still be alive. The fact that no other hunters had gotten to him after all this time seemed a bit farfetched. It was true that K’Tran had been out of contact with most of the galactic events, but he was sure that news like that would have found its way back to him. “We?”
“I have a team put together,” Jesse replied, without going into details. “I had the ‘hawk taken out of mothballs and refitted. Took the remainder of my university tuition, but she’s in better condition now than when you and Dad flew her.”
“And you came here to offer me a chance to join up with you?”
“We could use you. You have the most experience with Thring. You and Dad got the closest to him and would have nailed him if he hadn’t killed Dad first.”
K’Tran was shaking his head. “I’m retired,” he replied, and finished off his brandy with one quick swig. “Bounty hunting’s not a job for an old man like me, or for a young man like you, for that matter. Your father didn’t want you to follow in his footsteps. And your mother…”
“My mother,” Jesse cut him off again, “has accepted my decision. She doesn’t like it, but she accepts it.”
K’Tran shook his head again. “I’m sorry, kid, but I can’t. Look around you,” he waved his brandy snifter around for emphasis. “I’ve got a responsibility here. I poured a lot of credits into this place. I can’t just up and leave it.”
“I understand,” K’Tran knew from the tone of his friends’ voice that  he was telling the truth. The younger man was looking out the large bay window onto the main pasture. The herd of gravars was far in the distance now, but the soft honking sound they made still carried across the plains. A few stragglers were visible, their round, wooly bodies seemingly glowing in the sun. Two shepherd droids were trying to coax them into joining the rest of the group.
 “It is a very impressive spread here,” Jesse said, turning back to his old friend. “I know you must be busy. Almost time to take your stock to market. I’ll let you get back to your work.” 
He held out his hand, which K’Tran shook firmly. “I’m glad you see things my way. I just wish I could talk you out of this.”
“Not a chance.”
K’Tran slapped his young friend’s shoulder. “I’ll walk you to your transport.”
The two of them stepped back out into the harsh sunlight, the screen door squealing as it shut behind them. The admin droid was still standing by the fence, holding the reins of the bogo, which hopped nervously from foot to foot and gave a shrill cry of discontent. 
They shook hands once more and Jesse climbed into his vehicle. Pulling on his goggles, he looked around again as he brought the engines out of standby mode. “Yep. A very impressive spread. You’ve done well for yourself.” 
He leaned back in the control couch and took a deep breath, his face suddenly scrunching up into a grimace. “Don’t know how you can stand the smell though. Gravars certainly aren’t the cleanest critters around. Still, I guess after a while you don’t even notice it.” 
“Umm, yeah,” K’Tran answered, without enthusiasm. He looked around again. The wind had shifted, and the scent of the gravar’s mating pheromones hit him especially hard, made worse by the intense heat. Intense, considering this was Bonaba Six’s cool season. When summer came around, the place was hellish indeed. Don’t notice, my ass, he thought.
 His eyes fell on the bogo, more jumpy than ever from the whine of Jesse’s engines. The admin droid was having a harder time keeping the beast under control. The bogo kept jerking back on his haunches, lifting the rather heavy droid off its feet.
“Well, so long, old friend,” Jesse said, reaching for the accelerator. K’Tran grabbed his arm before it got there.
 “Wait!” he said, climbing over the side and into the passenger seat. “Let’s take a look at this crew you put together. Least I can do.”
Jesse grinned and gunned the engines. The resultant backfire caused the skittish bogo to run, paying no heed to the droid’s commands to stop as it dragged along behind still clutching the reins.
* * *
Bonaba Six had no real spaceport to speak of, merely a scorched piece of prairieland with a control tower and a few ramshackle maintenance sheds. The Starhawk sat between two of the sheds, the crew bustling about making minor repairs when Jesse’s groundcar floated up. Hurriedly dropping their tools, they ran to assemble in front of the ship’s boarding ramp, like troops lining up for inspection.
K’Tran groaned as he watched the group gathering before them. Not that he disliked the look of them, for he knew each of them as well as he knew Jesse. The problem he saw right away was that they were so young. Each one was as young as, or younger, than Jesse was.
One, in particular, made K’Tran’s heart jump. The pretty, young woman with coffee brown hair and matching eyes smiled and waved as they approached. He turned to Jesse as he was climbing out of the vehicle. “I can’t believe you dragged Lohren into this.”
“I didn’t drag anyone,” Jesse replied. “And you know Lohren. You tell her no and she just goes out and does something anyway. I figured my energies were better spent fighting someone other than her.”
K’Tran silently agreed, knowing from long experience the famed Tirannis tenacity, and climbed from the car. Lohren approached and gave him a warm hug and kiss. “It’s good to see you again,” she said.
The girl’s warmth was infectious, and he returned the smile. “You too. After being around droids and gravars the past few months, the sight of a pretty young thing like you is just what this old man needed.”
He was equally glad to see Podo and Lohren’s sister, Kym. A pleasant little party seemed to erupt with the reunion, everyone trying to tell a tale all at once. The festive atmosphere was not to last though, as K’Tran heard a familiar mechanical shuffling coming down the ship’s gangplank. With obvious reluctance, he turned to confirm his worst fear.
 The battered, gunmetal droid stood at the foot of the ramp, nodding toward him in one quick, jerking motion. “Hello K’Tran,” the droid offered.
K’Tran glared at the automaton for a long moment, then turned and looked at Jesse with disgust in his eyes. “I’d have thought that someone would have slagged his metal hide by now.”
Before Jesse could reply, Bokschh responded in kind. “That is funny. I would have thought the same of you.”
K’Tran sneered and reached for his sidearm for the second time that day before realizing he still was not wearing it. “Podo,” he said, looking over at the Warwick. “Blast him for me.”
Podo looked sheepish. He had not expected to be caught in the middle of the years-old argument. For a fraction of a second, he had actually started to reach for his sidearm, but caught himself.
“You ought to get rid of him,” K’Tran said to Jesse, jerking his head in the droid’s direction, making no attempt to keep his words secret. “That one’s nothing but trouble.”
“Bokschh is acting as my executive officer and ship’s procurement specialist,” Jesse answered hotly. “If it wasn’t for his know-how, we might never have gotten the ship refitted as quickly or as well as we did. I’m not about to jettison him just because you two have a bad history together.” 
He paused and took a few steps closer, meeting K’Tran’s glare. “Besides, you said you weren’t signing on. You’re just here to see what I put together, remember?”
K’Tran opened his mouth to reply; just as quickly closed it. He shot Bokschh a scornful look, then turned back to Jesse, a more sober expression on his face. “Right,” he said. “Well, let’s see what else you’ve done here.”

Meeting Lohren
An Excerpt from
The Starhawk Chronicles

The flight of four Confederate Phantoms dropped into an elongated diamond formation and fired two missiles each. The projectiles raced out half a kilometer ahead of the fighters, each splitting into four smaller warheads. All detonated in unison, erupting in a ring of fire in the purple tinged sky of Kassandra Two. The fighters then fell in behind one another only meters apart, racing through the shrinking center of the ring, resuming their diamond formation as soon as the last fighter was clear.
The crowd watching from the grandstand below went wild, cheering as the four Phantoms, now with tails of colored smoke trailing behind them, roared over the stands. Jesse and Podo screamed their enthusiasm as they, along with several other celebrants, saluted the fighter craft disappearing into the distance.
Patriotism was at an all-time high among members of the Confederation of Free Worlds. Victory after the long war with the Harkonian Empire had swelled attendance at military air shows like this to record numbers in recent years.
Beside them, Thom Forster smiled at the enthusiastic display of pride his two sons showed for the Confederation’s armed forces. “You two aren’t going to be able to talk if you keep screaming like that.”
Jesse and Podo looked up at their father, broad smiles painted across their young faces. Thom marveled at how much his teenage son resembled him, but the eyes belonged to his wife. “Who cares?” Jesse replied.
“Yeah!” Podo thrust a stubby paw into the air. “Go Confeds! Whoooo!”
Thom laughed, but the sound was drowned out by an announcer over the loudspeakers proclaiming in several languages an end to this segment of the show, and that the pilots would be out on the airstrip with their fighters for questions and answers and holo opportunities.
“Frigid!” the boys exclaimed, Podo thrusting a paw into one of the pouches on the vest he was wearing, producing a holo-camera.
“I’m set,” the young Warwick rose from his seat, making a beeline for the exit, cutting several beings off in his haste.
Jesse and Thom were less obtrusive, waiting their turn to clear out of their seats. Jesse looked up at his father. “Are you coming with us?”
“Only onto the airfield,” Thom placed a hand on his son’s shoulder. “There are supposed to be a few pilots from my old squadron in attendance today. I’m going to see if I can’t look them up. You boys can go do what you want. Just behave yourselves, and remember, our shuttle home leaves at seven.”
“No problem whatsoever,” Jesse held out his hand, looking up at Thom expectantly.
Laughing again, Thom reached into his pocket, pulling out several credits and dropping them into Jesse’s hand. “Try not to spend it all at once,” he said, using his best fatherly voice, the one he knew both of his sons had learned not take too seriously. “And go easy on the goortberry fizzes. Your mother will have my hide if I bring you two back sick again.”
“No problem whatsoever,” Jesse echoed, turning to catch up to Podo, who had already made it out of the stands and down onto the field. As he approached his adopted brother, he held up the handful of credits. “We are golden.”
Podo’s face broke into a broad grin again. “Frigid!” The two exchanged what they called a high four, taking into account that Podo had only four digits per paw.
Podo jabbered about which fighters he wanted to see, and how he was hoping that some of the pilots would be good enough to let him have his holo taken in the cockpit, but Jesse heard only part of it. He had been scanning the field, looking for the nearest fizz vendor, when he spotted her.  He had to do a double take because he was sure he was imagining things. Can’t be. There’s no such thing as a real, live angel.
She looked younger than Jesse by a year or two, but that fact made her no less stunning. Long, dark hair hung almost halfway down her back, framing the sweetest face Jesse had ever seen. Her coffee brown eyes had a mischievous gleam to them, and her small, perfect mouth looked as though it turned up in a smile far more often than ever showing anger or sorrow. She wore a bright pink jumper outfit that showed off her girlish frame without being obscenely tight.
At that moment, a small crowd of Khurpani tourists passed between them, Jesse straining to see around them, to keep this beautiful young thing in sight, nearly toppling over sideways in his efforts. When the crowd refused to obey his mentally directed orders to disperse, he pushed past Podo, forcing his way around the tour group. When he was finally clear, his heart sank into the pit of his stomach. The girl was gone.
Jesse spun around, looking in all directions, hoping to spot a flash of that bright pink jumper, to no avail. Cursing to himself, he kicked at the ground in frustration, sending up a small cloud of dust.
 Podo came running up from behind, face scrunched up in a quizzical fashion. “Was I boring you? What was that all about?”
Jesse gave the area one last search, coming up empty yet again. “Nothing. I thought I saw someone.” He sighed as he looked down at his brother. “Come on. Let’s go get some fizzes.”
Two goortberry fizzes later, they walked away from the vending area, each with a third fizz in one hand and a tub of popcorn in the other as they made for the fighters displayed on the airfield. Jesse’s mood had eased now, and the two talked animatedly about the glorious adventures they intended on having someday when they were old enough to go off on their own.
Podo was in heaven. He had gotten his wish, having been allowed to sit in the cockpit of a Harkonian Saber fighter while the pilot graciously posed with him as Jesse snapped a holo of the moment. Now he was plotting to do the same in a Tomcat, the Confed equivalent of the Saber.
They approached the trio of Tomcats sitting on the far side of the field when Jesse stopped in his tracks. She was there, standing by the nearest Tomcat, arms folded across her chest in a measured display of boredom, brown eyes boring holes in the back of the head of a girl about Jesse’s age that had to be her sister. The eyes gave that away, but there the physical similarities seemed to end. The older girl had shockingly red hair sticking out from under a baseball cap that bore the insignia of the 59th Fighter Squadron, the famous Wolf Pack, which Thom had served with during the war. The girl’s bib overalls were torn at the knees and stained in several places with engine lubricant. The redhead was firing off a string of highly technical questions at the pilot standing there, looking more distraught than if she were the lone pilot going up against a fleet of battleships.
“Hey, I know her,” Podo said,  pointing to the girl in the ball cap. “That’s Kym Tirannis. She’s in my Intro to Hyperspace Physics class.”
“You know her? She goes to our school? How come I’ve never seen her before?”
For Jesse to have not known someone in their school would not have been as impossible as he made it sound. The William Rogers Intermediate School, named for a famous lost space explorer from the early twenty-first century, encompassed grades six through twelve, with a student body of approximately four thousand.
“She transferred in a few weeks ago. Just moved here from the Magellan colony on Mars.” 
Gesturing to the other girl, trying to sound indifferent, Jesse asked, “She related?”
“That’s her sister Lohren. She’s a grade behind us,” Podo tugged on Jesse’s shirtsleeve. “Come on, let’s go say hi.” 
Jesse hesitated, amazed to find himself fearful of being face to face with this girl; of talking to her. He was, as his parents were fond of  pointing out to him, often rushing in where angels feared to tread. There was little he would not do or attempt, never thinking of the consequences of his actions until after the deed was done. Now the thought that this young girl might think him a fool, or actually laugh in his face, chilled him to his very bones.
Podo tugged at his sleeve again. “Come on. What’s wrong with you? They won’t bite,” Podo scolded, picking up on his brother’s apprehension.
You have proof of that, Jesse wanted to ask. Instead, he gave a simple shrug, mumbled “Yeah, sure,” and followed along behind Podo.
By the time they approached, the girl named Kym had finished her drilling of the pilot, who looked much relieved. The two girls stood close together, talking between themselves, when Kym spotted their approach and favored the two with an awkward half-smile.
“Hi, Podo. Didn’t expect to see you here.” 
She looked uneasy, and Jesse decided that she was probably a very close-mouthed person, only speaking when absolutely necessary, or when she was in a favorable situation.
Podo flashed her a smile. “Our dad brought us.” He pointed to the cap she was wearing. “Did I ever tell you he served with the 59th back during the war?”
Kym’s eyes brightened and her whole demeanor changed with it. “The 59th? The Wolf Pack? No, you never told me that. That is so frigid. I’d love to talk to him. He must have some awesome stories to tell.”
Jesse snorted, drawing curious looks from the girls, an annoyed glare from Podo. Suddenly embarrassed, he cleared his throat. “Sorry. I was just thinking that if you grilled him the way you did that last pilot, he may not have a whole lot to say.”
Podo sighed, poking a thumb at his brother. “This is my exceedingly obnoxious brother, Jesse. I know I’ve told you about him.”
Kym crossed her arms across her chest, her eyes looking him up and down appraisingly. She’s got her sensors and shields at max, Jesse thought.
The redhead favored him with a quick smile. “I’ve heard much, and not just from Podo.”
Standing to one side and slightly behind her sister, Lohren let out a soft giggle. Jesse could feel himself shrinking in stature. 
 Clearing his throat, directing his full gaze on Kym, he was trying hard to be intimidating. From the look on her face, he knew it was not going to work. Abruptly he shifted gears. “So, what’s with all the interest in the 59th? You thinking of joining the Confed Navy?”
Kym shrugged, lowering her shields just a fraction. “Maybe. I haven’t decided yet. If I do, I want to go in as an engineer. I’d love to work on one of these babies,” She gave a quick wave at the fighter beside them, then gestured in her sister’s direction. “Lohren here is the one who’s at max warp about joining, though.”
It was a mistake the minute the thought popped into his head and he knew it. Despite the realization, Jesse found his mouth following suit. Snorting again, he looked Lohren up and down. “Gonna need a booster seat and a pair of blocks on her feet if she’s gonna fly anything bigger than a shipping crate.”
 Jesse felt as though a cold front had moved in that very moment, as he got a distinct chill from those around him. Podo gaped in stunned disbelief at his crudeness. Kym glared lasers at him. 
Lohren regarded him with neither anger nor malice, but with a quizzically thoughtful look on her face. Stepping around her sister, she walked up to Jesse until she was so close that he could smell the strawberry scent of her dark hair. She smiled a sweetly disarming smile at him. “How about I give you a booster?”
The abrupt iciness in her tone warned Jesse of what was to happen next, and even if he wanted to, he could not have prevented it.
The fist to his gut knocked the wind from his lungs. For a moment, a wave of nausea passed over him and Jesse feared that the two goortberry fizzes he had consumed would come back up. That fear dissipated as Lohren struck him across the jaw so hard that he thought he was going to black out. He felt as though all his bones had suddenly vaporized, leaving him a mass of quivering muscles.
By the time he hit the ground, the two girls had turned and began walking nonchalantly away through the crowd several of whom had stopped to gawk at the spectacle. Looking down at his brother, Podo shook his head. “You certainly do have a way with people.”
Struggling to regain his breath, Jesse gave him a sheepish look. “Dad always says introductions are very important.”
“At least for you they’re memorable.” Turning, Podo ran after the girls, sputtering an apology.
Jesse watched the trio depart, but his focus was directed on Lohren, and the oddest thought sprang into his still-reeling brain.
I think I love that girl.
Play Time
This one is personal. I’ll explain later.

He stopped amongst the thickest brush, listening intently. Not far off, perhaps as close as the tree line, they were coming in after him. A dozen troopers, maybe more, and they were headed in his direction.
Being here in the woods now gave him the advantage. He could move more stealthily than the armored troops could, and with the canopy above blotting out the sunlight and the sky swiftly darkening in the West with the approach of the storm, it would soon be dark as night in the forest.
But he could not stay hidden in the woods forever. He had to make it to the town by night or he would be out of luck. He had to meet with the other resistance leaders soon or they would vacate, fearing capture of their own. He had to press on.
A sound to his left, the not so subtle crunching of brush beneath booted feet, gave him a start. The troops were closer now, possibly even aware of his location, and coming in his direction. He could hear their commander giving orders. Too close. He had to hide.
Dropping to his stomach, he crawled under the low hanging branches of an evergreen, pressing himself up against the trunk. Fallen needles from the tree scratched at his exposed skin, pierced his clothing in spots, but they were a minor irritation. Discovery and interrogation in an enemy stronghold would be much more of an annoyance.
He concealed himself just in time. From his hiding spot he could see several pairs of boots emerge from the bushes, stopping where he had just stood moments before. He could hear them speaking in hushed tones, could sense their nervousness. Despite their greater numbers, he knew they believed the rumors about this old, black forest. Spirits of the damned haunted these woods, outsiders were told. Even the bravest of souls sometimes failed to emerge from this dark place. Great beasts, hungry for man-flesh lurked here. Even the trees are carnivorous, one old local had told him.
He did not believe the legends, but from the whispered, urgent voices he heard, he knew his enemy believed, and that was something else he could possibly use to his advantage. If he could ever get out from under this tree.
He blinked sweat from his eyes, but dared not move to wipe it away, lest he make enough noise to give away his position. The weather was not very warm, but the humidity pushed ahead of the approaching storm made the air thick with moisture. In the distance, thunder announced the nearing of the storm. It was echoed by the cry of some wild forest creature.
The troops seemed to start at the feral sound, and their discussion became more urgent. The commander barked an order and the group started off once more, splitting into two groups. One marched off deeper into the forest, but the other group headed in the direction of the village that was his destination.
He waited until he could no longer hear them, then waited ten minutes longer, lest they be lying in wait for him, before emerging from his hiding place. He made a cautious survey of the area, cocking his head and listening intently for any sound of the troops’ return, or of possible ambush. Nothing. They did indeed seem to have moved on.
Brushing the dirt and evergreen needles from his clothes and skin, he pulled his blaster from its holster and checked its charge. Satisfied, he then checked the rifle he carried. That too, had ample power. He took stock of the other weapons available to him.
He knew a fight was inevitable now that the troops were between him and his destination, but their numbers were less now, and he had an advantage. They thought he was still ahead of them. Striking from behind, and playing on their fears, he had a better than average chance.
He hefted his rifle. “Play time.”
He made good time, despite his continued stealth. He knew exactly where to go; the troops were not cautious about covering their tracks. Soon they were within his view; six of them tromping through the brush, making no attempt to hide their position.
He followed them at a distance; just far enough behind to keep them within sight. When he did make his move, he wanted to be sure the other group that had split off would not be able to come to their aid too quickly.
After some time the trees began to thin out and he knew he would have to act soon. They had paused on a ridge overlooking a valley and in the distance, the outer edge of the village could be seen. He would have to take them out before reaching the outskirts. He could not afford to fight them on open ground.
He crept up on their position, hiding behind the thick trunk of a tree, peering around its bulk to be sure that none of them were aware of his approach. They appeared relaxed, taking a break from their search before continuing onward.
He reached to his belt and grabbed one of the circular objects hanging there. Twisting the tab on the top, he waited for a count of five, then rolled it gently into the midst of them. One spotted it just as it came to rest, but before he could voice an alert, there was a dazzling flash of light, sending the troops scattering.
He was in motion the moment the flash bomb went off, leaping into the clearing, going into a tuck-and-roll, and coming up with both blasters in his hands. The troops, still stunned by the sudden assault, had no time to react. He made very short work of them.
As the last trooper fell, he scanned the area around him, watching for a counter attack from behind every tree and shrub. Nothing happened. The silence of the forest closed in around him once more, only the sound of the second squad leader coming through on one of the downed troops’ helmet comm systems. “Squad Six, come in! Squad Six, acknowledge! Have you engaged the target?”
He grabbed the comm from the fallen trooper, switching it on to respond. “Target has been engaged,” he replied calmly, then he grinned. “Target has won.”
He threw the comm on the ground, crushing it beneath his boot. Then proceeded down into the valley towards the village. 
It did not take long to reach the village. It was quiet. Too quiet. He found the street he was looking for with little effort. Down at the far end was the building he sought.
He was nearly at his destination when another figure stepped out of the bushes and blocked his way to the steps. They were equally matched size-wise, but his adversary wore a swirling black cape and helmet that disguised his facial features.  He held out a black gloved hand. “You have gone far enough, Vance Argon. You will go no further.”
Argon leveled his rifle at the newcomer. “Who are you?”
The intruder straightened, trying to make himself look larger, and pointed a finger at his chest. Thunder cracked overhead, and the sky opened up in a torrential downpour. “My name is…Dave Vaydahr” He pulled an electro-sword from beneath his cape and lit it. “Remember that name, for it is the name of your doom.” Another crackle of thunder.
From behind Dave Vaydahr came another voice, one so unexpected that both of them jumped at the sound of it. “Would you two idiots get inside? You’re going to get struck by lightning.”
Vaydahr moved out of the way, revealing the speaker, a short, olive-skinned woman that glared at them both in a way that was more intimidating than if she had been wielding a planet-shattering weapon in their direction.
Vance rolled his eyes. “Mom, it’s just a thunder shower.” It came out more of a whine than he had hoped.
“I don’t care,” Mom replied, pointing to Vaydahr. “I am not going to be the one to explain to…Duck Nader’s mother why he got struck by lightning while playing at our house.”
“Vaydahr,” Vaydahr corrected. “Dave Vaydahr.”
Mom glared at him, but refused to respond. “And you, Vance. You just got over being sick. I won’t have you missing any more school because you caught a cold by being too dumb to come in out of the rain.”
“But Mom…”
She held up a single finger, silencing him immediately. “Do I have to call your father?”
“No, ma’am,” he sighed.
Triumphant, Mom turned and went back into the house. Vance looked at his nemesis, shaking his head. “Dave Vaydahr? You couldn’t come up with anything more original than that?”
Vaydahr removed his helmet, revealing a round-faced boy; sweat-soaked sandy colored hair plastered to his forehead. He shrugged. “Best I could come up with.”
Rolling his eyes, Vance walked toward the house as Dave struggled to sheath his electro-sword through his belt loop. After the third failed attempt, he settled on tucking it under his arm as he followed along. “I suppose we could watch some T.V. I taped last night’s Battlestar.”
Dave shrugged again. “Sounds good to me.”
Vance held the door open, allowing Dave to enter first. He rolled his eyes again. 
“Dave Vaydahr…geez.”


Across the street from where I grew up in New York, there was an old Victorian house with a yard that must have covered half an acre (A rarity in an urban New York neighborhood, even thirty years ago.) That yard was overgrown, with paths meandering among the trees, and if you knew where to look, even a hidden treasure or too. The old gentleman who owned this property used to let me play in his yard whenever I wished, and many a childhood adventure was had on these sacred grounds.
Dave Vaydahr also existed, in the form of my best friend—you guessed it,—Dave. Every Saturday, Dave’s mom would drop him off at my house and we would have many adventures like the one described above. These adventures helped contribute to my life as a science fiction writer.
Sadly, both are gone now. After the old gentleman who owned that wonderful property passed away, developers purchased the land, tore down that magnificent old Victorian, and put several multiple-family units on the site, filling in every last inch of that great playground of my youth.
Dave passed away in May of 2008 at the age of thirty-eight from complications brought on by Hodgkin’s Lymphoma. He was unmarried, and had no children. It was on the sixth anniversary of his passing that the idea for this story came to me. It is to his memory that I dedicate this tale. I think he would have enjoyed it.
Afterword

And there you have it, gentle reader—every whimsical, creative tidbit I posess in short-story form. However, even as I write this, I can tell you I am far from finished. Already another Zakkdahr and Grot mis-adventure is forming in my mind, and I can say for certainty that the crew of the Starhawk, as well as a certain girl and dragon duo, will be appearing again. And who can say what other beings I may encounter in my literary travels?
Until that time, My love goes with you.

                                                         Joseph J. Madden
                                                            September 2019

About the Author

Born and raised in Queens, N.Y., Joseph J. Madden now resides in NE Wisconsin with his wife, daughters and an assortment of fur-covered critters. In addition to writing, he enjoys movies, attending science fiction conventions, and is awaiting the return of his Mothership.


Also by Joseph J. Madden
THE STARHAWK CHRONICLES
REST AND WRECK-REATION
Book II of THE STARHAWK CHRONICLES


