Our Stars

ipam



Smashwords Edition Copyright 2019 Pamela Joan Barlow Smashwords Edition, License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



Cast of Characters:

Lockette Gamlin
Koon Pambar

Friday, June 17th


73 Fahrenheit air temperature; 76% humidity
Winds SSE at 6 mph; 10 miles visibility
Clear night with 1% cloud cover
Full moonlight beams

City of Birmingham within the US State of Alabama
Tutwiler Hotel location
Bar lounge setting

02:02:02 am



The room displayed a rectangular shape, three walls with a single row of nicely centered semi-dark lamps for solo drinking or couple hugging, without nosily watchers. The forward side wall contained a beige colored circular-shaped, dull-lighted bar counter with a working bartender, who fiddled with the liquid bottles. The atmosphere was dead still, without a single loud musical note coming from a live band of musicians or a paid disc jockey with his own set of musical discs or a soft pitch tune from a radio station.
The bar lounge closed its double doors at two in the morning and then reopened at four in the afternoon. If a hotel guest wanted an alcoholic beverage, then he or she could order the beverage from the hotel restaurant or the hotel room service into their hotel room or walk down the street to the local liquor store.
The bartender was finishing up his paid job, straightening each short and tall glass bottle for the evening, cleaning up the counter in silence. He noted two older males on the last booth, who were still working on a mug of warm beer, without a plate of food. The bartender had acquired as he always acquires about late-night customers for both security and protection.
The two older males had eaten their dinner meal inside the restaurant and provided a generous cash money tip to both the waiter and waitress, for the good service. If the bartender was luckier, then he might receive a generous cash money tip for his good drink service this early morning.
At the last booth, each male sat on the opposite end. The first gray-haired male wore a pair of faded, shredded blue jeans, a white tinted short-sleeved tee shirt, and a pair of orange tinted athletic shoes with a pair of matching socks while feeling annoyed and tired. His face displayed a strip of dusted black and gray colored whiskers; a thick head of gray colored hair that was combed backwards from his naturally suntanned light brown colored complexion that exhibited a pair of pale green eyeballs. He was sixty-one years of age and measured five feet and ten inches in height on a slender body, which was aging rapidly each second of the night. He slowly tapped out a steady beat without a song inside his head on the tall warm beer mug and then rubbed both of his tired eyeballs, frowning to his best friend, since the first grade. "Lockette, let's call it a night! I'm beat, beaten, and beat up." He dropped his hand and slammed the wooden table, staring at his energetic friend with worry and frustration and overall boredom.
The second male wore a pair of tan colored walking shorts, where each long pocket was filled with numerous small electronic devises and his wallet, a Burn U short-sleeved tee shirt, like every Burn U fan for fun at work, at play, and to bed. His feet exhibited a pair of nasty brown tinted flip-flops, which probably were a new pair of flip-flops, when he was a freshman student a Burn U. He wiggled his butthole on top of the thickly padded cushion and measured six feet and three inches in height on a less than slightly fit body frame, displaying a thin hair of cropped pure white colored hair, a slick white tinted goatee, a pair of aqua tinted eyeballs, and a tone of peachy colored skin. He was sixty-one years of age also and wore a pair of correction eyeglasses to see small objects or small words. 
Lockette continued to study the lighted screen on his personal mobile telephone, teasing with a smile.
"You're a tired old bird dog or a tired old turd, which one are you, sir?"
His friend laughed at the thinly matted gray tinted hair roots on Lockette. "I am both. Look! We've visited every single favorite haunt here in Bama for the past three weeks, completing your buckle list before your buckle falls off that wall and lands down in fire hell," he laughed with his friend. "We are back at home. I wanna fall into a deep sleep in my bed, not another's bed."
What for? You go one foot in the grave already. You don't ever wanna fall asleep and then wake up in heavenly plane, without money or women or beer or football games."
He frowned. "That's all an earthly pleasure, Lockette!"
Lockette winked with a wickedly grin, "And a pleasure, it is, that I like."
"That planned and executed spousal divorce celebration was four weeks ago, Lockette!"
And a pain, it was, that I didn't like."
He smiled. "Did she get your mini-mansion in Mountain Brook? I forget to ask as you were very intoxicated with beer and mouth drooling on the pink-tinted lipstick on that high school girl."
Lockette buzzed his lips and shook his bone skull. "Hey! That girl was twenty something years old and in college. She was mature college student, not a high school kid. I do not date children or watch porn stuff. I'm a straight and honest..."
"...old man. Did your former wife get the mini-mansion in Mountain Brook?" 
Lockette exhaled with annoyance. "You know, lots of people do not know this, but you and my lawyer. I personally own six houses. I gave the former beauty queen of my black heart, the three-story manor in the city of Mountain Brook."
He gasped. "That mini-manor contains 25,000 square feet..."
"...on 13 acres of land, without a golf course, an outdoor spa, a swimming pool, and a barn full of horses. She didn't want the horses. And that house contained thirty-one rooms with nine bedroom, eight bathrooms, three semi-bathrooms, and seven fireplaces, which is 806 square foot or less per room. Do you know how small 806 square feet per room is?" Lockette laughed with his friend.
"O no! O yeah!" His friend laughed again and then exhaled with frustration. "Look! I'm been your pal on this haunted tour, starting down south in the town of Uriah here in Bama. I didn't know there was a town named Uriah here in Alabama. And I didn't know that it was take us 45 minutes and six seconds to land your fancy military helicopter on top of that smooth manicured grass coming from Birmingham, which is 206 miles south. If we traveled 206 miles in 45 minutes and six seconds, then 206 miles times 45 minutes equal 4.577 miles per minute. Then 4577 miles per minute at 60 minutes of time equals 275 miles per hour. Is that correct? Did you fancy new military helicopter, which is a new invention, fly 275 miles per hour? Where did you purchase your fancy military helicopter, Lockette?"
"The Lockette machine only flights 267 miles-per-hour. You messed up the math problem somewhere in your analysis. But, yeah, we did fly the helicopter faster than an outer space starship through the air waves from Birmingham to Uriah. And I do not kill and tattle. Yeah, I do. My fancy military helicopter was purchased from a foreign company for a tall pile of cash money, Euros, not American. Then they delivered the cute helicopter to the US military base, after I had purchased the US Air Forces the same experimental copter for their discovery project. Then it was hand-delivered to me at the Birmingham Airport. I and my pilot picked it up and flew it back to my house for storage. Shh! This is a top secret operation," Lockette laughed.
His friend laughed. "Yeah, I didn't get it. Then, you paid fifty thousand dollars in cash money to land that bird on top of that manicured yard, before we could tour the haunted mansion, where we found nothing. No ugly he-ghost. No pretty she-ghost. No rattling chains. No ringing bells. Then, you paid 100,000 dollars in cash money for us to spend-a-scary-night into that heated ancient house that was not haunted, only the moan from the barley working air-conditioning unit in that small room, where we slept on top of the shiny wooden floor that smelled like shoe polish.
"And only you would know the true smell of shoe polish, when we had to polish our white tinted leather shoes for band inspection in the seventh grade at Athens High School." Lockette laughed.
"O yeah! O no!" his friend laughed. "I had happened to view inside one of the numerous antebellum mansions from our home town in Athens that had a stained bloody male hand print on the wall..."
"What! Why didn't you tell me about that haunted house in the city of Athens, our place of birth?"
His friend smiled. "The owner of that ancient house had to cut out the slab with the bloody print, before he gave the house to his sweet daughter, who refused to live inside the manor with it," he laughed.
Lockette exhaled with annoyance. "O my stars! Why didn't you tell me? I would've snatched up that ancient house with a really sweet money deal, for myself. I always wanted to live in a haunted house."
His friend wiggled his hand in the air with a sour frown. "That house and that farmland was blood-kin family owned and then blood-kin family-handed down to the next blood-kin family member. You know how that works here in the South and always will! Once in a Southern family, it stays in a Southern family! Period! The end! No sale! No purchase! No way!"
Lockette nodded several times. "Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I know how the South works."
"But, the history of King-Garrett Plantation House was a bit fascinating, to me. That ancient antebellum mansion had been located upriver at Packer's Bend and started house construction in the year 1850, by William King. I can see where they got the name King for the plantation identification. William King was the nephew of William R. deVane King. That's another silly Southern tradition naming all of your healthy sons and daughter with the same proper name from a brother or sister or uncle or aunt or grandmother or grandfather or cousin or pet canine dog or pet female cat, which is all confusing inside my brain cells. Anyways, William R. DeVane King was the US Vice President to…to...to...toot, toot. I do not know. I did not know that William Rufus DeVane King was an Alabama residence and a US Vice President. Who are you, sir?" His friend pulled out his personal mobile telephone and tapped on the tiny keyboard, smiling down at the tiny lighted screen, reading out loud to Lockette for annoyance and fun. "Let's hear this. Mr. William Rufus DeVane King was born in the US State of North Carolina to William King and Margaret DeVane. There, you go! This poor kid got his proper name from both parents. I guess they called him, Rufus. That must be an uncle or grandfather. Poor kid had no unique personality or individuality here. His family calm was large, wealthy and well-connected. That statement, right there, distinguishes the proper rich Americans from the ill-bred poor Americans. The more people you know; the more opportunities you get.
"Let's hear here! Rufus graduated from the University of North Carolina in Chapel Hill, in the year 1803, with all the other blue-bloods. He was rich. His family was rich. And the slaves and servants and cooks and merchants and sailors and the other farmers were dirt poor, skinny, and hunger. Hmm! Rufus was birthed in the year 1786. Rufus was only seventeen years old, when he graduated from college. How is that possible for a human? This is evidence for the new theory of aliens. Yes, I said the word, aliens. Aliens are here and they invade our planet causing harm and harmfulness."
Lockette continued to study the screen on the mobile telephone. "Males were tossed into manhood at any earlier age than you and I, buddy."
"No, Rufus was part of the elite class, with his elite ways, and his elite money. Old and new money makes the world go around and around and around. This teenager proves my point."
Lockette smiled. "What point is that, buddy?"
His friend waved both of his arms in the air with a stern face. "Rufus was given a good paying job away from a descent hard-working man. This internet electronic article states that Rufus was a registered Freemason. Freemason! Freemason! He is part of the elite and privileged class. Rufus was part of the Illuminati. How you heard the term, Illuminati?"
Lockette continued to fiddle with his mobile telephone keyboard, "Yeah, I heard that same information in one of these Hollywood movie films and fictional crime novels. What is your point here, buddy?"
His friend flipped his hand in the air with a sour tone. "The unknown people that make up this Illuminati group comprises numerous ancient historical family clans that rule all over our world and want to establish the New Order or First Order, where every man, woman, infant, child, teenager is their personal slave and their subject regarding money, life, freedom, and not the pursue of happiness. Do you hear me, Lockette?"
"The dead can hear you, pal!"  Lockette laughed.
His friend silently read on the tiny screen on his mobile telephone. "This tidbit in intriguing. The word Illuminati was a secret society of gentlemen founded in the year 1776, on May, the first, in the country of Bavaria. The purpose of the society is to oppose magical witchy and warlock superstitions, sending out misinformation, religious influence over public life, and abuses of state powers. There, you go! That was the start of the Illuminati domination in the year 1776, which spread all over the world and enslaved the innocent people. May Almighty God help us over these ancient villains. Shit! These people are worser than Lucifer, the fallen angel from lovely heaven. I bet one of them old and wrinkled Illuminati warlocks had fallen angel Lucifer locked inside his wardrobe closet and sucking that ancient angel magic from the poor beast for his own evil purposes. Now days, the Illuminati has flipped its purpose and uses magical supernatural spells, prints out misleading information to the general public, interferences with all religious practices, and likes to abuse state powers, especially here in the USA. This is the key to enslaving people. Well, the people are enslaved. No one has money, unless your work a job. No one gets a job, unless you need a skill. No one knows a skill, unless you trained with a master. That's the problem with the lack of skilled laborers are not trained from technical schools or in college classes."
Lockette laughed.  "Well, I have to break your generous heart. The pathway of the skilled laborers is dead and is taken over by the new fleet of floating, thinking, talking artificial intelligence robots coming from the countries of China and Japan. The USA is always behind the eight ball and behind in technology discoveries and will continue to be."
"Right, my childhood friend," His friend looked up from the screen and nodded with a sour frown to Lockette. "The art of capitalism is a good tool for making an individual or a family rich, but the poor American worker gets nothing but dead at the end of his life. If the poor American worker hadn't saved up for retirement, then he leaves off the US Federal Government taxpayer monies. If the poor American worker becomes sick and must quit his job, then he lives off the taxpayer monies from the US Federal Government too. If the poor American worker can't get a job, then he lives off the US Federal Government taxpayer monies also. And if the poor non-American worker can't get a job, then he lives off the US Federal Government taxpayer monies. The poor American worker can't catch a break. Then, if the poor American worker gets a job, makes some money, and pays his bills, then he is happy for a little while. Then, the poor American worker craves human companionship and marries, the young couple buys a house, the American dream. They pay their bills, the American way. They take out loans, the American nightmare. They live on their paychecks and pay all of the monies on the owed money loans and never achieve independence or freedom, staying broke, without free monies all the time, and in debt to the international banks while feeling trapped and frustrated, the American existence. There is an old musical song about being in debt..."
"Hey!" Lockette continued to read his phone. "This is America, the land of the brave and the home of the free."
Koon smiled. "That line was written by Frances Scott Key, who watched the British bombardment of US American Fort McHenry from the Baltimore Harbor within the US State of Maryland on the date of September 14, 1814. Frances was 35 years old and a lawyer, like us, Koon. How about that!” He looked down at the screen. "Now, to complete a thorough search, I need to look up the nation of Bavaria." He typed on the keyboard and read out the information to Lockette. "Bavaria is land-locked county in Germany."
Lockette laughed. "I knew that information. Didn't you know that information, buddy?"
"The land of Bavaria was settled by Celtic tribes, who were conquered by the Roman Empire in 1st century B.C."
Lockette smiled and continued to study the individual sessions of the map. "If you are a fan or a scholar or a study of Ancient World history, you know that the Roman Empire conquered and controlled most of the European continent, the northern African continent, most of the Middle East regions, and tried to acquire the Asia continent too. Then, they epically failed when the other nomadic warriors came along and kicked their buttholes." He laughed with his friend.
Koon smiled down at the screen. "This is an interesting tidbit of world history. The position of a ruler, in the country of Bavaria, dates back to 555 B.C. Then, that same position for the Bavaria ruler, not the same person, became a royal prince under the direction of the Holy Roman Empire, in 17th century A.D., where the kingdom lasted for one hundred years from the year 1809 until 1918. That is an incredible proclamation! When the rest of the world was fighting with each other and taking other's foreign lands. After World War II, the country of Bavaria was allowed to reorder itself with democratic lines. What is that supposed to mean? O! I got it now. The state of Bavaria is a Catholic culture, because it is ruled by the Holy Roman Empire. That makes perfect sense to me!”
Lockette continued to study the electronic map on his phone and "Are you going to help me plot all of the possible locations of Old Man Slag at Sloss? The facility is gigantic."
"No!" His friend frowned.  
"Forget you!"
Koon smiled. "I’m busy with my project. I’m performing my internet search and keeping you updated on the Illuminati.”
“Don’t bother!”
"The economy of Bavaria brings in 625 billion dollars. What! The total land size is 27,239 square miles. The USA is bigger and largest and greater…greatest…”
Lockette continued to fiddle with the phone and then jolted down notes with the ink pen, saying with a smile. 
“Let’s see what else is reverent here. In the year 2017, the parliament..."
Lockette looked up and smiled. “I’m glad that the USA didn't call the American Congress, the parliament. The word, parliament, sounds so stuff, snobby, and snooty to me. What do you think there, Lockette?"
Koon continued to jolt down hand-written notes on the piece of paper. "Me, too! Okay. Forget about the prince ruler of Bavaria! Let’s get straight to the heart of the lion or king or illuminati. The secret society and all of the secret meetings with only males including the Illuminati and the Freemasonry were outlawed and illegal as dictated by the Bavarian ruler who was named Charles Theodore with the support of the Catholic Church in the year 1784. Wow! That pretty much explains the beginnings and the continuous still secret society of both the Illuminati and the Freemasonry groups. These two secret societies were responsible for the French Revolution. Did you know that, Lockette?”
“No.”
“Let’s see what is next! The term, Deep State, describes collusion and corruption within any political system. Which means, there are dark elements within any true government entity and parts of the upper level finance and industry companies that are able to control the United States of America government, leadership, and monies without the consent of the citizens through the current voter system. These dark elements control and corrupt the politicians and the civil servants. The Deep State components include the intelligence services, the military branches, the security systems, the judiciary branch, and organized crime groups. The ‘Deep State’ components had been established in the year 1871. The components hide down below the federal government authority and controls then reshapes American politics for their dark purposes. The US Civil Service was created to limit the power of the president of the United States of America. And these employed federal workers are doing a good job of that while destroying the USA. Before the year 1871, the president could select his own set of federal government employees which served him. But that is no longer true.”
Lockette laughed. “History repeats itself!"
“I beg your pardon!"
Lockette smiled. "History always repeats itself! The Greece landscape is naturally divided by the sea or the mountain range into islands of fish or valleys of wine or plain of fertile crop land, where each geographical landscape had housed one small community with leaders and followers. Based on the fixed landscape which could not grow by the hand of God or expand from the hand of Mother Nature, the growing population of babies created a shortage of land property for houses and food which created the social revolution, without precedent in Ancient Greece. The small community of Sparta advanced the social rebellion by forcing every male citizen to become a soldier in the Spartan Army, which created a militarized state, not a small community of farmers. Everyone served the army including the rich elites and the poor farmers. And we know what happened next as the expert in World History."
He gasped in shock. "Then, you believe in the Deep State Fourth Government component arm and the Illuminati family money that rules everything. Are you saying the United States of America is going to war, within itself?"
"Yes, I do believe in the future. The time will come, when the new American war will begin within, not without. History repeats itself!"
"When do you see this new American war happening?"
Lockette winked. "I am not a fortune teller. I’m telling you that a new American civil war is coming, and it is a social revolution, which is almost similar to the slavery one, but this war will affect every single American and non-American and every single man, woman, baby, child, teen, and old fart, like us. So, you need to be prepared!" He laughed and looked back down reading the screen on his mobile telephone.
Koon flipped his hand in the air and smiled. “Well, I don’t believe it. And I didn’t believe that haunted tree is really haunted either.  It is a tall shade tree. I didn’t see that he-ghost hanging around that tree. How can a tree become haunted by a ghost? I can understand a house, but a tree. How is that so?”
Forget the haunted tree!” Lockette looked up with a smile and motioned for the waitress, shouting out loud. “Young miss, come over here, please!” A tall slender young female adult with a ponytail of brown hue, a pair of green eyes, and a tone of dark skin dashed over from the bar counter and stopped beside the table with the older gentlemen, nodding in silence. Lockette smiled. “Tell me about this haunted hotel! What happened here at this hotel? Why is the hotel haunted?"
The young adult waitress smiled. “Guests, as well as staff members, not me, here inside this hotel interior walls have many ghost stories to tell. A bartender, who once worked here at the hotel, had several ghostly experiences in the year 1995. The overhead ceiling lamps here inside this bar in the were powered up for seven days in a row when the bar boss got really angry at his bar employee. After all, the bar employee’s first job to power down all of the ceiling lights here inside this bar and the kitchen space, during closing time. He started turning off all the ceiling lights, but the lights would turn on again like magic. After turning the lights off four times, the bar employee left for the evening.
“The next day, the bar manager asked, ‘why were the overhead ceiling lights left on?’ The bartender tried to explain the issue, but the manager did not believe him. This happened for five nights in a row and on the sixth night, the manager called the bartender and told him to come to work immediately. When he got there, there was a complete multi-course meal with candles and a bottle of wine. Many people believed that it was the ghost of Colonel Tutwiler, for which the hotel was named after. In order to stop the Colonel from making a mess again, he would call out to the Colonel each night to tell him good evening and not to make a mess, and they haven’t had that experience since. A very respectful ghost indeed!
“Other guests provide complaints of someone knocking on the hotel door in the middle of the night. The sound was a loud rapid fist knock on the exterior door metal. When the guest went to the door and opened the metal, no one was there. So, the he-ghost is known as the Knocker. The he-ghost is a male spirit, because he only knocks on a female guest door during the nighttime. Ain’t that freaky weird, sirs?”
Historical note: Robert Jemison was a major investor, where one of the major highways was named after him. Robert Jemison and Major Tutwiler opened the Tutwiler Hotel in the year 1814 featuring marble floors and vaulted ceilings. The hotel was a draw for conventions within the growing city of Birmingham, including the American Iron and Steel Institute.
The original hotel structure held 343 guest rooms and one grand ballroom for 1,200 individuals for both social and business functions. Throughout the years, the hotel has added a fitness center and breakfast rooms.
At the bar table, Lockette nodded to the waitress, “Yes, that’s very freaky weird! Thank you, young miss, for you shared information!” He provided a wad of 100 dollar bills to the young adult with a nod. She accepted the wad of cash with a smile and back stepped with a nod, spinning around, dashing ahead back to the bar counter with happiness.
Koon nodded with a smile to his friend Lockette. "Well, you heard it here, first, man! This place is truly haunted with a respectful he-ghost. I wonder how a ghost recalls their human life?"
Lockette gathered up his possessions with a smile and slid off the long bench of the bar table, standing on top of the floor, slipping each item down into a pocket on his body. He laughed. “Yeah! I can't wait and come back and wake from a ghost knock. The hotel ghost is a knocker. We haven't met a ghost knocker yet."
Koon continued to sit and looked down with a sour frown at the tiny screen on his personal mobile telephone, scooting off the bench seat, standing beside his friend Lockette. He looked up and stared at the nose profile on Lockette. "Joy!"
He nodded back with a smile. “Tonight, the sky will present a full moon, when all the spooks come out. Old Man Slag should be all worked up with a sour frown and a frightful boo for my digital ghost camera," Lockette spun around from the bar table with laughter and faced the entrance wall, leading his friend, waving both of his arms in the air and shouted out loud. “Yeehaw!” He dropped both of his arms and swiftly moved ahead with a smile looking forward to the newest ghost hunt.
They exited the bar setting, then the hotel lobby, arriving in front of the red tinted pickup truck, sliding into the vehicle. Lockette left the hotel building speeding down the roadway with a quiet friend.

Several minutes later, Lockette slammed down onto the brakes and quickly reduced the speed on the main roadway, sharply turning onto a gravel driveway. The truck steered ahead towards a tall and wide square-shaped building in dark hue that exhibited numerous leg-like structure, jetting from the rooftop and each side tower that represented each exterior walkway carefully strolling towards one tall furnace to another one, during working hours.
Lockette stopped the truck and parked along a row of tall shade trees that glowed underneath the full moonlight, killing the engine, turning to see the upright figures. “We’re late. There are other people here scaring Old Man Slag back down into his morning sleep. Old Man Slag doesn’t like too many guests.”
Koon continued to stand and frowned at the dark night, the dark building, and the dark moment of weirdness. “What!”
“Get outta of the truck, right now! I need to lock the doors and set the truck alarm. I don’t want a she-ghost stealing my earthly possessions.” He opened the door with laughter and slid off the bench seat, slamming the door shut, locking the doors as Koon stood alone and lonely on the opposite side of the vehicle. Lockette spun around and waved his arm in the air. “Koons, this way!”
Koon spun around and quickly dashed ahead, catching up with his friend Lockette, staring down at the object. “What is that?”
He lifted up the devise and nodded with a smile. “This is my ghost detector. It detects a ghost.”
It looks like a part of a blender machine or a cooking whisk for my scrambled eggs.” Koon laughed.
He pressed some of the button and as the hand-held devise powered up in pink colors. “No! This devise uses electromagnetic beams to pinpoint another life form with the same electromagnetic beams too. That’s why a ghost is illuminated coming from the electromagnetic beams that surround the planet. A living life form walks into the rows of electromagnetic beams every millisecond of the day and night without glowing. However, a dead thing is not alive but surrounded by rays of electromagnetic beams, so a dead thing glows at night and during the daylight hours but the human eyeball can’t see the ghost.”
They crunched each pair of boot soles over the same gravel driveway and then hit a slab of smooth dirty vanilla colored concrete leading into a square-shaped entrance door. The entrance wall was comprised of rusty steel walls, without windows, but numerous fist-sized holes, where the earth weather elements had eaten through the minerals. They entered through the open archway seeing more concrete slabs with more solid rusty steel walls and a tall and wide tunnel of darkness and then halted at the edge of the slab, staring into the darkness that was dimmed lighted by a single strand of tiny naked light bulbs on the ceiling planks.
The Sloss Furnace facility management ran tours of spookiness throughout the year, but really decorated during the Halloween season starting on October, the first.
Inside the front of the facility, Koon and Lockette stood in place while hearing a faint set of squeals and screams and whispered words. Lockette gasped in alarm. “They found him first, before me. Let’s move ahead! I wanna see and record Old Man Slag.” He held the hand-held device in the air, in front of his face, slowly dashing ahead into the dark without his friend.
Koon continued to stand in place and exhaled with alarm, reaching out with his hand, shouting at the back spine on his friend. “Wait, Lockette! Wait for me! I can’t see too good in the dark. I didn’t bring along my pair of tri-focal eye glasses. I’m an old man. Don’t you remember?” He shook his bone skull and smiled into the darkness, without seeing his friend, hearing a set of faint sounds, such like, screams and whispered words. “Why am I here? O yeah! I am here to see a ghost.” He slowly paced ahead over the red tinted dry dirt leaving behind a dust storm of tiny red tinted tornados. He had decided well wearing his pair of brown tinted cowboy boots. Each wall displayed rusty steel with numerous holes that viewed a grove of trees on the northern side of the complex and more rusty equipment pieces on the southern side of the facility. Numerous ancient extremely large vats of rusty steel rested on top of the dirt or on its side in the dirt that had been there since closing down the Sloss Furnace facility in the year 1960s.
Koon continued pacing down the dirt while hearing the silly screams from each teenage female, without seeing another human or a new ghost, softly chuckling with amusement. A few feet from the entrance wall with the square-shaped open archway, Koon had to make an executive decision, which new rusty tunnel to take, the one on the right-side or the one on the left-side or the one in the middle section. He studied each tunnel and wondered which tunnel his friend Lockette picked, slowly moving down the middle tunnel. Lockette would have been too occupied fiddling with his new ghost identification hand-held device, without choosing a new avenue, plowing down the middle venue. So, Koon used his human logic and slowly ventured ahead down the rusty tunnel. This tunnel exposed the skyline exhibiting twinkling stars and moonlight rays down on the dirt. The semi-dark and semi-cluttered space contained scattered rows of huge cylinder-sized silos in modern day rusty steel, where the molted steel minerals flowed down into an individual large vat, where man-made molds and numerous steel workers eventually shaped the heated metals into numerous railroad ties or tons of building materials or individual warship hulls. He reached out and gently touched the warm steel materials that had gathered the daily heat, softly humming one of his familiar country musical tunes. He wasn’t afraid of ghost and didn’t understand the concept.
Honestly, he and Lockette had toured the great State of Alabama and visited every single documented haunted site without finding one single ghost. Maybe, a ghost was picky about their individual haunting of a human. He didn’t know the answer to his mental question and softly chuckled with his silly mental thoughts, when movement in the distance caught his eyeballs. He stopped in place and squinted his two eyelids, focusing his two old eyeballs on the motion.
A tall and skinny young female with long red tinted hair and a tone of pale skin appeared from the darkness and rushed ahead in human form with crossed-arms, racing by Koon, without booing or speaking. Then a tall, skinny young male with a tone of olive skin and a head of black tinted hair strands emerged from the darkness, chasing after his girlfriend, shouting at her back spine. He waved both of his arms in the air. “Come on, girl! It was all in fun. This is fun visiting a haunted house.”
She continued to race away from her boyfriend and shouted out loud. “I don’t like your type of fun. I wanna go home, right now! Take me home now! Or I’ll call my daddy to come and get me.” She disappeared down the dark tunnel moving away from Koon and her boyfriend in angry and fright.
The boyfriend gasped in alarm and shouted out loud at his girlfriend. “No! Don’t call your father! Okay! All right!” He disappeared down the dark tunnel and continued to chase after his girlfriend.
Koon slowly spun around and smiled at the young teenager couple, shaking his bone skull in amusement. “Young love does not live here.” He spun around back around and exhaled with annoyance. “I found the people.” He wanted to shout out for his friend Lockette inside the dark tunnel, without chasing away all of the hiding ghosts. However, Lockette would not be pleased. So, Koon slowly started down the same tunnel of dirt and rusty equipment pieces listening for footfalls or screams of fright.
A few minutes later, he stopped with curiosity and stood beside an open archway that led into a single room. The room was square-shaped without a single window but numerous fist-sized and eating plate-sized holes in the rusty steel, which was an office suite. Numerous ancient manual typewriters, manual math calculators rested on top of dirty office desks. Numerous broken office chairs were stacked in each wall corner or scattered over the floor with numerous ancient office supplies. On the side wall, a sideways open office storage closet held more broken office chairs and two metal work filing cabinets. On the opposite wall, a second horizontal storage closet stood and exposed a glowing silver tinted object. Koon gasped in shock and then smiled, slowly padding into the ancient room, stirring up the dust bunnies into the air waves. He waved the dust form his face and continued to grin at the object, stopping in front of the open closet door. “What is this? This is a branch new rowing machine for exercise. Well, I guess one of the employees likes to work-out during working hours.” He nodded with a smile and back stepped, spinning around, slowly padding back to the open archway and then stopped. He scanned each side of the dirt tunnel and exhaled with annoyance, not seeing his friend or another human or a she-ghost. “the companion would be appreciated,” he whispered without perturbing the ghosts and exhaled with boredom, slowly moving ahead back into the dirt and then halted, scanning the darkness of the long tunnel and heard a set of faint screams coming from the gang of silly teens that liked to visit strange places for fun during the boring summertime days or nights. He softly chuckled and turned to the side, viewing a long dark tunnel, exhaling with dread while hunting for his friend, who was deep within the complex scouting for Old Man Slag.  He took one step and held his sole in the air, shaking his bone skull, stomping back down onto the dirt, creating a tiny red tinted tornado wind storm that drifted into his face. He wiped away the dust and then frowned, side stepping back into the same messy, square-shaped room, standing inside the doorway. His two eyeballs swept the room and stopped at the silver tinted piece of equipment. He nodded with a smile and advanced to the fitness equipment. “Since I am here, I will perform some light exercises killing the boring time and stay in one place. When I was a young lad, my mama always told me to ‘stay put’ if I ever became lost and wait for her. So, that rule applies here.” He reached out and touched the metal, gently rubbing his hand down the smoothness. “This rowing boat is brand new. There isn’t even a scratch on the metal. And it glows in light inside the closet space without moonlight rays hitting the minerals. Ah! It’s the computer chip. Now days, everything is a tiny or big robot.”
The machine held a single oversized upright chair without a pair of chair legs and was nicely decorated in a smooth silver tinted metal tone. The chair was attached to a long matching silver tinted operating table with eight legs supporting the heavy metal chair. At the end of the smooth table, a pair of matching silver tinted foot stirrups, on top of an individual pole, stood upright for resting each foot, during the fitness exercise. Over the entire table surface, in-between the pair of foot stirrups, a thick silver tinted pole held a tilted long monitor screen that was comprised of large half-bubble shapes which viewed the chair and the table surface, which was not powered into activation but dull-looking dead.
He slid down and wiggled his fanny inside the hard chair, trying to find a comfortable spot, laughing with amusement. Lockette would enjoy the manly show. He found the right spot and smiled, lifting up both of his legs, planting each boot sole into a foot stirrup, wiggling each foot. “Hmm! This foot stirrup is tight and not right. I hope this machine is balanced. Else, I might sprain one of my bone ankles for fun. Then, Lockette can tote me back to the pickup truck.” He laughed out loud and shoved his body further down into the hard chair. The chair started to slowly shuffle backwards while forming a flat sleeping pallet on top of the hard metal table. Koon chuckled out loud. “Woo! That was unexpected. But I like it. I like it. I like this piece of equipment. I wonder what company designed it.” The chair gently halted and rested on top of the table, almost blending into the surface. Koon faced the dirty ceiling of rusty steel planks first and then viewed the long shiny monitor frame, smiling at the half-bubbled screen formation. “Well, I am resting here. Start up! Go! Do something!” He wiggled his body sideways with a smile and as his two boot soles jerked back and forth, all at the same time. His two ankle bones were secured down into each foot stirrup. He shouted out loud at the fitness machine. “Do something! I am here. I am waiting. Go! Go! Go!”
The large monitor screen clicked with a soft ting and lighted up the room, shining a horizontal beam down on each boot toe first. The beam was slightly heated and as Koon clapped with delight and then stopped, dropping both of his arms down onto the hard surface while staring at the strange stream of bright yellow tinted light. “What is that light? This is a rowing machine, not a body sauna. Hey! That single beam is hot and heated and sizzling on my leather boots but not touching my naked toe bones. Stop, machine. Halt, machine! Cease! Quit! What is that horizontal beam doing to my boots? O no! The beam has covered both of my boot toes and now both of my ankle boots and now it is slowly moving up both of my lower legs. Stop! Cease! Halt! Help!” He started waving both of his arms, but each arm was stick down onto the smooth table surface which was getting slightly heated also. Koon continued to wiggle without movement and screamed in horror and fright. “Help! Someone, please, come in here and help me! Someone, come here and cut off this runaway machine! Help me!”


Unknown time but plenty of cold, dark outer space molecules, within an upper chamber on an outer space starship orbiting Planet Earth, in the 12th Dimension, the ship’s meeting room appeared square-shaped consisting of four large glass windows and contained no furniture pieces as a human would describe, only invisible air molecules. A stream of pale blue hue appeared in front of the side glass window and then morphed into a standing an average height with average weight human-like outline, without any facial features, possessing an oval skull, an upper body, and a lower body that exhibited two arm limbs and two leg limbs. The pale blue outline slowly sat down in a pretend invisible chair scanning the empty room.
A second pale blue stream of light appeared and displayed the outline that measured four feet in height on an extremely skinny human-like body, exhibiting a large tear-shaped skull, a set of skinny and long arm limbs, and a pair of short, skinny leg limbs. The shape continued to stand without sitting down in a pretend invisible chair.
The last pale blue stream of light appeared and quickly morphed into a tall, muscular human-like shape, wearing a silhouette of long hair strands on the oval skull, two muscular arms, and two muscular legs.
The short, skinny human-like body continued to sit cross-legged and turned to view the tall, muscular human-like shape, laughing within each alien mind, without using a pia or lips. “You’re always the last to arrive, Nordic.”
Nordic slowly bend down into a cross-legged pose while ignoring the sound of the short alien. 
The tall, slender figure continued to sit inside the invisible chair and scanned the same circle with other pale blue tinted shapes, talking into each alien mind, without speaking out loud or moving a pair of lips. "What is the problem today?"
The Dino alien shape turned and sneered inside his mind at the short alien shape. “Why must we always gather our hologram bodies and active minds aboard a Grey outer space starship? It smells like a Grey and looks like the inside of a fireplace pit."
The four-foot tall, extremely skinny body on the Zeta Grey alien turned and sneered back at the extremely tall and wide Dinosaur alien body, talking back into each alien mind” I do not like your tone, your insults and I do not like that name either. My name ..."
"Grey."
"Grey."
"Grey."
"Grey."
"Grey."
"Grey."
Each alien entity continued to chuckle within their alien mind at the Gray alien.
The tall, slender female alien body on the Pleiadean alien exhaled with annoyance and stared at the Grey alien, speaking into each alien mind next. "We do not care about your name, Grey. We should present ourselves to the race of humans and some of the other aggressive uninvited aliens down there on Planet Earth."
The cat-like outline on the Feline alien body shook her long hair and spoke into each alien mind. “I thought the Pleiadean’s mind and body and soul represented peace and harmony. None of those alien bodies living and thriving, then dying down there on Planet Earth are uninvited. As a matter of fact, each and every alien is welcome to Planet Earth.”
The alien race of Pleiadean are not peaceful but playful. Ain’t that right, Pleiadean?” The Dinosaur alien body laughed within each alien mind. The other aliens nodded a glowing outline of a skull with agreement.
Grey alien turned and pointed at the tall, slender human-like body on the Messenger alien. “O! Please, tell us how that turned out for you, son?" He laughed within his alien mind with some of the other aliens.
The tall, slender human-like appearance on the Messenger alien spoke into each alien mind. "Our visual presence down on Planet Earth will create unwanted and unwarranted fear from each silly, stupid, and selfish human and then each one of the other visiting entities will badly react and cause the fifth Galaxy War with the Elder Race.”
The Bird alien body shouted out loud into each alien mind, “Anunnaki! Use their human earthling name! They like that ‘warrior name’ better than the Elder Race title.”
The Orionian alien expressed worry and spoke into each alien mind. “Anunnaki, the alien bodies are really the vile, vicious earthlings in disguise and disgust that trick the human mind. We, as the Council of Light, should deal with the Anunnaki.”
Dino alien nodded and slapped both heavy fists together. “I like a fight. I welcome a fight with the Anunnaki. Let’s go and rumble!”
“Dino thing, what are you doing here within the Circle of Light? Your big-boned species had your chance and then blew it!" Gray alien laughed.
Feline alien pointed to the tall, slender human shape and giggled. "Actually, the Prince Creator blew it up with a massive outer space ice cold rocky asteroid."
"He was testing the minerals on the planet. It worked. The planet held. But I can't say the same for his first critters."
Dino alien continued to sit and shouted out loud. "I do not have to sit here within these lumpy and stinky air bubbles and heard insults by a gray tinted stick pin," he laughed with the others, but the Gray alien. "Yes, we served and serviced and sacrificed our fellow Dino males and women for the cause and then decided to leave Planet Earth."
“Why are you here, Dino man?" Grey laughed.
“Some of our kin or kind decided to stay and experience the Earth excitement. We have a vested interest in your new plan of action that involves damage, not violence."
“Who told you?" Joe smiled.
Dino man gasped in alarm. “What! I was…”
“… kidding and joking with you, in here, too." Messenger angel laughed with the others.
Feline sneered. “That’s exactly why your alien species were eliminated from Planet Earth.”
“No!” Dino alien sneered and stood upright and tall in the air waves. “The Dino aliens all agreed that our time on Planet Earth was done. We all agreed to die and left behind our legacy, the precious oil under the dirt.”
Pleiadean female sneered at the Dino alien. “Yeah, you left it all behind. And each one of your dead decaying hides is polluting the air atmosphere and the water system and the dirt ground making the true humans sick and mentally unstable. You should be ashamed of your alien species, Dino.”
Feline alien sneered. “The human race uses all of your dead dinosaur body parts along with the vicious Draconian Reptiles and the vile Anunnaki. No wonder Mother Nature is so stressed, and Planet Earth is so damaged. One more thing, we all have to help Mother Nature clean-up the planet for the human race, since the human race is too busy robbing and stealing and killing each other.”
“Mother Nature doesn’t need any help. She doesn’t want any help. So, it is best to leave Mother Nature alone,” Bird man alien laughed with the others.
Messenger alien nodded. “This is our prime purpose here: awaken the human into their higher self. Now, I am accepting a slew of new ideas.” Silence bombarded each alien mind without thought. He frowned. “Look and listen! We all agreed to come here to the new world and aid the entire human race. Mother Earth is ready for the change from the 5th Dimension into the 6th Dimension, which will leave behind…”
“…the Anunnaki old farts and the Draconian lizards.” Bird man alien stood upright and lifted both of his arms into the air, spinning around in a completed circle, stopping back in place. “Boom!”
Messenger alien nodded. “I have full agreement among the more friendly alien species but not one alien idea.” Silence bombarded each alien mind without active thoughts. He nodded. “I have one grand idea that will knock the wool socks off of each human foot.” He chuckled.
The Dorian alien nodded and spook into each alien mind. “Well, one or all of us could beam out from here and stand beside the man-made gigantic telescopes named SETI which is the Search for Extra Terrestrial Intelligence," she laughed with some of the other aliens.
“These are some funny words. The race of humans has the gall to call themselves, the super intelligent species of the lot. We should show them what an advanced superior intelligent race really looks like."
A new pale blue stream of light appeared standing in-between the tall Nordic and the tall, slender Messenger alien, morphing into a human outline with an oval skull, an upper body with two lean arm limbs, a lower body with two lean leg limbs, screaming out loud in each alien mind. “Help! Stop! What! What is happening to me?” The human outline stood in the air waves within the alien ship and wobbled side to side, scanning the new environment. “Where am I? What is this? Who are you?”
Grey alien pointed one of three fingers at the new human outline. “What is that thing?”
“That thing is a true human.” Pleiadean nodded to the human.
“How did that thing get here?” Grey alien frowned and spoke into each alien mind, including the new human’s mind also.
Pleiadean smiled. “Stop it, Grey! You are acting rude to our new guest.”
“How did our new guest get onto my ship?”
The new human beamed aboard like an Earth astronaut.”
“Does he possess teleportation powers?
Dorian nodded and spoke into each alien mind including the new human mind also, “Of course, the human does along with his human species. All of us and they do.”
Orion alien frowned. “I understand how the human managed to get here on board the starship. Why is the human here?”
The human outline slowly wiggled his outline while hearing the telepathic words coming into his active mind. He exhaled with nervousness and released his worries, calming speaking into his human mind, talking to the group of aliens. “Hello! I am sorry for my disruptive appearance here inside your ship and your meeting. I am shocked like you. Who are you? Is this the Spirit World?”
“He is. We ain’t.” Grey alien pointed to Messenger angel.
Dino alien frowned. “How did the human get here on the starship? I am lost with the knowledge.”
Grey alien lifted up an arm and nodded the skull. “I can answer the question for my big alien friend. Someone left hidden down there on Planet Earth one of the Atlantean atomizers. An atomizer will transport the living Soul of a human or an alien up here into 12th Dimension for meetings and gathering information, before the activation of the first human DNA model. An atomizer was used by the Atlanteans during the test mode. Someone forgot to bring up their work machine, before the great escape from the First Galaxy War. Thus, we, now, have a human soul among out group,” he laughed with the other aliens.
Orion alien nodded. “Grey is correct. The atomizer is an alien machine with that purpose. After out meeting, I will run down and destroy it.”
Bird man alien frowned. “You can’t drop down on Planet Earth in your original alien form. Your invisible body can’t touch a physical object. You must reincarnate as one of the humans and then grow as a fetus inside the womb of a human and then painfully birth out from that woman’s body, and then become a baby first. After about ten or eleven or twelve years later, you can finally go and find the physical spot with the alien atomizer, destroying it. The end.”
Orion alien laughed. “Forgot it! I elected, a long time ago, not to reincarnate as a nasty human species again, walking down on Planet Earth.”
The human outline continued to stand and enjoyed the banter among the alien entities, waving one arm, speaking into each alien mind. “Hello, again! I am still here and present. What is this place? Who are you? What are you talking about here?”
“Do we allow him to join our reindeer games?” Feline smiled at the human.
“I agree.” Pleiadean nodded.
“I do not agree.” Grey frowned.
The tall and slender female outline in pale blue nodded to the human. “I am a Pleiadean alien. I am a female. My species is tall and slender with either blonde or brunette hair strands and a pale tone of skin. We come from the Pleiades Star Cluster, which is 430 light-years from Planet Earth. We re friend with the Andromedins, who come from the Andromeda constellation. We were the first alien species to arrive on Planet Earth…
Grey alien frowned. “That’s not correct, Blue Girl.”
“Three feet in height, slender with gray tinted skin, I am a Gray alien. I possess high intelligent and a logical based personality while lacking emotions, unlike some of my alien friends.”
Human stood upright and waved both of his arms in the air, shouting into each alien mind. “Wait! Wait! Why is a Grey alien here within the Circle of Light? I know all about the Grey alien species. They kidnapped humans for medical experiments and killed cows for body parts or food or fun. I don’t know the reason. They hail from the Zeta Reticuli star and work with the Illuminati and Deep State trying to overthrow the government and establish the One World Order. What is he doing here?”
“Look! There are two factions of Grey aliens. The Grey aliens coming from the Rigel outer space star are the ones that made a pact with the devil, who is named as the US Federal Government. The humans are fighting against them, not me and my grey kin or kind.”
Grey alien smiled. “Until the loving and caring and great Arcturian brother and sisterhood stopped your ugly circus performance on the humans and the planet. The Grey aliens were all alike at one time. Now, the rest of the hidden nasty Grey aliens are the ones that mate with human females and then rip out the unborn healthy fetuses eating the human flesh, guts, and bones and blood. The Rigel Grey aliens are superior to the humans and love to eat them, literally.”
The short pale blue alien nodded to the human. “Four feet in height, slender with green tinted skin, almond sized eye sockets, three fingers, and dark brown eyeballs. Each Arcturian lives for 400 years. We possess move objects with our mind and talk within our mind to each other and other alien entities. I am an Arcturian alien coming from the Arcturus, which is the brightest star in the Booties constellation and 36 light-years from Planet Earth. We teach love and light. We protect Planet Earth and the native earthlings from harm.”
“Thank you.” The human nodded with gratitude.
“We travel in starships here to Planet Earth. We possess the highest vibrations in the galaxy and closer to the Prime Creator than any other alien species. We focus on the pathway of the God consciousness.”
“What about the Reptiles?”
From the Alpha Draconis planet come the vile and ugly reptilian Draconians. They are green colored…”
“Why are you green colored, Green Boy?”
Human frowned. “How am I supposed to know the good green colored aliens from the bad green colored aliens?”
Messenger alien nodded to each outline. “Finally, the introductions are done! Let us get down and finish our heavenly business! We were discussing ….”
Human frowned. “Why am I here? What brought me here?”
“The human is not going to stop talking inside my head. Either one or more talented aliens transport him back down to Planet Earth or kills him in that airy spot,” Dino alien laughed inside each alien mind. Human gasped in alarm.
“That vicious and vile statement is why your entire dinosaur species became extinct on Planet Earth, Dino man.” Feline fluttered her tail in the air.
“Let me do it!”
Messenger alien shook his skull and spoke into each alien mind. “No one is going to do anything to our glowing human brother. I will tell the story.”
Grey alien flipped both of his skinny arms in the air and dropped them down by his side. “I have heard the story. Wait! I was there making the story” He laughed.
Messenger alien nodded. “The Source creates a new planet. After Planet Earth was created, a very long time ago, Mother Nature called upon the universe to fill the world with beings.”
Grey alien nodded. “O! So, this is all her fault for the trampolining down all of the native earthlings. Then, she can clean up the planet and manage the natives.”
Messenger alien said, “Allow me to clarify here first! Please control your voice, Grey! Now, once upon a time, Planet Earth was empty of life forms, not oceans, air molecules, or dirt grains. Once the telepathic call came out from Mother Gaia, tons of aliens from all the galaxy and beyond the galaxy responded and landed down there on Earth. And let me emphasize here, all of the aliens responded and arrived in their borrowed or stolen or operational outer space star ships, including the Draconians. So, every alien came and planted their alien DNA here in the dirt, the oceans, and the air. This is where all of the birds, the bees, the fish, the animals, the plants, the trees, and the humans come from. Basically, Mother Gaia allowed us to create a new species which is called human.”
The human gasped in alarm. “What! What are you saying, to me? What am I hearing in here?”
Bird man alien frowned at the human. “You know this to be true.”
Orion alien nodded. “Actually, his human part does not know the truth. As he had used the Atlantean atomizer drifting his living Soul up here, without a true mental mind ascension procedure, into our meeting, I suspect that he does not understand.”
“This is very danger for the human and us. Do we send the human back down to his home world on Earth?”
“We can’t do that. He must send his own body back down to Earth. Do it, human! Go back home!”
The human crossed both of his arms and shook his skull. “I am not leaving. I wanna hear this. What are you talking about? I can help educate my fellow earthlings.”
“He can help.”
“I doubt it.” 
Orion alien nodded. “Back to the ancient history lesson! When all of the talented aliens came together and formed a community, a group of builders created a huge technology city with flying air ships, working robots, food booths and fun sites. The city was named Atlantis. Once all of the buildings and factories and transports had been constructed, the builders started working on their newest invention, a human model. Each alien contributed their individual DNA strands into the first human model. Thus, the human DNA is composed of every single alien DNA. However, the amount of alien DNA varies within each human. For example, a Draconian reptile personality features a controlling trait. If you engage with a human, who DNA is composed of one or numerous strands of Draconian reptile. Then, the human will exhibit a controlling habit and personality coming from their DNA strand. The DNA strand cannot be changed or modified, only controlled by the human mind.”
Messenger male alien sat beside a Grey alien on the forward glass window and displayed another human-sized outline that measured four feet in height on an extremely skinny human-like body, exhibiting a large tear-shaped skull, a set of skinny and long arm limbs, and a pair of short, skinny leg limbs. The shape continued to stand, without sitting down in a pretend invisible chair.
Beside the Grey male alien, a tall Pleiadean female alien outline appeared with slender features, sitting down in a pretend invisible chair.
Beside the Pleiadean female alien, a very tall, extremely slender Bird male alien, with a muscular upper chest and a pair of thin legs, sat in the air waves in a pretend chair. Each arm featured a row of fluttering bird feathers and the head skull displayed a pointy nose and a set of feathers around the bone skull. The tall life form sat down in a pretend invisible chair also in silence.
Beside the Bird male alien on the other side wall of solid glass that displayed billions of twinkling stars within outer space and morphed, an extremely tall and wide Dinosaur male alien outline continued to sat in the air waves, like his alien friends, displaying a square-shaped bone skull and a pair of upright ear points, two extremely large and thick arms, two extremely large and thick legs with a long thick tail that hung in the air waves.
On the opposite the entrance wall, a short, four feet high Arcturian male alien body frame with a regular skull on a slender frame and three fingers on each two hands, two arms, two legs, continued to sit in a cross-legged pose, instead of a pretend invisible chair.
Beside the Arcturian male alien species, a tall slender Feline female alien outlined body with a cat-like skull containing two ear points and a head of long flowing mane of outlined hair strands, and a fluttering cat tail, sitting in an invisible chair too.
Beside the Feline female alien species, a human blob outline of an Orion female alien glowed in numerous colors, including pale blue, and continued to sit in an invisible chair.
Beside the Orion female alien, a tall, muscular Telosian male alien species wore a silhouette of long hair strands on a hologram oval skull, two muscular arms, and two muscular legs, sitting down in a pretend invisible chair.
The outline of the Earth human continued sit in the air waves in-between the taller Telosian male alien life form and the tall and slender Messenger male alien, displaying an oval skull, an upper body with two lean arm limbs, a lower body with two lean leg limbs. He shook his glowing skull and spoke into each alien mind. “I can’t believe this. I can’t believe this. I am really an Atlantean. And I was constructed or built or manufactured in the city of Atlantis. When did the city of Atlantis exist? What year? Where are the remaining pieces from the city of Atlantis now? Where are the weapons of destruction that destroyed the city of Atlantis?”
Orion female alien frowned. “We are not here to discuss such past and ancient information. We are gathered here to discuss the present situation.”
“All of the awesome Atlantean weapons of mass destruction that destroyed the great city of Atlantis, since I was there too, are located down into the deep depths of the one of the Earth oceans. The US States of New Mexico and California’s landmass had been part of great city of Atlantis. However, the First Galaxy Civil War did not end but continued raging like a wild fire throughout the war. Even today, there is still wars between the aliens and the humans.” Grey alien nodded.
“Thank you, Grey!” Orion female exhaled with annoyance. “However, the human energy is located here and resides here on Planet Earth with the human race.”
Grey alien nodded. “Part of the continuous wars, here on Planet Earth, is contributed to the Insectoids, another uglier alien race in appearance and personality, who want to establish a new Insectoid planet here. The Reptilians are bad guys throughout the galaxy and they wanna control the nice, sunny weather patterns, the vast earth minerals, the lush natural resources and kick off the humans, so they can establish their own new Reptilian planet here on Earth. The Martians came here and brought forth their sorrow about leaving their dying Mars which influences the human mind and the human emotions, not mine. I’m an alien,” he laughed with the other aliens.
Orion female alien said to the human. “Thank you, Grey, again! As I was stating before, the city of Atlantis is the birth of you and your new human civilization. You are really and truly living in the Atlantean timeline as you are really and truly connected to the city of Atlantis. However, the human scholars and scientists like to dismiss that bulk…
“Yeah, the alien warriors like to conquer and then destroy each new human civilization, which really confuses the human scholars and historians, because it is the alien races that are leaving the newly formed cities and sometimes leaving the planet, which destroys everything and confuses everything. I am getting confused,” the Grey alien laughed with the other aliens.
“Back to business!” Messenger male alien smiled.
Orion female alien nodded. “The city of Atlantis is the most important place within your higher self, Human, which is the beginning of your human evolution of the human body. Now, each human must experience a rebirth of your energy finding at your place of birth, the city of Atlantis.”
Grey alien nodded. “Back in time, during the beginning of the Atlantean timeline, inside the city of Atlantis, each human model was created and then experimented to improve the limits of god-hood and goddess-hood statues. So, the human model had been provided with both Draconian lizard genes and Old Man and Woman Anunnaki DNA strands. Yeah, it was dangerous. Yeah, it had worked. Yeah, lots of the human models carry both of the two dangerous genes, making a supernatural human life form here on Planet Earth. To balance out the dangerous genes from the peaceful genes, a group of Atlanteans became a Lightworker. That’s one word, if you are interested. A Lightwork represents the light, the goodness, the kindness, the gentleness. You got the pic! When the First Galaxy Civil War started, the forces of bad plus all of the humans with the numerous pieces of DNA lizard and Old Folks charged up the human model and improved the human life form, creating an alley against the peaceful Pleiadeans and the gang of Lightworkers that work for the light, the goodness of the human race, the planets, the entire galaxy and beyond. However, because there is always the word, however. However, the human model with the newly created human mind was very, very powerful and very, very misunderstood while the human body was flinging out god-like and goddess-like awesome supernatural abilities at the innocent goody-good does. Hence, this is the part in the Holy Bible that references good versus evil. But the Bible doesn’t really say who will win at the end.”
“Good people, entities, and beings always wins.” The human nodded.
“Well said, Human!” Arcturian male nodded.
So, all of the Lightworkers left the city of Atlantis and lost their supernatural abilities, too boot. So, all of the good aliens left and then escaped with their alien life from Planet Earth, leaving the nasty set of evil aliens.”
“If that is so, then why are you up here above the planet, inside an invisible outer space starship? I don’t understand any of this new information. As a matter of fact, I am completely confused,” the human shook his glowing skull.
“And the mature male life form has spoken as a true human in the 3rd Dimension. I don’t understand how his soul get up this far into the outer space.” Bird male alien frowned at the human.
Orion female alien shook her head blob. “There is no wrong answer here. This is all fact, not fiction. The human model was created with numerous strands of alien DNA which had been forged in the laboratory setting, within the city of Atlantis. A human model had possessed free thought, spiritual thoughts, pretty features, emotions, supernatural powers, and constant joy.”
“O! Is that why I feel joy all the time?” Grey alien laughed with the others.
She said, “However …”
“There is that annoying word again.” Bird male alien laughed.
The current human model possesses free thought, spiritual thoughts, pretty features, emotions, no supernatural powers, and constant joy.  However, the current human must work to produce or maintain this happy status. Overall, each alien is a scientist or an artist desiring to great beauty, peace, harmony, love, joy, light…”
“Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! I like the fairy tale ending, too, Orion Girl.” Grey alien laughed. “The truth here is as follows. The good aliens left the planet along with the Lightworkers. The bad aliens stayed and played with the entire human race, creating their gods and goddesses that you read about in the ancient history books of Planet Earth. All of these ancient aliens enjoy still using some of the Atlantis factors, such like, the concept of a royal monarchy, modern technology, time and hours. Do you see and feel here? A myth or mythological poem holds all of the ancient Atlantean secrets, if you knew the truth and knew how to interpret the obvious ancient info. One example of historical lesson here, the Great Fire in the city of Alexandria of modern day country of Egypt had destroyed the history books which contained all of the Atlanteans and the city of Atlantis history. The fire bomb had been set by Julius Caesar, who was one of the original Draconian reptiles. History always repeats itself for a reptile.” He laughed with the other aliens. The human gasped in shock and nodded in silence at the newly shared information.
Grey alien nodded. “Then, the bolder, not smarter humans with all of the numerous lizards and Anunnaki body parts created a new game and introduced to the peaceful, fun-looking gang of innocent humans, which was called politics. The game created a set of new roles or players, which were call politicians and the goal was collecting as much money and power as possible, without dying first. The other human could die first. The politicians currently are the human and the aliens carrying around the most reptile, lizard, and Anunnaki genes. These particular humans and aliens do not possess telepathy but like to play and then trick and then manipulate all of the innocent peaceful humans, that do not share the common goal of conquer, divide and collect all of the assets. Thus, most of the humans are brain-washed into thinking that they must work for money and they must pay their hard-working monies to the powerful humans, in order to breath the fresh air and paint a smile on their sweaty face. Thus, back then and today, all of the bad aliens and all of the terrible humans have enslaved the rest of the human race down here on Planet Earth. Now, let us compare this current existence with the days and nights in the city of Atlantis, where the human model was a god or a goddess. Yes, I dare us that word, god or goddess. The point of the experimentation of creating a human model was to place all bits and bites and pieces of each known alien within the galaxy inside a living bio-shell that could think, act, breathe, and provide feedback to each dull, boring, unhappy alien. The end!”
“That is not the end!” Feline female frowned at the Grey.
Arcturian male alien nodded to the human. “The residents of Atlantis were split within their values regarding the view of point, power, and spirituality for the newly created human race, which led into the first civil war. So, as a modern day human, you have missed the other realities, within your mind. You are part of the different realities as a reincarnated soul.”
The human stood upright from the pretend chair and waved both of his glowing arms in the air. “I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew you were going to say the word, reincarnation.” He nodded and then sat back down, crossing both of his glowing pale blue arms over the matching glowing chest.
Arcturian male alien continued. “Let me be clear here! A living Soul is created by the Source, not an alien builder or an alien machine or a human mother or father. The living Soul had been created eons before the construction of Planet Earth. Each human model possesses a living Soul, else the human is not a human, but a demon. This is referenced in your Personal Instruction Manuel, which is called the Holy Bible. Each living Soul possesses supernatural powers coming from the Source, not the human DNA strands. Thus, your living Soul existed before Planet Earth and lived someplace else on another alien world. Once each human bio-shell was completed, the Source granted a living Soul permission and the ability to occupy a human bio-shell that contained the newly installed numerous DNA alien strands while performing a life challenge of learning or a past life punishment of criminal bad karma. Once each human model was occupied with an ancient living Soul, the fun began.”
Orion female alien nodded. “The abuse began, also. Everything has a purpose, even a tree, a plant, a bumblebee, and a human. When the city of Atlantis was drowning down into the sizzling ocean waters, some of the Lightworkers left the planet and lost their psychic abilities. However, the other Lightworkers took a side in the civil war and then died, reincarnating back into a façade fake human format with numerous bad alien genes becoming a wicked Soul and a wicked human. I must point out here. A living Soul chooses the pathway of light and right or darkness and wrongness. Not one alien influences a living Soul but the Prime Creator. However, the human likes to use and abuse everything, everyone, and every way. The lessons from the destruction of Atlantis are coded within our DNA and stays with us forever. None of us want to relive and repeat that particular past. The human mind holds great intelligence. The human mind possesses great supernatural abilities, where the mind can fly off the planet and travel the cosmic without injury or delay. But, the prime key of traveling the cosmos is awakening the human mind, releasing all of their god-like powers. As a human, living here in the 3rd Dimension, you need to rebirth back into your higher self which is your mental mind thoughts and travel backwards going back into time and visit your Atlantis roots.”
The human frowned. “Look! I am sort of comprehending, but not really understanding. Why are all of the aliens and the Source picking on the humans? When I heard the verbal arguments, we are the new kids on the block, the newbies.”
“The gang of aliens called the Atlanteans build the human model with numerous strands of alien DNA streams. That was a feat and a marvel and a biological machine of invention, all by itself. They did that because each ancient alien has lost their emotions of passion, happiness, compassion, joy, peace, harmony, and other good feeling. So, each ancient alien wants to mentally connect to one or more new human species. And the new human can connect back all aliens, using your specially designed alien DNA genes. The other aliens cannot connect at an emotional level, only a metaphysical level, which leads to misunderstandings and then eventually to a civil war, not a peace existence. This is the point of your creation and your existence, Human!” Dino male alien laughed with the other aliens.
The human swiftly stood upright and wobbled in the air waves, lifting both of his arms in the air, shouting out loud into each alien mind. “Wait! Wait! Wait!”
“His favored triplet word…” Feline female alien laughed.
“His flavored triplet word…” Dino male alien laughed.
Bird male alien nodded to the human. “Wait for what? What is going to happen up here, Human?”
“Nothing ever happens up here. Period!” Grey alien laughed.
“That is so true, so true, so true!” Telosian male alien smiled.
The human waved both of his arms in the air and sat back down, nodding to each alien outline around the loose circle of outer space life forms. “I understand some stuff. All of the aliens came here and gathered here on the new world and created the city of Atlantis. Then they build the human model, which is me, from alien DNA strands. That’s really cool! Then some of the aliens become jealous of the human model and wanted to control or destroy the human model. So, the first Galaxy Civil War broke out in the city of Atlantis that covered massive landmass which extended as far as the US State of California. Anyways, the good guys and gals lost the first civil war under the treaty of losers within a violent bloody civil war, leaving the planet, foreverly. So, why did all of you come back here to Planet Earth? Your friendly introduction and your pale light blue outline clearly display a circle of different alien species, inside this room, on an outer space starship, where my head is still wrapping around the entire alien visitation. Anyways, why are you up here with me? I am overwhelmed that I am here; but I am here. How were you able to come back? I am slowly learning but a good listener. You said that the good aliens were forced and agreed to leave Planet Earth.”
Orion female alien nodded to the human. “He is a good human. You are correct with your shared new knowledge of aliens and the city of Atlantis. However, this golden rule applies to all life forms, which live and breathe and reproduce here on Planet Earth or another viable world. When a vile human life from harms another vile or innocent life form, such like, a human or animal or insect or plant or tree, Planet Earth gives off a stream of negative energy waves drifting off the planet, up in the atmosphere and throughout the galaxy. Thus, all of the alien worlds are affected with the negative energy wave too. This energy wave is a visible vibration which drifts into any and all alien minds through their natural ability of telepath.”
The human frowned. “What negative energy wave? Where was the negative energy wave? I didn’t feel a negative energy wave in my body or near my body or in my eardrum or in my mind. When did this negative energy wave happen? Was I born during the negative energy wave?”
Grey alien frowned. “I do not believe that you were birthed in human format back then. So, why don’t you guess based on all of your human world history?”
The human nodded. “Yes, I can guess. Let’s see! Something produced a negative energy wave pattern here on Planet Earth that left the planet and affected each alien that lived throughout the galaxy. I know. The atomic bomb. The USA denotated two nuclear weapons over the landmass of people on August 6, 1945, killing and melting humans and aliens while ending the terrible war between peoples too. That atomic blast rattled the landscape, the ocean waters, and the skies.”
“Yes, the human is well versed in human world history.” Bird male alien nodded. 
“He is close but not a cigar as the humans like to say. Well, actually, it was the Anunnaki Elder aliens liked to execute after a bloody war,” Grey alien laughed.
Feline female alien nodded. “All of the aliens came back in the year 1945. When the acid drops started falling down like a sheet of rain, after the first atomic bomb test on Planet Earth, in the year 1945, at 05:29 a.m., on July 16th, in the desert sands within the US State of New Mexico. The military silly humans were taking orders from their disguised Anunnaki overlords, who played the mind game and clouded the human mind with power. So, that particular massive exploded on the dirt and shot out from the planet, sailing around the galaxy, slamming into each planet world and each alien mind. One single energy wave from Planet Earth and each human is connected to each other. When a negative or a positive energy wave is produced by Mother Gaia and each human, the alien feels the power and then they will come to Earth and investigate the negativity or bath in the positivity. This is the reason for our existence around Planet Earth. Each alien can see all of the different timelines that surround Earth’s past, not its future.
Grey alien laughed. “However, there exists a group of nasty humans who are more than happy to blow Planet Earth into the kingdom come, in the future.”
Feline female alien nodded. “Thus, when Planet Earth or rather the native inhabitants of Planet Earth mess around with the existence of the planet, the humans also mess around with the existence of all the other planets, other alien races, and then entire universe. So, the war treaty is null and void at the moment, until the next Galaxy Civil War. And I do not know who will win that one either. Thus, our alien hide is in danger too from each careless or nasty human model.”
Dino male alien nodded. “Another reason for the alien invasion is these atomic blasts create holes in the ground which will eventually reveal structures, statues, rusty robot parts, pieces of the city of Atlantis, which was far and grand and grand and far. All of the structures, machines, equipment, dead bodies, and robot parts are located underground deep into the rock. But eventually, these types of man-made sonic booms will rattle the dirt and unearth each ancient object, which will freak all of the other humans out of their minds, who do not believe in alien life forms.”
The human shook his glowing skull. “Wait! I don’t understand and I am still confused. All of the aliens came back to Planet Earth, because the nasty or stupid humans under the direction of the Anunnaki leaders blasted radiation in the air and over the ocean waters and into the galaxy. And I find out that all of the aliens have been living here or spying here since the year 1945. I was not birthed in the year 1945. Why doesn’t a human tattle-tail on you, since the year 1945? There were billions of people living on the planet. Why don’t some of the human persons tattle-tail on you? That doesn’t make any sense to me.”
Bird male alien nodded. “Well, some of the humans did, in the 1950s, when the vile and vicious Grey aliens started abducting individual humans, conducting their vile and vicious medical experiments, until Commander Astah stopped the nasty acts.”
“That’s wasn’t me! I just explained my position on the violent subject. It was the other race of Greys, not me.” Grey alien frowned.
Bird male alien nodded. “However, you, the entire human race, all of the annoying aliens are living within the current Atlantean timeline, where the bad aliens lead, control, and run each country’s government, including the US Federal Government. Thus, all of the truthful and harmed humans were hidden in the dark shadows or declared as crazy nutty humans. The end! Another human didn’t believe one or all of the nutty humans and didn’t wanna believe that there were really one or more outer space aliens living within the same galaxy, much less on the same planet. Another ending!”
Arcturian male alien nodded. “There is more of this particular storyline here. After the creation and the destruction of the city of Atlantis, all of the good aliens left the planet and left the humans behind. However, the wild and dangerous DNA strands from the Draconian reptiles and Anunnaki Elder aliens inside each human caused more trouble and more damage and more vile, vicious body and mind acts against all of their fellow humans and almost all of the friendly aliens. However, Planet Earth was designed as a Free Will world, where the world and the natives could freely create themselves and the world with Mother Earth in charge of everything. So, the Prime Creator had anticipated some vile, vicious acts and actions against the new human species and planned appropriately. A life form does not live forever here on Planet Earth. That is an impossible task. The bio-shell of flesh, blood, bones, and tissues are influenced by gravity, disease, accidents, and other factors as a fragile form of water, minerals within a chemical object. So, a sick or injured life form will die, when the pumping heart organ is crashed, or the hard bone skull is shattered on purpose or by accident. The Prime Creator will not repair or replace the dead body, giving life to the living Soul that comes directly from the Prime Creator. So, each living Soul, for naming purposes, whether it is a human or an alien, has life and has the right to continue their Soul on Planet Earth or another planet or back to their home planet. This process is called reincarnation, where the living Soul is recreated into another bio-shell on another planet for fun or punishment. I will describe the concept of punishment in a moment.
My point, the living Soul that wants to reincarnate here on Planet Earth is required to sign a Soul Contract. The word, soul, is one alien or one human. The word, contract, is a heavenly legal term used by the Prime Creator, only. Thus, the living Soul signs a Soul Contract that covers lot of fun or bad stuff while living back on Planet Earth again and again and again. Time is not a measurable factor within the universe, it is a life concept.  Some of the fun or bad stuff includes but is not limited to a past life bad karma for the living Soul, or a lost purpose for the living Soul or experiencing motherhood for the living Soul or aiding one or many humans. So, when the living Soul is reincarnated back down into a growing fetus inside its future human mother, the living Soul forgets about their Atlantean timeline or their alien home timeline, experiencing a new timeline while playing with some new boys and girls.”
Dino male alien laughed. “That is a great concept; but it doesn’t work out like that for the human.”
“What does that mean? I don’t understand.” The human frowned.
Arcturian male alien nodded. “After the creation of the city of Atlantis, everyone was happy. During that happiness, the grand plan for the human was to become a living Soul, who could travel throughout the galaxy and meet and greet all of the other aliens. However, it didn’t turn out like that.  The vile race of aliens wanted greed and power. During the First Galaxy Civil War, each powerful and gifted human model picked one side on the civil war. Some of the humans died in glory or gory. The other humans survived and became the slaves to the lizards and the Elders. The humans who died had to come back to their birthed home world as each human could not fly around the galaxy, like me or my alien friends here within this Circle of Life. Thus, the human is entrapped two ways down here on Planet Earth. When a human bio-shell ceases to exist, the living Soul flees the dead flesh and ascends into heavenly plane, where the living Soul waits and watches for its next reincarnation. The human inside the living Soul cannot fly away from the heavenly plane and casually visit another outer space world, even though the human living Soul can see all of the wonders of the universe. Thus, the living Soul is assigned a new human or alien family and signs a Soul Contract, which is really the length of time on Planet Earth. Within the Soul Contract, the living Soul has accepted and signed a prime purpose down on Planet Earth. For example, some of the Lightworkers come back down to Planet Earth and aid the human races. Some of living Souls come to Planet Earth and collect data while performing nice or nasty experiments on their fake human bodies or true human bodies. Some of living Souls come here and do not work but hang out, provide input, and chill during the day. Some of the living Soul are searching for a purpose in their life. Some of the living Souls have been punished for a vile human crime and are required to come back down to Planet Earth, working out the punishment cycle, which sometimes takes centuries. Some of the living Souls come to Earth and serve the dark side. Some living Souls desire to seize Planet Earth and rule the humans. However, the seizure of the Planet Earth will never happen, since the good aliens watch over the world and all of the humans from the evil vicious aliens. However, the good aliens cannot interfere with an individual human, who is looking for trouble or experimenting in trouble. That is Free Will of the human that lives on a planet with Free Will also.”
Dino male alien frowned. “Does any or all of this newly shared information sound familiar, Human?”
“Yes, your shared information is not new but familiar.” The human nodded.
Bird male alien nodded. “Historically and currently, you and all of the other human species are part of ancient world at the beginning of ancient civilization with the Atlantean Era. This is where your flesh and blood body had been constructed or manufactured. When your bio-shell dies, your living Soul drifts back up into the heavenly plane, where sign another Soul contract coming back down to Planet Earth. So, rinse and repeat!” He laughed with the other aliens.
The human shook his glowing skull. “I sort of understand.
Telosian male alien laughed. "Human, you do not understand anything here. You have barely scratched off the white fluffy meringue on top of the delicious the lemon pie. Every living Soul must sign a Soul Contract before returning back down here to Planet Earth. When the living Soul is reincarnated into the human fetus and then is born and then is grown into a human adult, sometimes the living Soul is one of the aliens, who likes to communicate with his buddies on his home world using his native alien telepathy and acts really weird and crazy there on the planet while making his human person homeless and penniless. Or the living Soul has reincarnated into an adult for some type of bad karma punishment and is not interested in learning, but making a new mess here on Planet Earth, which drives both the humans, the aliens, the lizards, and the Anunnaki Elders crazy too,” he laughed with the other aliens.
The human gasped in shock. “So then, when do I know that I will encounter a human or an alien? How do I tell that the human is a human or is an alien? Do I wanna engage with aliens only or humans only or both for some reason? What do I do when I engage an alien?”
Bird male alien laughed. “The human never learns.”
Orion female alien frowned. “You are missing the point here, Human. The point, you are more than human or alien. It does not matter if you engage or encounter a human or an alien. This is your journey, not their pathway. Move outta of their pathway and finds yours.”
The human nodded. “Okay! All right! I am a human stuck down here on Planet Earth. I am a human on a foot journey. So, how do I learn to fly away from heavenly plane and never return back down to Earth?”
Orion female alien said. “You are living down there on Planet Earth to find yourself, unfolding your secret, finding your high self. Once you find your higher self, you will learn and then revisit all of your past lives that have led into your current timeline. When you are ready, the purpose will reveal itself.”
The human frowned. “I don’t get it. What is my purpose as a human model or an Atlantean or a something?” He waved both of his arms in the air and spoke into each alien mind. “Wait! Wait! I can understand that Planet Earth is a seed planet and possesses Free Will and is open to any and all aliens that come here and live and thrive and then die here on the planet, returning back to the planet or go onto another ancient planet. And all of these alien bodies come from within the Milky Way Galaxy and beyond the Milky Way Galaxy.” The human nodded. “Why would an alien want to come here to a seed planet? The planet is new and uncharted and untested.”
Arcturian alien nodded. "A living Soul possesses a higher dimension but sometimes the living Soul is lost with a purpose of its alien life. So, that alien living Soul comes here and gets stuck here in the 3rd Dimension, liking the fast man-made cars, the faster human or alien women, the fast money, the sex.”
Bird man alien nodded. "So, as a new seed planet, Planet Earth has everything for every searching or empty living Soul. That’s why your world and your universe is all messed up, including some of the human race.”
Feline alien frowned. “Do not confuse the human’s thought processes.”
Arcturian alien nodded to the Feline alien. “Sometimes, the living Soul is not lost, but punished. Then, the living Soul is sent back to one of the planets and is destined to pay back their bad karma. Good karma leads to the next step of God Consciousness. Bad karma moves sends the living Soul back down to their home planet or another outer space planet or even back here to Planet Earth. It is the living Soul’s decision which is overseen by one of the greater entities within the universe. Thus, the only rule for a seed planet is that the alien entity must be re-born or reincarnated as a human, who looks like another human. However, the human façade behind the alien face is re-tested or re-tried also, in order to become a better entity, like a human.”
The human waved both of his arms in the air and stood upright from the air waves, nodding at each alien face. “Wait! Wait! I’m getting something weird and strange.  I…” He frowned. “My first job right after college, I worked for this large company. But this clear and colorful mental image comes from the 1930s, here in the United States of America, in the city of Birmingham, my first supervisor and I had worked in the alcohol prohibition era for money and fun and danger. I landed down into trouble and had to go to jail for…for the rest of my young life. Whoa! That flash back is really weird and vivid and terrible and horror. I died in jail.”
Orion alien nodded. “That particular past life experience was a karma lesson for your living Soul. In which, you had to pay back for another round of bad karma. This is how the reincarnation concept works.”
The human sat back down on top of the air waves. “How! How do I repent and not encounter another bad karma experience or lesson?”
He nodded. “That is the ultimate goal as a human. You must unravel yourself.”
The human frowned. “What does that mean? These words sound funny: unravel myself! How do I unravel myself?”
“Part of living here on Planet Earth is learning about all of your past lives and then expunging them from your living Soul. When you expunge or accept your bad decisions, you can start the healing process.”
The human stood upright and wobbled sideways in the air waves, slapping both of his palms against his glowing skull. “Wait! I’m getting a vivid daydream. Decades ago, my girlfriend was a flirty tramp to every human male and then left me, who was her devoted boyfriend,” he dropped both of his arms and nodded to each alien outline that didn’t show a face. “Now, I understand my vivid daydream. The information is so clear and understood. My girlfriend was dealing with her own bad karma. In her past human life, she had possessed prostitution energy. That’s weird!"
Dino male alien nodded. “This is a good sign. You are remembering some of your past timelines.”
The human frowned and shook his holographic skull. “I don’t understand. What is a timeline? I am alive and live in the present day, not past or future tomorrow. This is not a timeline. It is only time.”
“This is a big new concept, within the human mind, even though the ancient human mind can understand. The future of the alien race is ticked and tied back to each human model and is affected by entire race of earthlings, where the entire race of aliens must go into the next level of existence.”
The human gasped in shock. “Wow! This is some powerful, scary stuff.”
Dino male alien laughed. “You think this stuff is powerful and scary. You ain’t seen nothing yet. Planet Earth, currently, is a hostile environment and includes all of the human sins featuring sex, money, and earthly possessions. When a human baby is birthed here on the earth plane, the human instantly becomes a slave to the alien presence or the alien mother or the alien father or your alien mind.”
Feline female alien nodded. “Actually, the two factors of negativity and monies creatively explode the human and alien mind into new inventions.”
Telosian male alien laughed. “Only when the human embraces negativity and money and all of the sins of man.”
Arcturian male alien exhaled with annoyance. “All right! We have entertained the human visitor. Now, we must work on our current issue. We must be very selective in any and all opportunities.”
Orion female alien nodded. “I agree and I disagree. We must do something to guide the human species. They are enslaved by the reptilian species and do not even know it.”
Dino male alien nodded. “Well, some of the humans are very aware of their outer space visitors, which is a handful compared with the population number of seven billion. One time, the human at the higher self sees a Grey alien. Another human at the same level sees a Pleiadean alien. Then, the other humans are suspicious and pursuing poor or unhealthy guidance. The race or rest for of the humans are just plain deaf, dumb, and blind to everything but human greed, vanity and selfishness...”
“...and angry.” Pleiadean female alien nodded. “The human species are getting really upset with the reptilian species.”
Feline female alien smiled. “Then we should use our magical powers and appear in front of the humans.”
“No. That is not a good idea. The human model will become depressed and drowning in negativity energy waves which will reach out and affect every single alien.” Messenger male alien shook his glowing skull.
Bird male alien frowned. “What are we going to do about the race of humans? They do not, will not, and have not started to ascend into the higher dimensions. We should do something and not act passive.”
Feline female alien nodded. “I agree with Bird man. I do believe it is time to reveal ourselves. Or at least, we should reveal some of the outer space alien starships that continue to orbit the atmosphere.”
The human gasped in alarm and waved both of his arms in the air. “No! No! No! The human race is not ready for that presentation. The humans will react in a bad way and might start the next Galaxy War with ya’ll.”
“And the human race will lose, big time and bigly and bitterly and better than the First Galaxy War here on Planet Earth.” Grey alien laughed. “I do believe that idea to be the greatest idea among the Circle of Flight. Let’s show our alien selfies, start a war, end the war and take over the planet.”
“I would become very afraid, if I knew that my short alien friend Grey was joking about another Galaxy civil war.” Orion female alien started at the Grey alien.
Messenger male alien turned and nodded to the human, “Since, you are here inside our private meeting and you care to stay and learn, allow me to tickle you mind. Is that okay with your mind thoughts, Human?"
“What are you doing, Angel man?” Bird male alien frowned at the Messenger male angel.
The human nodded with a smile. "Yes! Yes! Please challenge me! I'm greatly curious and eager to participate in our meeting."
Messenger male alien nodded. "As one of the human species from Planet Earth, are you familiar the timeline of Ancient Greece?"
The human nodded again. "Yes. The Ancient Greece timeline started 11,000 BC until 600 AD."
"The Ancient Greek field of philosophical rules concentrates on reason and inquiry."
"I am an inquiring mind," the human laughed. "A couple of the best known philosophers of Ancient Greece were Plato and Socrates."
"We have a smart human here." Orion female alien nodded.
Messenger male alien nodded. "The reason and inquiry philosophical mind set had influenced each Greek citizen, but the idea had spread rapidly through the medieval Muslim philosophers, Islamic scientists, to the European Renaissance which influences modern day earthlings. Would you not agree, Human?"
The human nodded. "Yes."
Messenger male alien nodded. "Excellent, Human! I would for you to employ reason and inquiry with my little mind game. Are you up to the challenge?"
Gray alien frowned with his annoyance as the group of visiting Gray alien species were always annoyed with another species for something. "Why first and what second are you wasting my time with this human species? We are heard to save Planet Earth, not entertain one of many pests."
He nodded. "Do you know what a deck of tarot cards represents in a future reading of divination?"
The human frowned. “Well, I don’t really believe in tarot cards or predicting the future. But some talented con artists can view that type of colored cards and pretend read the future of an individual.”
Messenger male alien nodded. “Yes, that is the correct human definition.”
Dino male alien frowned at the Messenger male alien. "What are you doing, Angel man?"
Messenger male alien smiled at the human. "I am explaining our good intentions to one of the smarter human species. What is the oldest discovered civilization on your home planet?"
The human nodded. "Hmm! I enjoy reading and have lots of free time as I am a billionaire with nothing to do.”
Dino male alien laughed with a head nod. “That is the flaw of the species. The human species cannot answer a question. without referring their selfish person and their greedy earthly monies.”
The human frowned. Is that a major sin up here within this outer rim with space and no time?”
Messenger male alien smiled. "No, human! What is your answer?"
The human smiled. “The oldest city found by the scientist is Jericho within the country of
“In the tarot deck, the moon card signifies fears and negative energy while storing lies and secrets without becoming exposed. If you have lost something, then you will never, ever find it. The moon card is one of the major cards within the tarot deck that represents self-deception or delusion.”
"I cannot debate that concept, sir. I have never visited a fortune teller or a sensitive or a psychic or a person with six senses, only five of them," the human chuckled with the other aliens.
Messenger male alien nodded. "That is not necessary here. Wonder if I mention this fact here inside our meeting, to you, sir. The oldest civilization on Planet Earth is named as Jericho. The word, Jericho, is an old bible reference for the Canaanite word, moon, and the city was an early place of worship."
The human nodded with a smile. "Well, that would mesh nicely."
Pleiadean female alien laughed. "Yes, all of it is starting to mesh, nicely."
The human smiled. "I, too, am meshing nicely with all of my fellow aliens. I think,” he laughed with the other aliens.
Bird male alien nodded. “That’s a tease coming from your Atlantean life within the same Atlantean timeline.”
“Back to business here!” Telosian male alien frowned. “What are the humans doing? What are the humans doing about the pollution on the planet? The humans are performing the best for the dirt and the animals. The humans are misusing power, not taking responsibility for their human actions or their human waste or their human destruction.
Bird male alien nodded. “I am not happy with the race of humans. However, the destruction is not only the humans here. The humans must take care of the planet. Or the planet will kick the pests off the soil."
Feline female alien nodded. “In additional, something needs to be done with the destructive aliens, that are disguised as humans. The visiting aliens are not disguised as humans but faking a human facade, where the true humans cannot figure out, which is an alien, and which is a human. The true peaceful and joyous race of humans need to wake up and see all of the aliens, such as, the gangs of lizards that continue to enslave the humans and the planet. Else, the humans lose, and the aliens win the entire race. Ugh!”
“I agree.” Orion female alien nodded.
“Agreed!" Dino male alien nodded.
“I concur!" Arcturian male alien nodded also.
Grey alien nodded. “What do we do here?”
Telosian male alien stated. “So far, the other outer space planets are trashed and polluted. Or each planet is a dying star. This is why some of the alien souls come here to experience the resources of Planet Earth.”
Bird male alien nodded. “And some of the aliens are destroying the planets. What to do?”
Pleiadean female alien said. “Are the other aliens doing anything to help the human?"
Messenger male alien said. “No. Planet Earth is a seed planet with Free Will that has not changed, since the beginning of time."
Dino male alien nodded. "So, we need to intercede and offer help the human race.”
Feline female alien nodded. “Well, I am greatly disappointed in the true humans and annoyed at all of the Lightworkers.”
The human frowned. “What are ya’ll talking about? I don’t understand your bizarre conversation.”
Orion female alien said. “Do not judge all of the Lightworkers so harshly. Each one of the Lightworkers had lived and thrived within the city of Atlantis. Some of the Lightworkers left the planet and went back home. The other light workers stayed but lost all of the powers.”
Arcturian male alien nodded. “We should look for any and all opportunities to help, aid and guide the race of humans...”
“…and remove, rid, and run-off all of the unfriendly visiting aliens." Messenger male alien nodded.
“That is easier said than done!” Bird man alien laughed with the other aliens.
Pleiadean female alien nodded. “Now, let us discuss the present world of Earth. Currently, both the social and physical environment is hostile for the entire human race. I am not going to include any of the alien bodies, who eat, sleep, and piss in disguise. However, we here, within the Circle of Light, know and understand that a seed planet is an open invitation for any alien any alien can plant their DNA here. And all of the aliens did by producing some good stuff and lots of bad stuff. Now, we have to reprogram and retrain each one of the true humans.”
Feline female alien smiled. “We can use our magical powers.”
Orion female alien shook her blob of glowing skull. “No, we cannot interfere. Each human here on the planet is walking over the dirt on their individual Soul discovery pathway. Our shared information will come through to each human on their own time, over time."
“More like, over the human’s long reincarnated life times.” Bird man alien frowned.
The human frowned. “What are you talking about? I don’t understand here.”
"The Spirit Guide is a test for the human through the Prime Source. The harder the test; the harder you learn. You take lessons and teach others. You are going against the norm and hold your ground against the others. You release others from prison, and you take the bullets. There is a poisonous web and it takes time. When the human connects, the human sees the human truth while getting there little by little! Let it flow!" Messenger male alien laughed with the others.
Dino male alien turned and nodded to the human. “There is a heavenly future event coming to you, Human. Then all of the people will become less controlled. The homeless population find homes."
The human frowned. “When is that happening today or tomorrow? Can you give me a time frame?”
Feline female alien nodded. "When is that happening, Dino man? Right now, at this moment, down there on Planet Earth, numerous negative manipulations are coming from numerous aliens affecting numerous humans.”
Messenger male alien nodded. “The more spiritual awakening; the more reality reveals.”
Pleiadean female alien frowned. “Well, I can tell you from my personal alien observations. Too much human mind with human fears do not connect to the higher self.”
Orion female alien nodded. “The world is going to change. Mother Gaia is Free Will and path of ascension to the 6th Dimension and leaving some of the humans behind.”
Feline female alien frowned. “My point, right here and right now, the humans like to leave trash, say trash, and write trash, but do not like to clean, properly dispose, and then recycle their shitty trash. This is a prime example of one human, who is blinded with words, lives in privilege, and is immune to the painful environment her past and her present.”
Messenger male alien nodded. “Let us place aside all of the man-made inventions, which really belong to the invasive Anunnaki aliens, and all of the man-made words that mostly come from the Romans and Egyptians cultures, and come to the point, the purpose, the proposal of the day.”
“I do love when you flirt with me, Joe!" Feline female alien winked at the Messenger male alien.
“...and me, too, Joe!" Grey alien turned and laughed at the Messenger male alien also as each alien laughed out loud.
Orion female alien nodded. “Each human currently wears a thick, heavy black colored wedding veil over their face which covers up the eardrums too.”
“Wait! I just learned today, that the veil is really colored green, not black.” Grey alien laughed with the others.
Orion female alien continued. “Each human does not hear, see, and feel evil people and their evil ways. When the human does hear, see, feel, and taste evil, the human stands there in denial or turns away in disgust or does nothing but watches. That is more the sin than the sinner.”
"Do you judge the humans! You are not their dad or mom or sister or brother or uncle or aunt or cousin or alien!” Bird male alien frowned.
Grey alien laughed and slapped his chest, “Actually, in one of my many incarnations, I had played the role of sister with you, girlfriend. Bird man was a girl bird,” he laughed with the others.
Telosian male alien stated. “Each human greatly desires unity for freedom and purpose of life."
Dino male alien nodded. "You can't have unity, without the truth first. The truth has to come first. You must see, feel, taste, hear the truth.”
Messenger male alien stated. “Over the decades, the heavenly angels tell the praying humans the truth. Then the praying humans refuse to accept the truth, reject the truth, blow off the truth. The humans provide excuses. I am too weak. I am too black. I am too white.  I am too short. I am too tall. I am too good. I am too bad. I am too perfect. I am too imperfect. I give up," He tossed up his two arms in the air. “I give up, again!”
Arcturian male alien smiled. “Do not give up! We are here to aid each human, whether each one likes it or not.”
“Well, the future is coming to the humans. And I know the future for the humans. The future is the invasion of robots which will change the human landscape on Planet Earth from workers in the office to working at home. Should we start destroying the machines?” Telosian male alien nodded.
The human frowned. “What are you talking about? Future of computers? Future of humans? I am a human.  I am sitting right here. Do not ignore me!”
Dino male alien frowned. “No, we are not allowed to destroy the Anunnaki made machines? That was create the Sixth Galaxy Civil War between the good aliens, the bad aliens and the good and bad humans.”
Bird male alien nodded to each alien face. “I learn from my personal alien observations too. I was recently down on the Planet Earth and crossed this human female, who sorta rejected and sorta accepted the real truth. She is sixty years old and lonely for male companionship."
“Maybe, she desires some female companionship, instead.” Grey alien laughed.
Bird male alien sneered at the Grey alien, “No, she is programmed in her genes as a healthy heterosexual female and prays for a boyfriend, who is fun and open-minded and rich. She is not wealthy but works for her food and money. She is not resentful or angry that she works for a living as she does read her personal instruction manual and believes every human should work to eat food and to pay the bills. However, she does not manage her earned monies well and is always needing more.”
Feline female alien smiled. “I see it. I see it.”
Grey alien frowned. “What do you see, Cat girl? I see nothing but air waves.”
She smiled. “I am using my alien senses. The female human possesses some of my DNA threads. She loves feline cats, not canine dogs. Human, this is one of the benefits of creating a human model with varied alien DNA genes.”
Down from the metal rooftop, the head of a new entity with glowing blonde hair, a pair of blue eyes, and a tone of pale skin popped into the conference room, shouting out loud at the circle of aliens. “Hey! Stop spying on my ward!”
Orion female alien looked up and smiles. “Who are you, Angel?"
“I am her assigned Guardian Angel, the one from the heavenly plane." Angel floated through the rooftop by his head and then twisted upright, floating in the air waves, staring at the circle of aliens. He nodded to the Messenger male alien. “Hi, Joe!”
Messenger male alien nodded back. “Hey, Angel!”
Grey alien frowned at the guardian angel. “How do you know, Joe?”
Every entity on the planet and in outer space rim know Jesus. He is an angel, like me, but he is the leader of all of the angels throughout the galaxy.” Guardian angel smiled.
Feline female alien looked up and smiled at the angel. “Pull up a set of air waves and talk my ear off about your heavenly ward, Angel!" She laughed with the other aliens.
The human turned and frowned at the new entity. “Who is this? What is this? Do aliens pop into the meeting all the time? What did I miss? I don’t understand. Why isn’t any alien answering my confusing questions?”
The guardian angel folded his body in half and sat down in the air waves, speaking through telepathy into each mind while relaying his shared information. "I guess, I can do. My ward prays more than a muslin for world peace, feed the animals, shelter the homeless, heal the sick, and the other beauty contestant answers. She hears my words and never accepts them. One afternoon, she came home from work and parked in her usual spot. I told her to move her car from that usual parked spot. She heard me and did not react. I, again, told her to move her car from her usual parked spot. She did not react. I started shouting out loud into her eardrum to move her car from her usual parked spot?"
Dino male alien frowned. “Was her human mad-made automobile going to get stolen by one of the numerous and nasty Draconian lizards?”
The human gasped in shock. “How do you know all of this information? Are we supposed to learn all of this information?”
“No.” Her guardian angel smiled.
Bird male alien nodded. “Why did she need to move her car?”
“If you are going to interfere with my conversation, then I approve." Guardian angel laughed. "Her car was not going to become stolen but worser. She did not move her parked car from her usual spot on the car of the row. At midnight, another car filled with naughty teenage robbers drove through the gates of her apartment complex and could not slow down the automobile machine speed and hit her parked car at the rear door and rear bumper in her usual spot, creating a big nasty mess. She found out the next day and wasted great amounts of her time and her monies on the repairs. I told her. Now, she is more open-minded, after that terrible incident, which affected her human life more than the nasty teen males, who were Anunnaki brats. They were arrested and then released to continue their harm and mischief. She had heard clearly my words and refused the words, rejected the truth and did not react. This is a very simple and harmless example of one angel frustration moment. I could have saved the day and her angry emotions, if my ward had reacted. I do all that I can and still my human ward is unhappy or mad or disappointed or angry but not a me, but herself."
Arcturian male alien nodded to the heavenly angel. "Wow! That’s a great simple example of angel frustration. I cannot image, if the ward refuses, when their life is in jeopardy or a loved one is in danger."
The guardian angel continued. “What is a human soul doing up here?”
The human smiled. “I am observing.”
“All righty that statement!” The angel returned back with laughter and nodded to each face. “My ward hates tubs of water, pools of water, oceans of water. She is always afraid of fresh water and cannot not figure out the root cause. But I know the answers. My ward had drowned into a death act, during one of her numerous past lives She hates cold air temperatures at 75 degrees Fahrenheit, cold ground, cold winter season. Again, my ward had frozen to death in the freezing cold winter ice and snow, which was another one of her past lives. If she would open up her mind, then she could see all of her past lives and conquer her fears.”
Orion female alien nodded while speaking in the mind of each entity. "Yes, a dangerous event is very unsettling with great worry and concern for the assigned angel guardian and the affected humans. This is a grand problem with the race of humans. Some of them are too vein. Some of them are too scared. Some of them are open-minded. Some of them are closed-minded. I mean, really, I can talk all day long.”
Grey alien clapped and spoke into each mind. "Let's spy on her!”
"Yeah, let's spy on her!" Dino male alien nodded.
Guardian angel frowned. "No!”
"Yes.” Feline female alien nodded.
"Nope.” Orion female alien frowned.
"Yeah." Bird male alien nodded.
“Naw.” Arcturian male alien frowned.
"Yup." Telosian male alien nodded.
Orion female turned and nodded to the Messenger angel. "Joe, this is your planned Earth meeting. What is your decision?"
Joe nodded with a wicked smile and spoke into each mind without moving his lips without verbal but rolled his arm into action. "We must learn about the emotional damage on the race of humans. We must witness a human rejecting the truth, so we can compensate and then re-adjust our spiritual strategy for the entire human race, saving them from themselves and self -destruction."
"Joe wants to spy too." Bird male alien laughed.
“Just say the words, man.” Dino male alien frowned.
“I am not a man." Joe smiled.
“"Say it, Joe!” Dino male alien laughed.
Joe nodded. "Word!” Laughter bombarded the air waves. He nodded. “Let's spy on the human female!”
"All right! I got permission from the boss-man." The guardian angel rubbed a pair of glowing hands and then flipped both of his hands in the air. The circle of aliens, including the human soul continued to sit in an invisible chair, and stared at each other. In the center of room, inside the loose circle of air waves, the pale blue sky appeared on Earth. The physical vision dropped down through each fluffy white tinted cloud, descending through the air waves, focusing on a gray tinted paved city street in a nice rural community.
The human gasped in alarm and continued to absorb the mental image with clarify and familiarity, in silence.
The mental vision rode down the city street like a mental automobile slowing its pace, turning into the concrete driveway and stopped behind a closed green tinted metal-coated, single garage door. The exterior facade on the single-story residential house displayed light brown tinted bricks with a long concrete front porch with a short overhang, a set of double green-tinted metal doors and a single matching garage door. In-between the garage door and the edge of the brick, an enclosed patio held a screen-in porch which accessed the interior of the house and the garage. A row of scattered glass windows with open curtains displayed parts of each interior room, if you were a thief or a spy or an alien. On each front door, a lovely wreath of fake flowers in the colors of pink, yellow, pale blue, and mint green with a white tinted fake dove on the bottom ream nicely welcomed a family member or a friend or a foe.
The mental vision entered through the open glass pane and presented a colorful new image. The room walls were painted in yellow hue and displayed crooked rows of numerous oil paintings and hand drawings. The ceiling planks were white tinted. The entrance displayed a long undivided window which showed the front lawn of pods of colorful flowers and lush green tinted grass, and a tall oak tree on the side of the house. The entrance door held a single door in the wall corner. The side wall contained a long sofa in white leather underneath numerous semi-crooked rows of paintings. The long wall opposite from the entrance wall contained two square shaped archways that led into the dining room and the kitchen setting with two oversized white tinted chairs and an ottoman and two side tables in white wood. The other side wall contained a white tinted writing desk with a matching wooden chair in the center. In the wall corner, a built-in shelf held numerous items including family pictures.
The writing desk was covered in a plastic clear sheet with bottles of colored oil paints. The human female sat on top of high stool and worked on an individual sheet of white paper, without knowledge of the spying aliens inside her house and at her person.
Inside the conference room, in the outer space starship, Dino male alien studied the interior walls of the human house and the human female, frowning with disgust. "Ugh! She's picking her nose hole."
Arcturian male alien nodded, “The human female species possesses allergies. That is a common genetic mutation among the true humans.”
Guardian angel smiled. “No, my ward does not possess the genetic mutation of allergies. She is sensitive to the sudden air pressure changes, when the air temperature increases with heat and then decreases with coolness. Thus, the normal draining mucus inside her nostrils become slightly clogged and form a set of boggers, which cling to the interior nasal passages. The only method for removal is the gently human fingernail. “
“Thanks for that snotty report!” Grey alien laughed.
“What is she doing, down there?” Bird male alien frowned at the human activity.
The human laughed. “The human female is painting pictures. She must be an artist.”
Arcturian male alien said. “She is happy and humming a sweet song while painting with dark colors of hue on top of a white sheet of paper. But I cannot identify the main subject matter in her current art work. What is that? Is that a horse or a potato?"
Guardian angel nodded and continued to speak into each mind, without moving his lips. "My ward possesses a weak set of talent as a lousy artist. She cannot free-hand draw like her mother. She cannot write poems, like her sister. She cannot add number, like her father. However, she enjoys painting in bright pastels and rich dark oil paints, creating an abstract work of art."
Arcturian male alien frowned. "Is that her primary work job for human money paying her bills?"
Guardian angel told. “No, she is very good hard-working human. She is smart and does an excellent job and likes her job and her work. The other humans are respectful of her work ethics and position also.”
Pleiadean female alien smiled at the painting. "She does a good job painting very large flowers, which are all over the walls inside this room of her human house. The smaller rosebuds on another canvas look like colorful fruit nats or dog fleas or rat turds…”
“I thought we are just observing, not judging, Blue girl." Orion female alien frowned.
Pleiadean female alien smiled at the human female, “I am just observing..."
“…by using your squeaky, mousy voice, which is inside my mind, and giving me headache, Blue girl." Dino male alien laughed.
Joe nodded without moving his lips and entered his thoughts inside each open mind. "Quiet your words! We are observing and learning from the human female. Let her guiding angel tell us the information. You are allowed to ask questions without judgment for each one of us to learn and observe."
Pleiadean female alien said. “Thanks, Jesus!”
Messenger male angel smiled. “That's my cover name!”
“Got it!” Bird male alien laughed.
Guardian angel told. “My ward has been reincarnated numerous times, since her first human model construction in the city of Atlantis. She is a hard worker and makes a good salary of monies for her person, but wastes her money on her only child, a son of an Anunnaki-dominated male human. To make matters worse for the poor human girl, her biological mother tried to murder her own baby daughter numerous times. Her parents owned and lived on a farm with cotton, cows, and corn and horses. One time, they were pleasure riding during the evening hours, before dusk, she rode a calm horse, due to her nervousness around the big mammals. Then the calm, mellow horse suddenly started galloping ahead of pacing herd for no reason. She could not control the big horse and then the saddle started slipping away from her butthole. Her biological father came to the rescue, not her mother.
“Her Anunnaki-dominated biological mother sat on top of another mare and spooked the mellow horse with an ugly flying bird. Then the gelding became startled and started running away towards the open field in fear. My ward was okay but shaken. I leaned over and whispered into her eardrum, that everything was fine. She immediately understood my words and controlled her fear, but she never did not understand how or why or who. So, my ward jumped back on the horse and finished their pleasurable horse walk back home. Her mother softly hissed in defeat.
“Her human bio-shell mother is an Anunnaki female alien. Her human bio-shell grandfather was a really a Pleiadean with a very mellow and gently personality. He protected his granddaughter, until his living soul had left Planet Earth. Then, my ward was on her own. However, she is very protected and very grateful praying for love, guidance, and protection also.
“She discovered her great awakening at the age of nine years old, when she would lie on top of the earth grass and stare into the rolling clouds, walking in the forest, hugging the trees, touching the plants. Mother Gaia watched over her too. The dirt and the water refresh the living soul on each human, but you know that. I talked to her, all the time, and her did not need to understand my words, but only listen to my words. Her mind was open. Her emotions were calm. She was a happy female human, all the time, singing songs, laughing out loud, smiling to everyone, which raised her soul vibration almost into the fifth dimension.
“One night, the guardian angel for her older sister, inside her bedroom, appeared and whispered the purpose of life. Her older sister received tons of smart neurons and was given a special purpose. However, her older sister failed in that goal and graduated college, get married, produced four children, and watched her husband die, and then her human life went to shit. But this is her assigned Soul Contract, in which, she had accepted and must overcome through pain and sufferings. However, that is beside the point here.
"My ward had seen the one of the devil’s demon on the bedroom wall, that night, at the age of nine years old, while the guardian angel was visiting her older sister, really by mistake. She had opened her two eyelashes and started with her two eyeballs in the early morning hours of nighttime, when Satan was annoying the human while the angel was protecting her ward from evil. You know, it is the same old story!
“However, my ward was scared and frightened of the devil, but found her spiritual aids down inside her living soul protecting her mind, guiding her emotions. Well, that angelic event for her older sister had alerted their mother to some weird shit happening inside her house at midnight. her mother got up and searched her home, not seeing the angel, but feeling the innocent loving presence within the air waves. From that day forward, her mother had suspected that something was different with her two daughters. But she had purposefully targeted her younger daughter with vicious malice.
“However, my ward always shared and expressed love and kindness and joy and peace and happiness with every human, alien, god, goddess, and animal. Love is an ally that never fails in the hot and heated battle fight within the spiritual battlefield. My ward heard my words when she was younger than she closed her mind. Well, her Anunnaki mother injected the poisonous earthly possessions of greedy, selfishness and arrogance. My ward still did not act in these evil ways during her youth, but closed up her mind and her heart, mostly from fear. She continued to pray and allowed me to guide her. She would listen but never acted my words, which would have saved her wasted time. She graduated high school and went away to college campus. She thrived in college with people, not grades and eventually graduated with a college degree. Then she met her future husband, another Anunnaki alien, a male. I warned her inside her mind, but she did heed my words.
“Love is deaf, dumb, and blind. She was all of those and leeched onto the handsome, charming Anunnaki-dominated alien male humans. They got married and moved to a grand city. He enjoyed the fast-paced city life. She adopted really well without doubts or regrets enjoying the same things her new husband did. They were a single couple and each one worked a job during the day hours and partied with friends at night.
“The Anunnaki DNA genes within any human desires tons of human cash money and all of the human earthly possessions. And this Anunnaki-dominated young human male was no different from his peer species. Her new husband wanted it all and wanted it now, without patience, sacrifice, and honesty. He was a wheeler-dealer as a human male. He was charmer with both the ladies and the gentlemen, conning the humans, the gods, goddesses, and the other aliens out of their cash money and their used possessions. However, he was relatively successful, not extremely successful. He desired the grand mansion, the fast sport cars, the fast speed boats, the designer clothes, and the lavish vacation trips, in which, he did not receive while creating his angry and dumping his ambitious. She saw that but still believed in marriage until death do you part, whether murder or illness. She loved him and shared in some greedy also with purchasing clothes and shoes but shared her monies with kind small acts of charity for animals. She adopted two street feline cats and treated each one like a prince and a princess, until their individual death day. She fed all of the stray cats in the community and reported abandoned dogs to the local shelter. She did not attend church sensing the evil ways of the church leaders with their greed for money and their passion for more money,” he laughed. “She believes in heaven, God, Christ, Holy Spirits, and me, and is also nice to everyone. Her husband didn't want to attend church and was only to the next person he could con for money or other earthly possessions.”
Bird male alien smiled. "But the church is for the sinner.”
Guardian angel told. “The human with the Anunnaki genes always recognizes each other. Her Anunnaki-dominated biological mother clearly identified with her newly introduced Anunnaki-dominated son-in-law and then they both plotted terrible murder act on my ward. My ward had a one million life insurance policy on her butthole, so to speak, compliments of her devious lawful married husband. He worked with her mother to split the cash money without paying income taxes which is the law.
“One night, my ward was driving back from her ballet class at night. Her son and her husband were staying at their house, of course, a quaint alibi. On her usual roadway back home, she was involved in a multi-car accident that crashed her sports car. I must note here. Her brand new sports car was a convertible model, where the tough cloth-like rooftop rolled down into the trunk and then exposed the human driver to harm and damage and injury.”
Feline female alien gasped in shock. “O no!"
"O yes!” Guardian angel nodded with knowledge. “My war was the lead car of four automobiles slowly moving through the green traffic light, at night, when a long pickup truck stalled in the middle of the roadway, where the nose grill of her car was heading. Well, I did not intervene. Because, I cannot. However, my heavenly supervisors above me did do. A gigantic dump truck was behind the hired pickup truck of silly teenagers, who jumped from the stalled vehicle and then the massive front bumper on the dump truck slammed into the tiny rear bumper on the pickup truck, propelling the pickup trunk from the middle of the roadway. However, her nose grill and the entire engine hood, the windshield and her face went underneath the belly of the dump truck. she ducked down over the passenger seat and rolled onto the floor, saving her bio-shell. The car crashed into the high metal underbelly and stopped the car. Then the second car slammed into the rear bumper on her sport cars, shoving the sports car further underneath the metal belly on the dump truck. Then the other three cars slammed into the second car, creating a mess. My ward safely crawled out through the sideways space in-between the ripped off the driver's chair and the passenger chair, then climbed out from the undamaged and intact rear seat of her smashed convertible, walking upright healthy and shaken from the crash site, which was a miracle. I know. However, she was taken to the emergency room and observed for the nightly hours. She had received a nasty tiny cut on her on her pinky finger while crawling through the glass particles and jagged metal strips getting out of the car, which was another miracle. I know. Well, her Anunnaki-dominated biological mother had provide secret sash of cash monies to her husband, who had paid a gang of rotten teens to stall a stolen pickup truck in the middle of the roadway, where she drove once per week. My ward is a creature of habit. She awakes up at the same time, eats the same foods, leaves the house, at the same time, arrives at work at the same time, attends her ballet class, at the same time. Of course, her husband knew her regular routine and planned for a terrible event on her bio-shell into a death act, but her and his and other angels interfered with that nasty plan. Anyways, the nasty teens were not found. The pickup truck owner was contacted. The dump truck company was sued for thousands of dollars by my ward, which was really her husband's plan. Each automobile driver was sued by my ward, which was really her husband’s plan. No one was harmed and she won all of her legal lawsuit collecting over 500,000 dollars in car accident monies, in which, her husband blew the amount on two new cars, a new speed boat, a new golf cart, a new membership to a new golf course, new furniture, new kitchen appliances, and the other new earthly possessions, until the monies were exhausted. he didn't like saving for a rainy day. She saved some of the money and spend some of the money on her son. Thus, her mother received nothing.
“However, her husband still wanted more and become unhappy with his failed pursue. His failed frustration of success led to his failed frustration of selfie and blamed his pretty wife, who refused to accept more difficult work jobs that would pay more money. She wanted to spend her free time with their biological son, not working a job for money. She reopened her mind again and started listening to me.
“My ward was very happy with her life, her family, her job. She loved the motherly life and protected her son, giving her time, energy, and resources to her son. Her husband was not jealous of her time but her resources going to the child, not to him. So, he found comfort in another Anunnaki-dominated female human, of course.
“The male Anunnaki-dominate and the female Anunnaki-dominate were both bored with their individual marriage and desired fun, passion, adventure, and risk that a promising long-term relationship could never provide or supply or satisfy, which was typical Anunnaki behavior pattern also. Thus, her husband did not actually complete the sexual affair, but it was steamy close that a paid television station would have picked up the series," he chuckled with the other. "Yeah, he started dating his co-worker at work, during the lunch meal, after work, during the dinner meal, arriving late at his home to her. Yeah, I told her about the secret love affair, and she listened to my whispered words, this time. She knew in her heart that something was wrong. She knew in her mind that something needed to be told in truth. She visited one of these fortune tellers.”
Arcturian male alien said. "I do not mean to change the subject here as we continue to observe your ward, Angel. However, what are we going to do about all of these so-called fortune tellers? Each and every fortune teller is an Anunnaki female or male in disguise that is disgusting to my inners and disturbing the natural order of the human thought.”
Joe nodded and spoke into each mind. "Yes, I agree.  We need to address all of these earth-bound fortune tellers. I cannot send down an arm of angels. The Source will not allow it. However, I have been plotting a new plan. We will discuss later. Let us finish with this particular human observation lesson.”
Guardian angel told. “Anyways, my ward contacted a fortune teller, who was a Native American Indian medicine woman.”
"That's me!" Grey alien smiled and slapped his chest.
“No, that wasn’t and isn’t you, Grey!” Bird male alien laughed.
Pleiadean female alien nodded with a smile. “All of the Native American Indian tribesmen and women hailed from the dying star system of Pleiades. They were here with the Atlanteans but did not fight in the first civil war but stayed helping the human race, when the Anunnaki race started tearing up Earth's resources with greed, deceit, selfishness, and etc. etc. and etc. They liked the idea of exploring the galaxy but enjoyed the Free Will on Planet Earth and continued to observe the Draconian lizards and the Anunnaki Elders and Mother Gaia. Right now, Mother Nature has tossed both of her hands into the mixing bowl and is creating massive land earthquakes and great ocean water floods throughout the world, ticking off all of the naughty Anunnaki and frightening the humans."
Dino male alien nodded. “An Anunnaki Elder does not possess a soul. Did you know that, Human?” The human gasped in shock and continued to absurd the information, in silence.
Guardian angel told. “One day, on top the church pew, she sat quietly and listened to the boring human preacher about something. She had always questioned the church and their church ways, sitting on a pew, without helping people. She emptied her mind and opened all of her chakras and went on a projection trip throughout outer space. She left her physical body and her boring church sermon while exploding the planets and the stars. She didn't really comprehend what her should had done with her mind and her human body. But she started questioning her existence and wanted to know why she lived down here on Planet Earth. However, she could not talk with her parents. After that day, she became interested in science, planets, the moon, the sun, the stars. She can hear my angelic voice, when she wants to listen and sometimes act. She understands there are aliens here, but she is too scared to contact one of you. She does extensive research on aliens, 5th Dimension, ascension process, and all that jazz. However, she is too frightened to try it out within her human mind.”
Arcturian male alien nodded. “The human female has not learned that she is responsible for those things. She is the living Soul that is being tested within her Soul Contract.”
Feline female alien said. “Each human is an active volcano, waiting for their eruption of plummeting ashes and sizzling hot lava. Each human needs a catalyst to blow,” she laughed with the other aliens.
Guardian angel nodded. “Well, I can tattle-tail here. All of the heavenly angels are frustrated, annoyed and aggravated. The truth speakers are protected. When you reach for the truth, your conscious is at ease.”
Orion female alien nodded. “As it is in heaven and down on Earth, Mother Gaia is frustrated, annoyed and angry, too. She is not happy running the planet with the race of nasty, greedy, selfish humans. She is ready to rid her place of those pests."
Bird male alien laughed. “I vote Mother Gaia for president of the world.”
Dino male alien cautioned. “Mother Gaia is a tough cowgirl. Mother Gaia is fighting back against the human race. Do you not see or feel all of the violent weather systems? And Gaia has planned more of her natural weapons directly at the smelly, vile pests today and tomorrow and the rest of the eternity, until each human finally is transferred from the planet or living in the 5th Dimension. But that is our secret," he laughed with the others.
Telosian male alien raised his hand and laughed out loud. "I saw a future vision that I would like to share with the group. If I may?" The other aliens nodded in silence. "If the race of humans works with Mother Gaia, then the planet world will become a simple place, again, with farms, farmers, close net communities with social picnics and fun games. No electronics. No violence. No hatred. No Anunnaki Elder race. That is the end of my future mind vision. I find it amusing that active humans must employ the activities of jogging on hard paved roadways or inside an air-conditioned gymnasium, weight lifting man-made objects, eating man-made protein bars, and starve their bio-shell to maintain a healthy weight. If every convenient man-made item was removed or destroyed, then each human was stay slim and trim, without the extra work and wasted energy. However, that is not so, and each human still exists within a very infantile state of mind.”
Bird male alien nodded. “Yes, I concur. Lots of the male humans possesses a sick infantile mind that only thinks about sex, a sexy girl, a sexy child. That's all sick. My stomach churns in bitter bile when I see each human male or female watching that disgusting pornography.”
Grey alien nodded. "I have a question about that hot subject. Why does the law authority appear and then arrest a human for viewing pictures of naked children on the internet screen? The human is not engaging in the nasty act but only watching the pictures or recordings like a television program. Some of the television programs for children and teens coming from the Hollywood television producers are worser than that. These Hollywood produces have not been arrested and place in a jail cell."
Joe nodded. “The silent act leads to violent action. The law authority is proacting and protecting all of the innocent children.”
Grey alien nodded. “Not with a human male that does not engage in porn acts with children. He is a viewer of the computer monitor screen, not a paid actor in the show. The law authority needs to find and capture the producer, the actors, the movie/video recorders that attack those children, not a lonely human man with deep mommy issues.”
Feline female alien nodded. “Yes, I agree with Grey and I like Telosian’s future vision, which will never happen with the race of humans. Right now, and down there on Planet Earth, the emotional damage is extremely high within the mind set of almost every elementary, pre-teen, teen, young, mature, and elderly human. The human allows each false flag and fake facade from every true Anunnaki alien to invade and capture their free mind thoughts. This is the real problem. The Anunnaki elites control the money, the media, the employers, the schools, the grocery stores, and the humans. Each human is drowning in emotional distress and psychological fear, and monetary debt, which is destroying their human body and their human mind, which is the goal of their rulers, the Anunnaki, while we all sit on top of air and do nothing."
“You should talk, Cat girl! You are the more quieter and the most mysterious of the alien races. You do not allow the human to see or smell or taste or touch your alien cat hairs.” Grey alien sneered.
Bird male alien nodded. “The consciousness is strong with a human species. Now, the country of the United States of America rules the world. The other humans and all of the alien races like the freedom of the American people. USA nation is the greatest place to live, to work, to play, and to hostile. Thus, the USA is losing the fight also.”
Orion female alien smiled. “No! The USA is making a big comeback. Wait! Watch! Learn, my alien friends.”
Feline female alien shook her cat mane. “I don’t know, Orion girl. Each human person feels depression, not happiness. The world is a beautiful place with beautiful animals and beautiful natural elements. However, every human spins around then walks away from the beauty and the truth, accepting and living in greed and selfishness. I witness and feel and taste and hear this is the time of indecision and lack of truth!"
Telosian male alien nodded. “Well, we need to show the humans the truth. How do we do that?” Silence bombarded the air waves. He said with a nod. “Okay! It is the time of indecision and lack of truth!" He laughed with the others.
Dino male alien nodded. “The primary theme: the truth. Let us unity. The truth is first, before we can come together in unity and progress. Or something like that!” He laughed with the others.
The human frowned. “What are you talking about? I don’t understand.  What truth is coming? What truth is needed here?”
Arcturian male alien turned and nodded to the human. “Did you know understand the connection with the human female, Human?”
“Uh! I saw you spying on the human down on the planet. Do you do that offer? Is that allowed?” The human frowned.
Pleiadean female alien nodded. “Well, I do not need a future vision here. Mother Gaia fights with strength and force but she needs assistance here. And her animal world and the human race is doomed within ten years, unless another entity inferences for good, not evil.”
Bird male alien nodded. “What will happen to Planet Earth, once the race of greedy, selfish human race is done and gone?"
Orion female alien nodded. “The extremophiles will take over the planet and then rule the world. An extremophile is a single-celled creature that lived in boiling heat vented water or below freezing temperatures down on the ocean floor of Planet Earth. The front end on an extremophile is 200 degrees warmer than its butthole.”
Grey alien laughed. “Does an extremophile have a butthole?”
Bird male alien sneered. “Shh, Grey!”
Grey alien smiled. “The human and animal life forms on Planet Earth exist in water and on land. Period! Some of us come from a giant gas planet and trap our food nutrients from the air particles that swirl around our bodies. Now, that’s a civilized way to live."
Feline female alien told. “A human will fear each one of us, if one or more humans see us, purposefully or accidentally. A human believes their mind is beautiful, friendly because each one is so wise and knowledgeable and peaceful.”
Grey alien frowned. "Who told you that lie, Cat girl?"
“It is not a lie." She smiled.
“It is not the truth." He frowned.
Orion female alien smiled. "Our human model with the living Soul is of that and more. It is the visitors on Planet Earth that is causing all of the problems for the human race. Who is the problem? The Anunnaki.”
Telosian male alien nodded. “I agree with all of the statements. We must do something at or with or against the Anunnaki greedy and selfish visitors that are harassing the humans. This is our responsibility. This is the reason that each one of us is here to protect and enhance each human."
Feline female alien shook her cat mane. “Well, you plan is not working. Nothing seems to be working for the human race. Some of the humans are trying to exit the third dimension and appear inside the fifth dimension but it is truly only a handful of humans.”
Birdman shook his smooth fuzzy bond skull. "I disagree. There are thousands of humans that access the 5th Dimension.”
Dino male alien nodded. "I disagree. There are thousands of fake humans that access the 5th Dimension, Birdman."
Birdman frowned. “I really do not care for that human name.”
“Bird man.”
“Bird man.”
“Bird man.”
“Bird man.”
“Bird man.”
“Bird man.”
“Bird man.”
“Bird man.”
Bird man alien frowned. “O my stars! Each one of us has been living down on Planet Earth while aiding the race of humans. We are acting just like the human down on their home world."
"Is the word, bird man, one or two separate words?" Grey alien laughed.
He sneered. "Shut it, Grey!"
Arcturian male alien nodded. “Maybe, we can approach the human race with another idea. Every musician possesses Pleiadean alien genes. Every medical physician and dentist possess Gray alien genes. In summary, every human is really an alien. We should start the gossip and tell the first human that new information. Then, we’ll get a positive response regarding the upcoming alien invasion.”
Telosian male alien laughed. “That’s so funny, Artie! The humans do not believe and reject the idea of an alien life form or an alien encounter within their mind, their work environment, their grocery store, and all of their other social hot and cold spots, within their own community. If each human glazed into the reflection mirror, every human will see an alien,” he laughed with the others.
The human nodded with laughter. “I got it! I get it! I am an alien like all of you sitting here on air waves inside an outer space starship.”
“What should we do to present our alien presence to the human race, Human?” Orion female alien turned and nodded to the human.
He frowned and wiggled his body. “Well, I don’t really know. Some humans will believe. Some humans will shoot their guns. The other humans will faint or fight or fly away into a cave,” he laughed with the others.
Grey alien lifted both glowing arms in the air. “Wait! Hold up! Planet Earth is a free zone. The planet has Free Will like her true natives. And that Free Will from Mother Nature. Where is Mother Nature during this crisis? What is her opinion?”
Dino male alien frowned at the Grey. “I just told you a few minutes ago.”
Time does not exist in outer space, Dino man!” Grey alien laughed.
He frowned. “Mother Gaia is implementing a hurricane on the coast of US State of Florida for the next several months which will mess up some of the humans and some of the cities.”
Bird male alien nodded. “Now, that is a swift start. Then we all go down there and toss the entire race of non-friendly humans up from the earth dirt and into the stratosphere. Each heated alien body can stick onto each metal belly on every outer space alien starship and then fly away upside down getting away from the humans, Planet Earth and me, if needed," he laughed with the others.
Joe frowned. “I wish I could do that. But I cannot.”
“I do believe the race of humans need to learn of their illegal outer space aliens," Feline female alien laughed with the others.
Telosian male alien nodded. “Okay! What is the new brilliant idea to enrich and enhance the human race? I am listening.”
Joe frowned. “I do not know.”
Grey alien pointed at the Messenger angel. “You are our leader up here and their leader down there on Earth, Joe. You had been selected to converse with the humans."
Joe nodded with a sad face. "I had. I did. I could not convince one single human with their true destination. I have performed my bag of cool magic tricks, raising the dead ..."
"Who was that body that you really raised?" Bird male alien laughed.
"It was me!" Grey alien slapped his chest and laughed out loud.
“I provided a personal instruction manual with all of the information for a human to ascend into the heavens and then beyond, if they only would read the personal instruction manual," Joe flipped his hand in the air and dropped the limb back down to his side, wiggling his pale blue outlined body.
Orion female alien nodded. “Do not look for comfort, Humans! Ask for our guidance, Humans! We are all here, Humans! We are all seen now, Humans! Life is more than your five senses, Humans. You are awakening with your human senses and increasing your vibrations, Humans.”
The human frowned at the alien. “Who are you talking to or with, alien person? What subject are you talking about? I’m lost in this conversation, again and again and again and again…”
She smiled. “I was shouting out loud for all of the humans to hear.”
“All of the human resides on Planet Earth, not in space, unlike this loser that flies through space with ease and out of control. Your messenger was not received, Orion girl.” Grey alien laughed.
Arcturian male alien nodded. "Each human must tune into their vibrations. Water is a healing power and heals the human body. Maybe, we can start to drown some of the humans.”
“I like that idea.” Dino male alien laughed.
Pleiadean female alien nodded. “This current solar year as measured by the human race will spread solar and metaphysical energy through all for the numerous full moon phases and moon eclipses to each human life form. Before, the human energy was a tiny dot. Now, the human will start to remember their beginnings of the Atlantean timeline and surrender to the past, stretching their energy in vivid colors and patterns of lights. Energy moves and shifts. It is natural force for an ascension process to the stars and beyond. The human must heal the mind and find their inner self. Then the higher self will explode and explore the energies and see beyond the hard matter of trees, animals, houses, cars, and computers.”
Pleiadean female alien turned and nodded to the human. “A human can create their own matter, like the Pleiadean race. We are not physical beings. We are only matter that moves through space and time, traveling around the galaxy, for fun and for aid. A human can do this too by creating the perceptions of matter. So, go and get lost and then become free! Free! Free! Free! That word, free, has a much deeper meaning than the one assigned by the nasty Anunnaki Elders. Right now, a human possesses a set of metaphysician or invisible ropes around their body which tied the human to this and that and him and her, so the human must unhook your body and you mind and become free. Free. Free. Fly free like an Earth bird.”
Feline female alien nodded. “I feel sad, when I see an Earth animal behind a cage of iron bars, such like, a song bird or a canine dog or a feline cat.”
“Those are not positive energy waves, Cat girl!” Grey alien laughed with the others.
Pleiadean female alien continued. “The human must visual your energy out of the bird or dog or cat cage! Do not narrow your vision or your vibration and use the guides...”
“The gods...” Grey alien laughed alone.
Orion female alien nodded. “A human must contact and connect and use their Spirit guide and work on your mind and your Soul. A human must trust their person.”
“I hate to interrupt the beautiful words here,” Bird male alien smiled. “By the way, space travel adventures are coming from the aliens for the humans. Of course, some of the humans will disagree with posed arguments. However, a human can resist the alien. A human can see us. A human can feel us.”
Dino male alien nodded. “And I hate to be the theater of hateful words here. Right now, down there, there is a set of intense human angry running high in both flames and fireballs around the world, coming from all of the alien masters and human-dominated Anunnaki genes. A human must maintain gentleness and peace over hate and angry. A human must release the hate and angry making a noise and then release all of the past hate for their fellow man-kind and woman-kind. When the hate is gone, your body is ready for the next step, ascension. Feel the…”
“…the force…” the human laughed. “I saw that cute Hollywood movie film. I really liked the idea of an external force around my body where I can…”
“…feel it and then let it go! Learn calmness!” Orion female alien told. “Stay with calmness within the mind and the soul! Nature is quiet and calm. The trees talk to each other and the flowers whisper in happiness too. Express with quietness within the mind and the body and the soul!”
Bird male alien nodded. “However, there is a set of terrible turbulence of bad words, actions, and thoughts coming inside and outside human bodies, which needs to become corralled into somewhere. How do we handle those particular humans?”
Dino male alien laughed. “How will the entire species of humans, aliens, animals, insects, and fowl handle the set of new weather patterns on Planet Earth? The climate change is coming. Well, it is here and drooling over the front steps of the front door. Do not run! Do not worry! The weather climate has been changing, since the beginning of time. However, Mother Nature must be respected. Mother Nature will get her respect, else she gets mad and literally rains down on each human, alien, and animal with her vicious wrath. And you thought the Prime Creator held his wrath in-check!” He laughed with the others.
Orion female alien continued. "Be grateful for your body, your beating heart, and your living Soul that you possess foreverly. Become a solid beam with brightness and lightness and goodness. The Spirit guide will guide the human into light of joy, laughter of delight.”
Arcturian male alien nodded. “the alien has done it correctly. Thus, the human has the ability to perform the same adventure, stretching the living Soul off the 3rd Dimension of Planet Earth and travel into other higher dimensions with ease. Some of the outer space aliens cannot perform that feat and use travel inside an outer space starship.”
“Why do you insist upon calling out the phases, an outer space alien that rides in an outer space starship, Artie?” Telosian male alien frowned.
He pointed a glowing arm at the human and nodded. “I am clarifying to the human soul, who has accidentally joined our outer space meeting, in outer space molecules and is still very confused and lost. Do you understand, Human?”
“No!” the human frowned with confusion and puzzlement.
Grey alien pointed up at the ceiling of solid glass. “Human, inside this dome on my starship, we all can view the components of outer space, seeing numerous bright stars, star clusters, and colorful planets within this galaxy. However, the super awesome god-like powers within the human species can travel into space and visit the stars and planets throughout the universe without a starship, unlike a science fiction movie,” he laughed with the others.
The human gasped in shock. “How! How can a human, like me, do that and travel without a machine?”
Orion female alien nodded. “I have been tattling the secrets to you, Human, throughout this conversation. However, you need to patient attention and listen. You must find your higher self.”
Bird male alien exhaled with annoyance. “Orion girl is correct. But she has left out a major part of finding your higher self, before sailing off the planet from the 3rd Dimension and flying around a higher dimension, for fun or for naught, for purpose or for whatever. The living Soul is birthed always alone and lonely, without a biological connection to a mom or a dad or a big sister or little brother or doggie or kitty, because we are all sisters and brothers from the stars. Thus, a human must not relate to their loved ones down there on Planet Earth.”
“What! Why would I do that? What purpose does that serve?” The human frowned. “I do not understand your funny words or funnier phases, but that one hits me like a rock.”
Dino male alien nodded. “The human must stay grounded and be careful who you mix with while living on Planet Earth.  The human could be socializing with angels or fairies or lizards. The living Soul is affected and influenced by all of human loved or hated ones. This is part of the Soul contract terms and agreements, which is the test or challenge for the human flesh. However, once the human finds their selfie,” he laughed with the others. “The human will start to drift away from the 3rd Dimension things, such like entertainment, food, relationships with family members and other humans, because in a higher frequent, the human needs more outer space. Use and abuse the pun! The human will feel abandoned and not belong here on Planet Earth, because the human body contains all types of alien DNA strands. In the beginning, the human model was created by the Atlanteans and then other aliens started the civil war. The human was mind-wiped of their true self and their god-like abilities. Once the human flesh ceased on their home world, the living Soul ascended onto the heavenly plane for judgement by the Prime Creator. The living Soul is sent back down to Earth and their Soul memories are wiped clean, in order to teach or entertain or heal. Each Soul contract is different for every human and every visiting alien, who must come down to Earth with their Soul contract terms also. However, if the human feels hateful about living here on Earth, then the living Soul had passed before the death time of accomplishment. So, the human does not wanna live here on Earth. Either way, the human is a living Soul that is commanded to come back by the Prime Creator, until the End of Times. Thus, a human living here must learn a set of new spiritual lessons such like, embrace Mother Earth and all of her element, reconnect to your past life, find your purpose…”
“Avoid who you are!” Telosian alien laughed. “Hold your Soul down into the 3rd Dimension! Produce negative energy waves…”
“What are you doing, Telosian?” Dino male alien frowned.
Telosian male alien nodded. “Uh! I don’t wanna be a party pooper here.”
“You have been!” Arcturian male alien nodded. 
He continued. “I am making a new point to the only human present and all of the aliens. Down there, on the planet, the elite dark shadows like to take down people and world country governments without knowledge from the human. All of these non-humans are dangerous to the humans and the animals and Mother Gaia and us.”
Dino male alien. "Well, that’s another good point of view that has not been addressed within our meeting. So, we are sitting here in the air waves need to do something."
Orion female alien nodded. “I agree. What are we going to do? The Prime Creator did the ultimate task by flooding the planet with nasty billions and billions of gallons of ugly water, which did not wipe out the Draconians lizards or the Anunnaki Elder race. Blackmail process does not work among the elite wealth aliens and humans. Think of something else!”
“I’m thinking!” Gray alien laughed.
Joe nodded. “The living Soul is there to experiment joy and peace and harmony. However, the army of evil Anunnaki Rothchild shadows oversee each royal family and blackmail all of the innocent humans and then cover up all of the ugly stuff, without the knowledge of the human races. These dark-minded nasty alien races are the seedy and dangerous dark side on the planet. The elite people, including all of the billionaires, became rich and then mysterious died, leaving each bio-shell and Planet Earth. What do you think happened to computer Apple inventor and billionaire Jobs?”
The human nodded. “Hey! I know that man.”
Telosian male alien nodded. “He was not a man. He was one of the billionairess that possessed lots of Draconian lizard genes. He came back from his starship already as a reincarnated human and is living…”
“Don’t gossip about them!” Orion female alien frowned.
Dino male alien nodded. “Also, the army of lizard clones in human format are interfering with the humans also and the Prime Creator does not like that. The group of criminal members, pedophile persons surround the elite people like a gate of human muscles. Makes me vomit, if my species regurgitated its food back up the esophagus!” he laughed with the others.
Feline female alien nodded.  “Well, I can say that the mega wealthy Draconian lizards and Anunnaki Elders are quiet and safe and secure and secretive while living and hiding down on Planet Earth. Certain mega rich families have so powerful control in the areas of government, politics, and the police law, that would blow the human mind into insanity. The factual evidence is hard to capture, hold and then expose, including all of the friendly and non-friendly aliens, depending on the government level. Certain levels of powers have no worries with billions of money and control both the planet and human storyline.”
Orion female alien nodded. “Truth is the perceptive here. Truth is not attractive, but important. The gang of super elites cannot greet or meet the truth and do not own a Soul. But the elites have power over all of the humans. Else, the human will quietly disappear from the radar screen without the powerful elite lizard or Elder alien. And there are humans, who cannot be brought with goods and girls. So far, Earth scientists are the ones that are making discoveries about improving the human health and then group of and then they disappear. There really is a cure for human body cancer cells, but all of the shadow hospitals hide the medical secrets. Thus, the entire human race needs to become awaken, and we need to help them awaken into the true reality of Planet Earth. So, how do we do that? Someone, come up with a brilliant plan…
“…or a lousy plan…" Grey alien laughed.
Bird male alien nodded. “Well, let there be war, instead of peace. A war is both manufactured and fake, complements of the super gang of elites. Wake up, humans!" He looked down and yelled at the metal floor, hoping to reach one or two pairs of eardrums on some of the humans.
Feline female alien nodded. “The humans do not wanna see or know that their home world is in deep, deep trouble. So, we need to assist Mother Nature here, not the human race. Do you agree with me?”
Dino male alien nodded. “The human likes to play the game and desires to go to the next level and does not achieve it. Thus, the human needs to become calm and quiet while seeking out their higher self. Right now, the truth is hiding underneath the Persian carpet."
Grey alien gasped in shock. “Hey! I had led one of my many past lives in the country of Persia, on Earth. Don't insult my timeline!" He laughed with the others.
Telosian male alien nodded. “The truth of mental confession is at hand for the human. Each human needs to remove the blockage and discover their crazy, higher self and then each human can connect to their past live versions that once existed here on Planet Earth. Do you know that each murderous human Serial Killer can connect to 12th dimension?"
Pleiadean female alien stated. “A murderous serial killer is not human, some form of Draconian lizard or Anunnaki Elder species disguised in human format that has reincarnated down here on Planet Earth. Why is that so? I don’t know and don’t wanna know.”
Grey alien frowned. “Planet Earth is a mess here and now.”
Arcturian male alien shook his glowing skull. “The planet environment is fine and dandy. Mother Earth has it all covered. The issue is the human consciousness. The ancient and dense realities of past lives are part of every human point of view. A dark event provides a turning point. View the darkness, then release the darkness. This is the healing action that is needed and represents the key for each human. Human, follow your human heart and give all of your personal stuff away for free, including human words, possessions, monies, foods to other humans and other visiting aliens. This is the reason for the human model was built here. Then the ascension process will naturally occur.”
Feline female alien shook her cat-like mane. “So far, the ascension process has affected and involved only a handful of humans from the seven billion individuals on Planet Earth. The entire human race needs to make a change for betterment."
Dino male alien laughed. “O! Do we know why? I do know. Deep State!"
Bird male alien laughed. “Don't cuss out loud!"
Gray alien laughed. “Some of the humans are wakening and listening and desire to bring in a new light and new age of thoughts. Time is here!"
Pleiadean female alien frowned. “But…but...but the entire human race is behind the times."
“Time and times are not measured here in the higher dimensions. I thought you learned that, Cat girl.” Grey alien laughed.
Orion female alien shook her blob of glowing skull. “Do not judge other humans or aliens or creatures!”
Arcturian male alien nodded. “Planet Earth is healing. The visiting aliens are still hidden from each human eyeball. Some of the humans are warming up to the species of visiting aliens living down there on Planet Earth. The other humans are absolutely clueless, within mind, body, and soul. The other humans are in the middle of an empty roadway and do not know which sideline to walk towards for the discover or to run towards for fright. However, the human must crack open your true reality, not live in the illusional dream.”
Dino male alien laughed and shook his skull outline in pale blue colors. “A majority of the true humans would freak out of body, if they ever saw a real alien. Each one would become spooked and then scared. So, what do we do for these race of scary-kitty cat humans? We do need to get their attention down there on Planet Earth!"
Bird male alien nodded. “Duh!"
Telosian male alien laughed. “Maybe, a Grey Zeta alien can drop down inside their bedroom floor.”
“No.” Grey alien turned and sneered at the outline of the Telosian alien.
“…down into the human bathroom…”
“No.”
“…down at the dining room family table for the dinner meal,” he laughed with the other aliens but Grey.
“No.” Grey alien frowned.
Orion female alien stated. “The higher dimension comes out of the human’s energy field, like a lifting man-made elevator carriage zooming up towards the penthouse floor, on a tallest skyscraper, within the city of New York. However, all of the higher dimension levels within the human energy field will happen gradually over human time, when each human is ready for the ascension. We or the human do not need to rush the eventually event.” 
Feline female alien nodded. “Alien energy is like a ghost to each human.”
“Hey! I’m here, too." The voice spoke out loud and as a head of a white hue appeared up from the metal floor.
Each face of an alien looked down at the metal floor. Grey alien sneered at the new entity, waving one arm in the air. “Scat, cat! Go and get your ghostly hide back down on Planet Earth. Get off my starship, right now!”
“Hi, Ghost!” Dino male alien frowned. “What are you doing up here, my new ghostly friend?”
He-ghost floated up from the metal floor, drifting through the air waves, hitting the metal ceiling and spoke to each alien. “I’m passing through going into the light for home.”
“May peace be with you, ghost!” Joe nodded to the ghost.
“Thanks, Joe!” The ghost shouted out loud and then its ghostly body disappeared through the metal ceiling into a glowing dot of energy, moving upwards through outer space. The human turned and smiled while waiting the energy ball disappear into the dark and cold outer space waves.
Bird male alien exhaled with annoyance. “Well, the human consciousness is taking its sweet tea time finding its ascension while lots of alien energy balls are falling down from outer space, coming towards the lighted beacon of Earth, pulling in additional good-goody and baddie-bad alien races." 
Grey alien stated. "That’s old the same old stuff!"
Orion female alien shook her glowing skull. "Old stuff is not cool! Old stuff represents the past of ages."
Telosian male alien nodded. “O! I, now, understand. I always wondered why a human spent all of their human monies on old stuff such like, ancient paintings, ancient statues, ancient art works that were buried in the ancient hot desert sands coming from all of the ancient civilizations, which were attacked and conquered by the Anunnaki Elder aliens.”
“Hey there! I'm close to 12 million years old!" Dino male alien laughed with the other glowing pale blue tinted outlines. "Do I count as an ancient artifact?" He chuckled again with the others.
Feline female alien nodded. “Why does a human crave the need to uncover the historical past events on Planet Earth? The past history is dead and gone. The present day is the here and the now. Can some alien please address that question for me?”'
“I have a better question.” Telosian male alien lifted his arm for fun and then spoke into each alien mind, dropping down his arm. “Who was the smart alien that thought of showing the human race how to write on dried clay mud?"
Grey alien slapped his chest and laughed out loud. “I did! That was me!"
“To find their karma! That’s an old joke among the ancient aliens. How are you again, Teller!” Arcturian male alien laughed with the others.
Pleiadean female alien smiled. “3500 B.C. Why is that date important for the aliens?”
Bird male alien nodded. “3,500 B.C., the year saw the invention of the first writing table, which occurred in the country of present-day Iran. The naturally winding river bend of wet mud was perfect tools, forming a useful writing tablet from wet clay mud and numerous plant reeds with a sharp tail forming a pointy style for cutting out numerous geometric marks for words of communication with other people.”
Orion female alien nodded. “The human is part of the planet. The planet is part of the human. Thus, the human and the planet are one big unhappy family right now.”
“Well, all of this alien drama is affecting the human health, not for goodness sake either. Every though, there is an alien presence that exist every day in a human’s life. The humans don’t know it. The alien energy glows in the air wave, but the human does not see it. What does the human wanna know about aliens, the universe, their Soul? Nothing! What does the human need to know about the aliens, the universe, their Soul? Everything! So, how does the human complete and accomplish that take?” Arcturian male alien nodded.
Telosian male alien nodded. “Well, the US Federal Government has a secret space program that does view and record all UFO sightings throughout the world.”
Grey male alien crossed both long skinny arms and frowned at Telosian male alien. “Do not call me that nasty name, again, Teller!"
Dino male alien nodded. “The human is fearful of the working economy and their earned monies and their complex life style, instead of their internal sweet life form. The human must change for betterment and enrichment.”
Joe nodded. “Well, the human race cannot change as long as each human listens and views only the popular social media tools, such like, internet world, newspapers, magazines, musical songs, which are all controlled by the ancient and vile Anunnaki Elder aliens. Anunnaki Elder aliens also manipulate the money markets throughout the world also, creating panic in each human, which in turns creates tons of negative energy waves. Each negative energy waves drifts off the planet and slams into each alien mind and each planet throughout the galaxy. Thus, more aliens race away their planet and come here to Planet Earth, creating more chaos and destruction for all of us including the planet, the humans, and the good aliens.”
Feline female alien nodded. “Downloading all of the alien DNA within the human body is fun and not fun. A human is a complex and complicated and combined alien that holds all of their hidden and undiscovered alien DNA strands. All of the aliens can help the human race. If the human stops with the crazy, insane mental thoughts, which are fantasy and complicated. The human is bored with their human life but is capable of producing excitement, if the human activates the healing powers and then exploring their inner soul and then ascension into the higher dimension. Why do you think the human become sick or sickly? That is an Anunnaki Elder race illusion that enters and then control the human mind. You are not sick, Human. You are a healthy life form. Activate all of your past lives, see the past, and then release it, creating your higher self, then exploring outer space."
Bird male alien nodded. “The human must see all of their past lives and then heal your mind. This process involves only your selfie. You view and learn about your past lives, seeing that a human is nice or bad or mean or rude. The human must learn about self and open up the mind. But do not become jealous of other humans or other aliens. The human is here to hear the messages and then let it flow."
"Right now, each human is an idiot.” Grey alien frowned.
Orion female alien nodded. “Right now, Planet Earth is unbalanced. The goal of each human is to balance out their selfish selfie and then balance out the planet, connecting beyond the physical touch and the metal thinking. Else, Mother Gaia will flame boil all of the humans, who can’t travel by starship off her world. Each human must learn to connect to their home world, which is part of the healing of their Soul and the awakening of their alien genes.”
Telosian male alien raised his glowing arm and nodded his glowing skull, dropping down his arm, wiggling within his pale blue tinted outline. “I have something nice to share with the group. All of this new secretively outer space force stuff program down here on Earth is part of the great awakening concept for each human. I should know as I am aiding the smarter humans with all of that space stuff also. To the stars and beyond….” he chuckled with the other aliens.
The human gasped in shock. “Really! Are humans really flying off the planet and into outer space?” The alien nodded in silence back to the human.
“Do not take your human life, so seriously. Live a carefree human life. Focus on yourself and send healing energy to the Amazon forestlands, balancing the world.” Feline female alien nodded. “However, I see and learn, also. There are some humans that like the paranoids and enjoy it while keeping the vile circle of depression and unhappiness going strong. The human life is not exciting in the higher dimensions which is meant for learning as each human experiment drama in the 3rd Dimension. Each human must heal their anger emotions towards each other human, animal, and alien. Each human must activate the God Consciousness ability to love and heal their body from disease, their mind from greed, and the planet from destruction. However, most of the humans did not believe and are scared of executing a massive healing power on each sick human and animal, which is one of their numerous god-like powers. The Orion aliens brought some of the animals here. Each animal life form wanted to come and experiment a new planet. However, the race of Anunnaki decided to capture, kill and eat each animal However, each animal does reincarnate back into an animal living a new life time. Here, the human is connected to both the planets and animals on Planet Earth, only if they would acknowledge that understanding. A live animal provides a set of positive energy waves that heal the planet and the humans. However, eating dead and cooked animal meat is the lowest vibration for a human, keeping the human as a slave of their Anunnaki rulers for the rest of their lives.”
Arcturian male alien nodded. “Humans do not comprehend that Planet Earth is a beautiful, challenging, and unique place within the galaxy, where all of the other outer space worlds do not exhibit. Planet Earth gives off positive energy waves that heals the animals, the humans, the aliens, and the entire universe. This is the purpose of Planet Earth. However, a negative energy wave flies faster through the atmosphere affecting all of the life form on Earth and throughout the galaxy. This is not the purpose of Planet Earth. The race of Draconian Reptilians continues to welcome each low-level vibration down here on Planet Earth which brings here every vicious alien or each loving alien, where all human and alien incarnations face the enslavement trap. Each alien and human become a slave disconnecting from their positive energy, obeying the commands coming from the evil agencies, such like, the Deep State, the Illuminate, the Shadow Government, and the USA CIA, that run the lives of the natives and the ruin the natural resources of the planet. The Deep State rulers, who comprise evil humans with lizard genes and some of the true Draconian lizards, like to rattle the saber and tattle to the entire human race that aliens do not exist. The human race is the only species in the galaxy. The human DNA is unique. Even though, each one of the members of the Deep State organization knows that the human DNA is comprised of their and other alien genes. This the fake learning that must be un-learned. Each human DNA strands contains feline, canine, reptile, bird and all of the other alien genes.”
Grey alien clapped with delight and pointed at the Feline female alien. “Right now, I wanna see a Feline and Reptilian fight battle down on Planet Earth. Then, all of the human will take notice and do something.”
Orion female alien nodded. “A human must work to make it work and activate each one of their alien genes. Then the human will lead of their true brothers and sisters. What planet their genes came from and their alien family. The human model is different from any exiting alien life form within the galaxy. I am very excited to see the human model come to life and express their god-like powers, if the human could ever figure out who you are and heal their mind. The human must release all of the blockages of hate, anger, power, greed, vanity and accept the troubled past of each ancient timeline inside your soul and open up your mind and your body, before the human can ascend to the next level.”
Pleiadean female alien nodded. “We all know that, but the human race doesn’t know that.”
Joe nodded. “If the human would contact their angel spirit guide, then the human would heal their alien DNA, viewing more of the true world and outer space around each one.’
Orion female alien nodded. “I don’t know, but I can guess. The human awakening is hard. Then, the great awakening will begin and end all of the internal Earth battles with each alien race and each human race wars. Currently, right now, down on Earth, there is a soft disclosure of alien power and alien presence, which is only a whisper in the wind. That needs to change which will create a massive tidal wave of invisible positive thoughts, creating massive invisible positive energy streams, producing tons of positive human thoughts. That is our goal here within this meeting. We have met within too many meetings, too many times. Action is needed, not words of thoughts!"
“Orion girl is feisty today.” Grey alien laughed.
The human stood upright with a nod and waved both of his glowing arms in the air. “I got it! The Atlanteans were a combination of numerous alien races. Numerous alien races came here and landed down on Planet Earth, creating the human model with embedded numerous alien DNA genes, which created me.”
Pleiadean female alien giggled. “Actually, you are sorta correct, Human. The first human model built in the factory laboratory, within the city of Atlantis, was the cave man and women, who are named with the funny words, suck like, Homo ererctus, Homo ergaster, and all of the other homo names which created the human name, Neanderthals. They were the first human model and failed the alien tests,” he laughed with the other aliens. “Each failed experiment finally led to the creation of Homo sapiens or humans or you,” he chuckled with the other aliens.
The human sat down in the pretend chair and slapped both of his glowing hands into his glowing bone skull, shaking his head with confusion. I’m so confused and befuddled.”
No now!” Dino male alien stood upright and wiggled his extremely tall and wide glowing outline, laughing out loud. “The first thinking life forms were the Dinosaur race, which was created by the Anunnaki Elder aliens. We lived, thrived and then died here on Planet Earth, first and foremost. Then, both humans and dinosaurs lived in bloody war, when the human decided to kill and then eat our bodies and wear our hides.” He sat back down.
The human continued to shake his glowing skull in confusion. “I am so confused.”
Bird male alien laughed. “Then my species brought the chicken alien seeds, who is my long distance cousin, down here to Planet Earth. However, the humans decided to battle with the chicken aliens and won that bloody mess of bones and skin. Do you eat chicken meat, Human?” He growled at the human.
Feline female alien nodded. “Don’t listen to Bird man! Each alien life form, including the chickens, came here to experiment a different timeline enriching their Soul purpose too. A human model possesses energy that is easily balanced with Planet Earth. Mother Gaia demanded a new species living on her world, so she was granted that request of humans and non-humans, which should have balanced the planet, but created chaos instead. However, the newly built human model which comes from all of the different alien genes expresses individuality which creates different good or bad energy waves. The entire universe is energy, not matter. Matter can become hard and then break in half, like a tree branch, like a human bone. The human model easily adapts to a different environment, whether it is physical or metaphysical also. I am a Feline species. All of my Feline sisters and brothers look and act like me, which is quiet and mysterious. All of the Pig-like aliens look and act the same. All of the Bird-like aliens look and act the same. All of the Dinosaur aliens look and act the same. Do you get the repeating boring genetic pattern, Human? The human model was built with expression and complexities that the other alien species lack. Each human model enjoys challenging the planet, each alien, and each human for fun, for competition, for greed, for vanity, for selfishness, which is the fleshy part of the human body, not the living Soul. Your living Soul knows this, not your human mind. However, the human has been warned about the flesh versus the soul in the Holy bible, a personal instruction manual for the Soul to emerge through the wet and dirty fleshy parts. Use and abuse the pun!” She laughed with the other aliens. She frowned. “However, as the human grows or tumbles, releasing tons of energy waves, the other alien worlds are awakening to the newbie energy balls, feeling the fun or lousy times from each human, who lives only here on Planet Earth. Thus, all of the aliens wanna come here and party too.”
Orion female alien nodded. “When the alien come in clans or individual, the alien is more powerful than the simple human mind and learn to control each human, creating a society of slaves. This is the current status of each human, a slave on their own home world. So, the good aliens are here to educate each human of their past life as an Atlantean god or goddess.”
The human looked up and gasped in shock. “All right! Okay. I am slowly learning. I am here and presence in a higher dimension, without a physical body. I can dig that cool concept. So, I am to help heal the earth environment.”
“Yes!” Bird man alien nodded.
“No!” Arcturian male alien shook his glowing skull.
“What!” The human shouted in awe.
Pleiadean female alien nodded. “Focusing on the earth environment is avoiding one’s self, the higher self of the human, messing with your grand purpose of the ascension process. This is a plot or ploy coming from the vile gang of human enslavers, the Anunnaki Elder ruler aliens. And that ploy is working in overtime on the human race. Majority of the humans are fighting using words and colorful poster signs and human monies for Mother Gaia. I got some bad news, ya’ll! Mother Gaia does not want or need or desire any type of help coming from the human or alien races in regard to her personal property.  As a matter of fact, each human along with the annoying alien is being tested with her ways or her wrath, in terms of massive weather patterns throughout the world, including but, not limited to earth quakes, ocean water hurricanes, land tornados, water floods, snow blizzards, beautiful deadly lighting strikes and the rest of her natural arsenal at her disposal, when the human race pisses her off. Be warned, Human! Great weather pattern changes are coming to Planet Earth by Mother Gaia, which is an evolution of the planet. Nothing stays the same here on Planet Earth, which is a good or sorry life for the human race.”
“That’s harsh!” The human frowned.
“That’s life!” Grey alien laughed with the other aliens.
Orion female alien nodded. “This is the reason for leaving Mother Nature alone and lonely. She knows what to do and she does it very well. As a human, you stay out of the way and focus on your internal mind, find your higher self, heal your past lives and then become your higher self while enjoying your new alien life, exploring the galaxy.”
“You kept saying that statement. But I still do not understand.” The human frowned.
Joe nodded to each face. “I do believe that I have a solution that will benefit human race and aid us with our prime goal. The planet and the humans are supposed to become one big, happy family, isn’t that correct?” He nodded for each alien and then continued. “My new idea will force the human providing love, seeking the higher consciousness, and whispering with selfless prayer to the prime Creator. A group of liked-minded humans can create a new world that exhibits love, peace, harmony and balance. The human is here, without their knowledge, to learn lessons, which do not include hate, angry, bickering, blaming each other, but love and honor each human and each animal and some of the nicer aliens.” He chuckled with the other aliens.
“Good point, Joe!” Grey alien laughed.
Bird male alien nodded. “Yes. Yes. Yes. Right now, down on the planet, the human race exhibits narcissism and mean-spirited acts and words. However, Mother Gaia also has a plan here, Joe, dealing with the human and the alien races, creating massive earthquakes, hurricanes, floods and the such like weather patterns, staring within days over all the world. Does your new idea interfere with Mother Earth?”
Joe smiled. “No! My idea will compliment Mother Gaia. I will seek her decision, before I implement my new plan first.”
Dino male alien nodded. “What is your brilliant idea, Joe?”
He nodded. “My new idea will have the humans and their human family clan members worried while seeking out a new survival pathway.”
Orion female alien lifted both of her thick arms in the air. “Wait a moment here! I do understand but I do not agree. The entire human race, except for a handful of humans, are harming the planet with all of their negative ways, including vile emotions and nasty energies. In which, earth nature is reacting to the negative vibes, creating all of these nasty weather patterns, not a man-made machine that is hitting and affecting every man, woman, and child on the planet.”
Telosian male alien huffed at the human. “Human thoughts are energy waves. Do you know that, Human? You need to think and act and appear positive, instead of depressed and sad, Human.”
The human wiggled sideways and sat upright straighter, nodding back to the alien with a positive attitude while attending the strange outer space meeting with his limited human understanding.
Joe nodded. “The human must choose to wake up and act, absorbing all of the ancient shared knowledge coming from their guides. The human must alter the laziness of their human mind and kill their carelessness attitude with other humans, then the world will change into love. Love is a short and swift process within the human mind, body, and soul. Hate is a long and slow process that lingers throughout the mind and the body. However, the concept of love has become twisted into a lie by the one. The one is Lucifer, the fallen angel. In heaven, Lucifer was the brightest angel given the power over music. Music became his weapon, when he was tossed out from heaven and landed down Planet Earth and then started to manipulate all of soft and loud sound frequents, which affect all of the humans. Down there on the planet, musical tunes are used to detour each human from their natural ascension process by drowning out the natural sounds flowing into the pair of human eardrums. His power through music has shown the dark path of greed, vanity, selfness, jealousy of each human and every alien. Greed is the fear that gives way to pride, which is the opposite goal coming from the Prime Creator. Greed is a negative emotion that is both long and slow and powerful within the human mind and the alien mind. These vile emotions had assisted the Anunnaki Elders and the Draconian lizards in ruling over the entire human race as a world of slaves. The elite super rich family clans target each human and their human family members while slicing away at their individual Free Will, which is a gift from the Prime Creator also. Free Will is a powerful tool for any human or alien or angel or animal. So, the human must choose a world of illusion or a world of reality. When the world of illusion exits, the human lives and thrives in corruption including money and power and possessions. The Holy Bible states give up your earthly possessions and come and live in the heavenly plane. This book guides and warns each human, but only a handful of humans heed the warnings.”
Orion female alien turned and nodded to the human. Human, do you now understand the connection between the Holy Bible of personal human instructions and the race of aliens? You are part of the book. The book is part of you. You are the creation of the book. And the book contains rules that are easily followed and practiced that lead into the higher self within the higher dimensions that can almost touch the heavenly plane.”
The human nodded. “I finally comprehend. When I return back down to Earth, I will take all of this newly shared and discovered information and re-read my bible, applying these new concepts, finding my selfie,” he chuckled, alone and lonely.
“Right now, each body part on a human is touched by a lie, comprising money, honey. A large government must rule the human race. The earth environment is dying. Each person must be equal status in work, home, school, and church. Planet Earth is your world. This is your focus, your family members, your friend members, your employer, your working job, your grocery store, which is all needed to support and maintain your human life form. No, it is not! However, the human agrees and complies and consents to this life style that has been command by their enslavers, the Anunnaki Elder aliens, without their knowledge. Knowledge is power and powerful for each human. Now, present day and present time, if the words and actions coming from the secretively hidden and unknown group of evil Anunnaki Elder aliens have not interfered enough, to date. The concept of AI, artificial intelligence or a computer in the format of a desk computer, a laptop computer, a mobile telephone, a credit card, a bank machine, an alarm system on the car, in the home, a musical and movie player, a video games, and all of the other electronic toys that human monies can purchase.
“I pose a set of questions to each human. Why do you need the mobile telephone? Why can’t you live near your loved ones? Why can’t you visit your loved ones and talk in person? Why don’t you write a lovely letter or note to your loved ones? Why do you need an alarm on your car? Why do you need an alarm on your house or your dog or your purse? Why do you need a musical player or a movie player or a video game? Ponder those answers, very carefully, Humans! The elite super rich family clans, which are really the evil Anunnaki Elder alien race, has worked it non-magic on the entire human race, including some of the visiting aliens. The new thrilling concept of AI has interrupted the natural human frequency sounds again. I see everywhere. A human adult or teen or little child nose-dived into their personal and portal mobile telephone. No human even talks to each other, much less, explores their own natural human sounds, human frequencies and human feeling. Each human is slowly becoming a robot, like a piece of AI equipment. Wake up, Humans! Fight back, Humans! Resist the urge, Humans! Each human is not a piece of metal machine, but a complex organic machine, coming from the Prime Creator.”
Joe exhaled with worry and nodded his glowing skull. “However, I feel that I am too late with my words of warming and wisdom. The elite super wealthy, controlling Anunnaki elder aliens now have almost achieved complete enslavement of the human race, with the exception of a handful of humans. Each human life feels, does, says, and believes in their current life style of accumulating both earthy and earthly possessions, which is the beginning and continuous New World Order, not heavenly bliss of delight and peace. The human must re-program and then destroy that fake sound frequency returning back into their human natural frequency. Each human must feel positive feeling and destroy all of the negative emotions, in order to break free from the Anunnaki rulers and the trap of the New World Order.”
The human frowned. “I can comprehend that statement. What am I to do next, as a human, who is one of the many trapped within the New World Order?”
“Learn to say thank you, express gratitude, say the words, I love you. Love them; do not hate others. Love your enemies, join your enemies in society. Be patience. Do not curse, invite others for social fun,” Joe nodded. “These acts and actions create tons of positive energy waves that smash the Anunnaki rulers in their greedy alien face.”
He frowned. “But I do that.”
“Do it more! Do it all the time! Don’t think about doing it! Do it, too it! Less is more! Less is great!” Orion female alien nodded to the human.
The human said. “Why are all of these terrible actions affecting the human race? Why? Why? Why? What is its purpose? What is going to happen next to the human race?”
“The Atlanteans came to Earth and created the city of Atlantis and the human model. Then, evil ways and aliens invaded the city, the planet, and humans shutting down the Atlantean timeline, hiding all of the secrets of god and goddess powers with their jealousy and greed. Now, the human race is living on a lie. The human race is still growing up in fear, not love and not freedoms which come from the forces of darkness and evil, not goodness and light. The truth of the Atlantean timeline and the love of the Prime Creator has been split up and hidden from the human race. Only a handful of nasty humans knew the truth and continued to cover up the information from the active mind and two eyeballs on each human. Fear is a negative emotion that lasts a very, very long time, slowly winding around the human mind, affecting the human body, and killing the human soul. A negative emotion is very hard to rid from the human mind, body, and soul. A love emotion is short and sweet but does not last for hours or days or years, until the human Soul embraces the caring attitude through the love for the Prime Creator. The gang of super rich Anunnaki elder aliens do not possess a loving or living Soul nor any emotions, only the instinct of survival in greed and powers. Throughout the world, each newly created and continuous wave of negative energy comes from a human, not an alien or even an animal. Does that surprise you, Human?”
The human gasped in shock. “Yes, I am shocked.”
The Anunnaki Elder alien rulers have destroyed the concept of love and replaced with the emotion of hatred. The emotion is love is deep, healing the alien DNA genes, within the human body, controlling any physical or emotional pain within the same person also. A sound frequency of positive words heals the body and the world, instead of destroying the individual. Love is human, goodness, knowledge, self-control, persistence, tolerance, brotherly and sisterly kind-ness for each other including strangers and stray animals. However, to the Anunnaki rulers, the human emotion is most dangerous concept for their wickedly control and needs to become contained, if possible wiped from the human mind and heart. Truth and love are the keys for starting the process to find the higher self, healing yourself, activating your alien genes, saving the planet from evil and darkness. Look! Listen!  What is happening down on Planet Earth, right now? The evil doers are doing their evil ways which affects every human, every plant, every animal throughout the world. Don’t be a passive listener! Become an active soldier and beam your gliding light with goodness and righteousness to each other!”
“Amen!”
“Amen!”
“Amen!”
“Amen!”
“Amen!”
“Amen!”
“Amen!”
“Amen!”
“Amen!”
“What is the brilliant idea, Joe?” Grey alien smiled.
Silence bombarded the air waves inside the outer space conference without a single human piece of furniture. Joe turned and nodded to the human. “Our newest member within the Circle of Light gave me a terrific idea.”
Grey male alien laughed. “O no! I feel a terrible idea coming from Joe.”
Dino male alien frowned. “How do you know that, Grey?”
He slapped his chest with a nod. “I can see and feel the future. And the future for the dumb humans is not good, ain’t that right, Joe?”
Joe returned back and nodded to each alien. “Down on Planet Earth, the human scientists like to toy within the field of archaeology, that studies old and ancient world.”
“You are referencing all of the hidden trash piles from the ancient humans and aliens. What about the trash piles of the ancient peoples?” Feline female alien laughed.
Joe nodded. “The world of human archaeology has brought the ancient aliens out of the darkness and into the light, drawing both the aliens and the humans closer together, without revealing any of the living and breathing alien life forms. This is our goal to expose the alien presence without freaking out the human race. We also have seen the creation of the modern day AI technology that each human embrace and embarrasses with their human love and kindness, better than their married wife or sinful girlfriend,” he chuckled with the other aliens. “The technology tool of carbon dating affects one of the numerous dirty pieces of trash from the ancient civilization details the live and death stories of each people.
“What is the point of mentioning all of the Anunnaki-made equipment?” Grey alien frowned.
He continued. “Because of progress in geophysics, soil chemistry, satellite imaging, three-dimensional mapping skills, drones, software for ground-penetrating radar, and remote sensing, the human race has a better grasp of the complexity and sophistication of these ancient civilizations. One particular historical site is located in the modern day country of China, inside the human-named Xianren Cave. The Xianren Cave is a rock shelter which exhibited numerous broken ancient pottery dishes and the early concept of rice seeds farm cultivation coming from the early Chinese cave men and women, who had not been eaten by the Dino aliens. The earth cave is 23 feet high by 36 feet wide and 46 feet deep housing cave people and their families and their possessions.”
“What is the point of mentioning this Anunnaki-made cave, Joe?” Grey alien frowned.
“The pottery shards were radiocarbon dated and were constructed 20,000 years ago, which was the end of the Last Glacial Period.”
“What is the point of mentioning this Anunnaki-made pottery dishes, Joe?” Grey alien frowned.
Joe nodded. “The rock cave holds other ancient 20,000 years old artifacts including charcoal and bone collagen eating plates and platters, bone tools, and shell tools. I plan to send down a terrifying supernatural lightning bolt through Mother Gaia, of course, and destroy that Anunnaki-made cave and all of the Anunnaki-made artifacts, which had been used by the cave man and women. Then, all of the Anunnaki rules will become stunned and mad at me while the race of humans will become stunned and scared. Then, each human will start to pray to their god, either the golden mobile telephone or the Prime Creator,” he laughed with the other aliens. The human gasped in shock and swiftly stood upright while listening to the new plan coming from each alien.
Grey alien continued to stand and danced within the air waves, giggling with a smile. “Me, next! I wanna destroy the new silver mine in the city of Thorikos, within the country of Greece. The humans have uncovered a pristine silver mine that has lain untouched for over 5,000 years. Thorikos is a city with the present day country of southern Attica peninsula.”
“No! No! No!” The human danced around the air waves without any loud music notes but furious mental thoughts, screaming at the circle of aliens. “You can’t do these terrible destructive actions against the human race.”
“Wait!” Arcturian male alien frowned. “You cannot…”
“Thank you, alien sir!” The human pointed at the alien and nodded with delight, shouting at each alien. “Do you see and hear that statement, Joe! You cannot do this.”
Arcturian male alien continued. “You cannot damage the modern day country of India for any reason. The India temples are alive with thousands of living and breathing aliens, in hiding or disguised, of course, who are influenced by the Anunnaki Elders.”
“Then, we should purposefully target all of the Indian temples with our purpose.” Bird male alien nodded.
Arcturian male alien shook his glowing skull. “I will allow that. The ancient Indian culture is alive and well inside each ancient temple and inside each mountain camp site that hold numerous aliens. We could easily start the next Galaxy Civil War, involving all humans and all aliens, and all animals, which would be terrible and horrible.”
“I disagree.” Feline female alien frowned. “The country and peoples of India are asleep.”
Pleiadean female alien nodded. “I agree with Artie. The country and aliens in India are not asleep. We will receive bad reactions that will trigger tons of negative energy waves coming off each human and the planet. Anyways, the ancient artifacts inside each Indian temple give off a set of positive energy waves from Planet Earth. And do not ask me why!”
Grey alien laughed. “Because there are alien spies that are rooting for us and the human race.”
The temples and the artifacts belong to the alien races, not the human races. So, what will happened, if we accidentally destroyed one tiny Indian temple?” Bird male alien asked.
She continued. “The modern day country of Russia possesses magical energy also along with Earth’s core. We do not disturb or perturb that magical energy. Else, we are all in trouble with the Prime Creator.”
The human frowned. “Is there really magic here on the planet? Where is the magic in the soil, in the sky, in the seas?”
Dino male alien nodded. “Once upon a time, when the city of Atlantis existed and all of the alien lived in happiness and joy, the modern day country of India was part of the Atlantis continent, where the aliens rode around on top of flying pieces of carpet for fun. The alien race brought in their elephant seeds, which were really a slave class. The slave concept is older than dirt. This is where the Anunnaki Elder alien race continued the tradition on the entire race of humans, on their own home world.”
“We are not targeting the human race. We are teaching the Anunnaki Elder alien race a lesson of goodness and godliness, which will piss them off,” Bird male alien laughed out loud. “I think every alien should select one particular item and then destroy it using Mother Gaia and her awesome earth powers. I wanna destroy the Anunnaki-made Effie Tower structure in the present day city of Paris within the country of France.”
The human wiggled with worry and screamed out loud in fear, “No! You can’t do that!”
Dino male alien smiled. “I like! So, I plan, on my alien part, to perturb the physical ocean island of Crete first as a warning sign to the human race.”
Orion female alien nodded. “I must point out that one of the many isles still contain the Leprosy colonist. The medical condition of leprosy is a spore that affects a human, when alive and berthing.”
Joe shook his glowing skull. “No! The spore will only affect the visiting race of aliens, not a true human. The human was constructed here as their home base and the human is immune to the environment. The alien is the foreign invasive species, since each one of them left the Planet or never visited Earth before."
Grey alien gasped in shock. “What did you say, man?”
Joe nodded. “I am not a man.”
Pleiadean female alien laughed. “Joe is correct. You should have read the personal instruction manual before coming to visit or sty on Planet Earth as an alien,” she laughed with the other aliens.
“What!” Gray alien gasped in alarm. the others laughed.
Feline female alien nodded. “All right! We want to wake up the selfish humans. “What about the waking up or perturbing all of the domestic animals and all of the wildlife life forms and all of the growing plants and the trees?”
Joe nodded. “The landmass quake will only become shaken, not stirred. I will send out an underground quake that will alert the animals, so they can take shelter and wait out the land quake. Animals are smarter than the entire human race,” he laughed with the others.
Arcturian male alien nodded. “That is a fact!”
Telosian male alien nodded and then cracked his glowing hand knuckles that did not make a sound inside the 12th Dimension. “I plan to destroy all of the Anunnaki-created art and artifact museums which contain heaps of dirty trash coming out from each ancient trash pile by every dead ancient civilization on Planet Earth. None of the museums house animals. So, no animal will be harm in the destruction,” he laughed with the other aliens.
“No! No! No!” The human gasped in shock and danced in the air waves with worry. “Please! Please, don’t do that!”
“Okay! I will do that. I got permission from the human Soul,” he laughed with the other aliens.
No! No! No!” The human repeated and shook his glowing skull. “I did not. I repeat. I did not give permission for this…this...this…”
“Capilano Suspension Bridge, in the mountainous treetops, within the country of Canada, that only human use and the flying birds poop on, that’s my personal target that will startle the entire human race into doing something good, not evil. I really hate heights!” Grey alien laughed with the other aliens.
The human gasped in shock. “No! No! No! This plan is evil. You can’t perform evil tasks. You are the good aliens.” 
“The human found a new flavored triplet word,” Dino male alien laughed.
“I got all of ya’ll beat! I plan to shift the mighty Mississippi River from the dead zone of dead fish into a fertile zone of live fish, twisting and shuffling all of the river water closer to the US city of New Orleans.” Pleiadean female alien nodded with a smile.
“No!” The human gasped in shock.
She nodded. “Yes, I can do that. And I am not destroying the river; I am only shifting the river with help from Mother Gaia.”
“Please do not! I am begging and pleading to each nice alien.” The human moaned with worry.
Feline female alien smiled. “I am going to destroy Big Ben clock tower in the city of London, within the country of England. I do believe the Draconian lizards will be losing their tails with fright,” she laughed with the other aliens.
The human frowned in confusion. “Why did you say that? What does that mean? Please, do not do this. All of the humans will become scared and fled their homes.”
Joe nodded with a smile to the human. “That is the point of our tiny exercise, Human. We want all of the humans to wake up and smell the fear coming from each one of their super rich, controlling Anunnaki rulers. Then each human must do something besides become complacent and passive on their own home world.”
Arcturian male alien continued to sit and nodded his glowing skull. “I accept. I plan to destroy the Capital Building, which is located in the city of Washington DC within the United States of America, with the permission of both Mother Gaia and my good friend, Orion girl.”
“I should have thought of that Anunnaki-made structure first.” Grey alien frowned.
“You should have thought of the particular structure, Grey!” Dino male alien laughed with the other aliens.
The human gasped in alarm. “No! No! No! The Capital Building is a symbol of …”
“...slavery. Wake up and smell the stench of your stinky dictators, the group of evil Anunnaki alien rulers.” Feline female alien frowned at the human.
“You have my permission. Artie.” Orion female alien nodded. “Okay. All right! You twisted one of my hologram arms. I will destroy all three gigantic and ancient Anunnaki-made pyramids, in the ancient country of Egypt. There! Do you like?”
“I like!” Dino male alien laughed.
The human screamed in panic. “No! You can’t do that. You didn’t construct the ancient pyramids. You have not right to destroy them.”
“I beg your pardon, Human! I did work to construct everyone one of these pyramids, billions of years ago.” Orion female alien laughed with the other aliens.
The human waved both of his arms in the air and continued to dance wildly, shaking his glowing skull. “Why? Why, Joe? Why did you select this plan of action for…for the entire human race?”
Grey alien turned and nodded to Joe. “Yeah, why did you select this plan of action? The plan is evil and crude and mean and rude, which is not my style, of course.”
Joe nodded back to each face including the human. “The human race needs a series of ugly energy waves to jump start the ascension clock. What better method than through fear and intimidation as an ugly energy wave! We will execute this little exercise in a few more moments from each one of our home bases and after the human soul has returned back down to his home planet. And no humans will become harmed. Else, I will become angry along with the Prime Creator,” he nodded to each alien. Each alien nodded back in silence with the same understanding.
“You need to find and seek safe cover, quickly, Human, from the deluge of terrible lightning strikes! The human race will become so upset.” Grey alien laughed.
Joe nodded. “If the race of stubborn and stupid humans did not heed our new warnings, then we will convene here next week, same outer space time and same outer space place, and then we will destroy a new set of Anunnaki-made buildings, until the humans learn.”
The human danced around the air waves and hollered in panic. “No. No! No! End of Times! You are deciding the End of Times for the human race. You have no right to control or dictate to the human race. You, you, you, and you can’t do that. It is forbidden or something. If you plan this, then the entire race of humans will freak out of their bodies.”
Gray alien lifted both of his outlined glowing arms into the air and as the pale blue lights flickered throughout the air wave. He laughed out loud. “Finally, the human got it!” He dropped both of his arms, nodding to the human.
The human gasped in shock. “What! What did I get! I got nothing. I don’t understand any of your alien words. But I do understand that you are planning and then implementing the End Times for the human race. The planet is not ready for this. Humans are not ready for this. I do believe in a secret heavenly Rapture, where each human body will arise from the grave.”
“Is that a new Hollywood-produced Halloween movie film?” Grey alien laughed.
The human nodded. “I believe and love Jesus Christ. When he comes back, I wanna be on his outer space starship,” he laughed with the other aliens.
“You don’t have to wait, Human! Jesus is here with you and me in this meeting. He tried and tried for years and years to education the human race and failed and failed.” Bird male alien smiled and pointed at Joe, the Messenger angel from the Angelic Kingdom.
“Thanks, Bird man!” Joe/Jesus nodded.
“He doesn’t get it!” Feline female alien shook her glowing cat-like long mane.
The human gasped in alarm. “What! Wait! What are you doing up here, Jesus?”
Joe/Jesus nodded. “I live here, and I am here to aid the human race.”
The human gasped in shock. “What! Wait! What type of destructive events are you making here inside this invisible room? Is this the fate of the planet. Are you dooming the people and the planet to destruction and damage and dead?"
Grey alien laughed. "Naw, human! We're just having some fun. And the time is ripe for the aliens to become exposed and the race of humans to see the truth."
Joe/Jesus nodded to each face. “After a series of terrible Mother Nature events, behind our hands, then the human race must learn to survive again by planting crops for food, walking to work, talking face-to-face with their family, friends, and foes. Pretty much! They must live with the trees and the animals once again. The alien race will become pissed. But I don’t care.”
“Right, Joe!” Dino male alien nodded with the other aliens.
Joe/Jesus stood upright and nodded his glowing skull. “We have a new plan.”
“Wait! Wait! Wait!” The human swiftly stood upright and waved both of his arms in the air. “No! No! No!”
Feline female alien stood upright and wiggled her cat tail outline. “He likes to talk in threes.”
The human yelled in panic, “You can’t destroy the world.”
Bird male alien slowly stood upright and nodded his glowing skull back to the human. “We cannot destroy the world. We are only rearranging some of the elements, such like, rivers, islands, mountains, crop fields, and other items. This is a great plan and will get the attention of the human race along with the alien races too.”
Orion female alien did not stand but floated further up in the air, speaking into each alien mind. “The time is now. You must leave us, Human. You must go back down onto Planet Earth…”
“…and run for your life,” Grey alien laughed out loud.
“Grey is correct, Human!” Dino male alien slowly stood upright and wiggled his body in the air waves.
The human panicked with worry and horrors coming from the Circle of Light, who were not nice or liked or listened to the human. The human was the native of Planet Earth, not these invaders. “What do I need to do? How will I survive? How will the true human race survive your…your alien interference? This is not human, no humanity.”
Joe slowly stood upright with a glowing nod, ending the meeting. “We are dismissed.”
Bird male alien slowly disappeared from his wiggling pale blue tinted outline and shouted out loud to the human. “Heal yourself! Be your true selfie”
“Wait! Don’t leave me!” The human shouted out loud at each alien.
Feline female alien slowly vanished from her wiggling pale blue tinted outline and shouted out loud to the human. “Human, you and all of the other humans are here to assist Mother Gaia and help each other reach ascension into the 12th Dimension, not toll as a manual laborer in the dirt field.”
Dino male alien slowly vanished from the outline and screamed to the human. “Heal the soul!”
“Wait!” the human bounced up and down with worry.
“Unwrap your reality and break out of the 3rd Dimension, Human!” Pleiadean female alien spoke out and then swiftly disappeared from the air waves without leaving a trace of his alien presences.
“How do I break free of the 3rd Dimension? Come back and explain that term to me, Grey alien, Blue girl alien, any alien!” The human gasped in panic and continued to wiggle in the air waves, watching each alien disappear from the air waves.
Telosian male alien slowly disappeared from his outline and shouted out loud to the human. “You must learn your life and your planet and your universe by breaking free from the old programming.”
“What! What does that mean? I don’t understand. Please, come back alien!” The human frowned and continued to dance in the air waves.
“Awake! Awaken into the higher dimensions!” Arcturian male alien slowly disappeared and hollered out loud to the human.
“Don’t go!” the human bounced up and down with worry. “What do I do now or next?”
Bye, Human!” Grey alien disappeared from the air waves.
Orion female alien stood upright and shimmered as a pale blue blob of energy, yelling out loud to the human. “The human is a god or a goddess. The human can create their own universe using their true supernatural powers as a god or a goddess. Go and tell the world, Human! Amen!”
Each alien slowly or swiftly disappeared into a thin stream of pale blue beam, leaving the Grey alien ship. The human continued to float in the air waves on the alien starship and wiggled up and down, waving both of his arms about his glowing bone skull. “Wait! Wait! Wait! Tell me one more thing! Why! Why must the entire race ascend to the 12th Dimension? Why is that important for the race of aliens and the human race?”
A loud voice from the Arcturian male alien invaded the quiet room of air waves and as the human continued to float and wiggle in the air, alone and lonely. The voice said. “The human race on Planet Earth is teaching the other outer space stars and worlds about human conflict and not to dive into that deep ditch. On Planet Earth, a small conflict lasts for ten years. However, the truth war is cracking open your higher self and looking side, finding the purpose of life, transporting around the galaxy for fun and adventure while aiding other alien species and planets. This is why the human model was designed. Goodbye, Human! Good luck and God speed!”

On the Earth day, at the Earth time of 08:08 am, in the bright morning, the human soul dropped down through the air waves and fell down through the metal floor on the alien starship, without bodily injury or blood splatters, while shouting in fear. He landed down on top of the hard seat without injury again and slowly opened both of his two eyelids, slightly jingling his bone skull and scanned the new familiar room inside the tiny office within the Sloss Furnace facility. He gasped in shock and whispered for his eardrums only, “I’m back here. I’m back on Earth. How did I get back here? Did I really leave from here? Did I really go beyond this room? What happened to me? I don’t understand. I met a circle of aliens. Circle of Light!” He exhaled with worry and shook his bone skull. “No! No! No! I dreamed that. What a dream! What a nap?” He slapped his chest and laughed out loud. “I didn’t meet Jesus. This ghost haunting trip is affecting my neurons and my nerves,” Koon slid off the funny-looking fitness row machine and chuckled from his dream, stretching all of his limbs in different directions, yawning with more sleep. He spun around and gasped in alarm. “Lockette, what time is it!? Where is Lockette? He must’ve thought I ran off without him!” He slowly moved ahead and laughed out loud, scratching numerous body parts from his deep rest. “Well, I can’t leave. Lockette has the car fob.” He stopped and stood inside the archway, scanning the dirt tunnel, not seeing a human or a ghost or an alien or an angel. “Lockette!” He shouted out loud. “Lockette, are you close? I’m going back to the truck. Are you finished finding Old Man Slag?” He turned and slowly paced down the dirt scanning the rusty walls, remembering the smell, seeing the rust spots and exited back into the lobby area. He stopped in place and gasped in alarm. The sunshine blinded both of his eyeballs. “It’s morning time! Where is Lockette?” He spun around and dashed ahead, shotu9ing out loud. “Lockette! Lockette, where are you?” He slid into a halt and exhaled with worry, snapping his fingers. “Get into the truck! Lockette has the key fob. Break the window. Get into the truck and get to the police station. Good plan!” He spun around with worry and raced back down the tunnel, exiting the rusty building and ran across the gravel, sliding into a halt again. He gasped in shock and stared at the black tinted pickup truck. “Where is Lockette? Where is his pickup truck? Who is that? Whose truck it that?” He slowly approached the truck and stopped at the driver’s seat door, leaning into the window, seeing a sheet of paper on the steering wheel. He reached down and pulled on the door handle, opening an unlocked truck door, leaning over the driver’s seat. He read out loud the note: “Koon, where did you go? I found Old Man Slag and got his ugly face on my ghost devise and then ran away with fright. It was so cool, finally seeing a ghost! However, I called and called your name from the entrance hallway. You didn’t answer or show up when I called out into the darkness. So, I guess you fell asleep somewhere inside that building. Else, you were be here at the truck, after seeing Old Man Slag. So, I left the Sloss Furnace and get your truck, parking it here at the facility. When you finally wake up and get moving, come and see me. I wanna show you my ghost image of Old Man Slag,” Koon reached out and ripped off the sheet of paper, laughing out loud from the funny set of words, scooting into the driver’s seat. He closed the door and reached up, grabbing the key fob inside the visor, pressing the pedals and started the truck. He chuckled again, “Lockette saw a ghost and I saw Jesus,” he laughed again, when the gravel rocks shook underneath the truck, rocking his body inside the truck cab. He gasped in alarm and shut off the truck, thinking something was wrong with the truck, opening the door and dropped down on top of the gravel driveway. He studied each part on the truck trying to detect the issue. The gravel of rock shook again and as the truck slightly rocked back and forth on top of the gravel from a slight tremble in the ground.
On top of the gravel, Koon gasped in shock and as his upright body wobbled side to side. He looked down and studied the gravel, seeing some of the rocks dance around the ground and leap into the air. The ground earth tremble halted and as the air waves were quiet and still. Some of the weaker trees had tumbled down over the dirt.
He gasped in alarm and scanned the environment, seeing a small grove of trees, the tall and wide rusty furnace buildings and towers, without seeing a human or an alien or an angel or an animal. The air currents were heated and still. No bird was flying. No insect was buzzing. No squirrel was scurrying around the grass or the grave.
He continued to stand on solid ground and gasped in shock, looking up at the skyline. The clouds slowly turned from pretty happy white tint into an array of angry red hue, gathering together, blocking the bright sunlight. “No! No! No! This is not real. This cannot be happening here on Planet Earth. It was a dream. I dreamed of destruction on Planet Earth from a circle of aliens. It was a dream. This is not real or truth or happening to me, to us, to the human race,” he scooted back into the truck and started the engine, flipping through the radio stations, hearing the same words of panic from each radio announcer.
“End of Times is here.”
“In the country of France, in the city of Pair, a stray yellow tinted lightning bolt released from the sky and hit the Effie Tower. The Effie Tower has exploded and melted down into a large puddle of gooey metal.”
“In the county of England, in the city of London, a wild streak of lightning has descended down and destroyed the clock tower. Big Ben is gone. The historical clock is gone and burning into a fireball of pretty colors.”
Koon screamed in panic. “No! No! No! I need to go and find Lockette. I need to tell him what is happening, what I saw,” he jerked the gear and reversed from the parking spot, driving ahead over the gravel. The earth ground shook again. He slapped the brakes and then stopped, feeling the trebling ground, hearing the hound.
On the radio, the announcer blasted. “This is it, Americans! Go and hug your love one, tight and right! Your family, your friends, your foes, your house, your land, your city, your country, your world, and your galaxy might not be here tomorrow. Good bye, cruel world!”
“What an idiot!” Koon slammed the gasoline pedal and swiftly drove ahead, turning onto the busy highway. Today was a work day for the workers. Some of the automobiles were stalled or sitting in the roadway, fearing the ground quake. The other automobiles were slowly driving to work or back home. Koon knew what was happening and flew down the familiar roadways, scooting by each stalled or slow-moving automobile. “Get outta my way! I wanna get to Lockette. He will not believe me!” He dialed the mobile telephone on the dashboard and heard a busy signal. “Of course, every son is calling his mama, telling her goodbye. This is not the End of the Times. The set of events is a wake-up call to the human race to change their evil ways and save the trees, save the animals, save the planet. I did not dream the meeting with the Circle of Light. I was there and heard and visited with aliens and Jesus. The aliens are shaking the cookie jar. I know their plan. I know what is going to happen next.”
On the radio, the announcer blasted more information. “This is so strange. I am seeing this on my mobile telephone screen. In the mountainous forest, in the country of Canada, the Capilano Suspension Bridge has been hit by a single lightning bolt and is burning away the ropes. This is so bizarre and strange, people. Mother Nature is mad at the entire world. She is destroying numerous man-made objects throughout the world.”
Koon continued to drive slowly and then wildly down the main highway, avoiding a car accident, yelling back at the radio. “No! Mother Nature is not mad. The rest of the aliens are mad at the human race for acting stupid and silly. Ah! But the Anunnaki Elder race is really mad and scared. Just wait, humans!”
On the radio, the announcer blasted. “The other parts of the world are experiencing destruction and panic. So far, the USA has not been hit.”
Just wait, Humans!” Koon laughed and continued to drive around the slow-moving automobiles.
On the radio, the announcer said. “O no! This is terrible. This is impossible. The Capital Building has been destroyed. The ancient American structure is a plume of fire and flames coloring the cloudy sky. This is unbelievable! What is happening to our world? What is happening to my life? I wanna go home and hug my wife and my two children. I’m leaving the air waves. Good bye, world!”
Koon frowned and continued to drive through the stalled automobiles, shouting out loud with worry and nervousness. “No! This is not the end of the world. The aliens cannot end the world, only make it better. That’s it! I was selected or picked to tell the world what is happening. I need to tell the social media and the newspapers and the television station reporters about everything. I need…” he slammed on the brakes and skidded the truck into a halt, exhaling with nervousness. “I can help the humans and the aliens. Yes, we can help the humans, the trees, the plants, the flowers, the animals and the planet!” He closed both of his eyelids and recalled the vision, nodding with a smile, opening both of his eyelids and sped down the crowded roadway.

After a four-five minute drive, at 08:53 am, steering through stalled automobiles, crowds of walking people, groups of panicked individuals, and dodging panicked animals, Koon turned off the main highway, slowly driving down the familiar city street and then skidded into a halt, seeing at the familiar house.
The exterior facade on the single-story residential house displayed light brown tinted bricks with a long concrete front porch with a short overhang, a set of double green-tinted metal doors and a single matching garage door. In-between the garage door and the edge of the brick, an enclosed patio held a screen-in porch which accessed the interior of the house and the garage. A row of scattered glass windows with open curtains displayed parts of each interior room, if you were a human. On each front door, a lovely wreath of fake flowers in the colors of pink, yellow, pale blue, and mint green with a white tinted fake dove on the bottom ream nicely welcomed a family member or a friend or a foe.
Koon killed the engine and leaped from the driver’s seat with a smile, approaching the double doors and then stopped. He wiggled with nervousness and straightened his clothes and then his hair, reaching out, knocking on the metal door. He could not hear the footfalls but viewed an upright figure through the glass window.
At 09:09 am, the entrance door opened and revealed a slender, middle-age human female with an average height and weight, wearing a head of long gray hair, a pair of grey irises, and a tone of dark skin.
Koon quickly scanned the interior living room setting. 
The room walls were painted in yellow hue and displayed crooked rows of numerous oil paintings and hand drawings. The ceiling planks were white tinted. The entrance displayed a long undivided window which showed the front lawn of pods of colorful flowers and lush green tinted grass, and a tall oak tree on the side of the house. The entrance door held a single door in the wall corner. The side wall contained a long sofa in white leather underneath numerous semi-crooked rows of paintings. The long wall opposite from the entrance wall contained two square shaped archways that led into the dining room and the kitchen setting with two oversized white tinted chairs and an ottoman and two side tables in white wood. The other side wall contained a white tinted writing desk with a matching wooden chair in the center. In the wall corner, a built-in shelf held numerous items including family pictures.
The writing desk was covered in a plastic clear sheet with bottles of colored oil paints. A high stool stood at the end of the desk with a pile of white paper.
“The aliens were correct,” he returned back and smiled at the familiar but not familiar lady, “Hello! My name is Koon. You don’t know me! But I do know you. You are a lousy artist and cannot free-hand draw like your mother. You cannot write poems, like your sister. You cannot add numbers, like your father. However, you enjoy painting in bright pastels and rich dark oil paints, creating lovely large and tiny flowers.”
She gasped in shock and then narrowed her two eyelashes at the strange male. “Who are you? Who told you that private information?”
He smiled. “Your guardian angel, he told me and showed me your place.” The ground trembled again. Koon reached out and touched the door frame, keeping his body upright. She reached out to the opposite door frame, standing balanced also. He nodded. “The Mississippi River is shifting from its original berth. The shift is causing the earth trembles.
On the radio devise, on top of her writing desk, the radio announces blasted in the air for each pair of eardrums. “Newsflash! The USA scientists have discovered that the mighty Mississippi River is moving, shifting, shuffling from its original base. The entire river system is literally shifting future to the west, away from the eastern plane. This is impossible! This is unbelievable! Mother Nature has gone crazy and insane, folks! The USA scientists have estimated that the Mississippi River will overflow over the US city of New Orleans. All of the people and animals are being evacuated from the shaky and flooding areas into other cities, right now. The river shift process will take weeks and months, but it is happening. What is happening to Planet Earth?”
She gasped in alarm. “What is happening to the planet?”
He winked with a smile. “I know what is happening to the planet.”
She gasped in shock, “How do you know that/”
He pointed to the red angry skyline and then slapped his chest, nodding to the strange woman. “I just sat in a meeting with all of the good aliens and Jesus. They are doing this to the humans, not the planet. Mother Nature, she gave her approval to save Earth including the trees, the plants, the insects, and the animals. Now, the human race will wake up and start praying to God or the Prime Creator for help in stopping the destruction of the evil human ways. What do you think about all of that?”
She gasped in shock and then smiled with a nod to the strange man. “Well, it sounds crazy. But I do believe you, sir.”
He chuckled. “Good! I wanna aid man-kind and woman-kind, too, but I need a partner. Are you interested in assisting me, lady?”
She gasped in alarm and then grinned at the helpful strange. “Yes, I wanna help man-kind, woman-kind, alien-kind, animal-kind, and the planet. Please come inside, so we can discuss your new plan to save the planet.”
Koon nodded with a grin and entered her house, “What’s your name?” She closed the door.



The beginning….
