
OUROBOROS
by
WILLIAM WHITE-ACRE
copyright 2021 by william white-acre
Smashwords Edition
white-acre.wixsite.com/photography




Prologue:

He feels the insistent sting of a pulsating desire.  It is relentless.  There is rippling energy coursing through his body, as he continually readjusts to his environment.  Day.  Night.  The next twenty-four hours arrives and he assesses the changes.  The VTA, ventral tegrental area is on red alert, pumping dopamine, stimulating his expanding brain.  He is thinking on a different plane, not unlike a chess master playing against numerous opponents simultaneously.  Patterns are constantly changing.  He eyes perceive stimuli like blueprints.  
A rat scurries away and he traces the rodent's progress even though it is dark in the abandoned building.  The acuity of his vision has increased three fold.  Like a cat, he can focus easily in near blackness.  And like a dog his sense of smell has changed and he picks up a scent. It has an olfactory ripeness to it.  A vague hint of fruit, with a fine layer of alcohol drifts on the  musty and mildewed closeness of the building that dates from early in another century.  Sniffing again, he knows it is a human source.  Close.  In the next room.
Listening, he hears the distinct rumbling of snores.  This brings a smile to his face, the face he no longer recognizes, now transitioning daily...hourly.    

PART ONE:  For What It's Worth

Chapter 1:  South By South

Maurice Worth came south as a child.  By car.  A long journey. Many hours on roads that predated the famed Interstate highway. Sitting in the backseat of his father's five year old two-tone Ford Crestliner, he could barely see out the window as they passed by verdant farmland and through numerous small towns.  His father was so proud of that car.   All the way from Cincinnati.  It was the 1950's.  His parents, in a move counter to the northern trend of migration African-Americans had been making for decades, were returning to the South of their ancestry, a land of Jim Crow laws and institutionalized racism that ran so deep it was enshrined in continuing discrimination that was hardened and refreshed on a daily basis.  Land of water fountains for whites and separate water fountains for "coloreds."  A new version of slavery had proved to be enduring, transactional, constantly reappearing in a different shape and form.  Thousands upon thousands of Blacks had departed for northern cities, hoping to escape a region that ignored Federal mandates routinely and was adept at maintaining a status quo that was able to grin as it fortified the boundaries of its self interest.
The Queen City had once been an important way station in the revered Underground Railroad, responsible for helping to spirit slaves towards freedom.  Crossing the Ohio River was  often the last barrier to achieving the rewards of a just humanity.  His ancestors had made that journey, arriving as the Civil War was raging across the landscape, leaving behind bloody mayhem in its wake.  
His father was a pastor.  His church stood on Liberty Avenue in Cincinnati.  Spirit Tabernacle Church was nothing more than a store front place of worship but had a devoted congregation and had been a pillar of the community for many years.  That is why his decision to move to Atlanta was so bewildering to many of his "flock," who thought returning to the South was odd, even foolhardy.  "I have been called," he informed them one Sunday, inserting the news into his sermon at the end.  "The Lord needs me there," he added, trying to reinforce the import of his decision.
Why Atlanta?  God had a chore for the pastor to do.  His brethren needed help.   The travails of segregation needed combating and the city had been the putative capital of the south, not Richmond.  The Confederacy had been birthed in the deep south and inexplicably selected the Virginia city as the seat of its power.  It was a historical item that perplexed some historians but proved to be a simple oversight by others.  History to the descendants of the Civil War from the Confederate states followed a singular path, starting and ending with the right of the South to secede.  The reasons didn't include the scourge of slavery, which, in their retelling of the war, was of minor concern.  Minimizing the sole commercial engine that buttressed the South's economy was a glaring omission, one which assuaged any guilt lingering throughout the generations.
The Atlanta of Maurice's youth was circumscribed by segregation and de facto laws ever more punitive than any existing ordinances on the books.  Jim Crow ruled.  It was deceptively simple.  The Black man was free but only as an historical aberration.  Four years of bloody war that had occurred in the near past didn't apply.  The Confederacy lived on in another incarnation, kept intact by a white populace fearful of being overtaken by societal changes and events beyond their control.  
Enter Dr. King and the vaunted Civil Rights Movement, which swept across the South in the Sixties, riding the coat tails of social opprobrium originating in some parts of the north as it was unexpectedly carried by the new Democratic party.  It was an unlikely metamorphosis, ushered in by Presidents known simply by their initials:  JFK and LBJ. 
 Milestones were met, passed, ushering him, (hurtling perhaps), his advancement towards a reckoning.  Years before he had left his secondary hometown, retracing his history, back towards the north, back to Ohio where he was born.  The reason (s) were obscured by addiction and its grip on his sense of reality.  Scars were prevalent, obvious, on display.  A lifetime of living "on loan," as he liked to describe it, had scratched out an outline against his psyche, leaving behind what he considered a well earned view of futility.  
Several co-habitations later and Maurice was spent, both spiritually and physically.  His times in church were ineffective,, reaching, always striving to grasp at anything that might give his life some sort of purchase, something to cling to.  Drugs, and booze, gave him that, "a reason to not have a reason," as he was fond of phrasing it, his life and its inherent wanted and unwanted accumulations.  Even with a mind cluttered by a wanton collection of memories, and lacerated by competing sources of inebriation, he still had a way with words, a voice too, which was deep, rich, and chock full of authentication.  Born in the North but raised in the South, he had his own viewpoint, unique and stained by events.  You couldn't take that away from him.
Of course you could; he had long ago been marginalized by a society bent on reclaiming its recent history.  No one had to look very far to see some statue proclaiming to all who cared to look that the violent side show that concluded over a century before had been a travesty and had concluded unsatisfactorily for a rather large slice of the population.  War by whatever name always superseded political will but seldom vanquished the spirit the original animus was imbued with.  Not extinguished.  Left to smolder.  Unattended.  Guilt with a white hue didn't materialize.  It only regrouped and went on a bender, drunk on wholesale victimization, soon to be ingrained, even institutionalized across state lines, seeping into classrooms, dorms, churches, and the minutes of government meetings. 
"Southern living is about statues and statutes," a Civil Rights leader had once been quoted as saying, his answer to what it had been like to grow up down south.  Laws were on the books, ones that were enacted to keep a firm grip on the new status quo, while statues of Confederate Generals kept watch over the towns and cities, stationary, unmovable.  Everyday people passed by and paid silent homage to historical heroes.  Others, they quietly fumed and wondered where a wrong turn had occurred.  
He was the recipient of this large scale re-education plan, with a little help from the Supreme Court, who in their wisdom sought to enshrine the civic criminality in print, using long rambling doublespeak to inform everyone that the tentacles of law can ensnare each and everyone with ease.  Then again, he would live long enough to reach one of those mountaintops they were talking about when Atlanta would become a "chocolate town," answering no longer to the dictates of curved spine crackers but to a coterie of black voices in positions of power.  The state of Georgia might have still been smarting from that lunatic general who marched through with an arsonist's gleam in his eye, nursing a monumental grudge as a result, but in Atlanta a zone of limited sanctuary had been carved out.  
Little solace, really.  Not unlike other "nigger towns" that dotted the southern landscape,  separate but equal was the mocking battle cry.  Legal decisions didn't mean shit when turned over to the real world functioning out there, a dimension that included no voting rights, no opportunities, nothing that might resemble anything resembling fairness.  
Maurice Worth like to say: "My name's Worth but it ain't worth much."  Raised in Atlanta, specifically in Vine City, he had a ground level view of the streets.  Many nights were spent around "the Bluff," a compressed neighborhood surviving on a diet of drugs and the rapid mercantile nature of commerce forever skirting the laws.  Living in public housing, at John Eagan Home, his perspective narrowed until all he could envision was small scale despair and slow motion degradation.  Despite his father's holy optimism and the relative success of his freshly founded church, life was lived within the confines of a shrinking sense of purpose.  
Outside their immaculately kept apartment, just beyond the front steps, there was a yawning chasm of festering discontent.  Poverty thrived.  Only alleviated by the temporary transport from the obvious by bouts with diversions that only drugs could deliver.  He grew into this societal strait jacket, which was strapped on him at an early age.  His world was bordered by the filth strewn streets.  His mind had been set by a bifurcated universe: easily recognized by a binary color spectrum. In black and white, as they say.
Ambition shrunk.  Any aptitude atrophied.  Turning eighteen delivered him to a promise land no one had promised.  Selective Service had a deceptive ring to it, like it might be desirable, even ushering in a fortuitous future.  It wasn't.  It was directly from a nether world, a world where you were expected to adhere to regulations that simultaneously exploited you as it exhorted you to do your civic duty.  Catch 22 on steroids.  Dr. Frankenstein meet Kafka.  Sign here.  And here.  We'll be in touch.
The letter arrived soon enough.  His mother nervously fingered the envelope, finally handing it over to her son, while his father clung to a Bible and muttered out a worn and tattered prayer.  The government, the same one that couldn't afford him full rights in the community, wanted him to appear.  Maurice balled up the letter and tossed it against the kitchen wall.  No need to finish reading it.  He saw the evening news enough to know what his destiny was and what it included.    
Induction came swiftly, arriving like a dream turning in on itself, a nightscape of harrowing realizations each more terrifying than the last.  Even now, many (many) years later, he could hear the thump-thump-thump of the rotors resounding from the Hueys, like an evil addition to his heart beat.  Just out of High School.  So young he barely started shaving.  With a callow view of the world, blunted by aimless nights on the streets, slinging, existing for another day, he boarded a bus, pick in Afro, trying not to let his bewilderment show.  His mother, sister, and father stood curbside, tears on cheeks, silently petitioning the Lord to keep him safe.  Embarrassed at first by their public display of emotion, he forced a laugh, telling them he would be back in no time, don't worry.  His father muttered a few passages from the ever present Bible he carried, while his mother tried not to wail.  They knew.  Everyone knew.  The war over in that place no one had ever heard of before was nothing but a churning meat grinder, grinding up the youth of America each and every day.  Saw it on the news.  In the newspapers.  Heard about it in the songs on the radio.  
1969.  The vaunted 60's were hurtling towards an abyss, strung together by withering ideals that were decaying rapidly, replaced by a reality leaning towards sluggish oblivion.  The Civil Rights Movement had been whacked by murders, then riots, resulting in an election that brought a President bent on a Southern Strategy adroitly exploiting fear.  Fear of crime.  Fear of the black man.  Fear of hippies.  Fear of fear itself.  It inculcated a feeling in the population, one that it was all coming apart at the seams.  Just look at the neighborhoods on fire around the nation.  Listen, you can hear it in song, sung by long haired types high on drugs.  Elementary propriety had been corrupted, replaced by festering anarchy.
Maurice sat in the chair while a man shaved his hair off, down to the stubble on his skull.  Then he was ordered out of the chair, replaced by a wise cracking white boy from who knows where, with hair down to his shoulders.  On the floor the strands of hair was almost ankle deep.  A line went out the door, appearing like human sheep there to be sheered.  
"Get your goat smellin' asses in a line!" the drill sergeant screamed, already red in the face, his mouth twisted into a mask of anger.  It had begun.  Boot camp would follow.  Weeks and weeks of dehumanizing orders, commands, insults comprising a confidence stealing regimen.  Hour after hour your sense of self was picked clean then replaced by a sinister group think, a shared barrier against doubt and corrosive second guessing.  All moving in one direction.
The inexorable current took you along as you bobbed on top of the surface, putting in here and there to learn new skills, ones that would allow you to survive another day, another night.  Might even bring you out the other end.  Might not.  Only one thing needed:  hate.  A burning laser like beam of animus directed at "Charlie."  Comes out at night.  Like a demon.  Almost invisible.  Blood red eyes.  Unmerciless.  Able to kill you, your whole platoon too.  Punji sticks you can't see.  RPG in your hooch while you tried to sleep among the building nightmares cued up ever night.  82mm mortar round landing right next to you.  Nothing but body parts seeping blood into the earth.  Satchel charge detonating while you dozed on the wire, letting combat weariness overtake you for a moment.  No need to call in a Medevac.  Too late, much, much too late for that.  You went to sleep in your barracks wondering what scenario your Drill was going to spring on you the next morning, what story line would he drum up and how your eventual demise will play out.
With jangled nerves, Maurice survived BCT and went on to AIT.  Another fort this or that but same story line.  More war prep.  This time, more selective, specialized.  He knew his designation.  His rank was immaterial.  His MOS crystallized his own personalized war effort:  11 Bravo.  He knew, like the others, that he was cannon fodder.  Wars in antiquity on up to modern times had always relied on ground level fighters, men (sometimes women) who were expected to advance the strategic agenda.  Real estate had to be captured, held, and not relinquished.  The metrics of war were unexpectedly simple.  He was a rifleman.  Flesh and blood with a tiny instrument of war in his hands, so it might have been written up in any hand book the Army cared to distribute.  The M-16 to be precise, a rifle so maligned that even Congress had at one time raised objections about its effectiveness.  "Squirrelly as hell," an instructor had once said in a moment of honesty, his assessment definitely not sanctioned by the brass.  The failure rate was so high that it caused alarm bells up and down the chain of command on more than one occasion, resulting in an official correction to the training schedule, leaving the troops to be taught how to clean their weapon with religious zeal, in the dark, in their sleep, all the time.  Still, jammed breaches caused an unknown number of deaths in combat, which were concealed from the public.
Yet, that was Viet Nam.  It was a yawning orgasm of absurdity that made satire seem normal.  Year after year of false reports, greasy excuses, screwy rationales, all to make the insane enterprise keep revolving.  Glorious and almost satanic fire power, purchased by the unsuspecting tax payer, peppered the landscape, leaving behind a destruction that inverted your sense of reality.  B-52's cruising above, dropping gargantuan amounts of bombs.  Napalm plopped down willy-nilly, leaving behind something that only Dante could describe.  Howitzer barrages.  Mortar rounds piercing the quiet.  Agent Orange seeping into everything, chemically nibbling at every square inch.  Mines just waiting to extract another person from the living.  Body counts being bandied about like some wartime fantasy league data.  
Maurice came home on leave, his last foothold until it was time to leave the real world behind and embark on his own personal trip to the unknown.  The only benchmark he knew was his departure date.  Like all the others, he only hoped it wasn't a one way ticket.  
"Oh my god, just look at you," his mother cried out upon seeing him in his uniform, unable to believe her eyes.  They hugged for a very long time, as his father hovered around them, uncharacteristically speechless for the moment.  His sister sat at the kitchen table almost glaring at him, now, like many in the country, skeptical about the war and suspicious of anyone participating in it.  She had been edging towards the siren call of Black Power for some time and had even attended an H. Rap Brown speech not two weeks before.
 The nation was now split about the war effort, half no longer believing the laughable characterization the government was peddling.  The other half still clinging to a decaying patriotism that demanded fealty to a preposterous construct, one that said all was well and America was standing guard against the menace that was Communism.  More and more weren't so sure anymore.  After Tet, in 68, where the Viet Cong quite nearly wrested the country back from the "imperialist invaders," staging battles here, there, and everywhere around South Viet Nam, catching a slumbering giant asleep, almost powerless, a long standing national zeitgeist began to crumble.  Not the good guys.  Not any more.
It was a gut punch to the Pentagon.  Even though the Tet Offensive wasn't successful, not militarily anyway, the proverbial writing was scribbled on the wall.  All of America's technological advantage didn't mean squat when up against a nationalistic fervor so potent it gnawed away at military superiority like some supernatural termite eating away at a rotten foundation.  Confidence shaken, the national mood soured as it inexorably headed towards the unthinkable:  Defeat.  Korea might have been an unsatisfying tie but Viet Nam was looking more and more like what most didn't want to contemplate.  Declare victory and go home, someone joked, putting an exclamation point on the level of ludicrousness so prevalent within the scope of the war effort.
Maurice wasn't thinking about any of this.  There wasn't any time for intellectualizing.  He, now, was a representative of the Viet Nam war.  Weeks and weeks had gone into his training, prepping him to kill and, hopefully, not be killed.  That was his immediate axis.  Taking a life to save his life.  Very simplistic.  Elementary even.  Black-white.  Up-down,  In-out.  Fast-slow.  Live-die.  There was only one rubric, really.  A solitary calculus that defined his future for the next year in Country, away from the World, immersed in the swirling madness of war.
"You just a tool of the imperialists now," his sister sneered at him.
"Hush now, child," his mother chastised, shaking her finger at her daughter.  "No need for any of that here.  Not in my house."
"'Nother baby killer, momma, you okay with that?" she shot back, glaring at her brother.  "Look at him...in his uniform...'nother dumb ass nigger fighting for the man.  No black man should be killin' any yellow man."
"I won't have this," the pastor bellowed out, shaking his fists.  "We should pray for your brother...pray that he returns to us safe and-"
"God ain't gonna do nuthin' about this," she scoffed, laughing.  
"It's okay, momma, dad, she doesn't understand anything right now.  Too young," he told his parents, smiling weakly at his sister.
He didn't understand anything either, just that he had been trained and would be soon in route to apply his skills to the task at hand.  Off to a foreign country thousands of miles away, one harboring the enemy, the fabled land of phantoms that were going to stealthily take your life.  
"Boy, you been brainwashed, that's all," his sister continued, trying not to smile.  "Pitiful," she muttered, retreating to her bedroom, momentarily mystified by the closeness of the war penetrating her home.  So close.  So personal.  Her older brother might not return, dying in a land whipped sawed by geo-political machinations that invariably trickled down to the individual and the family.  Her family.  
The Big Red One of fame and infamy, having burnished its reputation in several wars, an infantry unit juggernaut that got results, was waiting for him.  They had invaded Sicily.  They had invaded Normandy.  First wave, right into the teeth of the German barrage of fire on that beach.  A storied history that wanted to make you proud.  Continue the tradition.  Carry on.  Wear that distinctive patch with pride.  
It was all injected into the soldier's psyche, bringing a reflexive Corps de Sprit to life in your mind.  Almost every regiment in the Army, the Navy, the Marines were desirous of a bigger than life reputation, a history to lean on.  The less than subtle propaganda seeped into his consciousness. Not unlike being on a winning football team.  Regiment.  Battalion.  Company.  Platoon.  Squad.  It was all linked by a lifeline of shared belief, like a pulsating tempo, one that linked the individual with the group.  
Only it didn't.  No amount of regimentation was going to replace the odd staccato of the Viet Nam war effort.  By the late 60's troop deployment had lost any semblance of cohesion.  Troops didn't train and fight together any longer.  Because of the porous nature of draft deferments and the declining rate of volunteerism the soldier was more and more becoming nothing but a temp worker, assigned to a designated location regardless of links to any specific unit.  "Don't you know?  You nothing but a hired gun," a sergeant had said to him his first day in Country, as he passed quickly through the mockingly stupid orientation session, a weak attempt at preparing him for fighting a war in a foreign (weird) country.  Right down to the alarmingly vivid warning about the omniscient presence of VD.  
Then it was off to war.
Nervous, looking so conspicuous in his fresh fatigues that were so green, yet to succumb to the filth and the sun, he sat in the back of the Deuce and a Half truck.  Waiting.  Transport.  Over roads crowded with "them."  Coming and going.  Both sides of the road.  Bicycles.  Carts.  It was almost too much stimuli to take in.  Right in the midst of the enemy so it seemed.  Chattering.  Chattering.  That strange language.  Rapid.  Sing song.  What were they saying? rang in his mind.  Slowly the truck filled up.  More.  He slid down the bench a little further.  
Orders had been cut.  Issued.  He had no idea where he was going.  Hotter than Atlanta, bounced around in his head.  Humid.  Used to that.  Another black man got on the truck.  They nodded at each other.  Two freshly minted PFC's.  At the bottom.  Ranks stacked above them.  Some you had to salute.
"Where you from, man?" he asked.
"Atlanta."
"Detroit."
Conversations around him were muted.  He noticed several soldiers to his right weren't wearing new uniforms.  They seemed to be staring into the middle distance.  Somewhere.  Mental consternation had fashioned their vision into a detached acuity.  Another day.  More absurdity, ripe with danger.  Ho hum.  
He noticed a steady stream of adrenaline seemed to be finally ebbing in his body.  Relax, he told himself.  Stay alert though.  You were always behind enemy lines, so said one of his drill sergeants, a man who had served two tours in Nam.  He was a cracker from Alabama.  Part of his right ear had been shot off in a fire fight somewhere in the bowels of III Corps.  Wrapped a combat bandage around his head and kept on fighting.  He was kind of crazy.  Maybe sadistic.  No racial animus though.  He busted everybody's ass during training.  Might. Save. Your. Life. One. Day.  "Write that on your soul," he was fond of saying, not without a laugh.
Maurice had been assigned to a rifle squad.  "Hey, Cherry, hope you like "slicks," an LT had told him when he finally got to where he was going, a piece of land wedged in between "armpit" and "ass hole."  So the LT like to refer to it as.  He was now a part of one of the many air assault teams that were bringing the war to the VC and NVA.  
Viet Nam not only ran on rumors and a well nurtured theater of the absurd but on helicopters.  Here.  There.  Everywhere.  Supplies.  MedEvacs.  Personnel.  Intel.  Nothing moved without the noisy beasts being involved.  Thousands filled the sky on any given day.  Though deceptively fragile they were nevertheless the work horse of the war, a peculiarity that kept Generals up at night.  A well placed fusillade of rifle fire could bring one down, making Swiss cheese of the cockpit, cabin, tail boom, and especially the tail rotor, leaving the aircraft to spin around and around uncontrollably.  Building your enterprise of war on such a ripe target made absolutely no military sense.  Think the brutish nature of tanks, all armored up as they spit out smoking ordnance near and far, creating panic and fear equally.  Very World War II.  Viet Nam, didn't apply.  
Arriving at a battle field in a helicopter, particularly a mature one mid-battle, was akin to arriving on a horse.  Only worse.  Having a birds eye glimpse of your potential demise doesn't instill much confidence.  Imagine how a wild duck or goose feels when it tries to glide in for a landing on a nice, placid lake and a group of eager hunters are waiting in their comfy blinds, shot guns cocked.  Yeah. 
He would get intimately familiar soon enough with the interior of the Huey, the  helicopter that was the backbone of the war in Viet Nam.   With the throbbing beat of the rotors providing the soundtrack to the war, an atavistic drum beat that penetrated to your soul, it  lumbered through the air, ever prepared for touch downs and, of course, take offs.  Dust offs, if you wanted to speak the parlance of the pilots, the true stars of the Viet Nam war effort.  They were, to a man, foolhardy, but brave as hell, able to steel their nerves as they dropped into hot LZ's and complete their mission.  The entire war outlook depended on them.
Maurice fought back mounting fear every time he hopped aboard one of the helicopters, knowing in a very short time the chances of his surviving another combat assault had diminished considerably.  His first time going in he had closed his eyes and tried to think about anything but the potential clusterfuck of intertwined fates sketching out any and all probability.  Not dying took on a premium of hope that even fervent prayer couldn't alter.  All of his concentrated infantry training, hour after hour of mentally (and emotionally) digesting combat protocol didn't mean shit.   Not when the moment of truth arrived and you were up against it.  
Cabin doors slid open.  Hot, hot humid air tickling your face.  Crew chief fussing over some smoke grenades, then barking out an order to the door gunner, who grins and shrugs.  Radio babble on the radio, with the pilot fingering the controls, while the door gunner does a final check on the ammo belt spooling out of the M60 as he traded banter with the co-pilot about the last time they came in hot.  Don't want to hear that, you thought, opening your eyes to check on the soldiers in your squad, the guys you just met not a week before.  One of them, the guy from Oklahoma, is grinning back at you, nodding his head as if to say:  "Hell yeah, Charlie's gonna git some today."  He noticed he was still chewing tobacco, spitting out long, brown streams all over the skids.  You close your eyes again.  This.  Is.  Not.  Happening.  
The Huey banks sharply, as the M60 goes off beside you, sending out a torrent of rounds that dance across the ground below, up to seven hundred rounds per minute, a cascading stream of screeching horror.  The door gunner is actually whooping as he pulls the trigger.  He remembers back in AIT training seeing what the M60 could do as they practiced peppering a junk car on the range.  The rounds pierced the metal like it was soft butter, leaving gaping holes, as the instructor yelled out:  "Just imagine what that can do the human body!"  He had been impressed by the sheer level of destruction.  It was a marvel of simple physics and modern weaponry.  
"Ready up!" your sergeant yells out, adding "lock and load, its gonna get interesting now."  He was from West Virginia and had intentionally left college just so he could see what the war was all about.  Been in Country for ten months.  Received one battle field promotion because of his bravery, or, as he liked to call it, stupidity.  "Too damn dumb to know better," he liked to say, laughing.  For him, war was just another extension of adventure.  Morals, political proclamations, historical markers, didn't register with him.  "Don't give a fuck," he had told him the second night, arriving in his hooch to check in with the "nubee," another life he had to worry about.  "Listen to what I tell you to do and we'll get out of here in one piece," he had told him, smiling.  
Now he was tapping him on the shoulder, holding his head close to his and saying:  "Baptism time."  He quickly checked Maurice's M16, then slapped him on the shoulder and grinned.  "Listen, gotta hit the ground runnin' and don't stop until you see me stop.  Got that?"  Maurice nodded yes and tried to smile, non-chalant, no problem, just another day in combat hell.  
"Looks like you got a welcoming committee waiting for you," the Aircraft Commander called out as he maneuvered the Huey into position.  Then suddenly they were descending, like an elevator dropping floor after floor, after floor.  Dust flew up from the rotor wash.  Before Maurice realized he was out the door and running, running as fast as he had ever run before, faster than when the police had once chased him down an alley when they were trying to catch him for selling drugs on the street.  The whole squad seemed to disappear into the maelstrom of swirling dirt.  Something flew over his head, close, and then there was an explosion.  He could feel a wave of heat almost envelope him.  He ran on.  And on.  Finally sliding down the embankment of the landing zone.  Behind him the helicopter had already lifted off.  Another Huey appeared and spat out some cover fire.  His ears were ringing.  He felt disoriented and seemed to be fighting for breath as the rush of adrenaline coursed through his blood stream.
"Fucking A!" someone yelled out.  "The recruiter never told me it would be this much fun," he joked, quickly changing the magazine on his rifle.  
"How we doin'?  Everyone okay?" the sergeant wanted to know, glancing his way for a moment and nodding.
Maurice tried to swallow but his throat was too dry.  Then he noticed he hadn't fired off any rounds.  None.  The M16 was stone cold.  He was just concentrating on running, running to safety.  As quickly as it had started it seemed to stop.  Charlie had just melted away, back into...into thin air.  It was his first experience fighting against an enemy whose best attribute was being a ghost.  Always striving to prosecute a war on their terms, or so said one of his commanders, not without a trace of admiration. 
This was his real welcome to Viet Nam.  No laughable short film about what to do and not to do.  Training in whatever form never quite prepared you.  All those live round exercises didn't come close, however realistic.  Didn't measure up,  There was no accounting for the sheer diabolical power of unmitigated fear.  It welled up in you, in your body and mind, strafing your very raw sense of striving to survive.   
Finally, his panting was dissipating.  He tilted his helmet back and wiped some sweat off his brow.  A gun ship overhead is still peppering the ground with machine gun fire.  Then they are gone, leaving behind a faint resonance as the omnipresent thrumming rotor noise dies away.  An uneasy quiet descends around you and then you realize you can actually hear your heart beating away; at least you think you do.
"Gotta hump some ways to the ville," you hear the Sergeant call out, which is received by a chorus of groans.  "Bunch of lazy ass fucks!" he mocks, laughing.
"Tactical five, dumb ass," one of them scolds Maurice, making a face to let him know he doesn't appreciate his very existence.  Maurice remembers him from the night before when he told him not to "fuck up his mojo," jabbing his finger in his chest.  It's his first hint that this war, in the twilight world of reason that is Viet Nam, runs on superstition.  Do your tour.  Count down the months, days, hours, minutes, even seconds until which time the magic hour arrives and you can return to the World.  A year of your miserable life is, essentially, on life support.  Don't need no detours.  Nobody to fuck up your fate or add to the heavy load of avoiding the wrong fate.  
"Leave him alone," one of the others yells out.  "When God's done with you ain't nothing going to matter anyway, shit for brains."
"Fuck off, Moreno, no FNG is gonna fuck it up for me with their dumb ass shit," he yells back, turning to eye Maurice again.
The squad falls in behind the Sergeant.  Military strategy works in the background as the battle plan unfolds, mostly unbeknownst to him.  Another operation with an improbable name, birthed at command somewhere, falling out of the sky like some warped scripture.  Just that month the KIA count in Country has exceeded the deaths in the Korean War.  Back home, back in the World, people are grappling with a cultural disturbance, a benign shedding of norms, while over here they are trying not to add to the climbing body count.  Unless, of course, you want to count those others, the ones Maurice is in route to, you know, take off the battle field.  Like with so much of the military, it is a tidy way of saying kill. 
He checks and rechecks the mag on his rifle, the one he has yet to fire in combat.  All those hours spent on the firing range doesn't count for shit, really.  Hitting a silhouette in a human form is meaningless.  Down goes the target.  More brass to clean up afterwards.  Clean your rifle.  It was all preposterous.  He saw that now.  Up close.  Seeing that it was sterile.  Removed.  A totally artificial experience.  Soon, he sensed, he was going to have to take the next step in the unfolding process.
"Hold up," the Sergeant calls out, raising up his hand.  Maurice froze, expecting the worst.  Then he realized the Sergeant was only checking a co ordinance for a minute.  He fidgeted, quickly readjusting his web belt.  Sweat was dribbling down his spine, pooling in the small of his back.  Moving again.
"Fuckin' A!" he hears someone call out, pointing.
"Damn, ain't no ville anymore," another exclaims, shaking his head.
Maurice turns to look where everyone is looking to see a hellscape of blackened residue.   A wilting inferno, still smoldering.  He knows what he is seeing is napalm, the end result.  Several bodies are strewn around the area, skin melted away by the chemical sludge.  Men.  Women.  Livestock.  And a small girl, head intact, eyes still open, taking one last look at the world she once knew.
"Ordinance from God," someone sings out, marveling at the sheer destruction of applied explosions.
"Ordnance, dumb fuck, unless you've gone all theological on us," the Sergeant corrects, as the others laugh.
"Funny, Sarge, very funny," he shouts back.
"Time to clean up," the Sergeant orders.
Like rummaging through hell, Maurice thinks, wondering just how his father would face this, this manifestation of God's will.  Would there be a particular scripture to assuage any group guilt that might arise?  More than one that is applicable?  Cross over from Old Testament to New?  He thought his father could rise to the occasion.  The Bible was an all purpose document, able to provide a backdrop to any number of questionable scenarios.  Had been doing it for centuries.  
A dying water buffalo is dispatched quickly.  A mercy killing with the M16 on rock and roll.  "Poor guy," he hears one of them say about the animal.  "Damn, you work like hell in the patties every day then you get barbecued from the sky.  Now that is fucked up."  
A couple planes streak by overhead and everyone looks up, watching as they disappear in the distance.  Maurice wonders what was so strategic about the village that it had to be perfectly eliminated.  Maybe, he hopes, it was just a mistake.  Wrong place.  Who would, who could bring on this small scale holocaust?  Such wanton fury.  A fiery destruction that hurt your mind to think about. 
"Nubee gonna puke," someone yells out, as Maurice heaves onto the barren and blackened ground.
"Told you, pay up," another shouts, holding out his hand, palm up.  

It was only the beginning.  Long days passed.  Nights of trepidation too.  Your mind had to readjust, continually, even though the sameness was routine despite the almost kaleidoscopic amount of atrocity occurring every day.  He too lent a hand to the unfolding nightmare.  More operations followed, big and small, all in an effort to chip away at the enemy's resolve.  Sometimes it felt as if they were being given orders for the sole purpose of rearranging geography, plots of real estate that held little to no value.  Like doling out punishment that was totally ineffective.  Nothing made any sense.  Logic had been extinguished, left to wither and blow away.  Orders came down.  Again.  And again.  Myth of Sisyphus type of nonsense.
The boundaries of absurdity had been stretched tight.  Taught.  Leaving little if any room for reason.  Viet Nam, the concept if not the country, was metamorphosing into a brittle charade, one that scoured out any residue of normalcy.  Still it staggered along, a juggernaut of the bizarre that was married to governmental decree handed down by beyond expiration date geo-political doctrines.
"How ya liking all this acute pointlessness?" he asked him one day, just another twenty-four hours in his own personal countdown to the end.  Maurice looked at him, the man holding the ball point pen and small notepad, and laughed.  It was funny, funny in that visceral way that tears at the boundaries of humor.  Another journalist.  They showed up at the fire support bases.  Like a bad rash.  Hopping rides on the Hueys.  Wearing makeshift combat gear to go along with their eager career ambition.  Didn't have to be there.  No one cut orders for them.  Weren't drafted.  Not there to stop the communist advance through Indo-China and beyond.  Unarmed.  Just protected by a vague sense of sacrosanct reporting.
Most of the grunts admired them for being there, while they quietly thought they were insane.  A good insane.  Brave in a way.  Bullets weren't going to respect any journalistic creed.  Death wasn't selective.  Everyone died out there.  Just another layer of the war, proving that all the words, paragraphs, photographs, confessions, memoirs weren't going to ever explain away what had occurred.
Later, after enduring the madness and returning home, Maurice would only read one book about Nam, written by a journalist he had met along the way.  Why read anything, he reasoned?  He had lived it.  But this guy was there and he remembered him so he wanted to know what his take had been on the cavalcade of absurdity.  Right there in the very first paragraph of his book it all seemed to be summed up:  Combat has a knack for putting a fine point on destiny. Legacy is established and eliminated daily during war.  Just so, Maurice agreed.  
Eleven months in, Maurice now had that vacant stare to go along with his faded uniform.  He had scribbled a peace sign on the back of his helmet, a macabre mocking of his daily actions, where he continued to jump off Hueys and charge into another battle.  Scenes of carnage flowed through his dreams at night, leaving him with little restful sleep.  
His original squad were gone.  In one way or another.  Sergeant:  like he said, he made it back to West Virginia.  One or two left on a Medevac, out and away from the madness.  Several KIA.  More rotated in.  Some old hands like himself were just moved around on the war board, another warm body plugged into the fray.  New Sergeant, a ninety day wonder who didn't know what he didn't know.  A leadership vacuum had long ago gone past critical in Nam.  The war was now running on auto.  The large, vast killing machine had created a momentum all its own.
The "slick" lifted off and flew low for a few hundred yards before gaining altitude.  Maurice sat next to the crew chief and traded small talk while he set up the M60.  He was a red neck from Texas, so he had told him, grinning.  The color barrier had long since stop having any traction in his mind.  Every color was dying out there, making it immaterial, suspended, left irrelevant.  
"I'm one short mutterfucker," he announced, checking the belt feeding into the gun.  "Don't want no fuck ups on this operation what ever they are calling it.  Keep it clean.  Precise," he stated, drawing a look from the co-pilot, who agreed.  
Maurice nodded, thinking about the time he had left in Country, not wanting to put a date on it for fear of disturbing fate.  Everyone there was silently counting down the hours, the minutes until they got back to the World.  Not that most of them even knew what civilization was any more.  Not really.  Life as they knew it would never be the same.  All of your touchstones that had been cultivated before you arrived had been mostly expunged by the experience, left dormant, probably to never gain any traction in your mind ever again.  It was a psychological vice that tended to squeeze everything, compress it until which time it became insignificant.   
Glancing to his left, Maurice looked at the FNG, the fucking new guy in the squad, remembering when it had been his first time on combat assault.  His uniform was so clean he looked as if he might be from a different army, maybe a foreign ally there to pitch in.  You put substantial roadblocks up in your mind but sometimes you couldn't help wonder who was next.  Time's up.  Over.  Dead in a horrible place, just another stain in the dirt.  A statistic.  Years later your name would be up on a ridiculous wall, something to encapsulate the nation's responsibility for a stupendously idiotic exercise in futility.  Yet, you didn't contemplate any of that.  Your mind slipped back into a hazy focus, almost letting mental muscle memory take over, where survival took precedence and your speed and skill with a rifle might just enable you to beat fate, again.
The usual chatter on the radio.  Hot air flowing in.  Contagious nervousness seeping into the cabin, beat back by steely resignation, a mythological charade where you, the individual, are going to succeed eventually.   Of course you weren't because there was no measure of success.  Only drawing more breath.  For another day.  Week.  Month.
As they came in he could see the red smoke rising off the LZ.  Maurice was out first.  Long ago his instinct had told him the VC were more interested in bringing down the Huey than killing him.  Not then.  Later.  He fired off an entire magazine as he scrambled to relative safety.  
A barrage of rifle fire danced around the Huey.  The Texan took a round right in the face and he fell back, letting the M60 droop in his hands.  The rest of the squad had made it out and were furiously returning fire.  Then Maurice noticed the "cherry" was still on board, frozen with fear, gripping his M16 in front of him as if it might ward off the incoming fire.  
Courage wasn't something you could instill through training.  It was amorphous.  With no discernible metrics.  Circumstances dictated parameters.  Results.  Before he realized, Maurice was hurrying back to the Huey and trying to get the "cherry" off.  Just as he reached far enough to latch onto the skid an explosion knocked him face down.  A B-40 rocket slammed into the cockpit area, rocking the Huey over on its side.  Pieces of the rotor spun wildly through the air, killing one rifle squad member instantly, cleaving him in half. The ensuing fire fight lasted another ten minutes, before being extinguished by a "hog" Huey above that leveled the surrounding area with machine gun fire.        
Maurice woke up in a mash unit.  Miraculously, he had survived, left with a badly injured leg and a resounding concussion.  Along with his Purple Heart souvenir he would take home a life long limp.   

Back in Vine City.  Maurice had been separated from the service.  With a medal to show for his time, that and sporadic visits to the Atlanta VA for treatment, another mind bending exercise in a hall of mirrors that only a failing bureaucracy can provide.  Lost records.  Disinterested doctors.  Nasty nurses.  Waits.  Waits.  Waits.  
Being a resident back in the World meant another adjustment, like a rusting ship being re commissioned, or so said a navy vet Maurice had befriended at the VA.  He too had been discharged, honorably, with vestigial shrapnel lodged in his back for, for ever.  Several teams of doctors had turned their noses up at the removal of the "foreign material," or so said the medical record.  Doctor's decision.  No other explanation needed.  Patient given meds.  Future appointment noted.
Maurice's life was now bracketed by med-speak, along with contraindicated medications that no one bothered to correct.  Chunks of time were spent in VA waiting rooms looking at tired staff and equally tired decor, tattered and broken, literally.  All of the military budget was being sucked up by corporations providing the innards that went into actually implementing the war.  Once home, veterans were an after thought, lost to a maze of disquieting circumstances.  Hated.  Reviled.  Pitied.  Feared.  Mostly forgotten.
Most vets slinked into a nether world of amnesia.  What happened didn't actually happen.  Viet Nam?  Don't know.  Don't care.  Not responsible.  Is that still going on over there?  Maurice quickly developed an incognito attitude.  Days spent at the VA morphed into nights on the streets as a different person, another persona to slip on when needed.  He had almost immediately grown tired of people shrinking away from him when they discovered he had been over there, to Nam, that place where babies were being killed.  Ex convicts had it better, so he thought.  America didn't like to face the manifestation of its collective will.  Besides, the war being waged was being lost and they really didn't like losers.  The win column mattered the most,  a sliding scale of morality be damned.
Didn't take long.  Maurice took to the streets, even though his parents tried to marshal all of the power of the Word to ease him back into a serviceable transition.  His sister even lowered her radical, militant resolve on occasion to offer up sympathy.  He knew though.  Maurice could see that she was only accepting the narrative that he had been a victim of the "Man."  Gullible.  Beaten down.  Yes, Uncle Tom.  It was a white man's war against the yellow man.  Blacks shouldn't be participating in a beat down of another minority.  "They took you, brother Maurice," she liked to say in that cryptic tone she used when she was trying to convey the plight of the black man and its inherent awfulness.  He only smiled weakly at the thought, knowing that Viet Nam with all of its fallacies and untruths was more than just a racial hiccup in history.  No.  It was something almost undefinable, lost to shifting motivations, sheer greed, and malleable intent.  
With alienation came drugs, both off the street and prescribed.  No one called it PTSD then.  The aftermath of combat was a vacant space untouched by the medical field for the most part.  Attempts after other wars had been spotty, and unsuccessful.  Label it.  Then obfuscate.  Bury.  No last rites, please.  
Maurice drifted downward.  Limping along.  Not only figuratively.  He could be seen around the street corners at "the Bluff," easily recognized by his jerky gait.  Sporadic visits for physical therapy proved to him and the staff, that he would never walk normal again.  He grew to hate his left shoe, the one that was perpetually worn down because of the way he stepped.  Anger  festered in him, deeply embedded in his thoughts.  His parents began to fight their mounting fear of him because of his sometimes violent outbursts.  
An impromptu intervention, attended by his parents, sister, and inexplicably a guy from the Black Panthers, cornered him in his room.  Like a caged rat, Maurice lashed out at them, overwhelmed by the down slide of his last hit of smack.  Irritable.  Nauseous.  With a wailing headache.  
"Maurice, we've decided to send you up to Cincinnati to stay with Uncle Portis," so his mother informed him, wringing her hands in front of her, fearing what the response would be from her son.
"We prayed on it, son," his father chimed in.
"Gotta do it, Mo," his sister added grimly, shaking her head yes, while the Black Panther looked on, blocking the doorway.
"I do, huh," he offered, rubbing the sides of his head with both hands.
"We want you to get better...that's all," his mother continued.  "Up there I think they can help you out.  Better than we can."
He stared at his mother for a moment, then said, "I don't know nuthin' about any Cincinnati."
"It's a good place for you to go to," his father said, Bible in hand, as usual.
"Gotta get you off that junk, Mo.  You gotta do that," his sister stated.  
He felt sick, sick in that way when emotion has become toxic.  His last fix had been the day before and he was rapidly sliding over the ledge, falling, descending into the abyss.  Soon he would be shaking uncontrollably, locked into an expansive, violent shivering.  Got to get back on the street he thought, willing his mind to focus.
"Not gonna happen," he announced, standing up, unsteady on his feet for a moment.  "I gotta go.  Now."
Then he was flailing, swinging wildly.  He was being held down.  Voices were glancing off his comprehension, all competing to be heard.  Someone was holding his arms behind him.  A jagged memory of scripture penetrated the melee of conversation.  His father was holding the Bible against his forehead.  Strong hands had a grip on him, squeezing tighter.  High pitched female voices offered conflicting tones of comfort.  A shy blackness crept across his vision.  Unconsciousness brought spasms of tranquility.


Chapter 2  Queen City

His Aunt Dellie, a formidable woman, known on the West Side as an unmovable force, called out from the kitchen.  An almost hostile aroma seeped into his room, greasy and persistent. Bacon.  Biscuits.  Gravy.  Eggs, of course.  Over easy.  It was another day in his recovery.  "Maurice!  Ain't gonna call you again, boy.  Get it now or go hungry."  Her voice danced through the room, reverberating.  He knew Uncle Portis would have gone off to work by now.  Up early.  Every day but Sunday.  
As usual, a restless dissonance played continually in his mind, only interrupted by memory gremlins popping up here and there, tiny braying vignettes of displaced and macabre scenes.  They dangled in his dreams at times, while other times they would invade his waking hours, pushing their way into his daily life.  He fought back but most times surrendered and withdrew into himself, into his own devised mental world.  Like checking out.  Maybe wearing a blindfold.  Better, being temporarily blind.  Just shut it all down.
There were no longer any drugs to aid in his retreats from the perpetual onslaught.  His Aunt and Uncle had made sure of that, weaning him off with draconian discipline.  Punishment came swift, unforgiving.  At one point they had locked him away in his room for weeks.  His pleading and banging on the door went unheard.  Slowly, he regained his former self, the physically clean and fit specimen the Army had crafted.  
Psychologically, he was still struggling.  Almost daily.  Trips to the VA continued.  PT improved his limp, dampening the stubborn pain.  Group therapy clawed away at his state of mind, even though at times the sessions only proved to reopen and abride old wounds.  Around him in the circle of fellow Vets he felt alienated, further depressing him, as it fleshed out his mounting despair.  Even with others who had witnessed it all he didn't connect.  Each war experience started and ended with the individual, so he believed.  Group redemption couldn't reach deep into the recesses of his guilt, his need to atone.  It only repackaged it into a temporary palliative salve.  Later, he would be alone again to face off against the apparitions lurking, ready to pounce.
It was a 3D existence:  dysphoria, despair, and depression, when your mind seems to creak under the weight of having to deal with another twenty-four hours.  You, the individual, are essentially broken, no longer able to metabolize emotions.  The rapacity of war's aftermath blocks all hopes of any solace.  Maurice had secretly longed for a change of scenery and wondered if a new city might offer a refuge of some sort.
Cincinnati was different from his Atlanta, but only marginally.  There was a mighty river nearby and the city had a charm that gave off a vague whiff of European atmosphere.  His view of the city mostly consisted of West End, one of the many neighborhoods that made up the infrastructure of the town.  Maurice knew nothing of the affluent perch called Indian Hill or even the impossibly steep inclines of MT. Adams.  Cincy was a municipality that once had "Black Laws" on the books, duly enforced, which limited black people's movement.  Odd, since many of the black residents had fled slavery and washed up (sometimes literally) on the city's doorstep.  The underground railroad functioned there, depositing slaves on the run into the city streets.  Yet discrimination flourished, leaving the Black population to retreat to places like Avondale and the West End.  
Riots came during 1967 on through 1968, scorching neighborhoods as the Police Department fought back.  Spasms of hate were unleashed throughout the city, pent up anger fueling the spontaneous upheaval. Police patrolled toting shot guns, while the National Guard was called in to man check points.  The Cincinnati Fire Department went on over a hundred arson calls as the city burned.  
A few years later Cincinnati, his new home, was still scarred, as the opposing sides returned to their corners and licked their wounds.  Aunt Dellie and Uncle Portis survived, managing to keep their children out of harms way, out of the clutches of the police.  It took months, years even for the hate that had been so ingrained by historical circumstance to subside.  Now they were again called to assist another relative, to shepherd him through his own personal turmoil.  
Maurice settled into the routine his Aunt and Uncle established for him.  At first, it was difficult.  Since leaving the service he had built up a strong, resilient defiance against authority, viewing it as the source of all of his problems.  "No mo' telling me what to do!" he often shouted at, in his eyes, new jailers.  Shouting matches were ignited almost daily for the first few months.  Unfortunately for him, they were steadfast in their belief that there was a "good person" buried inside him.  They had led their own children through the obstacle course out there on the streets, leading them to live productive lives as they landed jobs and started families.  It could be done and often on your own terms.  Even though Maurice was skeptical of the fable they were telling he knew he had to find something, anything.
In time, he gained a fragile equilibrium and began his ascent out and away from the crevasse that called out to him.  The therapy at the VA began to gain traction.  He befriended several of the other veterans and together they bonded as only former warriors can.  One of his new friends, a sailor who had been on the swift boats operating on the Mekong, was instrumental in getting him a job working with his relative.  Punching a time clock worked to establish parameters he could exist within, a defined existence that was pared down and easily maneuvered through. 
They shared memories of Nam, gingerly negotiating around events that might cause any mental flare ups.  He too had seen it, witnessed the organized evisceration that created a cascading series of personals events.  Lost friends.  Eye to eye with lives that expired as you watched.  Their names were buried in the recesses of your brain, ensconced by repressed regret but kept almost in pristine condition for later use.  
Years later, he would ask Maurice if he wanted to take a trip to see the Viet Nam War memorial site.  To pay tribute to their fallen comrades in arms.  Maybe expunge any lingering effects.  No.  No need to unearth ghosts, he told him.  Honorable deaths aside, Maurice didn't feel the need to run his fingers across the names etched in the stone wall erected on a field in Washington DC.  Memorials, to him, seemed ghoulish, even disrespectful in a way.  His own personal recovery didn't depend on doing any thing like that.   
Memories, incisive thoughts, had been dampened, reduced to fluttering images that were becoming more and more out of focus.  He seldom mentally flinched when he heard the name Viet Nam any more.  His wound had healed.  The slight limp continued but he grew to accept it, like having an accessory.  A diffident sliver of optimism peeked up from the horizon.
He couldn't imagine what they would think, the ones who had died in the maw of a war that made little to no sense.  Now their names were on display.  A list.  Proof that you had gone to war and died.  It was all warped bullshit by his way of thinking.  He too had almost died.  Unreliable fate had spared him.  And now was he expected to pay his respects to others who had lost out in the cruel selection of probability?  Ronny, his platoon mate, had been shot, cut down in an ambush by Charlie.  The ambush ended as swiftly as it had started, as Maurice scrambled to where Ronny had fallen.  Persistent blood percolated out of his neck while he struggled to say something.  He cradled his head in his hands, screaming out for the medic to help him.  
Ronny too was from Georgia.  Country boy, from a farm near the South Carolina state line.  Big ears.  Freckles.  Wiry.  Honey dripping accent.  Volunteered, out of duty to country.  Father had been in World War II, infantry as well.  "My people fought, always did, that's what we do," he had told Maurice that first day they met.  Maurice immediately imagined his ancestors fighting for the Confederacy.  War was war, the description, the justification, didn't matter all that much.  Despite this quirk of history, they bonded and became friends, even though Maurice couldn't imagine them ever being friends back in Georgia.  Their personal histories would never intersect back in the World.
No, he wouldn't be going to the nation's capital.  Seemed like a distasteful, weird road trip to make.  Ronny and all the others should rest in peace, as they say, he thought.  Dying in war, the very thought of it, made him uneasy, like all of God's infinite wisdom was wasted, maybe even a harsh joke played on mankind.  Best to let the past remain in another dimension, one that shouldn't be disturbed.  Last thing I need is to mess with my faith, he thought.  
His life was good.  Job.  Apartment.  Car even.  New friends.  Don't look back had become his mantra.  There was also someone new in his life.  


Her name was Netta.  From Louisville originally.  Two years older.  Big, wide smile.  Caramel colored skin.  Talkative.  
Maurice was walking down Liberty Avenue, actually returning from his father's old church.  Sunday service had just let out.  To his surprise, he had decided to go back to church, to rediscover what his father had always lectured him about when he was a kid.  After Nam, he thought nothing of God, believing religion was a charade, a mockery even.  He had fallen into the one half of veterans who returned from war turning their back on the spiritual hemisphere while the other half embraced theological sustenance.  His crossover came one day as he was passing his father's old church and stopped to stare at the facade for a moment.  The new pastor's name was on the front and the service times.  A colleague of his father's had taken up the mantle and the church continued to flourish.  
"It triggered something in me, I guess," he told his aunt, who instantly approved of his decision to attend a sermon.  
There she was.  Rear pew, right side.  She noticed him looking at her and smiled back at him.  Embarrassed, he looked away.  For three weeks he said nothing to her, unable to step out from his usual routine, fearing the worst if he somehow disturbed his restricted environment.
"You're Reverend Worth's boy aren't you?" she finally asked him one day after the Sunday service.  
He was flabbergasted.  One, because she spoke to him.  Two, because she knew of his father and who he was.  
"Yes, yes, that's me," he replied, trying to steady his response and not stammer as he wanted to appear composed, even non-chalant.  "You heard of my father before?"
    She nodded yes and smiled.  Netta knew of him, of his past.  Damaged, so the whispers went.  Crazy Nam vet.  Drug addict too and, you know, once a drug addict always a drug addict.  Rumors were never kind.  Preacher's boy gone all off in the head.  Even Jesus ain't gonna help that boy.  
She saw something in his eyes though.  Sadness, yes, but also a looming optimism to go along with a soul to be redeemed.  Sorrow needed guidance, which was something she could offer.  Although her mother told her:  "Girl, you don't need no spiritual project on your hands."  Her father was even less approving, judging Maurice to be nothing but trouble on down the road.
They began dating almost immediately.  In no time at all she was pregnant and then they were married, right in his father's former church, with his parents attending the wedding.  It all seemed like a miraculous turn of events, something of a minor blessed miracle.  Maurice had turned the corner, turning his back on his recent past.  



Chapter 3  Isiah

Baby boy, all 8 pounds and 2 ounces. Netta named him Isiah, choosing it from the Old Testament.  In Hebrew, it meant God is salvation.  Source of joy, as well as consternation and eventual suppressed sorrow.  Complications during childbirth made it difficult for Netta to ever have another child.  Put those disturbing thoughts on hold.  Pray on it.  Maybe in time. For now  they had a baby, a son.
Although both spouses were working, Maurice worried.  About his son remaining healthy.  About family finances.  About his mental stability.  About Netta's state of mind. About everything.  Netta was overjoyed.  Her maternal instincts kicked in.  Her parents hovered, eagerly accepting their roles as grandparents.  Their future seemed on track.  
Maurice and Netta's lives revolved around family life and the church.  At times, Maurice couldn't believe he was married and a father.  It didn't seem possible, even remotely realistic to believe that he had left behind that other version of himself.  It was neatly buried in a maze of dusty memories.  A trip back to Atlanta to visit with his parents didn't even jar open any malicious recidivism as he showed Netta around the old neighborhood, making stops at all the old haunts, the corners, seedy houses now in drastic disrepair, places where he had participated in his personal retreat from life.  
"Now that is some funky kinda place there," his wife announced, pointing, laughing at the thought that her husband might have spent some of his time there.
"Need to tear it on down," he stated, squinting in the sun as they drove by.
"You mean you're not going to stop," she teased, smiling at him.  
"I can feel the bad vibes all the way from here," he told here, pretending to shiver.
His life was on a good footing.  The visit with his parents and sister went well, with his sister long ago having abandoned her militant radicalism and embraced another life track in another mindset.  The Viet Nam war faded away, taking with it the battle cry of all of her former friends in the Black movement.  American society was busy absorbing her along with other waves of boomers moving inexorably towards the middle-class.  Hippies.  Yippies.  SDS.  SLA.  Panthers.  Weathermen.  The vaunted counterculture eventually succumbed to the atmospheric pressure of capitalism's siren call:  Bobby Seale wrote a cook book, Jerry Rubin became a millionaire investor, Abbie Hoffman, suicide after realizing he was, generally, irrelevant, Eldrige Cleaver, born again Christian.  Some were imprisoned.  Some disappeared or changed their names.  It was all, for the most part, an inglorious end for a movement that demanded attention and, to their credit, results.
Being swallowed whole or co opted by the system was painful.  Being ignored really hurt too.  The 1980's would usher in the era of self-interest and wholesale apathy.  More wars would come, resting contentedly on the horizon, ushered in by the ones who had been arguably victorious in the culture war.  Maurice wasn't paying attention by that time, lost to family travails and his quest to continue building a life.
Isiah traipsed through his early school years, perfectly attuned to his surroundings.  Popular.  Sports:  football and basketball.  Girl friends.  Average student, with no disciplinary problems.  Perfect son.  
Landing a scholarship to UC, Isiah stayed in Cincinnati after passing on a free ride to a college in Kentucky.  "Don't like the scene down here," he told his Dad as they were driving back up I75.  Maurice didn't ask him to elaborate, choosing to let his son make his own decision minus any sort of parental pressure.  He was just happy Isiah was going to college, something he  never had the opportunity to do, even though Netta had encouraged him to use his GI Bill benefits often enough that it became a point of contention, one of the few friction spots in their marriage.  "Like what I'm doin,' Netta," he would almost shout back at her when she brought up the subject.  "Just sayin," she would shoot back, frowning.  
He worked in a factory, one that would manage to stay in business through most all of the turbulent years of downsizing that enveloped the nation throughout the latter part of the 19th century, a mad rush to discard the American worker and their union price tag for dirt cheap overseas labor.  His ambition only extended so far. 

Isiah ran a 4.5 in the forty and felt disgusted with himself.  Tired legs.  Over training.  Different thoughts coursed through his mind as he saw the coach eye the stop watch in his hand.  Another coach called out for the time.  Then he jotted it down in a notebook.  On the field statistics mattered, was often the one determinant.  Size, of course, but speed was the holy grail of predictive data.  It turned a coach's head and made offenses go.  Slow and wide receiver were mutually exclusive, a warning sign.  He had been blowing by cornerbacks for years now, starting when he was in middle school. The coach motioned for him to do it again. 
Freshman year.  Practice.  Hot.  Humid.  With an almost perpetual fear that he was going to not measure up, not be good enough.  Now, on that practice field on the University of Cincinnati campus, he was slowly discovering that he was no longer the fastest.  There were other guys there from all over the country.  On scholarship too.  Talented.  Skilled.  Hungry.  He tamped down his nervousness and hoped for a better result.
For a very long time he had wanted to actually be a Bearcat, having worn jerseys, hats, even socks every since he was a little kid.  UC paraphernalia littered his bedroom, to include posters and even a UC rug emblazoned with the distinctive bear paw logo.  
It was only a few weeks in when he learned that he would be red shirted.  It came as a blow not only to his ego but to his life long plans.  At no time did he not think he was going to be a starter and eventually a star.  Other players were more experienced.  Better.  Stronger.  Faster.  Coming from programs around the country that featured a more pro passing style offense.  He was at a disadvantage in many ways.  No amount of sentimental feelings about him being a hometown boy surfaced.  It was all about production and potential, and, naturally, winning.  
The coach had called him into his office to explain the decision.  Even though he assured Isiah that it was only to extend his eligibility and wouldn't affect his scholarship status, he took it to mean he wasn't good enough.  Not now.  Maybe not ever.  He had heard the stories about players being shelved then eventually abandoned, let go.  Sure some suffered an injury and it was prudent to let them rehab but in his situation it seemed he was being kept on for other reasons, like they were hoping he might develop into something that he currently wasn't.  He fought back tears and left the coach's office, walking away in a daze, momentarily unable to process what had just happened.  He could feel all of his stored confidence ebb away, built up after an athletic career that included trophies and honors that filled a display case in his parent's living room.  He had always been the best.  
He was just eighteen.  His life had been centered around football, almost to exclusion of everything else.  Success seemed assured, certain.  How had he gone from a can't miss prospect to uncertainty.  It didn't seem possible.  Now I have to tell my parents, he thought on his way home, not wanting to return to his dorm room and face all the questions about what the coach had to say to him after practice.  His teammates would know soon enough.  He was more worried about what his dad would say.  
Although Maurice was more or less confused about the concept of red shirting, he only reassured his son that it would all work out in the end.  He knew his son must be concerned because he only came home when he needed to get a breather from his life at the college, to maybe recharge a little.  His mother, wonderfully ignorant of sports in general, comforted her son and the obvious consternation he was experiencing.  Pray on it.  Isiah thought he had heard the suggestion wrong, that his mother hadn't actually suggested he bring God into the mix.  God?  Unlike his parents, he wasn't enamored of a god or religion for that matter, even in the abstract.  No.  Didn't seem like something he was going to be doing.
"Come on, Isiah," his dad offered, "you just work harder, that's all.  It'll all come around for you, son.  I mean, damn, you're gonna be the best wide receiver the Bearcats ever had."
"Yeah, right, Dad," he muttered, retreating to his room, wanting to escape into some music and not even think about any of it for a while.  On went the noise canceling head phones his parents had given him for a High School graduation gift and on came a chorus of angry lyrics, punctuated by a staccato beat endlessly repeated.  Isiah lay back on his bed and bobbed his head to the rhythmic chords.  Silently he repeated the raw words, trying not to think about the next day's practice or anything having to do with college.
Isiah didn't know his life was about to take another hit.  Her name was Vanity.  Same age.   From the neighborhood.  Known her since middle school.  Hooked up plenty of times.  Not boy friend/girl friend but close.  Their approximation of a relationship brought the usual hazards to teenagers.  Sex loomed.  As did the unwanted fallout.  
"We gots a problem," she called out to him as he was crossing the street the next morning, heading back to the college.  Vanity, she was always talking shit, he thought, hesitating for a moment.  About this.  About that.  Parents.  Girl friends.  The job she hated.  He couldn't ignore her though.    
"I got to get back to UC," he replied, hoping she would save it for another day, another time.
"Isiah, why you not call me back?" she demanded to know.  "College boy too busy to answer me?"
He sighed and said, "Didn't get your message, I guess."
"We got to talk," was all she said.
They walked over to the tiny park on the corner near their apartments.  It was another neglected section of the neighborhood, with rusting playground equipment and the distinct odor of urban blight hanging in the air.  Trash blew across the field, collecting around the bottom of a chain link fence that was half falling down.  A net less hoop drooped on the basketball court, listing to the left.  Several men loitered around a half dismantled jungle gym, drinking out of small paper bags stuffed with beer and liquor.  Their guttural laughter drifted on the wind.  
"Well, what's up?" he asked, eyeing the men for a moment.
"You ain't gonna like it," she stated irritably.
"What's so important then?" he wanted to know, looking over at the men for a second time.  One of them acknowledged him by nodding in his direction and then turned back to the conversation they were having.  Isiah watched them for a moment, remembering how many times he told himself he would never end up like them, just hanging, always there, managing to cling to a twilight existence on the edge of society.  
Vanity stared at him for a moment, trying to decide how to broach the subject even though in her mind she had practiced it numerous times.  "Well...got pregnant," she finally announced, shutting her eyes for a moment as if she might be able to shut it all out, make it disappear.
"Say what?" he exclaimed, knowing full well what she had said.  
"I am pregnant," she stated, walking over to the decrepit swing set and sitting down on the one remaining seat.  She stared at him, daring him to run or to do whatever it was men (boys) do when confronted with the news, the fact.  "Don't have no time for--"
"What the fuck, Vanity," was all he could say as the revelation cascaded over him like a raging water fall.  
Incrimination seemed inadequate.  Counterproductive.  Two to tango.  Mingling body parts, genitalia to be precise.  End result can be predicted, don't you know.  
The two of them bemoaned their predicament.  Another teen pregnancy wasn't exactly earth shattering.  Reams of statistics to fall back on.  Little, tiny scenes played out all over the country everyday.  Rural.  Urban.  This race.  That race.  Sometimes intertwined.  For Isiah, after the fresh, very recent news of his semi-demotion on the football field, it seemed like something, someone was conspiring against him.  He had, for the most part, floated through life and at the tender age of eighteen was now being punished for the very light load of his input into his immediate surroundings.  Societal, hell civilization, was at his beck and call.  Crowds at games were screaming out his name while he chewed up yardage, dancing away from tacklers as he crossed the goal line.  Again and again.  Ordinary, pedestrian measurements didn't apply to him.  Not him.  Isiah Worth, damn it.
Vanity wept a little bit.  Having a child wasn't ideal but not catastrophic.  Not an unusual pattern.  Motherhood came early and unexpectedly.  It happened.  
"Ain't told nobody yet," she informed him. 
"Fuck, Vanity, I got school..." he said, letting his voice trail off as he thought about what was going to be required of him now.  Fatherhood wasn't in the plan.  Not yet.  Way too soon.  Maybe when he had turned pro, then.  Signed a contract.  Got a new place, with a car.  
"Watcha you wanta do then?" she asked, dabbing at a few tears on her cheek.
Do, he thought, wanting to turn and walk away, away from this.  Looking at her swinging on a swing, so young, so innocent, he didn't know what to say, how to answer.  "Gotta tell our parents," he replied glumly, stuffing his hands into his pockets.  
The news filtered through the two households, landing like a bomb, with collateral damage.  Recriminations flew that neither one of their penitent attitudes could alleviate.  Dumb.  Stupid.  Ruined your future.  Fool.  Profanity unleashed.  From Isiah's mother.  It all seemed to be coming down around him.
Vanity's mother made it known there was only one route to take.  A solitary choice.  Isiah's parents concurred.  It was decided with very little input from Vanity or Isiah.  
Just under nine months later Tyreke was born.  The pregnancy had been picture perfect.  Pre-natal care accomplished.  Vanity called Isiah on the day, while her mother raced her to the maternity ward.  He left school and hurried to the hospital.  Very routine.  No complications.  Just another birth, with two teenage parents.  
After all the congratulations and impromptu photos came the slog, the next chapter.  Isiah returned to his life at UC.  Vanity struggled with motherhood, continually coached by her mother, who provided the guardrails for her daughter to maintain at least a semblance of normalcy to the unfolding undertaking:  feedings, diapers, sleepless nights, wailing, burping, and omnipresent concern.  A little creature had taken over their home.  Demanding.  Inconsiderate.  Self centered.  
Isiah skated clear of the instrumentation of fatherhood, only making appearances when his schedule allowed it.  Being a father in virtual absentia plagued his thoughts on occasion but he managed to subdue them by keeping busy.  Spring practice was underway and he was determined to improve his standing with the team.  Little Tyreke, his son, had become almost like a forgotten prophesy, one that pops up now and then and has to be heeded.  
Soon Vanity began to chafe under the guidelines that being a parent required.  Patience, she had little of.  Discipline, even less.  Her mother slowly became the care giver for the little being residing in their home, knowing full well her daughter had little to no inclination towards motherhood.  Little Tyreke wasn't going to suffer if she could prevent it.
 

Chapter 4:  Downward         

Isiah coasted through his first year of eligibility, having a productive season even though the team suffered through a won/loss record that kept them buried at the bottom of the rankings.  An after thought. Being good on a bad team made for some attitude readjustments.  In High School, he had always been on a winning team, one that won important games and garnered plenty of attention and press.  The Bearcats were the opposite, just a team that resided in the basement of a conference no one respected.  A joke.  Patsy.  Easy W in the win column.  The team every team wanted to play on opening day.
His stats were good, sterling if you took into account he played on a team that had a woefully inexperienced quarterback.  Passes were erratic, when thrown at all.  Sacks came frequently.  The coach was an adherent to the run first approach, where a running game made an offense go.  It didn't.  They had the least efficient offense in the conference.  To go with a porous defense.  In the end, the coach would only last two years, before being replaced by another victim in the continual churn that was the coaching profession.  
By his senior season Isiah was on some pro scouts radar.  Good hands.  Good speed.  Good size.  Can block too, sometimes.  And return punts or kickoffs.  That being a sweetener if any team thought using a draft choice on him would be risky.  Versatility never hurt.
College had only been a backdrop for him the last four years.  Background scenery.  Attending classes more of a formality than anything else.  Athletics, like with many other institutions of higher learning, was an end in itself.  Bestowing degrees on sports participants was secondary.  Having cheering fans and or an influx of funds from the NCAA changed things, making the concept of advantageousness take on a totally different shiny hue. 
For him, it garnered respect on campus and of course a better dorm room and meal plan etc.  Professors looked the other way when student athletes were involved.  Absences need not be explained.  Test scores miraculously improved.  Assignments were optional.  It was a world he was accustomed to, starting way back in middle school when he began participating in sports.  Life seemed to be on a parallel track, humming along at its own velocity, like being in a rush hour HOV lane.  He got used to it quickly and even in time came to expect the special treatment.   Society was built to provide easy access participation, so he reasoned, smiling to himself, knowing instinctually that it voided out plenty of small "e" ethics but he was unable to or want to turn off the spigot that let the benefits flow.  
Pampered.  Low scale worship.  Beneficent respect.  It all shaped his attitude and outlook.  All around him the neighborhood lay blighted by neglect and urban decay, but he was a prince, with pedigree that extended all the way back to that basketball game he scored the winning shot or that TD he scored against a cross town rival that sent his team to the Regional's.  Adulation came easily.  Younger kids looked up to him, while parents admired his talent as he enjoyed the athletic camaraderie of his peers.  
Little bits of flickering fame followed him while he advanced through the ranks.  Write ups in the local newspaper.  Small piece on TV about his three TD's in one game against...didn't matter.  Just another entry.  Add it to the bio. 
It was rarefied air he breathed on most days, strengthening his ego like the muscles in his body that were perpetually being honed to compete.  There was a casual gladiatorial aspect to living that way, one where expectation could be scaled, collated, and catalogued.  The degree of character or your very identity was inversely proportional to the accumulating of numbers.   
Didn't register.  Not with Isiah.  Not with most of the athletes striving to compete and remain in the alternate universe.  There was no time for introspection.  Wasn't productive or healthy for the individual.  Inside out Gestalt.  Individual.  Team.  Blend.  Score.  It was simple, but complicated.  
Isiah's college career sputtered to a stop, having never played in a bowl game, the minor holy grail for a career.  Get noticed on TV.  Catch that down and out pass.  Touchdown dance in the end zone.  Give the fans something to scream about.  Didn't happen.  Instead, the team limped to another putrid season, surrendering, at home, in the final game of the horrendous season.  Earlier, he had been honored, along with a few other stalwart seniors who had endured the humiliation of losing on very bad teams.  Lackluster cheers from the stands, half full.  Most drunk.  Quick to boo.  With obscene catcalls.  Even the marching band displayed little to no enthusiasm.  Leaving it up to the irrepressible cheerleading squad to try to whip up some vocal support.  
It all seemed surreal as he stood there, mid-field, waving idiotically, wondering where the last few years had gone.  Disappeared.  Down a very large rabbit hole, taking with it a little chunk of his life.  Are these the good times? he wondered.  Retreating to the sidelines to get ready to play football for what might prove to be his last time.  
You never knew.  Although there had been a few feelers put out about him his coach didn't seem to be optimistic.  Pro scouts could be inscrutable sometimes or, as his coach told him:  "Damn if I know what they are thinking."  Not a ringing endorsement, Isiah couldn't help noticing.  He was the best player on the team.  Yet, it meant very little, nothing really.  His world was about to contract he sensed.  Even fold in on itself maybe.  
Being whipped sawed by an uncertain future brought him into the ranks of the ordinary person.  Those people.  Living everyday lives.  Seeking remuneration.  Daily.  A life critically defined by paychecks.  Isiah was going on twenty-two and had never held a job, not a real one.  There had been bogus employment at the college during summer breaks, ones established by the athletic department and were funded by slimy accounts everyone hoped the NCAA wouldn't notice.  Keep busy.  Look like you are doing something types of jobs.  On campus, of course.  
Further, no degree was ever bestowed on him.  All of those credit hours he slept through never materialized, were never entered into any ledgers.  It had all been an education mirage.  Like others on the team, he didn't take the time to pay attention.  Seemed irrelevant, even unnecessary.  Someone must be keeping track for those four years.  
Isiah admitted to himself he had not once thought of a degree and its implications.  He had declared a major after being advised to do so, in a field he knew absolutely nothing about.  The category General Studies had been recently invalidated because even the notoriously near sighted NCAA found it to be just the least bit vague, even somehow derisive.  Like it was mocking the entire higher education system.  The line of...the explanation for public consumption was that student athletes were there to learn and play sports.  On the reality end of things they were there to make money, money for the college, for the conference, and, of course, for the NCAA.  
Once, in his sophomore year, Isiah had been walking out of the locker room and overheard the coach and the athletic director, a man so craven he curried favor with any number of sports apparel companies so he could increase the bottom line.  "Don't fuck with my team," the coach had ordered, pointing his finger at the director.  "You kidding.  Not your team, Coach.  Belongs to the college," the director shot back, laughing.  "This is a business.  Why else do you think we have that big fucking stadium...and that basketball arena for?  Don't be a dumb ass.   Get with the program."
Slave labor lived on, continually renourished by more and more aspirants, the ones who wanted to go on to money and fame at the end of the road.  It was a grimy, symbiotic relationship between the laborer and the employer.  Entice the worker with free college while reaping untold funds for their work.  At the same time feeding the pro sports team with more warm bodies.  It was an economic mindfuck that was a closed circuit of exploitation.  TV rights.  Advertisements.  Organized mayhem on Saturdays and Sundays, while everyone watched.  
Still.  Isiah on some level knew this aspect of his sports career existed.  Didn't matter.  It was all made moot by the elementary fact that he could benefit too.  Maybe.  Despite increasingly terrible odds, a peculiar type of athletic lottery system that made it almost impossible to score a spot on the roster, he wanted in.  Others too.  All around the country they were competing to be included, to slurp up some of the gravy overflowing from the corporate coffers usually doled out by wizened old white guys with piles of dollar bills.  
"Like a plantation all over again," one of his former teammates had told him when he returned one day to watch practice.  Injured.  Career ending knee surgery.  Highly expendable.  Had been selected the year before, first round.  Tail back.  Good speed.  Good size. Good attitude. Like to block too.  Per yard run average decent.  
"What do you mean by that?" Isiah wanted to know, confused, as well as curious.
He looked at him for a moment, shook his head, then said, "You'll find out."  
His mysterious answer hung in the air for a moment, before the guy hobbled away on crutches.  Muted adulation followed in his wake.  Some of his stats at the college still standing in the record books.  Spent his bonus check the first day.  Played all of eight games in the pros.  For a team in nice, sunny weather.  Bought a house for his mom down there.  Now wondering how long he can stretch the checks still coming in, while an uncertain rehab awaits.
Would he?  Would he find out?  Isiah wasn't all that sure.  Although his college career hadn't been exactly national news, it had been noteworthy to a certain extent.  He was heading to an All-Star game in the post season.  A respectable collection of TD's were in the record books.  Even with a laughable team he had stood out on many Saturdays.  Not on TV though.  No exposure.  Only the pro scouts who bothered to dig deeper into the stats knew about him.  His name was often attached to the modifier "sleeper."  Not good.  Uphill climb.  
Yet he did get invited to the NFL Scouting Combine.  Came as a complete surprise.  Someone somewhere saw something.  In him.  As a prospect.  
"Whata you gotta do for that?" his father wanted to know when he told him the news.
Isiah had only heard stories about the combine, the seemingly occult like event staged every year before the NFL draft. "Don't really know, dad," he replied, shrugging.  "You have to work out for the teams, you know, doing stuff on the field...like the forty...and lifting."
Maurice was still baffled about the major differences in his time and what his son was facing.  He had gotten drafted by his country and Isiah was waiting to be drafted by a football team.  It all seemed unreal.  How times had changed.  The war had evaporated from the nation's collective memory, gone, buried by a new pursuit of accumulation.  The 1980's were infused with a slurry of self interested ideas and intent.  It had replaced the previous angst the country had suffered through, not unlike coming out of a giant therapeutic session with a bright, buoyant outlook.  Sunny.  Hopeful.  
Being in proximity to such a radical shift seemed as if he were living with indecipherable rules hanging over him,  Like a microbe stuck on a microscope slide being observed.  His mental jousting with personal demons had dissipated, subsided mostly but there were times he did seem disoriented.  Job.  Wife.  Friends.  His son.  It all assembled into a unit to help influence his continuing recovery.  
"Guess you best practice then for the...the combine," he offered, smiling at his son, wanting to sound supportive.
Isiah hated tests.  All tests.  As a student he was invisible.  There.  Present.  Lousy grades.  Poor study habits.  Clinging to his athlete privilege like a life preserver.  Reading skills non-existent.  Functioning idiot, so said one professor in an unguarded moment, irritated by the parallel track the "student athletes" enjoyed.  Standards fluid.  Inversely connected to time spent on the field, court, whatever.  Isiah ignored the insult.  Like a boxer dodging a punch that didn't land.  He was destined for greater things.  Classroom endeavors were just a way station on the route to his life goal.  Barely even mattered.
Isiah heard from other football players who had gone through the combine about what to expect.  He trained as best he could with the limited information he had gotten from them.  It was an abbreviated collection of physical tests that purportedly indicated the level of your athleticism.  On paper, they made little sense when applied to the actual things that happened on a football field during a football game.  Not even close.  Broad jump, he thought, wondering when there was a time when he ever jumped like that during a game.  Same for running around cones or dashing back and forth in a compressed space.  The dreaded forty yard dash made sense, as it measured going from point A to point B and fast.  Blowing by defensive backs, he got that.  Same for the vertical jump.  He had dunked plenty of basketballs, both in games and on the play ground in pick up games.  Jumping high to catch an errant pass he could do.  
All in all, it seemed stupid, the combine.  Even had the whiff of disrespect about it, like being an animal in training to do some specified skill.  Making it all the more suspect, and ridiculous, was having to take the Wonderlic Personnel Test.   Answering puzzling questions that involved convoluted math seemed beyond absurd.  Fucked up, really.  He was pretty sure he wasn't going to have to be doing any advanced arithmetic as he was running down the field towards the goal line.  NFL team playbooks weren't full of some kind of new algebra.  He had never had any trouble understanding the plays being called in the huddle.  
Then there he was, in route to the damn thing and trying not to appear nervous.  It seemed like a long time since he was really nervous.  His entire senior year on the team he couldn't think of one time when he had gotten totally nervous about the up coming game.  Since they were never expected to win, there was no pressure.  None.  Or at least very little.  When you lost almost every game it had a way of working as a very effective release value.  If no one thought you had a chance to win a game, well, who cared?  Call a trick play on your own ten yard line.  Didn't matter.  Go for that fourth and three.  Throw long three times in a row.  Blitz on almost every down.  It was liberating.  For the player and for the coach.  UC was firing their coaches regularly at the time anyway.
For him, the combine went reasonably well.  His scores were respectable.  Everyone was all business. Tabulating.  Tabulating.  Collecting all of the numbers that would shape your future.  Isiah's nervousness eased almost right away after he ran a good time in the forty.  Raised a few eyebrows even.  The other events passed quickly, with him not embarrassing himself.  He was beginning to think he might be in the process of improving his viability in the NFL draft.  Coming up.  Real soon.  On TV. 
Then he took the Wonderlic.  Right back in school.  A timed test at that.  With really (really) dumb ass questions.  Ones that delved into divining mathematical problems involving muttafuckin' trains and money and other shit.  His eyes bored through the print on the paper as he tapped his pencil on the desk.  Are you kidding me? rattling around in his head.  This is some fucked up silly crap.  
Done.  Pencil down.  Over.  He knew he hadn't done well on the test.  Not at all.  He only hoped his other scores would be good enough to impress somebody out there in the league.  Anybody.  At this point he didn't really give a damn what team picked him.  Could be a lousy team.  Didn't care.  Didn't matter.  He was used to playing on a bad team.  No problem.  Won't affect my attitude.  Still play hard.  Practice hard too.  Come to camp in shape.  I can do that.  
Back in Cincy, he waited.  Waited for the draft, draft weekend.  On ESPN.  Really big deal.  Proof that it was a social phenomenon of some sort.  Americans were invested.  Wanted to know just who was going to be playing for their favorite team.  What player could help them win.  Zero sum sentiments ran high.  Cut throat really, where fans of one team didn't want the fans of another team to succeed in landing any player that might help them either maintain their superiority or improve their chances of climbing up the standings.  It all became a natural extension of nature's cruel machinations.  All broadcast.  To the nation.  With commercials, proving that capitalism could be an equitable purveyor of natural selection in action.  
The country was accustomed to living in a game show sphere environment. Attuned to a competition enshrined in a syncopated format.  With a host.  And money on the line.  TV was the purveyor of the zeitgeist, the one element that forwarded the preposterous nature of the whole concept.  Come on down.  Park your dignity over there. 
"Come on, Isiah, it's about to start," Maurice called out to his son, as he sat down in front of the TV.  His anticipation had been building all week even though he tried to tamp it down, not wanting to get overly optimistic about the results.  He knew, especially since his son had been coaching him not to expect too much, that he probably wouldn't be selected all that high in the draft.
"I'll be there in a minute," Isiah yelled back from his bedroom, irritated by his father's enthusiasm.  Quietly, he dreaded having to sit down and watch his future pass by, all on television.  His parents had wanted to have a small party to celebrate but he fought hard against that, arguing that he didn't "want to have to deal with a bunch of people."  Finally, they relented and it would only be the immediate family. 
Vanity had made some noise about dropping by but was rebuffed.  Not a couple.  Child together.  Nothing more.  With almost surgical precision Isiah had excised her from his life.  His son, Tyreke, was in name only, even though Maurice had been funneling money to Vanity's mother on a regular basis.  To Isiah, being a father was mostly in the abstract, with him having only seen his son no more than a dozen times since he was born.   He had successfully compartmentalized his life to the point that he maintained two identities, one that operated as a future pro football player and the other as an accidental father.  One took precedence over the other.  Dwarfed it even. 
The football draft show began, giving off a less than subtle carnival vibe, as if lives might not be in the balance or, at the very least, degrees of future success.  It all seemed bizarre to Isiah.  Being a participant made it all the more weird and disturbing to him.  Years of bruises, muscle pulls, hard tackles, verbal abuse from coaches, dropped passes, missed blocks, losses, MRI's and X-rays now evolved into a nerve wracking wait.  Settle in.  Have a beer.  Chips.  Wings, with his dad's favorite hot sauce.  Mother hovering.  Nervous.  Dad, barking at the ESPN talking heads, telling them to get on with it.  Next number.  Next team.  Next entrant.
Rounds passed, slowly, marked by smiling recipients of a team's choice.  It was all happening in slow motion for Isiah.  NFL teams were selecting prospective players, actually clients, with contracts.  Sign on the dotted line.  What number do you want to wear?  Here's your check.  It was all hastily rehearsed but still routine, even by rote.  Add another body to the roster.  Hope all those meticulously gathered stats point in the right direction.  More TD's.  Or, alternately, more tackles, sacks, interceptions.  Victories were assembled by a mountain of data, bits and pieces of human effort that included brute strength, sheer speed, and undefinable skill.  
Isiah looked over at his father after the show had been dragging on, round after round, and he hadn't been selected.  Asleep,  Soundly.  With his chin sagging to his chest.  Sibilant snores seeped out.  His mother had long ago retreated to the kitchen, where he could hear her puttering around.  He was now glad he had insisted on not having any sort of party.  It would have been embarrassing, with his humiliation notching up more and more as the next round was called.  
"This is fucked up," he muttered to himself, swigging down another beer, his fourth, not wanting to accept that his life seemed to be contracting before his eyes.  
Then his name was finally called in the twilight rounds of the draft.  Way, way after anyone was paying attention.  Isiah was literally at the bottom of the draft, down with names that only family members could recognize.  He knew there wouldn't be any local news team knocking on the door, wanting to tell Cincinnati or the tri-state area all about how the local boy does good.  On his way.  Off to start an illustrious NFL career.  He wouldn't have to force a smile and answer inane questions from the sports anchor all beaming with artificial friendliness.  Wouldn't have to say how honored he was to be selected and that he hoped to help the team out any way he could.  At least there was that.
No.  He was, more or less, a non-entity.  There to fill out the draft class.  Not much more.  At the bottom.  Lucky to field practice punts.  Locker at the end.  A name the coach couldn't remember.  Below average contract.  No bonus.  Of course, no endorsements.  It was all humiliating, like somebody took a sledge hammer to his ego.
"Dad," he called out.  "Hey, Dad, wake up!" he exclaimed, letting a little too much irritation slip into his voice.  "Got picked.  Finally."
"Say what?" Maurice mumbled, wiping at his eyes.  "Damn, fell asleep.  Who picked you?" he wanted to know.  
Isiah looked over at him, then said, "Miami Dolphins."
"Florida...that's good ain't it?" his dad asked, smiling at his son.  "Good weather," he offered gently, not knowing how his son was taking the news.
"Legendary coach," Isiah informed him, shrugging.  "Not good.  Not bad."
It was finally over.  Been decided.  His entire life had led to this.  Selected by a team he knew little to nothing about.  In a part of the country he had never been to or even thought much about.  Same conference as the Bengals though.  The AFC he knew about.  Better than nothing.  Besides, they were a storied franchise, being the only team to go undefeated.  Won some Superbowls.  In the past.  Back before.  Kind of living on their laurels.  Almost ancient NFL history.  
Still, he had been selected.  Time to breathe a little.  Assess.  Unwind maybe.  Lot to prove.  Another chapter in his life was opening.  He was going to have to leave Cincy.  
Life's schematic had unfolded for him.  Isiah now had to wait, wait for the next chapter to start.  His parents were happy for their son but fearful too.  He would have to go out into the world.  Leave.  Depart for Florida.  No one could have envisaged his future, where Isiah would end up.  No time for cowering.  Take it head on.
Pep talks were ineffective at this point.  Praying, maybe.  Quietly.  Surreptitiously if need be.  Spiritual visualization could be beneficial, or so his parents believed.  For Isiah, it was daunting in many ways but he was young and hesitantly eager to start in on his football career, reap some of the benefits that might accrue.  No guarantees though.  
Maurice took off work and drove down to Florida with his son.  Down to South Florida.  In the hellish summertime.  Arriving finally after a very long drive, including the interminable length of the peninsula, where angry, black clouds hung over the city of Miami.  A violent thunder storm erupted as they drove up to the apartment complex Isiah had been advised to look into by an assistant coach he met at the combine.  A cataract of rain washed across the streets as the storm worked as a release valve for all the pent up heat blanketing the city.  The temperature dropped precipitously, temporarily, before beginning its climb back up into the 90's.  It was Isiah's introduction to South Florida's cauldron of weather.
As they sat in Isiah's car, exchanging glances, Maurice said, "Don't think I've ever seen rain like this before."
Isiah smiled at him then replied, "I guess you get used to it around here, huh?"
He was beginning his life on the bottom rung of the NFL.  Rookie.  Practically undrafted.  Little to no expectations.  From him.  Of him.  For him.  Trepidation loomed.  Being optimistic wasn't necessarily in his makeup.  Didn't have to be.  Being a star so early in his life provided him with an artificial level of success.  Came naturally.  Like breathing.  Starter, always.  Leading scorer.  Always.  Varsity.  All City.  All State.  All Star.  In the pantheon of athletes, regionally.  It all meant little, nothing really.  Most of his future teammates were graced with better credentials. More trophies. More accolades.   
Isiah had been advised to rent.  Rent a cheap apartment, which wasn't confidence inspiring for him.  "Don't know what's gonna happen, bro," someone had advised him at one of the All-star college games.  Somehow it hadn't occurred to him that it might not work out.  He had always made the team.  Always.  Without fail.  What would be different now?  Sure, he might not be a starter but not achieving his goal seemed preposterous.  
The place was a low rent location but clean.  Not bad.  The neighborhood was an overachiever but decent, without any signs of pernicious decay sneaking in. It was near the new Miami Dolphin Training Facility in a town that had, of all things, cowboy pretensions.  South Florida's horse country on a small scale, with actual hitching posts placed in front of some of the strip mall stores.  As to the practice facility it was a world of giant weight rooms and locker rooms, with everything from a swimming pool to an indoor training field.  When he first saw it Isiah couldn't believe what he was seeing.  Luxurious workout areas was the surest sign that he had passed into another dimension of the athletic universe.
His father whistled for emphasis then stated:  "Damn, Isiah, this place is fine!"
Isiah laughed at his father's response to seeing the practice facility and said, "Welcome to the NFL, dad."
Welcome.  Isiah wasn't sure about that.  The NFL was notorious for chewing up and obliterating players, literally sometimes if you include the incidence of CTE cases, chronic traumatic encephalopathy, that went mostly unreported.  For having a short football career and getting your head pounded you got a degenerative brain disorder as a parting gift.  Shredded ACL's, broken bones, twisted tendons, raging arthritis etc. was on the menu of health problems.  Past that, no assurances existed out there.  You, the player, weren't guaranteed of just about anything.  The axis pivoted between star status and otherwise most times.  Linemen labored through games getting beat down by other behemoths on the other side of the scrimmage line.  Giant, lumbering bodies hurling themselves at each other, creating a violent shock wave of physical damage.  Goliath like.  Fleet skill positions sped towards collisions that could possibly end up harming a body part.  Pick one:  ankle, knee, neck, hand...brain.  The concussion protocol existed as a warning sign, a harbinger of what lay ahead on down the road as the player slipped into early retirement with a long stretch of abnormal life waiting for him.  
He didn't want to contemplate any of that.  Not now.  Not on the cusp of beginning his pro football career.  It still didn't seem possible.  Isiah Worth was going to don a Miami Dolphin jersey.  Plenty of wide receivers had been a Miami Dolphin.  Some Hall of Famers.  Wearing the aqua and orange was a privilege.  True, recently, the team had been in the also-ran status, ensconced really.  Comfortably.  The famous coach was cashing in his well earned chips after years and years of bringing in winning seasons.  Yet, no playoffs.  Brutal losses.  Mediocre teams.  There was a plaintive rumble throughout the community. Used to success.  Spoiled even.
For Isiah, it meant having to compete for a slot on the roster knowing that the QB was a perennial backup who had been thrust into the limelight while a Hall of Famer rode out the twilight years of his career in limbo from the sidelines.  Didn't auger well for Isiah, having to run passing routes and wait for wobbly passes wasn't how he expected his pro receiver experience would go.  Crisp.  Bullets.  Perfect trajectory.  That's what he expected from his quarterback.  
Didn't matter.  Immaterial if he didn't make the team.  Lost in the shuffle.  Last man picked.  Urgent need for running backs over receivers.  Best to keep that extra tight end.  The coach's decision had a perplexing calculus to it sometimes.  Every year was different.  Priorities changed.  Might be able to get more mileage out of that aging veteran in line ahead of you.  Reliable.  Caught that pass in the back of the end zone to win that game.  Remember?  Stays in shape.  All year long.  Showed up at camp ready to go.  Knew the play book.  Backwards and forwards.  Anything could work against Isiah.
Maurice caught a flight back home, hugging his son at the airport in Miami, uneasy about leaving his young son on his own, hoping everything would go well.  Isiah felt a pang of loneliness almost immediately when he got back to his small apartment, which now seemed like a sad space totally devoid of any warmth.  Practice started tomorrow.  He knew then he would be too busy to worry about being homesick.  
Pro football was different from college in one startling way, he thought after finishing up his first day in pads.  In college, the skill quotient was uneven at best.  Isiah was often one of the best players on the field at any given time. Here, on that state of the art practice field, under that blistering hot Florida sun, there was a current of equalization flowing in and outside the hash marks.  He recognized it immediately in some of the drills they were running.  Lining up, across from him, he could see the cornerback was his equal, if not better.  There would be no burning by him.  Snapping off perfect pass routes probably weren't going to fool him.  They weren't rookies.  Seen it before.  Matched up with some of the best in the league.  Not intimidated, particularly by some fresh from college prospect with little to no pedigree.
Months would follow.  Grown men playing a game and being paid for it.  Seemed, well, ludicrous.  On any given Sunday (or Monday, could be Thursday) thousands upon thousands of people watched them pulverize each other, with rules governing the maiming of course.  Televised.  With its own peculiar panoply of pomp and circumstance, from various versions and renditions of the National Anthem to kick off to half time shows sandwiched in between the timed quarters, the spectacle unfolded before adoring crowds.  Sometimes anyway.  Fans could be unforgiving in some locales, angered by perpetual incompetence when they were forced to forfeit cold hard cash to witnessed another bumbling, ineffectual loss, especially if it was to a hated rival.  
Such went the national past time, which had long ago supplanted the more lugubrious Baseball entertainment, a sport more suited perhaps to another setting in another time altogether.  No.  Americans wanted blood, in a manner of speaking.  Ersatz combat was just fine by them.  Crushing tackles.  Blind side sacks.  Bone rattling blocks.  Along with swift break away runs or bombs to a sprinting wide receiver made for an afternoon of enjoyment.  Accompanied by gut busting tail gate parties of course, just a prep for the festivities about to be unleashed.  Making for a weekly orchestrated festivity all directed at forwarding the narrative that culminated in a final game glamorously called a Super Bowl with Roman numerals attached after it.  Cunning movie moguls couldn't have designed the plot any better.  
The entire enterprise was well supported by corporations and their lust for effective advertising to push products to a captive audience.  Social science couldn't explain the effects.  Fueled by booze, weekend gluttony, and a tenacious underlying web of national betting, the league thrived.  Year after year.  Stat after stat.  Broken body after...
Isiah came home that first day tired and sore, with an aching right knee and a bruised ego.  He had lost count how many times an assistant coach chided him for doing the wrong thing.  Previously, he had gone over and over the play book, hoping to not look the fool when the time came.  Broken plays were the bane of modern football.  Having a player on the wrong page could prove to be disastrous at times, on that long drive, on that special teams play, on almost any play really.  Drawing a penalty, with your number being announced on the loud speaker in the stadium was more than just embarrassing.  You didn't want to be labeled a fuck up, too stupid to know the plays or how to stay within the rules.  Off sides.  Illegal procedure.  Running the wrong play when another play had been called in the huddle.  Not good.
He lay down on his couch and propped his sore knee up with some ice on it.  He didn't want to complain to the staff.  No need to bring that kind of attention to yourself.  You were at that juncture more or less a non-entity on the team.  Just one screw up away from being asked to leave.  Clean out your locker.  Not even by the coach but probably by some equipment manager low on the seniority list too.  He would be perfunctory about axing you as well, not even bothering to sound sincere or that he gave a shit.  Why bother?  It was just another name on the list to cross off and then collect uniforms and pads from.
It was, in its way, Darwinian in scope.  Only the strongest or, at least, the one that can provide what the team needs at the moment.  Even though the season stretched on and on for months most things were fluid, always changing or, as Isiah heard a coach tell a player in college, "transitioning."  You know, transitioning away from this or that type of whatever.  Defensive side of the ball.  Offensive side.  Could be both.  It didn't ease the pain of being cut.  Even the very word hurt to hear.  No one was ever prepared for their sense of being, of ego, to be dinged so incisively.
You had to have fortified your sensitivity, able to withstand wayward blows that might be coming your way.  As a football player you were always being measured, constantly.  In its way it was dehumanizing, a continual exploitation.  That it was your chosen profession made it all the more venomous.  It had a less than subtle do or die aspect to it all.  Tomorrow could very well bring a directional change to your life that was not only abrupt but emotionally disabling.  No one was there on a lark, as a hobby.  Although it was a game it was nevertheless their livelihood.  Checks were written out.  Signed by representatives of functioning corporations.  Money flowed.  Vast amounts.  Keeping accountants working long hours.  The owners of the clubs, rich bastards all, had more than a vanity project on their hands.  Box seats were certainly nice but cash registers had to ring.  TV revenue.  Gate receipts.  Merchandising.  Any number of other sources of funds.  They were all swept along by the tide of greed and ego stroking that went into owning a Pro sports franchise. 
Isiah just wanted a tiny slice of the pie.  Nothing significant.  Enough to be proud of.
Call it the proverbial inflection point.  He had been clinging to one of the last roster spots.  Found a groove in the practice regimen.  Even impressed a few coaches with his skill set.  Pretty simple:  catch passes thrown your way.  For a few weeks he had even been used as a punt returner, something he hadn't really done since his sophomore year of college and never truly cared for.  It took a certain type of talent to return punts effectively.  Safely, in NFL terms, usually meant not fumbling the ball when you called for a fair catch or fielding the ball on your own five yard line.  Not good.  Definitely put you on the coach's shit list.  Doing stupid things that hindered the team's chances was hard to mitigate even with overflowing levels of talent on hand.  Being a punt returner required a weird disdain for potential injury coming your way too, as numerous racing bodies bore down on you.   Having the ability to brazenly disregard probable collisions meant you had to shut down parts of your brain temporarily.  Cerebral circuits were always firing off tracer rounds of danger messages while that oblong object dropped from the sky in your direction.  Right into your open hands, ideally.  
Isiah was quietly happy when the Dolphin brain trust decided to remove him from the position, telling him to concentrate on running pass patterns.  Of course, it now meant he had only one avenue in which to make the team.  The severity of this decision was tucked way back in the recesses of his mind.  No need to dwell on it.  Rely on your best skill seemed like a good mantra to silently chant.  Anything to dampen his fear of landing on the taxi squad, the practice squad that was almost a vestigial part of pro football, there to dump excess players so as to keep them around for future use if need be.  Like being a temp office worker.  Almost.  
It would be disheartening.  To say the least.  Humbling.  Degrading also.  Almost Pro football adjacent.  
So he worked harder.  Stayed after hours to train.  Made sure he knew all of the plays in the play book, inside and out.  Tried not to have any mental hiccups.  Debated whether or not he should offer to play on the kick off team, where he would have to streak down the field on kamikaze missions to take down the kick off returner, brushing off blockers as he ran.  It took a desperate mindset to dash full speed, glance off opponents, risk straining hamstrings or snapped ACL's, then lunge at speeding running backs in an attempt to complete a tackle.  He thought better of it finally after giving it some thought.  He hadn't played on defense since he was a Freshman in High School.  His tackling skills were beyond rusty.
Long, hot hours on the field wore him down but he kept his spirits up by befriending another rookie trying out.  Name was Luther.  Named after the Civil Rights leader.  Black and from the deep South, he had gone to a SEC college, one that was a bottom scraper in the conference but still in the mix of high level play.  Like him, he had been a star for most of his athletic career, only on the defense side of the ball.  As an undersized linebacker he had made up for his lack of size with speed and an uncanny knack for smelling out the ball.  Great tackler too.  Fearless.  Years and years of time in the gym had crafted a taut, steel like body frame.  They bonded almost immediately, both sharing in the travails of training camp and subsequent ridicule that awaited most rookies from the more established players on the team.  It was tradition in its way.  Expected.  Tolerated.
They took the abuse in stride, leaning on each other when the time came to deal with the extramural aspects of becoming a pro.  He had rented a place in a neighboring town, more upscale.  Isiah often spent time there unwinding, sharing in the building camaraderie between them.  Complaints, physical and otherwise, were swapped between them.  Long hours of down time were spent checking out South Florida.  South Beach, of course.  Two young men out, gingerly strolling around trying to ignore their burgeoning muscle pulls and cantankerous charlie horses making a home in various parts of their bodies.  
Unfortunately, for Isiah, his team mate was injured the last week of practice, sustaining a fractured fibula on a defensive drill.  Untimely, besides painful as hell.  Team doctor shook his head and passed on the bad news.  Making it easy for the coaches to decide.  Draw a line through his name on the roster list.  Too bad.  Be getting a form letter soon.  He wasn't going to become a Miami Dolphin.  Don't give up, so said a kind assistant coach, grimacing slightly as he tried not to sound too vacuous, insincere.  Just another prospect.  Like so many others.  Didn't work out for you.  Happens every year.
Isiah helped him pack up his car.  Very little talk between them.  Fast friends and it was finished.  Back home to an uncertain future.  Rehabbing.  Healing.  Trying not to wonder how it might have been.  Might have gone for him.  Still, wishing Isiah all the best.  "You're gonna make the team...I," he told him, using the nick name he always called him. "No fucking way you don't," he added, forcing back a tear.
Isiah watched him drive away and felt a pang of emotion well up in him.  Suddenly it reminded him that he was lonely, lonely in that way he had never felt before.  Always there had been family or friends around him back in Cincinnati.  Never alone.  Female companionship too.  There was never a void.  Something ached deep inside him but he forced it deeper into his consciousness and climbed back in his car.  Tomorrow he would be back at it on the practice field.  Still there, just clinging to the diminishing slots on the roster.
Made it to pre-season.  Professional football's singular curse.  Games played to disinterested fans by unenthusiastic players, a bargain hammered out by avaricious owners and the players union.  No player wanted to participate, to risk injury for, essentially, nothing.  Most starters played token minutes on the field.  The collective mindset was to do just the minimum required, while bored coaches pretended to analyze the performance of their teams.  Meaningless statistics were recorded as half empty stadiums yawned with inactivity.  It was an exercise in stupidity that even the networks would have balked at if they didn't think they could increase the bottom line somehow, someway.
Isiah hoped for the best.  That maybe he could have some good games.  Impress.  Change some minds.  Improve his personal "eval.".  Prove that he could add something to the team's over all strength.  
The first game was played away.  Against a team from the other conference.  They had finished the last season below five hundred.  They had an old line history in the league but hadn't scared anybody in quite awhile.  Bad decisions by the front office had left them with expensive contracts and nothing to show for it.  There starting QB was still out from a season ending injury to his knee.  Isiah had run drills all week against their standard defense.  He had been slotted to play in the second quarter, after the starters had run through some snaps in the first quarter to get the cobwebs of the off-season out.  It was all standard procedure, where the established players seldom played more than a quarter of a pre-season game, leaving the balance of the game for the prospective newcomers to show what they got.  
"Like a rehearsal, with bruises," one of the coach's had joked to Isiah one day, grinning, enjoying the obvious consternation on Isiah's face.  "Don't worry, you'll do fine," he added unconvincingly.
He sat in the visitor's locker room before the game trying to settle his thoughts.  His pre-game rituals were never set in stone.  Other players he had known throughout his college time had developed inviolable procedures they followed before taking the field.  Tie and retie you cleats three times.  Stare at a small mirror propped up in your locker for a minute.  Put on the same t-shirt for every game.  Say a silent prayer.  Be the last player to leave the locker room.  It went on and on.  Superstition was ingrained in their psyche.  Isiah didn't ever develop any repetitive actions.  Just relax.  Remember the week's practice.  Keep it simple.
All around him the locker room was alive with chatter and the residual noise of all locker rooms:  banging locker doors, clickety-clacking cleats, and muffled conversations.  He had gotten just the least bit excited when he first donned the Miami Dolphin uniform, glad that he had been able to procure the same number he wore in college.  The slightly bizarre nature of numerology was laced throughout the sports world.  For some, it dominated their approach to playing.  Jersey numbers could be like a second astrological sign to live under.  At the end of illustrious careers jersey numbers were often retired, lending an air of mystique to them.  Some players of high caliber might demand they wear a certain number.  Others were reluctant to change numbers if they didn't have to.  Isiah wasn't so attached to his number but was nevertheless happy to still wear it.
Big Data had taken over professional sports and the NFL was no different.  Numbers ruled.  Making it the Holy Grail of modern football.  Look it up might as well have been the head coach's catch phrase.  To pick two categories that you could find in black and white easily:  Rushing (Attempts-Yds-Lng-TD-etc.), or Passing (Completions-Att-Pct-Yds-Avg-TD-Int-Sck-Scky-Rate-etc.).  Further, it filters down to field goals, kick returns, punting, sacks, interceptions, scoring, a smorgasbord of data to digest.  And then there was arcana like Game Splits, or Situational Stats and how about tossing in Draft, Combine tallies too?  Of course.  A player's career was sliced and diced down to a fraction. Yeah, so the warped version of numbers fetish could be seen as being akin to good old homespun shamanism, only more ridiculous.  It was all statistical bondage in its way, making parimutual handicapping quaint by comparison.
The game started after a lackluster rendition of the National Anthem.  The players mulled around the coach on the sideline, as he barked out a few commands, sending his assistant coaches in various directions to mete out orders.  Isiah settled in to be a spectator as the kick off team took the field.  By the end of the first quarter there seemed to be a mass sleepiness descending over the stadium.  Empty seats yawned with inactivity.  A bevy of cheerleaders tried continually to make a difference.  It was as if all the activity was being played in slow motion.
At the start of the second quarter, with the team down six to nothing, after two long successful field goals by the other team, Isiah was slotted to officially begin his professional football career.  Back home, he knew his dad would be ensconced in front of the TV.  Mom too.  Waiting, waiting to see their son in uniform, on the field.  The defense held them to three and out to start the quarter.  He did some quick stretching then took the field, jogging on with the rest of the offense.  
In the huddle, the third string QB, who had beat the odds to land in the NFL after a less than notable college career at a little known college in the mid-West, glanced around at the players he was going to lead and stated grimly:  "Let's try not to get our asses kicked, okay."  A few of linemen chuckled.  He then called the play and they hustled to the scrimmage line.  Isiah nervously rechecked his mouthpiece for a second then carefully lined up on the right side, making sure he wasn't offsides.  The QB had called a running play so he didn't have to actually do much.  Make a half-hearted attempt at running a pass route, something to make the defense think the opposite of what play might have been called.  It was fruitless, really, ineffective because in modern football formations more or less gave away what the play called was going to be.  Metrics had long ago stripped football of any surprises as statistics were culled down to a functioning science and passed onto every coach alive and breathing.  
His very first action as a pro was doing a lazy down and out as the running back plunged down the middle for an uneventful two maybe three yards.  Such was the life of a wide receiver, he thought, smiling.  For the rest of the game, at least the two more quarters he actually played, he got to practice routes and make sure he remembered what the play called was.  At the end of the third quarter he finally got a pass thrown his way, which he gathered in even though it was thrown behind him on a slant.  He managed to shake off a tackler and bring his YAC (yards after catch) up to ten yards.  Now he was officially in the books, pre-season status not withstanding.  
The team then returned to Miami, losers of their first pre-season game that no one seemed to care about.  A general wave of apathy rested comfortably on the plane.  Another pre-season game was in the rearview mirror.  Get ready for the next one, while the coach looked over the injury report hoping he wouldn't see what he didn't want to see.  Come Sunday, there would be another staged and televised exercise in futility.  
More games came, with Isiah pulling down a half dozen or more wobbly passes.  One in particular led to a TD and the team's first pre-season victory.  A couple coaches praised his effort, making him feel he might be invulnerable to being axed.  A stringent look at his personal stats went in the right direction.  No penalties.  No drops.  No injuries.  To him, it sure looked like a lock, like he was ready to play in front of a nation so addicted to sports metaphors they were embedded in the language.  He had earned his place on the roster.
The regular season waited like a cocked trap.  Against a divisional rival at that.  Hated.  Feared.  Totally embarrassed by last season.  It was a home game, with Miami ready to unleash their special weapon, one that had taken down plenty of opponents in the past as they eventually wilted, succumbing by the fourth quarter.  Low 90's.  Humidity over 70 percent.  The weather was the twelfth man, a formidable obstacle for most teams when they jetted into South Florida and were invariably unprepared to deal with the monster climatic onslaught.  By the end of the game they would be praying for breath that didn't come in gulps of sticky, viscose sludge. 
Being now acclimated, Isiah could last easily all game.  The dense air didn't bushwhack him as he ran through his routes.  Heat didn't seem to insinuate itself into his lungs any more.  He had moved up a few rungs and was expected to come in on third down plays to provide another weapon to pick up the first down.  He excelled at catching that extra yard.  Had a nose for the yard sticks.  In the NFL, more than almost anything, that was sacrosanct.  Gaining another first down was the secret to long drives, to success.  Keeping the defense on the field served two purposes.  It kept their offense off the field and it kept their defense sucking air on the field.  Especially in hot, inhospitable Miami, where seeing the secondary with their tongues hanging out resulted in good results for the home team.
The season was launched with a victory.  Ecstatic, hopeful fans in the seats, cheering.  Isiah was caught up in the rush of excitement.  First game in the pros.  Logging time on the field in meaningful situations, coaches confident in his skills.  Caught two passes.  One resulting in an important first down during the game deciding drive.  After the game, the locker room boomed with good vibes, casual back slapping, smiles, softball questions from sports reporters, while he sat at his locker and soaked it all up.  One sports guy on local radio even stopped by and did a quick interview.  Isiah jousted with him, tossing back answers easily. Smiling. Laughing.  It was a great and auspicious beginning to his career.
A long, unpredictable season lay ahead.  The head coach, the legend in residence, knew this more than anyone.  He did a post game talk in a closed door locker room session, telling his players that it had been an outstanding effort but now they had to keep it all in perspective.  Another worthy opponent was waiting for them next Sunday.  Savor the victory, rest up tomorrow, and be ready to get back at it on Tuesday.  It was simultaneously upbeat and sobering, a marvel of coaching technique.  All the players, veterans and rookies, knew the drill by now after years of competition.  A W in the win column was ephemeral.  Sports were never a continuum.  The mantle of success was often rickety, only measured up against the L's in the other column.  
Didn't matter.  Isiah returned to his apartment on a high, glad that he had contributed to the team.  His day off was spent sleeping in, vegetating in front of his TV after fielding several phone calls from relatives and friends back in Cincy.  He basked in the glow of admiration.  
Practices came and went.  Contact was reduced during the season for the most part, the team not wanting to incur any unnecessary injuries to key players.  Pads and shorts, the players preference, ruled the day.  Chalk talk.  Assistant coaches drew up expected plays from the other team, while on the offensive side they were briefed on the type of defense they were likely to face.
The NFL wasn't all that intricate.  The permutations of placement with twenty-two players on a 50X100 yard field weren't infinite.  At one time or another plays had been run against almost all variations of defensive alignments.  Surprises were few.  Often, it came down to skill levels pitted against skill levels at any given point during a game.  Along with impromptu mistakes.  Fumble.  Dropped pass.  Missed block on a field goal attempt.  Penalty.  Penalty.  Untimely penalty.  They too often provided the denouement to the ultimate outcome of a game.
Third game of the season.  Away.  Against a team from the other side, the NFC.  Isiah had always hated traveling to away games.  Hated the planes, the hotels, the other stadiums.  Being in hostile territory didn't bother him all that much.  Tuned out the boos.  No problem.  Even had a beer thrown on him during one game in college as he was returning to the locker room for half time.  No big deal.  Just concentrate on the business at hand.  
The Dolphins weren't expected to win.  Odds makers had them down by ten points, which was a slap in the face, a total show of disrespect that even pissed off the coaches, not to mention the local Miami sports media, who were as rabid as any other in the country.  The Dolphins had won their first two games.  Convincingly, too.  Mostly.  Always room for improvement.  The team seemed well prepared, ready on defense and offense.  Special teams had a few problems but nothing that proved to be disastrous.  "Firing on all cylinders!" one of the coaches had yelled out as the team left the field, taking their victory with them.  
Pep talks were integral to sports, invaluable.  Attitude assisted as well.  Team morale had to stay at a peak level so all the players were motivated.  Not a science.  More instinctual.  All the good coaches in the league were expert at controlling a group stimulus, like a competent officer in the military ranks who leads into battle.  
By now, Isiah was used to the intensity of NFL game day.  Three weeks in and he was closing in on being jaded by the experience.  Even at the pinnacle of the football world it seemed to be the same as High School or college ball.  Cheering fans.  Mounting anticipation.  It was the same but somehow different too.  More saturated, with indescribable fervor injected into the stadium scene.  So he sat at his locker and slowly prepped for the game, keeping his thoughts to himself.  Around him several other players were trading banter, embracing a loose attitude.  Others were listening to their headphones with personal choice of music burbling out, mostly inaudible to everyone else.  One player, a defensive lineman with a reputation for being, well, crazy, was whacking his locker door with a forearm shiver.  Once.  Twice.  Three times, before letting out a scream.  "All systems normal!" an assistant coach shouted out, laughing.
Isiah wasn't a "Rah! Rah!" type.  More reserved.  Verbally injecting manic enthusiasm into a pre-game ritual wasn't going to be doing anything for him.  Either you were there to win or you weren't, he reasoned.  Winning wasn't abstract.  In any way.  It was what defined you as an athlete.  Losing was, well, losing and shouldn't be an option.  Throughout his college career, particularly after having such an outstanding High School output, was grueling.  Loss after loss created a sense of failure that was not unlike an out of control virus.  It hurt.  Inside.  Scouring away at his purpose for competing.  There was no need for artificial measures to bolster his intent when he stepped out on that field.  He would always do his part.  The desire to win came second nature to him as he expected it did to most, if not all.
Pre-game warm ups he tolerated.  Ersatz drills in front of the early arriving fans only annoyed him.  He knew it was necessary, of course, but still didn't care for them.  Hours before kick off he would always be in game mode without fail.  It came natural to him as he let his mind slip into another dimension almost.  Years of prep had honed his mental outlook into a steely projection of what he wanted to happen within that bracketed time frame bordered by the omniscient time clock.  Football, like several other major sports, had a rhythm governed by minutes and seconds.  Countdowns.  Making for an alternate universe to interact in.  Another temporary cosmos, where giants roamed and fleet of foot trespassers tried to escape. 
It was a good game from a fan with a purist streak perspective.  Defensive struggle.  Very little points put up on the scoreboard.  Lots of strategic punts, as the two coaches played it safe.  By halftime, only four points separated the two teams.
In the visitor's locker room Isiah and his teammates nursed their injuries, while the coaches went over the statistics looking for an edge.  Being down 10 to 6 wasn't tragic of course but still worrisome.  The Dolphin offense had sputtered all game, going three in out continually.  Only managing two field goals and one of them had come after being handed a gift when the opposing QB clumsily dropped the snap and they were able to recover the fumble on the thirty yard line.  Yet they had managed to score a TD and a field goal as they stay glued to a solid game plan, one that ground out the yardage with a slow, methodical running game.  
Isiah sat on the locker room bench and let his mind drift as the coach went through his usual half time spiel.  Stay positive.  Stick to your assignments.  The usual.  Half time pep talks usually followed the tried and true pattern, rarely departing from the proverbial script.  Only once in all of his years playing football had a coach gone off script and that was in High School when the coach came into the locker room and bellowed out:  "You guys stink out there!"  That was all he said, besides muttering on his way back out: "This is some embarrassing shit."  It must have worked because in the second half they came back to win the game going away.  
Not one pass had come his way the entire half, so Isiah had played decoy for the most part.  It didn't take teams in the NFL long to detect the other team's tendencies.  Watching films was a science in the league.  Over and over.  Until almost every tell could be wrung out of the available data.  By now, a few games into the season, every team knew what Isiah's role was on the team.  What alignment they were potentially going to run him out of.  Where his pass patterns might develop.  Sometimes it was spooky to see that the defender could quickly anticipate what the pass route he might be running.  Gridiron clairvoyance didn't come easily.  Assistant coaches went all bleary eyed from watching film so as to detect that little something that might put a chink in the other team's armor.
Half time over, the team trudged back out onto the field.  The second half of the football show was often chock full of anticlimactic drudgery.  It required you re-instill all of that initial enthusiasm back into a sleepy corpse, one that had slid down into a tranquil apathy.  The human body, especially the mind, didn't operate on cue most times.  It wasn't geared to to be instantaneous for the most part.  Re-invigorating came hard, as you had to restart the mind to tell the body that it was time for some more physical abuse.  It was a psychological conundrum of sorts.  Many teams often took the field after half time in a walking slumber.  Came out flat.  Unable to regenerate.  No one knew why, really.  Lack of proper locker room exhortation by the coach.  Not enough leaders on the team to direct what amounted to a charge up another hill.  The desire to win on the team had ebbed away and not been replaced by the correct level of intent.  Who knew?
Physically, Isiah felt fine, but, of course, that came on a sliding scale of nagging pain.  Football players were notorious for ignoring discomfort.  "Came with the uniform, right?" one of his college teammates had once said, grinning, who played half a season with a separated shoulder.  Hands full of ibuprofen was common.  Whirlpool treatment too.  By the end of the season you had become a partial aquatic creature.  Then there was ice, bags and bags of it, attached to all parts of your body by ingenious tie on methods dreamed up by team trainers.  Football made a mockery of the human body's inherent vulnerability.
The Dolphins received the kickoff after half time and promptly went three and out.  Again.  The battle of the wills continued, with each head coach staring across the field, inadvertently pantomiming out their mutual obstinacy.  The players were like pieces on a chess board in a game destined to be called a draw.  
It was the middle of the fourth quarter when the change came, the one thing that sometimes alters the final score.  The Dolphins had gotten the ball back with good field position after their punter had shanked a punt, sending it limping out of bounds.  "Fucking idiot!" could be heard by the dismayed special teams coach, directed at his punter, who slinked off the field at the far end of the bench so as not to receive a raw dressing down on the side line by the irate coach.  
Interest on the Dolphin sideline perked up now, feeling the moment coming.  The offense promptly ripped off an eight yard run, and then a ten yard pass completion.  "We're moving now," one of the assistant coaches called out, clapping his hands together.  After two inconsequential running plays, they were stalled again.  Third and five.  Isiah was sent in.  "This is it," the QB said in the huddle.  Everyone knew what he meant.  Only minutes remained.  Had to be a TD.  One way or another.  On the ground.  Through the air.  Didn't matter.  Get it done.
They broke the huddle and Isiah lined up far right.  Across from him he could see the cornerback staring at him as he clinched and unclinched his hands.  The peculiar jousting between wide receiver and cornerback in football was one that pivoted on respect, respect for each other's skills.  Speed, agility, and the ability to forget mistakes was the cornerstone of the positions.  You had to forget about the pass that just dropped over your outstretched hand for a TD, put that memory away, bury it even because there was going to be others coming along, soon.  On the opposite side, you had to have instant amnesia about that pass you dropped, wide open, with no defender within three or four yards of you.  Resulting in no first down or, worse, no TD.  Like being out there on an island, so they often said.
The ball was snapped and Isiah sprung forward then snapped off a quick slant, catching the ball between the linebackers reaching hand and the cornerback.  First down, by four yards.  Move the fucking yard sticks.  The cornerback yelled out something but Isiah ignored it.  Taunting from corners was common, like some sort of unknown patois only spoken in the NFL.  He seldom, if ever, returned verbal fire.  Wasn't productive.  Counterproductive in fact.  
They drove down to the twenty-five yard line.  Field goal was of no help.  Got to score a TD, so said the QB several times.  Play called, Isiah lined up on the left side.  Different cornerback, who glowered at him from across the scrimmage line, slapping at his thigh pads continually.  It was second down and two.  Good metrics for the offense.  Could be a run.  Could be a pass play.  Let the defense guess.
Isiah ran a lazy across pattern waiting for the play to develop just the least bit then picked up his speed.  The pass, perfectly thrown, was waiting for him as he cleared the secondary momentarily.  He gathered it in with his left hand and not breaking stride headed for the goal line.  Briefly there was a footrace between him and an overmatched strong safety before he then  breezed into the endzone as a funereal groan rippled around the stadium.
Endzone celebrations had become an event in themselves by some of the players, so much so that the rules makers had contemplated clamping down on them, deeming them unworthy of any sort of sportsmanship.  No fear there.  Isiah had never been demonstrative about any of his actions during games.  In basketball, after a crushing slam, he never thumped his chest or taunted the other player he had victimized (posterized).  His TD's were business like almost.  Put the six on the board then toss the ball to the ref, easily done.  Until the next time.  "Not flashy," his father like to say, smiling proudly.  "Don't have to worry about any sort of flamboyance out of him," so said one of the scouts.  
On the Dolphins sidelines came the whooping, as they high fived him on his way back.  The coach smiled at him, nodding approvingly.  The extra point kick put an exclamation point on the end.  The Dolphins were still undefeated.  After the game the coach gave him the game ball, which he received graciously, head down, unable to accept too much praise without feeling uneasy.  He knew when he got back home his dad would be calling to tell him he had watched the game with some friends and just how proud he was of his son when he scored the winning TD. 
 In sports, you lived for the highs and didn't think about the lows.  Not productive.  Isiah was beginning to think he had done it, arrived, actually become a pro football player.  On sports radio the next day they would be talking about him, analyzing, dissecting, always passing some kind of judgment.  The fickleness of fans ruled sports, be it baseball, basketball, hockey, whatever.  The chatter littered the airwaves and in print.  Sports writers were their own special breed of journalist, populated by frustrated athletes and opinionated fools, eager to grab a story or dispel any lingering resentment at having been born too small, too slow, too uncoordinated.  Can't hit that curve ball.  Regulated to High School level of play.  Five feet and change, can't compete against the red woods.  Ingest all the protein drinks in the world and still a buck seventy-five, not many college scholarships coming your way.  Plan B:  tap those keys, bring in those five to a thousand word screeds or mumble into that microphone in between commercials for used cars and fast food emporiums. Then again it was a symbiotic relationship between athlete and sports writer as they lived off each other in order to survive.
Isiah didn't particularly like that aspect of his sports world.  Not at all.  Interviews annoyed him as they almost always put him on the defensive.  Early on, in college, he had been a surly interview for the most part.  Sarcastic too.  The University paper coddled him because he was, in UC environs, a star.  Big fish.  Small pond.  Cincinnati, while not wedged into some backwater region, was still a small market.  At one time there had been a pro basketball franchise but it pulled up stakes and left town long ago.  For the most part it was a baseball town, with the Reds having won the World series in 90.  The big time colleges in the city were mostly underachievers that impressed no one and were more or less an after thought in the community.
Miami had a radio sports presence, one that seemed to breed cantankerous sports guys that liked to "stir it up" on air, bringing in the invested and often angry callers.  Call in shows brought moths to flame all manner of rabid fan, which made for entertaining radio listening and, of course, ratings.  Bashing the home team after a loss was de rigueur most days but there was also a surfeit of "homers," the ones who would never be dislodged from a favorable view of the home team.  
After his winning TD, Isiah couldn't help himself as he was enjoying his day off, still basking in the glow of his singular catch, and he turned on the radio in his car as he was off to the beach.  There, on the dial, one of the most popular shows on the radio, was his name being mentioned.  Over and over.  Most positive.  How he was a great pick up in the draft.  Nose for the ball.  Great hands.  Able to run with the ball in the open field.  Deceptive speed.
It went on, with the host agreeing for the most part as he tried to tamp down some of the enthusiasm echoing on the call line.  Just one game.  Don't get carried away.  Played at a lousy college on a lousy team, against inferior competition.  Lucky to even be in the NFL, really.  Good attitude though.  Wait until the rest of the league discovers him.  Will be ready.  Plan against him, perhaps.  Defensive adjustments coming.
"Fuck you," Isiah shouted at the dash board, smacking it with his hand.  "Ain't got nothing for me, mutterfucker."  He laughed and thought about the host of the show, some fat guy with a big mouth that he thought wanted to be a pro player so bad when he was growing up it hurt to even think about it.  Now, he passed judgment five days a week for several hours a day.  Telling his listeners what they wanted to hear or, to his credit, not what they wanted to hear.  That was in the DNA of talk radio, commentary that reflected the mood of the community as it supplied a release valve for the percolating angst going on out there, and the sports world had plenty to go around.  Everyone in that sphere suffered from identity psychosis most of the time when the home team lost.  Naturally, on the other side of things, the euphoria of winning the Super Bowl, the World Series, the Larry O'Brien Trophy, the Stanley Cup, and on down to the college end of achievements lent a hand in providing a community sense of well being.  
Fits and starts, as they say.  The season trudged on.  Win a few.  Lose a few.  In the end, the Dolphins sputtered to an uninspiring record and just missed the playoffs.  Isiah, although he wouldn't admit it to himself, hated the thought of being on another losing team.  Being in the NFL, one of the chosen few, didn't mitigate his disappointment.  Not at all.  Sometimes it seemed like things were stacked against him even though he had realized his life long dream of becoming a pro football player.  
Back home, his parents waited for him to return for the off-season.  To his amusement, his dad had taken to wearing a Dolphin baseball cap around the neighborhood and at work, ignoring the fisheye looks from neighbors and the constant ribbing from his co-workers.  Isiah had committed to returning.  Not for the entire routine sabbatical all pro athletes enjoyed every year.  Of recent, in all of the pro sports, there really wasn't much of an off-season, one of any lasting duration anyway.  You were expected to stay in shape, to continue your conditioning, keeping you fine tuned for another go round.  With Isiah, no problem.  He was dedicated to a regimen that kept him in optimal conditioning.  It was prudent besides smart.  Atrophied muscles spelled trouble, like trying to start a cold engine in winter.  The pro franchises made it easy to maintain your level of physical peakness, having decided that a contributing player was at his best when their body was not allowed to decline even for a short time.  
He was conflicted about establishing any concrete timeline about going back home.  South Florida was slowly becoming his new home.  Several of the players were permanent residents and had encouraged him to make an effort to get to know the area more.  At first, he had been reluctant to delve into what Florida had to offer.  Cincinnati had been his home for all of his life.  He knew nothing else.  Gradually though he began to go out with friends and got to know more about what the region had:  deep sea fishing with an assistant coach, who owned a boat and had years of experience on the water, attending basketball games, often visually feted on the overhead screen for being in attendance, spending hot nights at Marlin games, slugging down beers with some other players while the game continued its usual lugubrious pace, and nights out on South Beach sharing time at clubs with Euro models in town for photo shoots.  It was a young man's nirvana writ small or large if you embraced all of it.
Season two came too quickly.  There had been the established meetings and workouts before hand but the summer brought the real thing.  In pads, again.  By now he was accustomed to the hellish Florida heat and humidity.  Being acclimated made some of the practices easier but not entirely.  Florida had a way of sapping your strength in brutish waves of climatic horror, with soaring temperatures and humidity so thick it strangled your respiratory system.  Dehydration stalked you too and was heartless in its attempts to deplete every drop of moisture inside you.  Sweat came in rivulets.  Heat exposure sneaked up on the unsuspecting, leveling a person when they weren't vigilant enough.  
Isiah was prepared, having spent many a day working out in the outdoors.  Games of hoops in the broiling sun at a local park with a group of guys from the gym.  Pumping iron in a friend's backyard as the mid-morning relative coolness gave way to crushing temps.  Riding the bike one of his trainers had urged him to buy on the broadwalk in a neighboring town, late afternoon, with the sun descending out over the Everglades. There really was little to no down time.
Per usual, the PR for the team had geared up for another season and let it be known that the Dolphins had a new attitude for the season that was going to translate into more success.  It was the usual gambit all the NFL teams used to drum up excitement for another season, which often was a smoke screen, something to juice up the fans to subconsciously commit to one more go.  Buy those season tickets, please.  Plunk down the bucks.  Plop your ass down in that stadium seat.  This year could be the one.  Right.  To.  The.  Super Bowl.  No need to intellectualize it.  Don't think about the fact that there are twenty-nine other teams out there contemplating the very same thing.  In real time.  Now.  Anticipating the big reward.  
"The man's got mucho poise," one of the radio talkers had said the day football practice started for real.  It was in reference to Isiah, a succinct evaluation of where he thought he fit on the roster.  Going on to say, "I like his chances of having a break out year."  Isiah hadn't heard him say it but was told by another player on the team, one of his new friends.  He had said it mockingly, laughing, elbowing him as they were getting ready for practice.  The two of them had become good friends in the off season.  The Dolphins were his second team, having been traded the year before from the Vikings.  "Yo, brother, you haven't seen cold until you've been in Minnesota for the winter," he had stated, summing up his two seasons on the frozen tundra of the upper mid-West.  He played tight end and was used mostly for blocking even though he had an All American career for a Pac 12 college that included plenty of receptions thrown to him by a Heisman Trophy candidate.  Such were the vagaries of coaching decisions in the NFL on occasion.
Isiah was, in spirit, becoming a Floridian, having been back to Cincinnati infrequently.  The city seemed somehow claustrophobic now, penned in by a dominate river and a series of brooding hills.  In the Sunshine State there was an abundance of sunshine of course but what seemed like a boundless sky with ever changing clouds scudding by, to go along with a giant expanse of water glistening under the angry sun.  He was getting more and more used to an existence that almost demanded wearing shorts, with flip-flops most of the time.  Along with an attitude to match.
Cincy couldn't shake off its mid-Western personality even though geographically it was straddling two different zones of influence.  Although his parents still pestered him about coming home for visits, he managed to fend off their entreaties, countering with invites for them to come to Florida, knowing, hoping they wouldn't take the bait.  His parent's preoccupation with a church-centric life created friction at times, especially since he had long ago slipped away from Jesus in any form or fashion, only paying any pursuit of Christianity lip service when need be.  It wasn't that he had become an atheist, disregarding his parent's sincere beliefs but that he just didn't have any interest in any spiritual guidance offered by their (or any) brand of religion.  
"Best be finding a nice girl down there, Isiah," his mother would declare in that tone she often used when she wanted her son to listen to her, that she had something important to impart to him and he had better pay attention.  His mother meant a girl with religion.  One that would usher him back into the bosom of a church, preferably one that shared in her ideation of God and Jesus Christ.  
"I'll let you know when I do," he would reply, trying not to laugh so as not to let his mother know that he wasn't going to be seeking out a woman solely for the reason of attending Sunday Services, something he hadn't done in several years.  While at UC, he had begged off going to church so many times he grew weary of devising excuses, like:  Gots to study or Coach got me doing something or I need to catch up on some sleep.  His litany of excuses were met with grumbles but he prevailed.  
A woman in his life had begun to gain momentum in his parent's mindset.  During long phone calls they would tag team him at the same time on two different extensions, wanting to know why he hadn't found anyone yet.  His mother offered to provide a list of girls, young women she knew from Church eager to meet him.  It provided him with more ammunition in his mind not to return home any time soon.  
Companionship came often.  Easy.  He was young.  Good looking.   And a Miami Dolphin.  A trifecta.  Leading to a dizzying array of young women passing through his apartment.  White.  Black.  Foreign.  American born.  A rainbow of ethnicity too.  The off-season was an incubator for parties for him to go to.  Clubs too.  Quick trips to the Bahamas on a private plane owned by a friend of the owner of the Dolphins.  Wedged in the small plane with famous tennis players, super models, and other creatures that inhabited the fringes of the good life in South Florida, where money and drugs were intricately linked.  
His agent, a man who ran a boutique sports agency out of his ocean front condo and always set at least two hours a day to sunbathe on the beach, had warned him by saying:  “Isiah, find something to hold onto down here because if you don't you're going to get swept away real fast."  Wise words, even if they came from a guy who snorted lines before breakfast and never missed a party if he could help it.  Isiah was just glad that he remembered his name and showed some interest in him because he was definitely one of his least known clients in the pecking order of fame.  Light weight.  Little known.  Constantly bumping up against the recognition factor when it came to South Florida's stable of sports stars, movie and TV personages, along with some more notorious types that showed up in the news.   That had become his life.
Just a blip, really, so he believed.  Didn't matter all that much.  He was doing what he loved to do and getting paid for it.  Still. It was grueling in its way.  Football was all about injury or, at least, trying to avoid one.  The human body was exquisitely fragile, even though his athletic tribe worked long, hard hours in a gym and on the field to perfect this and that set of muscles in order to combat the continual beating that came their way.  Football players were a physical therapist's waking nightmare, perpetual clients that kept them in business.  Restructuring broken parts, not unlike some demented mechanic on a faulty assembly line, they toiled to put it all back together again.  Keep the machine running.  
To date, Isiah had been mostly lucky, fortunate to not have any critical injuries, just some strains and bruises to go with his usual mounting exhaustion.  Football seasons could be like that, a maelstrom of physical effort in an attempt to keep up with the demands the team needed to win.  Win, it really was all about that.  
For several games Isiah had been promoted to starter because the player in front of him had sustained a mangled knee injury, one that looked, after the omnipresent MRI had been performed, much worse.  Especially after seeing it on replay.  Over and over.  On the news, where the sports guy seemed to derive some sort of perverted pleasure in showing the play that caused the injury.  "Look away, kiddies," he had actually joked on air as the film rolled.  Crushing tackles seemed to ignite some egregious glee in some quarters out there with the viewership.  Remarkably, the player was back after a three game respite, ready to go.  In the interim Isiah hadn't done much to distinguish himself, except to keep the spot warm.  A few catches, nothing earth shattering.  
The team began a slide late in the season that they couldn't recover from.  Too many injuries with too few replacements.  Result:  too many losses.  The hometown fans were livid.  Crazy mad.  The talk shows ignited with indignation at all the lopsided scores.  It got ugly.  Fast.  The head coach, the NFL grandee, was apoplectic most days.  At practice.  During the games.  In the locker room.  Group despair soon nestled in the players heads.  It was all an unraveling that some of the players hadn't seen before because they had been on winning programs in college, never having to experience the corrosive side of sports.  For Isiah, it was no big deal.  Same old.  Same old.  He had seen plenty of coaches melt down.  Routine shit.
There was no gnashing of teeth for him.  Nope.  Just do my job, he thought, chugging along until the season sputtered to a stop.  Been there.  Done that type of thing.  Ain't gonna get all upset about it.  
Coaches of every stripe seldom did non-chalance.  Didn't compute most times.  Attitudes were like adrenaline in that they had to be primed, continually.  Injected with some kind of mental stimuli.  Anything.  Something to keep up a certain level of, well, insanity.  All in all, when it was stripped down to its very essence, football was all about creating a play world in which the participants on the field had to fashion an imaginary world in which they were going to succeed at all costs.  Call it deconstructed existentialism.  Unplug your mind and let sheer physicality take control.  
By the last game, with nothing on the line and most fans trying to scalp off their tickets for next to nothing, the Dolphins were sniffing the fumes of defeat, of a disastrous season.  So much promise had evaporated.  Poof.  Gone.  All those practices in Hades adjacent August were for naught.  Expectations had been eviscerated, left to die on the sideline.  Even the preternatural cheerful cheerleaders were spent, all out of ersatz enthusiasm.  Right down to that stupid idiot mascot in the Dolphin costume, everyone was embarrassed by what had gone down.  Sad too.  What could have been?  
The head coach knew he had let another chance slip away.  Right down the drain.  His chances of returning to the top had dwindled down to nothing.  He was aging right out of the league.  Already fans were calling for his firing or at least some kind of respectful resignation.  Take your dusty trophies and go home.  Preferably back to that homey mid-West state that hatched you back in the day.  Sure, we'll give you a nice send off, with a party too.  Throw in some signed memorabilia.  Hell, the mayor might even attend. 
Soldier on.  Cash your paycheck.  You were still a pro football player, a Dolphin.  If not a star, then semi-famous in certain circles.  The locals were always thrilled to rub up against a football player.  Most times.  There was that one time at a fast food place when Isiah had a greasy encounter with a putative fan.  He wanted to vent, apparently.  "You're a Dolphin, right? You guys stink!" he declared in what appeared to be a drunken slur.  Might have been his cracker accent leftover from the old Florida, the one where Cubans were safely ensconced on an island ninety miles due south.  His gravelly drawl attracted the attention of some of the other patrons.  Some aghast.  Some amused.  "What's that?" Isiah wanted to know, trying to decide whether or not to engage with the obviously disappointed NFL aficionado.  "You heard me," he exclaimed, pointing at one of his ears.  "Said you guys stunk up the league.  No defense.  Lousy offense.  Stupid coach," he summed up, proud of his summation.  "Got it," Isiah replied, moving on, putting distance between him and the impromptu evaluation of the Dolphin's season.  
It was a harbinger of sorts.  Isiah, although he didn't realize it at the time, was living the prologue to the rest of his life.  In living color.  Little did he know the free fall had begun.



Chapter 5  Tyreke

There were times when Tyreke wondered about his father.  Not all that often though.  His life was influenced by two women, his grand mother and his mother.  The latter much less because of her frequent absences.  By the time he was attending High School his mother had been in and out of rebab several times, often times ending up on the streets, lost in a haze of drug induced debilitation.  G-Ma, his grandmother, mother's side, was a dominate force in his life.  She was forever striving not to repeat the mistake she had made with her daughter.  Draconian rules trapped Tyreke within a picket fence of impenetrable boundaries.  
Infrequently, he came into contact with Maurice and Netty, usually around Christmas.  Being the beneficiary of surprise gifts made him emotionally queasy, especially after G-Ma assembled restrictions around the source of the gifts.  He knew who had given them to him, as he knew who his father was, but it wasn't a direct linkage, almost as if there were no bloodlines involved.  Removed.  Like a foster child receiving a generic gift from a stranger belonging to a far off charity.  
Life in the hood didn't make room for any genealogical explorations.  Wasn't all that relevant.  Minutes ground on and then there were years behind them.  Progress scant.  Just another day ahead.  More competing for dwindling resources.
Tyreke didn't suffer.  Not all that much.  G-Ma was a resourceful manager.  She kept him in clothes.  Fed him regularly.  And spent large chunks of time delivering a panoply of sourced morals, buttressed by weekly visits to church, with him in tow.  Right up until his senior year of High School when his recalcitrance began to take shape.  
Like his father, Tyreke was a good athlete.  Unlike his father, he was a good student.  Brought home good grades.  Consistently.  Almost effortlessly.  G-Ma, playing the stern commandant, demanded it.  
Drugs weren't an option.  Never.  G-Ma stood guard over that prospect in his life.  
Expectations for him were high.  College was in his future.  Several athletic scholarships materialized for his skills on a basketball court.  Point guard.  Not tall, six-one, an inch taller than his father.  Good handle.  Three point shot in his arsenal.  Potential: excellent..  In his senior year he averaged 18 points a game and led his team to the State finals.  Everyone likes a winner.  Didn't hurt that he had solid SAT's.
Tyreke possessed a preternatural calm about him.  More than just poise.  It was a composure that was unshakeable and served him well in close, down to the wire basketball games.  As a coach you wanted the ball in this hands at the end of tight games.  Plenty comfortable with him taking that last shot.  It was ingrained in his personality.  His life had been spent within the confines of downtrodden spaces, where the mechanisms of living were often times compressed, wrung out by compromised outlooks.  Everyday was some sort of battle.  In time, the fortunate learned to adopt an attitude to aid in their personalized journeys through the maze of existence that required you to lean into the wind.  
"Hope you did your study time!" G-Ma bellowed out from the kitchen, deep into preparing another calorie packed breakfast, one that she was convinced a growing man needed in order to survive out there.
Tyreke smiled and looked at himself in the mirror for a moment.  "You know I did," he called back, laughing.
"Best be getting your rear end out here now," she chided, scooping up a spoon full of scrambled eggs and slapping them down on a plate.  
He loved his grandmother.  Like other boys in the hood he respected his surrogate parent.  Even feared her sometimes.  Could be exacting.  Wanting to correct her initial mistake, regretting her own offspring's missteps.  Grandmothers were often foundational residents of the neighborhood.  G-Ma was determined that Tyreke not take the road her daughter, Vanity, had taken.
Tyreke's senior year of High School was a whirlwind of activity, from an exciting basketball season, landing him in the news often.  Academically, he flourished in a system that usually demanded little of its students.  Easy for him.  Not all that challenging.  He had set his sights on several big name colleges, with big sports programs that were almost autonomous entities unto themselves.  A few trips had been taken already to scope out the surroundings, feel out the coaches, take in the campus atmosphere.  All the while G-Ma supervised and with a hands on approach.  Interrogating coaches made him squirm, as she asked and asked questions about everything from graduation rates to the colleges's culinary focus and on to the academic programs offered.  The coach would field the avalanche of questions as best he could, often never being able to launch into his usual spiel about the virtues of attending that particular University.
Although quietly embarrassed by G-Ma's domineering management, he enjoyed the attention lavished on him by the colleges.  Some smug, confident of their reputations, but never the less desirous of landing a prospect, especially if they were in need of a point guard, someone to lead them deep into the cut throat competition that was March Madness.  Tyreke didn't have any preferences, no leanings.  Unlike his father, he wasn't adverse to traveling away from home.  Conferences meant little to him.  More and more he found himself strangely detached from the entire process.  Almost apathetic.  At no point had he ever entertained the idea of not attending college, any college.  It had been expected of him since he was in middle school.  G-Ma made sure of that.
Yet he didn't seem to have any aspirations in that direction.  Even playing competitive basketball in front of screaming fans no longer registered with him.  Naturally, he was afraid to broach the subject with G-Ma, fearing what her response would be.  Besides, he didn't want to disappoint her.  Not now.  Not after what she had done for him when both of his parents left him in the lurch, parentless for the most part.  Disinterested.  Unconcerned.  Currently he hadn't seen his mother in over six months.  Gone.  Disappeared into the bowels of Cincinnati's drug scene, one step away from landing back in jail or court ordered rehab.  
Matters had changed for him recently.  At school, between classes.  Another direction had presented itself courtesy of the US military.  Tyreke was in the generation that came of age during the vaunted War On Terrorism, tied to perpetual battles against violent actors locked into warped visions of religious revivals that would restore their glorious versions of Islam at the expense of the invading Western nations.  Christians.  Crusade redux, in reverse.  Brought to you under the auspicious but dubious claims of disgruntled terrorists.
After 9/11, in a paroxysm of angry revenge, America was out to get payback for falling victim to an inattentive Intelligence community and general public ennui about standing grievances being aired almost daily around the globe.  Being a part of the much maligned Millennial grouping had its drawbacks.  Thought to be, in a word, clueless or, at least, narcissistic (self absorbed if you were being polite), the population cohort took a great of deal abuse.  Word of mouth.  In the media.  Tales of how the members of that age bracket fail to know how to do this or didn't respond in an XYZ manner were legend and seldom failed to draw the usual mocking response.  Mostly by the preceding generation of dominant Baby Boomers, usually classified as an insufferable collection of navel gazers wasting time on incredibly idiotic and self indulgent ventures as more and more they were straining to reach back to memories of how the 60's had been.  Check the music, please.  And the civic mindedness.  Ignore the insatiable desire to be the center of attention, if you can.  Please forgive us for the two wars in progress, brought to you on credit that you will have to pay for, btw.  Sorry.
Sociology wasn't on Tyreke's mind though.  On one fateful day he had come across a recruiter at school.  A pervasive and persistent patriotism had been instilled in the country after the terrorist assault that took down two tall, rectangular buildings in New York City.  Not one but two wars were underway concurrently.  The military, unlike before during a "conflict" with musty origins, over in a country that was often overlooked on a world map, leaving people uninterested in the outcome and mildly hostile to the men in uniform as a result, now the branches of the service were actively praised.  "Thanks for your service," had become a new greeting or salutation.  
Coddled in his world of sports, Tyreke had never given much thought to ever (never) enlisting.  Navy.  Army.  Air Force.  Marines.  Even the Coast Guard.  Ships, planes, tanks, moldy boots, none of it had entered his mind before.  Honor guards before games, standing guard while usually atrocious renditions of the National Anthem wailed,  was about as close as he got to recognizing what contribution was going on out there across the nation.  At this stage the wars had been pushed out of the news for the most part.  Briefly, there had been a national apology about how the Iraq adventure had developed, all the while over in Afghanistan the war effort had long gotten winded and was staggering towards an ever changing finish line.  On the homefront consumerism flexed its mighty muscle and the collective wisdom was out of sight, out of mind was a very good and practical aphorism to live by.  
Yet there was Sergeant so and so standing there, smiling, erect, in his camo uniform.  Quick with a word, like some seasoned grifter out to separate something from someone.  Lean on the inviolable merits of patriotism.  Works all the time.  Got to protect the homeland.  Never know when the next attack is coming.  Better to stop them over there...and there...there too.  No telling when there is trouble brewing.  Be on alert.  Sign right here.
High Schools and colleges were eager to assist the perpetual need for more recruits.  Got to feed the insatiable machine, as the different branches of the service jockeyed for a body with a pulse.  Standards had been steadily eroded in order to fill up the ranks.  Depletion was a problem as the national craze for revenge began to wane.  Unfiltered stories of a misguided war strategy slipped into the national consciousness, slow but steady.  Jingoism, even if religiously tinged, had a shelve life like most everything else.
"Got a minute?" the Sergeant wanted to know, smiling, always.  
"What's going on?" Tyreke replied, not wanting to appear disrespectful to a man in uniform.  Be deferential.  Humor him.
"Ever thought of looking into joining the Air Force?" he asked, beaming with military rectitude in his crisp BDU that looked freshly laundered, because of course wearing combat style clothes was permitted since they (we) were at war.  
"Nah," Tyreke answered, now wishing he had just kept walking, not wanting to engage in a conversation that was way outside his purview.  College, on the horizon. Girls. Sports, always.  Music, every day.  That was his wheel house of interest, like almost every other male existing out there.  
"Serve your country...get some money for college too," the Sergeant sang out, nodding, and smiling.  "You look like you might be special forces material to me."
Somehow this endorsement of his physical capabilities triggered something in Tyreke.  He knew, admittedly only on a really vague level, that his grand father had served and fought in Viet Nam.  Got a medal.  Shot some gooks.  It didn't register all that much.  Fighting in a war that seemed like it happened in some parallel universe might as well have been science fiction to him.  Read about it in some books.  Contemporary history class.  Saw some pictures too.  Bad ass imagery that shook a nation and brought down a house of cards built on Intel grimy with lies.  What's new?  
"Air Force got Special Forces?" he wanted to know, momentarily mystified, only believing the celebrated Seals from the Navy and maybe some left over field grunts in the Army might be classified as Special anything.  
"You betcha," the Sergeant crowed, leaning slightly towards Tyreke like he might be revealing a national secret.  "Interested?"

G-Ma would attribute the "dumbass" decision to the death of his mother.  Vanity, once she attached herself to the drug world, never came back.  Like many in the Heartland, she succumbed to the opioid epidemic in full bloom out there.  Got off heroin only to fall victim to the onslaught of easily acquired prescription drugs.  Never really ever enjoyed normalcy in her life. Died in one of those often repeated scenarios that made statistics bulge with sadness.  Just another overdose.  Very (very) routine.  Disheartening more from the fact that it was happening so often out there in urban and rural areas.  Ohio in many ways was ground zero for the scourge happening.  Brought to you by venal Big Pharma, ever ready to provide a source of addiction in exchange for a boost for the shareholder's quarterly report.  It was all diabolically simplistic.  An economic given:  supply and demand.  The latter primed by relentless marketing and less than ethical sales practices to naive and yes rapacious doctors.  Very successful from one point of view.  
The news came belatedly to Tyreke, arriving like a whisper in the wind from an almost robotic voice over the phone.  Some police officer in a harried moment in between clerical housekeeping passed on the news.  G-Ma was at work.  Out of the immediate loop.  "Look son, the police officer announced into the phone, "you're momma passed on yesterday.  Drug overdose.  Anyone else at home I can talk to about this?"  Tyreke told him there wasn't, as the import of what the police officer was saying washed over him for a moment.  Mother in name only, registered in his thoughts.  Yet an unusual emotion crept up on him and he wanted just to get off the phone.  The police officer went on to offer some details but they were lost to Tyreke, who hung up.  
That was weeks ago, the news.  Hasty arrangements had been made and Vanity, his mother, was put to rest in a small ceremony at a local church.  Isiah didn't attend.  Maurice and Netty stood in for him.  Vanity's life had been shelved years before.  Contact had been minimal.  She drifted away.  Then died.  In a vacant apartment in a soon to be condemned building.  It was the visceral punctuation to a life never lived, so said someone about all the lives being ended out there from the opioid epidemic.   
Tyreke didn't know how to feel about his mother's death.  It somehow seemed like responding to a stranger's or maybe a distant relative's passing.  Any emotional connection had been snuffed out long ago after years of his mother being absent from his life.  G-Ma, for the most part, had shielded him from her, fearing that she might be radioactive and the fallout from her reckless lifestyle would harm him.  
Sure, his mother's death might have caused him to veer off course.  Yet buried deep inside him was an impulse to do something outside the scope of what was expected of him.  As a black male, a young man, he could only stare at a limited horizon most times.  Societal boundaries set up and strengthened over the decades dictated the rules.  Grab it.  Take hold.  Athletics.  Skills.  They were two equalizers, able to mitigate the standing barriers in existence that were being fortified over and over.  Look.  Take the way out.
Of course, the military was another life line.  Had been for quite some time.  Reliable.
"You are not gonna join no Army, Tyreke," G-Ma stated firmly, blocking him in the hallway.  "Don't be stupid.  Not now.  Not after you worked for this," she declared, holding up a letter from a large University with a glowing reputation, the one that offered a free ride with all of the juicy intangibles that went along with it.
"Air Force," he corrected, trying not to inflame the situation any more than it already was.
"Same damn thing, Tyreke!" she shouted, glowering at him now, clearly upset.
"Calm down, G-Ma," he said, trying to soothe her as best he could, knowing that when she got her temper up she could be unmovable.
"Don't be telling me to calm down now," she shot back.  "Look here, you got another one of these," she announced, shaking the letter at him.  "This is money, Tyreke.  Right here.  A ticket out of here.  You got to take it, son.  I mean it.  Going into some damn military ain't gonna do nuthin' for you, Tyreke.  Nuthin’."
This was now their third or fourth argument about the very same subject.  He was losing ground rapidly.  In his mind, he had already enlisted.  His mind had been made up.  College didn't interest him any longer.  Basketball either.  It was time to change it up.  Everything.

USAF.  It was a late comer to the US Military complex, having been founded in 1947.  In comparison:  Navy, Army, and Marines were all founded in 1775.  As a result, it lacked any sense of history or even real gravitas.  Eventual legitimacy took time.  Years.  Silly blue uniforms didn't help.  During World War II the Navy and the Army took up the mantle that included attacking from the sky.  As technology advanced, and it became obvious air warfare was going to be an integral aspect of any battle campaign, another separate branch of the service was stood up.  Wild Blue Yonder...indeed.
Tyreke wasn't concerned with any backbiting between the branches of the service or established pecking order for bragging rights.  He wanted to challenge himself.  And that came in the form of attempting to become a member of AFSOC, the Air Force special Operations, specifically a PJ.  The recruiter had done his job effectively.  Simply wanting to do something different.  Change it up.  He was easy prey, susceptible to the pitch.  G-Ma might have been right, right about his mother's death affecting him, but he wasn't prepared to go there.  Not now.  Any introspection was definitely counter productive.  Yet he knew it had triggered something in him, made him suddenly see his life in a different light.  His school, the neighborhood, home life, it all seemed to be closing in on him.  Trapped, feeling somehow claustrophobic, was new to him.  Disturbing.  Upsetting his planned trajectory, one that had been nourished over the years by hard work that played off his natural born talents.  
Feeling desperate, G-Ma visited Maurice, hoping to convince him to join in the effort to get Tyreke to change his mind.  Hard pill to swallow.  The detente between her and the other grand parents was tenuous at best.  She permitted very few visits, mostly on the holidays.  To her, Isiah had abdicated his duties and as a result they weren't deserving of any privileges when it came to parenting Tyreke.  It was a flashpoint that G-Ma never could get past.
"You gotta help me here," she exclaimed, eyeing Maurice closely, as Netta looked on from the kitchen door.
Maurice was still reeling slightly from having G-Ma show up at his door.  Contact between them was infrequent, if at all.  Last Christmas she had asked him to deposit his gifts for Tyreke by the door.  After so many years of being dismissed by her, Maurice took it in stride.  He too was ashamed how his son acted as a father.  Netta managed to keep her distance, even though she strongly disapproved of how they were treated and often wanted to voice her displeasure.  
"I can't tell the boy what to do," Maurice protested, as Netta stood in the background and held her tongue.
G-Ma stared at him for a moment, then said, "You were in the Army...tell him how bad it is.  Tell him--"
"I...I can't get him to do something he don't wanta do," Maurice continued, shaking his head no.
"Tyreke don't know us," Netta called out, controlling her anger.
"Just tell him not to go in the Air Force...to go to college," G-Ma demanded.  "You gotta do that, Maurice.  Tell him about war, about how bad it gets.  That...that is what you should say to him.  I can't have my boy going off to no war...to die."
Maurice met with Tyreke but nothing came of it.  He told him of war, of its brutal character and merciless aftermath.  Tyreke listened.  Tales of horror were removed, lost to time and blocked by the decision he had already made.  His life was swinging on different existential hinges.  In his mind he had vacated his past and was moving on towards an uncertain future.  It didn't scare him.  He relished the thought of what might be ahead.

BMT (Basic Military Training) wasn't arduous.  Easy even.  Eight weeks, a breeze.  Not the hellish landscape of abuse and privation the Marines heaped on their recruits or the Army.  He was young.  He was fit.  Nothing bruised his sense of self worth either.  "Razor reasoning," he had read in a book before being inducted, written by some former member of the Special Forces about his time wearing the uniform and completing missions that went unreported, behind the scenes, in hot spots around the globe.  It was glamorous fodder for his young mind to ingest. 
Tyreke found difficulty with Texas, the site for his training.  It was hot.  Dusty.  Desert adjacent.   It was good for him to see different landscapes and climates, opened up his horizons more.  He was developing a thirst for novel experiences.  Making his curiosity hyperactive.  It was all prelude anyway.  The next step lay in front of him.
Garnering excellent scores and comments from some of the NCO's, he graduated with top honors.  It was an auspicious start.  Airman, E2.  AFSC1T2X1, that was the category, his slot in the military complex.  PJ for short. Pararescueman.  It was a little known niche in the Special Forces world, garnering little attention yet vital to the overall operational status of the operators in the field. Get the PAST (Physical Ability and Stamina Test) out of the way.  On to written tests with more confusing acronyms.  Done.  The struggle continued.
On to Georgia, jumping out of planes.  Nearby Florida was next.  Becoming intimately familiar with water.  In it.  Under it.  Through it.  Washington state.  North Carolina.  New Mexico.  He needed a travel guide.  Training stretched out for almost two years of what was fondly called "the pipeline."  Grueling personified, with diving courses and jump school, sandwiched between combat techniques and mind bruising medic training.  Making for a more than eighty percent attrition rate to come out the other end.  Months and months of learning new skills in order to be able to say:  That others may live.
In time, Tyreke would become a member of an elite group.  Able to wear the distinctive maroon beret.  With pride.  Like being a superstar.  Superhero even. 



PART TWO:  Im Tode Gleich (All Are Equal In Death)


Chapter 6:  Ernst Becker


On Google, the company, Ouroboros, garnered page after page of hits. With photos.  Good.  Bad.  Never indifferent. Housed in a turn of the last century building that had been converted into space for living and business, with the owner and CEO maximus residing on the top floor of the brick structure that concealed a sleek, modern corporation behind a restored brick veneer.  An incongruous Art Deco style florescent sign stood guard outside on the facade.  Looking closer, you could see the letter O was a snake eating its own tail.  It was a basilica of corporate power, complete with muscular technology and intimidating spread sheets that lounged in the black continually.  Greeting you at the front desk, in large black letters, was an ambiguous maxim from the founder, one of dozens all around, on every floor:  AN ORDER OF  MAGNITUDE FOR REALITY.  Throughout the hallways the workers were silently bombarded by neo-biblical and or scientific exhortations, often blended and intertwined for effect.  
"Like storms surging through your soul."  Another well known statement by the founder of the company, a one Ernst Becker.  Head shot included, showing a fit, tall guy with a shaved head.  Maybe late thirties.  His bio stretched on, and on.  Bright guy had rejected a bevy of Ivy League colleges, including Harvard and attended UC, the local college.  Got his BA and MA there, and then doctorate at Ohio State.  Home boy.
It was his field of work that gained him recognition. Microbiology was his specialty.  Got lots of awards and more importantly patents.  Not that he needed any more money because his dad had left him with a bundle.  The senior Becker was one of the early owners of the many breweries Cincinnati once had plenty of.  Now, not so much, as in none, if you excluded the several micro-brews in existence in the Over-the-Rhine area of the city.  It was a section with some crusty charm still clinging to the streets, where gentrification was taking hold slowly but surely.  Bringing the inexorable next stage of revitalization.  The name of the neighborhood came from back when the Germans resided there and thought the canal that had once been there reminded them of...well you know.  At present, the name just seemed like some oddball misnomer that only served to confuse people.
Walking the streets now you got not only the distinct whiff of beer bubbling away being brewed but a part of the city that wanted to appear nonchalant about their shared group desperation at being locked into the continuing urban renewal project underway.  The narrow streets and ancient (for America) buildings worked to lend a built in atmosphere that produced more pity than admiration.  
So Ernst was born into beer money and lived like a little prince for most of his life if not all of his life.  If he was a Cincy blue blood it didn't affect his outlook on life all that much.  The man wasn't going to be leaving the Ohio River behind.  Could have pulled up stakes at any time and moved on to New York or the coast but decided he was there to stay.  You didn't see that much any more, not in our media focused world where it all pretty much revolved around two city centers, one on each coast.  
His father had died a few years back and by all accounts it had been a blow to him.  By then the younger Becker had established himself as a microbiologist to be reckoned with.  Skipping a generation, as it often does, it was said young Ernst took after his grandfather more than his father, who was a live and let live type of businessman.  Apparently, he got along with all the other brewery owners and treated the beer business competition like a friendly game of cards.  The grandfather, not so much.  He had come over from the old country, some place in Bavaria, with one thing on his mind and that was making money.  He was responsible for the family motto, in German, that, more or less, spelled out his approach to business.  Im Tode Gleich was inscribed on the facade of the building and, to his detractors, in his business practices. All are equal in death came from some secret German society the grand father had carried with him to America. Didn't win him many friends, which was inversely related to the amount of money he made.  At least until the next Becker generation left the fortune on life support after mismanaging it so badly.  Ernst's father couldn't be blamed for the fickle nature of beer tastes and the inevitable consolidation of beer corporations, leaving little room for regional breweries to thrive. 
Ernst hated his name growing up.  Too...regional.  Teutonic, not that it mattered all that much in Cincinnati, a city chock full of Aryan blood coursing through the neighborhoods.  Still, the name spoke of hoary, Bavarian origins and not any good old American traits.  Like, in High School terms, for all your life you were destined to be the foreign exchange student nobody wants to know.  Fortunately, for him, a tidy fortune makes for some steady social engineering, as if there might be an inexhaustible bulldozer leading the way in front of you.  It didn't hurt that you were a good athlete as well, reasonably good looking, and, of course, rich.  Being in the upper economic strata of society came with plenty of guarantees in life.  
To his credit, he was what they like to call grounded.  Not pretentious, for the most part.  Easy to get along with.  Didn't denigrate those below him in status.  It helped that because of his grandfather's inordinate amount of domineering influence a high level of self-reliance was insisted on.  No servants, including a maid, cook, or nanny was ever on staff at their home.  His family detractors labeled it being cheap, tight with their money, but it was Grandfather Becker's outlook on life that prevailed, a philosophy that believed hard work started from the moment you woke up in the morning until when you lay your head down at night to go to sleep.  End result:  young Ernst had been making his bed, doing his laundry, cooking for himself, and numerous other household chores every since he had been a young boy. 
Served him well years later when he became known for statements such as:  "This will immolate what we know about physiology."  Declared at a ponderous TED talk, one of those gatherings of “thinkers” who spend time thinking about thinking.  To much acclaim if not head scratching.  He was referring to Crispr, the new science tech on the block.  Divide and distract had been his working mantra for a little while in the business end of the science world.  Never easy, the separating of money from wallets when it came time for funding.  Ding the government, of course, but with all of the rivulets of cash flowing through Silicon Valley, where so many venture capitalists sat around fondling their bank accounts, you had to penetrate the haze of self satisfied profiteering in existence on every corner.  Not always but most times you needed to establish some sort of beachhead then maintain an assault.  
Blowing through funding came with the territory, as they say.  The modern world of science had long since gone sclerotic, weighed down by a steady dose of intensified commerce, complete with mile long spread sheets complemented by in-your-face advertising that made the potential customer suddenly feel the need to sacrifice all reason in order to gain an upper hand against a mounting tide of diseases.  The world operated solely to combat something lurking out there and, at all cost, palliative measures had to be perfected against it.  
Ernst made money.  Lots.  His very first patent had been one that changed the entire focus of pain alleviation.  Taking the notion of simple aspirin and bringing it into the future.  Rapidly.  Reducing prostaglandin was old fashioned.  Totally inefficient.  Barbaric in its way because of the nasty side effects.  Ulcers.  GI complications.  Blood so thin it ran like water.  Besides, it was so ineffective against the conditions that really plagued the body, leaving steroidal meds to step into the fray, which brought a whole new set of problems to the front.  
That was ancient history now.  He had reshaped the world of pain care and reaped bundles of recompense.  Leading to the founding of his company, Ouroboros, a little juggernaut on Wall Street.  The minions on the street just loved the optics to go along with the quarterly reports.  Pain was big, big business.  Everyone could relate.  Daily.  Headaches from the grind at work, pop one.  Pulled that muscle bending over to pick up your shoulder bag full of loot, pop one.  Yoga instructor got you demonstrating the newest pose, leaving your groin crying for help, pop one.  Carpel screaming at you for playing way too many games over the weekend, pop one.  Cantankerous tooth not liking the gum decay all that much, pop one.  Tantric sex just a wee bit too strenuous for your ham strings and or quads, pop one.  A litany of bodily complaints could be extinguished and quickly. And safely. No nasty side effects lingering, hanging around to add another layer of problems on your body.   
Patents dry up, though.  Poof, cash cow can't moo anymore.  Generic brands flood in, greedily elbowing their way up to the trough.    Then the ground shifts and you hear the phrase you didn't want to hear:  Over the counter.  Walmart and company are suddenly your partners, similar to cousins once removed.  Your lovingly crafted logo that had brought a smile to so many faces over the years is slowly forgotten, buried under a pile of bland script in box store and national pharmacy colors.  Your contribution to helping mankind, once you remove all the altruism, is now obscured by elementary transactions at the self-check out.  An embossed bar code away.
He wasn't static.  Had plenty of irons in the fire.  Diversified.  Unlike his father, who sat by while the beer industry withered up and eventually went away, replaced by national brands and Americans disregard for regional tastes.  Pushed aside eventually by scheming micro-brewers with delightfully deceptive brands that traded on inane trends in beer imbibing and hipster word of mouth.  Ernst was also more ambitious.  Again, he was unlike his father, the man who gave his employees off for all the holidays and befriended the unions, always unconcerned about the world outside of Cincinnati and the beer universe in particular.  It had always been the grandfather's company, something he was born into and learned to accept the benefits from.  Being rich left him with a flexible degree of apathy, able to take life as it came.  Naturally it was much easier to do when your life came with a wide array of accoutrements to go with the necessary ones.  Ernst had seen his father lose the brewing company, barely managing to salvage a minimum, just enough to keep him comfortable for the rest of his life.  Having to watch as the brewery was dismantled and sold off, gutting a vibrant history almost over night, leaving plenty of workers unemployed and a pension sucking air.  It was humiliating and depressing.  
Ernst vowed that it wouldn't happen to him, that he would be adroit, attuned to the shifting winds out there.  As a result, he hired only people he could joust with, ones who would never resort to be yes men or women.  Sycophants need not apply.  In fact, right on his desk was a sign that read:  NO FAWNING.  
It was a relatively easy road.  His father insisted he attend Public School, which left an indelible mark on his upbringing, leaving little to no room for arrogance or displays of ostentation.  Although his mother didn't leave much of a parental mark, choosing to defer to her husband most times, she instilled in him a sense of community and charity towards others.  She was Cincinnati born and raised a devout Catholic. She was consistently involved in local events that reflected her religion's goals.  Together, they shaped his outlook on life.
Early on, Ernst was seen around the brewery, running errands, bonding with the workers, and learning all aspects of the business from the ground up.  It was obvious his aptitude for numbers was well developed at an early age.  The vast discipline of science rang true to him.  He delighted in seeing a vat of ingredients become something as simple and basic as beer.  Often times he could be seen dashing behind the scenes as the tours for the public were led through the plant, stopping to view just how beer was brewed.  "The boy's got beer in his blood," his dad was fond of saying, grinning, believing that the business would be in good hands in the future.
By the time he reached college age Ernst had decided he wanted to go beyond the simple chemistry of brewing beer and delve into microbiology.  His father was disappointed but saw that his son was destined for different things.  More advanced.  Future oriented.  Directly opposite what beer represented, a long (long) historical tradition that was embedded in civilization throughout history.  Ancient Egypt, with the Pharaohs buzzed during this and that festival.  On to monks in the middle-ages quaffing down tankards in between transcribing scripture sessions.  Ales.  Stouts.  Lagers.  The list goes on.  
Science, capital S, became his caretaker.  Loved text books stuffed with theories and, of course, numbers.  Figures that made their own universe.  Rambling equations spun tales of certainty, like nursery rhymes to a child.  They described what was and should be.  No equivocation.  Ambiguity was for the arts, where the subjective was heralded as a virtue and interpretation had a front seat at the performance.  
Didn't ring true for Ernst.  He fundamentally distrusted novels and the import they brandished on paper, in print, there for everyone to digest as it created its own world of mental squabbling.  Verbally designing characters to carry the banner in whatever plot was being developed only confused everyone.  Clarity wasn't an end goal, leaving in its wake an undulating landscape of bewilderment.  To him.  A man who never completed a book that had fiction confined within its covers.  Not productive.  Not enough time.  Life, like they said, was short, too short to indulge in the silliness that invariably surrounded ponderous tomes celebrated for heavy lidded heroes and or heroines.  He was squeamish around the humanities, made almost nauseous by the absence of base reality.  
His preoccupation with the well defined was instrumental in the failure of his marriage.  She was striving to be a teacher.  English teacher, where she was slated to become intimate with flawed characters and their propensity for failure to do something or other.  It was human nature on display.  With all of its sharp edges just waiting to inflict harm.  Romance gone bust.  Criminal instincts run amuck, only slightly dampened by societal circumstances and just for brief intervals while so and so goes mildly berserk before being reigned in by reflexive mores.  Sentences strung out on ripe dialogue plagued her sleep, as she drifted through disturbed slumber ensconced in some author's pulsating words.
They were a serious mismatch from the very beginning.  On that day they met, brought together at college in a class he was compelled to take.  Right there on that first day in class, while he stared at the syllabus and felt an uneasiness percolating in his stomach at the thought of having to read so many, to him, vacuous books, the ones written by maladjusted writers with constipated views of living life.  "Isn't this going to be fun?" she had asked him as the class was winding down, with the self important professor front and center spouting all sorts of nonsense, all delivered with a condescending sneer.  He had looked over at her, noticing her for the first time.  Quick assessment:  Brunette, slender, reading glasses on, haired pulled back into a pony tail, wearing a Chicago Cubs t-shirt.  Bold fashion statement, he reasoned being that they were in Cincinnati.  She was smiling back at him, waiting for an answer.  He nodded and replied:  "It's going to be something for sure."
They began dating.  A college romance, one of many on campus.  Two young people embarking on the next stage of their lives.  She was from the Chicago suburbs and found Cincinnati quaint, almost a smaller version of her hometown.  Both had the mid-west vibe.  Loved their baseball.  Looked askance at the coasts, embracing their geographical position on the map.  Had distinct neighborhoods that were part of the urban conglomerate.  Relative long history to look back on.  Then again, Chicago was much more influential, while Cincinnati was ensconced in a flimsy obscurity for the most part. 
For him, Ernst found the relationship he discovered himself in confounding.  She, Jan, was certainly "nice enough" (his description, given to college friends who asked) and appealing.  Graced with a vibrant personality to go along with her effortless beauty, Jan was easy to like.  Intelligent too, even weighed down with the usual Liberal Arts baggage.  Somehow they meshed their differences and traveled together through four years of college, enduring several relationship crises along the way but nothing out of the ordinary.  If not exactly boy friend/girl friend bliss, they were nevertheless happy the majority of the time.  
After graduation the two of them simultaneously came to the same conclusion and marriage came next.  With Jan traveling across the river in order to gain a graduate degree at a local college, he stayed at UC as he got deeper and deeper into his field of microbiology. They were both on track in their respective fields, destined for success.  With the house.  And children.  A timeworn destiny.
Might have been.  Could have been.  Nice tidy world in which to live in.  For him, a hometown to relish, continuing his love for the city.  Complete with a bonus of having in-laws safely five hours away, right up the interstate, close but far.  Holidays spent enjoying their company, always with the proviso that you would soon be returning to Ohio.  Waving good-bye.  Until next time.  Keep in touch.
For her, enjoying her new job in a new city with new friends.  Able to dash up to Chicago when need be.  Always a phone call away.  Keep tabs on Facebook.  Comment on the plethora of photos.  Homesickness kept at bay.  Nostalgia restrained by contemporary interactions.  Enjoy the blossoming marriage, if not all the exciting things happening with your continuing education.
They meshed, more or less.  At times, there was an oil and water admixture at work but they were able to overcome most possible abrasive contact points.  He relented and accompanied her to plays and art openings at local museums.  Lectures too, usually given by effete personages with, to him, zany world views that centered on the "human connection," a vague term that encompassed a propensity for gullibility and the fear of post modern anxiety.  As he would mock:  “God, not another requiem for us to look out for."  Jan would take the lightly applied sarcasm in stride, choosing to keep the peace, the armistice they had informally agreed to after getting married.  Secretly, she was relieved he didn't insist she go along with him to any of his science conferences or be called on to read any articles/tracts/dissertations on science arcana she understood little about.  No need for her to pretend to be interested in or, most times, understand.
She knew he wanted more out of his academic pursuits than simple career notches.  Loathe to admit, he still wanted to do something transactional, something that would not only register with the public and his peers but change the standing order.  Advances in science were often predicated on flexing your ego.  You had to register.  Be noticed.  Often fame was an apparatus that was used to shaking up the status quo.  Being prickly, with an abhorrent personality, didn't necessarily preclude you from success.  Any tenure in the vanguard of brilliant minds came with detractions.  Ernst was willing to risk that in order to leap frog over the conventional mindset and land on rarefied territory.  
They both knew, buried subconsciously perhaps, that they were on borrowed time.  Opposites repel in nature.  Can be immutable.  Marital problems can metastasize.  Gain a life all their own, like a parasite thriving outside their host.  Ernst going off to Columbus for his doctorate gave them a little breathing room but the die had more or less been cast early.  While Jan remained in Cincinnati, working out the kinks in her pedagogic undertakings, laboring away at a public High School, struggling against the rising tide of educational setbacks, their marriage stuttered along on life support.  
Meantime, there was no house, only an apartment in a quaint neighborhood that straddled the city limits. Although his father had passed on to him a slice of the wealth in the form of a trust, Ernst was reluctant to partake in the riches, choosing to hold on until he needed it for his next move into a career.  As a result, children weren't going to materialize, kept on hold by assiduously maintaining a stream of birth control.  Decision mutual.  No kids until later, after they had established a better economic foothold.  Ernst's bank account notwithstanding.  Time was precious, squeezed by commitments.  A light touch of exhaustion was always baying at the door, like a cantankerous house cat impatient for its bowl of canned food.  Anyway, schedules seldom seemed to align, creating their own form of cosmic confusion, where Tuesdays morphed into Thursdays, leaving Wednesday an orphan for another week.  
Having letters after his name didn't change Ernst all that much.  He gave his oral presentation to a group of men and one lonely woman, all of which seemed bored by the stream of words coming out of his mouth.  Just another doctoral candidate to clog up academia, which was way past room capacity.  Jobs were scarce.  Esteem shriveled to the nub.  Prestige sucked out almost completely, leaving behind only vestiges of what once had been.  Science, in America, had long since been relegated to the lower tiers in the public's mind, replaced by shiny objects that created noise and made merchandise move.  In places, it might as well have been some sort of middle-ages inversion, a redux in which knowledge was deemed harmful to your health.  
Ernst complained to his wife about how he finally attained the Holy Grail of education only to find there was no there...there.  Nothing.  One large, stinking void.  Nothing to gain any purchase for at least some degree of satisfaction.  Accomplishment.  Like finishing a marathon in last place only to find everyone has gone home.  "It was damn...hollow, yeah hollow," he had told her over the phone, sucking on a bottle of beer.  "It kinda sucks, you know."  His lament was met with a reflexive commiseration by Jan, who had always been unimpressed by the next rung up the academic ladder.  She had her MA.  Plenty enough.  Experience in the field counted for so much more than letters arranged in whatever order to symbolize whatever.  Fools gold.  Attaining this or that wasn't going to alter much professionally.  Not to her.  "Come on, honey, you did it!" she said brightly into the phone.  "Get on down here so we can celebrate."  There was silence on the line for a moment then he replied glumly:  "Yeah, I'll be back tomorrow, I guess." 
The two of them managed to sleep walk through five more years of marriage before the whole artifice collapsed.  Victim to general disinterest.  Beat down by harried work schedules too.  Arguments flared, of course.  Which were more and more difficult to recover from.  To apply an emotional patch to.  Hurtful words lingered, still stinging days later.  Anger ignited easily sometimes.  Their combined intellectual prowess erected barriers around themselves, as they marched towards the inevitable conclusion.
By then, Ernst had slipped into his future, arriving unannounced in the field and taken it by surprise.  Wunderkinds didn't come from backwater locations.  Hatcheries like MIT and CalTech or Stanford popped out the next idea brokers.  Personages who shook the foundation of science or propagated the novel approaches to intractable problems that needed to be solved immediately.  Theories that opened minds (and wallets) were the ones that fostered an advancement for new beginnings in the world.  
Ernst Becker filled the slot left vacant by other futurists types who had come and gone, the ones who got write ups in influential magazines and were able to bend the money curve coming out of venture capitalist land.  An obscurantist never smiles, so one obsequious journalist had written, referring to Becker, one of the more glowing references she used in describing him in her cover story. Complete with a photograph of him sitting at his desk, smiling in what he was told to look "Sphinx-like."  It was a puff piece all in all, something the editor wanted in order to keep the momentum going for a renewed interest in science.  Timing counted, as is usual, and Ernst was riding a new wave of popularity centered around big brained individuals who commanded a loyal following among some of the public.
His divorce from Jan went smoothly, carried along by legal rote, where two people engage the legal system on their own terms and depart out the other side unscathed.  Emotionally dinged, yes.  Financially, still breathing.  Hand shake friendly afterwards.  No frightening aftermath to deal with.  A mistake is a mistake is a mistake is a...  Able to wave goodbye and smile.  Turn the page.  Divide the spoils evenly.  Jan eventually returned to Chicago, back to blustery weather in the winter and the Cubbies in the summer.  Like returning from another dimension, she thought, smiling wanly to herself.  Ernst moved on, rapidly.  Right into his work.
Work, microbiology in particular, needed to be retrofitted, molded, brought up to specs.  His specs.  Ernst had a vision that needed to be cultivated more and he had dreams to design.  "Take the quixotic and make it..more granular so it can be readily absorbed," he told an interviewer, some young "science writer" from a regional newspaper.  In time, Becker would become almost as famous for his grandiose statements as his work.  After, when he had filled the coffers of his corporation with several ground breaking patents, his first book (in a trilogy), titled Deus Absconditus, The Hidden God, would top the best sellers list for a respectable length of time, bringing him more fame. Any deity didn't necessarily need to reside on a pedestal.  "Ever read Ovid, stupid?" he once shouted back at a press gaggle, one where an obstreperous blogger sneaked in a question about his faith, asked in an accusatory tone, trying to unmask his degree of atheism.  "In Metamorphosis he talks about the Creation Myth,  Yeah, you know, the Bible uses like several other cultures through out history.  I mean Metamorphosis and Genesis are practically interchangeable."  Jumbled cross talk ensued, as it usually did during his press conferences, where verbal jousting was expected.  "Hey listen, only maybe one in six people with a high IQ believe in any sort of god concept.  It was rumored that Einstein himself believed, sort of.  In actuality it wasn't a logical choice but a pusillanimous one.  He, like many, was too cowardly to take a definitive stand one way or the other."  
Although publishers would flinch at his chosen titles, his second book, Strepitus Mundi, Roar of the World, leaned into his growing reputation, establishing him as a "narcissistic genius," so said a writer in a science magazine roundly mocked but widely read.  He had become an arbiter of ideas, a futurist, and obscenely wealthy, with his grand father's bent for making his competitors wary and defensive.  A blurb on one of his books summed up his public persona:  When you hear hoof beats, think of horses.  In Ernst Becker's case, you have to think of zebras because the rules of the game have drastically changed.  
Ernst concluded the hoary trilogy by veering away from Latin and slapping Behold Bacteriophagus on the cover, a title that made the publisher uncomfortable but remindful of the past receipts the other two books had garnered.  Along with gobs of press and robust exposure from the publishing house, Becker worked his magic again.  At a smarmy PR event, the publisher had green lighted an interview on a prominent TV show where Becker would reveal a new tattoo, one of his half dozen because no self respecting personage would be without one, or two, three, or more.  Inked right on his bicep was OX174, the first letter with a line through it.  That being the first phage to be sequenced. A matching tattoo on the other bicep was:  IGF2R, the gene usually associated with genius.  Like a personalized data set. 
Science had, through some bastardized process, been absorbed into the orbit of social media, where it flexed its attributes like any other visual curiosity out there deriving a life force through fickle interest seeking out avenues to relieve mounting boredom.  Science, or scientists specifically, had to compete with an avalanche of distraction pulsating through the Internet on any given day, moment, or second.  Attention seizing was pandemic.  Latching.  Clutching.  Grabbing.  Locking onto.  Creating stars out of astrophysicists and plain old physicists with a story to tell about our universe.  The niche of entertainment was filled with chatty star gazers and garrulous latter day Newton types with an ax to grind in their respective fields.  Becker fit the mold, a guy never short on pithy things to say, all said with a knowing grin.  
He played the media game.  Liked it.  Was good at it.  One of his quotes summed up his attitude with public relations:  "You've done something wrong if they aren't cheering at your lynching."  His facility with the press came naturally because he thought, he knew, he was superior.  His intellect was an unyielding buffer against any corrosion that might occur by rubbing up against lowbrow and anti-science prejudice.  Impregnable.  Besides, he had the wherewithal to withstand any blowback that might come his way.  Mountains of cash, that was what America respected ultimately, in the end.  It swayed the court of public opinion most of all.  Built in to the DNA of Americans was the desire to reach the pinnacle, to look down from the perch.  
"The human body exists in a pestilential universe, bombarded by toxins, diseases, and viruses each and every day," he declared openly, defiantly.  His host, an ally, bought and sold for another infomercial disguised as a TV show, nodded, hanging on the wise man's every word.  Continuing, he explained, "My life work going forward surrounds the field of genes and as a result was for, ultimately, a path towards correcting enzyme deficiencies in cells.  You know, to cure diseases and all."  "Very noble," the host announced breathlessly, hanging on every word, looking out at the hand picked audience for some audible approval.  A round of applause rippled through the auditorium.
Another launch.  Ernst was an expert at it by now, having done it numerous times for all of his products.  FDA approval counted of course but was of only minimal importance in the scheme of things.  Marketing was the tool necessary to carry out business plans.  Convincing.  Influencing.  Telling customers they needed something and how to get it, to relieve it, remove it, alleviate it.  In the palliative realm you needed to appear to be empathetic.  Concerned.  Able to not only correct a medical problem but do it with a ready supply of sincere sympathy.  The money transaction was immaterial.  Necessary but no need to dwell.  
"So what do you have for us today, Dr. Becker?" the host wanted to know, using his formal title for more authenticity, as he smiled, now on his feet so as to better exhort the crowd into approving applause.
Ernst got to his feet and walked to the edge of the stage.  Let the suspense build just a wee bit, he thought.  Smiling.  His shaved head gleaming in the stage lights like it was just buffed to perfection.  He was wearing the usual, what was now his signature style:  faded jeans, running shoes because he was known as an avid runner, short sleeve t-shirt, (mid-night blue), emblazoned with the company's logo on the chest,  and two wrist bands embossed with the latest charitable cause he was pushing to burnish his community credentials.  
"Let me just say it, say it right here," he stated, grinning.  The auditorium grew quiet.  "I-scel."  The word, the term, rumbled around the room for a moment.  Confusion mounted.  He waited a beat then explained:  "So...bring on the nucleases, as in endonuclease types and the exonucleases."  A murmur rose up from the audience as some of the scientists in the crowd grasped what he was referring to.  "Yeah, let me just say here that my company, Ouroboros, is going after genes.  We are going to splice the hell out of them until we get a path towards making genes easily corrected.  Fixed.  We're going to find a better way to heal."
At first a smattering of clapping rippled through the audience then gained momentum and grew louder.  He smiled back at them then raised his hand for quiet.  "I just got to show you.  Show you my commitment right now.  He bent over and raised up one of his pant legs and right 
there in a multicolored hue was a large tattoo that read:  I-SCEL.  Not just another assemblage of letters with a hyphen that might look like some new Tech startup name.  More like the exclamation point on a progression, going from hazy theories to chromothripsis (rearrangement of chromosomes or hematopietic stem cells (that spawn all other cells in the blood) or maybe homologous recombination (bacteria that exchanges genetic info).  There were over 3 billion bits of DNA and 21,000 protein coding genes residing in humans.  
"Can we get the camera to zoom in on that?" the host asked, rushing forward to take a closer look, as the image of the tattoo flashed on all the monitors around the studio.  "Come on, people, let's hear it for Dr. Becker."
"Let me tell you right now!" Ernst shouted over the noise.  "This is going to take us out and beyond Newtonian and Einsteinian thinking, On beyond Galen, Hooke and Mendel," he shouted, clapping his hands.  "Hey, you know what I'm saying.  The future will be ours!"  More than several jumped to their feet to clap wildly.  "Now I don't want anyone out there to get down because of existing paradoxes going on.  Like looking out into space at the stars and what you are actually doing is looking backward in time.  Right?  Get it?"  A murmur rose out in the auditorium then died away.  
He was often labeled a huckster or worse, but most of his reputation rested comfortably in the science sphere.  Success spoke for itself through ground breaking patents and the very visible level of sheer human improvement.  One of his often quoted quotes lent credence to his reputation as a person with pirate scruples.  "Capitalism has an inner Neanderthal aspect to it, you know, when there is almost a manifestation of risk taking seizing the psyche."  It was perhaps the one sentiment that guided him in the business world.
Chapter 7:  Along Comes The Future

"Well, sir, I can only describe it as...well, a weird cell program that sort of strip mines the body," the LT explained, sure his description was going to be insufficient as an explanation for the Major General, (two stars for the uninitiated).  Word had drifted upwards, out and away from nearby Cincinnati.  Right into the rumors mills that lingered in the hallways at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base.  Home to the fantastical, most centering around the mythical Hanger 18, which almost always had a starring role in the Roswell, NM canon of nuttiness.  Where conspiracy tales bloom like spring flowers.  Complete with governmental greasy cover-ups and general all around strange UFO talk.  
After all, Project Blue Book originated out of Wright-Patterson.  Out to prove aliens were in our midst.  Loitering around.  Probing, with instruments in inappropriate places.  Extraterrestrial enthusiasts knew the Base well, fearful the powers that be weren't telling the truth about diseased space beings being housed in the "Blue Room."  Although the base was named partially after the Wright brothers, the fabled inventors of flight, and was one of the most important Air Force bases in the American arsenal, it had its secret history to publicly deny.  Didn't happen.  Nothing to see here.  Ignore the less than friendly guards at the gate.
Technology happened within those fences.  High priority classification.  Kept off the books.  For the most part.  Black money projects galore.  Just to keep the nation safe, or, at least, slightly ahead of the competition and or enemies lurking out there.  Long history of high flying aircraft.  With the best in surveillance tech installed.  For many years maintaining the Cold War temperature.  Keeping tabs, always.
Major General Tanner was interested.  Microbiology wasn't in his immediate bailiwick, for the most part, but he wanted to expand what his department could explore. Didn't want other branches of the military to get the glory.  Never remain static.
OODA, another military acronym to decipher.  When broken down it means:  observe, 
orient, decide, and act.  The Major General liked to live by it.  Also, regression to the mean.  He hadn't taken a path through the Air Force Academy in Colorado but passed through several Northeast colleges in route to a military career.  A scientist by trade, physicist in particular, he intertwined the stringent military code with the scientific method.  Served him well as he rose up through the ranks, finally landing at his current perch, quite near the top, several rungs below in the pecking order.  Didn't have to initiate many salutes.  Caused lots of snapping to attention when he entered rooms.  Got his phone calls returned at the Pentagon.  Enjoyed perks presented to the brass on base.
Wasn't flashy, or so many said about him.  Married to his college sweetheart, still.  Two kids.  Two girls.  Grand kids underfoot around the holidays.  Liked one son-in-law, also in the Air Force.  Tolerated the other, a lawyer at a firm in Seattle that gave litigation a bad name.  Good father though.  Attentive.  Politics suspect but not rabid.  
Life was circumscribed as they usually were on military installations.  Rules had regulations that had proscriptions.  Your days were defined by traditions.  With teeth that could bite you.  Expectation had a well nourished sponsor, one that made decisions happen by rote.  Ideas could be orphans if not bleached by scrutiny.  The Air Force, like the Navy and the Marines, Army too, functioned within boundaries that rarely fluctuated.  
For Major General Tanner, it was both liberating and the opposite.  Had to be creative to avoid being weighed down by codes written to be followed assiduously.  It was vital for discipline in the ranks.  An epoxy that held it together, regiment to regiment, division to division, battalion, flight wing, fleet, platoon, squad.   Not that the Major General hadn't chafed under the military guidelines over the years, as it butted up against his normal desire to inspect or experiment in the sciences.  Came naturally, his curiosity.  Even as administration duties took hold, preventing him from pursuing this or that scientific gambit.  Now, on his perch, with some leverage in the halls of the Pentagon, he wanted to expand more.  Seek out what might come next in the ever changing war theater.  Out beyond IT.  Into another dimension of coming warfare.
"Write it up," he told the eager LT, so fresh out of the Air Force Academy the outdoor smell of the Rockies still clung to his uniform. He liked having young officers on hand, ones to push out the novel, the unexpected.  Stagnation was always problematic around military installations.  So prevalent it was an occupational hazard all its own.  Creeping into even every day thought processes, leaving morale to wither.  Creativity too.  Spelling an inefficient work flow and intellectual backsliding Major General Tanner couldn't tolerate.  Not on his watch.  "Get a report on my desk by the end of the week."  Order delivered, the LT was gone, off to fulfill his command.  

"Sir?" he asked in that polite, respectful tone so easily delivered in the military when talking to superiors.  
"Read it," Major General Tanner said succinctly.  "Interesting.  Got some questions for you."
The questions came out in a furious stream, all aligning in a jumble of confusion.  The LT fielded them as best he could, trying not to verbally stumble.  Be concise.  Direct.  Poised.  "Early stages, sir, but promising," he concluded, confident he had presented the material adequately.
"Okay, so this microbiologist has, if I'm reading this right, short circuited natural selection," Major General Tanner declared, eyeing him closely for his response.  
"It would seem he has sped up...well sped up evolution or at least is heading in that direction, sir.  I mean, it seems, he is in the early stages of that, sir.  With the studies he is conducting now," the LT explained.
"I see," the Major General mused, leaning back in his chair for a moment and staring at the ceiling.  "Here's the thing though, nobody knows how we would have evolved on our own.  Right?  I mean do we need some kind of bioethicist on call for this kind of stuff?  Christ, this is like tromping through all kinds of moral thickets.  Right?  Don't kid yourself on that."  He directed the last bit of his commentary at the bookcase on the far wall, as if he might be addressing reams of pages about law and regulations that were contained in the books.  
LT remained silent for a moment, unsure of what his input should be at this point.  Then he finally said:  "Revolutionary things require a different level of courage, I guess, sir."  Fearful that he was talking out of turn, he quickly added, "Tough call, sir."
Major General Tanner grinned back at him then declared, "Are you impugning my courage here, LT?"
"No, no sir, not at all," he rushed to explain, silently cursing himself for being so outspoken.
"Relax, just kidding with you," he announced, laughing.  "Let me sleep on this before we make a move.  Might have to run it by the Pentagon.  Think they are going to be interested though, even with the science fiction element attached to it.  Never know.  Could be the horizon we are looking at here.  Don't want to be caught napping, if you know what I mean."
"Yes sir."
"Let me tell you now," he advised.  "When and if I pull the trigger on this we are going to have to be ready to move.  Pronto!  I need for you to get me Intel on what's going on down in Cincinnati.  Quietly.  Poke around a little more but don't set off any alarms.  And I want my info on this Becker.  Deep background, okay."
Major General Tanner knew the Pentagon would initially balk at his report, deeming it too radical.  Might shuffle it off to the Department of Behavioral Science to evaluate.  Soon it would be lost in the maze of bureaucratic off-shoots, buried under mounting disinterest and the usual back biting attitude prevalent at the Pentagon.  He had been around long enough to know the ropes.  How to shepherd reports to their destination.  Favors would need to be called in so his project would get ushered along in the corridors of power.  On past neighsayers who would undoubtedly take pot shots at it.  Hold it up.  Try to kill it.
First, before he took the leap, he would have to garner more information.  Show concrete results.  Also, there was the matter of courting Dr. Becker, bringing him on board with having the military as a partner.  The Major General didn't want to have to big foot him in any way.  Keep it collaborative.  No need to alienate him.  His ace in the hole was the ability to bring national security to bear.  Difficult to resist, legally and otherwise.  It was sacrosanct and almost impossible for a corporation to overcome in court proceedings. Leaving opposing counsel sucking air in the court room while top secret was whispered in the judge's ear.
LT did his due diligence.  Traveling to Cincinnati often.  In uniform.  Using his military bearing to impress the front desk staff at Ouroboros.  Setting up meetings with underlings, trying to work his way up the ladder, hoping to hopscotch over mid-level managers in order to speed up the process.  Meeting no resistance for the most part, all eager to respect the military.  In theory.  Thank you for your service.  
He was a quick study, having graduated top of his class at the Air Force Academy.  Got science.  The humanities too.  Natural ability to adapt.  He soon learned that Dr. Ernst Becker existed in a world of:  plasmids, ribozyne, codons, TALES, ZFN's, prokargotes, induced mutagenesis, bacteriophages, TYR-tyrosinase and gene knockouts.  It sent him quickly down the path towards the back alleys of microbiology and beyond.  Long hours on his laptop, leaving his eyes dry from reading obscure papers written by little known scientists toiling away without recognition. 
An unknown world of CRISPR came into view.  The scientific process had ushered in a Brave New World of scary improvements to the human body.  Potentially.  Pie in the sky ideas came into focus more and more everyday.  Animals, per usual, were the first explorers, along with Frankenstein plants that were muscle bound botanical powerhouses.  Impervious to outdoor contaminants.  Next stop, humans.  It was the ultimate destination.  Another universe, perhaps.
Lysogenic was one of those terms he read often, another term thrown around by people in the field.  On obscure message boards, as in:  "A cell dominator that kicks ass," one entry went, along with, "king of the roost and acts accordingly."  These people, colleagues in the almost subterranean platoon of scientists out to change the experimental landscape going on out there, might well be the vanguard.  Quiet.  Not collecting attention.  Laboring to bring theories to the fore.  With proof.  Morals and ethics be damned.  Religion, no need to apply.  Another universe of rules to live by.  Then again, science and religion were often at odds.  Through out history.  Dragging civilization along for the ride.
LT had to dip into Becker's last work, some concealed, kept away from the general public.  Deep in the scientific weeds anyway.  Confounding concepts with confusing terms.  Heading directly towards bacteriophages, the ones that attack bacteria, like storm troopers on a search and destroy mission.  A vehicle that would carry out the dirty work in killing infections.  And then the abrupt turn to the world of CRISPR or DNA editing.  Another world of twists and turns within the alteration of humans.
"Take sickle cell, for instance, where you have simple mutation of A to T.  Bam!  Instant debilitating disease."  LT read in one of the many interview articles, this one in the Lancet, the British peer reviewed journal with the outsized reputation.  In the interviews you got a sense of Dr. Ernst Becker's mindset, his world view.  "It works on the nucleus accumbers," he told the interviewer later on in the interview, which stretched on for several pages.  "Pain becomes...well irrelevant," he went on to say, referring to his groundbreaking pain reliever.  "The brain's reward center kicks in, making pain secondary or, you know, irrelevant."  Chuckle.  Chuckle.  Or so the interviewer added so as to show Becker's attitude or personality quirks.  
The interview became almost a road map to Becker's current laboratory experiments going on several floors down from his digs on the top floor of the Ouroboros building.  Which on any given day was a bee hive of activity.  "We got the SNP's on the run," he declared, laughing, as the interviewer pointed out.  "Single-nucleotide-polymorphisms, snips, or dirty genes," he explained.  "What we have going on is...is genetic expression," Becker told the interviewer, falling into his salesman's role for a moment, using catch terms or phrases to draw his audience in, like any good con man.  "All genes are doing something in response to outside influences.  With MTHFR, methylate, you have the key to a lot of problems inside the human body.  And then there is MAOA that helps with dopamine, serotonin, things like that to deal with."
Eventually the expansive interview veered off course into extracurricular subjects.  To include religion, of course, and elementary philosophy tinged with popular concepts.  The interview found a fount of unedited information, as Becker let his guard down and expounded on everything that crept into his head.  "I'm not talking about a version of theodicy, you know.  This isn't...isn't that at all," Becker declared, leaning closer to the interviewer to make sure he got the message he was trying to get across.  "What we are working on isn't the devil incarnate or anything.  Can't have tunnel vision here, you know, like a man with a hammer everything looks like a nail type of thing.  Not that.  Not by a long shot.  Got that?"  The interviewer took this under advisement and moved on.  "I will say though that at this stage in our civilization we really don't need any theological scaffolding in order to get by.  I know-I know, I said it and will probably bring a mountain of bullshit down on me for saying it but there it is.  We have to get past that particular hang up...obstacle.  We are all in for a really life changing ride.  And soon.  Real soon."  The last comments were apparently delivered in a steely, no nonsense tone because the interviewer was taken back for a moment before moving on to conclude the interview.
"We are in an evolutionary arms race," Becker stated, concluding the interview ominously. "The human body will eventually evolve at lightning speeds and we will have to just keep up."  His portentous concluding comment would prove to be prescient.
LT eventually set up a meeting between Becker and the General, but only after dueling with a pit bull personal assistant for several weeks.  Her name was Laura.  From Cincinnati.  And UC. Another member of what the local press like to call Becker's tribe.  All locals and graduates of the University of Cincinnati.  He had befriended them while in college and they had become a tight knit group, his coterie of loyal employees/friends.  Three in number.  Like comrades in arms, with an indomitable bond.  One, Laura,  was the de facto gate keeper, a personal secretary with a very long, deep job description.  Another, John, was the company's COO, who kept everything running on time.  Last, was Tim, the CFO, the man responsible for maintaining the bottom line, keeping everything in the black.
Wasn't easy getting to Becker.  Not running the gauntlet through the trio of sentries standing guard at the gate.  They were suspicious of everyone.  Wanted proof, up front.  Took nothing for granted.  Didn't trust either the West Coast or the East Coast.  Wary.  Always on a war footing. Ready to get in the trenches to defend Becker and the company from outsiders.
The four of them often dined together, right there on the top floor of the building, in the penthouse, with the fantastic view of the river below.  Ideas flowed easily between them.  Plans.  Strategies.  As always, though, Dr. Becker had the final say, even if he was careful not to squash any proposals.  Listen.  Decide later.  Their working relationship had been worked out since they were freshman in college.  Years later it had been perfected.
LT, happy to have garnered a meeting, briefed the General on what he might expect when he traveled down to Cincinnati, down to the Quoroboros headquarters.  He would need to be prepped, prepared as if he were heading into a Pentagon meeting.  At Quoroboros, they "took no prisoners," as a financial writer had written in an article detailing the company's business attitudinal habits.  They were in a position to be demanding because of their standing on Wall Street and treasure chest of patents and cash on hand at any given time.  The General knew the stars on his uniform weren't going to impress them all that much.  Many in the civilian world could be intimidated, bullied even, by a man representing the military.  Not this time.
Dealing with Becker could be frustrating for most people.  His high opinion of himself seldom wavered regardless of the situation.  Arrogance came naturally to him, as did verbal bluster, where he would disarm someone by dressing them down and leaving little to no room for rebuttal.  His money, along with fame and power, brought him leeway to be disagreeable without any repercussions.  As he had once said in an interview:  "Guess what?  I can slice and dice any gene I want."  His statement was announced with a mixture of bravado and excitement, showing that while he could be imperious he was always eager to persuade, to sell his latest creation.
The General, as with most Generals regardless of the number of stars, was accustomed to delivering orders.  Further more, having his orders followed.  The military was linear by nature, leaving little space for descent.  Differing opinions weren't allowed to flourished in their culture.  Chain of command was rigid, instilling order out of potential chaos.  Disobeying was stamped out early, right from enlistment on.  Raising arms for salutes reinforced the dynamic.  
The civilian world was a different universe, one in which competing ideas collided in a perpetual cycle of conflict.  No overlords.  Just different levels of democratic exercises.  And managers.  Held in check by de facto norms and legal traditions that were always on the verge of heading over the nearest precipice.  Messy.  Confusing too.  With boundaries that seemed to be imaginary.  
Know your parameters, the General told himself as he climbed out of the SUV, one of the perks provided for a high ranking officer in the Air Force.  At first, flush with the excitement of being handed the position at Wright-Patterson, he had contemplated downsizing his department.  Make a statement right away.  Show that he was going to be a different type of General, one who was intent on improving every aspect of the position.  There to get the job done and more.  Soon, quicker than he liked to admit, he fell victim to the siren call all the brass heard.  Respect came in different forms.  Rank had been earned and was thereby rewarded.  Justifications tumbled through his mind, making it easier to accept the big office.  Driver.  Muscular car.  Bulging staff.  Etc.  
"Are we ready?" he asked LT, who looked grim at the prospect of having to go into a meeting with Dr. Becker.  
"I think we are, sir," he replied, mentally assembling the battle plan in his brain for a moment, hoping that he was going to remember all of the scientific data if need be, able to answer any questions both the General and Becker might lob his way.
"We better be," the General intoned, stopping for a moment to check his dress uniform with the superfluous trinkets attached to the front, all there to trace his trajectory through a military career that never got in the vicinity of a battlefield.
A cold December day outside.  Inside, a tropical climate met them, with a heating system working valiantly to overcome the frigid winds drifting down from the northwest.  They stood there for a moment in the austere lobby.  Two military men, in uniform, like the wrong species at a seasonal migration.  Across the large room, almost entirely absent of any decorations, just bare pale blue walls punctuated by a few tinted windows, a receptionist eyed them quizzically.  Waiting for them to approach.  He stood up and forced a smile, ready to go into character, play the role of the first person who makes contact with visitors to the Ouroboros Corporation.
"General Tanner to see Dr. Becker," LT declared, standing erect, even puffing out his chest a little.
The receptionist looked skeptical for a moment, like the possibility of these two men meeting the founder of the Ouroboros Corporation was remote.  Impossible.  "I see," he said, fingering a button on the console in front of him as he readjusted one of the small ear buds in his right ear for a moment.  
Two people, a man and a woman, appeared from a side door.  All smiles.  Full of business bonhomie.  Extended hands, with hand shakes all around.  LT had never seen them before, which worried him, fearing that just maybe they were being shuffled off to some lesser staffers who were there to ease them in and out of a meaningless meeting.  Sent off with corporate speak, something about how they were going to take their proposal under advisement.  Be in touch.  Soon.  Definitely in the works.  
The General was apparently thinking the same thing as he glowered at LT for a moment, then said in his military stentorian tone he used when he needed his orders to be followed ASAP:  "We're here to see Dr. Becker."  His comment hung in the air for a moment, as the two assistants continued to lead them down several corridors decorated with framed posters depicting the many products Ouroboros was responsible for manufacturing, all with large font announcing the benefits of the drugs.  LT remembered what a journalist on one of those business cable shows had said about Becker:  "Living his life like a perpetual commemoration of himself.  And we thought the robber barons and industrialists of yesteryear were craven."  Taking media potshots at Becker was a cottage industry.  Surprisingly, it only strengthened his resolve to become the 21st century's foremost transactional figure.  Like receiving critical incantations was his lifeblood.  Famously, (infamously), was the unique hiring practice of his company.  In a corporate world of constant talent poaching, Ouroboros stood apart from the other companies.  Becker's ethos permeated everything, which dictated that new hires be, first, loyal to him, but also "iconoclastic minded," in Becker's words.  The individual had to mesh with the whole while simultaneously embracing their own vaguely libertarian attitudes.  Restraints had to be in place but marginalized.  "Most people fall into a logic trap, one where your mind becomes enfeebled by too many alternatives," Dr. Becker once explained, on camera, grinning, wishing for some push back so he could enjoy the polemical jousting.  Amusement, for him, operated on a different plane than most other people.  
"We had an appointment...a meeting," the Lieutenant declared.  Looking at the two assistants he knew they were going to be a problem, there to run interference for the boss, maybe soften them up a little before meeting Becker.  It was a ploy other companies used.  Even the military wasn't above having to deal with the tactics, so it seemed.  Respect, obviously, was just another commodity.  Now he had to worry about how the General was going to react.  He knew General Tanner had some ethical parameters and didn't care for some of the usual shenanigans often used in the business world or, as he called them, "weak covenants."  The General was known for some of the phrases he liked to use.  Although a military lifer, and, of course a two star General, he wasn't strictly doctrinaire.  Not specifically.  In the military you were always leveraged by long standing codes of honor.  He had often been surprised by General Tanner's willingness to reach outside of the military orbit. To envision different perspectives.  
"Did he actually write this?" the General had asked him several days before, tapping his finger on the report that lay on his desk.  "We are in the process of creating an entire false reality.  One that can and will sabotage the underpinnings of perception," he read, eyes wide with amazement.  "Is this ego talking or something more...more psychotic working?"
LT had laughed and told him:  "You never know with this guy, sir."
"He was a graduate student when he wrote this, right?  This hothouse rhetoric might very well mask his belligerent association with facts.  Shows how he is kinda comfortable with alterations when it comes to public relations.  Contextualization can be manipulated if it serves a purpose.  Seems Ouroboros got to be such a juggernaut partly because of Becker's showmanship."
"Plenty of patents too, sir," LT explained.  As the General mulled this over for a moment, he added, "Got the FDA's seal of approval on dozens of products.  Gives him clout, sir."
The two assistants stopped at the doorway to a conference room and beckoned for them to enter.  Inside, there was a large table.  At one end there was a big screen TV, turned off.  Several windows let sunshine into the room, illuminating more posters of products with smiling models, pleased with the results of the drugs they were supposedly taking to combat or cure any number of ailments.  
"Can we get you anything?" one of the assistants wanted to know.  "Coffee?  Tea?  Water?"
General Tanner surveyed the room for a moment, sizing up the possibility that anything important ever happened there, then asked:  "My time is valuable.  Can we skip the preliminaries?"
The assistants exchanged glances and the other one said, "Why don't we sit down and discuss exactly why you are here today."
The General gave LT a withering look then replied, "Sure, when Dr. Becker gets here.  Otherwise I don't have the time to repeat myself to you and then him.  Right?"
LT had heard that tone of voice before.  On base.  At the Pentagon when General Tanner thought he was being manipulated.  On the phone when he was "reaming somebody a new one," as one of the NCO's like to say who had been on the receiving end of one of his targeted orders.  He debated whether or not he should speak up, step in, try to ameliorate the situation.  Use happy talk.  Defuse the potential blow up.
Before he could say anything one of the attendants announced:  "We appreciate you coming in today, Colonel, but that is not how we operate at Ouroboros."
LT almost found himself stepping back a step or two, feeling he was going to have to put some distance between him and the coming barrage of verbal fire.  General Tanner smiled at LT for a flickering moment then stated:  "First off, I got two stars up here, and second, I represent the United States Air Force, right?  You might think Ouroboros is a large business entity but I can assure you it isn't bigger than the Air Force."
"Sorry...General, I didn't mean to be disrespectful," the assistant apologized.  "I was--"
"Let's just get this meeting rolling," the General demanded.  
One of the assistants' cell phone buzzed and he quickly plucked it out of his pocket.  Muffled words seeped out into the room and he declared, "Right away, Doctor Becker!"
They were then led out of the conference room and down several hallways, finally ending up at a large door.  Inscribed over the door sill in large letters was:  LIVE IN THE FIRMAMENT.  "Must be the inner sanctum," the General whispered to LT, smirking.  They were ushered in and the two assistants took up positions to one side of a large office.  Equally large desk.  Bookcases all around.  Windows, with view of the Ohio River.  Kentucky in the distance.  No posters on the walls, wonderfully absent any paeans to the founder of the company, just framed photos of Cincinnati, in black and white.  Historical shots, with scenes from decades ago on up to current times.  
"Gentlemen!" Dr Becker exclaimed, standing up behind his desk.  He stepped around the large desk, hand extended, already in sales mode.  "Sorry about the delay.  Unfortunately, you know how it goes.  Got to be careful.  Never know when you are going to be worked.  Just doing our last minute due diligence.  You understand."
This was said in a flood of forced camaraderie.  Like any good salesman, Becker was expert at grabbing the initiative, shaping the momentum of a conversation.  General Tanner was momentarily taken back but quickly regained his composure.  LT was used to being in meetings with the General, meetings that usually had high caliber type men and women who were accustomed to seizing control.  Often times a personality wrestling match would break out.  Dominance in the higher echelons of power was second nature to most.  Invaluable.  Necessary.  Inescapable.  One of the first things you had to learn was how to disarm, to redirect.  Surely there was going to be fireworks of some sort, he thought.  After all, this was a man who a former business rival had called a "duplicitous viper," and was once quoted in a Forbes magazine as "not satisfied with being just a demigod."  The meeting could very well go off track immediately, lost to two dominant forces colliding.
The General eyed Becker closely for a moment, gauging his level of sincerity, before replying, "So it seems."  This was stated with the right amount of risible intent.  Used to Pentagon power plays, Major General Tanner knew how to play the game at the highest level.  Wasn't intimidated.  Able to keep his emotions in check.  This was his battle space.  
"Please, sit, let's get this thing going," Becker offered, grinning, at ease with his command of the world he excelled in, always mining for an advantage whenever possible.  "I'm told you have a proposal for me of some sort," he said in a neutral tone of voice that didn't reveal what he was thinking.  
LT gave another quick glance around the room, taking in the decor, trying to size up what Dr. Becker the man and the myth might be all about.  Offices sometimes often contained clues inadvertently on display.  Photos on the desk of family.  Hobbies.  Past pursuits.  On the walls might show diplomas, degrees, honorific plaques that revealed weaknesses.  Quirks.  Obsessions.  Devotion.  Personality traits could be like arteries hemorrhaging.  Providing a ramp to an opening.  
Nothing.  Not much.  Dr. Becker had no family photos because he was divorced, with no children.  Wasn't much in displaying a degree from University of Cincinnati.  The impressive factor was nil.  No commendations from the city or the State of Ohio.  Or scientific organizations with heft in the microbiology world.  Splendidly devoid of self, so LT imagined him describing it, his office.
It was underway.  Just another meeting.  Two entities butting heads under the guise of polite conversation.  "It goes according to what you pretend is real and what you pretend is fake," Dr. Becker declared, half jokingly.  He smiled for a moment to let his slightly preposterous statement settle, rubbing his chin, deep in thought.  "What this comes down to is bacteria and bacterial viruses are out there...ubiquitous...as in trillions upon trillions.  What does it all mean for us?" he lectured, leaning back in his expensive Herman Miller chair and glancing out the window for a moment.  In command of the room.  His kingdom.
They had been talking for over 15 minutes, feeling each other out.  General Tanner was permitting Becker to expound on his field work, hoping he, like in deep sea fishing, would take the hook and run with it until he tired.  Then he would reel him in slowly.  It was a tactic he used often at the Pentagon or in the halls of Congress.  Men in power all had the same, identical weakness of egotistical importance.  Almost always coming in torrents of verbalized self aggrandizement.  Tune them out.  Pretend to listen.  Wait.
"Sounds ominous," the General offered, glancing at LT for an instant, who concealed a smile behind his hand.
"Yeah, and all you need to know is that bacteria and viruses can be lethal and have evolved for eons.  In this particular case it was all about lysogenic as opposed to lytic when dealing with replication.  Oh yeah, there is some replicating going on here," Becker declared, leaning forward in his chair and staring at the General.
General Tanner returned his stare for a moment then said, "The military has been delving into using Crispr to...well to eliminate pathogens and other applications," he explained, adding a touch of menace to the last few words.  We...my department is taking the lead on this."
Becker took this in for a moment, looking first at the General then at LT before saying:  "Really.  Not surprising since it is probably going to be where the next world war is going to be fought.
"We plan on being prepared for any contingency," the General stated, a boilerplate statement LT had heard dozens of times around the Pentagon.  Like a mantra.  From the brass.  Congressional committees too.  
"Microbiome," Becker called out, rubbing his hands together.  "Know about that!"  He laughed and then picked up a thumb drive on his desk and waved it around.  "Got it right here.  Microbiome, meet the future.  Funky bacteria, its facing off against each other every day, every minute, every second.  Think about that for a minute.  Good bacteria.  Bad bacteria.  Neutral bacteria.  It's all there, General.  Doing its thing.  In the gut.  On your skin.  Blood too.  It is the new rare earth element.  I am taking the lead on this because nobody else either has the vision or thinks its important enough.  General, I think you know that it is."
LT recognized the sales technique immediately.  Draw in the mark.  Get him to agree.  Lock it down.  He smiled to himself because he knew that General Tanner was already a believer, on board with the next step.  Dr. Becker didn't realized he was about to be co opted, taken over by the United States Air Force.  He was going to enjoy Becker's futile resistance.
Unfortunately, for LT and the General, they didn't realize Dr. Becker had already begun trials with human subjects.  Kept under wraps.  Quasi legal.  With participants who were unlikely to complain, to sue.  Disadvantaged.  Voiceless for the most part.  Happy to garner the small recompense.  The partnership between Ouroboros and the United States Air Force would in short order be underway, sealed by a firm handshake and reams of paper dotted with signatures appended below abstruse legalese.  


Chapter 8:  DURC  Dual Use Research Of Concern
A mini version of the Roshoman Effect prevailed after the meeting, a hazard of a certain percentage of business meetings.  The participants come away with vastly different evaluations of what occurred.  Dr. Becker believed because he was concealing certain aspects of his research he had the suitors, the United States Air Force, held at bay, kept at arms length while he pursued his scientific agenda.  Major General Tanner, because of the written contract and subsequent legal restrictions, thought he was in control.  Neither was accurate.
Mitochondria.  It had started Dr. Becker's current project.  Basic microbiology.  Providing the superstructure to his desire to alter the direction of functioning evolution.  Tampering with the human body was inadvisable, so he was told, warned.  It gave bioethicists headaches.  Breached theological propriety, encouraging all manner of disapproval from clergy.  Made morals relevant, real.  Society in aggregate was squeamish about rearranging God's finished product.  Brought comparisons to Frankenstein.  Ridicule, along with horror.  "Why don't you just create a being de novo?" an ethicist wanted to know, asked with a sneer.
He didn't feel he had to answer.  Felt he was above the inane set of morals.  Science existed to be apart from the usual complaints that plagued the common person who had to have a deity dictate what might unfold in the future.  Backward thinking had retarded progress all throughout history.  Had to be overcome.  Ignored.  Push on.  Do the research.  Discover.
Galileo, Copernicus, Darwin too, had all fought against the religious forces in order to redirect progress.  Technology by its very nature was opposed to the lyrical and implausible beliefs of the other side.  In actuality, there never could be a legitimate detente between the two.  Wasn't logical or practicable.  His work would continue on two tracks.  One for public consumption, nice, for the common good, and the other one kept under wraps, with the military's stamp of top secret keeping it from view.  National Security status.  Not to be seen by the public.  Having the Air Force in the loop would be advantageous for Ouroboros.  Prying eyes would and could be shut out.  Any enterprising journalist would not be able to penetrate the classification the military supplied.
Some pitfalls presented themselves early on.  Major General Tanner wasn't in any way hands off.  Had to be in the loop.  Demanded updates.  That he read.  Without fail.  Followed by an avalanche of questions.  Messages coursed back and forth, accompanied by in person visits.  Usually from LT.  Glorified errand boy following orders.  Poking around.  Inquisitive.
Dr. Becker wasn't accustomed to having a partner in his ventures.  Oversight was alien to him.  The US government was a monster sized partner to answer to.  Like most corporations, he had a board of directors but they were all figureheads that took their generous stipends and remained unobtrusive for the most part.  Silent.  Appearing quarterly to dine on fine food and trade lies over a large conference table with a wonderful view.  Ethical lapses, if any, were glossed over or, more likely, ignored.  Their reputations were burnished by being in close proximity of the Ouroboros name.  No use in biting the hand that...
Different methods had to be devised.  Set up a corporate smokescreen, one that kept prying eyes at bay while his team of scientists toiled away in his labs set up several floors down from his office space.  It was world class, with the newest equipment from around the world.  His people were all top notch in their respective fields.  Well paid.  Tight lipped and firmly bound by airtight NDA's.  Most glad to be participating in the cutting edge of the wide open microbiology discipline.  Eager to usher in the brave new world. 
Major General Tanner didn't trust Becker, saw him as fundamentally dishonest and always attuned to what advantage he could wring out of a business situation. Slippery.  Absent ethics, mostly.  Putting aside his salesmanship, where like a former business partner had said about him:  "Promise of a premise, with lots of smoke and mirrors."  He found in his dealings with corporations that you had to lock down contracts, make them legally binding otherwise the company would wriggle out of commitments.  It was the nature of the business culture to feed the bottom line regardless of simple ethics, which never seemed to materialize.  Even the faintest code of honor didn't exist, easily replaced by ever resilient greed.  It was the new "dividend democracy," as a fellow traveler in the world of military/civilian alliances once informed him, winking, as he raised a glass of bourbon, a salute to another deal being finalized.  Shareholders were the new princes.  They had to be pampered and, alarmingly, continually fed.  It made for warped business models that had to include the insatiable appetite that was forever lurking when the quarterly reports drifted in.  
With Dr. Becker, it was in a way worse still.  He not only played the corporate game but was a world renowned scientist as well.  This made him even more dangerous in a sense because he not only commanded respect but was steeped in the Wall Street machinations that drove decisions even if it meant disastrous results were assured.  As long as somebody somewhere along the line was reaping profits practicality as well as basic integrity were both negotiable.  This revelation about Becker made General Tanner nervous.  He already had his hands full with Congressional nitpicking and didn't want to fight a war on two fronts.  He sensed that Ouroboros was not in any way an outlier, that it was propped up by not only a fantastic product line but a business creed that kept its set of ethics expendable.  It was just another beast that threw its weight around without any regard for any societal nicety that might accrue for being fair in the arena of commerce.  In many ways dealing with this corporation was different than all the others that had contact with the military.  So many maintained a relationship with the Pentagon, making for a strange fellowship of sorts centered around sucking up allotted funds gifted from the tax payers.  Fiduciary expectations were entrenched, perpetuated by a network of venal players eager for a piece of the pie.
Difficulty lay ahead, that was certain.  Becker, as one of his more vocal critics had said, was different, a maverick CEO best described as intransigent.  "Ruminate then fulminate," wrote the same critic in an article about the Ouroboros company, concluding with, "that is his go to move."  They had to be vigilant and work hard not to be caught off guard.  He had ordered LT to stay alert and to stay on top of them, Ouroboros.  Dr. Becker, always one to play defense to go along with his offense, assigned an assistant to shadow LT, to keep tabs on him as the research continued.  "You know, massage the message," Dr. Becker had told him.  "Make sure he sees only what we want him to see."  The maneuvering began as soon as the contract was signed.
  "Already in battle mode," LT had informed the General the very next day as he sat in the Ouroboros parking lot talking on his cell phone.  Looking around, he wondered if they were listening in, had one of those stingray listening devices.  Maybe the entire property was wired for sound to go along with all the high tech surveillance cameras on the premises.  He had read stories about the company's vaunted security team, most former Homeland Security agents, who were well paid to keep a vigilant eye on the comings and goings on the campus.  "I wouldn't put anything past them," the General said, wondering if he should assign someone to help the LT out on their latest project.  A great deal was riding on this venture.  The Pentagon expected results, as did several members of one of the Congressional committees.  
"Sir, I got to tell you," LT said, trying to muster up just the right tone in order to reveal what he suspected might be happening deep in the Ouroboros lab.
"What do you got?" the General wanted to know, always one to cut through any conversational clutter and get right to the point.
"Well, sir, this might sound sort of crazy but I came across something in some of the scientific papers floating around the internet and it mentions enducytosis quite a lot."
"Yeah, and what the hell is that exactly?" General Tanner demanded to know.
"Sir, it has to do with the process that...well, where cells internalize nutrients and hormones," he explained.  "It looks like they are heading towards deactivating genes and rearranging genetic code.  I mean they have done it with plants and probably animals.  Next in line are humans...if they haven't already crossed that threshold before."
There was silence on the line for a moment then the General said, "God help us now."
"I hear that, sir," LT muttered, then added, "this is some deep, deep...shit, sir" LT said in a quiet tone.  "They have this chromothripsis thing going down when a chromosome shatters, breaks up, whatever, then repairs itself.  Something like that anyway.  This genome world is more than weird.  It's scary that they can encode...everything.  I'm not sure where they are going with any of this."
"Sounds like Becker is holding back on us," General Tanner declared angrily.  "We both know he is a first class jerk so we had better stay on him...like glue."  A car drove by in the parking lot and LT watched it pass by, eyeing the driver closely.  "Look, I want you to work the assistant a little bit and keep a look out for..."  LT could hear some papers rustling around for a moment.  "Yeah, here it is.  Homologous recombination.  Big item in the gene business.  That whole gene splicing was way too random before in the field's infancy, like throwing a dart at a dart board type of thing.  They had a quantum leap with human genes some time ago and now are plowing ahead with gene editing.  That's where Becker is going, you can bet on it.  That maniac wants to play god or something."
"Yes sir," LT agreed, glancing around the parking lot again.  "It is biomarker roulette down here, I'm afraid."
"This is the new century and we...the United States Air Force, had to climb into bed with some mad scientist to keep up," the General announced.  "His company's ethos is rancid too.  Just hope it doesn't devour all of us along the way."


Part III:  Infinite Infinity


Chapter 9:  The Fall

Several seasons in the NFL had left him with aching knees, a past concussion to think about, and a defunct bank account.   That was a long time ago, his glory years.  Now.  His life was circumscribed by regrets.  Stinging sorrow too.  He was approaching fifty and had nothing to show for it.  His time living in Florida seemed like a different lifetime ago.  In the rear-view.  mirror.  Giving off a reflection that hurt to look at.  To see.  Made him wince when memories floated to the top.  No family.  No friends.  Nothing.  Nothingness if he took the time to dwell on any of it.  He didn't.  Not if he could help it.  Did no good.  Not for his sanity, his well-being.
Started when his father died, so he was told by his mother many times before she too succumbed to cancer.  The scourge took his father as well, the lingering result of having fought in a war so, so far away.  In time.  Distance.  Didn't seem real.  Like a horror movie.  "Damn government sprayed half the damn country over there with Agent Orange, son," one of his father's friends had told him at the funeral.  He knew the man had been over there, in Viet Nam, and still had nightmares about it that he beat back with drink.  "The VC didn't get him but Uncle Sam did," he stated glumly, shaking his head.
Deadly toxin.  Strategic defoliant.  Herbicide with a bite, one of the journalists from the era had written in his expose’ about what the military was doing to the landscape in order to win the interminable war.  Leading to GBM (glioblastoma multiforme), or maybe multiple myoloma, could be your garden variety prostate cancer.  Medical mystery to ponder.  Souvenir to take home from the war.
His mother had called him down in Florida to tell him the news.  Mystery illness.  "Your daddy ain't doing too well," she had told him, stifling a sob.  "He's been having these headaches...nausea too.  Been vomiting a lot," she informed him.  VA has him going to a neurologist next."
Ensconced in his Florida life, enduring the tail end of a lackluster football career, Isiah was treading water as he tried to stay afloat.  His lifestyle had been continually down sized since leaving the NFL, pushed out by dwindling stats and aging body parts.  The Miami Dolphins had kept him on expecting he would provide intermittent boosts to the team throughout each succeeding season.  He stayed in shape but the wear and tear of playing football gradually snatched away his athletic prowess, leaving behind a shell of his former self.  His enemy, the stopwatch, mocked him as his times grew worse, making the coaches nervous.  Even working extra hard on his routes did little to assuage their fear of him becoming a liability, unable to get that next third down or, worse, strike fear in the opposing team's defensive staff.  
Isiah wasn't able to hold on with the Dolphins and was released, tossed in the open pool of former players more or less out there begging for another chance.  With anyone.  Any team.  Conference didn't matter.  Cold weather city, okay.  God awful franchise, not a problem.  Laughable contract, sure.  Having had a taste of the big leagues, nothing else measured up.  Deteriorating health was an occupational hazard that was part of the plan.  Football, by this stage in your life, was second nature, vital.  Besides, most had nothing else to fall back on having known only football since they were in High School.  Out beyond the football sphere was a vast foreignness that not only bewildered them but frightened them too.
His life's trajectory hadn't been as expected.  Made the big time, yes; but the rewards didn't materialize for him.  After being released several other teams showed interest and he pursued other avenues.  Trips to Buffalo, then North Carolina were a bust.  Interest in his talents fizzled quickly.  Damaged goods.  Lost a step.  Dead wood on the bench.  Little upside.  He knew what the coaches were thinking.  And saying.  To his face, with apologies of course.  Garnering respect, which was his due for being a veteran in the league.
After, when he finally came to grips with his new status, he tried to latch onto whatever advantages he could derive from having been a Dolphin.  South Florida, like many sports towns, generally revered their pro players in any pro sport.  All along he had worked into his schedule personal appearances, deriving whatever compensation he could.  Shoe stores.  Work out gyms.  Car dealerships.  Any establishment that would fork over some cash.  It wasn't lucrative but it was steady for a while.  Soon it slowly dried up as his pro football player persona slipped into the past tense.  
Job offers were scant and coaching positions even scarcer.  At first he drew the line at any High School coaching slots, believing them to be below his station.  He had hoped the Dolphins might want to take him on as an assistant receiver coach.  Then he wondered if maybe his alma mater would show some interest, want to have a professional player on staff to add some gloss to the staff.  Nothing.  No one called.  Then he wondered if some High Schools in the area would step up.  His pride was inversely proportional to the level of his dwindling bank account.
Months passed and he managed to downsize his life, pare down the expenses.  Luckily for him his condo was paid for.  Car too.  Not being married was a bonus.  Just a few lapsed relationships that ended amiably.  And no child support.  Diligent birth control proved invaluable.  Other players he knew were swamped with paternity suits and demanding spouses that had been wronged.  Caught up in legal maneuvers with unsympathetic judges presiding.  
Still, his life spiraled downwards.  Depression sneaked up on him.  Arriving stealthily.  While he withdrew into himself, into his head.  Friends he had made over the years were like mirages, here today gone tomorrow.  Like many in Florida, his way of life was transitory, absent any anchors, nothing to gain traction. No roots.  Easily blown away in the next onshore breeze.  
He managed.  Landed a few jobs, leaning on the Dolphin grapevine for leads.  Ex-Dolphin gained him some residual cache in some places.  Coached at a local college for a few seasons.  Sold cars, which he proved to be surprisingly good at.  Quick smile.  Soft sell.  Wore a Dolphin baseball cap, per the manager's suggestion.  Women buyers trusted him.  We finance.  Good terms.  Signed on as a motivational speaker, gave talks about life after football, spinning a fable, his fable.  Traveled around the State and on up into Georgia and the Carolinas on a tour.  
Emptiness surrounded him though.  Returning to his condo he would discover that it seemed like opening the door to just another in a long line of hotel rooms.  Depersonalized.  Bare walls, with just one painting a former girl friend had purchased for him one day.  It was semi-expensive, having been painted by the one of the Highwaymen artists, a group of Afro-American painters who defied the established art world and the segregated South to paint landscapes to be sold by themselves.  The painting depicted a Floridian landscape that was both amateurish and advanced.  His other furnishings were utilitarian and minimal, like just maybe in was in the process of moving in or out.  
His drinking increased with the years.  Some drugs too.  Subconsciously, keeping his mind on cruise control, he worked to minimize his life decisions.  Depression lurked.  Alcohol kept it a bay sometimes.  Other times, very little.  A mental ache took up residence in his mind on occasion and he didn't have much to combat it with.  Isiah had gradually stopped calling his parents all that much.  Even ignoring his mother's phone calls.  Like he had drawn up a draw bridge behind him.
Deep into his thirties, Isiah flirted with seeking out a religious life line.  Players he knew had maintained a spiritual channel, a link.  Correspondence with a Pastor.  Sunday maintenance, with the usual church sermons and soaring choral arias filling their ears.  A connection that kept them on an even keel.  Refreshed their civic souls as well.  God, Jesus in particular, provided sustenance that couldn't be measured.
Not for me, he told himself after contemplating attending a church.  One recommended by an erstwhile friend.  Good people.  Reverend so and so is righteous.  Knows the Bible, verse to verse.  Try it out.  He didn't.  
Then he answered his mother's phone call after avoiding her for weeks.  Tearfully came the news.  Father declining.  Rapidly.  Can you come home?  Please, son.  Your father wants to see you before the end.    
Isiah hadn't realized the distance that had developed between him and his parents.  For too long he had parceled out his communications between them.  At Christmas.  Thanksgiving also.  Birthdays.  Mother's day.  Father's day.  Long, vapid conversations on the phone.  Painful small talk most times.  Leaving him guilty for not maintaining a connection.  Cincinnati seemed so far away.  Another dimension.
He knew of his father's declining health but not the specifics.  Selfishly, he kept it at bay, away from his immediate understanding.  No need to dwell on it.  His mother spoke of tests.  Of doctor visits.  Trips to the VA to hear bewildering medical tales about this possibility and that probability.  It was all disheartening.
And now, a pleading phone call from his mother.  Anguished.  He couldn't remember her sounding any thing like it before.  Lost.  Confused.  Even her faith, her spiritual lifeline was inadequate.
Flight late.  Weather event.  Winter's last gasp was clinging to the Ohio Valley, leaving behind icy roads and inclement climate that the local weather report was trying to explain.  Early April surprise.  Isiah, now a Floridian, steered his rental car away from the airport and tamped down rising anxiety as he fought the city traffic up and down hills he had somehow forgot existed.  Pool table flat Florida had made his driving skills atrophy.  
"You made it," his mother called out when he came in the door.  She embraced him for a long time.
"Thought I wouldn't get here with all the traffic and icy roads," he explained, looking around the living room, taking in the familiar decor, feeling like nothing had changed all that much. 
Later, they went to the VA hospital to see Maurice.  Isiah passed by veterans lingering in doorways, some in wheel chairs, others sitting in waiting rooms listening for their number to be called.  There was an eerie atmosphere prevalent and it made him anxious.  I don't belong here, he kept thinking as they walked down several winding hallways, going deeper and deeper into the void.  Like being an outsider visiting an isolated tribe living in a dark, dark forest.  
"Hey, Isiah," his father greeted him with, smiling weakly.
"Dad..." he replied but couldn't muster up anything else to say as he saw his father's skeletal frame lying there hooked up to numerous IV lines that snaked out and away from his body.  
The visit lumbered along at an excruciatingly slow pace.  His mother cheerfully chatted with her husband, maintaining an iron resolve as she ignored the inevitable.  A few medical personnel came and went, industriously applying their craft, offering a few words of kindness sandwiched in between hospitable jargon that bracketed another twenty-four hours in the march to death.  Small, pyrrhic victory as their patient lived another day.  
Isiah wished he didn't have to see his father like this.  It was a visual punch that he knew would lacerate his mind.  Maurice Worth, who had come back from so much personal turmoil, given to his country all he could, was sliding towards the final hours.  Treatment protocols had failed at every turn.  Lost the battles and then eventually the war.  Pain meds coursed through his father's tiny, shrinking body.  Life had ebbed away from all his limbs and was departing the vital organs.  Only his eyes remained alert, watching the last moments fade away.  
Two days later his father died.  Body bundled up and spirited away to the morgue.  Another victim.  Another statistic.  Routine.  With paper work to prove it even happened.  Staff barely pausing to mark the date, the time, before moving on to another form in a bed waiting for their outcome.  
Isiah assisted his mother as she got through the repercussions of grief.  Wake:  Plenty of time appropriate music, e.g. Motown.  Church service with stentorian Biblical rhetoric that climbed the walls of the church, gliding on the acoustics.  Orchestrated weeping on display.  Slow drive to the cemetery.  More exhortations to God (Jesus) and timely condolences passed  along.
His mother was strong throughout.  Saw it as God's enterprising decision to take her husband.  Heaven awaited.  No doubt.  No need to question.  
For Isiah, he returned to Florida and tried not to wonder too hard about his future, about how he might go in the end.  Die, in Florida, he pondered, shivering at the thought.  It didn't seem...what?  Somehow appropriate.  The Sunshine State had no soul it was obvious to anyone who cared to ask.  A vacuous, temporaneous environment clung to the state.  Enveloped it even.  The transitory was celebrated, expected.  Like another hot, humid and sunny day.  Even hostile, frightening hurricanes couldn't wash away the lack of permanence.
Death came again, arriving for his mother.  An aunt declared that it was from grief.  "Losing her husband was too much for her," she told Isiah.  "At least they are now together," she added, with an insightful “Praise the Lord!” tacked on.  Another funeral followed, with a cast of relatives Isiah was hard pressed to recognize.  His mother had been well liked, respected.  A paroxysm of grief streaked through his mother's church, leaving the pastor shaken and quite nearly at a loss for Biblical sustenance or explanation.  
Isiah traveled back to Ohio.  Then back to Florida in a dizzying replay of his time before.  Another wake.  Funeral ceremony.  Burial.  Grief on display.  Inducing tearful bewilderment.  He held up as best he could as he fended off some inveterate depression and mounting hopelessness.
Florida's sunshine didn't rejuvenate him all that much upon his return.  Just more vacuity to negotiate as the hot days slipped into nights dense with moisture.  His redoubt in Florida became untenable soon enough.  Late forties, with declining health, victim to hundreds of hard tackles and bracketed by questionable diet choices.  Booze, of course, nicked his liver, continually.  Wore it down.  Mental health, bruised.  He hung on as long as he could.
One day, at the beach, seated at a bar with a view of the ocean, he suddenly felt a wave of nausea overcome him.  Sliding off the bar stool, he staggered to his car and drove the short distance to his condo.  Three days followed, like being sentenced to house arrest.  He clung to his bed, with trips to the bathroom.  Internal organs were rebelling.  A battery of different doctors had warned him of the coming physiological apocalypse.  Didn't listen, take heed.  Shut out the chorus of medical prognostications.  
Then he realized in a rush of obvious signals that no one had called or come by to see how he was.  There was nobody.  No relatives.  No friends.  Not even a nosy neighbor.  His life was defined by just a name on his mailbox.  Second floor condo, 3 and 2, with screened in balcony, W & D in utility room.  Good schools in the area.  Restaurants nearby.  Easy access to I95.  If he died there would be no wrinkle in the course of time.  Just a tiny, scant mention in the local paper's obituary page.  Probably spell his name wrong.
His sudden realization was hurtful.  Giving him an ache buried inside. His life in Florida had been wasted on ephemeral pursuits then a void that enclosed him in quiet toxicity that all the sunshine in the world couldn't disinfect.  
Slowly his mind worked to come up with a plan to exfiltrate himself from the predicament he had assembled for all the past years, decades.  A small voice was growing louder.  Telling him that he had to rebuild his life.  Start over.  Where it began.  Back to his home town, back to Cincy.  At first, it seemed preposterous to him.  Cincinnati resided in the past.  Back when.  Like a before and after picture. Another hemisphere. Even the memories had grown stale, faded, disintegrating.  
He had been procrastinating about selling his parent's condo for the time being, not wanting to delve into their lives, the detritus everyone leaves behind them when they die.  Now it presented him with an alternative, an exit plan.  The pieces started to fall into place.  A realtor was called.  His condo was put up for sale.  In a hot market, with a good mark up.  A windfall.  Real estate was a smart investment after all.  Sold quickly.  Absent any problems with a buyer.
In what seemed like no time at all he was driving up I75, in route to the next stage of his life.  As he watched the sameness of the Floridian landscape fade from view, passing into Georgia, he didn't think it was possible that he had taken the radical step to reorient his future.  In ways it seemed foolhardy and scary, but he knew something had to be done to jar him out of his funk, his way of living.  His prospects seemed to be shrinking.  Any hope of avoiding a cataclysmic undoing was dimming.  A new environment might offer salvation.

Cincinnati was the same but different, he thought, summing up his analysis of his new perch on the Ohio River.  Work in progress.  Not unlike an astronaut upon re-entry from space.  Take it slow.  Get acclimated.  Merge back into a much different attitude towards living.  Urban living, not his usual suburban exposure where sprinklers dousing lawns kept the mowers humming and spatial density was key to your existence.  And the most frenetic occurrence might be gleeful upraised voices drifting over from the pool.  Not compared to the city and its sustaining acoustics that brought sirens, pulsating, atavistic treble from car speakers passing by, and the continual thrum of humanity co-existing in close proximity.  
At first, as he settled into his parent's home, hesitant to mentally exorcise all the memories loitering in every room, he fought hard to re-adjust to his new ecosystem. Those memories though, they clung to the interior like mold spores.  Childhood.  Teen years.  Young adult.  Recent vintage.  It could be mentally debilitating at times.  They were all little time bombs that left painful shrapnel. At night, in bed, he tried not to second guess his decision, reassuring himself it would all turn out okay.  Takes time.  And patience. 
Cincinnati seemed like a swirl of disorientation at times.  Old friends, like persistent apparitions, showed up, giving him a continuing series of stimulation.  Some good.  Others bad.  Sooner than he realized, Florida seemed to fade.  So much so that sometimes his football career felt like it had been a hoax. Not real, at all.  Athletic exploits on a field, in front of thousands of fans, couldn't have happened.  An alternate reality, perhaps.  After months passed, and the restructuring (reconstructing) of his life was well underway, he found himself seldom reaching back to remember those game day experiences.  Almost as if they had been excised from his brain.
Marcus came along as Isiah was drifting, trying to gain purchase with the city's contours.  He had been a friend from High School, a failed athlete, unable to participate, to follow the rules.  Numerous brushes with the legal system.  Rap sheet well anointed, complete with scowling mug shots.  Kicked off:  football team, basketball team, and the baseball team.  Multi-talented athlete.  At one time his name was linked with Isiah's.  Two prospects destined for better things.  Glide path to the reward sports offered an inner city black boy.  Interested college scouts had him on their radar early on in his freshman year.  Great arm.  Can throw the slant pass with pin point accuracy.  Jump shot is reliable.  Will grow another few inches, for sure.  Can hit the curve ball, enough said.  
That glowing future was never going to materialize.  Never.  Marcus wasn't interested, not in the way you had to be in order to advance further along in the sports sweepstakes that afforded upward mobility.  Like many confined to urban squalor, he never cultivated any sense of patience or contemplated the concept of another horizon.  Time came in short allotments that were proscribed by singular events that you were befallen with on a daily basis.  All of your contacts, your relatives, your friends, were incarcerated within historical walls that restricted your life.  Daytime.  Nighttime.  Morning.  Afternoon.  Noon.  Midnight.  A cage that made your mind chafe as you wandered up and down the streets trying not to wonder where the end started.  
Petty crimes landed Marcus behind bars early on.  In middle-school.  But his athletic prowess kept him afloat, caused cops and teachers to look the other way.  Cut him some slack.  Allow time for him to get his head on straight.  See the benefits of his talents.  In time.  When he matures a little bit.  He will realize he had so much to lose.  That the equation can easily be worked.
He didn't.  By the time he was a junior in High School he had run out of life lines.  No one was going to coddle him any longer.  There was always the next prospect waiting in the wings.  Faster.  Bigger.  With the right attitude too.  His plight was ordinary.  Routine.  In every large city in America.  The Black population was an incubator of athleticism.  Filling the rosters for entertainment across the nation.  A reliable conveyor belt that fed college and pro teams in need of bodies to supply the line-ups to don the uniforms to fulfill TV contracts and provide the fix for the live audience.  
Dropped out of High School when he was seventeen.  Left several records in the book in several different sports.  Highlights in a life that had few.  Saw the inside of the county jail on a few occasions.  Nothing spectacular.  Small time.  Easily fobbed off on the Public Defender, who smirked as he ushered Marcus along in the system with a minimum of effort.  Some cases in the pliable legal charade were more or less axiomatic.  Guilty is as guilty does.  Just another day in court.  Move it along, often ordered by a judge short on patience and long on expedience.  Marcus, caught up in the vortex, the inexorable current of jurisprudence, was swept along.
In.  Out.  Back in again.  He was a ready made example of recidivism.  Got to know some of the cops by name, on a smiling basis, maybe a nod.  Two adversaries that knew the game and how best to survive for another round.  Repetition was an inherent problem but not disqualifying.  Life often had two opposing sides. 
"Man, what are you doing back here?" Marcus had said to Isiah that first day he ran across his old friend in the neighborhood.  "Heard you was living in Florida.  Living the good life."
They exchanged a hand shake and Isiah replied, "Don't know, just got tired of it down there."
Soon enough, they were running together again.  Two men who should have aged out of bad habits long ago.  Not attuned to the vibrations of the streets.  Sliding towards a hard landing as old age overtook them.  Just another soul in the Black community dodging the pitiless grip of morbidity.  Heart problems.  Diabetes snatching away their life blood slowly but surely.  Shriveling horizons.  Timelines expired.
Marcus, after a life of questionable decisions and an uncanny ability, chameleon like, to begin anew, was still involved in the underside of legality.  Several prison stretches defined him as he stayed afloat by providing whatever service needed providing.  His career, such as it was, revolved around a measure of guile and willingness to circumvent obstacles.  Brought him small success.  Kept him in motion though.  And vigilant.  Gazing over his shoulder.
He was responsible for introducing Isiah to the siren call of gambling.  Like most athletes, Isiah had been conditioned to avoid the exchange of money that came with outcomes that included scores.  Not advisable.  Career ending territory.  Breaking a sacred vow.  Dismantling the integrity of competition.  Although he lived in Florida for all those years, he had never set foot in the nearby casino in the next town over.  Not interested.  Seemed unnecessary.  Not in any way a fun past time.
"Hey, "I," you are going to love the place," Marcus declared, singing the praises of the resident casino in Cincinnati, a beacon of bad taste and low brow gambling.  Right there.  On the east side of the city.  Taking up a city block.  A modern abode, replete with demanding signage that wanted you to know that a good time could be had by all who entered.  An eye sore the city father's might find objectionable if they could develop enough civic will power to do so.  Couldn't.  Held their collective noses at the smell of ripe decay and hoped the odor didn't penetrate all of the neighborhoods.
Isiah, at first, found the place, well, awful.  Tacky.  Low class, maybe.  Complete with a veneer of desperation that all of the patrons could smell.  Inside, the sounds of money rapidly exchanging hands gave off a symphony of probability's cruel vindictiveness.  Heartless.  Pursuing more and more amounts of legal tender, right down to the crusty coins buried in lint filled pockets.  Grinning dealers.  Friendliness on loan.  Gambling as art, or so you would like to believe because after entering those doors all logic became expendable.  Maybe laughable even.  Giving mania of any kind legitimacy.  
Marcus was in his element.  For the most part.  Accustomed to gliding along the corridors of questionable endeavors.  Knew some of the staff.  Exchanged knowing smiles, like they were in on the joke at the expense of everyone else.  Most anyway.  Pity could be harmful to your outlook on life as it existed within the walls of the casino.  Cha-ching!  Neon lights a-blinking.  Lending an insistent soundtrack to the already repetitive background music seeming to ooze out of the ceiling.  Walls.  Floor.
"What you got for me today?" Marcus announced, as he sat down at the blackjack table, smiling, receiving a peremptory smile in return.  
Isiah glanced around at the strange surroundings, feeling disoriented.  More and more he  found himself disliking crowds of any kind.  Before, playing football, he relished the idea of having people around.  Yelling.  Cheering.  Even booing.  Didn't matter.  It worked as a stimulant, strong, and effective.  Louder the better or so he had once told one of his coaches, grinning.  Now he wanted to separate himself as much as possible from the public.  Only contact on my terms, he told himself.  
"Drink, sir," the waitress wanted to know, appearing out of nowhere.  Close, so close he could smell the inexpensive perfume she had doused herself with before her shift.  He recoiled for an instant, looking around, trying to control his anxiety.
"Bring us some rum and cokes, babe," Marcus ordered with a flourish, laughing to indicate he was just being playful and not one of the numerous assholes who frequented the casino, any casino.  
She smiled back at him, used to fending off wayward advances and worse.  Came with the job description.  Slog through the unpleasant parts to land the good sized tips.  From the winners, who were usually graced with generosity after a good run of luck.  Temporarily beating the house if not the odds.  Both.  Gambling under their roof always meant scrunched possibilities that were never going to be smoothed out in any time horizon.  Not.  Going. To. Happen.
All around them the unseemly dreariness of concerted effort continued uninterrupted by the slow advance of time itself.  Gaining money, any amount, was a powerful phenomenon that the casino utilized to pad their bottom line.  Let the charge of gambling flood that part of the brain responsible for a feel good surge, causing those cerebral circuits to glow red hot.  Like neon.
The noise, the people, and the many colored lights working on his retinas, made Isiah uneasy.  Shifting baselines of anxiety marched through his brainwaves as he constantly recalibrated the situation.  Reorient.  Push back against accelerating nervousness.  Stray voices bounced around and around creating an interlocking chorus of discordant melodies.  Some sort of social amnesia kept him out of sync, so it seemed to him.  He didn't realize how much he had retreated from his former self.  Withdrawn.  Left with the extinction of his life long identity.  
That first night at the Hard Rock he had just been a witness.  Watching.  Listening.  As Marcus plowed through some recently acquired funds.  Pay out.  Job done.  No questions asked.  Especially from Isiah, who knew the source of the loot was probably connected to street drugs, the contaminant that blanketed the neighborhood.  
"How much is that?" Isiah asked Marcus after they had been at the table for a little while, pointing to a stack of chips leaning precariously before them.
"Plenty," was Marcus' reply, grinning, sipping at his drink.  "Hit me!" he exclaimed to the dealer with a flourish.  Wrong card.  The cards were expertly swept away.  "Easy come...easy go," Marcus declared, laughing.
The night wore on.  Marcus was unable to get Isiah to play, to gamble.  Not even the slots.  He just watched.  Took mental notes.  And gasped when large sums accumulated and were whittled down, inexorably, to next to nothing.  One lonely chip sometimes.  Fondled by nervous fingers.  
More nights would follow.  He found himself enjoying being Marcus' sidekick.  Buddy.  Vicariously deriving pleasure from experiencing the ebb and flow of gambling's slow burn mania.  In time, he too took part, starting small time.  Slots.  Man against machine.  Trying and trying to beat the computerized algorithm that prevented a frequent windfall.  That auditory blast announcing another winner for all to see, and hear.  Whoops of joy.  Money in.  Money out.  Simple transaction.  Working for a reward.
Before long he was up against the number.  Twenty-one.  With symbols.  Black.  Red.  Combinations floating through his consciousness, aided by elementary arithmetic.  Cool, detached dealers staring back at you, concealing their disdain behind a mask of indifference.  Just another gambling fool going up against the odds.  Expertly doling out the cards.  Keeping the faith, the belief that there will always be another gambler eager to part ways with a percentage of their income.  
"You losing big, brother," Marcus whispered into his ear one night, alarmed by his friend's compunction to do battle with the numbers.  "Might want to take it easy."
This sounded somehow comical coming from him, Isiah thought and said, "I got this, Marcus." 
"Busted again, dude," Marcus announced, watching as the dealer cleaned away the cards.  
Isiah's comfortable wherewithal, his tiny pension and moderate bank account was on decline.  Rapidly.  Too many nights at the Hard Rock had penetrated his financial standing.  A drawn down bank account mocked him when he whipped out his ATM card now.  It was almost as if howls of mechanical laughter could be heard before the dreaded words on the screen appeared telling him he was surely joking, that he was a deadbeat and he should forfeit his bank card immediately.  
Soon he was joining Marcus in last minute, unplanned excursions into the unknown realm of street commerce.  Dodgy.  Suspect.  With a legal peril quotient that was always incalculably insane.  Recompense often delivered in paper bags it seemed, stuffed with crinkled bills that reeked of exploitation and civil decay.  One more ding in the neighborhood facade, contributing to the human dilapidation.  
"Lost the fucking house," Isiah stated to the vacant park, after dark, with the autumn winds sneaking in behind him as he swayed to a silent beat in his drunken stupor.  Can of beer in a bag.  In his right hand, while he gestured towards a weathered mural on the cement wall next to the basketball court showing happier days in the neighborhood that had never been realized.  
His fiftieth birthday loomed.  He was homeless now.  Friendless also.  Marcus gone, lost to a GSW to the gut.  Bled out.  In an abandoned building.  Left for dead.  Found by a construction crew on a mission to gentrify the next allotment in urban renewal.  Auspiciousness aside, the building refit was put on pause only momentarily while the police squad went about their business adding another entry data point.  Scaffolding appeared with skilled laborers ready to climb them.  The avarice of fundamental real estate laws kicked in.  Pushing residents out and away as another set of inhabitants moved in.  With money in their pockets and ideas of living life on display.
Isiah lived hand to mouth.  An existence that kept him moving.  On the streets by day.  Searching.  Scrounging.  By night, he was usually holed up in various spots around the city, an urban space that provided plenty of vacant spots to sleep away another alcohol binge.  Boarded up properties were fair game.  Left to rot while patient owners waited out the fickle commercial real estate market.  Revitalization was literally around the next corner.  
He didn't look back all that much.  Isiah always knew that life, if not anything else, was a series of prescribed sequences.  Like math.  Unambiguous in the end.  He had known the good side.  Shared in the spoils.  Been, more or less, happy.  And successful by most metrics.  "Different time zone," he liked to joke to anyone who recognized his former self.  Some did.  Most were shocked to find him sharing the bottom rung.  Clinging to charitable impulses in the community.  Meals handed out by religious organizations perched in the neighborhood to provide a Christian hand out in order to justify their existence.  Municipal departments spending tax payers money in order to even out the disadvantages.  A joint effort to mitigate the destitution that continued to thrive in everyone's midst.  
One day, as Isiah was trading insults with another denizen of his domain, a woman who survived her addictions way too long, refusing to surrender as her health declined precipitously, he finally ordered her out of the building he had appropriated in the last week.  Good location.  Near the church on the corner that had the best meals, with little to no religious browbeating thrown in.  No mold.  Very little rats or bed bugs.  Even had a bed.  Still intact with a mattress absent any redolent odors to complicate sleeping.  From the top floor you got a view of the city too.  Also, the toilets flushed.
"Whatch you talking 'bout?" she demanded to know, as she swayed a little, standing close, going toe to toe.  Not afraid.  Not of him.  Not of anything.
"This my building.  Now get the fuck out!" he ordered, wagging his finger under her nose.
"I's gonna bite that finger off if you don't get it out of my face," she yelled back.
Isiah didn't like confrontations.  Kept to himself mostly.  Away from the others living on the streets.  Rarely went to the missions for a bed, choosing to stay in the plethora of buildings near and far.  Made no friends with the others who traveled the under current of city life.  Kept away from the mentally unstable, who traveled in their own lane as their madness deepened.  
"Look, there are plenty of buildings around here.  Go find another one.  This one is mine," he stated, stepping back, back from her stench that lingered in the air.  
"Fuck you," she suddenly yelled out and walked to the stairs behind them and shakily climbed up to the next floor.  Over her shoulder she shouted:  "Second floor is mine so stay off it."  
He watched her slowly disappear up the stairs.  He could hear her mumbling to herself then a door open and close and it was quiet.  Shaking his head, he said in a defeated voice, "Damn, crazy bitch."
That day he was to come across an item that would alter his life.  Change forever.  While waiting for a meal from the local charity he noticed a flyer on the bulletin board.  In bold font it announced an opportunity.  For the disaffected particularly.  Read homeless.  Those ones who have little to no destiny.  In so many words.  The operative word was:  money.  A pay out.  For services rendered.  
Puzzled, Isiah read it over several times.  It was a study being conducted by a local company.  One month.  Very little time invested.  New medication.  Blood draws.  BP checked.  Physical conducted before being accepted into the program.  And in big letters, all caps:  CASH PAID.  
Curious but wary, he scribbled the phone number down.  Web address too.  Then off to the library, his refuge.  Along with plenty of other travelers on the streets, a collection of diverse souls lost to the vortex of capitalism raging out there.  Losers.  Addicts lost to the vice like control of substance abuse.  On drugs.  Booze.  Accompanied by the ones with mental defects.  Abandoned by society, left to fend for themselves as they battled with their demons.  Striving to survive on panhandling and handouts.  Dreading the next winter.  When temperatures dropped and inclement weather made for a hostile environment.  And dangerous.  With the constant threat of hypothermia lurking after every nightfall.  
The irritable librarian was on duty as he slipped in the door, stopping at the bathroom to do a quick wash up in the sink.  Noticing in the mirror that his beard now seemed to have a life all its own.  Bushy, with sprigs sprouting out here and there.  Scary seeing his aging face staring back at him, making his emotions even more compressed as he struggled with all the unsustainable resolve it took to remain on the streets.  
"I see you, Isiah," the librarian called out as he exited the bathroom.
Just two days ago he had a confrontation with one of the other librarians on staff at the large city library.  A shouting match broke out between him and the guy.  In a profanity laced diatribe, Isiah had "gone off" on the unsuspecting guy, telling him, in so many words, that he was going to kill him if he didn't stop hassling him.  Security was called.  Two bored security guards appeared, reluctant to engage.  "It's like disease roulette," one of them told the librarian, not wanting to touch Isiah in his soiled clothes.  Redolent.  Marinated in sweat and pavement grime.  The other guard cajoled Isiah, convincing him to leave the premises.  "Just for today," the guard informed him, smiling reassuringly.  "Gotta cool down, man," he added, leading him gently out the door.
"Best behavior today," he called out to her, as he kept walking.
"Don't make me call security on you," she exclaimed in a stern tone, glaring at him.
He waited his turn then got on a computer and looked up the website he had scribbled down.  The Ouroboros website sprung to life on the screen.  Slick.  Professional.  World renowned.  Even though he couldn't recall ever hearing about it.  Right there in Cincy.  Homegrown success story or so it said under the About section.  Really, he wondered, bringing up the glowing bio of the company's founder.  The moving force behind all the accolades.  Page after page.  With testimonials from happy recipients of the company's many pharmaceuticals on sale.  Worldwide.  A global force.  Doctors on retainer, all with stories to tell about how Ouroboros had the best, the brightest scientists laboring non-stop for the next cure, or palliative.  Making the world a better place to live.
No outstanding comments or multiple stars or thumbs up were going to sway him.  Just money.  Recompense.  Fear of the unknown wouldn't inhibit him.  Normal reactions evaporated when you lived from day to day, night to night.  Waiting and hoping for the next sunrise circumscribed your outlook.  Made it more abbreviated.  Pruned down to very few responses.  Logic was a luxury.  Too cumbersome.  Obsolete, actually.
He knew the address.  Where it was in the city.  Had past it plenty of times without realizing it was like the Parthenon of the health industry.  Right there, with the big garish sign out front.  Immaculate facade.  Old but new simultaneously.  Aging brick with a contemporary superstructure concealed inside the pristine walls.  As the vibrant labor force labored to keep the edifice impressive.  Intimidating too.
Isiah found himself nervous as he entered the front revolving door.  A wary security guard eyed him, clinching the radio on his belt with one hand, while the other hand rested on a taser gun holstered on his hip.  Overhead cameras watched his every move.  Monitored from a control room with a half dozen guards amped on too much coffee and nicotine gum.  Nothing went unnoticed.   Nothing.  From dozens and dozens of mounted cameras.  Eyes on you.  With no blind spots.  No cozy corners out of view.  Paranoia on overdrive.
He stood there for a moment.  Stalling.  Not sure if he even wanted to pursue his intent.  Conflicted.  Several passing employees eyed him and his attire:  disheveled, dirty, and disquieting.  Invading their space.  Inside the building the very air seemed different while the founder's claque, posing as colleagues, went about their business to keep it all functioning perfectly.  Shaken for a moment, his confidence teetering, Isiah hesitated and beat back an urge to run right back out of the building.  Not for me.  Can't do it.
Directly in front of him another bright, congenial minion waited, poised to field his question (s) with professional aplomb.  Isiah wondered if this might be a prologue to his inevitable decline, his demise.  Sure, sign on to a questionable study.  Sign your miserable life away.  Just another lost soul with a societal impairment, wracked by any number of disorders.  There was no obvious foretelling going on here, he thought, laughing silently at the thought.  Every life history has a mental tinge to it, an almost granular aspect that makes for numerous abrasive episodes.  The woman, slightly beautiful woman before him had her own foibles too.  Setbacks.  Hurdles.  Humans were programmed to expect the worse.
"Can I help you, sir?" she wanted to know.  Her cheerful voice rose an octave then settled back down into a mellifluous chiming sound.
"I wanted to get some information about a study...a trial your company...Ouroboros...had going on," he replied, stammering a little as the name of the corporation clung to his tongue.  
"Sure, I can help you with that," she exclaimed, producing a glossy brochure with several photos on the front, portraits of very happy subjects who had, presumably, completed other studies run by the company.  "If you would like I can have someone come out to talk to you about the current trial we are conducting.  Would that be something you would be interested in today, sir.  If not, I can set up an appointment for you.  Just leave your name and a way we can get in touch with you."
The information flowed off her tongue easily, garnished with a pleasant smile.  He tried not to stare at her and self consciously looked away.  He realized his current station in life and, even though he had once been more than several levels up the socio-economic ladder, knew that was in another life, different dimension.  His concentrated thoughts cascaded over him for a moment and he stepped back from the front desk for a moment to get his bearings. 
"I...I think I might want to talk to somebody," he told her, dodging eye contact.  "Yeah, I want to find out about signing up for the thing… the trial...study."
Ten minutes later he was being led into a side room and then told to have a seat.  The room had a sterile quality to it.  Sparse furnishings.  Several chairs and a utilitarian desk.  Bare walls.  Off white paint.  Brightly lit.  Apparently soundproofed because a menacing quiescence permeated inside the four walls.  He sat down.  Listened, as the quiet penetrated his senses.  He thought he could hear his heart beating.
"Mr., let me see here," a man announced, entering through another door off to his right.  "Here we go, Mr. Worth.  You are here to get some information on our R8245 trial.  Is that correct?"
Isiah thought for a moment then said, "Don't know what the number is or anything.  Just saw it on a flyer thing.  Said it paid cash.  So...you know I--"
"I see," the man said, sliding in behind the spartan desk.  "Sounds like you are talking about this one.  Got some info right here."  He produced a tablet from a small shoulder bag and began swiping through pages.  "Oh yes.  Uh huh, got it right here."
"Just wanted to know what I was expected to do, that's all," Isiah offered, fidgeting in the chair.
"Well, you know, you are going to have to be reliable and by that I mean you are going to have to be here when we need you," he explained.  "Sound like something you could handle?" he asked, dialing down his patronizing tone, eyeing him closely.  "Also, got to pass our physical.  Everyone selected has to be physically up to par otherwise it won't work.  You know, the government has some pretty strict guidelines for drugs to pass muster.  Legally.  Medically too of course.  What we do here helps everybody.  In one way or another."
The last comment seemed odd to Isiah so he said, "You mean I might get, you know, injured by what goes on in here?  I don't want any part of that shit."
The man thought for a moment, then offered, "Hey, why don't I have you talk to my associate.  He can fill you in on all the pertinent details.  Okay?"  With that he was out the door.  Quick exit.  Leaving behind the diminishing echoes of his words.
Then not a minute later another worker appeared.  A woman.  Tall.  Long hair worked into an intricate braid down her back.  Thirties.  No nonsense attire.  Dark blue.  Scant makeup.  
She stood by the door for a moment surveying the room.  Glanced up at the cameras overhead out of habit, presumably.  Just a trace of a fading grimace, as if her job pained her just a little.  She then sniffed at the dystopian vibes Isiah was giving off, the calling card of just another disadvantaged creature inhabiting Cincinnati's inner streets.  Proving to her that buying that house out in Westchester had been a good move.  The city had a reputation for having a baroque relationship with its residents, who were divided up into a montage of neighborhoods, each representing distinct varieties of character.  Born and raised in Columbus, another municipality browbeat by a large university in close proximity, she disliked most of what the city by the river represented.  A living requiem of itself, was how she liked to put it to her friends back home, snickering.  
"Mr. Worth, my name is Carly and I would like to help you with any questions you might have about the program we are starting here at Ouroboros," she declared, presenting her hand well oiled by a recent dousing of Purell.  
Isiah looked at her and smiled, giving her a little wave in lieu of a handshake, then said, "You ain't gonna kill me are you?"  
She laughed, then replied, "Not our intention at all, Mr. Worth.  What we plan on doing is perfecting a drug that will bring us into the next century."  Her grandiose words hung in the air for a moment.  Unabashed, she continued, "We are doing amazing things within the gene world.  Things that will make all of our lives not only easier but better too."
Her salesmanship didn't impress Isiah.  He had sold cars before, which, if not anything else, prepared you for subtle deception.  Done it himself.  Sold that overpriced mechanical wreck to unsuspecting buyers.  Victims of his dissimulation.  Easy payments.  Free first oil change.  Throw in a car wash too.  Just make an appointment.  Warranty rock solid.  But you won't need it.  Probably.  
He looked her up and down then said, "You wouldn't be blowing smoke up my ass, would you?"
Caught off guard for a moment, unable to reboot her usual sales tactics, she stood there and smiled back at him.  Then she finally exclaimed, "Well...well what we do here is government sponsored, you understand.  It is all...it is all monitored.  We have an excellent track record when--"
"Just need the money," he interjected.  "That's all."
"Oh, I see," she said, glancing up at the cameras for a moment, where she knew everything was being recorded.  Reviewed later.  Critiqued.  


Chapter 10:  These Things We Do, That Others May Live

Tyreke could feel the nervousness ebbing.  Finally.  The plane leveled off.  Around him other candidates were fighting their own inner demons.  Fears.  Fresh inopportune phobias.  An annoying buzzing filtered in and out of his ears.  Droning engines meshed with the tone of his persistent heartbeat.  All the threads of his recent training bunched up in his awareness, pushing, shoving, trying to get his attention.  Do this.  Do that.  Don't do this.  Don't do that.  Like an invigorated clapper, a voice was reminding him of just how counter productive insidious panic can be.  Ignore it.  
Yet there that screeching voice was.  Resounding. Banshee like.  On a loop.  Over and over.  Again.  With a siren's urgency.  YOU ARE GOING TO JUMP OUT OF AN AIRCRAFT.  Leaving the details of the highly unnatural act to his imagination.  Promoting a crippling funk to reside in his mind.  Plunge to your death.  You fool.  You damn fool.  Do you really think that apparatus made out of flimsy nylon is going to provide any sort of protection? Are we now suspending any understanding of elementary physics? What don't you comprehend about gravity?
A grimy residue of fear percolated inside the cabin of the plane.  Airborne had been doing this forever.  Training terrestrial beings to take flight.  Right out of a plane.  No pretense of second thoughts entertained here.  Not now.  The trainee is going to be, ideally, self propelled out the gaping cabin door.  Along with the others waiting to be baptized by their own decision making.  Want to get that pin.  That patch.  Something to signify they had endured the barbs aimed at their glaring defects.  Courage intersected with the suspension of your logic.  Eclipsed it.  All coinciding with the realization you were certainly hurtling towards your death.  Waiting.  Waiting for that canopy of sheer material to halt your descent.  Yank you up, up until settling into a graceful plunge.  
Time spent in training danced in his mind.  Remember.  What to do.  What not to do.  The NCO was now shouting commands.  In no uncertain terms.  You were standing, letting muscle memory guide you towards the light filtering into the plane.  Shuffling along.  Hooked in.  Hooked up.  Pat on the shoulder.  Blinding sunlight in your eyes.  Rush of wind slapping your face.  Falling.  Fighting the urge to close your eyes.  Accept your fate.  Then a violent tugging on your shoulders.  Like an out of control carnival ride.  And all of a sudden all around you puffy smudges are blooming.  A still life.  Floating.  Downward.
The landing came swift.  Hard.  The impact jarred him and his training took hold.  Hard dirt caressed his boots.  Several soldiers off to his right were whooping.  Glad to be alive.  Happy they had accomplished the task at hand.  More adherents added to the long list.  Tyreke gathered up his chute.  Smiling at the others, joining in their newly developed camaraderie.  Fresh members of a select fraternity.  
It had been easy.  Later, he enjoyed a beer with some of the others from different branches of the service.  Another notch.  Closer to the ultimate goal.  Becoming a PJ was becoming a reality even if he dared not get over confident.  It was a long, long road, with plenty of obstacles.  In the Special Forces orbit it was one of the most difficult to complete.  Years.  Training regimens that broke most men.  Leaving them wasted by the wayside.  Scarred by their individualized ineptitude.  Even other members of the select few in the Special Forces admired the Pararescueman.  There to commit themselves to saving them one day, any day.  Any time.  Materializing in combat situations that made other men's bravery shrivel.  All the while the public was preoccupied with the more glamorous operators lauded in Hollywood movies.  Larger than life itself.  Complete with hard earned mythology that pumped up expectations and made basic logic swoon.
Tyreke took on the challenge.  Knock down each new hurdle.  Then move on to the next destination.  Another military installation.  More difficult than the last.  Passing through several branches of the service.  On tour.  Known for this.  Known for that.  All in preparation to be versed in all aspects and vagaries that fate might have to offer.  Water.  Land.  Air.  Whatever theater of war was being negotiated.  Preparation to save lives, the lives of participants America had sent in to complete a specific combat mission.  
"Damn, son, you are looking good out there," a NCO exclaimed, just another training Sergeant in what seemed like a long line.  Exacting, per usual.  Easy with a criticism.  Letting him know where he stood.  How it could be done better.  
"Thanks, Sergeant," Tyreke replied, knowing praise was the equivalent of water to a thirsty man.  No time for complacency though.  Each day brought another barrage of knowledge he would have to digest.  Commit to memory.  Until it becomes second nature because in combat instinct was learned.   
That was before.  Seemed like a lifetime ago to him.  Just an artifact wedged in his memory.  Not wanting to feel vulnerable, he let his past recede.  Stability was vital.  After operations in two wars and several other hot spots around the globe he didn't need to ever visualize hypothetical factors that might lay ahead.  Tyreke knew the layout of the world and how it skewed towards conflict, in the direction "of the lowest median," or so an officer had informed him one day as they were breathing easier after another successful exfiltration.  Leaving behind shards of broken intentions that would never materialize.  "Tiny victories," the officer had gone on to say with an infectious smile that made you want to believe whatever he had to offer.  Just another day behind the invisible front lines of a war that had little to no prospect of an armistice in the offing.
His military career was on the right track.  With promotions.  Medals too.  For heroism that was integral to his MOS.  Along with various wounds that were etched in his body as if done by an angry sculptor who was dissatisfied with his creation. 
Yet his time drew near to re-up.  Sign his life away for another allotted time period.  In uniform.  Up against it on any given day where the motivational aspect dwindled.  Bad actors would always be in play.  Everywhere.  Had to be faced down.  Eliminated.  Proving that stamina could be the most valuable of characteristics.  Resolve.  Able to muster up the next installment of professional will.  
Good at what he did.  Everyone said so.  A true athlete warrior.  With cerebral aptitude.  To go along with an uncanny aplomb as situations unraveled.  His future was solid.  As long as fate looked the other way.  
Might stay in.  The proverbial lifer.  Ensconced in the military bubble.  Housing.  Healthcare.  Coddled by the confines of any number of Air Force bases.  Hopefully make it through the gauntlet of adventures JSOC (Joint Special Operations Command) might dream up.  Transition into the training ranks.  Shape the next generation of Maroon Berets. 
Still climbing up the Sergeant tree.  Tempted to remain in the fold.  Even after the last operation that sucked the life out of his casual connection to fate.  In some backwater.  Hot.  Dusty.  Primitive.  Somewhere in Africa way off the usual travels routes.  Steeped in asymmetrical war that left deep scars across the land.  Religion run amuck.  Merciless.  Backward leaning.  
Downed aircraft.  Watery landing.  Warm ocean, with visitors prowling below the surface.  As he swam.  And swam.  With two wounded men in tow.   Proving that making it through the PJ's "Superman School" was legit.  
Tired though.  Tours of Duty to Iraq and Afghanistan had worn him down considerably.  Not to mention all the other unofficial visits to problem areas.  The ones that lurked in the shadows and made wearing the maroon beret all the more dangerous.  Kept your mind locked up.  Unable to grasp the perimeter of social boundaries once you returned to civilization and were expected to function in the normal mode.  Not after enduring reflexive violence perpetrated by a cast of characters high on zealotry and hoary writings chock full of tortuous, winding justifications.  
Down time away from the cauldron of repetitive danger seemed most times like a dream scape of contradictions.  Where your thoughts competed continually with well honed norms that bumped up against untimely reactions.  Social problems appeared to be artificial.  Stupid.  Inane.  With virtually no traction for your senses to seize, take hold of and examine.  
Time to get out, the phrase echoed in Tyreke's ears most days.  On borrowed time, so conventional wisdom might dictate.  You got not one but two Purple Hearts, dummy, the voice might chide him on any given day.  Nice death wish you got going on there, it would intone in an ever so slightly mocking accent.  Shouldn't you get fitted for a body bag?  Custom made.  Monogrammed maybe.  
Married, and divorced, left him unmoored for the most part.  Called away half way through his honeymoon, leaving his bewildered bride with a bevy of gifts to sort through and mounting consternation to ameliorate with frequent calls to family and friends.  Lasted four years, amazingly.  Military wife finally woke up to find no dividends in being on call as a spouse.  Always another operation on the horizon.  In a far away timezone that confused her and made Google maps indispensable.  Contact you later.  Usual way.  Good-bye.
There it was, just another casualty of a Rescue Ranger's life.  Too much stress on the relationship, complete with separation and the ensuing loneliness that sneaks in to take up residence.  Support system perpetually stretched.  Fortunately, no kids.  No time for that.
So Tyreke struggled with the next step in his young life.  As G-Ma declined rapidly back in Cincinnati.  Other relatives just distant images, really.  The neighborhood, the city, like a hazy dream you wake up from.  Disoriented.  A little confused momentarily before you get your bearings in bed.  Did he want to return there?  Would he ever be able to readjust to life outside the military sphere?  
"Hell, man, just do it," one of his friends advised, adding, "Me, I got two years then I'm out."
Yet he knew nothing else.  It would be a reality check.  Being an Air Commando prepared you for other civilian jobs of course.  Like EMT.  Nurse.  The glide path could be bumpy but possible.  Being former military, a veteran, opened doors.  Got you nods of respect.  Even a leg up in some situations.  But you had to have aspirations that translated to the real world.  Tyreke thought long and hard about that.  
Then he was cut some new orders.  Odd.  Peculiar.  He had been in and out of some unusual trappings the US Air Force provided.  On several different continents.  In questionable quasi legal environments.  Not fazed, usually.  "Roll with it," an officer had told him once, actually laughing at the absurdity of just another twilight mission in a world full of worrisome trap doors.  Perpetual wars took on their sense of significance, a reinforcing mechanism that belied any descriptions that might be applied.  In was out, while up might just be down.  No amount of Pentagon jargon could precisely describe it. 
Right there it was though.  Report to Wright-Patterson AFB.  A Major General Tanner would be waiting.  None of it made all that much sense.  Even in the world of tight lipped operators this was strange.  He didn't interact with Generals, no matter how many stars. Any speculation he might dream up would be insufficient, so he reasoned.  Orders were orders were orders. 


Chapter 11: Playing God 

Dr. Becker paced his office, something he did when he wanted to rehash the day's events.  Let his mind absorb the information fully so he could make adjustments in his decisions if need be.  Ouroboros, the company, was essentially him.  Nothing but linear.  Very vertical.  With him at the helm, a complete reflection of his wishes.  Top down.  The management tree was by design just an illusion.  Nice to look at on paper, giving the docile board something to be happy about.  At times it could be unwieldy, even byzantine in some ways.  Stifling creativity, as any business course might point out.  Anathema to modern practices, where a free flowing culture encouraged individual input to make the whole apparatus expand and stay relevant.  Especially in the tech world.  As each day brought more and more ideas to fruition.  Like a free for all.  
Today he was preoccupied with the new trial underway. Taking place a few floors down.  On site.  Ensconced in the warren of rooms that constituted his company's lab space.  Even though his security team had locked down the premises, Becker was worried.  The new drug they were testing was problematic, ethically and otherwise.  "We are toying with our concept of man," one of his scientists had told him the day before.  Reprovingly, with professional disdain.  No response.  He just stared him down.  As with most all of his discoveries, Dr. Becker pushed the boundaries, never applying the brakes, feeling he was above petty disapproval from people who were, by nature, cowardly.  Afraid.  Frightened by straitlaced ethics and static morals that were obsolete.  His mind was geared to run like an entrepreneur.  Guard rails were minimal.  Being voracious had its rewards in the end.  Besides, he hated the patrician attitude displayed by some of the researchers.  Especially the ones locked away in their tidy domains, contented being elites.
"This will lead to the renaissance of molecular science," Becker told the scientist, dismissing him from his office with a wave of his hand.
As usual, he would have to do the heavy lifting.  Get it done.  Keeping disruptions to a minimum.  All of the vital groundwork had been put into place.  There were scarce resources that he needed to replenish.  Keeping it all on track.  Just that morning he had a surprise visit from General Tanner,  For the most part he had managed to keep him at bay using his usual corporate dodges.  Phone tag.  A phalanx of assistants running interference.  Scientific verbiage that bordered on nonsense.  Maintaining an almost halcyon demeanor during conferences, with a serene smile, something he had seen veteran Pastors do when facing down skeptics of Biblical inerrancy.  Very effective.
"We are not here in a consultative capacity," The General had thundered, actually pounding his fist on the desk.  While Becker didn't flinch.  Smiled.  Nodded.  And spoke more refined words bordering on the absurd, ladled with the bureaucratic lexicon that generally confused people but sounded as if it had some relevancy as well as legitimacy.  It had neither, and the General sensed this, knew when he was being played.  "I want an update on my desk by next week, Becker," he threatened, eyeing him closely, demanding an immediate response, if not a reaction. 
"No problem," was all Doctor Becker replied. 


The study, now relabeled V-21, spun on.  The participants were ushered in through the garage entrance.  Kept from view.  Housed in a dorm buried deep in the building.  All men.  Between the ages of 21 and 65.  Indigent.  Little to no connections to the community.  Living a twilight existence on the streets.  Absent familial complications.  
Isiah was on the roster.  Upper age bracket.  Vital cohort to keep the study broad-based.  Cooperative for the most part.  Didn't balk at any of the blood draws.  No contentious encounters with the others.  Received a good rating from the staff at the end of each day, a barometer of whether or not he would last to the end.  Get his chance at cashing in.
The drug was being administered orally.  Morning and night.  Dosage closely calibrated.  While hour upon hour the subjects were monitored by a revolving medical staff.  BP.  EKG.  Temperature check.  Along with a weekly battery of tests.  All administered by a tight lipped crew that were selected, hand picked,  because of their ability to stow away any complaints or objections and knew not to divulge any of the inner workings of the Ouroboros method. 
Isiah thought of some of his days at training camp back in his former life.  Striving to make the team or stay on the team.  Work as a unit.  Improve.  Improve more.  All towards a goal.  Here, within the sterile beige walls of the Ouroboros building, he felt detached from reality.  After being on the streets for a few years having steady meals and a bed made for some mind altering adjustments.  Just not being at the mercy of the weather was welcome.  No cold nights to endure shivering until dawn.  Alternately, scorching hot days were spent being cradled by all encompassing air conditioning.  And the meals, chock full of calories that packed a wallop in the vitamin department.  Just having a full belly was a novel experience.
It was more problematic having to deal with the other study participants in such quarters.  Out on the street he could minimize his contact.  Separate himself.  Keep his distance. Not have to combat high octane confrontations, where you never knew what dynamics might develop.  The homeless lived by sheer hard edged survival instincts.  Making for often harrowing encounters that were almost always catalyzed by unforgiving deprivation that made reasoning uneven, and unpredictable.  Nothing was empirical any longer when you were perpetually searching for your next meal.  Another high.  A warm niche in a dilapidated building reeking of mold to ride out another night of blustery weather.  With dropping temperatures.  Leaving you to ward off thoughts of hypothermia that was always stalking you.
"You act accordingly," a man had once said to him, shrugging.  He was a fellow traveler out there on the streets.  Abandoned by his family after alcohol took hold.  Forced out by a wife who could no longer tolerate his transgresses.  Lost job.  Percolating anger.  Physically retaliating against the society he could no longer function within.  Too many late night calls to 911.  Altercations that left him bruised by the law, often times delivered by uniformed officers tired of cleaning up domestic disputes.  He had once held a job in one of those tall buildings in the city center, the ones gleaming with freshly washed glass.  Respected.  Moderately sized office, complete with underlings that answered when he beckoned.  Two kids.  House.  His and her cars.  Vacations to far away places.  "Nothing in my life was fragmented," he once told him, speaking in that peculiar way of his that betrayed his upbringing replete with private schools and colleges that had enviable pedigree.  "Now my life out here is just waiting for the right addendum," he added, laughing uproariously in that way that told you he had succumbed to mental illness of some sort.  Anyway, he was gone not long after.  Disappeared.  Vanishing act.  Like so many others out there striving to complete another twenty-four hours.  Isiah never quite knew what happened to them.  Just that they were missing.
The study had an influx of these characters, he noted.  A week in, he realized all of the participants were like him.  Not bound by any familial connections.  Individuals in more than just name only.  Clinging to the bottom rung.  Temporary victors in the maelstrom that was raging on out beyond the antiseptic walls of Ouroboros.  Now they could decompress a little bit.  Rest.  Build up some stamina again with regular meals and frequent hygiene regimens.  In here, he thought, nothing ballooned into a crises with lightening speed.  Safety could be measured.  You were swaddled by an attentive staff who wanted to see you complete the assigned commitment.  In reality, they were doing their jobs and were paid bonuses to reach the benchmarks set out by the company. 
No getting around it, though.  All of them were, essentially, incarcerated.  Interned in the Ouroboros tomb.  Not permitted to go outside.  Locked doors.  Stern guards on duty.  Armed.  Taciturn.  Unfriendly, for the most part.  
In a moment of desperation and weakness they had all signed away their freedom on the four page contract full of an opaque legal vernacular that purposely confused the reader.  All easy prey.  Disadvantaged.  Beat down.  Reaching for that prize, that bundle of easy money.  Looking forward to participating in the commerce they witnessed every day from a distance.  Removed.  Watching.  Dreaming of the simple act of spending cash. 
Nothing evokes fear like hopelessness.  And now their tactics learned out on those streets to get by were useless.  Restless.  Unable to do something as insignificant as bum a smoke battered their sense of basic freedom.  Not in the sterile environment that the Ouroboros building demanded.  Enforced by a staff that allowed no rule breaking.  None.  One mistake and you were escorted out.  Led down all those sanitized hallways, through metal doors that locked tight after you.  No excuses.  "Sorry, you broke your contract, sir," one of the revolving cast of workers would intone, not without a generous dollop of righteousness liberally applied.  No use protesting.  Not going to help your cause.  All of them, in the white, pristine coats seemed to be obsessed, driven, motivated to complete the task at hand.
Isiah missed his booze, often caged off the street, procured from here and there after panhandling.  He had tapered off the drugs after several stints in homeless shelters run by religious organizations on a mission to save as many souls as possible.  Liked his buzz.  Made absconding away from what he had become all the (more) easier.  Liquid blinders.  Don't see a thing.  Not the past.  Not the future.  Especially not the present.  
Ouroboros at the very least was feeding him.  Good.  Three meals.  Stuffed with calories and nutrients his body hadn't experienced in quite a while.  Long time.  He ate, when he ate, questionable meals from fast food places when he scraped together enough cash.  Other times he visited the soup kitchen cuisine, always heavy on greasy fats and cheap ingredients that fit the ever tightening budget.  Already after a few weeks he had gained back a few pounds and felt practically rejuvenated.
The study continued.  Up at seven.  Shower, mandatory.  Breakfast at eight.  All the days allotted a menu specialty.  Standardized, so all of them could be on the same diet.  No variations.  Controlled.  Like their sub-groups:  21-30 years old, 31-40, 41-50, and 51-65.  Bracketed.  Take in the calories.  Regulated, just like the series of blood draws and other tests.  All performed assiduously by robotic medical personnel short on conversation.  Careful to scan the plastic bracelet on your wrist that contained your statistics.  Match it with the particular test being conducted.  No data mishaps.  Nothing left to chance.
Isiah liked to talk to them.  Draw them out.  Hoping to alleviate his boredom.  Get a sense of where it was all leading.  No feedback.  Ever.  Just polite smiles and scarce communication.  Needle in, fresh blood coursing out.  Wires on chest delivering wavy results on a scroll like paper.  Fever check, again.  And again.  Several times a day.  Step on scale.  Numbers logged.  BP monitored continually.  All after taking the daily dose, right after breakfast.  Two pills.  Large and pink.  Sweet at first then very bitter as it lay waste to your digestive track.  
"These pink pills are killing me, ma'am," one of the other older members of the sub-group complained fourth day in.  "Got the runs for sure."
"Diarrhea, sir?" one of the minions wanted to know, a girl in her early twenties with a pixie, artificial smile that belied her stern demeanor.  Quickly she entered some information on the omnipresent tablet all of them carried.  "How many bowel movements have you had, sir?"
That was often the extent of the interplay between participant and staffer.  Raw numbers and subjective comments entered on the spreadsheet.  Name of participant, and number, attached.  Any deviation from normal was logged immediately and highlighted.  Singled out for further review by a battery of nameless doctors secreted behind closed doors and one way mirrors.  Observing.  Trying to stay above the mounting heap of data pouring in every hour of every day.  Night too.  With sleepy staffers watching.  Always watching.
At first, it bothered Isiah.  Being a lab rat took adjusting to.  Pay out notwithstanding, it was brutal for your personality, your outlook on living.  Snatching away someone's freedom was one thing of course, but subjecting them to omnipresent scrutiny was another.  It wore you down.  Made you question things that really hadn't surfaced in your consciousness before.  The peculiar brand of labor not many had experienced in practice was raw in its implementation.  Made for chafing around any sense of flexible liberty.
Soon he settled into a routine.  Took to sleeping again.  Like a human being.  With a pillow, and sheets.  No pervasive odors wafting around your head as you clung to a fragile consciousness.  Fearing the worse.  Residing right there in your thoughts.  Police raid.  Dark figure in the night invading your space.  Also, rats, bold and pestilent, gnawing at your extremities.  Don't forget the filth, where mold thrived, just waiting to invade your lungs as you tried to grab some sleep.   Now he didn't have to worry about any of that.  Had his own room.  More like a cubicle but still luxurious by comparison to the outside urban wasteland.  
Weeks had passed with the attrition rate slowly nibbling at the participants.  Some were asked to leave.  Politely.  Told their services were no longer needed.  Victims of too many sub-par test results.  Dinged by high BP metrics or an EKG graph that scared the tech on duty so much he called in the battery of doctors to examine the inky carnage right there on paper.  Others were pushed out after being deemed unsuitable for the study, which translated to mean they were incorrigible.  Too angry.  Uncooperative.  Confrontational.  Unwilling to keep hygiene up to standards.  Any number of items in your file might sink your chances of cashing in.  
There still remained a good cross section of age groups left to keep the trial afloat.  The numbers looked good.  Progress was being made.  Keep any distressing thoughts to a minimum, Isiah told himself several times a day.  Even if the ubiquitous oversight is smothering you.  Devise some ad hoc dreams in order to get a glimpse of what might be waiting at the end.  Even when his old nemesis Mr. Depression appears offering his dismal assessment of his current predicament. Ignore him.  Filter out all the detractions he is pointing out.  He is not your savior.  He is not going to help you.  Neutralize him.  Quickly.  Don't permit him to penetrate your defenses.  Keep your guard up.  Heightened.  Alert.  
Then several weeks in the meds were changed, leaving behind those hated pink pills.  Now injections, with scant warning.  "Today we have something different for you," one of the staff declared in a tone of voice that couldn't quite manage an optimistic tenor.  Leaving him no time to adjust.  Stranding him in a twilight region of fear and confusion.  
Seeing the hypodermic in her hand, he announced in a voice full of trepidation:  "Never liked needles, I can tell you that."
His weak protestations were ignored as she quickly injected him, right into his vein.  Aiming for lightening transmission.  Right away he felt odd.  Not bad exactly but different, like his body was sizing up the new invader and deciding a course of action.  All the while a strange coolness crept around his body.  Up and down.  Through and through. 
Never the wiser.  Numbers on a sheet.  The next experiment to change it all.  Striving to get past genetic drift.  Thought to be a principal driver of evolution.  Soon to be superseded by Ouroboros.  One concentrated drug that become the selection force.  Instant sequencing.  By pill.  In an injection.  Null hypothesis be damned.
"You okay, sir?" she wanted to know as she tapped away on her tablet, eyeing him closely.
"Feels like my body is being cleaned from the inside out," he answered, shivering a little.
"I see," she mumbled, typing furiously on the tablet.  "Do you think you are going to be sick, sir?  Are you dizzy in any way, sir?"
Her words danced around his comprehension for a moment, then he said, "Kinda buzzed."
She frowned at him for a moment, tapped in a few more words, then said, "Can you describe it, sir?  What you are feeling right now?"
This was the lodestar, this study.  Research was always perilous in many ways.  Fraught with legal barbed wire and moral disquiet.  Dr. Becker knew he was pushing the boundaries.  Like another foray into the virus killing action realm, he wanted to be the one to take the next step.  Be historical.  Notable.  A man willing to bridge the gap between cosmological hearsay and proven reality.  "Man is not God," one of his scientist had said to him a few years back when he was just putting it all together, assembling the ramp to the next step in his career of discovery.  As with battling pathogens and devising anti-microbials, he would prevail but only after he stretched the "perimeter of thought," as he phrased it. 
Along the journey there might be casualties but that was insignificant when he arrived at his destination.  Brought it all to fruition.  Dragging normality out into the open.  Extinguishing doubts.  He had done it before.  Was used to the buffeting headwinds that invariably arose.  Wouldn't stop me, he told himself.  Not going to be deterred.
And there was human cost at different junctures.  Lives lost.  Followed by lawsuits, of course.  Handled by his battery of lawyers.  A coterie of heartless individuals who were little touched by emotional gambits much less clever legal maneuvers.  Steeped in diversion with no tolerance for corporate backstabbers, they mounted airtight defenses or battered prospective claimants with ever shifting law rationales that bordered on the absurd sometimes.  Worked.  Most times.  Leaving opposing counsel huffing and puffing to keep up as the work hours stretched out before them like an unending road.
"He's a heartless son of a bitch," was the assessment by one of the lawyers, on contingency status, who finally gave up and gave in after years of trying to pin down the Ouroboros’ malfeasance.  Of course he was referring to Dr. Becker.  The spectral figure behind all of the dodging.    
Isiah couldn't really describe how he was feeling.  Not precisely.  Ill, maybe.  Uneasy, yes.  Slight headache though.  No fever.  BP stable.  EKG normal.  More of the same data, really.  Nothing too alarming.
"Pretty thirsty," he told her, smiling, still trying to make some sort of connection.  Like trying to make friends with an ATM machine, he remembered one of the other participants say.
She nodded, and continued tapping away, while her linked words sped along towards some back office, where several people would be analyzing them.  He gulped down two bottles of water.  Then felt hungry.  Street hungry.  Like when he was foraging.  In between scores.  Dumpster with cache of fast food deposited after another shift had finished.  Good day panhandling and using the proceeds to buy something at the Finley Market.  Soup kitchen offering meat you could recognize.  Do-nut shop tossing day old.  Licking the icing off your dirty fingers.  Then hunger stalking you.  Bereft of calories, your body crying out, wanting something, anything.  Gnawing away.  Cantankerous.  Unforgiving as the deficit of nutriments bores into your organs, pitting them against each other.
Isiah didn't realize his hypothalamus was running in overdrive, stoked by the new drug spreading through his veins.  Blood cells were dividing faster and faster, spurning his organs to try and keep up.  His pre-frontal cortex was expanding, rearranging.  Reformulating.
When lunch came he was the first one in line.  No need to push.  Enough for everyone.  Except that after finishing his lunch he still felt famished.  Asked the man next to him at the table if he was going to eat his bread.  No.  Pass it over, please.  Butter too, if you don't mind.  
"Man, dude, every since that shot they gave us today I don't feel like eatin' nothin,' he complained.  "Kinda sick like."
Isiah eyed him for a minute.  Throughout the study he hadn't exchanged ten words with the guy.  Didn't know him from the streets like some of the others.  "Mind if I finish off those mashed potatoes?"  The man slid his tray over and laughed.  The gravy swirled around the crater carved out of the potatoes. "Man, I can't remember the last time I was this hungry," he mumbled, gobbling up the food.
Back in his room, he paced back and forth.  Usually he would go into the common room and watch some TV or play a game of cards with some of the others.  Pass the time.  Make conversation.  Tell each other what they were going to do with the pay out when it was all over.  Brag about this or that.  Inform:  birthplace, former job, family history, and other tidbits that might flesh out why they were there at that time and place.  Mesh.  Be a part of the experiment to help mankind advance or something equally uplifting or so said one of the staffers, fulfilling his job as a social worker there to create some sort of warped version of corps de sprit.  Keep the participants sane was how his superior defined the job description.  Activities director.  A smidgen of house mother thrown in.  Babysitter too.  Monitor, always.  Let nothing slip by you.
Now, he was uncharacteristically restless.  He prided himself on being able to "gear down,"  let life come as it may.  After a life on the streets, he had to be able to wait.  Be patient.  Take it as it comes.  Time took on another form and shape out there.  The minutes comprised in an hour adopted different significance.  As in there was no timeline.  Circadian rhythms were urbanized.  Didn't necessarily rise with the sun or set with it either.  Daylight and nighttime could be allies, not adversarial.  No clocks ticking.  No persistent alarm going off marking the starting point of another allotment of hours to fill.  
"Jesus," he said to himself, pivoting to make another lap of pacing, door to wall and back.  "I think I'm wired," he announced to the empty room, stopping to inexplicably flex his bicep muscles a few times.  Then he found himself doing pushups.  Counting aloud.  Numbers echoed off the bare walls.  After two hundred he gave up counting. 
His parietal lobe was pulsating, mapping his movements like MRI imaging, while the occipital lobe stepped up, expanding to enrich the images.  Fully uncontrolled energy drenched his body, leaving traces of a physiological climatic perpetuation that dominated his vital organs.  Blood now seemed to be surging through his veins with a velocity that created its own associative molecular process.  Spatial reality increased, as he noticed for the first time that he was hearing conversations outside his room, almost as if they were being broadcast on tiny speakers lodged in his ears.  And he could smell the putrid odor from one of the staffers who had just come back from his break, a potpourri of just vaped chemicals, a sickening blend of peppermint and alkalized tobacco. 

While above several floors Dr. Becker was verbally fencing with General Tanner, with LT aying referee.  More and more their exchanges had been adversarial.  The General knew when he was being manipulated.  Being a General, he wasn’t above big footing someone when he had to.  He wants Becker to realize he can bring the whole weight of the US Air Force down on him, if not the entire military establishment too.  
"What weird ass serum is this?" the General wanted to know, finally coming to the conclusion that he may have facilitated a roundly inappropriate trial to get off the ground.
"There is no analogy for any of this," Dr. Becker announced, jumping up from behind his desk to point his finger at the General.  "You really haven't a clue, do you?  It's all ahistorical.  Nothing that you have ever encountered before.  Hell, no one has.  We've moved into Shelley territory for Christ's sake.  You are going to have to open up your mind in order to understand what we are doing here at this moment in time."
The General recognized the usual Dr. Becker maneuver having seen it several times in the recent past.  He knew he used it when he wanted to disguise his motives behind a wall of bombast and future happy talk.  The next frontier in science will be XYZ.  With Becker at the helm.  "Living a life without caveats has caught up with you, my friend," the General informed him sternly.
Always the marketer, Becker scoffed at the General's threats and said, "Engineering the next human being, Human 2.0, is going to enhance the entire universe."
"Along as you can monetize it, right?" the General shouted, shaking his fists at him.
"I think the military stands to gain a lot more out of this than I will," he stated, shaking his head yes.  "Oh yeah, count on it."
"How do we repurpose this, Dr Becker," LT suddenly asked, breaking his usual silence during these meetings.  
That morning LT had uncovered some details in one of the weekly reports that alarmed him.  Two of the study participants had been removed from the roster.  The official word was it had been the result of the customary attrition rate that all trials go through.  Nothing unusual.  Routine.  A cryptic note had been attached to the report however and it pointed to some highly irregular proceedings that the data was just now pointing to.  Apparently, the two men had died and had been surreptitiously removed from the premises.   
"Listen, Becker, I know some of these men in the study have died.  What I don't know is how...and why.  Are we going to have to close this whole thing down?"
Dr. Becker recoiled for an instant then replied, "Close it down.  Hell no!  Two of the men in the trial had co-morbidity aspects to their cases.  Off the charts health problems.  I mean look, we aren't dealing with your run of the mill citizens here, are we?" he exclaimed callously.  "They come in here to score some money...and they damn well know the risks.  We let them know up front.  Always do.  We have been doing this for a while, General.  Believe me when I--"
"I don't think they know what exactly they are getting into, Becker," the General shot back.  "You didn't tell them any of the details, right?  At least I hope you didn't.  This is classified."
"No, but they can't expect much when, you know, you have no options out there," Becker explained.  "Do I sympathize...hell yeah.  But you know we treat them right."
His protestations sounded insincere.  Like another bullet point on a memo he was reading from in his mind.  Sell.  Sell.  Keep dodging.  "Science and beatitudes ain't exactly compatible most times, General.  I think you know that, right?"
General Tanner stared at him for a moment, then replied, "I hope we aren't all damned by this."

Down a few floors, Isiah had stopped pacing and was marveling at the acuity of his five senses.  Odors thrived.  Sounds resounded with a rich tenor.  He noticed his vision had changed as well.  He could read without squinting.  Even the small print.  In fact, he found that he could read the sign at the end of the hallway when he poked his head out the door to his small room even though it was more than a hundred feet away.  Also, his finger tips seemed much more sensitive, able to detect microscopic texture in the layer of paint on the wall.  
The lunch bell went off and he made his way to the cafeteria, where he stopped in the doorway for a moment to take in all of the fresh, novel stimuli emanating from the large room:  cooking aroma, competing conversations, flickering florescent light overhead.  Then he got to taste the items on the daily menu, letting the morsels of food linger in his mouth as his taste buds analyzed each different ingredient.  
Around him no one seemed any different.  His eyes zeroed in on several participants, as he sniffed at the air like a canine might.  Nothing there.  Normal.  Next to him he could hear the man's heart beating in his chest.  Steady.  On auto.  He wasn't sure but it almost seemed as if he could hear his blood coursing through his veins, like water through a garden hose.  His unyielding thirst had abated.  Hunger too.  He felt like he did when he was in peak conditioning during football season.  All taut muscles and aerobically tuned.  
A long list of aches and pains after living for too many decades abusing various body parts had vanished.  The persistent throbbing in his damaged knees was gone.  Disappeared.  As had the annoying headaches that sneaked up on him on almost a daily basis.  It seemed as if the years had been rolled back.  Expunged.  Rejuvenated, he wondered what it all meant.
After lunch, as they were doing the routine vitals check, one of the staffers exclaimed, "Damn, your BP has evened out dramatically."  Catching herself, knowing she wasn't supposed to divulge any individual stats, she whispered, "You didn't hear that from me."
Isiah smiled and said, "I feel great!  Man, what ever you guys are giving me is a miracle drug or something."
"Can you be more specific?" she wanted to know, as she tapped away on her tablet.
Isiah thought for a moment, trying to decide whether or not he should reveal all of the changes he seemed to be going through.  They might think he was crazy.  Losing it.  Bounce him out of the study.  "I gotta say, I feel younger."
The staffer made a note of that and said, "Bowel movement?"
Isiah almost laughed.  "No problem.  Pretty regular since I been eating all this good food."
She made some more notes then busied herself with the lab paraphernalia she needed for another blood draw.  Isiah watched her, noticing that he could detect that she was menstruating, giving off a bouquet of bodily expunging.  It was blending with her choice of body wash, a fruit basket of odor drifting off her skin.  
"Ready, sir?" she suddenly asked, needle in hand.
There had been so many blood draws before it had become routine, like just another brief milestone in his march towards the pay out.  Several of the other participants had been bounced because their veins couldn't take the steady abuse.  Filling test tubes with blood, ripe, deep red fluid alive with the Ouroboros elixir coursing through all their veins.  Going in, they had been briefed on what to expect during the study.  No surprises.  Detailed instructions.  Rules too.  Making some of them uneasy.  Unable to grasp what was in store for them.  Regulations had long ago been rendered useless by most of them as they lived beyond normal boundaries that society erected for everyone else.  In their poverty, they nurtured a weird autonomy construct that made them think they were able to live outside fences, walls, any barrier.  
"I guess I am," he told her, smiling weakly.
In went the needle.  Out came the blood.  It was simple mechanics.  He watched the blood dribble into the tube, as she swapped out the first test tube for another one, shaking the first one gingerly while she waited for the other one to fill up.  "Hold your arm up, please," she ordered gently, as she finished up.  Then she grabbed a roll of adhesive tape to wrap around the puncture in the skin, following the usual procedure, always making sure all protocol was followed.  No deviations.  "Huh," she muttered, noticing that the site of where the needle had gone in had already stopped bleeding.  "Fast healer, sir," she told him, smiling briefly.
Isiah looked down and saw that there didn't seem to be any signs of where the needle had penetrated his skin.  Nothing.  Not a trace.  "That's weird," he stated, laughing.  "Never done that before."

"Look, General, what we have going on here is like some high functioning molecular vaccination.  Yeah, you heard that right.  I mean you wanted to develop a super soldier type and I am delivering that to you...to the military.  You want to win wars, right?"
"I guess I never realized about this DNA/Crispr alchemy, about how or what it really is all about," the General protested.  "The Brave New World aspect of it all."
"Without going into all the gory details let me just say when you start monkeying around the myostatin area, you know the muscle gene etc., well then it kind of makes steroids look quaint by comparison," Becker explained.  "When hypertrophy enters the picture you got a new ball game.  Hell, body builders would positively drool if they knew about this kind of science.  Believe me.  This particular bio-lab technique is a whole new frontier.  You got to remember, we are constructing what amounts to a new human being.  Almost from the ground up too.  Out with the old skin and bones type of thing.  Humans as we know them are nothing but fragile vessels really.  Vulnerable to diseases.  Taken down by simple viruses.  Internal organs that are susceptible to all sorts of stray germs.  It can be a real shit show when the immune system rebels too."
General Tanner stared at him for a moment, then glanced at LT and said, "We have to keep this all under wraps.  Can't have any leaks.  I am relying on you, Dr. Becker."
"No problem there, General Tanner," he assured him.  "We at Ouroboros are all about secrecy.  Used to it.  The corporate world is way too cut throat not to be.  No prying eyes.  Nothing gets in or out without us knowing about it.  My crew are all vetted and reliable.  They better be.  I pay them enough."

Three o'clock.  A different staffer, another white coated technician.  Hypodermic in hand.  Unsmiling.  All business.  Quick check of Isiah's bracelet.  Scanned.  "Make a fist for a second, sir."  Needle sliding in, right into the vein.  Expertly.  No fuss.  "I want you to stay seated for fifteen minutes, sir.  I will be back to check on you."
Isiah nods that he understands.  The room is quiet but he can hear voices, like listening to a radio in another room.  A cold rivulet of medicine is coursing through his veins.  He suddenly feels a headache slap his skull.  Feels like brain freeze after eating ice cream too fast, he thinks, clutching at the sides of his head.  His toes feel cold, frozen.  An unsteady heartbeat is roaring in his chest.  Thump.  Thump.  Thump.  He can't stop clenching his fists.  Tighter and tighter.  His finger nails are digging into his palms, drawing crimson blood.  Then several minutes later it all passes almost as quickly as it came over him.  He looks down at his palms and sees that there is no trace of him ever scratching himself.  
"How are we doing, sir?" the technician asks as he reappears.  "Any complications?"
Isiah stares at him for a moment and says, "I'm good."
After being released from the session, Isiah went back to his room, then feeling restless decided to go out into the hall.  No one was around.  All of a sudden he felt the over powering need to run, run like he used to do so many years before when he was catching passes on the football field.  He dashed down the hall, from end to end, and realized that it was as if he had turned back the clock.  Raw, unadulterated speed.  Sprinting.  Full on.  Nary a muscle pull.  Syncopated at first but then nothing but coordinated movement. Fluid.  Effortless.  He was astonished.

General Tanner had been forewarned.  He knew Dr. Becker was a renegade in science circles, a man who took shortcuts, ignored speed bumps, even bypassed the usual xenotrans plantation arena where animal parts were altered first before entering the realm of human experimentation.  Didn't see the point.  From scratch.  Expedite.  The world was waiting.
So now he was trapped in a predicament of his own making.  He had made promises.  Provided trumped up research papers.  Painting a future where the combatant would make America superior in every aspect of warfare.  By far.  Unquestionable.  Moving the US military into the next century.
Expectations were running high.  Even with the doubters voicing their disapproval and skepticism.  War had always been fought with flesh and blood, exquisitely vulnerable human beings bringing courage to the battle.  Improve the implements.  Better hardware.  Superb personal defense implements.  Precise Intel.  Well trained leadership.  Implacable Code of Honor to serve as a durable adhesive.  It was proven.  Through out history.
Dr. Becker had scoffed at that obsolete philosophy.  Winning war was by necessity transitional and needed to be parsed like any other discipline.  Like unforgiving economics applied.  Winners and losers.  Political contraction.  The usual.  To date, humans were dehumanized as they upheld venerable dictates handed down by tradition and collective desire.  Where the act of killing becomes an expression of a national intent.  A solution.  A result.  
"General," Becker told him in that tone he used when he wanted to dominate the conversation, "let me tell you what a sobering reality really is.  Right?  I think we can agree that there are multiple structural things going on with a war machine in, you know, war."
"Yeah, and your point is?" General Tanner asked, trying to keep his anger in check.
"Sometimes it is all about enduring the moment and other things of course," Becker explained, leaning back in his chair for a moment.  "You have capacity problems along the line.  You know, military implements and such.  Supply lines.  Communications.  All of that.  But what most of it, if not all, depends on capacity at the lowest level.  It often is lagging.  Through attrition and other factors.  Usually severe.  Degrading an army's functionality."
"You do know that we know all of this," General Tanner sneered, shaking his head.  "It has all been war gamed and still is every year.  Researched to death."
"Yes, of course, as it should be," Becker agreed.  "Yet where is the weak link?  Always.  It starts with the grunt on the ground.  Every army.  Every battlefield.  There is no getting around it.  Can't happen.  So what we need to the extent there is going to be any sort of advancement is a new soldier.  Simple as that."
"And?" General Tanner asked, puzzled.
"Well, General, it is a Herculean task but fortunately I got the answer," Becker announced, smiling fatuously.  "This Virion solution is, well, the solution.  Improve the soldier.  Make him, or her, indestructible, or as close as you can get to that level.  Simple."
"And it doesn't give you pause?  Just maybe you shouldn't be tinkering with the human body?  A person?" the General wanted to know.
Dr. Becker thought for a moment, then replied, "I guess not.  Considering I am well on my way to getting it accomplished.  If the military wants efficiency then this delivers,” he added proudly.
General Tanner stared at him for a moment, judging his sincerity, then said, "Nobody's going to absolve you of blame, Becker."
Becker laughed at his comment and declared, "Blame, hell, I'm going to win a Noble for this.  Won't that be ironic, I mean the prize was named after a guy who dabbled in dynamite or whatever it was.  Listen, I gotta tell you, General, I don't really see any moral dilemma here.  Doesn't apply.  We're beyond that.  That's small thinking that we really can't afford right now."

Vicissitudes of life, so it seemed.  Isiah was beginning to enjoy whatever the drug had short-circuited in his body.  It was elevating him by the moment.  He couldn't remember the last time he didn't have some ache and pain embedded somewhere:  persistent, almost angry jabbing nestled in his lower back, both knees creaking like worn out and rusted hinges, headaches etched into his skull.  He was a very old man in his fifties.  And now, he felt totally rejuvenated, as if he had turned back the clock thirty years or so.  Plus, as he was noticing more and more, he possessed something on the order of super powers.  Like in the comics.  
With deliberative ease, he started to assess his situation.  Maybe what I am feeling isn't irreversible.  There could be a built in time limit, he reasoned.  Might feel great for a week, a month, then what happens? he asked himself, as he stood looking at his image in the mirror.  Studying his face he could see youthful elasticity had returned to his skin.  Wrinkles had disappeared as if he had high priced plastic surgery.  His smile too.  
At dinner, he watched and listened, tuning in to the conversations going on all around him.  No one else seemed to be undergoing the same changes.  Stray complaints drifted towards him as he zeroed in here and there.  Same grumbling.  The food.  The surveillance.  Ouroboros heavy handed control.  Then he heard humming coming from the other side of the room.  Low.  Probably inaudible to most of the others.  A hip hop song he remembered from his time.  He studied the room for a moment, then detected where it was coming from.  
He knew the man.  From the streets.  Generally, a trouble maker, always one to instigate a fight.  Angry.  Unhinged even.  Borderline case.  Mentally disturbed.  Tossed out of most of the shelters in the area.  Retreated to the Kentucky side of the river last he heard.  Names's Jamal, he remembered.  Had a run-in with him about a month ago, he recalled.  Altercation in Fountain Square.  Argument over something Isiah was confused about.  Didn't make much sense at the time.  Jamal had shouted at him then knocked his hat off of his head, and stomped on it.  In its way, it was comical, cartoonish.  Several bystanders had laughed, making Jamal even more incensed about whatever had set him off in the first place.  A passing police car had stopped momentarily and announced over the squad car's loud speaker for them to break it up.  Move on.  Don't make me get out of my car and arrest you two idiots.  It had defused the situation immediately, as Jamal muttered a few choice obscenities and walked away.
Isiah was used to the inherent volatility present on the streets.  It happened with enough regularity it made you inured to your on going predicament.  At the bottom.  Looking up.  Prospects dulled by possibility and probability.  Take it in stride.  Move on to the next installment of dignity stealing circumstances.  
An announcement came over the Ouroboro's intercom.  Regular occurrence.  All day.  Every day.  On the hour.  In between.  Dulcet amplified tones from what seemed like a computerized voice.  Incisive diction.  Imparting more information.  Keeping order.  
This seemed to set Jamal off instantly.  He held his hands over his ears and started bellowing about how the sound was hurting his ears.  Loud, screaming.  Demanding that it stop.  He jumped to his feet and then tossed his tray of food at the nearest loud speaker mounted in the ceiling.  Fragments of food flew everywhere.  A man at his table got splattered and called Jamal an asshole.  He whirled around and before the man could react was on top of the table and lifting the man out of his chair, where his feet dangled down helplessly.  
Isiah could now see raw strength in action.  Drug induced and enhanced.  Jamal was a large man, over six feet tall.  On the street, his unwavering projection of craziness usually provided him with enough advantage to intimidate most people.  He was now decidedly dangerous, possessing a surfeit of physical prowess to back up his episodes of paranoia that invariably descended into psychotic behavior.  
Jamal shook the man like a rag doll then heaved him over the adjacent table, where he landed flat on his back.  The alarm bells were going off.  A steady, discordant clanging filled the room.  Echoing.  A resounding clarion call to action for the resident security crew, who entered the room from both sides, crashing through the doors.  Obviously they had been well trained as they flanked Jamal on both sides and slowly advanced on him.  He stood atop the table and laughed at them, mocking their riot batons.  
Seconds later he was diving on the nearest security guard, pummeling him as the others moved in.  At the bottom of the scrum Jamal was inflicting as much damage as possible.  There was a sickening thud, then a wrenching crack, and he reappeared from the pile, holding one of the batons, swinging it wildly.  Crackling, two separate taser chords latched onto Jamal's arms and legs.  There was no affect, as Jamal plucked the tentacle wires off of him and laughed.
Then a half dozen darts landed.  Two sunk into his neck.  Several were embedded in his torso.  Jamal yanked them out but not soon enough to stop the tranquilizer from entering his blood stream.  He staggered for a moment then collapsed to the floor, but was quickly back on his feet again.  Reincarnated.  Another security team appeared and a large net was shot out of a specialized gun that blanketed Jamal.  He struggled to fight to get out from under the net, while the guards cinched up the chord around the net and held him fast.  Quickly a gurney was rolled in and Jamal was manhandled onto the gurney and wheeled away.
It was obvious to Isiah the security team was prepared for almost any eventuality.  Trained.  Ouroboros didn't take chances.  Kept ahead of potential catastrophe in whatever shape and form.  Had they done this before, he wondered. 
So others are experiencing changes, he thought as he sat in his room and wondered what other transformation might happen.  There was two more weeks left in the study.  That translated to maybe two more injections, if he remembered correctly.  They had all been given a schedule when they arrived and told to adhere to it.  Ordered, gently.  The director of the trial, or warden as some of the other participants called her, ruled with a soft hand.  Spoke in the subjunctive.  Smiled.  With professional congeniality.  While behind the scenes she made sure no breaches of protocol would occur and if they did measures came down quickly.  Leaving no room for violations.  No daylight.  Snuff out recalcitrance and any semblance of disobedience.  Swift removal was her most effective tool.  Everyone knew some of the original roster had disappeared, replaced by another candidate, an alternate.
Bide my time, Isiah told himself.  Hang in there.  Enjoy the hospitality.  The perks.  It wouldn't be long before he would be back out on the streets.  Fending off hunger.  Foraging.  Searching for shelter.  Avoiding obstacles that invariably popped up.  Irritable police.  Feral dogs.  People too, the ones absent any societal anchors and weren't troubled by living in the margins or outside the confines of sporadically enforced laws.  

"You mean to tell me this now?" the General demanded to know, half statement, half question.  "How long?  How many?"
"I will get you all of that information but first you have to put this all into perspective, General Tanner," Dr. Becker explained, trying not to show his exasperation at having to deal with someone who couldn't think on a larger scale.
They were in his office again.  Another follow up meeting.  One in a long line.  So many the General was tired of driving down from Dayton to Cincinnati.  For the last several meetings he had come solo, leaving LT back at the Wright-Patterson because he didn't want to include him in the discussions that were taking place.  Extra-legal.  Quasi illegal.  Bordering on criminality.  He knew he was now locked into the path Dr. Becker and he had chosen.  It had become a Faustian bargain of sorts, one that had been altered in order to facilitate and advance science.  He rued the day he had elected to overlook the ethical shortcomings inherent in the Axon study.  Making the project highly classified only intensified the moral stench it was giving off.  
"First you tell me there have been some deaths...all protected by legal disclaimers and waivers...and now this," General Tanner exclaimed, raising his voice, clearly alarmed.
"General, calm down," Becker told him, trying to sound unconcerned.  Just operating procedure.  Nothing to see here.  Happens all the time.  "There will be hardly any repercussions from any of this.  That is why we work with these types of subjects.  No fall out.  No indemnity.  Or hardly any."
"Hardly any?" the General cried out.  Then thought for a moment and added, "What am I saying?  Nothing about this is okay, Becker."
"Look, we have it under control.  Believe me.  My people know what they are doing.  We got it all locked down.  Tight.  Absolutely no leaks.  I can assure you of that," he explained.
"What about these side affects I heard about?  What about that problem?  Tell me what's going on there," he demanded to know.
"Well, without getting to far into the scientific weeds, some of the subjects are experiencing enhanced abilities.  Hey, that's a good thing, right?" he informed him.  "We are developing the next soldier to take the battlefield and they are going to have to be extraordinary.  Am I right here?"
The General stared at him then said, "Extraordinary, how exactly?  I mean we can't have mutants running around on the battle field can we?  They have to be, you know, able to follow orders.  To think.  Be somewhat human for Christ sakes."  The General thought about what he had just said and realized how far he had fallen into a rabbit hole of abnormality.
"We're working on it as we speak," Becker announced cheerfully, used to having to soothe investors who had qualms about aspects of research no one wanted to think about.  Contemplation could be counter-productive sometimes.  Feeling the need to assuage the General's consternation and anxiety, he said, "Soon, real soon, we will have some better more accurate data then we will know where we stand on this."
"Yeah, even though you have told me before that these "subjects" are like walking pathogens or something.  That definitely does not inspire confidence, believe me.  Need less to say we can't have hybrid humans out in public.  Who knows what might happen.  Fucking hell, this is turning out to be--"
"Hold on, General.  You are getting ahead of yourself here.  Only two or three of the subjects have turned up with any novel physiological changes...enhancements.  So lets not panic now.  Not at this juncture.  Come on, you got to relax, General.  We got this.  Our progress has been outstanding.  You are well on your way to reinventing warfare as we know it.  This is historical shit here, General Tanner.  Enjoy the ride."
The General wanted to punch him.  Hard.  Twice.  He had hooked his wagon to a mad man, a person who traveled in a totally different universe of his own making.  It was going to all turn bad and he knew he had no way of pivoting out of any of it.  Back at the Pentagon he was the face of the Axon experiment.  Files and files had his signature at the bottom.  He had been the cheerleader for the entire enterprise, the redirection of combat improvement.  There was no escape hatch for him.  Could face a court martial or at the very least resigning in disgrace.  Lucky to get a pension. 

Isiah had just finished polishing off three hundred pushups when he heard a cavalcade of footsteps out in the hall.  Then shouts.  A woman screamed.  Broken glass.  He peaked out his door and saw the security guards in full riot regalia standing by the window down at the end of the hall where a gaping hole now was.  Shards of glass lay on the floor in a glistening mosaic.  "What the fuck just happened?" one of the guards yelled out.  "The guy just did a header out the window," another one replied, while the technician stood google eyed, muttering to herself, "I was just taking his BP."
One of the guards noticed Isiah standing by his room and ordered him to go back inside.  Close the door.  Lock down.  Nothing to see here.  Other participants were too frightened to come out of their rooms.  Cowering, used to being controlled by authority.  
"Can you believe it, the guy jumped out a sixth floor window.  Splat," he stated, shaking his head.  
"Like this isn't going to be a butt load of paper work to fill out," another one said, cursing under his breath.  
"Good luck writing this up," yet another one said, laughing, as they all joined in the callous display of disinterest. Another day on the job.  More disposable numbers to excise.  Progress hurts.
Isiah found himself anxious, but more angry than anything else.  First the guy in the cafeteria and now this.  It was more than obvious they were all being poisoned by what ever it was Ouroboros was studying.  Being paid to be a human guinea pig wasn't supposed to be this dangerous. Vacation like.  Easy money.  Yes, that was what one of the recruiters had said.  Harmless.  Best of all, it was for mankind.  Help everyone when it was perfected.  You can be proud that you had a part in helping people.  It was all purposely vague.  Slick.  Full of a salesman's disingenuous deceit.  I know.  I shouldn't have been so gullible.  I sold cars.  I used the same tactics for deception.  I have to get out of here.
He didn't realize his body was in antigenic overdrive.  Changes were coming rapidly.  In fact, no one knew.  Not really.  With many experiments, the outcome was subject to scientific expectation.  Ouroboros, Dr. Becker, was at best incautious.  Liked to gamble.  Throw caution to the wind.  It was the only way to advance research, so he believed.  The entire study environment was designed around cutting corners when possible, anything to pursue a goal.  In the past, Becker had slipped past governmental regulations with clever techniques when need be and naked bribes when necessary.  Money served as a motivator most times.  Loosened legal requirements.  Carved out space for him to maneuver around bureaucratic bottle necks or strict guidelines backed up by busy body private organizations with unyielding standards and public personas that allowed them to voice objections when necessary.  
"I need to speak to somebody about getting out of here," Isiah said to one of the staff members, a woman he had spoken to several times throughout the study.  She was the main facilitator, there to oversee the trial participants and keep them apprised of their progress.  Unlike the technicians, she was talkative and mostly informative about what to expect.  
"Isiah, what are your concerns?" she wanted to know immediately, smiling, hands clasped in front of her.  
"Well...I need to get out," he informed her nervously, unsure how Ouroboros would take his request.  
"Can I help you with any problems you might be having, Isiah?  What don't we sit down and discuss what is going on with you at the moment.  Maybe I can help," she offered, motioning for him to take a seat in one of the chairs in the hallway.
Isiah immediately knew when he was being worked.  Seen it plenty of times.  Also, he noticed that he could actually hear her heart beating.  Smell her.  Aggressive perfume, blending with a trace of nervous perspiration.  And onions, delicately sauteed, probably from a breakfast burrito.    Ignoring that startling input, he told her, "I hate to bail on you guys but I...I can't take this shit anymore," he explained, trying to sound reasonable, not unhinged.  "I can leave anytime I want.  Can't keep me here."
She smiled back at him and said in a calm, practiced voice, "Oh no, we won't ever do that, Isiah.  Why don't you tell me exactly what has changed your mind so suddenly.  We can see if there is something to be done about your concerns.  How does that sound to you, Isiah?"
Smooth, he thought.  She was good at her job.  "Just want to go, that's it.  Nothing special about it.  Just feel like I got to get back outside.  Kinda don't like it here anymore.  Feel trapped or something," he stated, standing up to let her know he really didn't want to delve into all the reasons he might want to quit the study.
She stood up and touched his forearm lightly then said, "Oh why don't we give it a little while longer.  You would be surprised how many people find they can adjust and make it to the end.  Just think too, you will be getting that reward.  In cash.  And, if I am not mistaken, I believe there is going to be a big bonus for all of the ones who complete the trial.  Wouldn't that be great for you?"
He stepped back and eyed her for a moment, then replied, "No, I don't care about any of that anymore.  I just need to be out of here.  Today."
A frown crossed her face briefly then she said, "I'll tell you what.  Let me go and talk to my supervisor for a minute and see what we can do for you, Isiah.  How does that sound?  Is that okay?  Are you okay with that, Isiah?  I will be right back.  Promise.  Then we can see about you being released from your contract.  You do know you signed a contract, right?  A legal document."  Her tone had shifted.  She stood there with her arms akimbo.  Rigid.  The smile had vanished now.
"Don't give a shit about that," he shot back, as he detected her heartbeat increase.  "You guys...Ouroboros, can sue me if you want.  Good luck with that," he declared angrily.  "I got rights, you know."
"Yes, yes, you do," she told him, her tone shifting back and her smile too.  "No one here wants to violate anyone's legal rights, Isiah.  That is not what we do here at Ouroboros.  But you must realize we value your contribution to science and--"
"I'm not changing my mind," he exclaimed firmly, turning to walk back to his room.  Over his shoulder he shouted out:  "I'm packing up my stuff right now."
She hurried away, disappearing through a side door.  Several other participants stared at him, passing on their assessment, mostly centered around losing the pay out.  Calling him dumb.  Don't do it.  Just wait it out.  Not much longer to go.  He waved away their protestations and advice.  Telling them to get out now while they still can, that there was some "weird ass shit going on." 

"How long has this been going south?" the General asked LT.
LT didn't care for the savage tone from General Tanner.  Had seen it on occasion, usually after contentious Pentagon meetings, ones where his boss was grilled by other more senior officers.  High altitude types with pull around Capitol Hill and knew how to throw their weight around when need be.  The General never liked it when he became just another small fish in a big pond.  Down the food chain a little bit.  Like most Generals and Admirals, he was accustomed to giving orders not receiving any.  It made for some awkward moments that scorched his sense of invulnerability.  These times made him long to be back at Wright-Patterson where he could climb back up on his pedestal.  Safely ensconced within the confines of his department that no one talked about and few knew even existed.  At least what their mission actually was.  Concealed behind a phalanx of silent military personnel bound by the government's fetish for secrecy.  All reinforced by the unyielding Military Code.
"I don't know, sir," he replied, knowing that not having an answer was often times worse than supplying one.  "I will look--"
"You don't know," the General bellowed out, his voice carrying out into the foyer of his spacious office, the one appointed with numerous enlarged photos of aircraft on the walls, along with a dozen small model planes resting on various pieces of furniture.  Even though the General had never flown an aircraft of any kind and, unbeknownst to most, had a fear of flying.  Only a relatively small percentage of Air Force personnel were connected to the actual mission of flight.  As with most large bureaucracies, it was top heavy with clerical workers and middle-management types there to facilitate the military enterprise.  "Well you had better damn well find out!" he ordered, slamming his fist down on the desk, causing a model of the F-86 Sabre fighter plane to shudder.  "We are, if you don't already know, about to enter an epic sized shit storm here and dammit I don't want my ass to be hanging out there for someone to kick.  You got that?  I guess you better because you are in this with me too.  We are both going down."
"As you well know, General, the Ouroboros Corporation is an opaque company but I'm trying to infiltrate the barriers the best I can," he explained, trying to keep his excuses to a minimum.  "I do have someone on the inside but it is hard to glean some of the information in a timely manner."
General Tanner, now used to LT's peculiar diction, his elliptical way with words, stared at him for a moment trying to decide whether or not he was going to keep dressing him down.  His phone rang and he fielded a call for a moment and hung up.  "Well, guess what, there's been a break out down there.  Holy shit.  This whole thing is going to blow up on us," he exclaimed mournfully.  "I'm going to have to probably resign and hope for the best after that."

Isiah held him up against the wall with one hand and fended off the other guard with the other, who was trying to tase him but it wasn't having much effect.  He had made it down to the lower floors after breaching the reinforced doors that kept the trial participants separated from the rest of the building.  After he had been told to sleep on his decision for another night and him telling them there was no way he was staying, they had locked him in his room.  He simply ripped the door off its hinges and tossed it aside, while a technician, scared for his life, retreated to another floor, radioing for help as he did.  
When a squad of security guards appeared, a half dozen in number, Isiah laughed at them and disarmed all of them one after the other.  Riot batons were snapped in half.  Martial Art moves were ineffective as he broke arms and legs in the process, bouncing bodies off the hallway walls.  The last two standing security guards weren't giving up without a fight but he toyed with them for a moment or two before dispatching them too, riddling their torsos with their own tasers until they collapsed and were unconscious.  Isiah stopped momentarily to survey the damage he had done, marveling at how easy it had been to demolish six well trained men.  And his heart rate had hardly changed.  
Electing not to take the elevator, fearing they might over ride the controls, he bounded down the stairwell, arriving on the first floor in no time.  He burst out into the lobby, startling several visitors just arriving and going through the magnometer metal detectors at the security point.  Right about then the building wide alarm went off, sending out resounding wails, a clarion call to the entire security staff on site.  Three guards rushed him, having been alerted about the disturbance upstairs in the trials operational area.  
"You guys want some of this," Isiah taunted, now certain of his physical strength.
One of the guards flew over the receptionist's desk, landing up against the wall.  The other two were disabled with a few well place blows to the head.  Laughing, Isiah bid the shocked bystanders good-bye and strolled out of the building.  Back on the streets again. 
Behind, in his wake, over a half dozen security guards were hospitalized.  With one dead and another in a medically induced coma in an attempt to save his life.  Bewildered cops crawled all over the crime scene, all wondering what had happened, while the Ouroboros staff tried to draw up the drawbridge in an attempt to tamp down any unwanted publicity.  Conditioned to stay off the radar, in the shadows, they tried to keep the investigators away.  Referring all questions to the company spokeswoman, who fielded their inquiries with evasive answers and barbed rejoinders when needed.  Private property.  The melee has been exaggerated.  Just an unruly study subject.  Nothing more than that.  Surely you understand, Detective.
Someone had died, though.  Changing the equation dramatically.  No more stonewalling.  This is now a crime scene.  Homicide.  Move out of the way.  While the company spokeswoman valiantly tried to keep them at bay, upstairs Dr. Becker was playing defense, assembling his usual team for use when bad press needed to be avoided, altered.  They all ascended to his office.
"What the fuck, people?" he began the meeting with, standing at the head of the conference table, eyeing each one of them for a moment.  "What's our move here?"
"Don't know if we have one, Ernst," John, the COO replied, shaking his head, noticing the others giving him looks, looks that told him he might have over stepped his place.  Right out of the chute.  The first rule he had learned from all of them was not to be too bold.  Hasty.  Feel out each situation.  Check the temperature of the room before putting yourself out there.  Pressing on, he continued, "Got a death here...kind of changes things a little bit."  He tried to laugh but noticed his throat had gone dry.  Arid.  He tried not to cough.
“Two deaths,” Laura mumbled, avoiding eye contact.
“What...oh yeah, the window incident and the security guard,” John muttered to himself.
"Anybody else gonna tell me the obvious," Becker shouted out.  "All holy hell is about to break out and we had better be ready to battle it.  Right?  I mean let's put together a plan and right this fucking minute.  Laura, got any ideas?"
"I tried to keep the police from--"
"I know, I know," he said, motioning for them all to sit down.  "The old game plan isn't going to work, not this time.  But I still want you front and center on this," he said to her, as she nodded in agreement.  "Do what you can and keep me advised."
"I got point on our liaison with the cops," Tim, the CFO, offered timidly.  "I will try to see if I can stay one step ahead of their moves.  You know, keep them off balance maybe."
"Good," Becker mumbled, studying some files on the desk.  "We have exposure here so we need to circle the wagons like we never have before.  Jimmy, I need for you to put the clamps on the cops coming and going.  The usual roadblocks," he stated, nodding at the head of security for a moment, who had just entered the conference room.  “I want you to get back down to the control room and keep tabs on whatever the cops are doing in the building.  Got it?”
He nodded yes and said, “On it.”   
"I am monitoring the hospital and keeping the families up to date too," Laura explained, glancing around the table at the others for an instant.  She waited for the head of security to leave then asked:  “What happened?"
Becker gave her a murderous look and said, "We had a meltdown of epic proportions.  Yeah, I guess you might have to say that.  The study is fucked.  I need for us to go into delete mode like now, today.  Can’t have exposure here.  Follow the usual plan.  Shred it all.  No trace.  Understood?"  The others nodded in agreement and he quickly adjourned the meeting.
“What about the people in the study?” John suddenly asked.
Becker stopped in his tracks, then replied, “Pay them all off.  As quick as possible.  Draw out the money now.  Get all of them off premises immediately.  Got that?”
“No problem.  I’ll get right on it,” Laura answered, hurrying out of the conference room, already on her phone contacting the billing department.

A Bolo was out on him, so he learned from the streets.  People telling him he was targeted.  That cops were on the lookout.  Visiting all the shelters.  Checking in with the local churches.  Adding his photo to the local news.  Evening broadcast, with concerned anchors informing everyone to be vigilant, that there was a murderer on the loose.  Dangerous.  Might be armed.  Last seen leaving the Ouroboros building.
Predictably, Isiah’s identity was fleshed out fully, with photos old and recent. Once played for the University of Cincinnati Bearcats football team.  All Conference several times.  Drafted by the Miami Dolphins.  Interviews with friends from the neighborhood popped up.  Sympathetic profiles for the most part, all saying the cops had the wrong guy, that Isiah was a good person.  Good family too.  Never in trouble.  Social media buzzed with stories too.  Including reliving his exploits on the field.  Winning TD catches.  Punt returns.  Great player on a bad team.  
No mention of his son, Tyreke.  Very little connection.  Father in name only.  Mother passed.  Grand mothers too.  Family genealogical structure obliterated by sociological circumstance, left to wither up and disappear.  
As Isiah was leaving a neighborhood store near an abandoned building just north of OTR a cop car stopped across the street.  The officer watched him walk north then turned his patrol car around and followed Isiah for a block or two before speeding up to intercept him as he was crossing the street against the light.  
Gun drawn, the policeman ordered Isiah to stop and slowly place his hands on his head.  Isiah turned around and smiled at the cop, which made the policeman repeat his command, louder.  “Gonna shoot me, officer?” Isiah asked him, still smiling.  “Keep your hands on your head!” the policeman called out, training his gun on him.  In the background the sound of sirens could be heard wailing, getting nearer.  “Called in some help?” Isiah wanted to know, laughing.  “I think you might need it.”  The policeman fingered the trigger guard nervously while he edged closer towards Isiah.  
A cop car careened down the street, swerving around two cars and then screeched to a stop behind Isiah.  He turned his head slightly to take a look.  “I told you not to move,” the policeman shouted out.  “Kind of heard you,” Isiah said, grinning.  “Let me tell you right now, officer, I’m gonna mess you up.  Just saying.”  “Shut up!”
The other officer ran up behind Isiah, gun drawn.  “Is it him?”
“Fits the description,” the other cop answered.
“Isiah Worth,” Isiah called out, laughing.  “You got me.”
“Real joker here,” the first cop announced, slipping up behind Isiah and deftly sliding handcuffs onto Isiah’s wrists.
“You guys are about to have a really bad day,” Isiah announced, laughing.  “I mean a really bad day.”
“Told you he was a comedian,” the policeman informed the other cop.
More sirens were echoing up and down the streets as Isiah said, “Can’t say I didn’t warn you.”  In one motion, he snapped the handcuffs off his wrists, where they clattered to the sidewalk.  The two cops were dumbfounded and stood stock still, gaping.  As they tried to unholster their sidearms, Isiah took one out with a well placed punch to the face, where the cop dropped to the ground, unconscious.  “You’re next,” Isiah stated, grabbing the other policeman by the shirt collar and lifting him up, before tossing him onto the hood of his police cruiser.  His service gun clattered on the pavement.  “See you,” he exclaimed and started to dash away.  Suddenly another police officer appeared from around the corner and leveled his sidearm at Isiah.  “Freeze, don’t move,” the cop called out, gripping his handgun tighter.  He locked eyes with Isiah for an instant then squeezed off a round.  Isiah flinched for a moment, grabbing his left shoulder where the bullet had entered, exiting out his back.  “Shouldn’t have done that,” Isiah told him, grinning.  “Just made me mad, officer,” he exclaimed, smiling.  “Kinda stings a little.”
In one quick bound Isiah was on the police officer before he could react.  He easily disarmed him, tossing the gun in a nearby garbage can.  Rigid with surprise, rapidly replaced by fear, the police officer stammered incoherently for a moment before Isiah heaved him up in the air, where he landed on his back in the middle of the street.  Down about a block or so two police cars almost collided as they turned onto the street.  They screeched to a stop but Isiah was gone.  Disappeared.  Blending back into the streets he knew so well.
He finally stopped running when he had gotten to a building on Vine Street.  It had been abandoned for many years and he often used it as a refuge.  Inside, there was minimal damage.  The roof was intact.  As were the stairwells.  The owner had sealed it off effectively but he had managed to slip in through a gap in the boarding in the rear of the building.  In days past it had been an office building of some sort and had a warren of small offices sectioned off for numerous businesses.  The insulation was adequate so the winter temperatures could be warded off with relatively primitive preparation.  Blankets.  Sleeping bag found at a homeless shelter.  Good winter coat.  He liked it because no one seemed to have discovered it and he could be left alone.
Isiah bounded up the stairs in route to his usual spot.  Top floor, with access to the roof.  Good vantage point.  Able to see up and down the street and in all directions.  Thinking strategically now, he scanned the city scape below.  Watching a fleet of cop cars coursing up and down the streets, sirens wailing, lights lighting up the night sky.  As he watched the organized calamity below, the wound in his shoulder had almost healed, leaving behind barely a trace of pain.  He marveled at how the bullet hadn’t done all that much damage to his body.  Running his fingers over the wound, he noticed there had been very little blood even and the skin was already regenerating.  No scar was visible, only now the fresh skin that had grown back was a deep shade of purple.  
Isiah went into one of the offices where he knew there was a large, stained mirror on the wall.  Although it was dark in the building with night time having descended over the city, his eyes were able to see as if it were the middle of the day.  Along with his other senses his vision had improved four or five fold.  Like a cat.  With profound nocturnal ability.  He studied his  reflection, his upper body.  “I am damn near invincible,” he said aloud, laughing.  “Like some super hero or something.”

“Have we locked it down?” Dr. Becker wanted to know, asking his assistant, who nodded yes.  “General Tanner has been informed we are in full crisis mode?”  He knew the General was in route south, probably speeding down I75 at that very moment.  Their working arrangement was about to take on a whole new complexion.  They were going to have to cooperate in order to come out the other side.  Whole.  Without complications.  And legal pitfalls that were going to inexorably pop up.  He had his cadres of staffers working overtime.  In the past, he had been hobbled by some misguided advice from some of his employees who were adamant about hewing to lawful standards.  Their resistance only strengthened his resolve to go his own way, to leave ethical minefields to others.  He always felt more empowered by being above what he deemed petty restrictions.
Becker instincts told him it might be spiraling out of control.  On his desk lay the file on Isiah Worth.  His name was now in the media.  Blossoming slowly.  Every minute the situation was becoming a riskier and riskier proposition.  More difficult to control.  It was all going to taint the company name.  He also knew there were too many unknowns.  Although they had researched the drug being tested, there were many variables that might present themselves.  Some good.  Some bad.  With pharmaceuticals it could go either way, leaving gaping holes in the scientific advancement.  In some of the modeling for the drug data there had been alarming alterations in the human genome, physiological transitions that were almost too fanciful to contemplate and thereby discounted.  Not to be believed.  Science fiction.  Like in a comic book.  
One of his assistants texted him that the General had arrived.  Parking his car.  Under surveillance.  All communications had been offloaded to a secondary system, one kept secret.  Off the books.  Away from prying subpoenas that might pin Ouroboros down in court.  Deniability had become one of the most vital assets going forward.  Didn’t happen.  Absolutely no proof.  Welcome to the house of mirrors.
“What do we got?” General Tanner demanded to know when he stepped into Becker’s office.
Becker noticed he had traveled alone and wondered if the General too was beginning to tighten the circle, keep information on a need to know basis.  He hoped he was because he knew that he could be vulnerable on that front when and if the powers that be came knocking.  “We are working on it as we speak.  Keeping a lid on it.”
“I damn well hope so, Becker,” the General told him in a tone that had just a hint of desperation in it.  “Our asses are on the line.  I guess you know that.”
“Duly noted, General,” he shot back, trying to control his temper.  “Let me just say here and now that we aren’t going to be able to stay between the lines on this.  If you know what I mean.”  Becker tapped his finger on a file placed on his desk and continued, “My staff worked on these stats all night...all fucking night.  We are on this.”
“What the hell is it?” the General asked, no longer impressed or intimated by Becker’s antics or tactics.  
“A boat load of bio-statistics,” Becker informed him ominously.  “We analyzed this shit up and down, in and out, and what we have found is that...that the drug is working like...like nothing we have seen before in our laboratory settings.  Man, I’m floored by some of this data.”
“Are we talking specifically about Worth here?”
‘Oh yeah, and others too,” Becker said proudly.  “We done something nobody else has ever come close to.”
“Others?  You mean to tell me there are other...other mutants out there too?”
“Well so far only Worth has made that quantum leap.  The others have only made little advances with their biological makeup,” Becker explained.  “That’s a good thing.  Believe it or not.  We can control it.  Steer it.”
“Are you kidding?  Worth is on the loose right this minute.  You did hear that he beat up a bunch of cops, right?  It’s all over the news.  Christ!  We aren’t in any way controlling this thing,” the General shouted.  “How long before he does something worse.  More heinous?  Then what?”
“Listen, I got my best people on this.  They’ll be able to handle this situation.  I’m confident of that.  No problem.  We just have to get him back into our labs.  See what makes him tick.  What changes have happened to his body.  Relax, General.  We are now able to create the super soldier you’ve always wanted.  Think about that for a minute.”
“I have, Becker, and all I can see is a disaster waiting to happen.  That’s all,” he stated, glaring at him.  “What good is a super soldier if you can’t control him...it?  You got an answer for that?”
Becker had faith in the upper echelon of Ouroboros.  To him, they had answered the siren call, the one that called them to the forefront, with a credo pitting them against the world.  Like a colonnade.  Standing strong.  Able to fend off outsiders.  Adopting a military outlook.  They were going to track down Worth.  Bring him back.  Expand the experimentation.  Perfect the formula.  The results.
Of course General Tanner knew nothing of this development.  He had no idea Becker had assembled a paramilitary unit to track down Worth.  Like he didn’t know the inch thick dossier comprising everything about Isiah Worth existed.  Never one to condense anything, Becker was always prepared.  Drawing from some of the personnel in his security department, a strike team of former special force members had been enlisted for the crises.  All sharing the same amount of zeal necessary to accomplish the mission at hand.  Treat the problem as if it were a threat.  
Careful that he wasn’t in any way valorizing violence, Becker had given them a pre-mission pep talk before sending them out into the streets of Cincinnati.  With the usual caveats.  Avoid police contact.  No publicity.  Brought back alive.
It was the opening salvo in their agenda to wrest control back from the local authorities.  Defuse the situation.  Immediately, if possible.  Once Worth was back under their control they would be able to manage the fallout successfully.  
Fortunately for them, for Ouroboros, Isiah Worth was totally unaware that the company had laced his food with a novel, just developed type of isotope that stayed in his blood stream for days at a time and would enable them to track him like a beacon giving off a signal.  Just another invention from the Ouroboros lab.  Lucrative project.  Possible implementation was limitless.  In sum, money maker.
Just as he was finishing up his meeting with General Tanner, the strike team, kitted out in the latest combat gear, complete with menacing space age fabric balaclavas to hide their identities, had detected Isiah’s signal and were closing in.  None the wiser, the General left, returning to Dayton full of the usual dread he always felt after speaking face to face with Dr. Becker.  He knew it wouldn’t be long before he would be called to the Pentagon.  Before Congress too.  In a public hearing, with dismayed members on the Hill spouting off about how he had disgraced himself, the Air Force, and the country.  The dressing down would be televised for all to see.  Just how he had let them all down.  Crossed all moral boundaries.

Isiah stood on the roof top and gazed out over the city.  Watching.  Using his new found attributes.  Listening.  Zeroing in on windows blocks away.  Seeing the city inhabitants at home.  On the street.  Detecting aromas from afar.  Mingling cuisine, bursting with flavors.  He had never felt so alive.  
His acute hearing picked up on a radio transmission in the distance.  Closer.  Coming closer.  Crackling voices were speaking in a terse jargon.  Practiced.  Precise.  Information imparted absent any emotion.  He scanned the neighborhood.  Another noise cascaded into his ears.  Near.  One floor down.  Light footfalls echoed.  A percussion of heartbeats resounded.  
Somebody’s coming, he thought, as he eased down the first flight of stairs.  The next flight down a man, rifle in hand, was peering upwards, using his NVD, the optoelectronic night vision goggles to see in the dark.  Isiah stared down at him.  The two men paused, eyeing each other for a moment.  A radio crackled attached to the man’s vest.  
“You looking for me?” Isiah taunted.
Calmly, the man answered the radio, telling them where Worth was.  He then leveled his rifle and stated:  “You can do this the easy way or the hard way.  Don’t matter to me.”
Isiah laughed and replied, “I sure hope you got more backup on the way.  ‘Cause I’m going to have an easy time if it’s just you.”  The man pulled the trigger, sending out a tranquilizing dart.  Isiah easily batted it away, like swatting at an angry insect.  Shocked, the man took aim again and fired off another dart that penetrated Isiah’s right shoulder.  He plucked it out and tossed it aside.  He tried to take aim for another shot but Isiah was on top of him, having leaped from the landing all the way down the steps.  He yanked the rifle out of the surprised man’s hands and tossed it down the stairwell, where it clanked against the railing several times before coming to stop several floors down. “I warned you,” Isiah announced, punching him in the stomach several times, then throwing him against the wall.  “All ninja upped and can’t fight worth a shit,” he exclaimed, laughing.  
A chorus of voices drifted up the stairs as rapid footfalls resounded.  Isiah glanced down and could see at least a half dozen men ascending.  Who are these guys, he wondered, deciding on what his plan of action should be.  He reasoned they weren’t there to kill him otherwise why would they be trying to shoot him with darts.  Must be from Ouroboros.  There to take him back.  Back to the lab.  For more tests.  More experimenting.  
He listened for a moment.  Their breathing sounded to him like gasping as they climbed up the stairs.  One of them was trying to raise the other man on his radio.  Wanting to know what was going on.  Had there been a sighting of Worth or not.  Status update.  Check in.  
Isiah wasn’t sure what chemical was on the dart.  What its efficacy was against him.  Could it immobilize him or not.  Certainly Ouroboros would know how to take out one of their subjects.  Had to have been in their arsenal.  He had seen in the cafeteria how they took down the other participant.  Ready for any contingency.  
“I see him, Sarge,” a voice called out suddenly and Isiah noticed a man had come out onto the landing above him through the door leading to a higher floor.  Over the radio he could hear someone tell him to trap him there, don’t let him go up the stairs.  
“Don’t make me hurt you, son,” Isiah called up the stairs, noticing the guy was young, very early twenties.  
“I need for you to stay right where you are,” the guy called back down, aiming his rifle.  
Isiah noticed his heartbeat had increased considerably and his shooting hand was trembling.  It was almost as if he could hear the adrenaline coursing through his body.  He thought for a moment.  Going up would give him the easiest route but then he would be on top of the roof with nowhere to go.  Going down would mean dealing with several men or so.  All heavily armed.  Seasoned by combat too.  Tours of duty to unforgiving places dotted around the world.  Used to danger.  To uneven odds, where fate could be unbending and probability on a short string.
He flew up the stairs in several bounds, crushing the young guy with a blow to the head before he could react.  Hit him too hard, he told himself, as he saw the guy crumple to the floor.  Probably dead when he hit his head on the stairs on the way down.  There was no time to check on his condition.  
Pounding boots came up the stairs.  Scrambling now.  In pursuit.
Out on the roof top again, Isiah surveyed his surroundings, trying to decide what his next move should be.  Attack them when they come through the door seemed viable.  Hand to hand.  Use his brute strength to disable them.
No time to decide.  They burst through the door and took up combat positions across from him.  Rifles leveled.  He counted six.  Six darts, if they all fired and hit their target.  Surely that would take him down.  Put him under.  Then he would be in their control again.  Concealed behind the walls of the Ouroboros corporation.  Never to be seen again.  A killer on the streets that simply disappeared.  Instant mystery for the police.  And the public.  Soon to be obscured by another media cycle on to other more lurid stories.
Then he noticed the other building to the north.  There was a gap between buildings of perhaps twenty yards.  It was occupied, having been renovated in the latest round of gentrification in the Over The Rhine section of Cincinnati, where dilapidated buildings were often cheek to jowl with renovated ones, giving the neighborhood a peculiar urbanized schizophrenia like facade.  Although he wasn’t sure of the limits of his new found physical abilities, he knew he didn’t want to go back to the clutches of the Ouroboros company.  
“All you got to do is come with us peacefully and we will--” one of the men called out.
“Fuck that,” Isiah shouted and ran as fast as he could then leaped off the building.
Like a “broad jumper on super steroids” as a member of the strike force would later tell Becker at the debriefing, he soared across the divide between the two buildings, eventually landing on the other rooftop with room to spare.  He rolled once then popped up and smiled back at them.  Threw in a touchdown dance, one he had used several times when he played for the Dolphins.  Wishing he had a football to spike.  And was gone.  Before they could scramble and run to the other building.  In the wind, again.

“You do know that anxiety has a way of compounding, right?  Let’s step back for a just a minute,” Becker instructed, keeping his patronizing to a minimum.
General Tanner clinched both of his fists for an instant, then shouted into the phone:  “You can’t manipulate your way out of this, Becker.  This...this thing is going to sooner or later incite some kind of--”
“Virion,” Becker blandly informed him.
“What?”
“That’s what we are calling him now,” he explained.
“You’ve named him.  It.  You mean to tell me he is nothing but just another one of your outlandish projects.  Is that it?” the General wanted to know, amazed by Becker’s continual effrontery to basic touchstones of reality.  His peculiar mindset that existed in its own domain.
“I guess so,” he replied, chuckling.  We here at Ouroboros like to--”
“I don’t want to hear anything more about your weird ass insular worldview at the Ouroboros Corporation.  I mean...God-damn.  I mean you have little to no ethos at all as far as I can tell.  None.  You guys are nothing but a cabal or something, with predatory habits and apparently out to prove everything antithetical to anything is a working formula.”  
Stunned for a moment by the General’s outburst, Dr. Becker finally said, “Looks like you’ve given this some thought.”  He laughed then added, “Hey, one journalist called us chtonic or chthonian, something along those lines.  Means underworld beings, I think.  From ancient Greek.  Kind of hurt our feelings here at Ouroboros.”
“Not funny, Becker,” the General shot back, squeezing the phone tighter in frustration.
“Don’t suffer from too much motivated reasoning, General,” Becker said calmly.  “I will let you know when it really goes awry.”
“And you don’t think it has already?  You just told me that this thing-”
“Virion.”
“Yeah, Virion,  it killed another one of your employees and all you can say...or do is give me happy talk.  That’s insane,” the General exclaimed.
“Nah,” Becker said, laughing again.  “We are ready for a vigorous response if need be,” he continued, slipping into his usual corporate speak.
He hung up and called one of his assistants into his office.  Telling him it was time to step up their plan.  The death toll had climbed to two.  And counting.  Virion was priority one.  Needed to be stopped.  The variables had changed.  The strike team would be ordered to change their ROE.  The rules of engagement had changed.  Post-mortem status.  Shoot to kill.

Isiah moved on to another site.  Another abandoned building.  Plenty to choose from.  Up and down the block.  It was, if you weren’t particular, a squatter’s heaven.  Turn of the century Cincinnati lived on through dying buildings, structures that had once been pristine, vibrant with people living their lives.  Companies also, ones that provided employment and goods the city sustained itself with.  Then, as with many American cities, it withered and eventually succumbed to changing times and fragile economics.  Leaving behind the detritus of a physical presence that had outlived its usefulness.
Have to have a plan, he told himself, as he climbed up a rusting fire escape to gain entrance to a building at the foot of one of several hills that hemmed the city in by the river.  Inside, it was relatively warm against the early Spring night time temperatures.  Like everything else in his sudden and ongoing metamorphosis, he noticed he wasn’t affected by temperatures as much as he usually might have been.  I’m liking this upgrade, he thought, grinning, remembering his car salesman days back in Florida, where he was often the top salesman for the month.  Came easy.  Customers trusted him, especially the ones who remembered him from his playing days as a Dolphin.  Went a long way.  Always getting them to sign up for the upgrades, further padding the dealerships bottom line.  
“I feel almost like one of those characters in some kind of video game,” he announced aloud, laughing.  Not virtual though.  Real life.  With consequences.  “I’m like a comic book hero or something,” he said, shaking his head.  While wondering what would come next.  More transitions.  More battles.  With the cops.  The goons from Ouroboros too.  How long can I keep this up?  What in the hell should I do now?  The questions tumbled around in his head as he prepped an area to sleep for the night.  
By morning, realizing that he didn’t need to sleep all that much to feel rested, he set out again in search of some food even though the usual ravenous urges hadn’t invaded his stomach yet as they usually did.  When he would feel the full weight of his calorie deficit scratching at his  body wanting relief.  He knew he would have to remain as elusive as possible.  Stay on the move.  
I am going to need some money, he reasoned soon enough.  Then again, I can take what ever I want.  Who is going to stop me?  No one.  
Then he passed a bank.  Just opened.  Sleepy teller behind the counter.  Young man.  Yawning.  Waiting for his morning coffee to kick in.  Professionally congenial.  Pleasant.
“Hey,” Isiah said, smiling, “I need some money.”
The teller, taken back by the simplicity of Isiah’s comment, replied, “Don’t we all.”  Quickly, he returned to his teller persona and asked, “Do you have an account with us?”
“No, actually I don’t,” Isiah replied, still smiling, as he surveyed the bank’s layout.  
“Well…” the teller offered, not knowing what else to say, confused.
Isiah glanced around again and noticed there were no bank guards.  Just one other customer.  On his right.  A middle-aged woman who was fumbling in her purse for some bank documents.  Two other employees were exchanging morning chit-chat to his left.  He sized up the counter for a moment, then leaped up on top of it and over.  Landing right next to the startled teller.
“How much you got?” he wanted to know.
“Sir, you can’t be back here,” the teller protested, stammering.
“Just give me what you got in that drawer there.  That’ll be plenty,” Isiah explained, pointing at the counter drawer.
The other two bank employees now noticed the commotion behind the counter.  One fled into a back office, while the other stood stock still, frozen in place.  A manager then appeared from another office.  She started to say something but Isiah held up his finger to his mouth and shushed her.
“I am going to cooperate,” the teller stated in a frightened voice.
“Don’t worry, nobody is gonna get hurt here,” Isiah assured him.  “Turning back to the manager, he called out, “I’ll be on my way in just a minute.  No harm.  No foul,” he joked.
“Do you have anything to put the money in?” the teller asked timidly, holding up several bunches of money.  
“Damn, kinda forgot that part,” Isiah answered, laughing.  “Got something to put it in?  Wait, is that a Starbucks bag I see over there?  That’ll do just fine.”
The teller quickly stuffed the cash in the bag and handed it over to him.  He told him thanks and bounded back over the counter.  Then waved good-bye and walked out of the bank.  Minutes later sirens wailed.  Cop cars sped down the street.  Screeching to a stop.  Isiah was long gone.
Incredulous, the police took down the eye witness accounts.  As the robbery unit dutifully contacted the FBI.  Absent categorization.  Armed robbery?  Without a weapon.  No note.  No  threats.  Very civil.  Pleasant.  Black man.  Not old.  Not young.  Six feet.  Actually jumped right over the counter.  Strolled out.  Check the security cameras if you don’t believe me.  
Later, Isiah bought breakfast at a small coffee shop then tipped the waitress a few hundred dollars.  Passing by Fountain Square, he took out a wad of bills and tossed them up in the air, watching them flutter in the wind as they scattered across the pavement.  People lunged for the free cash, pocketing as much as they could.  So this is what it’s like to be rich, he thought, grinning.  He kept walking.

“Is it up and running?” Dr. Becker wanted to know, asking Laura, his most trusted assistant, someone who had been with him from the beginning when Ouroboros was still an idea.  
“Ready to go,” she answered, nodding in the direction of the new war room that had been set up to resolve the problem.  
A battery of computers, side by side, were aligned next to one of the walls of the large room.  Some workers were just putting the finishing touches to the layout as Becker entered.  His IT supervisor was locked into a one on one conference at the far end of the room.  Speaking in hushed tones.  Gesturing to flickering monitors, where data flowed across the screens.  
Becker paused by the door and surveyed the room.  Several tech employees were doing a final check on all of the computer hardware.  Making sure the software was up to the task at hand.  Smoothing out the cross talk between the programs.  “Looks damn good guys,” Becker called out, giving them the thumbs up.  Turning to Laura, he stated in a low voice:  “This system better be as impenetrable as possible.”  She nodded in response, used to his demands.
Rubbing his hands together, relishing another challenge, he walked to his perch in the center of the room, the command post.  His phone vibrated and he looked to see it was General Tanner calling.  Again.  Twice since noon.  Annoyed, he debated on whether or not he should just ignore the call.  Get back to him later.  Let him know he couldn’t and wouldn’t be kept on a short leash.  “Don’t live in an invoice universe, General,” he muttered to himself.  Just that morning he had told him that he wasn’t tethered to any type of doctrines, that what he did was unparalleled and couldn’t be deterred by flimsy roadblocks like unimaginative bureaucrats drunk on their own paltry civic power.  All delivered with his usual measure of indignant tone.  The General wasn’t, as can be imagined, amused.  Or impressed.  
The commander of the strike team entered the room, having been summoned by Becker.  He arrived with a folder in hand and ideas on how to handle the situation.  He had formally been with the Navy, in the command structure of what, where, when, the operators applied their special skills around the globe.  Unreported.  Off the books.  In the black.  Used to coordinating ghosts coming and going.  Infiltrate.  Ex-filtrate.  Putting hasty forethought into action.  With incipient preparation.  Thriving on dueling components of conjecture so as to bring force to bear.    Without a trace.  Bringing a serrated edge to the tip of the spear, so he liked to joke, when and if he ever found the time for levity.  Fine honed vigilantism or he was supposed to have said to a journalist once in an unguarded moment.  Not without a smile.  
“Commander, how’s it going?” Becker called out, standing up to shake his hand.  “Time to dispatch some more of your bad boys?”
The Commander didn’t like Dr. Becker or civilians for that matter.  Found them too indecisive.   Continually compromised by a complicated set of morals, ones that wavered under the weight of reality.  Unsteady.  Uncertain.  He found Becker swung the opposite direction.  Untethered by a credo of any sort.  Not trustworthy.  And eager to prop up his own views with self serving perspectives.  Wouldn’t last a minute under fire, he told himself, grimacing at the thought.
Ignoring Becker’s forced comaraderie, the Commander declared:  “Got the analysis and the battle plan right here.”  He held up the folder for a moment.  “I have one KIA and want to make sure it is the last.  I’ve changed the parameters—tweaked them really.  We will have two teams now, Dr.  Becker.  Alpha and Bravo.  They have been put in the pipeline and are ready to deploy.”
Secretly, Becker liked being in the presence of the military elite corp.  Found them somehow simpatico with the way he conducted his civilian business.  Finesse with brute force.  Deadly combo, he liked to think.  Appalling perspective but vital.  Know your battle lines.  The command structure too.  This was war writ small and he intended to win it.  Quickly.  Nothing precipitously lurking.  Manage the constellation of variables before they can take a bite out of your plans.

Isiah realized his situation was highly perishable.  Even with his new found abilities he would still be facing overwhelming forces marshaling against him.  Police Department.  Various government entities.  Along with the Ouroboros Corporation and their hired militia.  All of them were going to be a formidable force aligned against him.  His one advantage, the ecosystem of vacant buildings that dotted the Cincinnati urban space, would eventually shrink.  At the moment, around the city, plans were being drawn up.  Devised.  Implemented. 
Wanted, not unlike in those Western movies, the ones where the bandit flees the posse hot on his trail.  Really conspicuous now.  Black man on the loose.  Didn’t matter.  He hadn’t seen the need to analyze any of it.  Knowing he seemed destined to fight the fight.  Even though for most of his life he had been on the winning side.  One of those others.  Thriving in an alien world.  Enjoying the fruits of success.  Even accolades.  Respect.  Knowing it was all basically imaginary.  Short lived and artificial.  
Having dispersed the cash from the bank, doling it out like some maniacal super donor out to relieve inflammation of poverty on the streets, he now had to think of a second act.  Perhaps more daring.  Impactful.  With flare.  
Opening Day.  Tradition.  Another Reds season getting underway, kicked off with the usual parade.  Blocked off streets.  Floats.  Marching bands.  Americana on full display.  With Mascots lumbering along in ill fitting costumes.  Parents allowing kids to take off school for the day.  Lining the sidewalks on the parade route.  Photographers from the newspaper taking shots.  Local newscasters giving glowing reports from the baseball fans, all hoping for a good showing in the standings.  On to the Pennant.  And the World Series.
Isiah made his way along the alleyways, dodging police barricades and red clad Red’s fans waving banners.  As a kid, he had gone to plenty of the opening day festivities.  It reached beyond just baseball lovers.  Woven into the Cincinnati fabric of society.  As luck would have it, just as he was passing by a bank with a national presence, an armored car pulled up in front.  Iconic, with strong block letters, announcing their bona fides to all the world.  Keeping money secure for a very long time.  Two jittery guards jumped out, jabbering to each other about a bet they had on a game over the weekend.  Yes, he thought, remembering countless movies he had seen throughout his life about the big bank heist.  Lots of cash.  Along with danger.  He mulled this over for a moment, liking it more and more.
The two guards began to offload bags onto a small cart.  Isiah noticed the driver was preoccupied, probably studying a text on his phone.  Just another routine, boring day chauffeuring gobs of money around the city.  Getting paid a tiny fraction of the amount in those bundles handled with care, trying not to think about the absurdity of guarding legal tender.  Isiah watched them for a moment, standing off to the side.  Just another suspicious black man on the block.  To his surprise, they didn’t even seem to notice him.  
Cash and dash, he thought, grinning.  Disable the guards.  Grab a bag or two.  Piece of cake.  He then strolled right up to where the guards were still squabbling about their wager and quickly latched onto each of their collars, whacked their heads together and tossed them into the back of the truck.  Landed with a thud.  The driver looked up from his phone, confused.  Checked his mirrors.  In time to see Isiah sprinting down the street, bags in hand.  On around the corner.  Right to the Carew Tower Observation deck.   The highest point in Cincinnati.  Up the rickety elevator to the top.  With a 360 view of the city.  Ripped off the locks on the bags of money.  Below, thousands of unsuspecting parade goers were about to be surprised.  Laughing now, depositing thousands out over the city, where they drifted on the breeze, alighting eventually all over the streets below, far and wide.  Manna from heaven.  Unexpected economic stimulus, or so said one of the evening anchors on the local news, still agog by the dramatic caper.  While bemused street reporters interviewed evasive beneficiaries of the surprise windfall, unwilling to admit whether or not they had come across any bills lying on the sidewalk or not.
Not long before two and two equaled the same description.  Bank robbery number two and in as many days.  It was officially a spree.  FBI on hand.  Task force in the near future.  Larceny on public display.  Unusual MO.  Modern day Robin Hood devotee.  Sherwood Forest comes to the Queen City.  Headlines wrote themselves.  Easily.  

Even Dr. Becker had lost some of his usual bravado.  Timing was everything in everything was what he liked to say.  Nothing was going to soothe him.  Not even his renowned response team at Ouroboros.  Sometimes his breadth of power could be deceiving.  Impotence had a way of sometimes appearing without warning.  The labs had come back on the tranquilizer dart Virion had plucked out of his chest and tossed aside.  Not promising from their perspective.  Startling report.  Scary as well as exciting.  New frontier.  Becker’s company had reached “beyond the heavens,” as one science reporter would later write after the fact.  DNA, RNA, and scads of other physiological elixirs had been scrambled, realigned, all towards assembling a novel life form.  He now knew he had to treat Worth like one of the dozens of pathogens he had conquered in the last decade or so.  Devise not only a functioning plan but a method too.  Meld science with structural organization and wring out any sustainability.  
“Give it to me straight,” General Tanner demanded to know.
Becker eyed him for a moment, then replied, “Unfortunately, we did it.”
“Did what?” the General wanted to know, exasperated already and he hadn’t been there more than a few minutes.
“Well...General, it seems we have constructed a new human being,” Becker told him, forcing a laugh.  “Like God.”
Knowing Becker was almost always short on humor, the General said, “Could you be a little bit more precise.”
“I could go into macromolecules and nucleotides, along with lipids, proteins, and nucleic acids but what would be the point,” Becker stated, grinning.  “Our little friend on the loose is as we speak evolving into what might be considered a super human.  Or as close as you are going to get to one anyway.”
“What does that mean exactly?”
“It means you got your super soldier you guys always wanted.  Hard as hell to kill.  Cunning.  Super athletic.  And man oh man is it dangerous,” he informed him, raising his eye brows.  “If the labs are in any way correct-and we have absolutely no reason to believe they aren’t-then practically every hour of the day that thing out there is transitioning.”
“Meaning?” the General asked, confused.
Becker threw up his hands and exclaimed, “Hell if I know.  I mean Virion might burn himself out by over evolving like some super nova or something or he might just keep perfecting himself over and over.  Don’t really know.”
“What?  Are you telling me you have no idea what might happen here?  Don’t tell me you don’t know.  What the hell!  You...you came up with this thing and you don’t have a clue about what might happen.  Becker, how could you--”
“Listen General, we can bicker about this all day long but it is not going to change the equation before us.  Right?  It’s time to put our heads together and solve this problem.  Don’t you think that might be more productive in the long run?” he asked pointedly, injecting a calm tone into his voice.
Seething, General Tanner told him, stammering, that he was an idiot and was going to get them all locked up.  Put away without the key.  In the stockade.  Leavenworth in his case.  Court Marshaled.  Tidy, little cell to himself until he died.  An ignoble death marked by calumny as written up by who knew how many journalists.  Family named forever linked to Becker’s.  Think Wikipedia with ream after ream of entries, all more vile than the last.  
Tantrum over, emotional outburst subsiding, the two men tried to come to grips with what needed to be done.  Becker revealed to the General he was initiating a battle plan, one that included the use of a rapid tactical force.  General Tanner didn’t flinch.  Knowing it was probably time to bring a military solution to bear.  Time was slipping away from them.  Virion needed to be “decommissioned,” as he put it.  Before the FBI got geared up.  

Isiah liked his new found status even though it wasn’t completely formulated yet.  Still under construction.  Knowing you had the ability to do so many things outside the boundaries of the law was, in its way, liberating.  Intoxicating.  He realized he had never truly known the  pleasures of autonomy in his lifetime.  Able to live without fear.  Minus societal stricture.  No invisible historical barriers loitering around.  
He saw strangers on the streets picking up stray bills, saw their elated faces.  Happy.  Glorious luck had bestowed on them a monetary surprise.  Didn’t matter what socio-economic strata they were confined to.  Giddy with momentary greed.  Eyes lit up.  Pulse racing a little bit.  Smiling.  
“I could get use to this,” he said aloud, as he watched a young woman, one of the fresh denizens of the OTR neighborhood spy a few bills clinging to a low hanging tree branch.  He happened to know her or had seen her working as a waitress at one of the many restaurants that dotted the dining scene in the area.  She had always said hello to him when he was passing by.  Just another homeless data point.  One of hundreds.  
“Hey-hey,” the girl called out to him, “look what I found.  You want it?”
Isiah stopped for a moment, returned her smile, then said, “Nah, keep it.  Don’t need it anymore.”
Puzzled, holding out the hundred dollar bills, the girl, insisted, saying:  “Get yourself something to eat.”
He shook his head no and said, “I can always get money when I need it.”  He walked away, glancing back to see the girl still standing there,  money in hand.  As he made his way towards another building, choosing to keep on the move.  He wanted to settle down for the night and think over what lay in store for him.  What should come next.

“This is it,” Dr. Becker stated proudly, sweeping his hand out in front of him.
General Tanner stood in the doorway, peering in, noticing all the computer monitors and wide screen TV’s lining the wall.  A half dozen staffers were bent over their desks staring at screens.  Scenes from Cincinnati were displayed on the TV screens.  Real time.  Street level.  From above.  Wide spread surveillance.
“Any of this legal?” the General asked, knowing the answer.  
“Gets the job done,” Becker replied, grinning.  “Drones, CCTV-borrowed of course—Humint even,” he bragged.  
“Don’t know how you do it, Becker,” General Tanner shot back, trying not to show just how impressed he was.  “Looks comprehensive,” he muttered more to himself than to Becker.
“Sooner rather than later we’ll see him and then we are going to move in,” Becker informed the General.  Teams are on standby...twenty-four, seven.  We got the whole city covered.  Across the river too.  You never know where Virion might turn up.  Even though he’s a Cincy homeboy doesn’t mean he might want to branch out.  Got to be on top of everything.  Every possibility.”
The General took it all in and quietly wondered how it had all come to this.  Standing in a weird command center tracking down a fugitive mutant.  Books will be written about this, he thought.  “When was the last sighting?”
“You are not going to believe this but Worth has robbed another bank,” Becker answered.    “Actually it was an armored truck this time.  He spread the money all over the city.  Like last time but on a larger scale.”
“Is he trying to be some sort of folk hero or something?” the General asked, puzzled.
“We are trying to zero in on what exactly is happening with any cerebral changes and it’s hard to figure out at this time.  This is different in every way possible.  So we are in the dark about a lot of it.”
“Now that doesn’t inspire confidence,” he shot back, knowing it was all extralegal.

Tomorrow he would have to devise another caper, something else to have the media talking about.  In the comic books superheros were crime fighters.  He was the anti-hero.  With a conscience.  Turning the economic order inside out.  A crusader for some good old fashioned comeuppance.  Overdue.  “Level it out,” he announced to the empty building he had taken up residence in for the night.  Having drifted to the west side of the city.  Less density.  Scene of much of Cincinnati’s manufacturing past.  Dying warehouses, redolent with mold.  He liked this part of Cincy because, all in all, it was uncharted territory.  For him.  For the police.  Home to a nascent art scene and businesses valiantly maintaining factories in name only.  The railroad was near also, he reasoned, perhaps an escape route if the need arose.  Hop a train.  South.  North.  Didn’t matter.  Had to think ahead.  Anticipate.  
His photo was plastered on the news.  Now energized by his exploits.  Viral.  Money for free.  Raw altruism, or so they had labeled it.  The internet percolated with memes.   Fitted for folk hero status.  As social media throbbed with first hand testimonials:  good guy, great receiver, sold me a car, caught that pass in the..., Go Bearcats!, knew his dad, went to my church, roommate in college, etc.  All the while the FBI worked up a profile, chasing down leads as they scoured the internet for clues.  Trying desperately to outpace public opinion.
“If you ask me the guy deserves some kind of medal,” a commentator on one of the cable shows declared, squinting into the camera to show there wasn’t even a shred of levity in his comment.  While the host of the show stifles a hearty guffaw as a nervous producer shouts into his ear piece not to let the show get away from him.  Not the economic vigilante hour, you know.   
Seen on camera.  Two blocks over.  Isiah was unaware.  Went to sleep on the top floor of an abandoned warehouse next to the rail road tracks.  Soot covered brick showing the proud history of the company thriving so many years before.  Union labor.  Made in America.  Patriotic sweat still clinging to the air inside the building.  Sign out front faded from the elements.  Big block letters with a no nonsense logo, one that bespoke importance, sturdiness.  
They moved in.  Silently.  SWAT amped, ready for battle.  Equipped for urban war.  Testosterone raging.  Safety off.  Weapon racked.  Tightly wound squads scurrying down alleyways.  Followed by whispers into radios, coordinating.  Take.  No.  Chances.  Team one move up your position and hold.  While Becker and the General fretted as they watched it unfold from the Ouroboros command room.  On a half dozen wide screens.  Like in the movies.  
“If they get him we’re fucked,” General Tanner exclaimed to no one in particular.
“Not going to happen,” Becker stated confidently, pushing a button on the console in front of him.
“What was that?” the General asked.
“Insurance,” Becker replied.  
A drone slipped into view, hovering just over the warehouse.  Loud, whining incessantly, angrily.  One of the swat team leaders radio they had a “bogie” flying overhead and for them to get it back out of their airspace.  Not ours came the reply.  Better not be those news fuckers.  As they looked up into the dark sky, searching.  Wanting to shoot it down.  
Isiah heard the drone from afar.  Knew it was heading his way.  He stood on the roof top, in the dark shadows.  Watching.  He could see the swat teams assembling.  Saw the drone hovering.  Could hear the sibilant echo of the radios in the immediate area.  This is getting old, he thought, as he made his way over to where there was a drain pipe that descended all the way to the pavement below.  He slipped over the side of the building and hand over hand slid down to the ground, landing right next to two surprised swat team members.  Two quick blows took them both down.  He lifted up their inert bodies and dropped them in a dumpster.  
Then he dashed to the rail road tracks where a freight train was passing by.  The drone had locked on him now as he raced along side the moving train and then jumped on.  “Got him,” Becker shouted out, pointing at the screen.  “Alert the strike team.  Don’t let him get off that train.”  
Isiah could see the Union Terminal coming into view.  Overhead, a police helicopter was vying for air space with a news crew helicopter from one of the local affiliates.  A search light from the police helicopter strafed the ground with a beam of light.  He clung to the ladder on the freight rail road car, watching.  
“Keep our drone out of the way of the choppers!” Becker ordered, pointing at the TV screen.  Turning to the General, he said in an excited voice:  “Doesn’t get any better than this, huh?”
General Tanner turned his gaze away from the screen for a moment, then replied, “Looks like chaos to me, Becker.”
Becker scoffed, then shouted out:  “Run him to ground.  Run him to ground, Commander.”
“I will have to stop that train, sir,” he replied, waiting for a response.
“Do it!” Becker commanded, while the General started to say something then thought better of it.
Isiah’s enhanced senses were cataloging all the stimuli.  Noise.  Light.  Scent of diesel filling the air.  Grimy metal in his hand as he clutched the ladder tightly.  He soon picked up a radio transmission from the Tactical team, heard the orders being handed down to stop the train.  Up ahead, on the tracks, he could see armed men flashing flash lights at the engineer.  Seconds later he could feel the vibration of breaks being applied, then heard the piercing screech of metal on metal as the wheels of the train began to grab the rails.  Got to get off, he thought, looking around, scanning the area.
He could see down the tracks several SUV’s approaching from the north, with men hanging off the running boards.  Not these guys again, he thought, as he jumped off before the train came to a stop.  High powered lights were being trained up and down the length of the train.  A puzzled train engineer was asking what was going on.  A couple of the strike force members jumped up onto the train, bullying their way into the locomotive cab, rifles drawn.  Methodically, they searched the train.  
“He’s off the train,” someone shouted out in the command room, pointing at the large screen monitor.  “Heading west.”
The Commander relayed the information to the strike force, who quickly withdrew from the train and flanked out in pursuit.  Towards the west.  “What’s that body of water there?” Becker called out.  “Look on the map.  There.  Goes north and south.  Mill Creek, right?  Pin him in!”  Reports crackled over the radio.  Virion had been sighted.  
“We got him now,” the General declared, walking closer to the monitor on the wall.  
All eyes were on the scene unfolding from the drones infrared camera feed.  Providing an eerie, ghostly image on the screen.  Unnatural.  Odd.  Like from a nightmare.  The burbling voice over the radio transmission was providing an incongruent soundtrack to the events on the ground.  
“Same ROE?” the Commander asked Becker, as they watched the strike force corner Virion at the water’s edge, up against the canal that flowed into the Ohio River.  
Becker stared at the screen for a moment, deciding, conflicted, trying not to permit his desire for scientific exploration to overcome his sense of self-preservation.  Easy dilemma.  Eliminate the problem.  Expunge it.  Don’t tempt fate.  Avoid the mistake.  
“Becker,” the General said, “there is only one way out of this, you know.  Don’t fuck it up now.”
He looked over at General Tanner and back at the monitor, where he could now see dozens of lights trained on Virion, his creation.  All of his scientific impulses were crying out for him to subdue him, bring him in, continue to study what new life form he had devised.  Mankind wasn’t static.  Ever evolving.  Through an array of nature’s machinations.  With man’s assistance.  
“End it,” he finally ordered, putting his head in his hands, not wanting to see the destruction.
“Light it up,” the Commander ordered.
A volley of gun shots resounded.  
“What the fuck,” the Commander uttered, staring at the screen.
“Did they all just miss him?” the General wanted to know, puzzled by what he was seeing.
“You aren’t going to believe this but he just dove into the water, sir,” one of the strike force members said over the radio.  
“Get me light on that water.  Now!” the Commander cried out angrily.
Automatic fire peppered the waterway, strafing the surface.  The drone dropped over the water for a closer look.  Trying to see into the opaque water.  Nothing.  Barely a ripple.  
“Did anybody hit him?” Becker was shouting.
“He had to have been hit, right?” the General asked no one in particular.  
“There’s no way he survived that,” Becker exclaimed.  
“We don’t see anything here, sir.  I don’t think he ever came up unless he can hold his breath like forever,” the voice on the radio announced.
“I got to get my men out of there, Dr. Becker,” the Commander finally said.  “The police are moving in and we can’t be on site.”
“Yeah, yeah, get the hell out of there,” Becker agreed reluctantly.
Turning to Becker, General Tanner said, “We’re back in the shitter again.”
“I really don’t see how he could have survived that,” Becker said unconvincingly.  “I mean what, can he now breathe under water too?”  His question hung in the air for a moment.  
“Oh Christ, I sure hope not,” the General exclaimed.

Isiah hated swimming.  Never liked it even as a kid.  Didn’t want to go to the community pool.  Numerous years in Florida and he seldom went into the ocean at the beach.  Not afraid of the water, so he told people who teased him.  Don’t see the fucking point, came his reply.  Now,  after plunging into the dark water, with bullets whistling by him, even below the surface, he found a sudden sereneness.  Although he had always been a clumsy, inefficient swimmer before, he found himself moved along by strong, powerful strokes.  He was also able to hold his breath.  Two minutes.  Four minutes.  Ten minutes.
He surfaced quietly a few hundred yards south, towards the Ohio River.  Treading water, he watched for a moment as the strike team strafed the creek with their spot lights.  “Dumb shits,” he mumbled, diving again, swimming underwater, away from the danger.  Wondering why he had never like swimming in the past, enjoying this new aspect of his abilities.
A half hour later, he swam to shore and climbed up an embankment.  It was quiet.  Cincinnati’s night lights were in the distance.  Across the river he could see the lights of Kentucky twinkling.  Remembering, he made his way to an abandoned building near the Ohio.  Knowing the cops would be preoccupied with the last place they had seen him.  No one would think to look down the creek, believing it wasn’t possible for him to escape by simply swimming away.  

“What now?” the General asked Becker.
“Got to alter our plans, that’s all,” he replied tersely.  “Commander, we will have to scope out that creek, right?  Check it out down towards the river in case a body floats up down that way.  Make sense?  I mean it has to be full of holes like Swiss cheese.  With all those bullets flying.  Who...or what could survive that holy hell?”
“I am on it, Dr. Becker,” he told him, speaking into his radio for a moment.  “By daybreak we will be on the water...with two boats and some sounding equipment.  Divers too.”
“Sounds good,” Becker exclaimed, nodding at him.  “How does that sound, General?”
General Tanner looked at him for a moment, then said, “I hope it is not too little too late.  Can’t have a corpse wash up next week and somebody find it.  Still plenty of DNA to extract from a dead body, you know.  They will trace it all right back to here.”
“You are one pessimistic bastard, you know that, General,” Becker joked.  “You got to believe.”
The General muttered something under his breath, then stated:  “Let’s hope the body is never found.”

Isiah woke up after only a few hours.  The abandoned building was quiet.  Eerie.  All his life he had been in their midst.  Never noticed.  Didn’t pay attention to the urban rot, the blight.  His Cincinnati, the city he knew, was circumscribed by decay.  Boarded up structures were like a new form of architecture to him.  Expected.  Normal.  Newness, as a concept, really didn’t exist.  Decades old buildings, worn down by time and neglect,  formed the facade of a city he saw every day.  
Now they provided him with a redoubt of sorts.  A place to hide.  To sneak into for refuge from the other side.  His opponent.  Him against them.  He had distilled it all down to a raw essence.  One man, one being, against an entity, with allies.  Police.  Government agents with a righteous attitude, propped up by statutes that spun tales of civic propriety interwoven into the cloth of functioning laws.  And a corporation that derived power and wealth from arcane science that provided the next dimension in the advance of civilization.  
Just another game to win, he thought, as he looked out the window at the Cincinnati skyline in the early morning light, with the sun creeping up over the suspension bridge in the distance.  Casting a glow across the surface of the Ohio River.  He could see a barge being pushed downstream towards Louisville, in route to the Mississippi.  Traffic was beginning to pick up on the Spence Bridge, flowing from Kentucky into Ohio, as a freight train lumbered along the rail bridge, heading southeast to West Virginia and beyond.  
He could see some homeless men exiting the shelter a few blocks away, a place he had stayed at many times before.  Respite from the streets if only for a short while.  Relative safety and comfort.  Off to the east he saw a row of colorful cement trucks lined up for another day’s delivery schedule, keeping the tri-state area supplied with the necessary ingredient to inject progress into the perpetual building spree that enveloped the towns surrounding Cincinnati.  There were always newness springing to life:  fast food restaurants, auto part stores, strip malls, schools, apartment buildings, government offices, stadiums, and roads.  
Isiah had spent part of the night thinking about what he would do next.  The next step.  Something to inject a fresh jolt to the awareness of the authorities.  Keep them alert.  Strategizing.  Pouring over reams of data.  Puzzled.  Guessing.  He tried to imagine what they might be thinking now after his two forays into lawlessness.  How would profilers apply theories to facts, match them up.  Would there be arguments?  Scoffing?  Ridicule when first hand accounts were analyzed?  Impossible feats of physical ability classified as hyperbole from untrustworthy witnesses.  Not possible.  Couldn’t have happened.  
He smiled at the thought.  Would have liked to been there in those meetings as competing law enforcement groups vied for control of the case.  He knew his face had been plastered on the local news, using a photograph taken years before in happier times.  In Florida.  On the beach.  Driver’s license picture too, smiling idiotically.  Even from his Dolphin stint, the glory years, in uniform, football in hand.  Taken at a team photo op.  Promoting another prospective winning season just ahead.  Buy your season tickets now, on sale.  Package deals.  With parking included.

“Did you see how fast he was?” Dr. Becker asked the General, who had stayed the night, refusing to return home, wanting to be where the action was.  “I mean, damn, Olympic speed, right?” he wanted to know, asking in a tone bursting with pride.  
The General clung to his morning coffee, took a slow sip, then replied sarcastically, “Yeah, maybe we can enter him in the next hundred meter dash.”
Becker looked over at him for a moment, then said, “Don’t worry about it, General, he’s probably at the bottom of the creek...or better yet judging by the current half way to Louisville by now.”
“What makes you think he’s dead?” the General demanded to know.  
“Come on, did you see how many rounds they squeezed off last night?  Nobody could withstand that.  Right?  Think about it for a minute,” Becker stated, whistling for emphasis.  “The Strike Force put a hurting on him.  There will be no apotheosis this week,” he joked.  “Nope, we will crunch the data then do it better next time.”
“Next time?” the General exclaimed.  “Are you insane?  This is over.  Finished.”
“What?” Becker shot back, surprised.  “We can reverse the bio-engineering a little bit and get it right.  Make it work the way we want it to.  I mean come on, this is mastery of the gods stuff we got going on here.”
“This ends here and now,” General Tanner stated firmly, staring at Becker.  “After we find that body we are going to clear all of this out of here then expunge everything.  Like it never happened.  Shred every last fucking data point until there is nothing left.  Got that?”
Becker laughed for a moment then saw that the General was serious and said, “This is proprietary stuff here, intellectual property, General.  I got rights here, you know.  I’m not going to turn my back on all of the progress I have made...that Ouroboros has made in this experiment.  That would be nuts.  Plain stupid.”
The General glowered at him then repeated:  “I want you to destroy all of it, right down to all of the journal entries from your staff.  Got it?  Don’t defy me on this, Becker.  You don’t want the US Government as your enemy, do you?  You will get crushed.”
Becker seldom got intimated.  Been through plenty of battles with corporate adversaries, including the military.  Had been victorious on numerous occasions, in and out of court.  He stared back at the General and exclaimed, “Science is bigger than both of us, General Tanner.  What we have in this particular instance is the proverbial ‘You can’t put the genie back in the bottle’ sort of thing.  Not going to happen.  It’s too damn big.  Gigantic.”
The General mumbled to himself for a moment, then glanced over at the Commander who was consulting with some staffers about the search being conducted on the creek.  He caught his eye for a moment and realized he wasn’t going to be an ally in this matter.  Good soldier.  Locked in on his mission.  Ethical boundaries were just a vestigial part of the whole.  
“Keep me posted, Becker,” he announced suddenly and turned on his heels and walked out of the Command room.  

Isiah returned to the streets, following his usual routes that he took as a homeless denizen of the city.  Invisible to most.  Just another person enduring their misfortune.  Aimless wandering.  Foraging.  Seeking the next injection of sustenance.  Panhandling.  With sign bearing scribbled information, concise summation of an individual’s immediate needs.  Caging cigarettes.  Passing conversation with other travelers of the streets, brief, incomplete.  Not anchored to expectation.  
Third day.  Another robbery in as many days.  Ring that bell again, he thought.  Keep it going.  Needed to move around without being detected.  In the daylight.  All of Cincinnati was looking for a black man, the bank robber.  And a murderer.  Full on search.  Cops craning their necks as they cruised in their police cars.  Alert.  Grainy photo propped up on the console.  Uploaded from a security camera.  Description variable.  “Black guy, six foot, shouldn’t be too hard to find,” a cop joked at the morning roll call.
Still, Isiah didn’t want to tempt fate.  Minimize contact.  Even though he was beginning to enjoy his new found talents and put them to use jousting with the authorities.  While a sibilant voice whispered in his ear, wisdom handed down from his parents, urging him to adopt a persona when dealing with the cops.  Polite.  Deferential.  Obsequious if need be.  Turn the situation to your advantage when possible.  Defying the instrumentation of power was fools play.  Dangerous too.  Centuries of hardened and inculcated racism ruled the day.  Get past it.  See another day.
“Not no more,” he called out to the empty building, his voice echoing as it coursed down the barren hallways.  
He remembered as a kid people talking about the tunnels that ran underneath the city.  Derelict.  A lasting vestige of the city’s past, back in the beginning of the last century.  Due to backbiting politics and historical circumstance the grand plans of building a subway system were left to die on the vine.  Too expensive.  Construction costs astronomical.  The Great Depression looming.  
The tunnels remained after the project fell through.  Cavernous pathways snaking along underground.  Added to that were brewery tunnels as well.  Calling cards from Cincinnati’s brewery hay day, back when beer flowed freely, enjoyed by most of the populace, man, woman, and child.  The elixir that fueled the urban growth, making the Queen City a large municipality 
that could rival Chicago and New York.  Brick lined to keep the beer cool, like crypts for hops and barley.  
When he was a teenager he had explored the tunnels with his friends, plunging downward into a mysterious underworld, complete with frightening shadows and odd noises.  The scary excursions were like a rite of passage in a way, delving into quasi illegal acts that came with a backstory and historical underpinnings.  Now he thought he could use them to travel underground without being detected.  Most didn’t know about the tunnels and plenty had forgotten about their existence.  He knew from experience the police didn’t much care for going down into those dark, inhospitable passageways.  Like a portal to a dark, odorous underworld.  
As the city was waking up, he hurried to a location on Race Street, one of the entrance ways that would gain you access to the abandoned subway tunnels.  The door had been pad locked long ago in an attempt to keep out the curious and the homeless.  He jerked the chain a few times, then yanked hard and the lock broke off in his hand.  He smiled, flexing his muscles and laughing.  Into the darkness he went.  
Being able to see in the dark was a major advantage.  Isiah surveyed the gloom for a moment, listening.  He heard a rat scurry along the wall and disappear into a small hole in the cement.  The sounds of the city died away as he walked along.  There, up ahead, he could see an expansive room, cavernous, like captured in time.  It was one of the stops that were planned for the subway system.  Weirdly frozen for history.  See, see what might have been.  Coursing under the city.  Transit on tracks.  The population in route.  Neighborhood to neighborhood.  What might have been.  
On the walk over he had devised a preliminary plan in his head.  Stunts were fun but not satisfying on a fundamental level.  Change directions.  It was time for pay back.    

“Let’s analyze this for a minute,” Dr. Becker announced, looking around the conference room at his team.  “We got Virion robbing a bank, then an armored truck, right?  I see an agenda here,” he stated, grinning.  “It seems he is on a mission to...to subvert the economic order.  Or something.”
John, the COO for Ouroboros, asked, “You don’t believe he was killed last night, Ernst?”
Becker ignored his question, and called out:  “Okay, people, we got to be on top of this.  No more fuck ups.  If Virion shows his face again I want to know about it.”
“We got the cameras humming all around the city, sir,” one of his staff exclaimed.  “The next time he is on the move we should pick him up.  Then we can respond accordingly.”
“Respond accordingly,” Becker repeated.  “Not good enough.  I want to get in his head.  I want to know what and when he does his next...his next adventure in finance.”
“Adventure in finance, that’s good, sir,” another staffer called out.
Becker stared at him for a moment, then said, “I don’t need to be stroked.  I need some answers.  Better yet, I need some insight.  Insight into this guy’s psyche.  Right?  We want to be waiting for him the next time he decides to go rogue or whatever you want to call it.  So far Virion hasn’t gotten homicidal...not intentionally or anything.  His actions have been mostly in self defense.  God help us if he turns.  If he woke up this morning and tells himself it’s time for some psychotic shit.  Then it just might be game over.  For all of us.”
“Dr. Becker, I take it you don’t believe he died in that canal then?” the Commander asked pointedly.
Becker thought for a moment, then replied, “I just want to be prepared, that’s all.  We don’t know what we are dealing with here.  Hopefully it died last night but you never know.  If it is one thing I am known for it is being prepared.”
The Commander nodded, then said, “We can jump off at any moment.  No problems there.  I have everyone on alert.  We can be in any part of the city in minutes if need be.  And we will bring overwhelming force to bear.”
“Let’s hope it doesn’t come to that, Commander.  Right now we are going to game this out.  Check all of the angles.  Be ready to react to all scenarios.”
“Sir,” another staffer sitting next to him said, “you told me to remind you to call General Tanner when the meeting was over.”
Becker looked over at him and mumbled, “Fuck that.  He’ll only get in our way.”

Someone had to pay for all of the corporate malfeasance.  The evilness that pervaded everyone lives.  Made lives difficult.  While deriving obscene amounts of money.  Why not? He reasoned.  Ouroboros would be the first in line for my avenging crusade.  Sounds good to me, he thought.  
He knew the Ouroboros building was like a fortress.  The founder, the one with his statue out front, had committed untold crimes against society in one way or another.  Hiding behind a smokescreen of good pharma, as he amassed a fortune that only reinforced his ability to skirt laws and ethics in his quest to own larger and larger degrees of influence.  He should be made to pay.  
Isiah spent the day doing surveillance of the building.  Climbing up a fire escape on a nearby building to scan the exterior.  Watching.  Noticing the security detail and their movements.  Taking mental notes.  Seeking out the weak points.  Where best to enter the premises.
It was common knowledge that Becker lived there, on site.  The entire top three floors were designed for his living space.  Luxurious.  Complete with a helipad for those quick lift offs.  Taking him to Lunken Airport when he needed to take the corporate jet.  Or to his estate out in the country, east, along the river.  It was the perfect perch for a man who was notoriously hands on and kept a tight leash on any sort of delegating, choosing instead to keep all lines of authority linear in an apex curve.  
Makes it easier, Isiah thought.  More centralized.  I will burn it all down.  Finish it, he promised himself.  Totally devoid of any irony.  The spawn of the notorious Ouroboros being taken down, eliminated.  Science, technology, combining to strike back.  Poetic.  

“How we doing?” Becker called out to a staffer at the far end of the conference room table, who fumbled with some data at his finger tips for a moment.  “Well?”
“Sir, it’s not intuitive to the extreme,” he answered finally, after clearing his throat several times.  Although they joked about their boss, the titan of the bio-industry, (What is more rare than a unicorn?  Self-abasement and Dr. Becker in the same sentence.) all of them relished being shepherded by him into the future.  Cult like obedience was prevalent, believing the esoteric rituals of their orbit would translate into an almost theatrical advance for mankind.
Dr. Becker stared at him for a minute, smiled, then said, “What we need is some kind of biologic, and now.  You hear me?  Virion is not dead.  I can feel it in my bones.  Believe it.”  Murmurings from the staffers around the table rose up then died away as he raised his hand.  “I have spoken with the Commander of the Strike Team and we agreed that we have to get close enough to hit him with a neural implant dart.”  A few of the staffers laughed out right and he stared them down, showing them he wasn’t in any way joking.  “It’s going to be a DBS type of projectile.  One that has been kept under wraps and was developed here.  Deep brain stimulator, that is what we are talking about.  If we can hit the amygdala area we can maybe bring on a radical change to the brain...a personality alteration type of thing.”
There was a crushing silence around the conference table, as they all exchanged glances, waiting for someone else to ask a question.  Probe this development.  Get more information.  
“This is...I mean what we are going for is more of a revolution versus evolution in a biological sense,” one staffer finally offered meekly.  
Becker nodded, then explained, “No time for an ethicist, people.  He looked from face to face for a moment.  “We got to get down to it.  Innovation right about now would be welcome.  So, come on.  Get on board.”
They were used to his pep talks.  His verbal mobilizing, as it was called behind his back.  They were not neophytes.  Accustomed to internal corporate practices, ones that persistently avoided examination in order to accomplish the goal.  Means to an end.  
“Potential here people!” Becker shouted out suddenly, startling the woman sitting immediately to his right.  “Yeah, that’s right, potential, potential is beyond anything we can ever imagine.  Think about that, okay.  And remember, Virion is transitioning every day and we have to stay ahead of the curve on this.  Don’t let me down.”
The phone buzzed on the table in front of him.  He knew who it was.  Just another obstacle.  “Yes, General Tanner, so good to hear from you again,” he purred into the phone, not even trying anymore to mask his sarcastic tone.
“I got no report today, Becker,” the General barked into the phone.  “What gives?”
“Nothing much to report, that’s about all,” Becker replied, rolling his eyes at one of his staffers.
“Well how about giving me the known unknowns then,” General Tanner demanded.
“Do you want to know about the microscopic bundle of the RNA and the spiky proteins too?” he asked, squelching a laugh.  “Or how about the replicating profile?”
“Don’t be a smart ass, Becker,” the General shot back, his voice screeching over the phone.
“Never, General,” Becker responded, grinning.
“Listen, apparently this...this thing has robbed twice and is giving out the money he stole,” General Tanner said in his usual impatient tone.  “At all cost, we can’t let “it” become some sort of folk hero.  Can we?  And you can’t assure me this thing is dead.  Am I right?  It might have survived somehow.  Is that even a remote possibility?”
Becker thought for a moment, believing that possibility to be remote, then replied, “Guess not, General.  On both counts.  He might be at the bottom of that creek and if so his folk hero status has a certain shelf life.”
“Of course,” the General growled, letting his frustration mount.  “If the FBI gets--”
“Not time to be anachronistic, General,” he interrupted.  “The tragic flaw throughout history has always been when a person is stymied by re-evaluation.  You know, that translates to doubt.  So we have--”
“Fidelity to any kind of moral code, to you, is foreign, Becker.  I get that.  I do.” the General stated heatedly, exasperated.  
“There are limits on everything,” he muttered cryptically.
“Nothing is accidental, ultimately, right?” the General wanted to know.
“I like to say absolutely nothing is sacrosanct,” he answered, chuckling.  “Subterfuge is a virtue, you know...in some situations.  If I might borrow from the Commander of the Strike Team for a moment, we are locked and loaded.  Ready for battle.”
The General snorted over the phone, and mumbled:  “I hate it when civilians try to sound like the military.”

Isiah watched daylight recede from his vantage point.  He knew where the study trial floors were, taking up the third and fourth floor of the building.  He also realized in the corporate world, the landscape was rife with pitfalls that needed to be combated in one way or another.  At the ground level.  Through computer chicanery.  With public relations.  A multi-pronged approach that needed to be refreshed continually.  Against: brain drain, with employees lured away, intellectual property pilfered, hostile takeovers, green mail.  The list could be long.  Fending off threats competently and without any regrets was designed to be built into the schema that protected the business plan.  It was like going up against a nation state.  Problems were dealt with.  Including unexpected intrusions.
“I am going to kill the King,” Isiah said aloud, watching as the street lights below came on.  Halos of illumination that gave the city streets an eerie glow.  Below, the city was emptying out, purging its workers.  Rush hour traffic coursed across the bridges that spanned the Ohio River.  Lights in the buildings went dark.  Night shift underway.  Office cleaners sluggishly began their stint.  Graveyard employees steeled themselves for the coming somnolent hours ahead.  While security guards checked on their supply of caffeine injections.  
The Ouroboros building silently shifted into another level of preparedness.  Automatic security systems were locked into place, with a squad of guards taking their assigned places for the night.  Cameras scanned the access points, sending real time information back to the command room on the first floor.  Isiah knew much of their routine after having stayed there for weeks.  Knew their habits even.  Their human fallibility.  Weak points.  
He was confident that his new found abilities were going to give him an edge in almost any situation.  Agile enough for just about any predicament.  Could bring brute force too.  Epic track towards revenge.  Physicality was his advantage.  
After one in the morning he made his back down to ground level.  Back to the street.  At first, he had just wanted to storm the front of the building, right into the lobby.  Take the security guard on duty by surprise then work his way up.  Then he realized he would have to make his way up to the top floor and undoubtedly the alarms would have been triggered by then.  Knowing Becker, he reasoned that he would have more than one exit plan and one of them undoubtedly included some kind of panic room.  Impregnable.  Able to withstand an explosion, if need be.  He would be thwarted and then have to fight his way back out of the building.  
It would have to be from the top down.  Gaining access quickly, right into the penthouse.  Catch Becker unaware.  In bed.  Sleeping.  Go from there.  

Becker had made his usual calls for the day, his last check ins before going to sleep.  Always keeping tabs.  Gather up the most recent reports.  Especially now.  With everyone on an emergency footing.  Standing orders to wake him if anything came in about Virion’s whereabouts.  
Retreating to his penthouse, leaving the command room for the first time in over twelve hours, he wanted to unwind.  Just a little bit.  Block out all the hostile stimuli.  The bad publicity.    The authorities leaning on him, on the Ouroboros Corporation.  He wasn’t used to being pressured.  Not in a long time.  After having built up an almost iron reputation, one that wasn’t easily fractured, one with the requisite amount of respect for and or fear of, he enjoyed a certain level of admiration from all quarters of the industrial sphere as well as the general public.  An enviable attribute that afforded him leeway to do many different things.  Along with his near preternatural predilection for what was advantageous for him, he was well armed to fend off attacks of any kind.  

Surveying the Ouroboro’s building, using his enhanced vision, Isiah noticed a chink in the armor.  Something that might gain him access without being detected.  Once inside, he was confident he could wreak havoc with a good measure of immunity.  They will have to take me down and good luck with that, he reasoned, smiling.  I’m ready to lay it down, he thought.  No problem.  Put my skills to work.  See what happens.
So he waited.  Watching.  Listening to the radio chatter emitting from the security detail doing their nightly rounds.  Languid conversations that betrayed their boredom and sleepiness.  Another day on the job protecting a corporate redoubt.  Hour after hour of nothing happening.  While the city slept.  Traffic dried up.  Crushing quiet descended.  
Isiah knew they patrolled the grounds on the half hour.  Very predictable.  Skirting the building, casual. Checking here and there.  Two man teams.  Partners.  Trading banter easily:  Bengals, Reds, pay raises, with promotions, 401K health, wives’ shortcomings, and Virion.  “Think the dude is still out there?”  “I’ll fuck him up if I see him.”  “Don’t want to see him.”  “I hear that.”  His eavesdropping made him chuckle.  They didn’t know what they were in for.  He was going to rain down some hell.   

Becker ordered the concierge computer to play one of his favorite LP’s, an aging rock and roll mix that blended folk rock with some hard rock songs.  Poured a beer for himself, as he kept one eye on the big screen TV playing the local news, while he tore open a bag of chips to snack on.  Twice he had checked the alarm system for the penthouse, making sure it was engaged, correctly aligned.  Making sure the sensitivity setting was accurate.
His exhaustion was beginning to catch up with him.  Not sleeping in several nights was nibbling at his awareness level.  Although he was renowned for going for days without adequate sleep allotment, he didn’t want it to affect his decision making.  Not now.  Something, a feeling, was gnawing at him.  Intuition.  Like he could sense it.
Almost as an after thought, he checked on his panic room, the sanctuary of safety in case of any emergencies.   He had invested thousands of dollars into the space, installing all of the latest gadgetry.  Including weapons.  An armory.  Communication devices as well.  To keep in contact with the outside world.  Fire proof.  Hardened.  Thick, steel points of entry.  Stocked.  Food.  Water.  Even wine and beer, of course.  Separate power source.  Impenetrable, so said the builder with certainty.  Lock it down and feel invulnerable.  To anything.
Becker scanned his hand print and the heavy door swung open, revealing the inside.  Four rooms of opulent protection.  He pressed a few buttons on the inside wall and the TV screens mounted on the walls turned on.    Immediately, he could see the exterior of the building and all of the floors of the building, while on one screen CNN was being beamed into the small living room.  He watched what was being broadcast for a moment, glad that no breaking news about his company had leached into the news stream yet.  Matter of time, he thought, trying not to think about any of that for the moment.  Dreading.  Knowing it might be a death knell for the Ouroboro’s brand.  Something that he never wanted to contemplate, the demise of his life work.  He backed out of the room, watching the door slide back into place.  Hearing the large pistons lock into the door sill.  
The beer went down easily.  Cold.  His favorite.  From a microbrewery he still owned, left over from his father’s brewing empire from long ago.  A vanity project he kept going for  sentimental reasons.  The business barely broke even but he kept it afloat, knowing his father would approve.  
Nothing on the news, he thought.  Taking the time then to check in with the command room, asking the staffer on duty to give him the latest report, the up to date data on the city cameras.  No sightings.  “Pretty quiet, sir,” the staffer told him.  Becker muttered to himself, then reminded him of the standing order to wake him if anything came up.  Immediately.  
Need a relaxing shower, he thought, ordering the concierge computer to turn on the shower and set the temperature.  He fielded a phone call from the woman he had been recently seeing.  Disappointed.  Not happy being placed in a holding pattern.  With the excuses.  He told her, again, that there was a vital, important project that needed to be completed.  Time sensitive.  Demanded all of his attention.  Be over soon.  Promise.  Will call you.  In a couple of days. 
 Good night.

Isiah hid in an alley way across from the garage entrance in the back of the building.  Although he was working without any concrete plan, he felt comfortable extemporizing.  Gave him a sense of freedom, something he had lost familiarity with over the last few years.  Confined in his small universe on the streets.  Defined by need.  Strapped in.  Restrained.  Left to exist in  a shrinking world of potentiality.  Bordered by deprivation that stole his dignity minute by minute until which time it became superfluous.  Even counter productive.  Detrimental on any given day.  
Now, he recognized no boundaries.  No definition of what permissible represented.    He had become his own master.  Able to dictate.  Alter.  Redirect.  Create a path.  If need be.
The guards moved on, with their chatter lingering in the air for a moment before they turned the corner.  He scanned the building to pinpoint where the cameras were mounted on the building, checking to see where there might be any blind spots.  His eyes had evolved to the level of what an eagle might see.  And nocturnal, like an owl.  There.  Between the end of the parking garage and the beginning of the main Ouroboros building.  
He dashed across the street and leaped, landing on the second floor of the garage, where he hugged the low wall until he had reached the elevator.  Waiting.  Watching.  Listening.  He heard voices on the elevator coming down from the fifth floor.  Employees finishing their shifts.  Weary.  Ten hour day.  “Can’t wait to get home.”  “Tired as shit.”  “Two days off, finally.”  “Lucky you.”  
The door opened and a man and a woman walked out, heading for their cars.  “Get some sleep.”  “Have a good weekend.”  Their footfalls echoed in the garage.  Then car tires squealed on the pavement as they descended and were gone.  Quiet.  For a moment.  Isiah could hear the same two guards entering the garage, completing their route around the property.  Checking in with the security office.  Nothing to report.  The radio squawked and one of them told the other to turn it down because they were getting too much feedback.  He clung to the shadows, ready to attack them if need be.  Oblivious, they walked on by and up the ramp to the next floor of the parking garage.  
He slipped over to the elevator doors, pushed the call button, and the doors popped open.  Stepping in, he pushed for the highest floor and quickly stepped back out.  He waited for the elevator to start its ascent and rapidly yanked them open and climbed into the elevator shaft.  Every structure had its vulnerability points, he thought, laughing silently.  With ease, he climbed up the superstructure of the shaft, hand over hand, until he got to the top floor.
Isiah realized the public elevators wouldn’t get him to the penthouse level of the building, that being reserved for Becker’s private elevator.  With special access.  He would have to improvise as soon as he got to the floor directly under the top few floors.  Gain access.  Power his way in if need be.  

Becker sat on the end of his bed and stared at the TV screen.  Watching but not seeing.  Images dancing.  Colors merging.  Audio resounding.  Lost in thought.  Planning.  Always.  Living in a world of verifiable relevance, his mind emphasized stewardship of what was advantageous.  To him.  For Ouroboros.  Seeking out the next solution.  Pursuit of leverage.  Dominance.  It was all injected into his environment.  From business to even leisure.  Life was a revolving campaign against multi-pronged positions that could inflict harm.  Downtime.  Off stage.  Removed from the battlefield.  It came with the hasty snatching of sleep.  Locked away. In bed.  Hopefully absent dreams that might always devolve into nightmares.
He checked some of his messages, playing no less than three from the General, just a litany of complaints.  Whining.  Again.  How did he ever get to be a General?  He wondered.  Refusing to believe a military man would be so...so easily “worked,” scared.  What happened to being undaunted?   He decided not to return the calls, sending a text that was a brief masterpiece of dissembling.  Laughing as he texted.
A tiny morsel of hope was entering his mind now.  Maybe, just maybe his strike team had taken Virion out on that creek bed.  Sent him to a watery death.  Might find his body a few months down the road though.  Could be problematic if they do an autopsy.  Might find some interesting lab results.  Then again, would they even know what they are looking for?  Probably not.  Write it up as some drug related homicide.  Body dumped.  Too bad.  Another data point for the crime report.  Statistics.  Death comes in all sizes.  We can manage that.  Turn it inside out if need be.  Shouldn’t be much of a problem for us.
It would be another sleepless night.  With thoughts cascading in his mind, pooling, overflowing.  Problems meet solutions.  Hopefully, he wouldn’t be plagued by any disturbing dreams when and if he finally found solace in sleep.  However briefly.  

Isiah reached the highest floor after clinging to the wall as the elevator descended past him.  He could hear more employees talking, glad to be going home for the day.  Business as usual.  More trials to run.  More research.  More money to be made.  He dug his fingers in between the two doors and slid then open, pausing to peek in the hallway for a moment.  No one.   
He had picked this floor because he remembered taking this elevator whenever the company took him to have any of the tests they were running during the study.  Down a floor.  Into the belly of a maze of small rooms furnished with medical machines of every description.  He had noticed one day an outside contractor working, doing some electrical job and while moving his ladder he had knocked the surveillance camera a few inches off track.  Just enough, he hoped, that the angle of view would allow him to make it to the nearest door without being detected.  It was a gamble he was prepared to take.  If he was spotted he would have to go to plan B and use brute force and hope for the best outcome.  
With agility he didn’t even possess as a professional football receiver, Isiah pulled himself up out of the elevator shaft, landed on his feet, and was at the door in a split second.  The door was locked but he ripped the door knob off and the door swung open.  Another thing he remembered was seeing one of the lab workers always using a side door to exit after their daily tests were completed, a disappearing act that led him to believe the building had been built with a specific blueprint, one that must have an interior core or honey comb hallway system designed to accommodate movement inside without being seen.  For efficiency purposes as well as secrecy.  It seemed like exactly something Becker would contemplate including in his building plans.  
If he was correct, it might permit him to get closer to his destination without tripping any alarms.  That he was using the founder of Ouroboros paranoia against him made it all the more satisfying.  Everyone has a weakness, he thought, grinning while he, as expected, stepped into a small passageway, dimly lighted.  He paused for a moment, listening.  He could hear foot steps.  I am going to have to take who ever it is out, he told himself.  Some hapless lab worker.  Innocent for the most part.  Another Ouroboros drone low on the totem pole.  Not what he wanted to do.
The footsteps stopped just around the corner and he heard a door slide open, then close.  He exhaled, happy to not have an unwanted confrontation.  He got oriented for a moment, making sure of his bearings deep inside the large building, then headed for what he hoped was an alternative access point to the Penthouse complex.  He knew due to Fire department regulations, as well as Becker’s sense of preservation, there would be several exit points in case of an emergency.  This could work to his advantage.  Knowing Becker, redundancy would be paramount.  Not one.  Not two. But three possible escape routes.

Becker lay in bed and tried not to grab his tablet that was lying on the bed next to him.  On the other side his phone was in easy reach.  On the wall, over the fire place, the flat screen TV flickered in the dark.  Some movie was streaming that he had given up on four or five minutes in but hadn’t bothered to turn off.  He knew he needed some kind of diversion but was unable to turn it off, turn off the conundrum that was blocking him and his company.  Peril might lay ahead.  Public condemnation.  Legal landmines.  Potential hidden dangers that might prove to be devastating.  To him personally as well as Ouroboros.  Something even its almost mythical sway with the media couldn’t withstand.  
“Wake me up at five am,” he barked, receiving a confirmation in a soothing robotic voice.

Isiah made his way closer.  Slow.  Deliberate.  Stopping often.  Listening, picking up radio conversations from the security detail a few floors away.  Finally arriving at a short hallway with a guard posted by the door.  He paused around a corner and zeroed in on the man’s heartbeat.  Short breaths.  Sluggish pulse.  Must be battling sleepiness, he thought, grinning, as he heard the guard shift his weight from one foot to the other.  Got to be one boring job guarding this asshole, he thought, suppressing a laugh.
Then he heard the guard stamp his feet several times and mutter to himself as he took a few strides up and down the hallway.  Fumbling with his gear for a moment.  Fielding a radio check, saying:  “Usual...same old, same old.  No activity.”  Garbled words echoed off the walls.  “Could use some coffee,” the guard said, pleading.  Grumpily signing off.
Easy pickings, Isiah told himself, as he waited for the guard to turn his back as he traced a pacing route up and down the hallway to try and stay awake.  In an instant, he was on him and clutching at his neck, bringing quickly to his knees.  No problem.  Barely any resistance.  He choked him out, leaving his body in a heap in the middle of the hallway.  “Bad move not putting any cameras in here,” he muttered, grinning.  
He grabbed the guard’s radio so he could monitor the chatter coming out of the security control room downstairs.  The door was surprisingly unlocked.  Another oversight, he thought, slipping inside.  Finding yet another hallway.  At the end a more substantial looking door.  The final barrier until you reached the inner sanctum.  Remembering how some of the trial subjects had talked about what the owner of Ouroboros penthouse must look like.  Opulent, of course.  High class, maybe.  “Dripping with money,” one of them had marveled, eyes wide.   TV’s in every room.  Big ass couch in front of hundred inch screen.  Jacuzzi in bathroom.  Indoor swimming pool.  Gold plated everything.  He had laughed at their assessment of the rich and what constituted value to them.  From the streets, perpetually looking up, it all existed in the realm of the fantastical.  
Surely the door would be wired.  Locked down.  Layered security measures linked to the security apparatus.  His eyes focused in on the glowing electronic lock just to the right of the door.  He could see the finger pad and knew it was geared to finger print allowance only.  Becker’s grimy thumb print most likely.  Not unexpected.  Not from him.  
Isiah also guessed the door had been suitably reinforced too.  Without a doubt.  He also knew that the building had to have air ducts installed, especially since it had been a renovation project when they converted the turn of the century superstructure into a modern facility.  Seen it done, he thought, having stayed in plenty of rehabbed structures around Cincinnati to know how the work progressed from aging last century masterpieces battered by time and disuse to twentieth century state of the art show cases.   Also, the aesthetic leaned towards the usual semi-loft/warehouse idea, where exposed pipes and sturdy girders or beams had to be on display.  It was a tired décor that hung on in most of the renovated buildings around many cities.  
Often overlooked too, Isiah thought.  By security companies.  The ones boasting about their particular panoply of safeguards, complete with bogus statistics and slick brochures featuring hired models as clients smiling with confidence that they would never (ever) be compromised by unexpected intruders.  Living in a space without crime.  Locked in.  Locked down.  Utopia, writ small.  With a perimeter.  That you control with a touch of a button.  He had seen some of the literature lying around inside a few of the buildings he squatted in over the last few years.  More sales deceit.  Preying on insecurity.  
He backtracked down the hallway, passing by the guard again, reaching over to check if he was breathing.  Nothing.  Damn, choked him too hard, I guess.  Moving on, he found a small room that housed some cleaning supplies.  He found a step ladder folded up and leaning against the wall.  He set it up and stood on it to lift up the ceiling tiles.  There.  As usual.  Large pipes snaked through the open space.  Pulled himself up.  An AC duct unspooled in all directions.  Gripping tight, he dislodged a section and peered inside.  “Oh yeah,” he muttered, climbing in, “this is going to take me to the promise land.”  

Becker sat up in bed, rubbing his eyes.  Heard something, he thought.  Groggy.  “Bedside light on, please,” he ordered and the light came on, illuminating a small sliver of his bedroom.  By habit, he checked his phone.  Nothing.  His lap top was still open and the hard drive had gone to sleep.  Looking around the room, he listened for a moment.  “Are the doors locked?” he called out and received an affirmative answer.  He reached over and checked the camera feed around the penthouse with his phone.  No movement.  Very quiet.  Nothing.  Then he called down to the security room and checked in with the late shift detail.  All clear.  
He got out of bed and walked over to the window.  The lights of Kentucky in the distance twinkled in the dark.  Traffic on the streets below was sparse.  He always liked the city late at night.  Felt like some somnolent organism resting, reviving itself for another day’s activities come morning.  His girl friend had texted him three times but he didn’t bother to read them.  They were on the back side of their relationship, one with a built in horizon, expiration date.  Since the dissolution of his marriage he hadn’t taken the time to establish anything that might be considered long term.  At all.  Keeping it fluid, he liked to tell himself.  
Then he walked out on the balcony to feel some fresh air for a moment.  The cold air felt good against his face as he stood looking down at the street below.  Sometimes he didn’t believe it was all his, his own principality in the city.  Becker could see the company neon sign reflected in the windows of a building across the street.  He used to wonder what his grand father would think about him at times but not much anymore.  When he had eclipsed the success of both his father and grand father’s success he seldom looked back.  Introspection was for suckers, he often told his coterie of loyal friends that all served the upper echelon of Ouroboros.  Wasn’t productive.
Back inside, he called out:  “Boil water for tea.”  He went into the kitchen and plucked a cup off a hook attached to a cabinet next to the refrigerator.  Deciding.  What expensive, organic tea to have.  Black?  Green?  Infused with:  jasmine, eucalyptus, Moroccan mint, guava, sencha, maybe genmaiche?  I don’t need a case of decision lock now, he thought, laughing.  Plucking out a packet of ordinary chamomile.  Need to down shift a little, he told himself.  Grab a few hours of sleep and get back to it.  
In his bedroom, Becker sipped at his tea as he perused some of the overnight updates on the news feed.  So far, Ouroboros had escaped the next news cycle.  Barely a ripple in the current of information flowing out there.  Good, he thought.  Keep it that way.  By habit, he scanned the security footage on his tablet, checking, making sure there had been no intrusions.   Not satisfied, he made a quick call to the control room, asking:  “Any news on Virion?”  Nothing.  All clear.

Too late.  Isiah was on the premises.  Inside the vaunted security ring.  Close.  He could hear Becker’s heart beat.  Smell the ripe, herbal scent of his organic body wash.  
He had crawled right into Becker’s lair, dropping down in the laundry room.  Motionless, he waited for Becker to go back to sleep, not wanting to be seen on any of the interior cameras that Becker compulsively monitored.  He clinched and unclinched his hands.  Keeping his eagerness in check.

Yawning, Becker finished off his tea and got back in bed, telling the computer concierge to turn off the lights.  A moment later he ordered:  “Lower the thermostat, please.”  I got to get some sleep, he told himself, rolling over on his side.

Isiah soon could hear faint snoring.  Listening, he could tell Becker’s heart rate had slowed.  Nothing on the radio.  Sloppy, he thought, wondering why they hadn’t realized one of the security detail was out of commission.  So far, so good.  Quietly, he made his way to the other side of the penthouse, happy that Becker didn’t have a dog to contend with.  Right into the bedroom.  Stealthily.  Pausing at the end of the bed.  Seeing Becker.  The victim.
He scanned the room for a moment.  Deciding.  Wanting to select the suitable way to kill him.  Quickly, with a blow to the head.  Slowly, squeezing the life out of him as he watched him die.  Extract my pound of flesh, he thought, grinning, as he looked down at the sleeping form in the bed, surrounded by his assortment of electronics that kept him tied to the corporation, to his empire.  
“Hey, wake up, dickhead!” he suddenly shouted out, kicking the bed frame.
Becker awoke with a start, trying to peer into the darkness of the room, wondering if had been dreaming.  
Isiah watched him for a moment, enjoying Becker’s confusion as he used his enhanced vision to stare back at him in the dark.  Then he said, sneering menacingly:  “Surprise, mutterfucker.  Time to get out of bed.”
Becker realized immediately that he was in immediate danger.  “What do you want?” he asked, blinking, waiting for his eyes to get accustomed to the dark.  “How did you get in here?”
“Shut the fuck up!” Isiah ordered, springing up onto the bed and grabbing Becker by the neck, in one hand, then tossing him across the room.  Laughing, as he slid on the floor, landing up against the far wall.  
Dazed, Becker called out:  “Take whatever you want.  I got money in the safe.”
“It’s always about the money with you guys,” Isiah declared, laughing.  “Every fucking thing revolves around making money, right?  I ain’t here about your money, man.  Not today.  Time’s up for you, Becker.  I’ve come for some avenging satisfaction.  For me.  For everybody out there that has had to live with shitheads like you for too long.”
Becker could now just barely make out a form standing on the bed.  He wondered what happened to the lights and realized who ever had broke in must have disabled the computer to his smart house.  “Just take whatever it is you want...and go.  I’m not going to do anything.  Just go.”
“Yes sir, Mr. Becker,” Isiah said in a mocking tone of voice.  “I best be on my way then.  Don’t you know who I am, dumbass?  I’m Virion.  Nice to meetcha.  You must be my creator, Dr. Becker.  Right?”
A chill ran up Becker’s spine.  He struggled to get to his feet but heard a noise and instantly received a blow to the side of his head, sending him back down to the floor again.  He felt a trickle of blood run down his face and wiped it away with the back of his hand.  He slowly stood up and said, “You’ve got to listen to me for a minute, Isiah.”
“Oh, now it’s Isiah, huh,” he sang out, landing another blow to the stomach, doubling Becker over.  “Wanta be friends now?  After you tried to kill me.  I don’t think so.”
“Okay, it was a mistake,” Becker pleaded, angling towards the hidden door on the other side of his bed.  “That doesn’t mean we can’t talk this out.  I think--”
“Done with that,” Isiah announced, punching him in the face, sending him reeling backwards onto the bed.  “What, don’t you like my new set of skills, Becker?  Thought I’d put them to good use and rid the world of assholes like you.”
Becker was blinded by tears, gingerly touching his broken nose with his hand, as he gauged how far it was to make it to the button that opened the door to his panic room.  One stride and I can make it, he thought, knowing it was his only option.  “Okay, my experiment was wrong,” he stated, trying to sound calm, reaching deep down to use his experience influencing people to his advantage for a fleeting moment.  An interval of time enough to allow him to get to safety.  Once behind the door he could contact security to come save his life.
“Wrong...you think so,” Isiah joked, laughing.  “Nah, I happen to like the new me.  Hey, just think what I can do on the football field now.  Unstoppable.  Right, Doctor Becker.  Play for the Bengals.  Go to the Super Bowl.  You can sit in your box seat and cheer me on.  How ‘bout that?”
Becker forced a laugh, then said, “Sure.  Super Bowl champions.  In Cincinnati.  Sounds good!”
“One problem with that plan, Becker,” Isiah declared.  “You going to be dead.”
Becker reached over and grabbed his laptop then hurled it at Isiah.  He swatted it away but not before Becker had reached the door to the panic room.  He punched the hidden button and the door slid open.  He dove inside and the electronic sensor closed the door behind him.  
Isiah was too slow to react.  Enraged, he pounded on the door, leaving large indentations in the metal.  A moment later Becker’s voice came on a speaker embedded in the ceiling, telling him the strike force was on the way.  Furious, Isiah looked around the room, looking for something, anything to batter down the door with.  He dismantled the large bed with a few well placed blows, then broke off a section of the metal center beam, using it to pound the door to the hidden room.
“Hey, dumbass, it’s all reinforced steel,” Becker’s voice chided, laughing.  “You got about twenty seconds before the cavalry arrives.  This time they won’t miss.  Trust me.”
Becker’s gloating angered him more but he stood back and reassessed the situation.  He could hear the elevator coming up the shaft and pounding footsteps up the stairwells.  “This ain’t over, Becker.  Me and you are going to do this again.  Real soon.  I’m going to kill you and your legacy, man.”
“Yeah-yeah, say hello to the next bullet coming your way,” Becker taunted.
Out the door.  Retracing his steps, until he made it to one of the lower floors.  He knew all of the security cameras were trained on him.  It was now going to be all out warfare.  Close combat.  Hand to hand.  New twist on urban warfare.
The elevators doors burst open and four well armed security personnel spilled out.  Isiah was quick to launch into an attack.  No hesitation.  Several shots were fired, with the bullets embedding in the walls harmlessly.  As he worked his way through them systematically.  Easily.  Well placed punches landing, as he turned two of the weapons back on them.  With one of them grunting as the bullet pierced his abdomen.  And it was over.  Almost as soon as it started.  Isiah stopped momentarily to stare at the camera attached above the elevator door.  Then he dashed down the hallway, back into the interior stairwell.
Over the radio he had taken off the security guard he could hear the orders being shouted out, as the tactical room was now in the fight as well.  The commander was overriding the security control room, telling them that his men would take care of Virion.  While back in the panic room, Becker was trying to find out what the situation was.  The status.  Where Isiah was in the building.  Screaming into the intercom:  “Kill that bastard now!”
Isiah was making his way down, down through the coming gauntlet.  Relishing the fight.  Alleviating years of pent up frustration.  Anger too.  He heard one of the security detail shout:  “Flood the zone!”  His mind was recalibrating, as the forces against him were consolidating their advantage.  Don’t need to be strategic, he told himself.  Confident.  Eager.  Wanting to put all of the power emanating from his evolving physiology to use.  “Dr Becker’s pet project is gonna do some pillaging,” he crooned into the radio, laughing.
“He’s got one of our radios,” a voice declared in a garbled tone.  
“Who wants to be next?” Isiah sang out.  “Come on now, don’t be bashful.”
“Change frequency,” someone yelled into their radio.  “The damn thing is listening in.”
A door opened at the end of the hallway and a woman stuck her head out.  Their eyes locked for a moment, then she started to scream.  He was on her before she could react.  He held her by the arm with one hand and kept the door from closing with the other.  “Remember me?” he asked her and she nodded yes.  “Don’t worry.  I’m not going to hurt you, girl.  You was always nice to me.  I got no problem with you.  Can I get to the other elevators from here?”  She nodded again and pointed out the direction.  “Sorry ‘bout all the excitement,” he told her, heading for the next leg in his escape route.
At the elevators, he listened.  Several floors down he could hear several members of the tactical team talking as they ascended.  A minute later the elevator doors opened and he was on them before they realized he was there.  One of the three got off a few rounds from his assault rifle, piercing the ceiling inside the elevator as Isiah wrested the weapon from his hands and breaking it in two.  The other two stood dumbfounded, fumbling with their firearms.  He eliminated all of them with a few well placed blows.  Cracking bones resounded in the elevator shaft.  Then he took one of the rifles and used it to bash out the overhead camera.  
“Three more in the loss column,” he cooed, looking up at the camera before smashing it.
“Commander!” Becker shouted into the intercom, “what’s the status.  I need somebody to tell me what the fuck is going on out there.”
“Dr. Becker, stay put, situation is under control,” came the reply.
Sure it is, he thought, before saying:  “It better be.”
Isiah took the elevator down a few floors and got off.  This was the part of the building where all of the trials were held.  He knew the layout well.  Spent hours walking the halls.  Passing the time.  Bored.  Held prisoner.  More or less.  Hours.  Days.  Nights.  Weeks.  Logging time spent.  Expecting the pay day to come.  Now he was going to use it to his advantage.
He knew of a way to get down to the cafeteria and from there another route out of the building.  One used by many of the employees.  Quick access to the garage area.  Parking spaces designated for the medical staff.  On call.  Coming and going.  Side stepping the security check point if need be.  
“I got eyes on him,” his acute hearing picked up, the whisper coming from down the hall.  It was the low level security guard.  Nick.  No, Mike.  Easy going.  Ambivalent about his choice to become Ouroboro’s security guard.  One step up from a rental cop.  More a presence than anything else.  Only weapon was his radio.  No firearm.  No taser.  
Isiah could see him peering out from behind the desk he was crouched behind.   Laughing, he called out:  “I see you, man.  Come on out.  I don’t wanta mess you up.”
“I’ve been made,” he mumbled into his radio.
“Damn, dude, I can hear you too,” Isiah exclaimed, laughing again.  
Standing up, with his hands held up over his head, the guard said sheepishly, “Just doing my job.”
“I hear you,” Isiah told him, smiling.  “Just passing through,” he said, disappearing down the hallway that led to the cafeteria area.
As he was entering the cafeteria several shots rang out, with the bullets arcing over his head, taking out light fixtures.  Isiah grabbed up one of the tables and used it as a shield while he ran towards two TAC team members, pushing them against the wall until he could hear bones crunching.  Taking the pressure off the table top, they fell to the floor.  He disabled their rifles and then held up two fingers at the camera fixed to the corner of the room.  
“Dammit, he’s heading to the garage,” the Commander cried out.  “Get some support down their immediately.  It doesn’t leave this property.  We’re ending this right now!”
“Body count’s getting up there,” Isiah purred into the radio.  “Not good.”
Predictable, Isiah thought.  His feint was working.  Before, during the study, he knew where some of the participants would sneak a smoke break.  It was on a landing just off one of the emergency stairwells that was required by city code for all buildings to include in the architectural plans.  From the fourth floor down the steps uncoiled outside the building.  Once outside he would have more options, able to strike back if need be.  Concentrated warfare was always about space and how to utilize it.  
“I think we got him now,” the Commander reported to Becker, who was still entombed in his panic room, glad for all the robust security measures that had been included in the structure.  Bombproof.  Fire proof.  Impenetrable.  “Bring that fucker down, Commander.”
Miscalculations were the seeds for defeat.  Decision making was often rife with hubris too.  A two-step dance that brought ruin.  Isiah had guessed right.  Knowing the Commander, with his military tunnel vision and linear thinking would throw the bulk of his men into the egress point.  Overwhelming force was more than just a hinge that strategy hung on.  It brought mental comfort.  Ameliorated the doubt always lingering.  Provided a glide path for resolve to take root.  
Not this time.  Isiah was going for the knock out blow.  Like fourth and one.  On the wrong side of the fifty yard line.  A gamblers suave serenity.  He jumped from landing to landing, hanging down from support wall to the next until he got to the second floor and ripped off the exit door.  Close.  Real near.  Right to command, the nerve center.  Now mostly unguarded after the Commander had stripped away most of the personnel, dispersing them to the perceived battlefield.
Shoulder to door, he pushed once, twice, and then on the third try the door gave way.  “Looking for me?” he sang out, as the activity in the room came to a halt.  A man to his right reached for his sidearm and Isiah wrenched it out of his hand, then heaved him across the room, where he crashed into a bank of monitors with city scenes flickering on them.  “Got some pay back due me,” he called out, smiling.  He scanned the room for a moment, then grabbed up a chair and tossed it against the wall, taking out several wide screen monitors.  “Don’t need those no more.”  
The Commander snatched up a radio but before he could say anything Isiah had jumped up on one of the desks and leaped at him.  He delivered a few blows to the stomach and then held  the Commander up off the ground with one hand, before dropping in a heap on the floor.  “Guy just doesn’t wanta give up.”  He pummeled him a few more times until you could hear the life pass out of him.  “Dumb fuck.”
A security guard then suddenly entered the room, hand gun firing wildly.  Three people dropped at their desks, strafed by the rounds flying around the room.  Isiah rushed him then latched onto his shooting hand and turned the gun back on the guard.  The gun went off, delivering a round right to his face.  Blood splattered.  A few women in the back screamed.  
“I guess you guys are kinda like civilians in all this,” Isiah announced, wiping the blood off his hands on the lapels of a man’s sport jacket that was draped over a chair.  “Then again, you know what they say about collateral damage and all.”
One of the radios in the room crackled for a moment and then you could hear someone ordering someone else to check on the command center.  He smiled.  “I think I best be going now,” he exclaimed.  “If I see any of you again...well...it’s not going to go well for you—if you get me.  Got that?  I think you get it,” he concluded and was gone.  Damage in his wake.  


Chapter 12:  Father/Son   

Another Air Force Base, Tyreke thought, arriving at the gate, where two guards surveyed the car he was driving suspiciously at first then noticing the Maroon Beret and spontaneously layering on some respect in their voices.  He was used to it.  Being a PJ made for unusual theater sometimes around other Air Force personnel.  Sometimes there was a degree of pulsating wonder in their demeanor, like he had just walked off a cloud and descended to earth.  Other times, they were shy, not wanting to say anything disrespectful.  Although Tyreke denied it to himself, he enjoyed the small scale worship, found it refreshed his sense of what he had become within the ranks of the military.  One of them.  Called up for NMU (National Mission Unit) adventures.  Been up against it.  A select few.  Chosen.
He asked the guard directions to General Tanner’s office.  Even though the division within the US Air Force was, more or less, unofficial, one of those secret units that no one was supposed to talk about or even know about, it was common knowledge around the base.  Engendering whispers.  Knowing nods.  Where government magic happened.  Behind closed doors.  Concealed behind security clearances that were difficult to attain.  Rumors detailed all sorts of conspiratorial legends.  Ultra modern weaponry.  Psychological programs that were designed to cripple future enemies of the nation.  Intergalactic beings and their mode of transport from galaxies unknown.  All bound only by diligent imaginations feeding on science fiction scenarios.
Tyreke had never even heard of the division or a General Tanner.  His contribution to the continuing war effort was decidedly earth bound.  In real time.  He couldn’t imagine what he was even doing there at Wright-Patterson.  Didn’t make much sense to him.  Orders were orders.  Who ever had cut them must have something in mind, he reasoned.  Then again, fighting the dwindling War on Terror from Ohio didn’t seem too effective.  Heart of the nation notwithstanding, of course.
He drove to a building set apart from all of the others on the base.  Nondescript.  Ugly even.  Absent the usual garish insignia mounted out front telling the world of their historical significance.  Nothing, just some feeble shrubbery that appeared to be withering away, untended to.  Parking the car, he got out and stretched for a moment.  More and more he noticed another set of aches and pains somewhere on his body.  Too many campaigns against a foe that wouldn’t surrender.  Aging out of all of this, he thought, wincing as he flexed his right leg for a moment, gently working the knee as the cartilage crunched a little bit.  Hard landings:  parachute drops, jumping from landing choppers, hikes through inhospitable terrain.  The career arc was brief, very short.
A few days before the General had finally set up a face to face with Dr. Becker, who had successfully dodged him for weeks with creative excuses.  With LT in tow, the two of them had been shocked to find Becker holed up in a recently renovated command room.  Still smelling of drying paint.  Holes in the walls, suspiciously looking like bullet holes.  Wires dangling from the ceiling where the damaged camera had once been.  
“What happened here?” the General had asked, after he got over seeing the bandage on Becker’s nose and the deep, dark bruises under his eyes.  “And what happened to your face?  Plastic surgery?”
“Yeah, funny,” Becker shot back, not in any mood to play the deception game once again.  
“You look like--”
“What’s on your mind, General Tanner?  I got lots and lots of things to do, if you hadn’t noticed,” Becker snapped at him.
“Yeah, don’t we all,” the General exclaimed, trying to control his anger already.  “Well, you wouldn’t get back to me.  No status updates like you promised and that thing is still out there.”
“I think I know that.  Who do you think did this to me?” he asked, pointing at his face.  “Had a visit from him the other day.  Not dead.  Not by a long shot.  Showed up here and got right into the building.  No problem.  In my bedroom for fuck’s sake.  Almost killed me.”
The General exchanged glances with LT, then offered, “My god, Becker.  You are lucky to be alive.”
“Tell me about it.  Managed to get in my safe room before he could finish the job.  Broke some ribs.  Nose.  Orbital whatever.  It was fucking insane for sure,” he spat out, turning for a moment to bark out an order to one of his staff.  “’Bout time,” he called out, motioning for Laura, John, and Tim, his inner circle, to come over.  “Give me some good news for a change, will ya.”
There wasn’t any.  Virion had disappeared.  Again.  Evaporated like rain.  Back into the city streets.  And now the tactical team was leaderless.  Dead, along with numerous other security personnel.  At the mandatory debriefing, conducted by Becker, a half dozen had quit on the spot.  Resigned.  Not paid enough.  Not nearly enough.  “You guys have been up against ISIS, al Qaeda, whatever, are you kidding me,” Becker had exclaimed disapprovingly.  Even the offer of increased bonuses didn’t change their minds.
The General was startled to see Becker in such a state, where fear was percolating, breaching his sense of superiority.  Virion had disturbed his sense of immunity, immune from mere mortal failings.  Doesn’t apply to him.  Never had.  His lofty perch gave him a feeling of invincibility.  Even the impregnable Ouroboros building was now vulnerable.  He had single- handedly created his own nemesis and it was intent on his demise.
“How many has it killed now?” LT questioned reasonably enough.  
Becker ignored him and huddled with his close associates for a few minutes.  The General and LT conferred, deciding to push Becker on what the next step was.  All of their careers were on the line.  It was painfully obvious now that the vaunted Ouroboros wasn’t going to be up to the task.  Overmatched, left to swing in the wind.  Realistically, the creature was in  control.  With the FBI and other government entities left in the dark, kept out of the loop.  They were on their own.  On the drive back to Dayton, General Tanner and LT sat in glum silence, neither one wanting to broach the subject, the predicament they had fallen into.  
Then LT got an idea.  Personalize the problem, he reasoned.  Look for a relative, someone who had been close to one Isiah Worth.  Bring him or her into their confidence.  Impress upon them the delicate nature of the situation and how critical it had become for everyone.  The abbreviated, edited version, leaving out stray bits of information that might incriminate the wrong people.  
To his surprise, after doing some investigating, he had found that Isiah Worth had a son and that he happened to be in the Air Force.  Further, he was a PJ.  It seemed to be too incredible.  Maybe a mistake or mistaken identity.  Coincidence.  Same name.  Yet there it was.  The Worth family, from Cincinnati.  Taking his findings to the General produced a flurry of bureaucratic sorcery and the orders were cut.  Mystifying, yet ordered by a General.  
A fellow NCO smiled at Tyreke as he entered the building, E5 to E5.  While an underling, Senior Airman, asked him to follow her as she walked down several hallways.  “We have been waiting for you, Sergeant Worth,” she said over her shoulder as she shuffled along quickly.  Finally stopping at an office door at the end of the hall.  Motioning with her hand, she told him:  “The General will see you right away.”  Then she was gone and he could hear her heels click-clacking down the tile floor.  He had wanted to ask her if she knew anything about what he was doing there but knew better not to ask.  Orders came down.  Hazy reasons were always best to not think about in the military.  It was the nature of the uncompromising structure of the administrative apparatus.  On the battlefield.  Rear echelon.   Same.  No distinction.  
Life in the military sphere had a way of restricting your sense of what normal societal handholds might be.  Something to mentally grasp.  Establish your bearings.  Yet Tyreke was a select member of a distinct class within the ranks.  In, but out.  Above the regimented fray to some extent.  Able to look out at different horizons.  It was a niche the military hierarchy tolerated and privately disdained.  It brought individualism forward, gave it oxygen and was anathema to the strictures that bound the discipline necessary for completion of the task at hand. 
Who was this General, he wondered as he entered the outer office, met by another enlisted man who was sitting behind a desk.  Harried, the Airman fielded several calls simultaneously, quietly groaning in between each one.  Tyreke stood in front of the desk, habitually moving to an at ease stance.  Legs apart.  Hands behind his back, Beret in hand.  He could hear voices coming from inside the main office.  Voices raised.  Incriminating, apparently.  Tyreke couldn’t remember how many times he had heard Generals go off on some poor, lower ranked victim.  It was woven into the military culture.  Berate.  Long winded rebukes.  Then results.  Operating procedure.  
“The General will see you now, Sergeant,” the Airman announced, slamming down the phone and rolling his eyes at the ceiling.
Tyreke was happy he had never been tasked with any administrative detail, always outside, in the field, essentially moving.  He imagined these four walls got closer and closer together as the months went by.  Like prison.  With a malignant force to deal with, daily.  He shuddered at the thought.  Even though NCO’s were the backbone of the Service, they still had to negotiate in between the lines of command.        
“Sergeant Worth,” the General called out, getting up from behind his desk, dispensing with any military protocol, leaving Tyreke in mid-salute.  “Glad you are here.  Have a seat.”
He noticed off to his right a Lieutenant standing, mute, smiling.  He had been in many officer’s offices before but nothing like this.  Business vibe, he immediately thought.  Several quick glances around told him it was light on the usual standard US Air Force issue.  Very different décor, except for the obligatory airplane model displays.  
“Find everything alright?” LT wanted to know in a too friendly tone, one that worried Tyreke immediately.  Nothing good ever came from officers courting you.  “It’s a big base.”
“No problem, sir,” he answered, returning his smile warily.  Are they setting me up? He asked himself.  “Just wondering what I’m doing here.”  His comment hung in the air for a moment, while the Lieutenant and the General exchanged looks.
“I imagine you are, Sergeant,” General Tanner stated, sitting back down.  “I guess this all seems, you know, out of bounds...or something.”
Tyreke nodded and offered, “Not something I’m too used to, sir.”
Exchanging glances again, LT asked, “You father is Isiah Worth, correct?”  Raw and to the point.  “I have been looking into your background a little bit and--”
Confused, Tyreke interjected:  “I’m not sure what my father has to do with...with me.  He was not really my father.  I mean growing up there was no connection.  Father in absentia, you know.”
No response.  Silence seeped into the office.  Tyreke knew nothing of the tumultuous days that had just passed down in Cincinnati.  Ouroboros had kept it quiet, while the police department and FBI competed to bungle the response.  Virion’s actions, even though containing a high degree of viciousness, had been contained.  Kept in the family.  An Ouroboros problem.  The media only knew of some peculiar robberies and not just how possibly transformative the events might become.  With almost silky efficiency, Becker had managed to obscure real events.  Any imminent threat to the city was defused.  
“Let me just put it out there,” General Tanner exclaimed, glancing at LT for a moment, adding, “Okay?”
More confused now, Tyreke replied, “Sir?”
“You are going to be our secret weapon,” the General declared, without a hint of levity in his voice.  
“Our asset,” LT chimed in, nodding at the General.
Tyreke squirmed a little in his chair, not sure what his response should be.  In all his time in the military he had never faced such an encounter with the brass.  From whatever branch.  Briefings.  Training.  Debriefings.  Nothing came close to how uncomfortable he was at that moment.  Off balance, left reaching back to all of his experience before dealing with officers and his position in the chain of command.  Used to being sent to locales that most only whispered about.  Tight lipped.  Behind closed doors with a small coterie of highly trained military personnel.  Land of quasi-legal decisions that didn’t have to justify their provenance.  Orders were orders were…
“I’m really not sure what you are saying...are asking of me,” he finally stated, clutching at the maroon beret in his lap.  
“I can see why that might be,” the General declared, leaning forward in his chair.  “I assure you this is going to be like no other mission you have ever undertaken in your career.”
“Without a doubt,” LT seconded.
“Mission?” Tyreke muttered, holding the General’s stare for a brief instant.
“Yes, we have a very distinct task for you.  In Cincinnati.  There’s a lot riding on it,” General Tanner informed him.
Shouldn’t have re-upped, he thought for a moment, grimacing at the thought.  “I...sir...I don’t know what anything about anything can have to do with my father.  Don’t know the man.”
“I get that,” the General interjected.  “Blood is blood though, right?”
“I guess so,” he agreed reluctantly.
“I know-I know, this is all crazy sounding shit but when we fill you in on the details, bring you up to speed, well, it’s going to come into focus for you, no problem,” General Tanner assured him.
Ten minutes.  Fifteen.  Later, Tyreke didn’t care for the General’s plan.  He also was certain the General had to be mildly insane.  At least.  Some science experiment had turned his father into a killing machine.  In Cincinnati.  He had seen no reports in the news.  Wouldn’t social media be on fire right about now?  He reasoned.  Nothing.  How could a news blackout be put into effect?  Didn’t ring true to him.  
Being re-purposed as a neo-avenger was beyond weird.  Perverse even.  The military never operated this way.  Only in the movies.  Besides, he hadn’t spoken to his father in so long he couldn’t remember how long it had been.  No gauzy logic was going to change that fact.  There was no father/son relationship.  Never had been.  
Virion, they were calling him that.  Sounded as strange as the entire molecular restructuring backstory.  Science Fiction was more plausible.  Somehow through the empowerment of a mysterious drug his father had become a super mutant.  And dangerous.  Menace to society.  A villain.  In some ways he just wanted to laugh.  Right in the two officers’ faces.  It couldn’t possibly be real.  Yet orders had been cut.  Travel chits issued, drawn right out of the US Air Force coffers.  
“I really don’t know how I can help in this situation,” Tyreke said apologetically, wishing he could stand up, salute, and about-face right out the door.  Don’t look back.  
“Don’t sell yourself short, Sergeant Worth,” the General told him.  “I’ve seen your record.  Done some heavy lifting when it comes to, well, you know.  Your skills are considerable.  Can’t underestimate that aspect here.  In this particular instance.  Right?”
Tyreke felt as if he might have fallen into some quicksand.  Something definitively not normal.  Beyond the boundaries.  Unlike anything he had ever experienced in his military career before.  Also, he sensed it was extra-legal.  In the past, he had been involved in operations that skirted what was legally acceptable but sanctioned by the Pentagon, if not the White House.  Fighting against what constituted most times an amorphous enemy demanded the proverbial asymmetrical response.  Necessitating creative strategy.  This made that seem quaint.
“Sir, I’m not at all sure what you are asking me to do here but I follow orders.  Always have,” he responded, first looking at the General and then at LT.  
General Tanner nodded and said, “Good.  Because we are in deep on this and could use all the help we can get.”
“What the General is saying is that extenuating circumstances have made this situation more than dire,” LT explained with a grim expression.  
Tyreke had sat through plenty of briefings, pre-operation confabs that bordered on the fantastic.  Unbelievable in that way where it made you question reality.  Where was the alignment? would ring in your mind as you put all of the working parts into place, hoping for the complete assembly to actually work.  Yet that made more sense to him.  As usual, it was in order to vanquish someone, some organization, the enemy.  That the target happened to be his father made it all the more bizarre.  Further, what weren’t they telling him rang in his ears as slivers of doubt crept in.
The phone rang on the General’s desk.  “It’s Becker,” he told LT, who sighed heavily, sitting back in his chair.  “Yeah, any news?”
“Hell no,” Becker replied.  “Listen, I’ve got a depleted force here after the visit from you know who so I was--”
“Way ahead of you, Becker,” General Tanner interrupted.  “I’m on it.  Got the answer in my office right now.
“What does that mean?” Becker wanted to know.
“Let you know soon enough,” the General said evasively.  “We are headed down your way in a little while.”
“Hey, this is no time to get bogged down in abstract norms or whatever you think you got going on,” Becker almost shouted into the phone.  “Don’t be cute.”
The General scoffed at that comment and said, “You had your shot at it so now it’s my turn.”
“What is going on?” Tyreke asked LT, who held up his hand and told him to be patient.  He felt like he had fallen into some farcical situation.  And who or what was Ouroboros?  He vaguely remembered something about a company in Cincinnati but he hadn’t lived there in a long time.  Wasn’t attuned to the local scene.  Also, just how unscrupulous was all of this?  His father had become some kind of avenger, it didn’t compute.  He wanted this Dr. Becker to die for all of the sins of the elites.  Seemed laughable.   He was going to war against the uber rich, representing the pitiful poor.  Us against them concept.  What he knew of his father, it didn’t seem likely.
They drove down to Cincinnati, the three of them.  Tyreke always felt uneasy around officers.  Never comfortable even though he had been in the military for some time.  The demarcation between NCO and the next step up had been blurred somewhat in the special forces division.  Much to the consternation of some of the old guard, who thought the standard integrity of the mainline branches shouldn’t be compromised by distinctly unique squads within the ranks, JSOC had carved out its own territory.  Semi-autonomous too.  Able to turn a deaf ear to some corners of Pentagon leadership.  Still didn’t care for any proximity though.  Kept at a distance.  Breathing room.  Now, driving an hour in a car with two of them, two officers he didn’t know, made him nervous.  But he had never disobeyed an order.  
“Made good time I see,” Becker called out to them when they entered the command room.
“Traffic was light,” LT offered, glancing around the room, noticing that the staff had been  reduced.
Becker turned and stared at the graph displayed on one of the big screens on the wall.  Still despondent, as his mind took in the data showing, essentially, that Virion could be anywhere in the city.  His vaunted cyber ability had resulted in little to nothing.  
“So, what’s going on out there?” the General asked, pointing to all the screens on the wall.
Becker glanced at him, then announced, “Searching for a metaphor for all of this that has happened to me.”  He smiled at them then laughed halfheartedly.  “Help me out, General.”
General Tanner glowered at him for a moment, then stated:  “Doom comes in all sizes, Becker.”
He ignored his comment and instead turned to his staff and bellowed out:  “Okay people, the proverbial paradigm has shifted so I want everybody glued to their monitors!  Bring me some data I can use against this apex predator.”
Tyreke surveyed the room for a moment, taking it all in.  He was used to command rooms, the TOC, Tactical Operation Center, places where the electronic world ruled.  In and over combat.  More and more.  A world that was inexorably switching to conflict by remote.  From afar.  With tech.  Leaving humans as caretakers.  Drones, with dry eyed pilots secreted away in bunkers that might as well have been on another planet.  Listening devices that were able to parse a vast array of sounds.  For Intel as well as inflict harm.  Nations hadn’t abandoned their inherent right to prosecute war, just improve on it to the point that conscience could be buffered by cold, insensate technology.  Clean.  Precise.  Effective.  In time, his MOS would be mostly superfluous as IT wizards became indispensable, on site to repair whatever needed fixing.  Mano a mano would become quaint as a concept, replaced by data driven results carried out by bloodless machines, proving science fiction as accurate prognosticator.  AI coming to full fruition.  Changing the rules.  The expectations.  Still, he was shocked to see it had burrowed into the civilian world so seamlessly.  
“How in the hell can anybody get by all this?” the General asked, addressing the entire room as he gestured with his hands to take in all of the tech on display, a Panopticon with the latest facial recognition software humming along in perpetual pursuit.  “Doesn’t make sense to me.”
Becker looked at him for a moment then said, “Please tell me he’s not able to do some kind of shape-shifting now.”  He laughed, along with a few of the staff, before quickly turning back to their monitors.  “I mean, really, we got the whole city under surveillance.  He has to be somewhere out there.  I damn well know he isn’t going to leave Cincinnati.  Oh no, this is personal with him now.”
“You think it’s some kind of vendetta now?” LT wanted to know.
“Fuck, yeah!” Becker shouted over his shoulder, as he leaned over to examine some photos that had been printed out in the last few minutes, a continuing analysis of the Ouroboros property.  “I still don’t know how he got his ass in here.  Hell, at first I thought somebody must have let him in somehow.  Then I thought, nah.  Who in the fuck would do that?  That’d have to be nuts.  I mean think about it.”
General Tanner and LT exchanged glances, sharing the same thought, that people with large egos and power always misunderstand the dynamics of human nature on a granular level.  Unable to see up close.  Blind to what they can’t imagine.  Believing fealty is bought.  “Take pride in your work, Becker,” he declared, not even attempting to mask his sarcasm.
Becker gave him a sour look, then he noticed Tyreke standing there, just another man in a uniform.  Another Air Force stooge he was going to have to put up with, thinking the General must have thought he needed reinforcements to back him up.  “Another warm body to throw in the mix?” he asked, pointing at Tyreke.
General Tanner glanced at Tyreke then replied, “New wrinkle.”
Becker gave him a confused look and exclaimed, “Virion’s already taken out the best of the best, General.  Special Forces don’t mean shit.  Trust me on that.”
“This one might,” the General offered in a cryptic tone of voice.  “Meet Sergeant Tyreke Worth.”
The name hung in the air for a moment, as Becker looked up from his computer screen.  He eyed the man in uniform.  Stared.  Then said, “What the hell.  Are you kidding me?”
“Thought we might bring genetics into it,” the General stated, smiling, pleased with himself.  
A tiny flutter of possibility sneaked in the room.  Like having an exquisite answer to a math problem that brought only anguish.  Becker stood up and walked over to where Tyreke was standing.  Specimen on display.  Just when hope had been incapacitated.  Outside the faint caterwauling siren from some passing police vehicle caused him to glance back at the monitors, scanning the streets below.  Just a reflex.
“So you are related to Vir—Isiah Worth then?” he wanted to know.
Tyreke nodded.
“Tyreke is a PJ,” General Tanner explained.
Like most, Becker wasn’t familiar with the segment of the US armed forces highly trained operators.  Tier 1.  Delta Force.  Seals.  Green Berets.  Rangers.  Recon.  The pecking order was short.  Stacked with skill sets.  “PJ?” he asked.
“Best of the best,” LT chimed in proudly.
“Never heard of them,” Becker said dismissively.  Skeptical.  “I got former Seals in my employ that got wasted, General.  What’s he gonna do?”
“Virion’s his father,” the General stated.
Becker stepped back for a moment, shocked.  Looking at Tyreke, he asked, “Is that true?  He’s your dad?  I didn’t know he even had a son.  How in the hell did I not know that?”
Tyreke again nodded.
“There’s a blood connection here, Becker.  That has to count for something, right?” General Tanner declared.
“We are probably beyond any of that,” Becker said, shaking his head.  “To be honest, I really don’t know what genetic plateau we’re at right now with Virion.  For all we know he has scaled up and away from any...you know, any human connections.  Sorry to say that, Sergeant, but it might be true.”
“Father in name only,” Tyreke announced evenly.  Stoic.  Assuming his usual pre-mission posture.  Calculating.  Composed.  
“Great,” Becker muttered.  “I guess we can give it a try but looks like we will probably have to rely on my projections and--”
“Can’t do that, Becker,” the General interrupted.  “Fools play.  It is impossible to rely on pure math.”  His exasperation had slipped into his voice.
Becker glared at him for an instant, then said, “This is a transition in history and you don’t know shit about anything like that, General.  Believe me.”
“Statistical noise,” LT mumbled, more to himself than to anyone else.
Becker turned on him and shouted:  “Really.  Excuse me if I don’t want to be a statistic.  I’ve seen it up close, remember.  Too close.  Not fun.  We got to pull out all the stops now.  Put an end to it.  I personally don’t think your secret weapon there is going to want to off his own dad.  Do you?  Probably not.”
“Becker, you do know that knowledge isn’t wisdom, right?  They can be mutually exclusive,” General Tanner exclaimed angrily.  “It looks to me like our options have dwindled considerably.  We have unleashed this thing on an unsuspecting populace and we’d better find a way to solve the problem.”
“I have come up with a plan,” Becker declared, clapping his hands together.  “Might sound insane but I can’t come up with anything else.  We need a decoy and who else would work?  He hates me, for some reason,” he said, smirking a little. “I’ll step up.”
“Are you sure about this?” the General inquired, dubious.
Becker looked over at him for a moment, then exclaimed, “I think its time we draw Virion out.  Get him to play by our rules.”
LT exchanged looks with the General then offered, “I’m not sure taking it to him so to speak is the right move here...strategically that is.”
“Got a better idea, Lieutenant?  How about you, son of Virion?” Becker said in mocking tones.  “Think you got what it takes.  Here, take a look at these clips.”  He reached over and cued up some of the security footage of what Isiah had done to his elite task force members.  
“I don’t think he needs to see any of that,” General Tanner stated angrily.  “That is just--”
“Why not?  Look, he might as well see what he’s up against...and it ain’t no old broken down man,” Becker announced, pointing at the monitor overhead.  “Check it out.”
Tyreke looked up to see a flurry of punches as they maimed limbs and took lives.  Easily.  Swiftly.  Like gruesome calisthenics.  Over and over.  Repeat.  Inflicting pain.  Death.  Eerily quiet on the tape.  No sound.  Muted, just pantomimed screams from distorted mouths.  He wanted to look away but couldn’t.  That’s my father, pierced his mind as his almost perverse voyeurism kept his eyes locked on the drama on the screen, the replay.
“My god,” he finally muttered.
“Yep, liked to say I’m proud of my work but, you know, kind of fucked up to see it in action,” Becker joked callously.  “Lost some good men that day for sure.  Almost got my ass too.  Pops went on a real rampage.  Now we got to stop him before he does more damage.  More harm.”
“I guess so,” Tyreke said in almost a whisper, awed by the mayhem being enacted by one man against impossible odds.
“Hear that?” Becker asked the General.  “He said ‘I guess so.’”  He laughed and pointed at the screen, saying:  “He might do that to you too, Tyreke.  Better be ready.”
“Okay, Becker.  We get your point,” General Tanner exclaimed.  
Set the trap.  With bait.  Where?  General Tanner and Becker contemplated the odds.  Probabilities.  As Tyreke wondered if any of it was actually real.  Maybe a hallucination of some sort.  PTSD raging out of control.  He had seen some of his comrades consumed by strange psychological quirks.  Debilitating.  Snatching careers away, leaving a husk of a man, hollowed out by “enacted evil,” as one of the operators he knew liked to say with a ghoulish laugh.  Smiles all around masking the continuing damage to their souls.  As the nuts and bolts of asymmetric warfare gnawed on their conscience.  Corrosive.  Voracious.  
“Fuck this,” Becker bellowed out after they had been debating what their next step should be, what exactly the specifics might look like.  “I already said I’d be the bait.  Let’s just set the venue.  That’s right.  Obviously he wants to kill me.  So...well, it might just work.”
“You sure?” the General asked, surprised.  “You don’t have to do this, you know.”
Becker looked at him for a moment, then said, “Yeah, I know but since I started this whole fucked enterprise it has to be me to stop it all.  I don’t see any other way.”
Quietly, General Tanner admired his willingness to put himself on the line, but he said, “I guess you’re right.”
Decided.  Executive decision, one that Becker and General Tanner were used to making.  Full of import.  Effecting many.  Being decisive was built in, expected.  
“What’s my part in all this?” Tyreke asked, hesitant to encourage what might be an entrenched psychological disorder he could be suffering from.  Once, several years before, he had seen a special operator, with over five years in and numerous tours endured, climb a water tower on base and launch himself off, believing that he was jumping into another dimension.  Left a note.  Scrawled letters that revealed the level of his mental illness, complete with a diagram showing directions to the putative promise land, another existence without war.  
“That’s up to you,” Becker answered.  “I’ll get him there and then you get to do your thing.”
Tyreke looked around the room for a moment, pausing to take in some of the data flowing across one of the monitors overhead.  This has to be one elaborate illusion.  Something a truck load of pills wouldn’t alter.  “I...I don’t get any of this.  I don’t.  This seems like some gigantic hoax or something.  None of this makes any sense to me.”
“General, you had better get your man there caught up to speed or this is all going to go to shit.  Fast,” Becker stated, turning back to his monitor.
Working together, Becker and General Tanner crafted a plan, putting aside their mutual distrust of one another.  Bonding for the elemental reason that their survival depended on cooperation.  While Tyreke looked on, bewildered.  Unsure.  Wanting to extract himself from the bizarre circumstances.  Disobey an order.  Go with his initial instinct and against what the General was proposing.  Father against son, son versus father in some sort of weird gladiatorial skirmish.  Some orders were tailor made to be disregarded.  Done it before, on the battlefield, where changing circumstances had you riveted to another course of action.  On site.  With options dwindling rapidly, leaving little to no time for any clinical decisions that looked good on paper.  By the book.  Standard operating procedural lunacy that was going to result in just another KIA stat logged in some Pentagon spreadsheet and kept far, far away from prying, inquisitive eyes.  Going off the reservation reared up invariably from time to time because of the nature of combat, operations that were not supposed to ring any bells.  Disappearing into opaque files to be perused by few.  If any.  After action reports might as well been written in cuneiform. 
PR was needed.  Fortunately, Becker, as well as the Ouroboros Corporation, garnered gargantuan amounts.  The Media, Print and Video, were enamored and had been since Dr. Ernst Becker launched his brand so many years before.  He was a luminary in the science world and iconoclastic as well.  Able to bridge several different chasms in the public’s mind.  Success had a way of providing avenues to travel.  Easily.  Like in an exponential fashion, where achievements birthed another source of value and merit.  As with all large, big imprint companies, Ouroboros had its own public relations department.  One that churned out press releases and continually messaged any pronouncements that needed to be disseminated.     
“Where are we with the trap?” General Tanner wanted to know, having just returned from Wright-Patterson, where he tried to keep everything running without any suspicious interruptions.
“Happy to see you too, General,” Becker joked, seemingly in a good mood for a change.  “How’s your day job going anyway?  Any planes fall out of the sky today?”
As usual, he ignored Becker’s barbs and replied, “Is it too much to ask for some kind of progress report?”  He exhaled quietly, steeling himself for the customary friction that was coming.  Even though throughout his career he had to interact with demagogues, small “d,” in uniform and out, it never got any easier.  There always seemed to be the element of soullessness about it because there was the ever present absence of moral clarity guiding the way.    It was an unfortunate ubiquity, he remembered one of his instructors at the Air Force Academy saying, not without a grin.  “An analysis, please,” he called out, unable to mask his irritation.
“I got my people orchestrating the greatest show possible,” Becker bellowed out in a sing song voice.  I have overcome quintessential fear to take the reins.”
The General actually laughed along with him for a moment, then said, “You’re in a good mood today.  It’s not like you to violate reason so openly.”
“What?  Is that an attempt at some sort of sarcasm, General Tanner?  Damn.  I never thought I’d see the day when--”
“Let’s not get carried away, Becker,” the General exclaimed.  
“Well let me tell you right now I’m sure as hell not going to be going in for any type of security theater here,” Becker stated.  “Fuck no on that.  It’s my ass on the line so I intend on locking everything down completely.  Totally.  If Virion shows—and I’m sure he will—we are going to finish it once and for all.  Done.  One way or another.  You can be sure of that.”
The General smiled briefly, imagining Becker in hand to hand combat with his own creation.  Stuff of bad comic books.  Unimaginable.  Too strange to be real.  Then again, he believed Virion would be audacious enough to appear.  To extract his revenge.  
“Nice to know you are up for this,” the General said, one small attempt at encouragement.
“By the way, General Tanner, you’re going to be there too, right?” Becker wanted to know.  “After all this, this colossal shit we’ve bequeathed to the people of Cincinnati, well, it seems like we both should face the consequences.”
“Not adverse to it,” the General announced, laughing suddenly.  
“You’re first taste of combat,” Becker announced, smirking.
General Becker gave him a sour look then said, “I guess you could say that.”
“Comrades in arms,” Becker joked, adding “there’s either trust or its opposite.  No gray areas anymore.  This will be the triumph of muscular science.  Might be good.  Might be bad.  The balance of the two is fluid.  Undetermined.”
“I know all these suckups around here never do it but did anyone ever tell you you were full of shit,” the General stated, laughing.
“I know my ex-wife did plenty of times,” he replied, laughing along with the General.  “I guess you could say we are now living in a conjectural world.  Gotta get used to it.  Who knows how it is all going to turn out.”
“Come on, I know damn well you are used to rolling the dice.  Have done it all your life...or at least in your career,” the General exclaimed, grinning.  “You are up against it but I have confidence you’ll get it done.”
Becker stared at him for a moment, mildly shocked by his words, then said, “This is a side of you I certainly didn’t expect.  Or maybe this is some kind of patented military pep talk you give all your underlings.  Right?”  They shared a laugh then he continued, “No self-immolation here, General.  We’re going to get it done and worry about the postmortem details later.  And I don’t want some kinda logistical quagmire either.  Not much fun contextualizing your own death, you know.”
General Tanner marveled at Becker’s seeming composure.  He was quietly impressed, having always thought of the feted CEO scientist as being a pampered idiot for the most part and definitely absent any bravery.  “Logistics I can do,” he stated, nodding, assuring him he knew what needed to be done.
The media had been alerted, following the usual pattern Ouroboros utilized when unveiling some new product line, the latest wonder drug that was going to make life worth living even easier.  Done before.  Sterling track record, with a compliant local press that filtered quickly out to the greater markets around the nation and world.  The plan had been finalized after some hard attained data had been analyzed.  A venue had been selected with an abundance of input from the security team.  Optimal layout.  Perimeters defined.  Riverside.  Near the iconic suspension bridge that spanned the Ohio River.  Backdrop to many of Cincinnati’s cityscape scenes.  Architectural gravitas.  No need to focus group it.  Good sight lines too, for protection.
As usual, the city quickly complied when they received the request for a permit.  Famous native son, glad to help, so the message came back from the Mayor’s office.  RSVP too.  Becker had been given, more or less, the green light for a decade.  Good publicity.  The Queen City is on the map, like rolling back the clock, the calendar when the city was one of the more important urban areas in the nation’s early history.  Perfect synergy next to the venerable stone of the John A. Roebling bridge that dated from the 1800’s.  Per usual, imagery was vital in moving the message.  Inculcating.  Raw, unadulterated influence, something the corporate world was expert at.  Pulling the levers that made capitalism operate smoothly.  
“Good day for an ambush,” Dr. Becker joked to the General, who managed a weak smile in return.  “Come on now,” Becker exclaimed, “I’m the one front and center on this little adventure.  You gotta give me some support here.”
General Tanner looked at him for a moment and finally replied, “You might just die on the battlefield today, Becker.”
He laughed and said, “Are you kidding me or what?  Is that how you Generals talk before going into battle?  Now that’s fucked up.”
The General laughed and said, “I wouldn’t know, really.  I am--”
“Oh yeah, I know,” Becker interrupted, grinning.  “Nice of you to wear your combat uniform though.”
General Tanner looked down at his freshly laundered BDU camouflage uniform for a moment, instantly embarrassed, and said, “Ridiculous, I know...feel like a damn fool wearing this thing.”
“Naw, General, looks good on you.  Real authentic,” Becker needled.
“Have I told you to go fuck yourself today?” the General shot back, laughing.
“Kinda nervous, you know,” Becker suddenly said, changing the subject.  “Might have to wear one of those adult diaper things.  Wouldn’t want to have an accident right on stage before the big event...or even during it.  If you know what I mean.  The last time I had a face to face with Virion it wasn’t exactly confidence inspiring.  Talk about being scared.  It was like going one on one with the devil or something.”
“I can imagine,” General Tanner said, trying to sound supportive as he knew that his level of courage under such circumstances was suspect at best.  
“Anyway, we will go from here down to the river in a caravan, then a small crew will escort us up to the stage and--”
“Us?” the General interjected.
Becker looked at him for a moment then replied, “Yeah.  The two of us are going to be up on the stage while I give the bogus announcement.  That was the plan, right?”
“Technically, I am not supposed to be involved with Ouroboros, Becker.  Remember?” the General complained.  “The US Air Force and your company aren’t linked in any way.”
“Yeah, well I guess we are past that now, General.  I mean, fuck all, what do you think we are doing here anyway?  Besides, having you up on that stage will only sweeten the pot so to speak.  More of a drawing card type of thing.  Revenge squared.”
“Virion doesn’t know me...or what the Air Force is connected to,” the General stated.  
“Don’t tell me you are planning on chickening out on me,” he shot back angrily.  “You got to grow a pair, General Tanner.  I mean, what the fuck!”
“I’m here for moral support and that’s about it,” the General declared.
Becker laughed and said, “Thanks for that.  I mean are you for real?  Profile in courage right here people.  Look at the General in his spotless uniform.  Ready to go to war.  Kinda a joke, if you think about it.”
Seething, General Tanner exclaimed, “This is your disaster, not mine.  Not really.  You are the one who got us into this mess.”
“Really.  Well how about this then.  Is the PJ or JP or whatever going to whimp out too?  Wouldn’t want to mess up his nicely pressed camos.”
“I’ll do what I can,” Tyreke announced from the doorway.
Becker turned and saw him standing there, kitted out in his combat gear.  “Impressive.  Know how to use that...that stuff?”  
Tyreke ignored his remark and said, “General, for the record, I think this is all insane but I intend on taking down my father if it comes to that.  And standing orders have nothing to do with it at this point.  If he is as dangerous as you say...well, then something has to be done about it.  I’m ready for that eventuality.”
Becker clapped his hands for a moment, then declared:  “At least somebody in the fucking Air Force has some balls.”
The caravan assembled in the garage of the Ourobors building.  Heavily armed men were stationed at strategic locations.  Most of them had done duty protecting dignitaries and other high profile individuals during their careers and knew the steps that needed to be taken to ensure a rolling safe environment.  Most times.  On the look out for the ambush that might come.  At any time.  Around that next corner.  In hostile surroundings.  With unsympathetic bystanders.  
“What’s it like being the HVT, Becker?” the General asked, grinning.
“The what?” Becker grumbled.  “Oh, I get it.  I’m the high value target in this scenario.  Right?  Very funny.  Nice of you to lightened the mood and all.”
Tyreke traded comments with some of the security personnel, people he related too, had shared a military vision with at one time.  Been there before.  Under unusual circumstances.  In extraordinary situations.  Men who had seen peril that unwavering risk always produced.  Where training became moot when applied bedlam took control some of the time.  Playing the odds, or so a fellow PJ had told him before his very first mission that occurred for what seemed like years and years ago.  Time did have a way of being compressed into segments that your memories couldn’t catalog effectively.  
“Time to roll,” the new task force commander barked out, a man who had taken over for the previous one, now another statistic added to the Virion file.  He waved his men into position and climbed in the lead car, with Becker being ushered into the second vehicle with Tyreke, leaving General Tanner to head back to the command room to watch it all unfold on screen.  Safely removed.  
“Hope your dad hasn’t gotten his hands on any firearms,” Becker told Tyreke, raising his eyebrows.  “Bad enough without them.”
“You armed up?” Tyreke wanted to know, eyeing him for a moment, before returning his gaze out to the passing streets out the window.
Becker patted his UC jacket, which he was known for wearing for just about any occasion.  “Glock,” he replied succinctly, shrugging.
“Know how to use it?”
“Been to the shooting range a lot, but no, haven’t shot anybody with it,” Becker said, forcing a laugh.  “If that’s what you mean.”
Tyreke snorted, then said, “Just don’t end up tapping me.”
Becker smiled and exclaimed, “Can’t guarantee that.”
He frowned at him and said, “I’ve been in some fucked up operations but this...this is out there.  I-I don’t know what in the hell I’m going to do when and if.  Not trained for any of this shit, believe me.  Hope I--”
“Don’t worry, Sergeant, he’s gonna be zeroing in on me for sure.  Feel free to step out of the way if you have to,” Becker joked.
“I got to say, you are pretty cool about all this.”
“Call me a bad risk assessor,” Becker announced, listening in as the radio crackled with activity for a moment.  “The time horizon may be changing a little bit of course.  I guess this is what happens when the physical goes up against viral.  Pathogens do what pathogens do.  I can only imagine there’s a whole lot of morphing going on, you know.  Look out for the paradigmatic shift and all.  Formidable obstacles need to be overcome.”
“What’s that?” Tyreke asked, confused by Becker’s usual musings, finally picking up on the growing nervousness in Becker’s voice.
He looked at him for a moment, smiled, and replied, “Nothing, just thinking out loud.  That’s all.”
The motorcade sped towards the Ohio river.  People walking on the street turned to look as it passed.  Curious.  Wondering.  The Cincinnati Police Department idly went about the business of another routine day in the city.  Used to planned events.  All year.  Beer festivals.  Marathons.  Baseball games.  Football too.  Parades.  Nothing out of the ordinary.  Traffic control, nothing more.  Usually.  Even with the occasional protest demonstrating for or against something.  Part of the job.
Tyreke stared out the window at the city passing by, a place he didn’t even think about much any more.  Not relevant.  He had become long ago a military wanderer.  Stationed here and there.  Never more than a temporary foothold.  Just continuing to learn new and different locales.  Establish favorite restaurants, again.  Commit to memory routes on streets that linked.  Cincinnati seemed distant, like he had never even been there before.  Strange.  All of those memories were somehow extinguished, left to die on the vine.  And now he was back.  Under bizarre circumstances.  If the city existed as a relic in his mind then his father was nothing more than a dusty recollection.  Expunged by his grandmother.  Never to be unearthed.
The stage came into view as the motorcade swung around and stopped curbside.  The task force jumped out of their cars and took up positions around Becker’s car.  Tyreke stepped out and suddenly felt foolish gripping his rifle, posed for a firefight of what ever description that might come.  I am in downtown Cincinnati, a stern voice was telling him, as if to point out just how absurd it all was.  In full combat gear.  The sheer silliness of it all suddenly washed over him and he wanted to laugh.  Out loud.  
“Gotta move,” he called out to Becker, looking up at one of the towering buildings across the street.  
General Tanner trained his eyes on the screen overhead, watching the motorcade arrive.  While the tech team kept the cameras zeroed in, capturing every movement.  The sharp edges of guilt and shame crept into his thoughts.  Doing what Generals do, his mind grasped tightly what the events on the ground being relayed back to the command center.  Oversee.  Around him the slow motion activity continued.  Data streamed in.  He looked round the room and saw the bloodless manifestation of surveillance.  Observing.  Surreptitiously keeping tabs.  On her.  Him.  Everyone.  For the first time he noticed a poster on the far wall, one of the many around the building exhorting the staff to keep the Ouroboro’s ethos strong.  YOU CAN’T BE TRAPPED IN AN IDEOLOGICAL CORNER.  The words were stamped over an abstract graphic, apparently unashamed of its Orwellian import.  Worse then the military, he thought, before turning his attention back to the situation unfolding up on the screen.  Knowing that whatever happened was now going to go public, very public.  Viral.  It would all be revealed.  Unless Tyreke could come through.  End it.  And then the cover up would begin.  One large, concerted smokescreen to obscure the facts.  Yet he knew the son of Virion, who he selected to extinguish the problem, was trained to save men and women in combat situations, not bring to force to bear. To kill.  
The trap was set.  People, bystanders, were gathering around the stage, along with a gaggle of press jostling for space.  Pushing.  Shoving.  Protecting precious cameras from wayward elbows.  All for proximity to Becker, to the story.  Big news.  Breaking.  Lead story locally.  Nationally too.  Worldwide.
Becker jettisoned the customary build up, where he usually used a local dignitary to introduce him or even some paid celebrity to sing his praises.  Soften up the crowd.  Raise the  suspense a notch.  Before he took the stage and delivered his customary hyperbole.  Where the enthusiasm was contagious.  Be the ring master.  Make them believe.  All the while he knew there was only a flimsy veneer of safety surrounding him.  Virion, his scientific concoction, was metamorphosing rapidly.  His skills, physical prowess, would be on a fast track to astounding superiority even over the highly trained individual.  With, almost surely, little to no binding moral code.   


Isiah needed little to no rest.  As each hour passed he could sense changes in his body. Rejuvenating.  Scaling up.  As if he could feel his blood coursing through his body.  A fantasist’s dream, or nightmare.  They could be interchangeable.  Across town the powerful were attempting to wield tools against him.  He was the existential threat lumbering towards everyone.  A genetic freak show boring into society’s flesh.  Able to hide in the jagged topography of an urban center.   Randomized danger.  Distortions in the evolutionary timeline bringing an uncertain outcome.  Writ large.  An incentivised molecular framework resulting in an exponential horror.  
His anger hadn’t subsided all that much.  Still disappointed.  Having let Dr. Becker slip through his fingers made him furious.  And now he wasn’t sure what his next move should be.  Another heist interested him but didn’t seem all that satisfying.  His mind kept coming back to his mistakes once he had gained entrance to the Ouroboros building.  It rankled his thoughts, clutching at his sense of accomplishment, leaving him to doubt what he had decided needed to be done.
Cultivating wrath could be instrumental in bringing on failure.  Wasn’t productive.  It was often symbiotic with carelessness.  He could remember a coach from his college playing days, at UC, continually harping on mistakes being the bane of concerted effort, the joining of multiple parts performing as one.  Penalties.  Broken plays.  Missed opportunities.  Still remember him chewing me out for lining up in the wrong formation, he thought, laughing.  His laughs echoed in the tunnel under ground.  His refuge.  Hideout.  Below the sleeping city.
There was a precipitous drop off.  Infamy loitered not yards away.  Less than a football field.  His exploits would, eventually, reach the media, taking him out beyond the comfortable confines of Robin Hood robber.  Modern day Highwayman.  Charming in that way social media liked to glom onto.  New flavor.  Avalanche of “likes.”  Did you hear?  See?  Soon, he reasoned, Ouroboros would be smoked out.  Forced to reveal their immoral behavior.  With him as the star witness, and culprit.  Minds would reel.  Implode after judgment was measured then applied.
“Past that now,” he bellowed out, laughing, sending several rats scurrying for cover, right back into their holes in the cracked aging cement.  “Time for the big show.  Yeah, I am ready to do it.”  He thumped his chest a few times then did a little dance.  Captured by the allure of perceived revenge:  aggrieved conjoined with retribution.  Twin potent forces unleashed.  Orienting his sense of right and wrong.  Life’s axis.  Often fool’s gold for the mind.  Inviting.  Enticing.  Luring him towards a decision.  
Beat down the security apparatus.  Dismantle it.  See how they like living in a world where the sirens never stop.  Make it seismic.  Urgency on display.  Sense of well being belied by visual cues that scream in your mind.  The enormity of fear soon destabilizes the senses.  Live like all the others existing in your long shadow. 
And then it was handed to him.  From Becker, the archetypal nemesis.  A conversation on the street, on a cell phone, two people talking about the coming event.  Down by the river.  Another Ouroboros rollout taking place.  Must be important.  Do you want to go?  Sure, why not.  What time is it?  Standing on the roof of a building Isiah could hear clearly, as he looked down on the man on the corner.  Easy decision.   
Broad daylight.  Take on the forces, the power.  Isiah moved through the underground tunnels until he reached the end.  Climbing out.  Into the sunlight.  No one noticed.  Pedestrians passed by.  Unconcerned.  Indifferent to another black man in their midst.  The city went about its business.  Undetected, he made his way down to the Ohio River.  Lenses strained to see, as back at the command center ripples of alarm sounded.  “Got him!” one of the techs cried out, as the General hurried over to his monitor to see, get a glimpse of Virion.
“Damn, is that him?” he wanted to know, squinting, leaning in to see better.  “I guess I was expecting to see...to see some sort of monster or alien being.  Gotta get on the horn to Becker now.”
Dr. Becker was about ready to take the stage, standing off to the side mentally preparing for his appearance, something he had done countless times over the years.  Automatic.  Slip into sales mode.  Doing his verbal dance, launching words like bullets to find the bullseye.  By rote, really.  Tried and true.  His phone vibrated and he grabbed it out of his pants pocket to hear the excited, amped voice of General Tanner telling him Virion was on his way.  ETA, imminent.  
“I’m ready...we’re ready,” he told the General, scanning the small crowd that had gathered, noticing the usual battery of cameras being toted by the media.  Thinking:  spectacle, recorded, viewed by hundreds, thousands, eventually millions.  “My crucible to bear,” he mumbled, while exchanging glances with the head of security, who gave him a thumbs up gesture.  Even smiling, which seemed particularly odd under the circumstances.  Doesn’t he know we aren’t dealing with any mere mortal?  He wondered.  Not an enemy you have ever faced before.  
Isiah noticed the cameras but wasn’t concerned.  Not now.  Bring on Armageddon.  Flesh out the prophesy everyone is waiting for.  Let’s do this apocalypse thing.  Long list of grievances to address.  Looking for retribution.  Biblical atonement, in fact, if you want to label it.  As he brushed by two people on the corner, he noticed a few of the security personnel stationed across the street.  Could hear their radios transmitting as they traded updates.  He smiled.  Then dashed in between traffic and disappeared into the crowd converging on the location.  
Radio traffic crackled.  Lost him.  Where is he?  Anyone got eyes on Virion?  General Tanner greeted LT who had arrived late.  The two officers talked in lowered voices.  Around them the room buzzed with activity as reports flooded in.  Several cameras trained on the stage showed Becker ready to begin speaking, while the security team hurried to track down their target.  In his ear piece Becker was kept advised of the changing situation.  Slowly, inexorably, it seemed to be unraveling.  
Tyreke moved to the edge of the stage, off to the side.  He peered out into the crowd for a moment.  No one seemed to notice the heightened state of security, the armed men patrolling, another ordinary moment in modern day America.  He fingered the trigger guard on his assault rifle, a nervous habit he couldn’t break.  Mentally align, he told himself, repeating something one of his instructors had passed on to him.  Keep everything in focus.  Instinct can be the trip wire absent any training.  Experience.  Expertise came with parameters that could squeeze out effective response.  
Isiah had seemingly vanished.  There, then gone.  As he slipped down to the river’s edge and walked into the water a few blocks west of the event location.  Puzzled, the security team had fanned out to find him.  While LT busied himself at one of the monitors back at the command center, clicking from camera to camera, hoping to get a glimpse of Virion on the move.  As radio reports clashed.  Checking in.  
“Where is he?” the General demanded to know.  “Come on!  He was there a minute ago.”
“I got nothing, sir,” LT called out, as other technicians shook their heads and said they were coming up empty.  
“He couldn’t have just disappeared,” General Tanner shouted out.
“Hey, remember that Predator movie...where the alien can make himself invisible,” one of the techs called out, laughing.
“Not funny,” the General exclaimed angrily.  “Please tell me that’s not possible,” he said to LT, who shrugged his shoulders.  “What the hell,” he muttered.  
Isiah swam under water for yards and yards, easily moving against the current.  Undetected.  Staying down for ten, fifteen minutes at a time, resurfacing for a quick breath before plunging back under again.  Swimming right up under the bridge before surfacing.  Treading water for a moment, he scanned the riverside.  They had neglected to place any security personnel by the bridge abutment.  He swam up to the river edge and walked out of the water unseen.  From there he climbed up the stone bridge foundation and, hand over hand, made his way through the iron superstructure of the bridge until he was right under the road, next to the small roundabout that fed traffic across the bridge.  Clinging to the beams, he raised himself up and swung over the road railing.  In position.  Behind the squad of security that was watching the foot traffic coming and going, north to south, south to north, over the bridge walkway.  Moments later he was in the middle of the crowd assembled in front of the stage.  Blending in.  From that vantage point, he would be able to spring up on the stage in a few jumps.  
Becker slowly walked out onto the stage to rousing applause.  Normally, he wasn’t nervous.  At ease.  Used to public speaking, spreading the Ouroboros gospel to anyone who would listen.  Part of his job description, the face of the company.  Troubadour with a song to sing.  Who knew the lyrics by heart.  Knowing he was one of those rare scientists with a gift for communication to accompany his penetrating intellect.  Glib.  Able to persuade.  For many years he had been encrusting the corporation with a robust facade to withstand all manner of criticism.  From rivals.  The disgruntled.  A media eager to harp on the inevitable flaws that came with large entities that dealt in the public sphere.  Especially in pharmaceuticals.  Where the business landscape was often a crucible of backbiting laws that always seemed to turn in on themselves at the most inconvenient times.  Requiring legions of attorneys who fought tooth and nail to bend the will of the courts in one direction or the other.  
Now, though, that was all secondary to the mission at hand.  Quite nearly irrelevant.  He would have to put on a show like no other he had ever done before.  Like a barker on the street.  Enticing customers into the store, luring them in.  Just another carnival sideshow.  On display.  Please gawk all you want while I separate you from your money.  Simple dynamic.  Done throughout the centuries.  Here and everywhere.  
“Glad to see all you people here today,” he began, trying to steady his voice, his usual pitch.  Just glide in, he thought, remembering what his father had once told him about speaking in front of people.  Let your words descend.  Bolster your timing by hesitating for a moment.  Be comfortable at the mike.  Just having a one way conversation.  He looked out over the crowd, searching the faces, the black faces.  Mostly fans, as usual, he thought, noticing the usual devoted stare.  Enraptured.  Buying in.  Believing.  Choosing to accept Ouroboros, and Becker by proxy, as a beneficent force in the world.  “We at Ouroboros,” he continued, smiling now, speaking into the small microphone attached to his ear, “are on the cusp of something truly ground breaking.”  A smattering of applause rippled through the crowd.  
Isiah scanned the stage for a moment, turning his head from side to side to pick up on what the security detail was saying.  Exchanging updates among themselves.  Bewildered by his disappearance.  Grumbling from the command center in slightly hysterical tones.  Made him smile.  Your situational awareness is lacking, he thought, grinning.  Yet he knew it was only a matter of time before he was spotted, as his acute hearing picked up the distinct whine of a drone overhead, with its camera peering down, sending back the feed to the Ouroboros building.  His advantage was evaporating rapidly.
“Throughout the years we at Ouroboros have presented the public with many medicinal products that have proved to be advantageous for the health of people all around the world,” Becker announced, reaching back to his routine spiel, not unlike an unimaginative politician who always leaned on his favorite (and focus grouped) stump speech when needed.  Felt comfortable.  Effective too.  Lean on the legacy, it was forever a good tactic.  The world was contaminated and in need of a perpetual cleansing.  Mankind had always striven for an imperishable existence, untethered by physiological handicaps.  His mind whirled on, offering up more glossy dissembling.  Unhindered by gauzy integrity.  Long gone.  Under an avalanche of corporate speak.  Buried.  When the consequential is, more or less, negotiable.  While all the while a stern, persistent voice in the background was telling him:  This is your reckoning.  
As Tyreke stood off to the side wondering how he had gotten into such a surreal situation, as in alternate reality.  His mind continually attempted to process it all.  Who were these people standing out there?  There to worship, so it seemed.  He had only seen that vacant look the last time he had to attend one of those off brand religious services, where Jesus’ name had been lifted to the heavens, followed by cries of adulation.  Making him uncomfortable.  Reminding him of a special forces operator he knew who without fail produced a religious trinket of some kind from his pocket before every mission and said some prayer while holding it aloft.  Very dramatic.  Effective, to date.  
“Got him!” someone from the command center cried out, his words resounding through all of the headsets.  
“Where?” Becker demanded to know, clutching at the ear piece.
“I spotted him...left side of the stage...a couple rows in,” came the reply.
“My left or your left?” Becker screeched, as the security detail launched into their positions.
Too late.  Isiah had heard the radio report and was already moving.  A few steps and one bound and he was up on the stage.  Directly in front of Becker.  A few steps away.  Within reach.
“Told you I’d see you again,” Isiah stated, grinning.  “Not gonna get away this time.”
“Get him!” Becker cried out.
Several men scrambled across the stage.  Bedlam unfolded all around as the crowd hurried to flee.  Fearing the worst.  Dumbfounded policemen looked on, unable to assess what was happening before them.  Guns drawn, the security detail reacted too late.  Isiah latched onto Becker’s collar and lifted him up, whirling him around, using him as a battering ram to knock several members of the tactical force off the stage.  Fear had a way of galvanizing your attachment to reason.  Splintering it.  Reorienting the focus points.  Making pathways to results that became unpredictable.  
Face to face.  With Virion’s breath enveloping him.  Eyes glowing red hot with hate.  Becker tried to say something.  Anything.  Isiah methodically knocked man after man over as they rushed forward in an attempt to subdue the enemy, Virion.  
Tyreke was now forced to participate in the familial horror show.  Taking on a father, one who had been one in absentia all of his life.  No existing bonds.  And now, at this point, very little heredity links too.  More extraterrestrial with a chiseled appearance.  Chronologically indeterminate.  A living, breathing monster.
He racked his assault rifle and charged forward across the stage.  Dodging.  Prepared to fire.  Point blank.  Finally getting within an arms length to the target.  To Virion.  
Isiah whirled around to see the black man approaching.  Rifle leveled at him.  Grim expression.  He recognized him immediately.  With one final effort, he tossed Becker off the stage, snapping his neck as he fell onto the concrete walkway.  Father eyed son.  Son took aim.
“Tyreke,” Isiah exclaimed, smiling, “gonna shoot your dad?”
Surprised by being addressed, Tyreke paused for a moment, then replied, “If I got to.”
“Military man, huh,” Isiah offered, smirking.  “Like your grand daddy.”
“Don’t make me pull this trigger,” Tyreke stated, repositioning the rifle quickly for a better shot.
“Turned out pretty good,” Isiah sang out, laughing.  “Got that special uniform on and all.”
“Doing my duty,” he muttered, fingering the trigger nervously.  “I’ll empty this mag in you if I have to.”
“Oh yeah,” Isiah said, adding, “might have to, son.”
“Don’t call me that.  You don’t get to call me that,” Tyreke snapped back at him.  “Not you.”
“Oh, okay,” Isiah said, raising his hands over his head, laughing.  “I hear where you are coming from.  I do.”
“Do you?” Tyreke shot back.  “You don’t know shit.  Don’t deserve…”
“I guess you are right on that,” Isiah agreed.
“I should just waste you now.  Be the best for everybody,” Tyreke stated, sneering at his father.  “There’s no excuse for somebody like you.  Especially now.”
“Say what?  You mean you don’t like the new me,” Isiah joked, flexing his muscles for a moment.  “Looks like an improvement to me.”
“Mutant,” Tyreke mumbled.  
“Hey, don’t make me do something I might regret later on,” Isiah declared sternly.
“Did you say regret?  Are you kidding?  That’s a joke,” Tyreke exclaimed.
Instantaneously, in a flash, Isiah grabbed the rifle out of his son’s hands, tossing it into the river.  Tyreke grabbed for his side arm, as Isiah grabbed him by his combat web gear and wrestled the hand gun out of his hand.  He aimed it at his head and whispered, “Son, no time for apologies but I got to be getting on out of here.  Finished my business already.”
Tyreke struggled for a moment in his grip, then said, “They’re going to kill you.  Shoot you dead.”
“Might happen.  Might not,” Isiah told him, smiling.
Using Tyreke as a shield, he edged his way onto the bridge.   Police were lined up opposite him.  Guns drawn.  As General Tanner watched it all from the command room, zooming the cameras in for a better view.  Slowly, Isiah made his way along the side walk on the bridge, calling out to the police that he would shoot his hostage if they didn’t back off.  Give him room.  Once he made it over the river he stopped and pulled Tyreke closer to him while he got ready to jump into the river below.  Back to the sanctuary of the water.  Beneath the surface.  Escaping.  
“You won’t make it,” Tyreke said solemnly.  
“No other choice,” he replied.  
General Tanner turned to LT and asked him if they were in position.  He nodded.  The General took a look at the feed from the drone circling overhead for a moment.  Then he gave the go ahead order.  
Isiah smiled at his son and quickly climbed up on the bridge railing to dive into the river.  In the distance, faint, there was a rippling crackle from the sniper’s rifle.  The round penetrated Isiah’s forehead and he slumped over, then fell off the bridge.  Free fall.  Into the river.   Tyreke recoiled for an instant, then his instincts took over and he jumped.  Plunging.  Years of training took control.  
He resurfaced and immediately swam to where his father’s limp body was floating.  Latching on, he swam to shore.  Dozens of police greeted him as he dragged Isiah up on the bank of the river.  Already his body was regressing, transforming, restoring the years.  20-30-40-50…  An old man lay there.  Dead.  A forensic paradox.  Apotheosis in reverse.  
Tyreke looked down at the man, the body.  His father.  The arc of their putative relationship was scant.  Never materialized.  Lost to social pressure and disinterest.  His emotions seemed oddly vacant.  Gone.  In his career he had saved dozens of fellow comrades in arms.  Trained for it.  Derived sustenance from his goals that were detailed in his military job description.  Often under hostile fire.  In unpredictable situations fraught with peril, where the assessment of risk is overlooked.  Never paramount.  Although death is unassailable it has no potency.  None.  Logic has to be disrupted.  Kept on a short leash.  Like a stratagem with inscrutable instructions.  Leaving bravery to be always inherently elusive.  
No tears.  Just an awareness that he had fulfilled his task.  Got it done.  Cold, crystalline satisfaction.  Even now as he looked on the corpse and saw it transitioning back, back in time to show the true form of his father there was little to no recognition.  While the authorities pushed their way around him, a gaggle of reporters in tow, his mind, his thoughts were already receding as he walked away.  Retreating.  Finally stopping after he had gotten far enough in the distance.  Looking up at the hovering drone overhead, staring, knowing the General must be watching him.  And in the background sirens wailed as the chaos around the stage slowly subsided.  
