



Outpost Seven
Redemption

Joshua Clark



























This story is dedicated to the Granite Mountain Hotshots, who made the ultimate sacrifice to shield others from the flames.  Andrew Ashcraft, Robert Caldwell, Travis Carter, Dustin DeFord, Christopher MacKenzie, Eric Marsh, Grant McKee, Sean Misner, Scott Norris, Wade Parker, John Percin Jr., Anthony Rose, Jesse Steed, Joe Thurston, Travis Turbyfill, William Warneke, Clayton Whitted, Kevin Woyjeck, Garret Zuppiger.  May you rest in peace…






























Day 702
The Plunge

	The truth was too surreal to believe.  Half the crew tried to convince themselves it was a dream.  Their home for the last nine months in the form of an offshore oil platform was gone.  By coordinated efforts of their enemy, the rig was destroyed and sent beneath the Pacific.  In its place, naught but submerging debris and unabated flames spanned the surface area.
	In the seconds following its collapse, Robert Caldwell had fallen into a stress-induced coma.  Not the loss of his perfect home led to such an ailment.  Two of his best friends lost their lives defending the rig.  Rob witnessed his own blood relative fall to his death.  Any belief that Derek survived impact with the ocean surface dissipated seeing the damaged oil platform topple into the water from above him.
	There was no telling how long Rob would be inactive.  They hated to assume it could be permanent damage.  As strong as he may have been physically, mental capacity was different.  He’d been through trauma before, having dealt with the deaths of his parents in a plane crash, his considerable foster father in combat, and his wife and unborn child to a single bullet.  Death came full circle, always circling him in fits of rage and sorrow.  But this death was different.
	Long beforehand, Robert learned of a prophecy in moments previewing an afterlife.  The message detailed Rob being destined for greatness.  Those same words conveyed an opposite destiny for Robert’s misguided cousin.  Both he and Derek knew the latter would die and though Derek tried to deny it, the reaper wouldn’t be denied another soul.  It was only a matter of time.
	Once the majority of the structure was underwater, Corbin was convinced to lower altitude.  Lexie wanted to see some sign of life reaching out from the water.  But the darkness of night, even in a swell of illuminating oil fires, didn’t appease her sight.  Chad wrapped an arm around her shoulder.  She couldn’t fight it either.  Both Derek and Mitch were prominent figures in her life these days.  Their departure wouldn’t be easy to accept for anyone.
	Jacob Warren, former US Marine Corps Major, hated to be the speaker.  To cut the silence when it was most adored seemed cruel.  The reality came into play, however.  An enemy fleet wasn’t long, only having retreated enough to avoid suction from the descending remains.  They didn’t have time to waste on a lost cause. “Corbin!”
	“Yes, sir,” the pilot answered.
	“Get us out of here.  There’s nothing left.” The helicopter shifted forward without the pilot’s response.
	Staff Sergeant Chad Crawford wanted to stay optimistic. “Are you sure?”
	“Even if he survived that fall, the rig would have dragged him under.” Jacob sighed, “We need to be realistic.  Derek’s dead.” Acceptance was hard for him, too.  Robert had confided Derek’s fate to Jacob.  On top of that, a promise made ages ago never rang clearer in his ears.  Another two of the outpost’s original were absent.  Did he break his daughter’s promise?
	Dealing the final blow that subsequently set the platform’s downfall, vessels of San Clemente Island backed off to witness the show.  The cruiser ceased fire, as their only focus was on evacuations in the last few minutes.  The eleventh hour remained two hours too late.  Carver grinned wide, “You make the threats, my men carry them out.  I’m just ashamed it couldn’t be done sooner.”
	Miles shuffled uneasily, “Does this make you feel better?  Is your brother at peace now?”
	“You sound ashamed.  You neglect to see it as I do.  They drew the first blood.  We promised the repercussions would be severe.”
	“I hoped this could be settled on a more peaceful note.  After all, our faction and theirs have a common foe.”
	“Anyone who isn’t with us is against us.  It’s the way of our world.  The zombies aren’t a common foe.  More like a disease barring us from the mainland.  You need to choose your side, having a civilization to look after.” Carver unclipped a two-way radio from his jeans. “Scan the water for survivors.” As many ships as they lost in this attack, there were bound to be some men still clutching life by a thread. “And no,” Carver answered Miles. “I’m not content.  Not until I know my brother is at peace.”
	The flight had never been so quiet.  All eyes looked down on Robert strapped onto a stretcher.  How fast it had gone for the worst.  Two infantrymen, one an explosives ordnance expert, the other a firm believer in salvation…and an amateur marksman who had proven himself loyal and courageous, but with a corrupted parasite behind the veil.  All three taken away shadowing a trained sharpshooter dropped into a coma.
	Lexie Gibbs wiped her eyes.  She’d been hopeful for Robert opening up to her.  Minutes after their first kiss, his mind locked itself away from everyone and everything.  A strong hand encircled hers. “Are you okay?” Chad asked.
	Lexie faked a smile, “Yeah.  I’ll get through.”
	Chad smirked, “I’m here for you,” he leaned in for a kiss, but she turned away.
	“I’m sorry, Chad,” she looked into his eyes miserably. “You’re a nice guy.  But my heart belongs to someone else.” Chad was taken aback.  He folded his arms, the sickness of neglect registering silently.
	It felt like hours before the helicopter landed on a mostly desolate top deck.  Only Brooke was waiting, her seat in the grounded helicopter grown tired of the suspense.  Word had yet to reach anyone but those on Corbin’s Seahawk.  Word of the oil rig’s collapse, and the deaths of three brothers was only known to those onboard the landing aircraft.
	Brooke could tell something was different.  There were fewer bodies stepping off the bird than she remembered staying aboard the platform.  Lexie and Chad took care to remove one man from the craft, his body tightly clenched to a stretcher.  Brooke’s eyes went wide when she saw who it was. “Bobby?” She rushed alongside his still body. “What happened?”
	Jacob put his hands on her shoulders to face her directly.  Spreading the word was hard, but someone had to do it. “Mitch and Derek didn’t make it,” one of her palms braced over her eyes. “Rob unconscious.”
	“Is he going to be alright?” Her voice was breaking.
	Jacob shrugged, “I couldn’t tell you.  Derek was really important to him.”
	She sniffled, “He was important to all of us.”
	A flight of stairs later, Zack was returning to his quarters where Savannah had laid the baby down.  He was interrupted by quickly shuffling feet and had to duck into an adjacent room to avoid Chad running near full speed.  His arms were carrying the stretcher for someone Zack never expected to be. “Bobby?” he asked after Lexie and Chad passed by.  Seeing their leader in a stretcher was bad.  Strangely, there were no sufficient wounds or blood anywhere on his person.  What had caused his necessity to be in that stretcher?  He had to find out.
	Zack sprinted down the hall in pursuit, quickly arriving at the medical bay.  Mason was in the process of helping remove Rob from the stretcher and onto a bed.  Zack was compelled to join.  As the group of four set him down on the soft mat, his eyes sparked curiously. “What happened to him?” The young man asked.
	Lexie had a face reddened by grief.  She couldn’t muster the will to answer.  Chad chose to break the silence. “Derek didn’t make it.”
	The truth hit him harder than he thought.  While Zack and Derek had their differences and Zack couldn’t find anyone else to blame for Audrey’s death so long ago, the news of his death even brought him to tremble. “How?” Zack’s head spun and he needed to put a hand on the nearby counter to stay on his feet.
	“They sunk the platform.  We were waiting by the helipad, but the rig came down too soon.  He fell into the ocean.”
	Zack shrugged, “Did you look for him?”
	Chad shook his head. “There was no way he could have survived.”
	“Are you sure?  What if--”
	Lexie raised a hand, “The rig collapsed on top of him.” Her lips quivered as she spoke, “Zack, please.  Just let it go.  He’s gone.”
	A moment later, Brooke dashed into the room.  Her eyes locked on Mason, who was in the process of checking Robert’s vitals. “Is he going to be okay?”
	Mason took a moment to answer.  From basic training, he wasn’t full spectrum like Scott and only knew some of the basics.  Only problem in the matter, Scott had his hands full back in San Diego with Walter’s surgery lasting well into the next few hours.  Mason checked both of Rob’s eyes, gratified to see a retinal response to light. “We’re in luck.  I’m not an expert, but he’s responding to stimuli normally which means the coma isn’t very deep.  The most he’ll be under is a day or two.”
	“Thank you,” Brooke wiped a tear from her cheek.
	Mason sighed, “Don’t get ahead of yourself.  There’s nothing physically wrong with him from what I can see.  I’m not a neurologist though.  Something may have snapped inside to make him overload like he did.  Just speculation, but I’m not sure how well off he’s going to be once he wakes up.”
	From outside the door, Jacob had leaned against the wall to hear.  He couldn’t stand to look at Robert any more than he had to.  This undoubtedly devastated the young soldier.  Jacob had been through traumatic experiences in his life, enough so that the agony of his daughter’s mercy death didn’t burden him so heavily.  Jacob blamed it on the forewords of Nicole.  They’d been cemented in his head as soon as they were proven.
	After the young man finished his report, the Major stepped across the threshold. “Keep an eye on him, Private.  I want to be the first to know when he wakes.”
	“Understood,” Mason nodded his head.
	Jacob looked around to the others inside the bay.  Lexie was distraught about the recent happenings.  For every weep she made, Chad was constantly at her side.  Zack and Brooke also had heads hung low, the only two to know about Derek’s fall. “Three of us died this morning.  We need to respect their passing.” A few murmurs were exchanged in agreement before the grouping of five left the unconscious Robert to fight his internal battle.
	Jacob had to use the ship’s PA system to collect all of the outpost and several military personnel.  All were instructed to meet in the mess hall, one of the few places onboard large enough to accommodate all for the message to be heard.  But as the collective met, more than enough understood who lacked from their party.
	Miguel looked around worriedly. “Where’s Robert?”
	“Below deck.”
	“Why isn’t he here?” Angela asked.
	Jacob raised a hand. “It’s going to be tough for you to understand, so please don’t interrupt until I’m done speaking. ” He cleared his throat. “Less than an hour ago, the drill platform was scuttled.  During its destruction, three of our troop were lost.  Kyle Clemens, Mitchell Root,” he paused, letting the name absorb into the ears of those who knew him well.  Savannah staved off a whimper, but her eyes were welling regardless. “And Derek Moser.”
	The cries were apparent, even though most forced themselves to keep on a level head. “What about Rob?” Angela asked, “What happened to him?”
	“Following Derek’s death, Robert was traumatized and lapsed into something like a coma.  From what Mason says, it should only last a couple of days.”
	“So,” Zack pondered, “what do we do now?”
	“We bury our dead,” Jacob answered, “like any normal family would.”
	“No, I’m not talking about that.”
	“What are you talking about?” Melanie asked.
	Zack bit his lip, thinking how to word it. “They attacked us.  They killed our people.  How do we respond to that?”
	Savannah brushed his arm, in an attempt to settle his thirst for revenge.  She leaned over to whisper in his ear, “Don’t do this, Zack.  Please, for Abel.”
	“Who do you think I’m trying to protect?” Zack almost sounded offended.
	Jacob was sleep deprived and didn’t know how to answer. “It’s an impossible scenario, Zack.  When you compare us, San Clemente has ten times our numbers in trained soldiers.  We can’t just go to war with the biggest faction to ever be at odds with us.”
	“Where do we go, then?” Nobody had an answer for him.  Nobody, except one.
	“The outpost,” Brooke said to herself.  She unwittingly let her words be heard by others.
	“I thought we left the outpost to avoid a slaughter,” Melanie pointed out.
	“Sorry, I didn’t hear you blurting out anything.”
	“We’ll handle this problem later,” Jacob was stern. “We’ve still got the cruiser and the depot in San Diego.”
	“Do you think they know about us in San Diego?” Terrence asked.
	Jacob shrugged, “I can’t answer that.  They sent a coordinated effort and made sure the cruiser was out of striking distance before attacking.  They may have been keeping tabs on us since we got here.”
	“Strange,” Ben scoffed, “I was hoping we were due for some good news.”
	“Good news was last month, Ben.  It’s in short supply these days.”
	An aura of white enveloped the blackness of a dream.  He’d been here before, he knew it.  There was nothing to tell this place apart from his afterlife.  But what did Robert suffer of to reach this place?  He looked around, the movements of his body numb to the synapses in his brain.  He couldn’t feel himself.  Looking into his palm, the skin wasn’t fully there.  It was like a ghost’s apparition he had become. “Where am I?”
	His prison wasn’t one he had grown accustomed to, but beliefs that it was another visit to heaven swarmed in his mind. “You’re on vacation,” Nicole spoke from behind.  He swung his head back.  The rays of light were coming from her, resonating her figure in a luminous gold.  Her smile didn’t compliment her features this time, however.
	“How?”
	“Shock trauma.”
	“Derek’s gone.”
	“I know,” she reached out an arm to touch him.  Her palm was warm, the only thing he could feel in this vision. “You can’t put it on yourself, Bobby.”
	“Yes, I can.” Robert argued. “He was right behind me…and then he wasn’t.  I was responsible for him.”
	“Derek said he would beat this.  But you can’t cheat death indefinitely.” Nicole leaned forward. “I know what you’re thinking.  You can’t do it, not yet.”
	“I control my life.  Who says I can’t do whatever I want.  It’s my gun, I can put it to my head if I want to.”
	“Who would that serve?”
	Robert sighed, “Me.”
	“Rob, just listen--”
	“No,” Rob cut her off, “You listen.  I find myself digging up words that a dead man told me: Were we meant to outlive the undead?  I’ve killed living beings who would have done the same to me with not a care in the world for the person I am or the people I love.  I’ve watched as members of my family burned until there was nothing left but dust.  My heart only burdens hate for every day God keeps me alive.  Heaven or hell, the dead are in a better place than any of us hoping we see the sun rise again.”
	“Your perception is shaken.  Death can do that.”
	“Every night since this plague struck, I’ve dreamt about life before it happened.  I wish nothing more than everything could be a dream.  But in all my wishing, I learned something.  In dreams, you don’t feel pain, anguish, or fury.  In dreams, you don’t bury your wife and unborn child.  In dreams…you don’t wish you were dead.  My perception is clear, Nicole.  We’re all going to die.  It’s inevitable.”
	Nicole sighed deeply. “I’m sorry things had to be like this.  It was Derek’s fate, and there was nothing he could do to change it.   But your destiny is yet long.  They’re going to need you to deliver them from evil.”
	Robert nodded. “I’ll do what I must to protect my family.  But this is not a mission I will undertake for you.  I don’t know if you’re real.”
	“What does your heart tell you?”
	“My heart told me to jump out of that bird to save my brother.”
	Nicole bit her lip, “All hope is not lost, Robert.   The fire that burns in your soul will light the path to everyone’s salvation.  You don’t know it yet, and you won’t for some time.  But when you do, you’ll thank me.”
	Robert scoffed, “What reason would I have to thank you?”
	“Give it one week.  Then you’ll know without a doubt that I am real, and I have been here with you from the beginning.”
	The burning fire on the ocean was visible for miles.  Creaking metal submerged slowly, as pontoons and floatation rigs were severed by extreme weight.  The top of the drill sunk below the surface.  A head and shoulders rose from the murky water, the survivor taking a deep breath of air.  Derek’s head bobbed uselessly, as he tried simply to keep his mouth and nose afloat.  His arms wrapped around a fragment of pontoon, and he rested his head on it as darkness shrouded the flames.
	Derek’s head rolled back, giving him clear access to breathe. “I’m not dead yet.” He drowsily spoke in arrogance before his head dipped into the water again.

Day 702 Part II
Wake

	The surface of an ocean may have been miles away.  He could have sworn he was looking into the gates of hell.  The sounds beneath water echoed of muffled detonations, his vision of salvation corrupted by spewing flames.  Nothing could have survived the rig’s collapse.  But he did.
	All the strength was gone from his muscles.  His fingers were numb, his body going into shock from his time beneath the water.  Was drowning truly this peaceful?  The expectation of one’s death didn’t comfort a losing struggle.  He had but a few inches before a breath of air could be inhaled.
	The ocean rippled around the nearly dead body.  He didn’t have the strength to go on.  Rising again, the fading thumps of a departing helicopter didn’t bode well.  Those aboard must have believed him dead.  He failed to understand the extent to which he had been submerged.  By works of the sinking debris, suction had kept him out of sight until they had given up.
	Derek leaned his head against the splintered wood, struggling to breathe in the frigid water.  The world around was dark.  Despite the flames, his vision was distorted and blurry.  Only by work of a sheer miracle did he outlive a most certain death.  Hearing his only support leave with the aforementioned mindset, Derek wished he was dead.  There was nothing left to grasp, no reason to survive.  His judgment of an unforgiving enemy led to this point.  Derek laid his head down against the pontoon, as he felt his extremities grow cold to the touch.  It couldn’t be much longer now.
	Lights flashed over his face, bringing droopy eyelids to rise.  The first stages of hypothermia were setting in.  The floodlights weren’t coming from the cruiser.  Which meant it could only be an enemy.  Derek loosened his grip, subsequently slipping underneath the water again.  He didn’t hold his breath, but instead forced the intake of seawater.  His prayers were that it would guarantee his end.
	A distant splash didn’t cross his ears.  Little did he know, search and rescue teams were scouring the fields of debris for any survivors.  Whatever faction didn’t matter to them, so long as they were pulling live bodies out of the water.  In his damaged stupor, Derek barely felt the arms of a stranger loop under his.  A moment later, the cold air struck his lungs and forced out a cough.
	“He’s alive,” his savior yelled to a nearby speedboat.  As much as Derek tried to slip his face back beneath, the collector corrected and anchored him against his shoulder.  Derek didn’t have the muscle to break free of his much stronger counterpart.
	The boat took a slow journey on a path between the fiery oil slicks, eventually reaching the site where Derek should have died. “Get him onboard.” Three men lifted him onto the craft and set him down on the soft cushions of a seat.  Moments later, the fluorescence of flashlights spat across his peripheral again.
	“Do you recognize him?” One of them asked.
	“No.  I’ve never seen him before.” Other crafts pulled another fifteen or so sailors struggling to stay alive.  This was the only one who didn’t register a name.  A hand checked the pockets of his jeans and vest, soon enough to come across his wallet and driver’s license. “Oh, shit,” the examiner swore just loud enough for Derek to understand.  He slid his eyes open enough to see three people looking at his information.  They latched shut and he fell back into the darkness of a dream.
	“There’s only one Moser back at San Clemente,” another spoke up, “and she’s not him.”
	“This is the one who claimed to have killed Dylan.”
	“Carver’s gonna enjoy this.”	
	Everything felt strange, distant.  Nothing looked real, nothing sounded familiar.  A lifeless head bounced left and right, facing a slick surface with moisture deposits at bowls in the plateau.  An endless stream of thick water trailed from his sodden boots scraping along the floor.  Vision was blurred trying to develop the scant light sources of this unfamiliar setting.  One misnomer recovered from the wreckage.  It dropped on the steel floor, the head of his body banging loudly.  He didn’t react, he was too weak.  Every ounce of energy expelled during his violent fight with the rig’s suction under the Pacific Ocean.  None was left when he returned to the surface.  Not enough to even stay conscious.
	“This was the only one?” A thick voice pierced the darkness.
	“Yes, sir,” replied one of the men who carried him aboard.
	The man grunted. “I could have sworn we’d do more damage than that.”
	Derek was kicked onto his back, spitting a few drops of blood from his mouth.  His breath was labored as he opened his eyes.  Above him a black sky enveloped in the full moon’s light.  Every star glittered in the night. “You didn’t do a damn thing to our people,” Derek spoke from a weak tongue.
	“I recognize your voice.” Derek didn’t want to focus in on his surroundings.  He wanted to stay in the ocean and drown.  At least have suffered a painful death for a righteous end.  Not here, not in this place. “You are Derek, the one who has executed our people.  You killed my brother.” Derek’s stomach lurched in a deep sense of fear.  He hadn’t the strength to fight his way out, nor would he muster it.  Outnumbered, unarmed, without a bit of fight in the world, and worst of all trapped in the clutches of the men he waged war against. “I should put you out of your misery now…show you how decent I can be.”
	“Do it,” Derek heard himself say before he could think.  Thinking was long gone from the picture by now. “Prove yourself right.”
	Carver leaned over, gripping Derek by the hair and lifting his head and shoulders off the ground.  His arms and legs didn’t respond.  He’d already strained and torqued every muscle in his body trying not to drown.  Three minutes he was under the ocean, swallowing seawater and dehydrating within inches of judgment.  By the time Derek found something to keep him afloat, he’d denied his ability to survive.  The man fell into a sleep, waiting for the cold hand of death to take him.  Misfortune never favored the ones who had nothing to lose.  The evil stare pierced his dull eyes. “No.  By the time I’m done with you, you’ll have seen enough of the afterlife to start calling me God.”
	Derek was released from the man’s grip.  Alone he laid silently on the base of the freighter’s cargo hull.  The last time he saw the outpost, they were watching him go down with an enormous floating home.  The wreckage didn’t look survivable from here.  Not even Rob could be sure he was alive.  But no longer could he let fate take him.  The men who fished him out of the water would assure he lived as long as they wanted to destroy him mentally and physically.  Every action had a repercussion.  These were the sins being delivered as a result of Derek’s violent ways.  Judgment was to be delivered. “Where’s Miles?” Derek spoke through hoarse lungs. “I thought he was running the show.”
	The leader of the pack spit down on his prisoner. “Miles controls the operations on the ocean surface and San Clemente.  I take care of all the problems beneath the surface…namely you.  Can’t much remember my first name, so people just call me Carver.” Carver signaled to one of the men by jerking his head to the right.  In a matter of moments, the young man returned with a heavy bag.  Carver reached in through one of the pockets, withdrawing a strange looking metallic object. “They call this the thumbscrew.”
	Derek didn’t bother looking up.  This was the first of it, no time was spent staring at the devices that would be used against him.  Silently, his right hand was jerked from above.  His right index finger was impressed tightly in the instrument.  Derek closed his eyes, waiting to fight the agony as it came. “I’m going to rid you of that menace you call a trigger finger.” With the snap of the proximal phalanx in his index finger, Derek screamed from the tool completely snapping bone in two.  He fought pure agony with putrid breaths, fighting the swell of pain as it ran through his hand.
	Laying his head on the floor while the initial burst of suffering subsided, Derek felt the bone-crushing device slide upward to the middle bone of the same finger.  He forced anger upon himself, clenching his teeth and hoping the emotion would do better than simply waiting for it.  As the next bone snapped, he realized it didn’t taper the nerve endings screaming.  While summoning the same level of rage to this new part, the initial wound revived and amplified the pain that much more.  His screams echoed into the night through the hull of the ship and reverberating on the floor for him to hear again.  His breath slowed.  Take it as it comes, he forced into his mind.  It’ll all be over in time.  For the first time in his life, Derek considered his life would come to a close.
	The brutality of his torture went on for more than ten minutes.  His anguish didn’t extinguish for a single moment.  Not just his right hand suffered, but his left as well.  To assert control, they took everything he could use against them.  Without a firearm, he was useless.  Without a hand, he was nothing but flesh and broken bones.  Shock was a given with this much pain being dished out.  Carver stopped. “I don’t want to leave you catatonic.  There’s too much I have to learn about your people.” The man delivered a wide grin, leaning down to face his prisoner directly.
	Derek spit in Carver’s eye, “You’ll get nothing out of me.”
	Carver launched a boot into Derek’s chest.  A rib cracked under the weight of steel toes and left him short of breath. “I broke something,” he said to a nearby henchman. “Tell me where your people went and I’ll make this a lot smoother.”
	“I gave you a reason to kill me.  So do it, already.”
	Carver laughed, “Beg like the dog you are and I’ll make it quick.”
	Derek clenched his teeth, fully expecting a retaliation for his next words. “Fuck yourself.” The boot didn’t meet his body this time, instead crossing the side of his face and dislodging a tooth.
	“I knew there was a fighter in there somewhere.  You would have died in the water if there wasn’t.  But I still have questions.”
	“I won’t betray my people.”
	“Your people?  Your people abandoned you and left you for dead.”
	“They wouldn’t do it unless they knew I was dead.  If you’re still after the Mobile Bay, forget it.  I won’t let you use me to barter for it.”
	“The Mobile Bay,” Carver let it sink in. “I ran an op on her a while back.  She’s a beautiful ship.”
	“Better than yours,” Derek insulted.
	Carver laughed, “Even on his deathbed, he’s cracking jokes.  I wouldn’t trade you for the ship.  You killed my blood, I can’t allow you to walk away from that.”
	“You almost killed my brother,” Derek growled. “I returned the favor successfully.”
	“I expect a retaliation following this incident.”
	“There won’t be a retaliation against a faction of four thousand.  We don’t have the manpower, even with the marines--” he cut himself off, eyes wide at the information he unleashed.
	“The marines?” Carver raised an eyebrow. “You mean Rayburn’s marines?” Derek shook his head quickly, though the truth was well known. “You’re a horrible liar.”
	“I get that a lot,” Derek clenched his eyes shut.  A slip of the tongue. “What are you going to do to them?”
	“I’m not going to tell them we pulled you out of the water.  Your survival can be our little secret.” Carver turned about. “Let’s get home,” he said to his second as soon as the door slammed behind. “Tomorrow we’re going to San Diego.”

Day 703
Wandering Eyes

	Marine Corps Recruit Depot San Diego didn’t bear the same tone as any other day.  PT was cancelled following the disaster at sea.  A time of reflection for the loss of three of their new acquaintances.  While faces were still fresh, tragedy was no stranger to any of them.
	Brigadier General Thomas Rayburn leaned down to collect a bottle of Scotch from his private stash.  A quick pour and he slid the glass to the other end of his desk. “Never usually let people in my office unless they’re important enough.”
	Jacob picked up the drink offered him. “See you haven’t changed much.”
	“Figured you’d want somebody relative.”
	“The small click I mingle with seemed to have vanished.  Derek’s dead, Rob’s brain dead, Walter…”
	“He’s gonna be alright, Major.” Tom took a swig. “That’s a hell of a surgeon you got on your hands.”
	“Still not as good as the last one.”
	Tom didn’t wish to pursue the subject. “Your people are lost.  I can see it in their eyes.”
	Jacob scoffed, “Sorry, General, they’re not as used to death as your men.”
	“This late in the game, why not?”
	“They’re citizens, not soldiers.”
	Tom shrugged, “This is the land of the dead.  Everyone’s a soldier.”
	Jake shrugged, the comment drawing a smile across his face. “That may be true in your eyes.  But these people aren’t them.  We moved out of the mountains when it got too rough.  Hell followed wherever we went.”
	“What were you hoping to find in San Diego?  White beaches and blue waves?  No matter where you went it was going to be hell.  When are you going to figure that out?”
	“Not until it kills me, Tom.”
	Rayburn laughed. “You’ve still got that dry sense of humor, Warren.” He took another drink. “That’s why I like you.”
	“I never asked anyone to like me, sir.  I only got popular with a lucky bullet.”
	“What are you going to do?” Tom asked the question riddling him most.
	Jake slid his jaw uncomfortably. “Not a damn clue.”
	“Want some advice?”
	The Major chuckled nervously, “I’d hate to ask the opinion of a fellow leatherneck.  The only thing we set as a trend is murder.”
	Tom scoffed. “Stay here for a little while.  Least until you get a clear head.”
	“I appreciate the sentiments--”
	“I’m not being friendly Warren, I’m being realistic.  I’ve trained a lot of soldiers over the last few years.  And if anyone needs training, it’s them.”
	Jacob took a swig, “That’s not an option, sir.”
	“It’ll have to be--”
	“Tom!” Jake rose to a stand. “There are warriors and there are civilians.  I will not allow civilians to put themselves in the line of fire to defeat a plague that cannot be stopped!”
	“What makes you so sure it can’t?”
	Jacob slammed a fist on the desk, “I lost my daughter!  I lost my brother!  Those people are all I have left!  And one by one, I watch them die!  I made a promise to protect them, not send them to their deaths!”
	Rayburn nodded, a grin spreading over his face. “Strange you need to yell to get your point across.”
	“I’m not going to allow it, stop prying.”
	Tom tipped his glass entirely down his throat.  After a stiff grunt, he let out a small cough. “There’s no arguing with you, is there?  Even as a recruit, you were a pain in the ass.”
	A shrug, “What can I tell you?  Warren the warrior waging war for the win.”
	“Let’s take a walk.  See how Walt’s doing.”
	Three minutes, a short step outside back into an adjacent building led the two into a sick bay.  All but one bed was empty, save the one bearing Walter surrounded by more than half a dozen Army fatigues.  Among them were the medic Sergeant Scott Myers and Staff Sergeants Michael Logan and Chad Crawford.  All carried heavy hearts, but high expectations of the surgery’s success.  At the very moment, Walt’s eyes were peeling open, the anesthetic finally worn off.
	His first breath uttered pain, “You think you guys could just let nature run its course for once?”
	A number laughed in response to his remark.  Chad laid a hand on Walter’s shoulder, “We didn’t know what we were going to do without you.”
	“Yeah,” Mike growled, “all things considered.”
	Walt’s eyes went wide. “What happened?”
	Everyone was hesitant to speak.  Jacob chose to volunteer. “San Clemente hit us.  A lot harder than before.  We lost the rig.”
	Walter felt the urge to get on his feet, but his injuries and the stitches were still too recent.  He staved off his intolerance with a marked grunt. “Casualties?” He hated to ask, but it was the only question up in the air.
	“Three,” Jacob looked at the floor. “Kyle, Mitch, and Derek.  After the attack, Rob lost consciousness, they say it was a stress overload.”
	Walter was agonized to hear the names.  Words never hurt so much to hear. “Damn it,” he pressed a hand over his eyes. “I’m responsible for this.”
	“Don’t say that--”
	“It’s true,” he cut Chad off. “Robert told me it was only a matter of time.  But I ignored him.  I wanted to kill, he wanted to survive.  Now three more of us are dead.”
	“You can hold yourself accountable as much as you want, First Sergeant.” Tom replied. “The past is past, nothing’s going to change it.  What matters is how you’re going to affect the future.”
	“You say it like we have a future.” Walter couldn’t be consoled.  In his heart, the rig’s destruction happened because of his machinations.  If the cruiser had been present, the hostile demolition operation could have been stopped.  If Walter hadn’t been so hungry to strike the zombies, perhaps three of their fellow comrades would still draw breath.
	A pair of hollow eyes slid open.  It’d been more than a day since Robert had lost consciousness.  One thing remained true in his mind, whether asleep or awake.  Looking around for Derek waiting at his side wasn’t worth it.  Robert watched him die. “Doc?”
	Mason, who had spent the last few hours reading into a paperback novel, was on the verge of falling asleep when the words aroused.  The kid jumped to his feet and quickly navigated the few steps to reach Robert’s side. “Good evening, Bobby.”
	Rob sighed, “I suppose I didn’t miss a lot.” In his frame of mind, he’d only been knocked out for the duration of his short conversation with Nicole.  A conversation corrupted by his own though process.  The woman he saw in his dreams wasn’t the same as the one he’d seen narrowly averting death.  Thus, her words fed on his mind and promoted the same belief instilled into everyone aboard the chopper.
	“Not a lot happened since you got the lights knocked out of you last night.”
	“Last night?” Rob pressed a palm over his forehead. “Didn’t feel that long where I was.” He sighed deeply, tears welling in his eyes.  He never had the opportunity to mourn. “How did everyone take it?”
	Mason sighed deeply, “Couldn’t tell you, Rob.  I’ve been playing babysitter since you got here.  They’ve been anxiously waiting for you to wake up, that’s all I know.” He hadn’t suffered a mortal injury according to Mason’s statements.  Nothing hurt him physically.  Everything was breaking him mentally.  Robert set a foot on the floor, to which Mason extended an arm out. “Take it easy.”
	“Why?” Robert asked. “There’s nothing wrong with me.”
	“As far as we know.  Who says you didn’t get brain damage?”
	“You’re the senior physician onboard, you tell me.” Robert slapped the hand away. “I’ll be fine.” He quickly left the room.  Of all the people he didn’t want to see letting it out, it had to be a younger and less experienced recruit.  Just outside of the room however, both hands clenched over his eyes.  He turned the next corner before setting his back against the wall and his legs gave out.
	He stifled the sobs, but the tears could not relent.  A cousin to him relatively, a blood brother to their struggles.  Death struck again, as Nicole spoke so long ago.  Why couldn’t it be a dream?  Why did Robert have to suffer through the lives and losses of so many good friends and keep his own mortality at bay?  It didn’t make sense.  But did it ever to begin with?
	Not long after Robert started to grieve, a familiar face turned the corner.  Brooke silently sat beside him and circled an arm behind his shoulders. “Hey,” she whispered into his ear.
	Robert sniffled and wiped his eyes before making eye contact. “Yeah?” He asked, trying to keep a friendly demeanor despite the recent turnings.
	“I’m sorry about Derek.”
	Rob nodded. “He was right behind me.  I don’t know what happened.”
	“Perhaps he was ready.” Brooke assumed.
	“Ready?  Ready for what?”
	Brooke took a deep breath. “Perhaps he was ready to die.  Ready to end it.  Tired of living a life where all he knew was lost.”
	Rob shook his head, “The last time I almost died, Nicole told me something.  She told me he was going to die, and that I’d be helpless to stop it.”
	“You speak to Nicole?”
	“I spoke to her spirit on a few occasions.  It seems she only had good news when she was alive.”
	“So it came true,” Brooke patted his shoulder. “No use beating yourself up over something you couldn’t prevent.”
	“I know Derek wouldn’t give in.  He learned about her prophecy and promised himself he’d outlive it.”
	“Life is a frail thing.  Nobody can cheat death.  They can only prolong it.”
	Robert chuckled. “Nobody can cheat death…but I died twice and came back.”
	“I remember a long time ago, you said to me the only constant was death.  But I stand by my word.  The only constant is change.”
	“I’m not seeing a lot of changes so far.”
	Brooke scoffed. “What about the marines?  What about Troy, Cassie, and Gus?  What about the cruiser, San Diego, everything else we came across over the last year?  What about Abel?”
	Robert clenched his teeth, “The reason we came to San Diego was to avoid slaughter.  That decision cost us four lives.”
	She sighed, “You’ve been through a lot.  A lot of the things you’re saying, you don’t understand.  Give it time.”
	“Is that a luxury we can afford?”
	“No,” Brooke shook her head, “but we’re already in debt, what’s another luxury?” Robert let a grin come to his face.  He watched Brooke to her feet. “We’re going to be okay, Bobby.  I know because you’re with us.”
	Several miles offshore, a single yacht slowed to a stop. “We’ll anchor here,” the driver stated. “How long you intend to be in there?” He turned his head to ask the closest person.
	In charge of the four person team, a muscular man with a layer of gray hair shrugged. “An hour, maybe two.”
	“Don’t take too long, Harry.  That Navy ship is going to pick up our signal before long.”
	“That’s why you’re stopping this far away.  From here, my team will insert via raft.  Last report had the ship going into San Diego Bay.  I doubt they’ve gone on a field trip this soon.” Harrison stepped out of the cabin, where he soon laid eyes upon three men wearing matching uniforms and fitting suppressors to identical rifle systems. “Everyone good?” His question was positively answered three different ways, suggesting they weren’t uniform to military standards any longer.  At last word, the skills of military indoctrination remained.
	He led the crew of four below deck, where a map outlined the mission template. “I’m guessing we’ve reached the staging area,” another of his team stated aloud.
	“Affirmative,” Harrison cleared his throat. “From this point on, we move in by raft.  Stick by Point Loma until we’ve entered the bay.  Our priority in this recon op is the Marine Corps base, not the Navy ship.  Once we’ve entered the bay, our course will take us north.  The northernmost inlet is where we’ll dock the raft.  It’s a smooth quarter mile to the objective from there.”
	“Rules of engagement?”
	“Most definitely,” Harrison answered immediately. “In the unlikely case we’re discovered, we won’t have the ammunition or resources.  Do not fire unless fired upon, it’s not our job to kill people yet.” A moment of silence passed. “Any questions?”
	“Why aren’t we going straight for the ship?” The last member of their team finally spoke up.
	“Because we’d be going in blind.  There’s no telling how many soldiers are onboard that ship.  A four man squad can only do so much on unfamiliar territory.  Our primary orders are to check the population of the ground base and its defenses.” The room went eerily silent. “Let’s move.”
	The flat landscape of a vast ocean didn’t last long.  In the silence and darkness of the city, night vision enhancements weren’t strange to these soldiers.  It’d been the darkest any of them had ever seen, and even brought a chill to run down their spines.  Soon enough, the craft veered hard left into the mouth of San Diego Bay.  A half moon illuminated none of the city but all of the surrounding water.  One advantage, they could navigate the bay without the risk of running aground.
	Skimming across the water slowed in an instant.  The cruiser was in their line of sight, illuminating the black mass less than a mile away from them.  In order to maintain stealth Harrison cut the engine throttle by more than half.  They weren’t in a hurry, though.  In their minds, they had all night to get this job done.  But given their skill set, a job without gunfire didn’t seem like a job worth working.
	A bridge loomed above, and shortly after dry land took up either side of a shallow inlet.  Harrison looked every direction before comforted to push the raft’s throttle up again.  It was a short trek down the inlet to find a dock filled with lifeless vessels.  Everything was lifeless these days.
	Harrison dismounted by jumping onto the dock. “Keep quiet, keep low, we’ll be back home before dawn.” The zodiac was tied off to the dock before the squad moved as one into uncharted territory.  Barely on solid turf, Harrison reminisced at the sight of more than a dozen commercial airlines sitting idly.  No pilots to fly them meant the vibrant aircrafts died a slow and boring death.
	They moved in a quick, fluid fashion across unkempt desert and grassy plains.  And shortly thereafter, two layers of fencing were immediately visible encompassing the interior of the Marine Corps Recruit Depot.  A security gateway was obstructed by layers of concertina wire.  There was little to see from this angle if anything.  This late at night, most of its occupants would have retreated indoors.
	Harrison led his squad to the edge, where the walls blocked off all but the smallest views inside.  They only needed a hole to look through with a magnified scope to make progress.  His viewfinder slid from one edge of his peripheral to the next.  Not a lot of light since the enhancement goggles didn’t flare up at all.  On the grounds a military grade utility helicopter was visible.  Around it a unit of four or five talking amongst themselves.  It was common logic to keep an eye on the most sensitive technology, as it was for watching any access route into the base. “Split up,” he ordered. “Keep your distance and look out for watchtowers.”
	Three blocks away on the roof of a three story building, a rifle barrel slung under a tarp.  Gordon Welker, former San Diego SWAT, recently avoided death or capture.  But replacing the fulfillment of another day of freedom, he no longer had the company of his team.  Welker’s team never took a single casualty until a couple days ago.  In response to firing on that platoon, the military exchanged protocol with thirst for blood.  Now the silence was killing him more than famine.
	The last night was cold, but this one felt colder.  He had stuck it out inland more than 50 miles, too fearful of what might be waiting for him back on the beach.  Alone in the wild didn’t seem so bad until the wild consisted of a rampant plague.  Nothing inland would sustain him if he stayed on his course.  On the other hand, the ocean kept a constant supply of food and water.  He had nowhere else to go but into one circle of hell versus another.  In this inferno at least he had some sense of bearing.
	Something was off about this night.  Those uniforms didn’t look like the standard issue fatigues he’d been staring at all day.  A four man team separated into pairs, one going south, the other north.  The reality struck him, they were at odds with another faction.  A faction that came from sea no doubt, there were no more on the ground.  One of the faces rang a bell.  He knew these warriors as former allies with his.  Gordon couldn’t bear life on an island, especially with its fascist military organization.  It didn’t take six months after the bomb for him to go back to the mainland.  He paid extra attention to the closest team for as long as he would have visibility.
	Staff Sergeant Logan entered the lounge where Melanie had fallen asleep on the couch.  Mike took a bottle of water and let the relief flow over.  He thought his commanding officer wouldn’t survive, which led to his own quest for vengeance.  He lightly sat on the couch so not to wake the young lady.
	It was an unsuccessful attempt.  Melanie was always a light sleeper.  She stretched her arms and yawned. “Walt make it?”
	Mike nodded, “Yeah.  We lucked out.”
	Melanie rose to a sit beside him. “I think Scott picked up a few things from Danny.”
	Logan looked at her uncomfortably, “I thought you didn’t talk about Danny.”
	“Rare circumstances,” Melanie nodded.  In truth, the most malicious days spanning the last two years were drowned out by weeks or even months of silence and peace.  People didn’t seem to die that often once they came to San Diego.  Not counting the events of yesterday.
	“Let’s talk about you.  You knew those guys from the outpost, right?  You worked there?”
	Melanie shook her head, “I didn’t work there.  We found the camp about a week after the bomb.”
	“Yeah,” Mike nodded, “But you still knew them, didn’t you?”
	“Mitch and I never really hung out.  We were decent friends, but I didn’t make the effort to know him as well as I could have.” She hesitated. “As for Derek,” another pause.  She shook her head reluctantly. “I thought he was a good guy.  But he made a bad decision, killed a lot of people.”
	“We all kill a lot of people--”
	“I’m not talking about zombies or other killers.  People who didn’t deserve to die.  Women and children.”
	Mike clicked his teeth. “I’d say it did them a favor.”
	“What?” Melanie was astonished.
	“Plato said ‘only the dead have seen the end of war.’ This is a war, the times we live in.  And it’ll never end.  Not in our lifetimes, anyway.  Do you think people would want to bring kids into this world?”
	“I believe it’s their right to decide.” She tilted her head, “Zack and Savannah had Abel.  Do you think they want to give Abel this world?  No, but they’ll do it anyway.  It’s core to human anatomy, Mike.  The struggle to survive, to keep the human race intact.”
	“And because Savannah couldn’t get an abortion.” Logan pointed out sarcastically.
	Melanie chuckled. “There’s something you probably don’t know.  Robert’s wife was pregnant when she died.”
	“I do know about it,” Mike nodded, “it’s tragic.”
	“So you should understand.  Rob needed this.  Nikki never got the chance, but the others he protected did.  It meant something to him.”
	The developing situation outside didn’t arouse any of the insiders.  As there was nothing to cause them alert.  After more than fifteen minutes checking the perimeter, it was clear there was no ground level entryway that hadn’t been sealed off.  Harrison regrouped with his team at the dock where the raft was idling.  They left without further comment, careful to keep quiet leaving the bay.
	Gordon watched the vessel retreat beyond his visible range through the scope.  During the outsiders’ field trip, he didn’t see them plant anything or set any equipment up.  They were in and out before a screw up or a good eye could manifest.  Simple reconnaissance mission.  The man laid his head on the floor, his mind delving for a proper way to address his witness.
	The game changed dramatically since his last encounter with Outpost Seven.  He didn’t even know if Jacob saw his face during that chase.  It was an uncomfortable risk to settle.  He was alone, and while solitude comforted some, it could make others go crazy.  Gordon was one of the latter.  He hadn’t eaten in more than a day.  Pale skinned, dry mouthed, little but the Remington 700 in his arms and the M1911 on his waist to ease his tension.
	There was no decision to be made.  He was once a foe to these strangers, and long ago had taken the life of one of their more talented and conserved characters with no care for who he was or what he did.  Keeping that a secret wasn’t hard to manage, so long as the one variable of Jacob recognizing him didn’t pan out.  Of course, he had to take care of one other matter.  The Remington produced a gunshot, and every gunshot was individual.  That sniper would be able to recognize his.  Leaving the weapon, he stepped into the building’s staircase and started his descent.

Day 704
Picking A Side

	Gordon dwelled during his journey.  He hated to think these might be his last minutes.  Humans were unpredictable in times like these.  On top of that he was delving for a story of his origins, one that wouldn’t compromise his past.  If they learned anything about his true person, he wouldn’t stand a chance.  Considering he wanted a full time commitment to this faction, the memories had to be cleansed of his psyche.
	The Lieutenant walked southbound on a direct course for the north security checkpoint leading into the military complex.  Fifty feet from the gate, he relinquished a sidearm and fired a single shot in the air.  The reaction wasn’t as instantaneous as he predicted, but through the gate he could see a response underway.  Several voices yelling back and forth about a shot being fired.  Confusion, most wondering where the bullet came from.
	Gordon fired another bullet, this one giving curious soldiers a vector.  He put the pistol in his other hand, held by the barrel so he couldn’t shoot it.  Both of his hands stretched above his head as he continued his walk.  Every step was a mile to walk, the belief in an instantaneous death embraced but not digested.
	About five hundred feet away, Jacob stepped out of the door with his rifle raised.  The reports were coming in from at least a dozen different witnesses.  Everyone seemed to have the same description regarding the shot’s location.  The second was confirmation to every report.  Barely out the door he could hear boots on the concrete all around him, fire teams hurriedly taking up positions to defend. “Is anyone hit?” Jacob asked Lexie just as she sprinted past.
	She shook her head, “Negative.” The look in her eyes wasn’t fear, it was anger.  Lexie wanted blood, a feeling she only achieved in these last two days following Robert’s incident.  She had yet to receive word of Robert’s recovery.  Nobody on dry land had heard the news.
	“I see one man,” Sam Lockwood reported over the radio.
	Jacob unclipped his radio, “Is he armed?”
	“He’s got a pistol, but both of his hands are raised.”
	Shortly behind Jacob, Thomas had a fresh cigar between his lips. “How do you want to approach this?”
	“I’ll tell you when you give me one of those cigars.”
	Tom laughed, “I only smoke them on special occasions.” The two walked toward the gate in a reserved manner.  Neither were afraid.  The gunfire didn’t multiply exponentially, there was no return fire in either direction, and the zombie threat in this metropolis was practically extinct.  No need to worry.
	Jacob chuckled, “Every time I see you, you’re puffing another.”
	“What can I say?  You must be a special someone.”
	“That,” Jacob scoffed, “or you run a tobacco cartel.” The two continued in silence until at the edge of the gate.  Standing out in the darkness, one silhouette among the black. “State your name,” Jacob yelled through the bars.
	“Lieutenant Gordon Welker!” Gordon yelled in response.
	Jacob pondered the rank, “What branch?”
	“San Diego SWAT!” The officer shifted his eyes in either direction.  He could vaguely outline people looking back at him.  How careful were they with their trigger fingers, the only question Gordon was asking himself over and over.
	Jacob sent Tom a look.  The Brigadier General shrugged uncomfortably.  He didn’t know how to take it in either.  Jake cleared his throat. “Where’s the rest of your unit?”
	Gordon hesitated. “They’re all dead.”
	It made Jacob recollect his thoughts.  Of a four person unit, only one escaped a most painful death.  Even in a city formerly occupied by 1.2 million people, one freelancer roaming the streets wasn’t generous for Jake to accept.  His sixth sense was tingling. “Step closer.”
	Gordon did want to hear this, but at the same time he didn’t.  Fate could end him in the blink of an eye.  He would rather be a casualty of war than a casualty of karma.  Unsteadily, he set his first foot forward.  It was easier to walk when momentum was on his side.  Another ten steps put him right outside the gate, directly facing Jacob.  A flash of light ran over his face and made him squint.
	Rayburn folded his arms, “What’s your story?”
	“After the bomb, I headed out to sea with several fellow officers.  We took shelter on San Clemente island.” The understanding made Jacob draw his gun, but Tom put a hand on his wrist.  Gordon swallowed his fear, “I can leave,” he forced himself to utter a trace of horror.
	Tom shook his head, “Keep talking,” he pushed Jacob’s revolver away from a kill shot. “We’ll decide if you can leave.”
	Gordon took a deep breath in an attempt to exaggerate his worry. “A couple weeks back, I had a disagreement.”
	“What kind of disagreement?” Jacob asked.
	Gordon dug for an excuse. “Key figures wanted my team to assault a hostile forward staging area,” he pointed his finger to the ground, “here.  When I refused, they gave us an ultimatum.”
	“Key figures?” Jacob dug again. “Prove it.”
	“Chief Petty Officer Charles Westwood ran offensive operations for the island.  He was a Navy SEAL, so him and a cop like me never met eye to eye.  Wish the rest of my department could have seen him for what he really was.”
	“I’ve never heard of a Charles out there,” Jacob pointed out.
	“You wouldn’t.  I only know that name digging up history.  Nowadays, he goes by the pseudonym he crafted after his trade.”
	“What trade?”
	“Back in the day, he used advanced interrogation techniques to get information.  He started calling himself Carver.” Jacob’s weapon twitched.  Perhaps there was some truth to this guy after all.
	“So,” Tom shrugged, “is this your ultimatum?”
	“No,” Gordon shook his head, “we were told to either attack you, or all of us would be killed.  As stubborn as I was, I refused.” He paused for dramatic effect. “I was the only one who make it off that rock.”
	“Your story has a few holes,” Jacob pointed out. “But we know Carver.  We suffered an attack two days ago.  The oil platform many of ours lived upon was sunk and three of our people were killed.”
	“Tell me,” Tom stepped in, “what is your reason for visiting us today?”
	“I’ve had my eye on this base ever since I reached the mainland.  Figured it was worth checking out, since Carver was so interested in it.  But besides a warm meal and a soft pillow to rest my head, I’ve a more critical message.”
	“What?” Tom asked.
	“Just because my squad didn’t attack doesn’t mean another won’t.  Less than an hour ago, I spotted a four man unit examining this base’s perimeter.”
	“Our spotters didn’t pick anything up.”
	Gordon shrugged, “They didn’t pick me up until I was shooting my gun in the air.  And those were SEALS.  You only would have seen them if they wanted you to.”
	Rayburn thought it over. “Why should we trust you?”
	“I never gave you a reason to trust me, sir.  I just wanted to warn you.  Because I knew those guys, and I know they wouldn’t go eighty miles over open water and not fire a bullet without an ulterior motive.”
	“You want us to expect an attack?  This soon after they hit us already?” Rayburn chuckled. “Last I heard, the rig didn’t see any action for more than six months.”
	“It’s because they were planning something big and waiting for the opportunity they needed.  That gap of silence ended in tragedy, didn’t it?” Gordon tilted his head in anticipation.
	Jacob sighed deeply, “You may be right.” He holstered his gun. “But you haven’t given me enough to trust you.”
	“Not trying to make a family with you guys,” Gordon lied in a reassuring voice. “I’m just looking out for you.  Neighborhood watch and all.” He lowered his weapon and fitted it back into his own holster. “Do I have assurances you won’t shoot me in the back?”
	Jacob nodded, “You can leave with my guarantee.” He watched the police officer turn around. “Hey,” he spoke up.
	Gordon stopped a few feet back, “Yeah?”
	“If that warning pans out…thanks.”
	“Don’t mention it.  You and I, we’re just trying to survive.  It’s the rest of the world that’s trying to kill us.” The steps of Gordon walking away drew quieter with every footfall.  His silhouette disappeared into the darkness, leaving the entire base speculative.
	Once they were sure he was gone, the military organization fell apart.  Some grunts headed back to their racks, others back to night posts.  Tom leaned in close to Jake, “You recognize him at all?”
	“No,” Jacob shook his head.
	“Why the fastest gun in the west, then?”
	Jake shook his head, “On edge, I guess.  Hearing a stranger talk about San Clemente doesn’t really put me on a level head.”
	Behind him, Lexie was quick to join the conversation. “Do you think he was telling the truth?  About the recon team?”
	“I don’t know,” Jacob replied.
	“Why would he come to us at all?” Chad stepped into the circle as he spoke. “My opinion, the guy looks pretty desperate.  He’s alone, probably hungry, nothing but a pistol for protection.  Why would he come to us unless he needed us?”
	Jacob tried to let it sink in. “Assume this recon team were real, where are our disadvantages regarding entry into this base?” He directed the question to Rayburn.
	Tom fished his eyes around for a moment before pointing up. “The entire ground level is secure.  Nobody’s getting through that much concertina and chain-link without so much as an atom bomb.  The only way in is over.”
	“What about under?”
	Tom shook his head again. “All the sewage and drain lines are fitted with motion trackers.  I don’t see them digging in here either.  The only way in is from the air.”
	Jacob and Lexie considered the past events.  They destroyed a military cargo plane before it could launch a bombing attack and two attack helicopters.  Considering two Apaches went after them subsequent to the sabotage operation on San Clemente, they’d missed some things. “What else could they have on that island?” Lexie asked.
	Tom slid his teeth, “I’d hate to expect fighter jets.  But the cruiser can hit those, right?”
	“That’s probably the only reason they haven’t used one against us yet.”
	Jacob sighed, “Alright.  Assemble everyone for a meeting.  If shit hits the fan, civilians need a place to hide out.  Tomorrow morning, check the perimeter for least resistance.” The four upped their feet into the adjacent building.
	About two hours slipped by with nothing to say.  The offense of San Clemente Island was considering whatever may have happened.  Radio silence was key to the reconnaissance operation’s success.  Who could say that the operation was a success even with the extra precautions.  Sitting on a lookout post with another of his trained soldiers, Carver let out a breath of smoke.
	The sniper removed his eye from the night optic, “Thought they would have been back by now.”
	“Is that fear I detect in your voice, Luke?”
	“No,” Luke shook his head, “just on edge.  If somebody made them, we aren’t going to have an element of surprise.”
	Carver chuckled. “This is the ocean.  We’ve always got the element of surprise.  We decide when and where, luck’s the only thing that they have on their side.”
	“I hate to admit, Chief--”
	“Stop calling me by rank, kid.  As long as it takes you to spew all that, you’d be dead before I’d hear what you wanted to say.”
	“Okay, Charlie--”
	“Don’t call me that, either.  Charles Westwood died when the world did.  I’m what’s left over.  I don’t have a Navy to call my own, nor do I have a name.”
	“Fine, Carver,” Luke enunciated. “I hate to admit, but whatever they may have seen, this isn’t going to be easy.”
	“The only easy day was yesterday,” Carver put out the smoke in his right palm, one that had suffered wounds deep enough to kill the nerves and blot out any pain. “It’s never simple, killing people.”
	“That why you haven’t put a bullet in that prisoner’s head yet?”
	Carver licked his lips, “I haven’t killed Derek because I’m not finished with him yet.”
	“You know, what doesn’t kill him only makes him stronger.”
	Carver laughed, “Those sayings don’t mean anything.  Chemical injections and incisions don’t make one stronger, they just feel less pain.” He looked down at his palm still cupping the cigarette butt and smoldering ash. “I know better.  Trust me.  Nothing’s making him stronger.  He’s lost all his faith, everyone thinks he’s dead.  The only thing keeping him alive is himself, and there’s not much left of him to run on.” Luke was awe-stricken by Carver’s words.  The person he used to be didn’t matter.  All that was left of Charles Westwood was the evil side.
	Luke was drawn out of his trance by a foreign sound.  Listening to the tides for so many years, it was easy to pick out ambience that didn’t belong.  The sniper looked through his scope. “There they are,” he smiled upon seeing the yacht closing in with the zodiac raft tied to it.  He distinctly made out Harrison’s face looking through a pair of binoculars directly toward him.  The two waved each other off despite the blackened conditions of night.
	“Well,” Carver looked up and down his knife.  It was stained with the dried blood of many victims, the most recent being Derek. “That’s half of the news I wanted to hear.”
	“Do you think they’ll have good or bad news?” Luke asked.
	“Look at their faces and tell me yourself.”
	“They look content.”
	“Don’t be surprised if they didn’t learn a lot on the field trip.”
	A few minutes later, the yacht slowed its velocity to dock at the naval yard.  An entire fleet of vessels flourished in multitudes of color and size.  Reaching a pontoon, Harrison didn’t spend another second on the boat.  While the rest of his team went to work anchoring the yacht, he had a different motive: observe and report.  Observation was complete, now to break the silence.
	At the edge of the dock, Carver had just arrived to greet his fellow soldier. “Good time?” He asked, extending an arm.
	Harrison shook Carver’s hand, “More or less.”
	“What’d you find?”
	“To be honest, not much.  The depot is wrapped tighter than a Thanksgiving turkey.”
	“Any of them spot you?”
	“Not unless we gave them permission,” Harrison shook his head. “Ground level is secured by more wire than we can get through.  We’d need quite a bit of explosives to make a hole.”
	“How many personnel?”
	“Not a lot from where we were.  The helicopter is under heavy watch inside the perimeter, so we can safely assume that they don’t have any air support on the cruiser.”
	Carver nodded silently. “Did you get eyes on the cruiser?”
	“Yeah.  It’s inside San Diego Bay, docked just south of the airport.”
	“That gives us about a mile of space between our objective.”
	“So,” Harrison scratched his head, “you didn’t want to assault the marine base?”
	“You said there’s no way in from the ground.  I suppose that means waste lines are under guard?”
	Harrison nodded, “We spotted motion detectors along the drainage lines.  The only way to get in would be from the air.”
	Carver sighed deeply. “We’ve given them ample time to recover, and that wasn’t my intention.  I wanted to strike fast and hard, not give them a chance to catch their breath.”
	Harrison brought a grin to his face. “I know that kind of talk.  We’re going back in.”
	“Tomorrow night, you redeploy.  Your objective is the cruiser.  Take it over and burn the ground base down.”
	“What do we do about noncombatants?”
	Carver hesitated. “I may be an evil man, but I still have a heart for women and children.  Spare those who do not want war.  Perhaps they can join us here.”
	Harrison nodded. “I’ll set up a squad for it.  Six men should be sufficient.”
	“Don’t let your guard down, Harrison,” Carver put a hand on his shoulder. “The cruiser is their most valuable asset.  They’ll do whatever’s necessary to keep it out of your hands.”
	Harrison smirked, “Thanks for the warning, boss.  You have my word.  The ship will be ours soon.”

Day 705
First Blood

	The orb of light in the sky shone a bright orange hue.  Spending a mid-summer afternoon with a delightful nap was paradise.  Paradise was harder to find these days.  It begged the question whether paradise was relative.  Was a frame of mind equal to paradise in a lifeless life?  Or did paradise have to be physically real?
	Gordon Welker put a hand over his eyes.  Waking was the worst after recalling the best of memories.  Paradise was in his mind, but freedom from the undead threat in the city helped.  He rose up to check a fishing pole propped up by cinder blocks and sandbags.  Nothing was tugging.  Judging by the sun’s location cresting under the western horizon, he’d lingered too long.  His key to survival was to keep on the move.  If everything else was a variable, he made himself one as well.
	Reeling in the line, he growled, “Damn it.” The hook didn’t bear a fish, nor did it bear a worm as bait.  His stomach found little to settle but expired goods in supermarket storerooms.  It wasn’t severe yet.  He could go weeks without food and water could confuse his body into partial sustenance.  To make up for the low blood sugar, he always had beer.
	Gordon slipped a bottle from a lunch pail.  Removing the cap, he skipped it along the waves until it submerged.  Overshadowing the sinking bottle cap, Gordon’s eyes transfixed on something odd.  A black spot from what his human eye could make out.  Breaking water where the waves usually only started to rise.
	A look into his rifle optic sent a shiver down his spine.  To his dismay, his eye fixated on a unit of six soldiers in matching wet suits and rifles.  They were on a direct course for the mouth of San Diego Bay.  Gordon couldn’t find a reason for them to return so soon. And there were two more riflemen among the squad.  It couldn’t be a follow up recon, Gordon vaguely determined.  This had to be an attack.
	Quick on his feet, Gordon left his resources behind.  His legs were carrying him back to the people who shunned him less than a day ago.  Whether he could spread the word before they shot him didn’t cross his mind.  They’d either believe him or kill him.  A half step in his jeep, the engine turned over and sent him racing toward the recruit depot.
	The sun disappeared under a blue horizon, leaving only residual light that would fade quickly.  In the failing light, the zodiac blended into surrounding waters.  Harrison went through his briefing a dozen times before they left the yacht, fully aware of the importance of this operation.  They had to take the cruiser if they wanted a strategic advantage in this war.  No matter the cost, they wanted to win.  For that exact reason, Harrison neglected to mention rules of engagement regarding the women and children.
	Five hundred yards from the floating mass of steel and iron, each member of the SEAL team secured an oxygen tank to their back and a mask over their airways.  In unison, all six dropped into the water.  Heavy gear sunk them deep beneath the surface.  Through night vision, Harrison could make out an angular and streamlined displacement adjacent to a line of chain reaching the bottom of the bay.
	Static went through a transmitter. “Lima One Actual, we’ve reached the staging area.” Harrison was careful to get under the water before sending a signal all the way to San Clemente Island.
	Carver called back, “Good luck, Lima.” The SEAL team began their swim to the cruiser.
	Reaching the base sounded easy in theory.  Gordon discounted the gridlock on main roadways and had to correct for it many times in the last three minutes.  The deeper he penetrated into the metropolis, it would only get harder.  He didn’t have time to waste.  Not once did he consider why he was doing this for people he didn’t even know.
	At the bottom of the cruiser, Harrison broke the still water first.  His oxygen mask off, he pulled the chain for any sign of slack.  Satisfied, he roped his tank to the chain.  The rest of his unit encircled, not a trace of fear in any of their eyes.  A series of hand signals told them he’d lead the pack up and into the ship, and reassured they’d regroup once their feet were dry.
	Calm and concerted, Harrison fit the blunt edge of his combat knife between his teeth.  Climbing up the links of large chain was easier than by rope, with sturdy placement for his feet and hands all the way up.  Harrison jumped over the edge, where he drew his pistol and looked every direction for hostile activity.  Nobody patrolled the top deck at this particular time.  Harrison holstered his sidearm and knife, but replaced both with a suppressed MP5K submachine gun.
	In all, the squad took thirty seconds to reach the top deck.  A quick scan at all faces showed the same nerves of steel Harrison grew to love. “Five, six, dig in here.”
	Lima Five, a soldier named Devon nodded his head, “Copy that.”
	“From here on, maintain radio silence.  Only call in if you’re desperate.  The rest of us are going below deck to handle any problems.  We’ll call when it’s all clear.”
	“Understood,” Devon reiterated.  Both five and six set up positions next to the anchor mechanic, watching as Harrison and his team went down a set of stairs and out of sight.
	Gordon spun the wheel, high beams lighting up the security checkpoint at the end of the roadway.  By this time most of the base was on high alert.  The floodlights in a nearly black night brought ill omens.  Guns were loaded and primed to fire, but fingers didn’t depress triggers until the enemy fired first.  Gordon saw the gate looming closer.  He latched a seatbelt over his body and clenched his teeth for impact.
	Breaking through the barrier of concertina wire, the jeep’s velocity dropped by half.  His front tires exploded and shredded right after first crossing the threshold, only momentum to keep the jeep on its course.  As the dented bumper made contact with the second of three layers of fencing, the jeep abruptly stopped.  White smoke rose from the crunched hood.  Gordon cleared his head from the deployed airbag and stupidly exited his vehicle.
	“You again?” Tom Rayburn’s voice filled Gordon’s ears. “I thought we made it clear last night not to come  back--”
	“They’re back!” Gordon cut him off.
	“Who?” Chad wasn’t far behind.
	Gordon shook his dizziness off, “That team I told you about!  I saw them going into the bay less than ten minutes ago!”
	“They aren’t getting in here.” Tom declared.
	“What if they aren’t coming here?”
	Jacob heard Gordon’s latest remark and instantly considered “The cruiser.”
	“How far would you say they are?” Tom asked.
	“By now, they’re could already be onboard.” Gordon admitted.
	Jacob felt his skin go cold.  As Tom led Gordon through the jumbled mass of bent metal to a pair of doorways, Jake was en route to the helicopter. “Corbin,” he called over his radio, “get us in the air now!”
	“On my way!” Andrew replied in person from ten feet away, running at the same pace.
	“Mobile Bay, this is Jacob.”
	Robert was quick to answer, “Speak up.”
	Jacob took a seat in the helicopter. “We have reason to believe a hostile fire team has boarded the cruiser.  We’re on our way to provide support.”
	“Copy that,” Robert’s felt his skin rise.
	Though the helicopter was on the verge of lifting off, Jacob was surprised to see the stranger coming toward the chopper at an accelerated rate.  Gordon quickly took a seat inside the helicopter. “What do you think you’re doing?” Jacob asked.
	“I’m going with you,” Gordon replied.
	Jacob drew his pistol, “You sure you want to risk that?  If you just did this to scare us, I’ll have no problem ending you.”
	“I didn’t do this without a reason,” Gordon shook his head. “I’m trying to help.”
	“Who are you, and why are you trying to help us?”
	Gordon hesitated, the sensation in his stomach drop as the helicopter took flight. “I don’t know.  Maybe I want to change.”
	Back on the ship, Robert was immediate in his efforts. “Noncombatants, begin lockdown procedures immediately!” His ears were met by a half dozen acknowledgements.  One missing made him worry. “Zack, do you copy?”
	“I’m going to Savannah and Abel,” Zack replied. “You’re not talking me out of this.”
	Rob shivered, “Well,” he opened the door with a gun drawn and sprinted out of the bridge. “I’m on my way too.”
	The sweeper team had checked more than a dozen crew quarters with no success.  Several doors were locked from the inside with no feasible method of entry.  Whatever, Harrison figured, they’d come out sooner or later.  Up another deck, Harrison peered for any life.  The first two doors on either side of the hallway were locked.  As he looked into the next, his eyes laid upon silky blonde hair.
	Savannah wasn’t anywhere near a radio and thus didn’t hear the lockdown warning.  She had her hands full putting Abel to sleep.  But something seemed off in her peripheral when she laid the boy down in his crib.  She turned her head to see a stranger in a military outfit holding a raised weapon at her.  A loud gasp exited her lungs, both hands raising over her head in petrified horror.
	Rob doubled down a set of stairs where he recognized strangers.  He didn’t have time to ask questions, nor did he want to.  These men intruded on them, and he wasn’t giving them a benefit of the doubt.  He pounded three shots from his M9 Beretta, all hitting the closest target checking the room next to Savannah’s.  The target fell with no trouble.  In another second, he was pulling back behind the stairwell corridor as two automatics peppered shots back at him.
	Through the automatic retort of bullets, Lexie opened her own quarters to spot Rob squeezing behind his cover.  She slipped her hand around just enough to swing her sidearm out of protection.  Randomly dispersed bullets emptied a half dozen shots down the hall, unknowingly putting another person on the ground.  She squeezed her hand back behind cover, where she first noticed the gunfire subside.
	“Hold your fire!” Harrison screamed.  His arm was wrapped around Savannah’s neck, cutting her ability to breath substantially.  In his free arm, a pistol was leveled at her head.  Rob and Lexie took care in getting a visual of the situation.  To their dismay, the premise to hold their fire was real.  They had taken a hostage.  Harrison repeated it, “Hold your fire or I blow her fucking brains out!”
	Savannah shuddered, her eyes darting back and forth at Rob and Lexie.  She’d never been in a situation like this and didn’t know how to react other than to keep quiet.  She clenched her eyes and teeth shut, the press of the pistol’s cannon into her temple bringing tears to her eyes.
	Robert stepped out of the corridor fully, his own pistol held by the barrel to keep him from firing. “Savannah,” he spoke calmly. “Everything will be fine.”
	A tear ran down her cheek. “Please,” she whispered hoarsely.
	Rob looked directly at the stranger, “This isn’t a fight you can win.  Let her go and back down now.”
	Harrison chuckled, “You think I came all this way just to fail and be taken prisoner by you?” His laughter jumped an octave. “No, this is a fight you won’t win.”
	“Please,” Rob shook his head, “not her.  Take me instead.”
	Harrison glanced across the hallway, “Tell the other to put his gun down.”
	Rob looked into the threshold, “Lexie, throw your weapon out.”
	Lexie mouthed the words, “Are you sure?” Rob nodded silently.  Reluctantly, she tossed her pistol out of the door.
	“Throw yours down, too.” Harrison ordered.
	Robert didn’t like it any more than Lexie did, but the last thing he wanted to do was test a killer holding a gun to a mother’s head.  He couldn’t bear the guilt of letting history repeat itself.  He slipped the sidearm out of his grasp and heard the metal clang as it impacted next to his feet. “Our guns are down, there’s nothing we can do.  Just let her go, and leave.”
	“We’re not leaving without this ship--” the second SEAL was cut off by Harrison’s frustrated look.
	Rob shrugged. “We can’t allow that.”
	“Well,” Harrison leaned in and sniffed Savannah’s hair.  It made him grin wide. “If we can’t take the Mobile Bay, we’re taking some other collateral.”
	“She’s not an option either,” Robert shook his head.
	Harrison shook his head apathetically, “Apparently, she’s the only option we have.  What are you going to do to stop me?” Robert didn’t have an answer. “Thought so.” He started to retreat, and the young woman in his grasp was petite and light.  She couldn’t keep her feet on the ground, and choked under his muscular grip.  The three withdrew around a far corner.  Robert was in shock.
	He wasn’t the only one in for a surprise.  A moment later, Zack stepped around the corner to find two dead bodies on the floor next to Savannah’s room and both Rob and Lexie retrieving their weapons. “Are they okay?”
	Robert didn’t want to answer.  Luckily, Lexie was there to lend a hand.  Rob keyed up on the radio, “This is Rob, the situation is very real.  They’ve taken a hostage.” He heard the nearby feedback on Lexie’s radio, as well as Zack’s outcry upon hearing Lexie explain the turn of events.  As the responses came in, Robert dropped to a knee beside Zack. “I know you’re scared.  But I promise you, I won’t let them do anything to her.”
	Zack put a hand on Rob’s shoulder. “Save my wife, Bobby.  I can’t do this without her.” Rob nodded and rose to his feet.  Before departing he sent Lexie a worried look, which she could do little but return the same foreboding feeling.  Rob left the two, regurgitating memories of his own tragic story coming to mind with every step he took.  Nicole died while held at gunpoint and Robert was helpless to stop it.  He wasn’t helpless to stop this one.
	Hearing the report, Jacob fit a fresh round snug into his rifle. “Looks like you get to keep breathing, Lieutenant.”
	“Is that supposed to be good news?”
	“Yeah,” Jacob took a drag from a cigarette before handing it over to Gordon. “If they kill one of us, you’re our key to San Clemente’s door.” He looked through the scope.  Not far away, the top deck of the ship lit up brighter than ever before.  Everyone was on alert now.  His scope ran over Savannah and the gunman holding her up.  He adjusted for the closing distance and planted the crosshairs on the wrist holding the gun.
	“I’ve got a visual,” Ben reported from the bridge, “Two gunman with the hostage approaching the bow.  Two more by the anchor.” Below deck, Robert heard and dropped into a dead sprint for the farthest deck access to the front of the ship.  Perhaps he could cut them off.
	Harrison kept his gun to Savannah’s temple, the only thing keeping him from firing being the lock of the hammer.  By no account was he about to murder their only leverage and get them all killed.  The spinning blades of a helicopter made him scan the night sky to no avail. “Five, six,” he spoke over his radio, “keep the extraction zone clear.  We ran into a bit of trouble, we’re on our way back with a hostage.”
	Feedback on the radio was heard by Savannah, who still found herself struggling to breath and was kicking profusely.  She knew how Nicole died, and didn’t want to repeat history with her own life.  But there was nothing to free her from the vice-grip of a soldier of this caliber.  Her vision grew fuzzy for a scant moment, but a small release in Harrison’s tense grip granted Savannah a deep breath of air.
	The response from another enemy soldier said, “How are we going to get a hostage off the ship?”
	Harrison didn’t hesitate with his reply. “We didn’t come all this way for nothing.  We’re not taking a hostage with us either.  Only thing we can do is hit them where it hurts.”
	Savannah gulped, “Please, don’t do this!” Her voice was breaking, the space of tears replaced with rivers of dread.  She knew she was going to die, but prayed some of her words could prevent it. “My son needs me, please!”
	Harrison felt the word ring in his ears.  Every step he took brought him closer to ending the life of…a mother?  Was a person truly so heartless to murder such a beautiful and innocent soul?  Harrison wasn’t all that affected to hear his answer to that question: yes.
	Robert carefully aimed his pistol up the stairwell leading to the bow.  Not one person in sight, he slowly moved up the stairs to avoid detection.  The helicopter’s wind chopping noise penetrated the hull, and he could hear footsteps one floor above.  Would his plan work to save Savannah’s life?  He did want to save her, but something in the back of his mind made him envy whether her survival would define Nicole’s passing.
	Harrison reached the extraction zone, where he was struggling to make up his mind.  The four man squad had more than a dozen eyes holding rifles at them.  The only thing keeping the bullets from firing was Savannah with a gun to her head. “Put her down,” Devon spoke up. “We’re out of time.”
	“You’re right,” Harrison pulled back the hammer.  Savannah clamped her eyes and teeth shut when she heard the click, preparing for the worst.  Would it be painful?  Would it be quick?  Would Zack overcome her loss?  Would Abel be okay without her?  She felt her heart stop beating and time flash memories of her life.  Not a single question she asked could be answered.  Savannah’s lungs took a deep, labored breath as the click rang in her ears.
	Jacob’s scoped eye went wide upon seeing the slightest movement in the hostage-taker’s palm and Savannah’s horrified reaction. “Not in my house,” Jacob whispered as he pulled his finger back.  His single shot cracked the sky, bringing forth the deep breath of suspense.  The bullet’s path didn’t stray via the whipping air or distance.  Jacob had accounted for everything until the last moment he had to respond.  And without hesitation, Harrison’s arm felt the agonizing sting of a .408 enter his wrist.
	Harrison retracted, the gun falling loose from his grip but Savannah still trapped by his chokehold.  To make up for Jacob’s action, Robert left the safety of his cover with his pistol raised.  A single shot flew into the side of Harrison’s neck.  He fell to the ground, bringing with him the unwounded girl.  She trembled by the soldier’s dying figure, scrunching her body as a volley of gunfire near and far ripped into the attacking force.
	Robert shifted his aim after putting down the first of four.  The other three were trying to respond, but successive fire prevented two from raising their weapons.  Bullets streamed without relent at the three.  Devon fell with the sear of a gunshot in his right arm.  He grabbed his shallowly breathing teammate by the collar with his injured arm, a pistol in his hand, and was the only given a chance to respond.  Three bullets fired uncoordinated at the nearest target.
	Robert fell to his knee when a sharp twinge of a nine millimeter entered his upper leg.  The next shot missed his head by a fraction of an inch.  His objective was no longer the hostage, but to inflict pain.  He put another shot across the small gap of five feet, his accuracy more concentrated.
	Devon felt a shot impact his chest at full velocity, though a bulletproof vest saved the man from a deathly fate.  It knocked the wind out of him, loosened his grip from his fellow soldier, and pounded him against the far railing.  The man dropped his weapon upon sizing up what was staring him down.
	Rob clenched his teeth, the pistol aiming at his target’s head. “You killed my people!” He yelled over the sound of the helicopter.
	“I didn’t want to become this,” Devon shook his head. “Carver didn’t give me a choice.  He didn’t give any of us a choice!” His eyes wandered back to see the final breath departing from his wounded ally.
	Robert felt his finger pulling the trigger.  His fury of vengeance swelled without relent.  These people killed Derek, the only blood-related family he had left. “Why’d you have to take them?” He loosened his grip. “What did they ever do to you?”
	“One of them killed Carver’s brother…now he’s paying for it.  If any of us refused to fight, he’d kill us himself!  Like I said, we didn’t have a choice!” The actual circumstance of Derek didn’t convey to Robert in his blank rage.  He was too furious to stop.  The war never ended no matter what they did or where they went.  People were going to continue to die around him.  He couldn’t take it anymore.
	“Well,” Rob sighed, “then I don’t have a choice.” The rush of blood in his finger squeezed the trigger.  Across the gap, Devon closed his eyes and waited.  Then, without warning, he slipped over the railing.  Robert was stunned to see his target disappear.  Rushing to look at the effect, Rob found nothing but a splash on the bay’s surface.  He took a deep breath, trying to size up what made him stop.  He could have pulled the trigger then and there.  It was an enemy…but an unarmed enemy, that made all the difference.
	The urgency of pain could never be put on hold for too long.  Rob dropped to a knee, where he easily determined how lethal the bullet wound was.  Clean in over a little bit of soft tissue, no arterial spray and no impact with the bone.  Let the medic dig the bullet out and it wouldn’t be bothering him in a few days.  In the next moment, Rob scrambled over to the dead body of the team leader.  The one who took Savannah hostage.
	He released the man’s bulky arm from her neck and removed her from the vicious hands of death.  But her eyes were closed.  Rob took one of her wrists, where he was gratified by a pulse.  Her eyes slowly opened, bloodshot with tears.  Rob massaged her palm. “You hurt?” She shook her head silently, but didn’t speak through quivering lips.  He let out a laugh. “You need to stop doing this,” he reiterated something he heard from a memory. “It’s not good for your health.” Savannah could help but giggle.  The footsteps of backup approaching rattled in her ears as the initial veil of shock lifted.

Day 705 Part II
Riddles

	A deep breath of relief was expunged by the outpost.  For the first time a situation had gone so horrendously bad, they miraculously didn’t lose a single soul to an enemy force.  A highly skilled opposing force.  Luck was on their side throughout.  But another thing had made itself useful.  A stranger, rugged and cold.  At least they couldn’t see that side of him.  Gordon accepted a hand gestured at him from Jacob. “Good work, Lieutenant.” The marine smirked.
	“Don’t mention it, Major.” Gordon returned a grin.  He was in now.  He was one of them.  Master of deception, free to take advantage of a full community in order to preserve his own life.  That’s how a scavenger worked.
	Robert lifted himself up as he spotted Zack leading the group. “Code green,” he called over the radio, “the crisis has been averted.”
	Zack shot past Rob in the next moment.  While one was going away from the event, another was racing to see the woman he could have lost.  Robert took another step away from the scene.  His ears heard the first words coming out of Zack’s mouth. “I love you,” he took his hands in hers and kissed her gently.
	She wasn’t comatose at all, able to reply with love in her heart. “I love you, too.  Is Abel okay?”
	Zack looked over at the Staff Sergeant holding the child in her arms.  Savannah was led to see the same. “Not a scratch,” Lexie answered.
	The next step came hardest.  Rob did for another what he couldn’t do for his own.  The warmly lit deck disappeared from under his drooped gaze, replaced by the light snowfall of a cold February day. “I’m sorry,” Nicole’s voice echoed in his ears.  The darkest her voice had ever sounded.  Her face came into his view, discolored by a thin line of blood running down from her lips.
	“No,” Rob’s voice echoed in the void. “I should be sorry.”
	She smiled weakly, “This wasn’t your fault.”
	“You’re going to be fine,” he heard himself say.
	“No, I’m not…they killed our baby, Robert.” 
	The words broke his heart to hear again.  The final statement repeated in his head, echoing louder and louder with every word.  Rob broke from the trance, where he found his balled fist hurtling against a wall. “No!” He screamed, as loud as he remembered ever saying it on only one occasion prior.  His teeth clenched and a tear ran down his cheek.  This is why he couldn’t earn his revenge for Derek.  He had yet to kill the man who murdered his wife and child.
	Most of the crew were surprised to see something like this happen.  Most of them were trying to figure out what actually did happen.  After all, only two people witnessed Nicole’s death and one of them recently lost his life, at least in the outpost’s beliefs.  The exact details were fuzzy, as nobody wanted to ask either of the witnesses.  But Zack knew.  He knew why Robert had gone off like he did.  It made him remorseful for Robert’s loss.  Nikki was a good friend to him, too.  But where Rob lost his own love, he saved Zack’s.  His actions of today would never bring her back, though.
	Rob limped through the adjacent door, numb to a dislocated knuckle in his right hand and the bullet in his thigh.  Shortly inside, he fell to the ground. “What the hell is happening to me?” The hallucinations started off as beautiful for all they were worth.  But something snapped.  Now he was seeing everything he hated rather than what he loved.  It made him want to end it.  For some odd reason, he couldn’t find himself drawing the gun and putting it to his head.  A climax of aggression ripped the gun from his holster and pressed it to his temple.  The next went black only for a moment, as he pulled the trigger and shut his eyes to feel nothing.  Just a click.
	Robert flung the handgun out of his grasp, throwing it across the room into the opposite wall with enough force to shatter the pistol beyond repair.  He growled furiously, his hands trembling and looking for answers.  They looked as blood red as when Nicole died in his arms. “I told you, you aren’t ready.” A partial figure, an apparition of sorts took a seat beside him.
	“Why did it have to be like this?” Robert couldn’t look at her.  Anything less than the real person couldn’t be in his sight.  His ears begged to be torn off so he couldn’t hear her residual voice.
	Nicole closed her eyes, looking across the room to the pistol’s point of impact. “It didn’t.”
	“How not?”
	“You could have gone anywhere once you got out of the army.  Somehow you came to me.”
	“I was trying to get away from someone who wanted me dead.” Rob remarked carelessly.
	Nicole scoffed, “It worked for a little while.”
	“Everyone’s dying ahead of me.  But I’m the only one who wants it.  I need to feel your warmth again.”
	“You’ll know that feeling in time.”
	Robert sighed deeply. “So why are you here?”
	“I’m an angel, Bobby.  I earned something few get the chance to do.”
	“What?  Haunt your husband.”
	Nicole looked away, almost ashamed. “I hate to tell you this.  But it’s not all perks for me.”
	“What does that mean?”
	“I have a job to do.”
	Robert laughed. “Jobs in heaven, what has the world come to?”
	“Believe me, it’s a job you never would have wanted.”
	“Now I’m interested.  I played assassin for half a decade.  How much worse can it get?”
	“I’m an angel, Rob,” She dipped her head. “That doesn’t mean I’m good.”
	Rob hesitated. “What?”
	Nicole paused, “I take lives.  I take lives of not just the bad, but the good too.  And it breaks my heart that I have to take good people away from you.  I’m an angel of death.”
	“You kill people, but I still have to beg a confession out of you?” Rob shook his head angrily.  For the first time since her death, he found himself disgusted with her. “Why?”
	“I didn’t make this job,” Nicole answered coldly, “I didn’t make the limits, I didn’t write the rules.”
	“But you gave me Derek.  And I still couldn’t save him.  Are you satisfied?”
	Nicole shook her head and laughed. “Derek is a different story.  But a story doesn’t bear any weight on deaf ears.” She rose to her feet. “You’ll know when it’s your time, Bobby.  But I’ve got to warn you, it’s all downhill from here.  I was asked to take Savannah…but you prevented it.”
	“So, is this the kind of job you do for the rest of eternity or until the human race finally dies?”
	Nicole shook her head, “No.  This is the kind of job I do until my husband does what I can’t.”
	“And what’s that?”
	“Avenge my death,” she spoke through clenched teeth. “Kill the monster who brought about the death of my child and I.  Because his murderous ways didn’t stop once I was gone, they only got worse.  And it continues to get worse with every breath he takes.  If you want to return to me, you need to take Travis down.  Then you’ll be free…and so will I.” She paused.
	Robert froze in perplexed wonder.  Nicole never spoke like this.  What was happening to him. “Is this real?  You aren’t what I remember.”
	“Things change.  I’ve been gone for a while.  I never have a choice in who I take.  It’s a list that never ends and only time separates the dead.  The only thing to comfort me is knowing you’re not too long away.  What keeps me on edge is how long Travis is going to walk free of consequence.” She paused. “It’s the only reason I’ve been keeping you alive.” Robert looked up at her for the first time. “What?” she smirked, “You think you can put a loaded gun to your head and I can’t get in the way?”
	Rob chuckled. “This is what you want from me?”
	“It’s not what I want, Rob.  It’s what needs to be done.  You’ve been looking for redemption ever since you lost me.  I’m giving you your chance.”
	“Makes me wonder how I’m going to convince all of them.  They kind of like the weather here.”
	Nicole shrugged. “Discount helicopters blowing up your home and bad guys with guns sneaking onto your ship, it’s not such a bad place.” She licked her lips, as if considering what Rob would have to do to convince the others. “Don’t worry about telling them yet, Rob.  You’ve got a little loose baggage to pick up from the island.” Her apparition faded in the next instant.
	In another moment, Zack peeked his head into the door. “Hey.”
	Rob, who was taking his time to adjust to Nicole’s new persona, shifted his head over just enough to make eye contact. “Hey.”
	“Are you alright?”
	“I think I’m having a nervous breakdown, but I probably just need a membership card.”
	Zack was content about the recent events, but he wasn’t about to accept jokes and small talk from the one who saved his lover. “I know how you feel.”
	“You sure about that?”
	“You saved Savannah, but you still blame yourself for what happened to Nicole.”
	Rob sent him a crude look, “She died in my arms, Zack.  I can’t change the past.  But I suppose I can reshape the future.”
	Zack smirked. “You get that out of a fortune cookie.”
	“No,” Rob sighed. “I just went through a lot.  I need time to process it.”
	Through the door, next came Jacob with a new face.  Robert didn’t even recognize this as one of the marines. “Thanks for the support, Bobby.”
	“Don’t mention it,” Rob rose to his feet. “Who’s the new guy?”
	Gordon thrust a hand forth, “Gordon Welker.”
	“A local, he’s the guy who gave us the advanced warning,” Jacob confirmed.
	Rob was somewhat hesitant until hearing what Gordon did.  He graciously accepted the gesture. “Good work, Welker.” He paused. “Where are you from?”
	Gordon tilted his head, trying to find the right answer. “Originally, in town.  Took a little trip out to sea until my boss tried to kill me.”
	“Out to sea?”
	“I spent a couple years on San Clemente Island.  Ran into some bad people--”
	“Us?” Rob assumed.
	Gordon shook his head, “Not even close.  I didn’t want to attack the oil rig.  For one, I knew it’d be a suicide mission going up against a Navy destroyer.”
	“It’s actually a cruiser,” Zack fit in.
	“Could have fooled me with all the damage it did out there.”
	Jacob cleared his throat. “We’ve got more pressing matters to discuss.  The enemy boarded this ship without a problem.  Just because they didn’t kill any of us doesn’t mean they won’t be back.  We need to increase security parameters here.”
	Gordon raised a hand, “Isn’t that going to cut personnel on the ground?”
	Jacob shrugged. “This is their priority, right?  What are they going to get from the base?”
	“Just pointing it out.  They’re unpredictable.”
	“The only way they can get into the recruit depot is by air,” Jacob confirmed.
	“Well,” Gordon shrugged. “I’ve been away for a while, but the last I looked they still had some aircraft that can do damage.”
	Rob tilted his head concernedly. “We took out two Apaches they deployed.  How much more could they have?”
	“They still had a couple Hueys and Warthogs.”
	“Warthogs?” Rob asked worriedly. “Tank-busters?”
	“One and the same.  The only problem they had was finding pilots with the balls to go up against a ship like this.” Gordon couldn’t be sure of any of this.  He’d left the island long before the outpost came to San Diego.  
	Jacob patted Rob on the shoulder, “We’ll deal with it.  The Mobile Bay’s gotten us this far, there’s no reason it won’t get us through something like that.”
	The cold of death embraced five of his teammates, including that of his leader.  But by his own fortune, he avoided a definitive execution and escaped with a bullet wound to the arm.  The injury wasn’t sufficient to end his life, pending he got medical treatment within the hour.  And as the transport was just off the coast and salt-water helped sterilize the wound, Devon was in luck.
	As Devon dragged himself onboard the craft, the crew was at first taken off guard. “I expected to see a big ship on the horizon.” The captain looked for the rest of the team to no avail. “What happened?”
	“We were discovered before we could hijack the ship.  Harrison and the others are dead.” Devon stepped into the cabin, where he removed a wrap of gauze from his bullet wound.
	“How?”
	“Don’t ask me,” Devon replied. “My job was to watch the insertion, nothing more.” He grunted in pain, “Could somebody get this bullet out of my arm?” A medical technician quickly started to clean the wound.
	The driver had to take a seat.  He wasn’t ready to accept defeat either.  Five of the most highly trained personnel on San Clemente met their match and didn’t survive to tell the tale.  How was it possible. “Carver,” he sent over a radio. “I’ve got some bad news.”
	Carver sighed deeply, “If it’s bad news, I don’t want to hear it.” He rose to his feet with a satchel in hand.  Quickly looking through the interior of the bag, Carver couldn’t manage a smile.  Something had gone deathly wrong.  That was the only reason they’d call in bad news.  Perhaps torturing his prisoner would satisfy his thirst for vengeance.  Harrison made a promise, one that could only be broken by his death.  And if he couldn’t avenge their deaths, he’d make up for it however else possible.
	Though it was only a twenty minute ordeal, Derek contemplated it in a manner of years.  Multiple incisions hurt enough with just a scalpel.  But he was subjected to chemical incisions, the sole purpose to inflict pain.  Carver was a man of his word, promising to break Derek down until there was nothing left.  One thing Carver never counted on was how defiant his victim remained.
	Carver let a smile spread over his face. “I haven’t felt this good in years.” He wiped away droplets of blood on the edge of his blade.
	Derek’s arms were nearly lost of blood, a chain strung up to the ceiling and leaving him to dangle on his toes. “You should try getting laid some time,” Derek’s hoarse voice answered.  His tone of voice was reduced by endless waves of screams and groans.  He’d lost his voice, but held fast to confidence.
	“You’re not in the position to make suggestions, Derek.” Carver slid the blade under Derek’s exposed arm and pierced another well of agony.  Derek clenched his teeth, growling through the unbearable torment.  Pain was only temporary, glory was forever.  What glory did Derek hold fast to?  He didn’t pursue an answer, as there was nothing to grasp.  The one thing he couldn’t bear to let happen was give such a monster the satisfaction of winning this battle.
	Derek overcame the brunt and let a smile draw across his face. “Oh, I get it.  You must like guys.” His achievement of a moment’s happiness ended abruptly with a fist lodged into his stomach.  Derek coughed, unable to quell the soreness with bound hands.
	“I know what you’re trying to get me to do,” Carver put the scalpel under Derek’s chin. “It almost worked.  Unfortunately, I’ve got bigger problems than doing you a favor.  Your people have a knack for killing mine.”
	“In my book it’s self-defense.” Derek lowered his head once the blade was removed. “You’re pissed off.  So do what we both want.  Kill me.  Get it over with.”
	Carver stood there for a moment to consider it.  Then he started laughing. “That’s exactly why I won’t.  You want to die.  You think you have nothing to live for.”
	“I don’t.” Derek locked eyes with him. “My children are dead, my love is dead, and everyone else knows I’m dead.  I have nothing.”
	Carver smirked, “I will give you a reason to live…then I will expire you.”
	“You can’t keep me like this indefinitely.  I’m gonna die of starvation or dehydration soon enough.”
	The interrogator put the scalpel back in his bag. “No, you’re not.  I’m a cruel host, but I’m not so evil as to starve you.”
	“What’s your next plan?  Shove a feeding tube up my ass?”
	Carver shook his head.  He threw the satchel over his shoulder and approached the pulley lifting Derek to a stand.  Without warning, he kicked the lever.  Derek fell to the floor with no resistance and no muscle in his legs to hold him up. “I’ll let you choke on it.” He left the room.  Derek closed his eyes, hoping to get a moment’s rest.  None of his captors were the least bit kind to him.  But he brought this on himself.  They had no reason to be kind.
	Outside of the pit and into a surrounding black, Carver took a moment to let his eyesight adjust. “He makes more of an ass of himself every day.”
	A young woman sporting dark hair, an athletic body, and a tanned complexion chuckled. “Were you expecting him to just give up?”
	“There’s nothing left for him to hold on to.  Nothing but himself.”
	“So,” she produced an apple and tossed it to him, “you want to eat his dinner and save us the trouble.”
	Carver shook his head. “I promised I’d kill him once he stopped begging for it.  So he’s not going to die on an empty stomach.  Do what you do best.”
	“Reverse psychology?” She asked, bringing Carver to laugh.  He kissed her on the cheek before departing.  Carver had more pressing issues regarding the operation.  They failed to take the cruiser this night.  But that didn’t mean it was over.  Every action had repercussions.  The outpost was in for a long day tomorrow.
	The slender young woman entered the shack, an apple tossing in her hand.  At the center of the pit, a single body laid strewn around a length of chains.  His eyes were closed and he was managing to sleep despite the floodlight burning into his skin. “Pitiful bastard,” she grunted as she put the apple on a nearby countertop.  Her method was careful with each slice, and she took care to remove every seed from the core.
	Steps came closer, reverberating through his ear planted on the floor. “Who are you?” he was too weak to roll on his other side.
	“Your worst nightmare,” she answered coldly. “You killed a lot of good people.  So you won’t get any sympathy from me.  I’m just doing what the boss says.” She laid the plate on the ground beside him. “Don’t for a second think I’m going to chew your food for you.”
	“I’m not hungry,” Derek refused in his dry tone. “Just leave me be.”
	“I’m not finished,” she stamped her boot on the concrete. “You won’t just sleep it off.  Only a cold blooded murderer like you would think so.”
	“I protected my people.  And if Carver won’t send me to hell, I hoped you could do it for me.”
	The woman drew a pistol, pulled the hammer back, and pressed it into the side of Derek’s temple. “I only fire my gun when it’s absolutely necessary.  The academy taught me about morality.  It would have done you some good.”
	Something about her voice seemed relative.  Derek felt the pressure leave the side of his head. “What’s your name?”
	“Not worth telling you,” she answered.
	“Your voice sounds familiar.  I haven’t heard it since the bomb went off.  Forgive me if I’m mistaken.”
	She holstered her sidearm. “Had a girlfriend living in the blast radius?”
	“I had a daughter living in San Diego who dropped out of contact after the bomb, a son who died of infection, and the woman I loved lost her life from a stray bullet through the heart.  So whatever Carver told you is true.  I have nothing to live for.”
	The woman fished through her memories.  Strangely, some of his dialogue hit home. “I lost my brother to that virus.  Couldn’t believe it when I heard the news.” Her admittance was bringing repressed anger and sadness she’d blocked off for so long. “Life is a strange thing, isn’t it?”
	Derek felt his fatigue setting in.  His eyes were too heavy to keep open.  Derek smirked. “My son hated me.  By the time I learned, all I could say was ‘goodbye.’ I never had the chance to apologize for what I did to Quinn.” His voice trailed off as he fell into sleep.
	The woman heard his snores overlap.  She shook her head and started away, when the name finally administered. “Quinn?” Her eyes darted back to the unconscious man on the floor.  It had to be coincidence.  Her father couldn’t have survived this long in the wild.  She slowly walked around his still figure until the face crossed her vision.  Her breath became erratic.  The world started to spin.  Sandra ran from the shed, vomiting just outside the door.
	The young woman ran a hand through her hair, distressed at the revelation.  This wasn’t some unlucky stranger.  She found herself berating the man who had raised her from birth.  It was her own father who was subjected to this cruel treatment.  Regurgitating the memories made her puke even more.  The depression she held in gave way, as silent tears ran down her cheek.
	Her mourning came to a crashing halt. “Sandy?” Her boyfriend since before the outbreak, a fellow officer by the name of Kendall Parker, approached carefully. “What’s wrong?”
	Sandra wiped the tears from her face. “It’s nothing.”
	“Come on, you can’t lie to me.”
	She took a deep breath.  She had to lie.  They were keeping Derek alive, but what would this do to either of them if she admitted her relationship to the least favorite person on the island. “I guess I wasn’t prepared for what’s in there.”
	“Yeah,” Kendall took a seat alongside. “Carver can be highly psychotic when it comes to torture.” He wrapped an arm around her. “Don’t beat yourself up about it.” His words didn’t seem to bring her any calm. “Some of the locals are a little upset with where they put the prisoner.  Chances are, Carver will take him back to the freighter.”
	“For what?” Sandra estimated they could potentially drown her father after taking him out to sea.
	“Better security, so he’s less inclined to escape.  Not a lot of places to go on open water.” She was deaf to his words. “Look, that son of a bitch had it coming.  If he killed Dylan, he killed the only thing that kept Carver human.” Sandra’s head was spinning.  She didn’t how to fix this.  Sandra was the only thing keeping Derek human.  He couldn’t die, because she was the one thing he had left.

Day 706
Nothing Goes Without Consequence

	The next morning’s calm was a short experience.  A ten minute overdose of action, gunfire, and death left them taking a deep sigh of relief.  But it was too early to relax.  The war had yet to conclude.  And a facet of war, war only got worse with every passing minute.
	Ben stepped onto the bridge bearing a warm cup of tea.  He scanned the air and surface radars for signs of life.  Nothing unusual, his prognosis before taking a sip.  What was unusual to him was working an early shift.  Senior citizens should have been able to get more hours of sleep in his mind.  But he could account for it.  The grunts had a long night, while he was fast asleep during the lockdown.
	The balding man brushed his unkempt facial hair. “What am I doing here?” He thought he was only asking himself.
	“I thought we were making a living.”
	Benjamin clutched his chest, taking a deep breath as his eyes first set sight on Terrence in a chair not far away. “It wouldn’t hurt to announce your presence, Terry.  I’m borderline seventies, my heart can’t take that kind of abuse.”
	Terrence chuckled, “You’ve got three years on me, Ben.  And you don’t smoke or drink like I used to.  Besides, I don’t get a lot of opportunities like this morning to reminisce old times.”
	Ben tilted his head, “You really want to reminisce old times?  Where the hell did you think we were working?”
	“Auschwitz?” Terrence guessed with a laugh.
	“That’s horrible,” Ben shook his head in disgust.
	“Don’t act offended, you’re not Jewish.”
	“No,” Ben scoffed, “I’m part German.” He set his mug down after taking another sip.  A blip on the radar cut him off from further degradation into a vicious topic. “What’s that?”
	Terrence rose to his feet, his manner all about work now.  He lifted a pair of binoculars. “Which direction?”
	“West by northwest.  It’s coming in pretty fast, too.”
	Terrence scanned the radar himself.  It wasn’t the water surface radar, but rather the aerial watch.  Too fast to be a helicopter.  He put his eyes up to the magnification, his eyes widened in horror and jaw dropped in astonishment. “That isn’t good.”
	“What?” Ben snatched the binoculars out and was spared a moment to get the same view.  His eyes were haunted by a pair of fixed wing planes, turbines mounted above and behind the wings, and a single seat pilot’s hatch staring them down  As close as they were, the heat waves could be visualized behind the approaching fighters.  Ben slammed his hand on the cruiser’s alarm system.
	In the next second, the room flooded a blinding red aura.  An inconveniently loud blare echoed across the entirety of the ship.  Terrence and Ben dropped flat on the ground, the blink of an eye before automatic rounds ripped through the windows with ease.  An endless stream of gold tracers, like a line of greased lightning that invaded the bridge and damaged more than half of the systems inside.  With the sounds of shattering glass and metal settling, a wicked hum of dual engines ripped through the broken glass.
	“What the hell’s happening?” Robert demanded over the radio.
	Ben carefully grabbed his walkie from the desktop and quickly backed himself against a wall. “They’re hitting us again.  Full scale this time, though.”
	“What does that mean?” Rob stepped onto the top deck, his eyes distantly making out two silhouettes above the city circling for another run.
	“They sent fighter planes!” Ben yelled.
	Rob witnessed the final bearing made by both pilots.  They seemed to lunge forward at an incredible rate, directly toward a painted target. “Take them out of the sky!” He ducked as another shrill echo of the GAU-8 cannon dispersed from both craft in the same instant.  Massive caliber bullets impacted with enough force to penetrate the cruiser’s titanium hull.  In the outpost’s fortune, everyone was on the ground to avoid the deadly weaponry.  Rob lifted his head again to see the underbellies of both aircraft which flew less than fifty feet above the cruiser.
	Entering the ship’s defensive range, a Phalanx dome spun up counter fire.  As the second craft flew over the cruiser, a number of bullets without a doubt made a significant impact.  A trail of black smoke followed the wingman’s plane, yet it remained airborne.  Her pilot took a glance through the canopy. “I’m taking a bit of shrapnel, One.  Suggest we stop making dangerous moves.”
	“Right,” the leading pilot answered. “Thunder One to Echo One.  We’ve given you your window.  Make it hurt down there.” He led the duo of fighters away from the airspace, mindful to stay below the radar and avoid response from a missile impact.
	In the seat of a Huey helicopter, a pilot stole a glance at the mayhem in the bay.  Both aircraft were heading further inland so to further distract the cruiser’s systems.  Hiding the spinning blades of this craft was fairly difficult, and so they stayed as close to the ocean surface as possible. “Echo One copies all.” He nodded to the co-pilot.
	In response to his gesture, the man riding in the left seat peered into the rear compartment. “Two minutes to the LZ.”
	Among a unit of five soldiers, Devon nodded graciously.  He’d been waiting for a chance to strike back.  They’d killed too many friends of his.  It was only fair that he killed some of theirs.  Across a space of twenty meters, another Huey shared an identical look.  Both were loaded with a unit of vicious militants.  Everyone wanted their payback.  As soon as Carver sanctioned this, his men were begging for the chance to deal vengeance.  Only the best were picked for this op.  Only the most dangerous could achieve the one thing their hearts desired.
	In the bridge, another warning light flared.  On the radar, two unidentified signatures appeared from nowhere.  A propulsion system capable of such speeds couldn’t be mistaken.  The fighters were launching missiles. “Hit the deck!” Ben screamed.  Two warheads streaked across the bay with no relent and superior speeds.  Before he spoke, the anti-missile Phalanx was on top of both heat signatures on a course for direct impact.  As the gap narrowed to 500 feet, an explosion crested in the absence of one missile.  Changing target to the other left a moment of unrest.  Finally, less than fifty feet from its target, the second warhead detonated in the sky.
	“Ben,” Rob looked through the smoky remnants to see both fighters circling the city again. “You got anything to take them down?”
	Ben growled angrily. “As long as they’re under the radar, I can’t touch them!”
	Robert was also frustrated.  More a feeling of horror than anything else.  As long as these pilots kept their wits, they could throw their payload indefinitely until one ran out of armament or the other ran out of defenses.  Not a soul on the cruiser would believe this as nothing more than a smokescreen. “Jake, you think you can snipe them out of the air?” His question was redundant.
	Jacob rolled his eyes from ground level inside the Marine Corps Recruit Depot. “Sorry, boss, I don’t have heat-seeking bullets.” His answer was just as sardonic.  In the next moment, a wave of air current soared in the area immediately following the fighters’ pass overhead.
	A few seconds later, the two planes shot past the cruiser though this time without firing a shot.  Ben had his thumb on the trigger, waiting to fire off a RIM-162 anti-air missile and just waiting for a radar signature.  While the two planes were circling, the damaged fighter lost enough control to skim into the dead zone.  Ben punched the button as hard as he could, his sight momentarily blinded by the launching missile’s plume of smoke.
	Just as powerful as the enemy’s munitions shot at the cruiser, the anti-air missile pushed through the clear sky to find its target.  A fin-stabilized warhead locked onto the searing heat given off by the dual engine craft could make the hardest of maneuvers to maintain its target.  The A-10 Thunderbird was a slower plane than most fighters in action today using props rather than afterburners.  Beyond that, the pilots didn’t consider countermeasures, fully believing they’d inflict a wound and make it home.
	The damaged plane swung out of formation on an erratic path, diving low to the ground and undergoing high-gee turns.  Though they may have momentarily dissuaded the pursuing warhead, it kept its prey in sight until a deciding moment thirteen seconds in her flight.  The right engine suffered a direct impact, part of the tail and right wing taking unparalleled damage from the blast, shockwave, and shrapnel.  Trapped in a wild spin, she fell into the city and left trace amounts of a fireball and mushroom cloud in the wake of her crash.
	 Rob kept his guard up, his eyes scanning the only plane in the air as it grew more and more distant on a bearing south toward Mexico. “This isn’t over,” he assumed. “Ben,” he called on the radio.
	“One down, Bobby.  Looks like the other’s bugging out.”
	“No,” Rob shook his head. “He’ll be back.  Keep your eye in the sky…good shot, by the way.”
	Ben smirked delightfully. “Don’t mention it,” he replied off comm.
	Hearing the feedback, Jacob wasn’t too concerned of more retaliation.  One plane had been taken down, and though it may have been luck, the enemy didn’t need to know that.  In the rare case of a continued assault, he’d prefer the cover of a roof if a missile were to strike.  Around him, the half dozen or so first to respond were already on their way back.  But something caught his ears by surprise. “Hey Gus, taking to the skies a little early?”
	Gustavo picked up his radio, still half asleep in his bunk. “What are you talking about?”
	Jacob’s heart skipped a beat.  In the next moment, his head turned to see two more aircraft foreign to their people.  Iroquois helicopters, the rotor blades an individual sound doubled in volume by their sudden appearance over the horizon. “Contact!” Jacob lifted his rifle to fire.
	Before Jacob could fire his shot, automatic fire from door-mounted guns ripped into the grounds of the base.  The Major felt an urge duck him inside the building just before the heavy shells tore holes through the steel doors.  He backed himself further into the building, unwilling to suffer a pain of that magnitude.
	Hearing the echoes of gunfire, Rob raised his comm. “Report!”
	Jacob diverted into an office where he answered the call, his eyes peering through an adjacent window to see both helicopters landing inside the base. “We’re taking fire over here, too!” San Clemente’s methods were precise, to attack both locations of their foe simultaneously.  He dropped his radio upon first sight with uniformed soldiers departing the aircraft.  In the next instant, a shattering glass pane signaled another kill for Jacob and a place for the enemy to focus fire.
	The marine sprinted out of the office moments after his shot.  An immediate retort to his single shot came from the mounted gun on one of the landed Hueys.  He ducked into the adjacent hallway and found himself speeding to the other side of the structure to avoid a most certain death.  Safely tucked inside an opposite office, Jacob expelled the empty shell from his rifle.
	Both teams with the support of door guns managed to penetrate the closest edifice to their landing zone.  Devon took charge of one squad as he led them into the building.  He was also the first to go down on unfamiliar territory, feeling the first layer of marine defenses lying in wait.  A hall previously known for drill instructors screaming obscenities at recruits was now bathed in bullets and blood.  Tracer rounds filled an ocean of this small void in either direction.  A gap of ten feet from the door, sandbag barricades set up for an imminent strike.
	In the same instant the skirmish began, both sides absorbed casualties.  While Devon took a less than fatal gunshot to the thigh, he stayed his rifle from combat and preferred the comfort of an adjacent classroom.  Just outside the threshold he could see his men falling to concentrated fire.  But they weren’t the only ones to fall.
	One PFC was wounded by a severe dose of gunfire through unprotected clothing.  Bleeding out on the ground, the sounds of battle began to fade.  Another rifleman remained at his side until the pain subsided and the breathing stopped.  The outpost brought a war to the doorstep of an unrelated ally.  Lives of their own, faithful and dedicated soldiers and recruits who originally wanted to serve their country.  Lives taken by men who had once been part of the country they wished to protect.
	On the cruiser, support didn’t seem likely.  But the courageous didn’t sit on the water and wait for it to end.  Rob jumped into the Seahawk, shortly accompanied by Chad and Gustavo.  The pilot already knew he was going to be enlisted for this job, being the only certified pilot onboard. “What about the other plane?” Gustavo asked just after firing the turbines.
	“I’m more worried about our people on the ground,” Rob answered.  Selflessness rarely proved more than suicide wishes.  But anybody this selfless wasn’t really concerned whether they lived or died, so long as they could rescue their kin.  Gustavo rose the chopper hovering above the deck.  The chopper’s body swung and her nose tilted toward the ground base.
	The radar spiked inside both of the landed Hueys.  A copilot was on the air within a second of registering the service tag approaching rapidly. “Echo One, we’ve got incoming.  Recommend ground teams fall back immediately.”
	Devon clambered to his feet. “Roger that, Echo One,” he responded.  His eyes darted to the surviving six others. “Retreat!” Though some were taken off guard by the rapidity of their assault and withdrawal, few were going to question their leader.  Most heard the report of incoming and didn’t want to see what that incoming may have been.
	Last out the door was Devon, who reacted from another shot to the vest.  The bullet bounced off, but was sufficient to knock him on the ground.  The next man in line didn’t hesitate helping carry him to the other Huey.  Five loaded onto the first chopper, and it was airborne long before Devon reached the safety of his own craft.
	Jacob heard the rotor blade sounds diminish by half.  The report of gunfire subsided almost immediately after it started.  Two members of the recruit depot had lost their lives in a small frame of time.  Killing them was like killing his brothers.  Jacob stepped out the door, his eye down the scope to see one helicopter flying out of the airspace.  On the ground, two members of the attacking force were just boarding the other bird.  He lifted his aim ever so slightly before sending one more shot.
	The Iroquois left the ground a split second after Devon and his men boarded.  It would be a short flight, considering the trajectory of a sniper’s bullet.  It impacted the engine turbine.  Without a moment’s hesitation, the turbine suffered a small explosion.  Immediately following the fireball, the helicopter five feet off the ground spun uncontrollably.  It’s death-spin came to an end on an inverted axis, the rotors cutting into the ground and tearing into pieces.  After it skidded on the ground for a few more yards, the craft came to a quiet stop and a mixture of white and black fumes rose from the ashes.
	Jacob heard the approaching Seahawk, but his scoped eye kept a clean focus on the grounded Huey.  A communication disturbed him from his trance. “Everything okay down there?”
	Jacob kept his aim secure with one hand, the other picking out a walkie from his vest. “These guys aren’t going anywhere.”
	Rob confirmed it through his own rifle scope. “Roger that,” he glanced into the cockpit. “Go after the other one.”
	Gustavo became concerned. “What are you gonna do?”
	“Catch up to them and rip them apart with the door gun,” Robert had a look of fury on his face.  He wasn’t just going to let them get away.
	Gustavo rolled his eyes, “Whatever you say, boss.”
	Though the crew of the retreating Huey didn’t see the results, it couldn’t be more clear.  They would have lifted off by now.  Reluctantly, the copilot clicked his radio. “Echo One is down.”
	Jacob took a few steps forward.  The helicopter didn’t make a hard impact during its crash.  He guessed that most of the crew would have survived the crash.  Which meant he’d get the chance to make up for it.
	Devon peeked out from the door.  The crashed helicopter on its side made exiting the vehicle harder to accomplish.  He threw a loaded gun out first, then despite his gunshot wound to the leg, climbed out.  His second in command would have been right behind him, but the severity of the crash broke his neck.  At least he didn’t feel anything, Devon thought as he found level footing on the ground.
	The soldier picked up his rifle, but it just as quickly fell to the ground.  Devon clutched a fresh river of blood running down his wrist.  He took a second to check the wound, and another to see where it came from.  A single soul approaching with a gun leveled at him.  Devon didn’t have a way to escape this time.  There would come no second chance.  But all things considered, he wouldn’t become a prisoner of war.
	Devon reached for his pistol, only to feel the same well of agony run down the opposite forearm.  Whoever this was wanted him to suffer.  Devon ignored the pain.  He’d lost a lot of blood in a matter of seconds, dizzied by the lack of flow to the brain.  The man dropped to his knee.  The pistol laid only a few inches from his crimson-stained hands.  He took another look up.
	Jacob was within range where a sniper was an inconvenient choice.  He took up his sidekick, sure to check the revolver for all six hollow-points he fitted in this morning.  A look of rage in his eyes met the hopeless soul less than ten feet away.  A pull of the hammer. “You ready to die?” Jacob asked, stopping three feet from the man with his revolver raised.
	Devon lifted his head.  A trail of red ran down from his lip. “More than ever.”
	Without hesitation, Devon reached for his pistol on the ground.  His intent was to put it to his own head.  But Jacob reacted sooner.  Seeing the sudden jolt of movement, Jacob pulled the trigger.  His target fell back, lifeless with a hollow point through the head.  The marine stared down at his victim, an agonized burn in his eyes.  The only constant was death.
	In Gustavo’s pursuit of the other helicopter more than a mile ahead, the flight had taken them over the Pacific Ocean.  Keeping in mind the cruiser’s capabilities, the Huey pilot stayed under the radar.  Rob watched the water skim below less than twenty feet. “Give her more gas!” Rob urged.
	“This is as fast as I can go, Bobby!” Gustavo replied.  Robert leaned out as far as he could without the risk of falling.  Behind a quarter mile, the breaking tides didn’t concern him.  This pursuit could last several miles, but Rob wasn’t afraid if it would lead them all the way back to the island.
	Chad tapped Rob on the shoulder. “We should cut our losses, Rob!”
	“You wouldn’t understand!” Rob ignored Chad’s comment.
	Chad grabbed him by the collar and forced him back in the chopper. “I do understand!  You lost Derek and you’re pissed off about it!”
	“This has nothing to do with Derek!” Rob tried to lean back out, but Chad pinned him against the seat.
	Chad’s eyes never bore such a tone as they did now. “This has everything to do with Derek!  But it isn’t worth killing yourself!  We need you back there!” He paused, loosening his forearm under Rob’s chin. “Lexie needs you.”
	“She’s all yours, Chad!” Rob tried to remove himself, but the slack tightened back up.
	“No,” Chad felt a rush of sorrow.  He wasn’t used to it. “She never was.” The two looked into each others eyes, seeing the torment each had been forced to survive. “And she never will be.”
	Their argument was cut short by a blaring alarm.  Gustavo spun his head back. “The fighter’s back!  It’s locked missiles!”
	A second wasn’t wasted in doubt.  Chad dove head first out of the helicopter.  Gustavo followed, falling directly out of his door.  Robert hesitated, stuck in a crossroads.  To die now and never look back.  To see Nicole again.  To finally be free.  But he couldn’t abandon the outpost.  Robert dove from the helicopter and not a moment too soon.  Right behind their narrow escape, the Seahawk disintegrated in two successive fireballs.  Her occupants fell fifty feet into the open water below.  Above the helicopter’s fireball, the A-10 Thunderbolt flew unhindered.
	Her pilot stole a glance back at the wreckage tumbling into the waters. “Echo Two, you’re clear all the way home.”
	Robert’s head was last to rise from beneath the surface.  Not too far ahead, the smoldering helicopter sunk, where the flames soon extinguished.  He didn’t think about what came over him.  He was simply tired of the status quo, getting picked on day in and day out.  Wondering if their misery would ever truly end. “Anyone dead?”
	Chad spat out saltwater from his mouth, “Close enough.  What was all that about, Bobby?”
	Gustavo was stunned to have lost his helicopter. “Thanks for blowing up my passion,” he held back tears, but the ocean water could hide it easily enough.
	“Sorry,” Rob answered. “I lost myself.” Chad was right.  He did want revenge for Derek’s death.  But he couldn’t accomplish it knowing something else was tearing his spirit apart.  Another murderer had yet to receive his due consequence. “This won’t go without a fight.” He knew he was right.  After this attack, the marines would either be all for attacking San Clemente, or all for disbanding from Outpost Seven.  One way or another, the bridges anchoring them to San Diego were burning one by one.

Day 706 Part II
Revelations

	The mid-afternoon following a sequel attack had its pros and cons.  A sole fighter plane touched down on the north airstrip of San Clemente.  Everyone on the island heard of their losses more than an hour ago.  But they also heard of how an enemy helicopter was shot down in the ocean.  War had its wins and losses.  Every loss of limb for their enemy was another win for their much larger conglomerate.
	The Warthog’s pilot stepped out of the canopy once the plane came to a stop at the end of the airstrip.  His face showed frustration.  Losing a wingman hit him hard.  This was their first flight in more than a year and a half and it ended tragically for him, having lost a good friend.  He got a bit of revenge taking down the helicopter, but it wasn’t enough to satisfy him.  He wanted more.
	Carver and Miles were close to meet the pilot.  Neither had a face much happier than his.  It was a quick strike, but they’d lost good tech and half of their attack force in a matter of minutes.  Carver extended an arm. “Are you alright?”
	The pilot sighed. “Do you want me to be honest?” He walked away from the two without further comment.
	Carver slid his jaw in agitation.  Losing good men was hard to accept, but what choice did they have lately. “Let’s hope we did some damage.”
	“What are you going to throw at them tomorrow?” Miles asked in a rude voice. “It seems every time you okay an operation, we lose more guys and they lose nothing.”
	“They lost something this time,” Carver raised a finger. “They lost air support.”
	“Let’s hope you’re right,” Miles answered. “When are you going to hit them again?”
	“We need time to organize.  I didn’t expect them to take down a plane and helicopter.”
	Miles scoffed. “What did you expect?  We didn’t hijack that ship like you planned on.”
	Carver growled, “What do you want me to do, then?”
	“We’ve got a bargaining chip rotting away--”
	“He’s not a bargaining chip.  The man who killed my brother will not escape with his life.” He let a smirk come to his face.
	“I know that look.  You need to feed your addiction again.”
	“Addiction?” Carver asked.
	Miles shrugged. “You treat your interrogations and tortures like heroin.”
	“One difference,” Carver raised the same finger, “Heroin kills the user.  You don’t see me dying of overdose or withdrawal.”
	“Yeah, but you want to feed it every minute.” Miles rolled his eyes as the other walked away, on course for the docks.  The prisoner had been moved onto a freighter in deeper water off the coast of the island last night.  Regardless of the drug his superior had to intake, he had other matters to deal with.  A few meters away, the Huey hovered over a landing pad.  Miles started for the departing crew. “Bad day?” He asked after reaching the first to step off the helicopter.
	“Could have been better,” the mercenary replied simply.
	“Look at the bright side.  We took their bird out of the air, too.”
	“One for two.  They aren’t out of the air yet.”
	Miles shrugged, “We’ll take that into account for the next feud.”
	“We going back soon?”
	“Who knows?  Carver’s on his way to torture the prisoner again.  Talk to him once he’s high again.”
	“What?” The soldier was perplexed.
	“Inside joke.”
	Onboard the farthest freighter at sea, Sandra Moser looked out over a flat, blue landscape.  A cigarette in her hand was burned to the end, but she wasn’t relieved of any mounting stress.  The revelations of her father’s identity was shocking enough to put her in a coma.  Thankfully Derek didn’t know or in his weak state he might have recessed into such a fate.
	Not too far away, Kendall brushed his fuzzy head of hair. “I thought you quit smoking.”
	Sandra giggled in an attempt to hide her dismay. “Most people quit seven times.”
	“Most people didn’t live past the end of the world, either.  You ready to come clean?”
	“Not really,” she leaned her head over the edge, staring down into the deep blue.  This wasn’t the kind of secret Sandra could keep indefinitely, especially from him.
	Kendall chuckled. “We’ve been together for how long now?”
	“Three years,” Sandra answered. “I’m still waiting for a proposal.”
	“Yeah,” Kendall raised an eyebrow. “Next time I see a jewelry store, I’ll pick the most expensive rock in there just for you.”
	Sandra giggled, “You think you can pay for it?”
	“I don’t think anyone will miss it.”
	Sandra had her focus taken away as Carver stepped onto the deck, arriving from a journey three miles away on the island.  He disappeared below deck on a beeline for the cargo holds. “I want to tell you.  I just don’t know how you’ll take it.”
	“I’ll take it however you need me to,” Kendall brushed her arm. “I’m obligated to.”
	“If I said I was considering leaving the island, how would you respond?”
	Kendall let a deep sigh out. “Where would you go?”
	“I was going to wing it.  Maybe San Diego.”
	“San Diego?” Kendall chuckled. “That’s where that cruiser and those murderous thugs are.”
	“Are we really so different from them?” Sandra peered an excruciating look in his eyes.
	Kendall leaned in close by her ear, “Trust me, I’m with you whatever you do.”
	Sandra smiled faintly at him. “Brace yourself.” The words were hard to muster.  She was putting faith in a good man, but good men were good at dying over the last week. “It’s my dad.”
	Kendall tilted his head awkwardly. “I thought you said he was dead.”
	“I thought he was,” Sandra dryly replied, “until I saw him yesterday.”
	Kendall turned away, scanning the ocean and trying to make sense of it all.  It finally hit him. “Derek?” He glanced back to see her nodding her head.  Her lips were quivering again. “How?”
	She grimaced. “He fell into my lap.”
	“Do you know what you’re going to do?”
	“What?” Sandra asked. “You expect me to bring this to Carver?  He’d kill my dad, then kill me for being a thorn in his side.”
	“You don’t know that.”
	Sandra shook her head. “My father killed Dylan.  Carver’s not going to let that go.”
	“What did you have in mind?  A grand escape?”
	Sandra clenched her teeth. “I have no idea what I’m going to do, Ken.  Please stop asking me.”
	As the voltage of a taser hit near fatal amperes, Derek screams only intensified to the point where his torturer’s ears started to hurt.  Derek’s vision blurred more with every second voltage seared bare skin.  His eyes rolled back with enough damage to stop the heart.  Carver inhaled the smell of burning skin, the aroma almost therapeutic to him.  He chuckled before pocketing the weapon. “Wake him up.  I’ll be outside.”
	Beside him, a Hispanic laughed. “You don’t wake up your victims yourself?”
	“Used to,” Carver started for the stairs. “I like to exert my authority from time to time, though.  Keep your wits long enough, Rodrigo, you may get to do the same.”
	Rodrigo smirked, “Is that a promotion?” His question didn’t receive an answer as Carver quickly left the cell.  Rodrigo approached the limp body and slapped a hand across Derek’s face. “Rise and shine.” It didn’t meet success.  That seemed odd.  This guy had always been a light sleeper.  He pressed his hand around Derek’s neck to find a pulse absent. “Damn it,” Rodrigo said.  Without wasting a moment, he lowered the body from its suspension.
	A pirate stepped around the corner, “What’s going on?”
	“He doesn’t have a pulse.” Rodrigo tilted Derek’s head back, opening the airway passage.
	“You’d better bring him back.  Carver ain’t the kind to forgive for something like this.”
	“Hey, don’t go blaming me.  Carver pushed him too far,” Rodrigo said, pumping his hands firmly on Derek’s chest. “Can’t say I didn’t see this coming.  Besides Carver promised to send this guy to hell for a preview.” Rodrigo pushed two lungs full of air down Derek’s mouth.  No response.
	“I’m going out for a smoke.  If I come back and you haven’t brought him back, let it go.” The man left at that, leaving Rodrigo to himself to concentrate.  Another set of pumps on the chest, and two lungs filled with carbon dioxide.  Barely two minutes under, Derek inhaled a breath of life with sheer terror flowing through his bloodshot eyes.  Spotting one of the men who had tortured him for so long so close to him now, Derek’s adrenaline went into overdrive within a second of revival.
	The prisoner, chains still linking his hands, wound his arms around the mercenary’s neck with precision and speed that Jacob would applaud.  Before he had a chance to respond, Rodrigo was flailing his legs and arms trying to lessen the pressure of metal chains squeezing tightly around his neck.  Derek clenched his teeth, separating his arms as far as they could go.  Rodrigo could only inhale.  Hatred swelled with every ounce of pressure Derek forced, only matched by the furious look in his eyes staring directly into those of his warden.  No single breath would leave his body if Derek said so.  Force gave way, snapping three different vertebra out of place and killing Rodrigo in the moment.  Derek glanced around the empty corridor.  Distant voices could be heard echoing throughout the freighter, but none were close enough to hear Rodrigo’s desperate last breath.
	As the adrenaline subsided in Derek’s subconscious, he finally drew an exhale, the first one since his death.  The chained prisoner located Rodrigo’s holster, swiping a Grizzly Win Mag from the corpse’s right leg.  His body was still in pain, the electric burns still hurting as bad as when the taser was hitting him.  That said nothing to the scalding incisions still trailing their chemical agony.
	Holding the weapon in his hand was a problem unto itself.  Every bone of every finger were subject to the brutal thumbscrew.  Even the slightest movement brought forth relentless throbbing.  He let out a deep breath, trying to deny the pain sensations rushing him.  Only now did he feel the full force of every single thing they’d done to him.  Carver said he had a whole lot more mess to make with Derek.  Derek wasn’t about to waste his only chance for freedom to suffer the wrath of Carver.
	Derek kept the pistol in his left hand while he scrounged the pockets of Rodrigo for a key.  Some fervent searching found him a chain with three keys.  One by one he checked and soon enough had the chains removed from his wrists.  Now onto the next phase: escape.  The possibility of drowning was very likely in Derek’s position, which made him require a vessel of some sort.  There was no getting around it, he was horrifically outnumbered and in variable agony from the broken bones, chemical incisions, and electric burns.  Derek slowly lifted himself with his left hand.
	The first time on his feet without the ability to exercise in almost a week made it feel like he’d never walked before.  Derek fell against a nearby container, managing to catch himself there and not fall.  A dark world shaped itself differently.  During his captivity, his prison made everything vertical for the most part.  Now that he was on his feet again, it didn’t seem so tall anymore.  He used his right forearm as a support to hold the gun.  It was heavier than he remembered.  However, he was malnourished.  Much of his muscle mass deteriorated from lack of even the slightest exercise.  His mental health was also broken.  Something he’d seen in the afterlife had brought him back with trepidation all about him.  He shook violently through his careful sneak through the ship.
	Derek pushed himself forward.  A single stairway at the far end of the hull bore the only illumination out of this pit.  Before departing, he stripped the windbreaker from his dead savior.  A hint of remorse crossed his mind. “Sorry it had to be this way,” he killed the man who saved his life.  But it was necessary.  Derek fit the jacket over his bare back and started forward.  Ascending from the darkness, Derek spun his head a full rotation to check the floor above.  Nobody was nearby, though voices echoed down the halls and bounced off walls.  Gun raised, Derek climbed the last few steps before his feet touched level flooring.
	Just entering this new territory, his fear spiked.  Footsteps growing louder diverted him into empty quarters.  Derek slid the compartment door shut.  His ear planted against the door and the noise sent a shiver down his spine.  Fortunately, he avoided detection by a fraction of a second.  The outward sounds of two unknown enemies faded soon after they came.
	It dawned on him shortly after leaving the cramped quarters.  He was in a race against the clock.  The person he killed would mark a signal flare.  Not to mention he, the prisoner, was missing from his restraints.  He had the element of surprise, but it wouldn’t last forever.
	Derek rushed himself down the hall, traveling where the pair of sentries came from.  Wasn’t the smartest idea walking toward a plausible hostile presence.  Intelligence didn’t matter much in the current circumstance.  Escape from a ship was exponentially more difficult than escape on land.  Derek didn’t have any experience in this kind of situation.  His only safe haven was across more than fifty miles of open water.  His variable opposition was less than ten feet away at any given time.  The odds were against him.  But he’d made it this far and there was no turning back.
	Another floor up, Derek was left an ultimatum.  Two sentries armed with automatics stood at either end of a corridor effectively blocking his path.  Derek realized the bridge was his best bet.  He couldn’t escape alone, and intended to hail the Mobile Bay for rescue.  This long without any word, they probably took him for dead when the drill platform went down.  He needed to rectify that mistake.  Taking into account the number of people he nearly crossed paths with already, the bridge was bound to host more.  If need be, he’d do whatever necessary.
	Derek had two flights yet to climb before accessing the control room.  The path ahead was questionable as to security, and opening fire now would press him for time.  His second option was just as risky, having to step outside to climb an external stairwell.  The outside may have been doubly watched.  It was a gamble he’d have to make.
	Derek peered out the open door.  Chatter on the deck was indistinct, many of the freighter’s crew going about their work.  Nothing sounded off, which meant his escape wasn’t yet discerned.  Around the threshold, he quickly swung his head back behind cover.  The adjacent stairwell wasn’t protected by any armed guard, but instead a device.  An oscillating security camera swiveled back and forth between the doorway and stairwell.  Its viewfinder was raised to identify the faces of anyone using this access.  Blind spot, Derek thought to himself with an apprehensive inhale.
	The camera looked away, and Derek didn’t skip a beat.  He dashed from the doorway, on course for the corner where he planted his back against the wall.  A glance up at the device showed it swinging back to the doorway he previously occupied.  Derek summoned the courage to keep going, and dashed a few yards to the stairwell.  He rapidly stepped above the camera’s line of sight before it could identify him.
	Though he didn’t consider guard patrols on the next level up, Derek was fortunate to be clear of any eyes.  Derek quickly stepped back inside another open door.  He let out a breath of relief before continuing.  The next bend featured one guard walking a line back and forth down an adjoining corridor.  Each time he passed the hallway intersection, he would scan the crew quarters hallway Derek needed to pass through.
	As soon as the patrol looked away, Derek tiptoed down the hall.  He dipped into an open dorm just before the guard returned.  Two seconds to secure himself, Derek then glanced out of the quarters to see which direction he needed to travel.  A sign mounted to the roof featured a picture of stairs beside an arrow pointing right.  As subduing this man would be hard pending his physical condition, he’d have to avoid a fight completely.
	Derek left the dorm and lightly ran to the edge of the T-intersection.  He didn’t waste a second to look either way.  As quick and quiet as possible, he dashed opposite the patrol.  Just before the guard would look back, Derek’s figure disappeared into the stairwell access.  These lucky misses were something he didn’t like to narrowly achieve.  Too many risks were being made with an expected minimal profit.
	Derek centered his aim down iron sights while he neared the crest of stairs.  More voices grew louder with every step he took.  The moment of truth.  Derek peeked above the edge.  Inside were four people speaking about something.  Something too relative.
	Miles perked up. “We’ve wasted enough time chipping away at them.  This last attack took one of their helicopters out of the air, but we also lost two aircraft.”
	“What’s your recommendation?” Another voice asked.
	“The Marine Corps air station in Miramar.” Miles replied.
	“What about it?”
	Miles tapped his fingers. “We send in a team to the base.  They’re sure to have some munitions and aircraft left over.  We load up a plane and drop a bomb on their ground base.”
	Derek’s teeth clenched in rage.  More of the party spoke up. “What’s that going to accomplish?”
	“It’ll cut their numbers and hopefully demoralize them into surrender.  If that doesn’t--” Miles cut himself off, petrified at a swift foe.
	Derek had a gun pressed to the head of one of Miles’ men.  He wrapped his victim in a chokehold to prevent getting shot. “I’ve heard enough,” he spoke through clenched teeth.
	“How did you get here?” Miles asked.
	Derek growled, “I’ve got the hostage, I’ll ask the questions.  Understood?”
	Miles stole a glance at his handgun on the desk.  He nodded, “Ask away.”
	“You want to attack my people again?”
	“Yes,” Miles nodded, “it’s part of war.”
	Derek shook his head. “My people don’t want your war.  They’re just trying to survive.”
	“Sacrifices have to be made for the greater good.” Miles made a double take when Derek cocked the hammer. “What do you want?”
	“Freedom.”
	“Not gonna happen,” Mile shook his head. “You’ll be dead before you get off this ship.”
	“Fine,” Derek stepped closer with his shield in hand. “I want my one phone call.”
	Miles nodded. “I can grant that.  Not like it’ll do much good.” He leaned across the desk, fiddling with a frequency dial. “What’s the number?” Mid-question, his free hand reached for the pistol.  Derek never lost focus.  As soon as he spotted foul movement, he squeezed the trigger.  Though his fingers were broken, the adrenaline rush washed away most of the pain.
	A blisteringly loud shot rang out across the bridge and rest of the ship.  All eyes outside of the control room looked in.  Derek accepted the sudden change.  Kill or be killed.  But in this next moment, he might just end up dead.
	Four responsive shots rang out in his ears, the forceful impacts into his human shield pressing him backwards.  The volume of gunfire increased, causing Derek to lose his footing.  As yet another bullet fired, Derek’s back hit an outside railing and toppled him over.  He clutched his bullet-riddled hostage in a freefall twenty feet.  In the last moment, a shift of momentum threw the dead man beneath him.  With a deafening thud, both bodies hit the deck.
	Derek was shaken up.  It knocked the wind out of him, but he was still alive.  He collected a pistol from his victim’s holster a split second before footfalls registered in close relation.  Automatic fire peppered the body in which Derek took refuge.  In a small gap to reload, Derek threw his gun over the body and pounded out three shots.  Though only one hit, the bullet was of sufficient caliber to put his foe on the ground.
	He clambered to his feet.  The sounds of approaching gunmen didn’t appease him.  Wild fire from above started to pop off around his person.  Derek sprinted away from the bridge, hoping to find a life raft of some sort.  He didn’t have any options to begin with.  From the start he’d been winging it.  Derek hated to assume this could be the end.  It wouldn’t be the end, he forced himself to believe.
	In an attempt to lose multiple pursuing enemy combatants, Derek diverted into the maze of colored containers.  Triple stacked with alleyways only thin enough for one man to edge between.  Derek traveled as fast as he could deep into the complex assortment.  He carefully looked around a corner at a four way intersection.  The sounds were close, but they had lost track of him for the most part.  It was a short success when a gunshot resounded right behind him.
	Derek slid behind the corner before a second shot could make impact.  His response was immediate and brutal, shooting four blind shots down the alley.  In a terrified position, he wasn’t calculating rounds expended.  He only had one clip and didn’t bother to prioritize that.  One thing was on his mind: getting out alive.
	The pursuing gunman fell as a result of one direct impact as well as a ricocheted bullet down the narrow corridor.  With a quick glance to see his dying enemy, Derek sprinted down, hoping to reach the opposite edge.  He sprinted across four sets of rectangular stacks.  His fifth, one from the opposite side of the ship, was hindered by his most treacherous enemy.
	Carver was waiting, hidden a few steps behind the adjacent container.  When Derek appeared, he let off one shot.  Derek accepted the bullet to his shoulder, spinning about and crashing into the floor.  Before his brain could conceive the pain, Derek was throwing back every round at the source of his injury.  Five unrelenting shots that he didn’t bother to aim.  He was too busy crawling away.  His sixth pull of the trigger resulted in not a blast, but a click.
	His torturer appeared around the corner, holstering his pistol with a snide grin on his face. “Are you ready to die?”
	Derek blatantly admitted the truth. “No,” he’d seen his share of the other side, and it wasn’t the glorious afterlife Robert had described.  It was the complete opposite, absolute hell.
	Carver chuckled, “Good.  Now it will come to you.” He didn’t expect Derek to fling the empty piece of metal at Carver with all the force he could muster.  The Navy man took a blow to the gut and reeled forward by the suddenness of its impact.  When his eyes looked back up, they witnessed Derek back on his feet running for the edge of the ship.
	Derek denied the pain sensations.  He was injured severely.  With a bullet in his left shoulder, he couldn’t possibly make it to the mainland.  The ocean’s wildlife would snuff him out before he got one mile.  But to die by the hands of nature, he was more than ready to choose over a vicious murder by the one who had brought him to the brink of death already.  The edge loomed closer.  Sound faded from his hearing as he prepared to dive.  His last step on the deck, he closed his eyes and prepared for the cold embrace of water.
	It never came to that point.  Derek was wrestled back by the collar of his vest.  His head slammed against the deck, eyes spinning to see Carver holding a pistol to his head.  The weapon clicked. “See you in hell.” Derek wouldn’t accept that.  His right hand slapped the handgun off its mark, while his left gripped Carver’s ankle.  He rapidly withdrew his grip, forcing Carver to the ground.
	Derek tried to get on top of his attacker, but Carver was more than ready for a fight.  In the instant, a kneecap collided with Derek’s cheek.  Carver spun about, one hand squeezing Derek’s neck, the other reaching for the dropped gun.  His powerful enemy pressed the barrel of the sidearm into Derek’s fresh gunshot wound.  Derek screamed, his vision narrowing and obscured of the building crowd.  Oxygen was being cut from his brain.  He had to get the upper hand, and now.
	He saw it at the last second.  Derek tore a blade away from Carver’s vest, and with all the strength he could muster plunged it into his attacker’s underarm.  The grip around his neck loosened for but a moment, as Carver was enthralled by the pain.  It still wasn’t enough.  Carver was too mentally strong to be taken down by one strategic hit.  Ten percent physical, this guy took it to heart.
	Carver dropped the pistol in order to remove Derek’s hand from the blade and remove the ferociously sharp dagger from his body.  He scanned the knife in perpetual ecstasy.  His own blood spattered across stainless steel. “I haven’t seen myself bleed for a long time.  It reminds me that I’m still human.” Carver lifted his arm, ready to jam the blade into Derek’s chest.  Derek reserved to his fate, eyes and teeth clenching in preparation of the end.  Carver thrust the blade down.
	“No!” Sandra screamed as she reached the front of the crowd.  Her eyes were horrified to see the knife.  Her body shook violently.
	Carver raised his eyes to see her. “What?”
	Derek slowly opened his eyes.  The dagger hung inches from his chest, a spatter of Carver’s blood spilling onto his exposed chest.  His breath was labored.  In this moment, he looked in the direction of the scream.  The feelings of anger, misery, and hopelessness he had come to face over almost two years fell from his psyche.  Staring only a few feet away, his daughter looked back with pleading eyes. “Sandy?” Derek was shocked to see his daughter alive and well, and of all places with these people.
	Carver looked back down at Derek, mystified in his gaze.  He holstered the knife, picked up the pistol, and smacked Derek against the head to disable him.  He rose to a stand, looking down at the unconscious body. “You’d better start talking right now.” Carver stomped toward Sandra.
	“You can’t kill him.” A tear was rolling down her cheek.
	“Why not?” Carver screamed in question. “He killed my brother!”
	Sandra gulped as Carver came within inches of her.  Her horrified gaze was slow to look up and make eye contact. “He’s my father.” The truth was out.  She didn’t know what to expect now.
	Carver tilted his head.  For a moment, he didn’t know how to take it.  A grin spread over his face. “Your father?” Carver asked, a cruel laugh partially obscuring his question.
	Sandra nodded, her eyes closed to fight back the agony of it all. “Yes.” A few paces back, Kendall was astonished.  He didn’t expect Carver to react this way.  Then again, nobody could expect Carver’s complex attitude.
	Carver’s laugh grew louder.  A few members of the crowd started to join him, while others were perplexed at the coincidence. “It doesn’t change matters, Sandra.  He killed my kin.”
	“I can fix this.” Sandra answered weakly.
	Carver’s laugh abruptly ended, as he took a handful of her hair and impressed the gun beneath her chin. “No,” his demeanor entirely evil. “I can fix this.” Sandra didn’t respond.  The barrel twisted against her chin, leaving a circular imprint. “Why didn’t you bring this to me sooner?”
	She opened her eyes to face him. “I thought you would just kill us both.”
	“That would be an accurate assessment,” Carver nodded.  He suddenly released her from his grasp. “It’s a good thing I like you.  Otherwise my blood wouldn’t be the only blood staining the deck.” he said as he walked away.  A few steps further, he looked down at the unconscious body of Derek. “Take this piece of meat back to the island,” he ordered to two of his lieutenants. “Make sure she,” pointing the gun back at Sandra, “doesn’t know where he is.” Carver walked away.
	Sandra fell to her knees.  Somehow both she and her father evaded death by inches.  A traumatized breath escaped her mouth.  She was numb to the dispersing crowd.  Her eyes saw nothing but the two men dragging her father away.  A hand pressed her back. “Are you okay?” Kendall whispered in her ear.  Sandra closed her eyes, confident in the presence of Kendall beside her, and buried her head in his arms.

Day 707
Making A Stand

	The aftermath to a horrendous strike didn’t pass well in a night or the following morning.  The majority of those on the ground weren’t filled with grief by the loss of two from their company.  They were angry.  Even an officer ranking Brigadier General had eyes bleeding with fury.  Who could blame them?  They didn’t want this war.  The outpost brought it to their doorstep.
	Outside of a fiery storm, Jacob lit a cigarette.  He came to a stop adjacent to his superior in rank. “I’m sorry this happened.” He couldn’t look Tom in the eye, fully believing he was responsible.  He alone had severed the division between the marines and the outpost.  And now two of Rayburn’s men paid the ultimate price.
	“Why?” Tom asked.
	“I’m the one who brought us together--”
	“No,” Tom raised a hand. “My question isn’t why you’re sorry, but rather why they struck us.”
	“Like I said, I brought our factions together.  Their deaths are on my hands.”
	“No, they’re not.” Tom sent Jacob a wicked stare. “Don’t go blaming yourself.”
	Jacob sighed. “If you don’t want us here, all you have to do is say so.”
	“Don’t want you here?” Tom was insulted. “You think you’re the reason for my people dying?” Jacob nodded.  It made the General laugh.  The first smile he’d shown in twelve hours. “You’re not.”
	“What do you mean?”
	“Those assholes offshore were picking on us from day one.  Trying to take supplies, weapons, ammo, anything they could from this base.  If you think Denny and James were the first to be taken from us by San Clemente, you’re dead wrong.”
	Hearing this news confused Jacob. “Why didn’t you tell me about this?”
	“I made a few indirect statements about it.  But bad history, I try to keep locked in the past where it belongs.  Unfortunately it isn’t that easy to lock away anymore.” The General waved for him to follow.
	The two began a short trek back to his office. “If I may propose, what would your next course of action entail?”
	Rayburn stopped at the door to contemplate. “If I could, my men and I would nuke that godforsaken island.” He opened the door. “The only problem, we never had the required personnel to make an impression, nor the technology.”
	Jacob clicked his teeth behind closed lips. “How would you strike them?”
	“It’s a foolish idea, Major, don’t pursue it.”
	“So, what are we going to do?” Jacob raised his voice. “Keep turning the other cheek?  How long do you expect us to last?”
	“If this escalates any worse,” Tom gulped, “I’d move my troops inland.  There’s plenty of room to go around.” The two entered his office.  Rayburn poured the rest of his whiskey bottle into two glasses. “Want to join me in a toast?”
	“I can’t let this go unanswered,” Jacob shook his head. “They killed our marines.”
	“My marines, Warren.  I transformed them from children to warriors.”
	“So you should be hungrier than I am.”
	Rayburn scoffed.  He took a drink, “I am hungry, Jake.  It doesn’t mean I’m suicidal.  If they didn’t have a thousand gunmen waiting for us on the beachheads, I would have been planning a counter-strike ages ago.”
	“You don’t have faith we can win?”
	“How could we?  They’ve got ten times our numbers with more expertly trained soldiers, not to mention fighter planes, helicopters, and whatever else we haven’t seen yet.  I know your track record, you never back down from a fight.  But this is something you have to let go.”
	“No,” Jacob shook his head. “They’ve already split my people’s blood.  My job is to keep them safe…my promise was to protect them.  I failed my daughter.”
	“Life is full of disappointments, Major.”
	Jacob rolled his eyes and started for the door. “We do have the advantage.  We’ve got a Navy ship armed to the teeth.  You can sit on your ass and let the cold blooded murder of your soldiers go…but I can’t.” The door slammed shut behind him.  Tom looked out the window.  A trail of smoke lifted into the sky from the source of the cremated bodies.  He was ashamed to feel the way he had.  A marine like he was always known for his undying loyalty to his men.  It was disgusting to accept their defeat without so much as a fight.
	A matter of seconds later, Jacob stepped into the mess hall housing Walter and a half dozen of his outfit.  Everyone needed but one look to see the fuel burning in his eyes. “Can’t say I didn’t see this coming.” Walter extinguished a nearly dead cigarette.
	The marine stopped beside their table. “I won’t blame you if you’re not interested.”
	Walt scoffed, “Not interested?” A grin spread across his face. “They killed our brother on that rig.  They killed some of the best men we’ve known since the end of the world.” Jacob tilted his head, perplexed of how Walter considered Derek following his passing. “We’re more than interested, Major.  We’re already discussing our insertion.” He pointed a finger down to the tabletop where a map of southern California and both outlying islands were marked.
	Jacob took a seat alongside Chad.  The latter brushed off his near-death experience of yesterday like just another day in the office.  And as there was nothing of love holding him to think rationally, all he wanted to do was kill. “Judging by the look in your eye,” Chad noted, “the General doesn’t agree.”
	“He thinks it’s a suicide mission.”
	“And that’s bad…how?” Logan asked from across the table. “Everyone’s gonna die sooner or later.  If we’re going down, we’re taking as many of them as we can with us.”
	Jacob cleared his throat. “What did your template consist of?”
	Walter smirked. “It’s a big island with a lot of big targets to strike.  If we want to make a mark, we’ll have to hit them simultaneously.”
	“You don’t have very many soldiers to do this with.  How many are in?”
	Walt smirked. “Every one of my guys I talked to wants in.  Even Scott.  A force fifteen strong, divided into three teams could do wonders if we all attacked simultaneously.”
	Chad pressed his index finger on the north tip of the island. “One of three objectives is the northern airfield.  Its modernized and most likely where they’ll be storing air support.”
	“Another point of interest is the docking bay to the northeast.” Walt marked with his own pointer.
	“Define point of interest,” Jacob grew concerned. “Last time we were there, must have been plus fifty boats docked.”
	“Yeah.  Whichever team goes in there is gonna need a lot of explosives.  We’ve got an untapped keg on the cruiser, the only problem will be weight.”
	Another matter made Jake edgy. “What about the encampment south of the docks?”
	“We’re not interested in hitting that,” Walt confirmed. “Too many hostiles to count fight.  Our third team will have to climb the cliffs east of the central airfield to reach it.”
	Chad smirked. “Our plan was, the team that lands here causes a commotion and turn heads away from the north.  It’s a risky idea.”
	“Regardless of how risky this operation is, we’ll need artillery support.” Walt looked out an adjacent window, in the direction of the bay. “We’ll need the cruiser in close range.”
	Mike raised a finger. “If the sonar base is still running, it could douse our entire stealth element.”
	Walt nodded, “And a sneaky insertion is our best bet to come out on top.”
	The odds didn’t seem well.  With the support of almost thirty marines, it may have been possible.  But a squad of fifteen, plus a Marine Corps sniper, the matter seemed bleak. “Are you sure we can pull this off?” Jake asked. “An attacking force of sixteen men doesn’t seem possible, even with the Mobile Bay at our backs.”
	“I made the mistake of turning my back on the outpost once,” Walter nodded. “Three people died because of it.  I’m willing to make the sacrifice.  Am I sure we can pull this off?” A laugh, “We were meant to pull this off.” He stopped, his eyes looking past Jacob at a concentration of fatigues entering the room.
	Jacob swiveled his head enough to see Tom leading all of the marines on base into the building.  He hated to go behind his superior’s back.  But did rank mean anything in this day and time?  Tom shook his head. “I can’t allow you to do this, Jake.”
	Jacob jumped to his feet, “You finally grow a conscience?”
	“I just can’t bear to watch my favorite marine go and get himself killed.”
	Walter rolled his eyes.  Chad spoke up in his silence, “The only way you’re gonna stop us is to put us in the brig.  Watch yourself, I throw a mean upper-cut.”
	“You can’t pull this off,” Tom shook his head.
	“We survived Nashville,” Walt took a stand. “I think we’ll do just fine.”
	“You think your platoon is invincible.  They’re going up against more men than they can carry ammunition to fight.  It’s not possible…not without support.”
	Jacob thinned his eyes. “What?”
	“Come on,” Tom tied a bandana over his forehead. “You think you’re the only ones who gets to die tonight?” A grin spread over his face.  Several of the marines nodded their heads enthusiastically.  They were in. “Besides, you’re not getting in from sea level.  Coastal patrols watch the dock and north strip.  You’ll need to go underwater.  The deep blue is like a second home to the marines.”
	“How do you know so much about them?” Walt asked.
	“We went in once before.  The operation was scrubbed before it began.  Shoreline patrols keep a close eye on every inch of coast.”
	“We didn’t see anything during our recon,” Walt admitted.
	“You got lucky.  Maybe caught them on a holiday or something.  Five hundred meters out from the shore, armored ships frequent every quarter mile of water.  You want to get in, you need to get past those patrols.”
	Jacob gave a deep sigh of relief. “Have you conferred with anyone on the cruiser yet?” His question directed at Walter.
	“I had a private talk with Rob about it.  Hopefully by now, he’s convinced the rest.”
	Onboard the bridge, Robert had assembled the majority of men on the cruiser.  Though none had former military trained besides the two veterans and only Gordon had experience behind a rifle, Rob’s lecture was starting to make a mark.  Some were still pessimistic.  Among them, Ben. “What’s your real incentive behind this attack?”
	Robert felt no reason to lie. “My honest answer, revenge.”
	Ben shrugged. “You dig your own grave yet?”
	“I’m not going to die,” Rob shook his head, “I’m not ready yet.  Nikki said so.”
	Gordon shrugged, “Who’s Nikki?”
	Ben rolled his eyes, “Dead girlfriend.”
	“Dead wife,” Rob corrected.
	Gordon clicked his teeth perplexedly, “I’m not even gonna ask.”
	“Consider everything we’ve been through.  From the day we went out to sea, they’ve been picking on us.”
	“Actually, we were picking on them until the rig went under.” Miguel pointed out.
	“Yeah,” Terrence smirked, “then they started using tactics.”
	“If this operation is to have any success, we’ll need the cruiser in close proximity to the island.” Gordon looked at the shattered window panes resultant of yesterday’s incident. “But if the sonar’s active, there’ll be no use trying to sneak in.  The island doesn’t have any active coastal defenses, they mostly rely on aircraft and boats to do the dirty work.”
	“We don’t require anyone on the cruiser to take part in the land assault.  Walt’s platoon is highly motivated to commit the strike themselves, even if the marines don’t back us.  For the most part, we’d only need some volunteers to launch artillery from the ship.”
	Ben sighed, “Well, you know there’s nothing I like to do more than blow shit up.  Terrence would have to agree with me.”
	“Run us through the attack,” Miguel requested.
	“It’ll need to be simultaneous, insertions from the north, northeast, and west sides of the island regarding three objectives: Both airfields and the docking inlet.  It’ll begin as a covert infiltration and necessary sabotage of any resources they may use.  We’ll stay covert as long as possible, but when we’re discovered sniper support from the air and the cruiser’s artillery needs to be utilized.”
	“Where are you going to be?” Justin asked next.
	“Jacob and I will be on the Seahawk to provide sniper support from the air.”
	“You got a door gunner?” Miguel asked.
	“No.”
	“You’ve got a volunteer.”
	Robert shook his head. “I can’t let you commit to this, Miguel.  There’s a risk the helicopter may be shot down during the assault.”
	Miguel scoffed. “No use talking me out of this, Bobby.  I don’t have much left to live for.  And I distinctly remember you saying you’re not going to die.  So technically the closer I am to you, the better off I’ll be.”
	Robert didn’t have much choice.  Miguel was one of those stubborn kids who’d ignore your every word.  No use fighting it. “Fine, you can take the gun.”
	Gordon was next. “I’ve got some training behind a sniper scope.” This should have raised a red flag, but Robert wasn’t one to calculate coincidence with allies. “Requesting permission to tag along.”
	“One more gun couldn’t hurt.” Rob nodded.
	The radio suddenly clicked, the voice of Jacob penetrating the bridge. “What’s your status, Rob?”
	Rob took the walkie in his hand. “We’re good to go over here.”
	“Rayburn’s boys are joining the fight.” The statement brought a grin to Rob’s face.  The more personnel they could allow for this engagement, the higher likelihood of success.
	“Justin, you have the most important responsibility.”
	“What would that be?” Justin felt he already knew the answer.
	“Keep the women and children safe.” Justin nodded without another word. “I’ll let them know what’s happening tonight.” Rob left the bridge, and soon after the others started to exchange words.
	Two flights down, Rob crossed paths with Zack.  Despite holding Abel in his arms, he heard the radio exchange from his jeans. “What’s good to go?”
	Rob stole a look at his feet. “Take care of your wife and baby, Zack.  That’s all you need to worry about.”
	Zack saw the look in his eyes, “You’re going back?” Rob nodded.  Rather than criticize, Zack returned a nod. “Give ‘em hell.” He turned about, on a course for his quarters where Savannah was getting some much needed sleep.  The last two days had been a message from hell and she almost lost her life in one of them.  Getting her hormonal balances back in place after the recent delivery, stress played a major factor in her well being.
	A short while later, Robert was knocking on the door to Brooke’s compartment.  It took a few seconds for her to reach the door.  Her eyes were still droopy when she opened the door. “Bobby,” she said in a gratified voice, “I’ve been wondering when you’d want to talk.”
	Rob did the same as he did with Zack, avoiding eye contact. “Look.  There’s something big going down tonight.”
	“Don’t keep me in suspense.”
	Rob took a deep breath, “We’re going to San Clemente.  We’re going to hit them hard, try to disable their technological advances over us.”
	She let out a sigh of apprehension. “There’s no talking you out of it, is there?” Rob shook his head. “So why’d you come to me?”
	“This mission doesn’t have a high likelihood of success.  Everything will need to go perfectly if we have any hope of making it out alive.  In case I don’t…I know you’ve always been a more logical thinker than anyone on this ship or on the ground.”
	“You want me to take charge?” Brooke’s eyes thinned.
	“If we don’t come back, I know you’ll take them wherever your heart leads.”
	“My heart’s always led back to you, Bobby.” Brooke smirked. “You managed to replace the son I could never see again.  If it wasn’t for you, none of us would be here today.”
	Rob clenched his teeth. “Promise you’ll take over in my stead.”
	Brooke shook her head, “I won’t have to.  You have a gift, Robert.  You’ve died twice and came back twice.  I don’t know if you’ll experience it a third time, but it won’t happen tonight.”
	“What makes you say that?”
	She grinned and leaned up to his ear. “You’re not the only one who talks to Nikki.”
	On the grounds of MRCD San Diego, all of the enlistment numbering 46 were hard at work.  Chad was unfortunate to be staring across a table at his least preferable of anyone who volunteered for this job.  Taking a pair of night vision goggles and fitting them into a rucksack, Lexie shot him a look back. “What?”
	Chad rolled his eyes, “Don’t you got something better to do tonight?”
	“The disco shut down years ago--”
	Chad cut her off, “I was being serious--”
	“So am I,” Lexie interrupted. “You try to join the outpost and dictate where I can shoot my gun?  I was here long before you.  And before you say anything else, Derek and Mitch were my friends.  I loved those guys like brothers.”
	Chad scoffed, “You’re in it for blood, then?”
	“Of course I am.  Look around you.  Who isn’t?” She finished topping off a magazine with cartridges before stuffing it into a waterproof satchel.  As she reached for her rifle, Chad put a hand on her wrist. “Just let it go,” she said, making eye contact with him.
	Chad hesitated, then abruptly pressed his lips to hers.  Lexie took it in, ignorant to the dozen onlookers who rooted and yelled their excitement.  He took his lips away from hers. “Be careful.  I don’t want to lose you.”
	She smirked, “Are you sure you ever had me?”
	Chad titled his head, “I wouldn’t mind.  I’ve been fighting for you long enough.”
	The gesture made her laugh.  She leaned in close and pecked him on the lips quickly. “I’ll let you know when Rob shoots me down again.”
	“You know, the two of us had a little breakthrough while we were swimming in the Pacific.  He told me to go for you.”
	“Rob never wanted me,” Lexie admitted. “He only wants what he can’t have anymore.”
	Chad licked his lips, “So, does that mean you’re going to stop pushing me away?”
	Lexie hesitated. “Ask me tomorrow morning.”
	A short distance down the way, Walter briefly considered taking a canteen, but thought better of it.  It only took a moment to recalibrate an ACOG scope onto his assault rifle.  Tom chuckled, “The likes of us stick to iron sights.”
	“That’s your preference,” Walter aimed through the scope. “I make a habit of hitting distant targets.”
	“What about the ones close up?” Rayburn considered.
	Walter drew a KA-BAR knife and spun it in his fingers. “I’m a conservative.  I try to save ammunition.”
	Tom chuckled. “You’re putting conservative out of context.”
	“I’m not talking politics, General.  Just the fundamentals.”
	Across the room, the elected leader of platoon designation Beta, Sergeant Major Samuel Lockwood had gathered his troop of twelve others. “We’re short a couple men to make this team a full fighting force.  Two people have graciously volunteered to fill the roster.  I don’t want to hear any complaints that they’re Army and you’re Marines.”
	Sergeant First Class Russell Place was a skip behind. “As of now, we’re one unit.  We’re the Yanks.”
	“Why couldn’t we be the Red Sox?” One of the younger men asked sardonically.
	“Or the Steelers?” Another cynic.
	Russ shook his head enthusiastically. “First of all, to hell with them.  If I had it my way, we’d be calling ourselves the Raiders.” He raised a hand to stop the crude responses from three or four. “Secondly, the namesake matches our calling.”
	“Regardless,” Sam interrupted, “We’re one unit of fifteen.  Another complaint I don’t want to hear is a girl is on our squad.  In fact, I don’t want to hear anything negative directed at either Lexie or Farad.”
	“All due respect,” Lance Corporal Eric Shaw lifted a finger. “We put up with a Hispanic Master Drill Sergeant who walks on prosthetic legs.  I think we’ve got enough experience to tolerate a chick.”
	“Cut the chatter,” Sam replied. “Find your axis…and prepare for a fight.”
	The mood on San Clemente Island was disturbed following the revelations of Sandra and Derek.  Most were sure she was faithful to the island and her people, but questioned the morality of executing her father despite his vicious actions.  Miles died early that morning after a complicated surgery.  And left in charge of the island, the one who Sandra least needed to be running things.
	Sandra stepped into an office on the north airfield.  Behind a desk, Carver wiped a smudge of dirt from his snub-nose revolver.  She approached silently, and took a seat in the chair facing him.  Carver set the pistol down. “I trust you know why I brought you here.”
	Sandra nodded. “I need to explain myself.” Carver gestured for her to continue. “I didn’t have a choice, Charles.”
	“My name isn’t Charles.  Charles died when Dylan died.  Charles died when your father murdered my brother.”
	Sandra wiped a tear from her eye. “What are you going to do to him?”
	“I haven’t decided yet.” He paused. “Do you still love him?”
	“What?” Sandra asked in disbelief.
	Carver reiterated, “Do you still love him?  Because I guarantee that man isn’t your father any longer.  Not after the things he’s done.”
	“My brother died from that virus.  My father didn’t want to tell me, it was only because he loved me so much that he spilt the truth.  After so long went by without knowing what happened to me, he resigned me to death as well.  My father thought he lost everything he loved.  But I found him.”
	“You didn’t answer my question,” Carver stated.
	“I can’t abandon my dad.  No matter what he did, I’ll always love him.”
	Carver rolled his eyes. “That wasn’t the answer I was hoping for.”
	Sandra clenched her teeth, “I’m sorry.  I have to be honest, especially now.  If you kill him, you’ll have to kill me too.”
	It made her cringe when she saw Carver’s hand wrap around the revolver.  He reached into his pocket and drew a single slug, a .357 hollow point.  Opening the chamber, he fitted it into one of the six holes. “Don’t issue me an ultimatum, Sandra, you’re not in any position to.” He spun the cylinder at its maximum revolution, the incessant clicking unbearable to hear in Sandra’s ears. “You ever hear about Russian roulette.”
	“I’m not putting a gun to my head, Carver.”
	“I’m not going to make you.  I can’t trust you, so why would I put a loaded gun in your hands?”
	Sandra gulped, “What are you doing, then?”
	“This is a test.  An immaculate test, to prove whether you should live or die.” Hearing it made Sandra clench her teeth even harder, to the point of her temples bulging. “When it comes to life or death, most people get the flip of a coin, a fifty-fifty chance.  But I’m giving you a roll of the dice, one-in-six.” He slammed the weapon on its side, effectively stopping the spinning loader.  It didn’t take him a second to pull the hammer and lift the weapon.  Sandra watched the barrel level at her head.  As the trigger pulled, she didn’t even flinch.  To her surprise, the blast of a gunshot didn’t immediately end her life.  She was only subjected to a faint click. “Looks like you get to live.” Sandra rose to her feet without a word.  Her eyes stared daggers into Carver’s until she turned for the door. “Aren’t you going to thank me?”
	Sandra reached the door. “Go to hell,” she said aloud.  The comment brought a grin to Carver’s face.  The door slammed shut behind her.

Day 708
The Only Easy Day

	A length of waves swashed a clump of rafts in an endless tide.  A moon fading behind a large cast of clouds.  Utter silence, not even the crash of breaking waves on the land mass two miles away.  The only thing these marines had were each other and the prayers of each other’s well being.  Some wouldn’t make it out of this, there was no doubt.  Every war had its share of victims.
	Sergeant Major Sam Lockwood lowered a monocular from his night optic.  This part of the coast didn’t maintain a stiff guard.  After all, what access was there here, up a steep incline that would no doubt require climbing gear. “Time,” he whispered to his second.
	“Midnight,” Sergeant Hunter Swift answered a moment later.
	“Send in the report.”
	Hunter nodded. “Able Platoon, this is Beta, we’ve bypassed the PNR, over.”
	“Understood,” Brigadier General Tom Rayburn called back after a small space of silence.  Breaking radio silence was a risky choice, but this mission needed to be calculated and timed perfectly if they were to have any chance of success. “How many hostiles?”
	“None, we’ve found our hole.”
	“We’ve been pushed a little further back from our staging area.” Three freighters anchored some distance offshore made sneaking up that much harder.  On top of that, twice as many boats frequented its waters, and several floodlights were panned across the complex and docking bay.  They needed stealth and a place to sneak in, and walking into the light wasn’t an option before a shot had been fired. “Nova, do you copy?”
	“Nova One Actual,” Walt believed in confidentiality over the airwaves more than anything. “We’re ready to go, just waiting for the whistle.” Glancing up from his low crouch in the raft, his eyes were greeted by the outlines of five men per two other nearby rafts.  He’d led this platoon from the last day of Los Angeles to a war zone in the east and back to a bloodbath in the mountains.  All the while, a thirty-four person unit had slowly dwindled to its current remains of fifteen.  Walter took a moment to remember the names of his fallen brethren.  It took him too long to regurgitate the memories of so many names, when the only memories were vague and drawn by blood.
	Nova platoon did have a few potential problem lying in their way, the first being a set of four patrol boats anchored five hundred feet from the shore.  The biggest problem was that at all times, the patrols kept in close to prevent anything foul from happening.  They’d have to be silenced at the same time.  Though Walt was new to the watery shores infiltration, he’d done his share of unconventional warfare in similar circumstances.
	“We’ll take them out together.  Three man teams, on approach we go under.  Report when you’re in position.”
	“Ho-ahh,” Mike saluted from the adjacent raft.  He quickly diverted his team, and three members suddenly disappeared into the ocean.
	On the opposite side, Chad was next to select his best men. “Good luck out there, boss.” The Staff Sergeant fit an oxygen mask and tank to his person before his own squad disappeared under the water.
	Walter nodded at his second, Aaron. “Select your crew, First Class.  The rest of you keep underwater.  All goes well, we’ll have feet dry in ten minutes.” A small selection process went through, and left only the least experienced Air Force mechanics from risking their necks.  The waters splashed in mass twice more, but their wakes washed away and left only the silence.
	Robert looked out over the vast ocean.  They’d taken too many chances.  The Mobile Bay was little more than ten miles from the island.  But they would have known if her inhabitants were suspect.  By chance and luck of power shortage, the sonar had been out of commission for several months.  Across from him, Jacob withdrew another pack of cigarettes.  Rob chuckled, “Those things are gonna kill you one of these days.”
	“Seriously?” Jacob threw him a nonchalant glance. “Why do you think I got into this line of work?”
	“For country?” Rob asked sardonically.
	Jacob disagreed, “The same motive that drives all men: money.”
	“That’s odd.  Most men don’t like the way they get money.”
	“The difference is nine-to-five and life-or-death.  All about the adrenaline rush.”
	“Is that why you smoke?”
	Jacob clicked his teeth. “Nicotine’s a cruel bastard, Bobby, I’ll tell you that.”
	“I know,” Rob admitted. “We all have our demons.”
	The marine sent him a remorseful look. “I know,” he replied. “Yours is called Nikki.”
	Rob shook his head, “Nikki isn’t my demon, she’s my angel.”
	“Yeah, I realize that.  But it’s the demon that took her away.” His statement was met with silent criticism. “Really, Rob, you can’t cover something like that up.  I know poker isn’t the sport for a face like yours.”
	“Would it be out of line for me to want to go back?” Rob asked blatantly.
	Jacob pondered it momentarily, then started to shake his head. “No.  I’d want to go back.  You’ve got every right in the world to be mad.  And in a world like this, what consequences come out of desire for revenge?  You’ve got opportunity, motive, and free reign, a combination every person’s dreamed of.”
	“It’s a stupid idea, though.”
	“Without a doubt,” Jacob nodded.
	Rob shook his head, “You’re not really convincing me one way or the other.”
	“We’ve got some time before the guns blaze, so give me a history lesson and I’ll tell you if we should go back.”
	“History lesson?”
	“What made Travis hate you so much?  What would he stand to gain killing a person like Nicole?”
	Rob bit his lip. “From what I heard, he didn’t used to be like that.  He went through a five year term and reenlisted before joining OCS.  Motivated, he loved to train the newcomers, loved to travel the world, loved everything the Army stood for.”
	“So something snapped?” Jacob assumed.
	“Yeah.  Something terrible.  He lost his wife.”
	“Did you kill her?”
	Rob shook his head, though a smile didn’t register across his face. “I was a thousand miles away.” Rob hated to remember an event that scarred him as an American and as a human being. “His wife worked in the World Trade Center.  She was above the impact zone in the north tower…there was no way she could get out.  Travis watched her die on national television.”
	Jacob crossed his palms.  That day was too horrible to imagine, let alone live through once.  Seeing it repeat weeks in passing nearly brought Jacob to the brink of insanity.  He was fortunate not to have lost a loved one on that day.  He couldn’t imagine how tens of thousands of loved ones felt.
	“I remember him telling me about it.  His reasons for coming to Afghanistan and Iraq over and over again.  He had nothing to live for in the states, besides his son.  And his son joined the Army just to wind up a mutilated and charred body on a roadside in Kuwait.  A few months later, I caused his discharge from the military.  I took away the one thing he lived for…that’s why Nikki died.  I killed his dream, so he killed mine.”
	Jacob clenched his teeth. “So, what makes you think I wouldn’t want in?”
	“What?”
	“This guy has nothing to live for, so he kills a pregnant girl?  Victim of tragic circumstance or not, doesn’t make him exempt.  I wanted in from the second you asked if it would be out of line.”
	Sheer blackness took up the entirety of the distant beachside enough so that Rayburn’s Able platoon could move in closer.  They weren’t at risk of being discovered by shoreline patrols, the gap was wide enough for their unit of fifteen to sneak right beneath the water.  Not wasting a second to debate, separate teams of five left their rafts for the abyss of blue.  Small splashes and ripples remained around the floatation devices.  Phase One was complete.
	Tom reported his unit’s position. “Able, two minutes to feet dry, over.”
	Sam lifted his head out of the water.  Miles further down the coast from his General, their fifteen strong unit had a steep edge to ascend, complete with jagged rocks and slippery surfaces.  But that’s why they brought an extra fifty pounds worth of climbing gear.  Finding a stable position above breaking tides, Sam removed his mask. “Beta, we’re at the base of the cliff and ready to ascend, over.”
	Walt looked both directions in the murky black water.  All he could see with his current optics were the two men circling beneath a patrol boat. “Nova One, we’re in position.”
	Sergeant First Class Aaron Gift was a half step behind on the radio, “Nova Two, we’re ready.”
	Staff Sergeants Logan and Crawford followed signifying Three and Four respectively.  Walter slowly lifted a hand out of the water and hooked it onto the boat’s stern. “Three, two, one.” In unison, Walter lifted himself onto the craft with his pistol drawn.  He fired a single bullet across a short range, impacting one of the boat’s three person crew with a direct shot to the chest.  To make up for the two others, Walt’s comrades on either side of the vessel pulled their targets over the railing and into the water.  Once under water, a slide of a dagger across the neck silenced any muffled screams.  Similar procedures occurred in three different locations simultaneously, as the whole of Nova platoon struck with lightning force.  In under two seconds, the fight was over.  Walter peered at the island looming a short swim away. “Nova one minute to feet dry.”
	Only four miles away from Walt’s unit, a masked face rose slowly from the shallow water.  Tom and his marines had the darkness providing the best of cover, a dimly lit moon obscured by a thin layer of clouds.  Guard patrols were thin a quarter mile south of any illumination.  Three units of two men scattered across one hundred meters. “Able, feet dry, over.” The message conveyed immediately.
	Gunnery Sergeant Pete Kirkland and four others rose in an instant from the beach, carefully and quickly approaching with pistols in their hands.  Weapons were aimed and readied.  Closing in from behind, the far north patrol never saw it coming.  One was taken down from a stab wound across the neck, the other from two silenced bullets in the back.  No sounds of thudding bodies reached the sands, as both men were expertly caught and carried into foliage.  The same matter could be said across the gap, as the other teams neutralized the four other hostiles before a shot could be fired.
	Digging further into the brush, Tom scanned across the landscape to their north.  Their objective was to sever the pirates’ fleet, but it was looking more impossible with each passing second.  More than one hundred boats, all under a flood of lights across the bay. “How do you plan on getting in there?” he said to the Gunny.
	“Don’t make it too easy on me, General.” Pete turned his attention to a nearby complex under less lighting.  The good thing about this time of night, most of the island’s inhabitants were asleep. “If the fleet gets busy, the Mobile can torch the whole dock for all I care.” The teams lowered, just before a truck rounded the bend.
	Neither Sandra nor Kendall spotted the fifteen man troop hiding in the brush close to the road.  Sandra had her mind in other places than the road right now. “Have you heard anything?” She asked after three full minutes of silence.
	Kendall bit his lip. “They’re going to kill him.  Tomorrow night.” Sandra closed her eyes, teeth clenched.  If she tried anything, Sandra and Derek would most likely pay the price.  But she had to take the risk.  There was one more Warthog left on the airstrip.
	“Do you know where they’re holding him?”
	“I’m not supposed to tell,” Kendall made eye contact.
	Sandra peered deep into his soul, “You sure you can keep that from me?”
	Kendall shook his head and laughed. “Not possible.  Merchant district, somewhere in that mess.  They’ve got a guy waiting outside looking for you to show up.  It’s unadvisable.  Besides, what would your plan be?”
	“We’ll take a boat, go to San Diego.”
	“The docks are under guard nowadays.”
	“We’ll think of something,” Sandra replied rudely. “We don’t have a lot of time to get him out.”
	“Do you know anyone from the rig or the cruiser?”
	“The cruiser?  Can you find the frequency?”
	“I suppose I could.”
	“Then I need to ask a favor.”
	Kendall smirked, “I know.  You want me to save your pops.  Not a problem.  On the downside I’m gonna have to shoot a couple of assholes I never liked.”
	Finally rising from a steep ascent up 800 feet, the Sergeant Major clicked his radio, “Beta, we’re topside, over.” Behind him, another half dozen were almost up the lines.  Last in the group, Lexie Gibbs also peered down her scope. “Hope you don’t mind taking orders from a marine, ma’am.” Sam smirked.
	Lexie tilted her head, “Sergeant Major, don’t treat me like a girl.  I can take the pain just like all your grunts.”
	“Clear,” Russ said from ten yards away.  With a nod, Sam sent his troop forward in a steady manner, up another hundred feet until the plateau leveled out.  Straight ahead, the same airstrip Lexie and Farad remembered from long ago.  Hadn’t really changed much.  At this moment, there were no aircraft in the vicinity.  All of the hangars were shut, which left them to wonder.
	“We’ll need to sweep everything in here.  This place isn’t very popular.” It was also down three pairs of sharpshooters. “Doesn’t mean they can’t be hiding something under their sleeve.”
	“How do you want to approach?” Lexie asked.  She was the only one in the platoon who had been here before. “You want to cut the power.”
	“We might have to,” Sam grunted. “How do you think they’ll respond, judging from your previous accounts here?”
	Lexie tilted her head. “Walt and Logan put down a couple men, didn’t make too much noise until the lights came back on.  If we do it this time, it’ll raise a lot of red flags.”
	“We’ll need to be fast,” Sam peered at the southern cluster of buildings opposite the airfield. “Alpha and Bravo will enter the building and clear it room by room.  If Charlie’s in optimal position, we’ll cut the power.  But if alerts start going off, we’ll need to fall back into the building and prepare for a war.”
	Russ chuckled, “We were always going to be the expendables, huh, Sergeant Major.”
	“Beta ready to initiate phase one, over.” Sam reported.
	Barely stepping onto dry land, Nova approached together, three teams across a berth of fifty yards.  The island slope continued upward over plains and dirt roads, though at a minimal incline.  They traveled a half mile inland before dropping to the floor.  The sight of two jeeps with their headlights beaming full didn’t appease a single member of the unit.  Minimal forestation populated the island at this time of year.  Walt turned his safety switch off. “If they see us, give them hell.” Only the darkness as an aid didn’t bring Walt any solace.
	Though the jeeps appeared to be on an approach vector, both branched off on another roadway only a hundred feet ahead.  Timing was everything.  Walt continued forward silently, as did the rest of his squad.  Now ignorant to the fading headlights, they were in awe.  Across a spread of vast land, an airfield sporting a runway nearly two miles in length encompassed all their eyes.
	Walt put his back to a security checkpoint a quarter mile from the airstrip.  There didn’t appear to be anything readying for takeoff.  But the lights were still aglow.  Homeland security was a basic of this new world order, there was always somebody watching.  As the rest of his platoon took cover beside shrubs or on the ground, Walt reached for his mike. “Nova, we’ve reached the objective.” He scanned the perimeter where his eyes locked onto a missile platform at the far edge of the airfield, also illuminated brightly. “There may be AA guns set up across the island.  We’ve located one and we’re going to disable it.”
	Robert shifted uneasily in his position.  In the passenger seat, Gustavo was feeling a little uneasy.  He’d never been in a real combat situation, just a quick extraction.  Andrew, behind the controls, shot him a glance. “You don’t look so good.”
	“I’m afraid of getting shot.”
	“It’s not going to happen, don’t worry.  I’ve been in worse places than this.”
	“What if that fighter plane--”
	“Stop thinking about it.  We’ve got all the support we need.”
	Jacob looked from the cockpit to Miguel and Robert in the fuselage with him. “Victory cigars are on me, boys.” He locked the first bullet into his rifle. “But you’d better supply the drinks.”
	Rayburn glanced through his place in the bushes. “Stingray, we’re advancing to stage two, over.”
	Ben replied in a moment’s notice. “Copy that, Able.”
	Jacob glanced back at Corbin, “Spin her up.” His eyes met Robert’s.  They were ready for this.  Too much blood had been spilt by these monsters.  Revenge was more suitable to a killer’s motivation than redemption.  
	The Captain nodded before igniting the engines. “Falcon One, prepping for takeoff.”
	Beta had split up into three groups, surrounding the complex to take it over.  Not too distant, the sounds of approaching helicopters made them that much more eager to break through.  Instead, they all hit the ground in open territory when floodlights swept the landscape.  Fate was on their side when the spotlights didn’t touch a single body.  Doug Weiss reached their primary infiltration, in a smaller building west of the main structure.  Lexie put her back adjacent to the door opposite him. “Bang and clear?” She asked.
	“Yeah,” Doug whispered. “On my go.”
	While Sam took his troop to the north side and had to use vehicles as cover, Russ was moving around the south and in complete darkness.  He stopped five yards from the door. “We’re going in to cut the power.”
	Sam nodded to himself.  His own free hand clamped the firing pin to a flash bang. “Copy that.”
	Doug swung open the door to instant astonishment.  Two loaded guns were spinning back to fire on him.  He pulled the trigger, sending a half dozen bullets down the corridor while stumbling back.  Lexie took his place and delivered kill shots on both of the guards.  Weiss took a sigh of relief, slow to rise from his fall.
	Lexie patted his shoulder. “I thought you were ready for a war.” She stepped into the room and started in a dash across the empty corridor.  From what Walter told her, it was a pretty simple path to follow.  In less than a minute, she was beside the door to the fuse-box.  She brandished a silenced M9 before carefully peeking in through the door’s crack.  Nothing came afoul.  She hit her comm, “This is Gibbs, we’re ready to go dark.”
	Sam nodded at his team to move in. “Do it.” The combined efforts of five people shut down the entire power grid in a split second.  Through night optics, Sam’s initial breach of the building proved successful.  His men took their first steps in, putting down three men roving the main hall. “Beta, we’ve broken the ice.” A moment later, gunshots fired from inside the building.
	In a matter of seconds, the few gunshots fired gave immediate repercussions.  Somebody with a radio called it in. “Shots fired in the south airbase!” Nova and Able both heard the fearful report from eavesdropping on nearby patrols.  They were both greeted by an immediate response team numbering fifty from the north airstrip and another twenty five from the docks.
	Walter hit his comm. “Beta, you’ll have heavy resistance bearing down on you in less than five.  Falcon, you’re cleared for takeoff.”
	Sam kicked open another door.  Nobody inside, he moved onto the next. “Understood, Nova.” The third door he kicked, somebody was waiting.  Waiting with a loaded gun.  Sam took three gunshots to the chest, falling back in an instant.
	Hunter was throwing his pistol around the doorframe and letting loose.  On the ground, his commanding officer wasn’t moving.  While Hunter was checking the possible fatality, Lance Corporal Shaw slipped into the room to check.  Hunter didn’t miss firing blind.  The room only had one occupant, now a fatality, so Eric stepped back out.
	Hunter put a hand on Sam’s chest, clenching his teeth.  His grieving was blatantly interrupted. “What are you crying about?” Sam asked from the ground. “Help me up, Sergeant.”
	Hunter helped Sam onto his feet. “Would you like me to take over?”
	Sam scoffed, taking a few steps and kicking the next door in the aisle. “We don’t have a lot of time until backup’s breathing down our necks.  Find suitable positions and prepare for war.”
	Jacob sent another nod to Andrew, who immediately took off from its base. “Keep her low, Captain.”
	“Understood.” Andrew found a comfortable space fifty feet above the ocean surface. “Falcon is airborne.” He reported over the radio.
	Walter dropped to a knee behind a barrier outside of the anti-air station. “We’re ready to take down the AA gun at the north airfield.”
	“Be our guest, Nova,” Jacob replied, “we’re on our way.”
	Carver looked out through the window.  The airfield was still intact.  And the enemy had been recognized as soon as the lights went out.  He quickly loaded a pistol in his holster and waited patiently.  He already knew they were coming for blood now.  It was a manageable fight, but Carver did have a fallback if his island could be overtaken.  He stretched his fingers and watched the panorama develop through the windows facing the airstrip.
	Walter stepped through the wrought-iron gates first, his eyes locking onto two individuals on the far side of the fencing.  He peppered three shots at each of them in quick succession.  Neither could react quickly enough to fire.  But the sight of tumbling bodies and blood stains in the bright light led to alarms flashing in the next few seconds.  A stick of C4 was quickly planted to the base of the silo. “Go,” Walter spoke up, last out of the perimeter and back in the cover of darkness before any first responders arrived.
	Safely behind a hillside, Walter pressed the detonator.  The silo was destroyed in a brilliant fireball spewing across the fields and tarmac.  A select few infantry were caught in the blast.  The fireworks were sure to catch some eyes.  There was little left to do but lie in wait for the army to get there.  A half dozen automobiles converged on the scene within a minute. “Anti-air silo is down, Falcon.”
	“Copy that,” Jacob answered.  The helicopter stayed below the radar throughout the flight.  Staying undetected was mandatory if they wanted to keep the fighter plane off their backs.
	Tom Rayburn rose from beneath the water to plant another of more than a dozen charges on different boats and cruisers.  Since attention was drawn away, it was simple to slip beneath their diverted sentries and handle their objective.  He rose from the water with the help of his team, and just as fast they were deep beyond any visible recognition.
	“Charges are planted, Stingray.  Provide assistance where necessary.” A half mile along the hillside, Tom clicked the pin.  Behind he looked to see a vibrant horizon rising with golden flames and black smoke.  A reply from the Mobile Bay came instantaneously.  Tom chuckled, “This is how it begins.”
	“It’s all downhill from here.” Martinez replied.

Day 708 Part II
Big Brother

	Carver looked around at the smoldering debris on the airfield and the rising flames on the far side.  It was ticking him off.  The guns hadn’t started shooting yet.  But one of the AA batteries was blown to bits.  Which meant they were coming in from the air, too.  Carver reached for his radio, “Pilot, take off now!”
	The Thunderbolt’s pilot had been on his way to his trademark vehicle as soon as the power grid went out.  Now the reason was clear, as he picked up to a sprint across the runway to his hangar.  He climbed in with minimal effort and pulled the canopy over his head.  The engine was primed, all instruments checked.  The pilot carefully accelerated onto the runway until facing straight.  Without warning the aircraft lurched forward, picking up speed quickly.
	Walter looked at the source of the sound.  This pilot knew how to fly low, so the Mobile Bay wouldn’t get a chance at it. “Don’t let that plane get off the ground!” He ordered a bit loudly, firing an attached grenade launcher across the fields.  The rest of his unit joined, tossing everything they had at the craft.  But few were lucky enough to even brush contact.  It was in the air before they had a chance.  And worst of all, they’d given themselves away.
	Walt turned his weapon to fire, the rest of Nova did the same.  Fifteen silenced rifles across a wide gap of one hundred feet.  Bearing down perhaps thirty people in all coming to investigate the explosion.  It was no contest.  They had the high ground and element of stealth.
	Still a new adversary added itself to the equation.  Walt looked up at the fighter plane disappearing into the night sky. “Nova, Stingray, the plane is airborne.  I repeat, the fighter is in the air.”
	This was the only time Jacob felt a lurch of his stomach.  The only time he knew fear, when there was the strong possibility he could be defeated.  Ben answered back immediately, the words deaf to the marine.  Robert sent him an odd glance. “What?”
	“I’m not used to adrenaline.  It makes me feel human.”
	“There’s nothing wrong with humans,” Robert answered.
	“Humans die every day.  But I’m still here.” Jacob looked at the floor. “Ally’s gone, but I’m here.  It seems, only the innocent go to heaven.  The rest of us suffer in this hell for eternity.”
	“It’ll all be over soon,” Robert promised.
	Jacob smirked, “Something Nikki tell you?”
	“Yeah, just a minute ago.” Robert smiled back.
	“We’re almost there,” Gustavo said from the co-pilot’s seat.
	The Sergeant Major peered through a set of mini-blinds in a private office on the first floor.  The headlights coming toward them from the north seemed endless.  Sam took a deep breath. “Beta, Stingray, we’re going to need some artillery support over here.”
	Lexie glanced through a window’s edge from a third floor, north facing office.  She leaned back down alongside Farad.  He sent her a grin. “You alright?”
	“I’m starting to regret coming along.”
	Farad smirked. “We’re going to be fine.”
	The first line of infantry developed in a matter of minutes.  They were surrounding from the north.  Sam raised his scope as the first of dozens of gunshots started to fire.  His unit responded effectively and quickly.  The war had begun. “Hostile infantry, fifty meters north of our position!”
	“Copy that, Beta.” Ben had his fingers zooming in the target. “Firing two.” The vertical launch pad was the first to show the response.  A hiss of air, followed by thin plumes of smoke rising.  Shooting over the top of Catalina and into the sky, two jet propellant orbs disappeared into the darkness.  It would only take a few minutes for the cruise missiles to reach their target.
	Those few minutes didn’t spot much room for error.  The fighting seemed to intensify when the fire teams responded.  And the numbers were only seeming to spread across the horizon and divide into more people.  The entire horizon was blemished with muzzle flashes.  Lexie dropped beneath a desk just before a bullet could fatally strike.  She wasn’t new to war, but fighting defensively on the enemy’s back porch wasn’t one of her strong suits.  Since the virus, this was the first time she found herself fighting behind enemy lines.  A vast difference from protecting your own land.
	The marines showed their courage despite the odds stacking against them.  Even though they were taking heavy fire, nobody was hesitant to rise and hold them back as long as possible.  A bullet strafed the arm of a PFC, the bullet’s caliber sufficient to incapacitate him.  The medic was looking him over in the next second, determining it to be a less-than-lethal impact.
	The second person to take a hit didn’t stand a chance.  Lance Corporal Shaw peeked up at just the wrong moment.  His finger was squeezing the trigger when his life suddenly came to a close.  The body fell back with a clean carving between the eyes.  Sam turned to see his falling comrade.  The closest to respond sent him a defeated look after scanning the injury.  Sam clenched his teeth in frustration.  His eyes looked back to see the sky lighting up.  The orbs and a trail of smoke mostly obscured by the night.
	Sam smirked when the missiles made their sudden dive to the ground, directly above the frontlines.  Both exploded in the air to spread the splash zone.  Beta covered their eyes from the blinding light.  A few seconds of silence were delivered by the fading glow.  And once that light was extinguished and only embers remained, the gunfire continued.  Fortunately the amount of gunfire was cut drastically following the explosion.
	Sam collected his radio, “Thanks for the support, Stingray.”
	“Beta,” Jacob called it in, “we’re about thirty seconds out.  We’ll provide sniper support from the air.”
	Gustavo clicked his own mike, “Nova, can you see the plane?”
	“Negative, Falcon,” Walt was busy enough having to shoot at multiplying numbers on his own end. “It could be anywhere.”
	Ben was looking for any spike on the radar, “Nothing visible on radar, Falcon.”
	Andrew took a deep breath.  He knew how to fly like a maniac when it counted.  It’d just been too long for him to know with certainty.  One thing was sure, he’d give the plane a run for its money.
	The helicopter ascended the steep cliff edge before a vast plateau stood before them.  In the middle of those grounds, the fight was clearly seen by flashes all across the ground.  Robert buckled himself down to the floor, and was now on a knee looking for a target of opportunity to cross his peripheral.  Night vision made it easier, but there were a lot of shots being fired on the ground.  Robert dealt with the flashes, and pulled his trigger the first time tonight.
	Jacob, leaning half out of the chopper, was sending direct and immediate fire down on the erupting field of chaos.  He didn’t maintain the accuracy, failing to compensate for the rapidly moving wind or the helicopter’s speed as it glided over the complex.  However, the helicopter served as good a distraction as any on its own.
	Miguel squeezed his hands around the triggers of the mini-gun, pouring down thousands of shells at random across the battlefield.  He didn’t consider how quickly the gun heated up though, and had to step away for a few moments.  Gordon was also sniping from the Seahawk, but had the least accuracy of any.
	Moments after entering the conflict, the chopper found itself taking most of the shrapnel.  Not to mention calls had to be coming in warning about the helicopter.  Which meant the fighter plane was only a few steps behind them.  Patrick kept a close watch of the air radar.  A faint glimmer caught his eye, and made him look through the windshield.  At the last moment, the cockpit flared red.
	Andrew didn’t waste a second, strafing hard right and rotating the chopper as he did.  The missile was fired too close to turn this hard.  At least, that’s what he hoped.  The maneuver was successful, though the missile fired only missed by a few inches.  Shortly following it, the Warthog pilot cut ahead of the fleeing helicopter.  As a result, the chopper was caught in a vortex of the plane’s wind tunnel.
	Corbin corrected himself, narrowly avoiding an impact with the ground.  Now that the fighter plane was on the hunt, he couldn’t keep still.  He retreated for the cliffs at full speed and very close to the ground.  Another red warning bulb showed when their heat signature was locked.  He didn’t have time to second guess now.  In a split second, he cut the engine’s power by half.  The chopper dove beneath the cliff edge at an incredible rate, anyone not buckled in leaving the floor for a few moments in weightlessness.  Shortly behind the helicopter’s maneuver, a distant explosion rocked the cliff above.  The warning shut off in the next moment.
	“Stingray,” Jacob called, “Do you have a fix on that fighter?”
	“Negative, Falcon, he’s staying under the radar just like you.”
	Jacob hated to consider it.  But they didn’t have any options. “Pilot, take us up.”
	“What about the plane, what about more AA guns?”
	“We’ll find out soon enough,” Jacob replied.  Andrew was hesitant, but in a few moments the helicopter was ascending as fast as it could.  Everyone held clenched teeth and steeled vision, looking around for where the fighter plane could be.  In the dark, there was no telling.
	Ben spotted the second anomaly on radar.  It was too fast to be the helicopter.  He fired off immediately, sending a surface-to-air missile to take it out of the sky.  He didn’t know if it would be enough.  Or if it would reach its target before the target blew his friends out of the sky.
	Tom’s unit was spreading out across the base south of the docks.  Able also encountered a bit of resistance, but nothing compared to Beta.  The General’s eyes were distracted by a strange noise.  He looked up, hearing the vague familiarity of helicopter rotors and jet turbines.
	Jacob heard the rapport of a rapidly approaching plane.  His eyes shifted downward to see it was coming at them from below.  Jacob glanced back at Andrew. “Move!” Another missile terrorized the crew, but Jacob’s warning prevented it by a few feet once more.  The plane overtook them once more, causing the instruments to falter for but a moment.
	Jacob had his eyes locked to the plane as it continued upward.  At the peak of its climb, a half dozen flares shot out from the craft’s belly.  And soon after, the pilot pulled back into a flip and started down to try again.  Robert voiced this time, “He’s coming back.” Behind the rapidly approaching craft, the launched missile found a decoy high above and detonated upon impact.  Andrew pitched the vehicle hard.
	Jacob had the one thing he wanted, to get his shot off.  With the rotors angled far to the side, he had enough clearance to make his single attempt.  He pulled the trigger, locking his aim on the cockpit for insurance.  His bullet didn’t penetrate the cockpit, but it did serve a wealthy bit of damage.
	The plane was out an engine by one directed anti-material gunshot.  Her pilot quickly tried to brake and pull up, but the turbine would not take any of it.  Shutting the engine off only threw him into a tailspin.  He looked at the vertigo spinning beneath him less than a thousand feet.  His last resort was pulled with not a moment to spare.  The cockpit popped and the pilot was ejected from the unsalvageable plane.
	Tom spotted the spinning plane on a direct vector.  Nothing comes without consequence.  He looked back at the closest soldier to him. “Take cover!” Tom dove behind a building just before the crash.  For all it was worth, the plane was down.  But at a heavy cost, as it plowed right into the middle of his unit.
	Jacob was able to look down only a moment before impact.  The plane crashed hard and heavy into the ground and spewed an array of flames from the wreckage.  He let a smile come to his face. “You can all thank me later.” He looked back at Gustavo, “Let’s get low before someone else sees.”
	Tom was quickly recovering his men from the inferno of a fuselage and engines.  In all, two had been killed from the blast.  Another one suffered second and third degree burns.  Rayburn clicked his radio, “Stingray, the plane is down, but we’ve taken casualties from the wreck.”
	Jacob felt a sense of remorse flush his being.  He’d done the hardest job, taking down their greatest enemy.  But in lieu of doing everyone a favor, it had cost the lives of others.  He’d have to get over it.  Friendly fire was a tragic side-effect of combat, but things happen.  There was no changing it now.
	South of the island’s edge a couple miles, Kendall pulled off to the side of the road.  The gunshots and endless radio chatter was causing a lot of grief.  He and Sandra didn’t like the way things were turning out.  But this may very well have been their way out.  So long as they didn’t get shot. “Are you sure you want to do this?” Kendall asked.
	“What?” Sandra asked.
	“Carver’s got a bad attitude, and he’s not gonna like you trying to raise the enemy ship.”
	“He was never number one on my list, either.” Sandra stepped out of the car.  She attached a silencer to her service pistol and slipped it beneath her waistband. “Are you sure you can do what you need to?”
	Kendall nodded. “I never liked either of the guys keeping tabs on your dad.  Long as I get the jump on them, we’re green.”
	“Then you’d better get the jump on them.” She fit an earpiece around her right ear. “Can you hear me?”
	Kendall rubbed his ear in confirmation. “Don’t take too long, this fight is only gonna get worse with time.” The first reports were coming in that the A-10 fighter had crashed.  Nothing good could come out of that.  He shifted the car in reverse and started for the village, where Derek was in a tent under close guard.  Meanwhile, Sandra ran up a hillside to see the vast airstrip a quarter mile away.  She knew her loyalties now.  But how many people would try to kill her once they knew what she was doing?  She scrubbed the idea from her head and continued forward.
	The battle for the airfield was less of a hassle than Walter first took it for.  Since gunfire was all over the island, the defending force was cut in half.  The only true resistance hung in the offices and tower adjacent to the airstrip.  Sniper fire had them pinned behind the numerous hangars.  Too distant to charge.  They couldn’t do this alone. “Nova to Falcon, requesting sniper support.”
	The Seahawk had been dangling in the air, looking down on the carnage they wreaked.  Tom’s unit was reorganizing on the ground, but there was no use trying to find the bodies in that mess.  Andrew clicked his radio in Jacob’s absence, “Copy that, Nova, we’re en route.  ETA, sixty seconds.” The landscape changed in the blink of an eye.  Sudden darkness with flames lining the horizon.  The chopper ascended another hundred feet to better see what they were flying toward.
	Jacob peered through his scope as they neared the field of combat.  Tracer rounds lit up the night, giving the crew a better vantage of the gunfight. “Nova, we’re almost there.”
	Walt glanced at the night, but couldn’t hear the helicopter’s approach over the roar of gunfire. “Copy that, Jake.  Snipers in the tower.”
	Jacob peered through his scope to see flashes within the dark windows. “Miguel, you’re up.” He looked into the cockpit, “Corbin, strafe the building.” The chopper dipped forward, descended some, and the crew then heard the humming turret spinning to life.  The airfield’s lighting replaced the silence of the approach with a blatant and deadly strike.  Miguel didn’t hesitate, firing as many shots as he could into the tower, as well as the building they were passing.
	Sandra was just outside of the complex when she was forced to hit the ground.  The helicopter roared over her head, and the sounds of firing munitions made her cover her ears.  The building was sufficiently damaged, but the radar was still up.  She was momentarily caught off guard by one fleeing vehicle, but soon let it skip her mind.  Without a trace of fear, Sandra kicked open the door and rushed inside.
	Kendall was in the middle of tent city, appearing to make his usual rounds and sure to keep a low profile.  The area was on higher alert with dozens of gunmen scrambling to their places.  The main concern was for a number of civilians finding shelter in a nearby bunker.  Kendall turned the next corner, where he clicked his weapon’s safety off and slid the silencer attachment under cover of darkness.  Before he stepped back into firelight, the pistol was safely tucked away.
	The farthest tent from the conglomerate, Kendall stepped in.  Two sentries were joined by a third in a game of cards while the prisoner laid unconscious on a bed. “He been giving you any problems?”
	The three men looked up at him with disdain and irritation. “What do you want?”
	Kendall had been thinking of a lie during the drive, “Carver wanted me to let you know.  He’s going to kill the prisoner tonight.”
	The three were caught off guard, “Why haven’t I heard that?”
	“The island is under attack.  He doesn’t have a lot of room to make phone calls.  He wanted me to deliver him to the airfield.”
	The three rolled their eyes.  The new guard was suspicious, “Just you?”
	Kendall glanced at Derek, who could not possibly fend for himself. “You think this guy can take me?”
	“Just worried about his daughter…and her relationship to you.” One indulged. “How can we trust you?”
	“Sandra doesn’t know about this, don’t worry.”
	The third threw his stack of cards on the ground. “There are a lot of holes in your story.” He reached for his gun.  But Kendall was firing a shot before any of them saw it coming.  The man reaching for his weapon fell back with a hole in the chest and another in the head.  Kendall crossed the point of no return.  As soon as movement caught his peripheral, he swung the silenced pistol around to kill the other sentries.
	Derek woke from the first body thudding on the floor.  He’d been partially awake anyway, having been able to register words from the conversation. “Who is that?” He asked in a hoarse voice.
	“My name is Kendall,” he picked up an AK-47 from the nearby rack. “I’m with Sandra.  We’re leaving the island tonight.  Your friends came with a lot of firepower.” Derek was still dizzy, but more than coherent. “We need the cruiser’s frequency.”
	“I don’t know the frequency, just the name: Mobile Bay.”
	Kendall clicked his earpiece. “Sandra, hail the Mobile Bay.  I have Derek, I’ll meet you soon.” He helped Derek onto his feet.  However the injured man was still too damaged to walk without aid.  Kendall wrapped an arm around Derek and the two began a slow journey outside of the tent.  The first steps outside were reassuring.  Nobody was waiting for them.
	The two carefully walked through the encampment, sure to stick to darkness and stay out of the light.  The last thing Kendall needed was a curious bystander to start asking questions.  Based on memory, Kendall had a pretty good layout of the area and knew where the lot full of cars was.  He stuck his head out just enough to see nobody lurking around the next corner.  At a quick pace, he and his newly found ally hurried across the gap of light and back behind a dark tent.
	No event came across either of the two reaching the parking lot.  Most of the people on the island left their keys in the car.  No use carjacking somebody on an island.  That was one of the few things he could take advantage of.  Kendall raced to the nearest sedan and quickly popped open the driver door.  A quick examination showed him the keys hidden above the sun visor.  As he turned the key in the ignition, a strong blow to the cheek knocked him unconscious in a split second.
	Carver looked down at the person he incapacitated.  He didn’t feel the burden to kill Kendall.  What kind of bastard killed an unconscious person?  Carver still had a few morals left over from his military career after all.  He walked around the opened door to find Derek sitting against the wheel well.  His eyes drifted up to see Carver looking back down at him.  Feeling defeated, he clenched his eyes shut and waited for it to be over.  The few seconds of unknown were abruptly answered by a sudden lurching pain to the temple and a loss of feeling.
	Sandra, despite the massive exchange of gunfire in and out of the building she occupied, was hurried scanning every radio frequency she could find. “Mobile Bay, do you copy?” She must have repeated it for the twentieth time.
	Ben glanced at Terrence with a confused stare when a voice perked up. “Who’s that?”
	Terry shrugged, “Sounds hot.”
	“This isn’t a sex line, Terry.” Ben reached for the ship’s transmitter.
	“Well I want my money back.”
	Ben cleared his throat. “This is the Mobile Bay, who am I speaking to?”
	Sandra felt a rush of relief swarm over. “My name is Sandra Moser.  Derek Moser is my father.” The gunfire seemed to intensify, and every shot could be heard through the bridge’s speakers.
	Ben was distasteful to have to spread the word.  He was fairly shocked to hear who of all the people was calling them. “Sandra, I have bad news.”
	“It’ll have to wait.  I’m trying to get my dad off the island.”
	Terrence and Ben were even more shocked. “Wait, what?  I thought Derek was dead.”
	Sandra shook her head. “After the rig sank, they brought him here.  They’re going to kill him if I don’t get him out of here tonight.”
	Ben was caught off guard.  He grabbed his desk radio. “Robert, we have a situation.”
	“What’s going on?” Robert fit a new magazine into his rifle.  The chopper was circling around to provide sniper fire at the airfield following the successful strafe.
	“Somebody on the island is calling for help.  Sandra Moser, says she’s Derek’s daughter.”
	Robert shook his head in disbelief.  Jacob sent him an odd look.  Miguel and Gordon were both confused, but for different reasons. “Did you tell her about Derek--”
	“Derek’s alive,” Ben answered. “She’s trying to get him off the island.”
	Robert froze in shock.  A glimpse of that hell he witnessed a week ago.  Derek tumbling hundreds of feet into hard, frigid waters.  The rig toppling from above him.  How did he survive?  Robert was still too perplexed to say anything rational.  Jacob took over the line. “Where is she?”
	Ben relayed the information on the ship’s frequency, then called back. “She’s at the north airfield, inside the building.”
	“Okay,” Jacob answered. “Tell her to leave the building from the south side, go a hundred or so meters, and give us a signal.” He turned his attention to the fire team at the airfield. “Nova, hold your fire.  Friendly leaving the building.”
	“We hear you,” Walter replied.  He sent nearly every member of his platoon a confirming look.  Everyone was hooked up to the same signal, so such a transmission put everyone in a daze.
	Sandra was out of the building in an instant, sprinting into the dark wilderness and pulling a neon flare from her pocket.  She lit and tossed the signal further ahead.  The gleaming red fire was visible as soon as it was lit.  Robert focused in on the surroundings, unable to spot hostiles.  Just one person waving her arms at the approaching helicopter.  It touched down a few meters south of the flare.  In another few seconds, Sandra was onboard and the craft was back in the sky.
	Sandra and Robert shared a hug, embracing a distant friendship neither expected to survive after the plague. “How are you?” Robert asked.
	“Surviving,” Sandra answered. “Kendall’s getting Derek right now.” She clicked her earpiece. “Kendall, do you copy.”
	The reverberating noise in his ear and loud feedback made Kendall slow to react.  He squinted his eyes, rubbing a painful sore to the side of his head.  After three tries, he called back. “I’m here.” He looked around the car to find no trace of Derek. “I lost Derek.”
	“What?” Sandra was horrified.
	“Somebody got the jump on me.  He knocked me out and took your father.”
	Sandra clamped her hands on her head.  Robert saw the futile look in her eyes, and the growing desperation. “What’s going on?”
	Only one person would go to such lengths.  The one who had a grudge. “Carver has Derek.”
	Jacob didn’t waste a moment for pointless inquiry. “Where’s he taking him?”
	“I don’t know--”
	“Think!” Jacob yelled.  He cared for a lost brother just as much as Robert and Sandra.  But in the heat of the moment, he didn’t lose composure to emotion.
	Sandra contemplated it for a few moments. “There’s a small dock on the south edge of the island.  One of the yachts belongs to Carver.”
	It wasn’t much, but it was enough for Jacob to get the pilot’s attention. “Head south, turn that spotlight on.  We need to find them before they reach that boat.”

Day 708 Part III
The Best Laid Plans

	A truck on an unkempt dirt roadway fishtailed back and forth at the speed it was traveling.  Any slower, they might as well be asking for an easy target.  Carver didn’t want to be the target.  He didn’t want anything more than to escape the island while he still had a chance.  The war was a losing one now, as artillery support easily overtook their infantry defense.  Get out now while you still have the chance.
	Getting out was easier said than done.  He needed some insurance should he not reach the boat or worse, should the boat already be gone.  After all, it’d been a month since he last stepped foot on her.  Derek was trapped with one of Carver’s forearms squeezing his windpipe.  The nearly unconscious man could do little more than stare at the window nearest him and the dark scenery whipping by.
	The silence of such a journey passed in an instant.  The driver was momentarily stunned when a floodlight gleamed over the truck.  Where the engine took up most of the sounds, now a helicopter was in close pursuit near enough to drown out Carver’s commands. “Keep going,” he ordered as loudly as he could.  A moment later, he was firing an automatic out the window.
	Robert withdrew before one of the bullets could hit.  He heard several ricochets and metal hitting metal at high speeds.  Nothing strong enough to penetrate.  Jacob scanned the car, but didn’t see any real way to stop this pursuit.  It was too dangerous to fire at the driver or engine, for fear that the bullet’s vector may have hit Derek.  Jacob sent Rob a worried look. “How do you want to approach this, Bobby?”
	“I don’t know,” Robert kept a close eye on the vehicle.
	Derek was free of restraint for a few seconds.  He took advantage of it, thrusting the back of his forearm into Carver’s jaw.  The veteran seemed to not even feel the pain, gripping Derek’s arm and spinning it with enough force to dislocate his forearm.  Derek fell back, cringing and groaning loudly as the gunfire continued.  He couldn’t win this fight alone.  Could he win this fight at all?
	The island’s end was nearing.  Maybe a mile left of roadway before Carver would be forced to flee on foot.  But as unpredictable as he was, they may have driven off the cliffs and into the ocean.  Robert didn’t have time.  He had to make the hard choice.  He quickly handed over his sniper rifle to Sandra, “Hold onto that for me.”
	“What are you going to do?” Jacob asked.
	“Get us closer!”
	Andrew didn’t like the heat of gunshots flying so close, but he was brave if nothing else.  The helicopter dropped lower to the ground, closer to the truck.  The speeds seemed to double with every foot closer to the ground. “Is that good?”
	“It’ll have to do!” Robert replied.  He didn’t even load his pistol before takeoff, hardly feeling its use from the air.  But he was about to do something that would require his sidearm.
	“Bobby, what the hell are you doing?” Jacob showed a hint of concern.
	Robert didn’t have an answer that would appease any of them.  He looked back at the jeep perhaps ten feet beneath the speeding helicopter.  Ten feet that looked as far as ten miles.  Robert took a deep breath, and threw himself free of the helicopter.  Jacob and Sandra both rushed to stop him, but neither had the time.
	By the time they looked out, Robert was already crashing atop the jeep’s roof.  He instantly grabbed his pistol.  A few gunshots pierced the thin layer of ceiling from the rear compartment.  None hit Rob, giving him the time he needed.  He swung the butt of his pistol through the front passenger window, shattering it with ease.  In a moment of gunfire’s lax, Robert swung his pistol into the compartment and fired blindly at the driver.
	The vehicle instantly began to swerve uncontrollably.  Robert didn’t think too far ahead of his plan, only considering how to stop the fleeing vehicle.  He glanced up, seeing the roadside now becoming the jeep’s path.  He braced, fingers clutching the doorframe, as the rear tires left solid ground again.
	Robert couldn’t hold on when the jeep drove up the side of a steep incline at more than fifty miles per hour.  He hit the ground hard and rolled multiple times to absorb the velocity.  Pieces of skin stuck to the dirt and gravel roadway.  His arms were scratched and bruised, and tears in his shirt and jeans revealed traces of blood.  But he didn’t break anything or take any bullets.  Which meant he was still at full capacity.
	The jeep, following its course up the incline, continued onto its roof and rolled twice before coming to an inverted smoking halt.  The chopper lost contact for a split second, having to slow down to see the extent of damage.  Jacob looked through his night scope to see Robert struggling back to his feet. “Rob, you okay down there?”
	Robert didn’t have time to answer.  He located his pistol on the ground and rushed toward the crashed car.  Behind him, the helicopter began a descent until Sandra could get off.  The aircraft quickly hovered in a circle around the crash to maintain full visibility.  Robert slowed his approach as he neared the jeep. “Drop your weapons!” A voice yelled from behind the jeep.  Carver stepped out, his prisoner back in the chokehold, and a pistol pressed to his temple. “Drop your weapons now!” He shot the helicopter an eye, and corrected his stance so he couldn’t be shot from either angle.
	Sandra approached with her hands held up. “Charles, you don’t have to do this!” Her eyes were welling with tears.  This isn’t what she wanted for Derek.  The guilt she felt for leading Carver to this ultimatum didn’t rest easy either.  She hoped there could be a way to settle this without further bloodshed.
	“I don’t have a choice, Sandra!” Carver pressed his back to the jeep. “I’m in a corner!  Weapons down, you have three seconds!”
	Robert dropped his gun in the instant. “This isn’t going to solve anything, Carver!  There’s two ways this can end!” He had to yell over the helicopter circling the standoff. “You can either let him go and walk away, or you kill him and we kill you!”
	“How am I supposed to believe you would let me walk away?” Carver took a step back, so to stay out of Jacob’s scope. “After all I’ve done to your people, you would never let me go!”
	Sandra grimaced, “Please, Charles!  He’s my father!”
	“He murdered my brother!” Carver clenched his teeth in fury.
	Derek’s head was hung low throughout the exchange.  The first notice of him returning to consciousness was a wince of pain.  His arm seared with intense agony, causing him to clench his teeth and eyes.  Robert spotted this.  He carefully continued to negotiate. “There’s still a way out for you!”
	“The only way I was going out was in a blaze of gunfire!” He smirked.  At the same time, Derek lifted his head enough to send Robert a small wink.  Robert discerned it.  He felt his reserve pistol tucked in his jeans begging for release. “I’m sorry it had to be this way, Sandra.” Sandra shook her head, pleading through drained eyes. “But I can’t let this scum walk the earth.”
	Derek knew it was almost over.  Just like him to make it about timing.  He thrust his head back at full speed.  The head-butt was more effective than Derek expected.  Carver was used to most everything Derek threw at him.  But the blow to his nose caught him off guard.  The noose around his neck came loose, letting Derek fall free to the ground.  Carver took a step back, clutching the shattered bones of his broken nose.
	He looked up to see.  Nobody had pulled the trigger, but in that moment of recovery Robert centered a pistol on him.  There was no going back and Carver never backed off.  He raised his gun, trying to put a bullet in Sandra for her betrayal.  But Robert and Jacob were ready for any signs of hostility.  Both put a definitive bullet in either the chest or head, dropping Derek’s nemesis where he stood.
	Sandra sprinted to Derek’s side.  He was shaking uncontrollably due to the cold, malnutrition, and trauma to the body.  She raised him in her arms and wrapped them around him. “I love you,” she whispered into his ear.
	Derek closed his eyes.  For the first time in a week, he felt peace.  For the first time in almost a year, he remembered the warmth of love.  His voice was hoarse. “I love you.” He turned his head to kiss her on the cheek, but didn’t have any strength to stay awake.
	Robert approached the gunman and kicked away the pistol.  There was no more to Carver.  He died like he thought he would, in a blaze of glory.  But he underestimated how the scenario would pan out.  Rob let out a sigh of relief. “How’s he doing?”
	“He’s alive,” Sandra replied, trying to lift him off the ground.  Robert assisted, the two dragging him to the helicopter’s landing zone.  The wounded man was loaded onto a stretcher and bolted in.
	Jacob felt the helicopter lifting off. “Stingray, this is Falcon.  We’ve got the package.  Myers, we’re going to need you as soon as possible.”
	From the north airfield, Scott rose to a stand.  The gunfire tapered off in the next few minutes.  There was little more fight they could give in this war.  They’d done a sufficient job to stave off a devastating response.  One of Nova was severely wounded in the attack and didn’t survive a minute longer.  The body of Corporal Gomez was laid to rest burning in a pit of kerosene, his dog tags in Walter’s hands.  Scott grabbed his radio, “Copy that, Jake.  How bad does he look?”
	Jacob checked with a flashlight.  The first and most obvious, Derek’s arm was twisted in a very awkward position. “Dislocated arm and fingers, second degree burns,” he felt his stomach lurch checking under Derek’s shirt.  Dozens of incisions were placed up and down his body.  Jacob had to get off the line. “How did he make it?”
	Sandra looked up to face him, “Me.”
	The marine looked away, “Able through Nova, Falcon is returning to the cruiser.  You’re out of air support.  Recommend a full retreat.”
	The infantry force had done quite a bit of damage, as well as causing pandemonium and thinning out enemy forces.  There was not much left they could do and as such lingering wouldn’t help anybody.  Tom closed a door behind him, stepping into one of three buildings under Able platoon’s control.  They chose to stick near the inlet, and use undamaged boats beyond the explosives’ radius.  After all, they couldn’t outrun bullets swimming.
	Rayburn keyed up, “This is Able, we’re holding back infantry near the docks.  We’ve got transport out of here, but only for so long.”
	Lexie glanced through the shattered window.  The horizon still speckled of flashes, but not nearly enough to be a threat.  By now, most of the gunmen not in a combat zone were handling evacuation and protection of civilians.  One less problem to deal with.  Lexie jumped up and pounded out a few shots downrange.  None of her shots hit at such range, but a marine took her target out of the fight a moment later.
	Sam jogged into the room. “You guys alright?”
	Lexie tilted her head to the right.  At the same time, Doug approached while crouching beneath the open windows. “Brighton’s KIA, Watson’s wounded.”
	“We need to get moving before they reorganize.”
	“To the docks?” Lexie asked.  Sam nodded. “That’s a lot of ground to cover, at least four miles.” The gunshots faded out of everyone’s hearing.
	Sam didn’t like the sound. “Well, we’re pressed for time now.” The Sergeant Major sent his report. “Beta, we’re advancing northeast.  We’ll try to swing around them.  Get ready to move out.”
	Russ called back in a moment’s notice. “This is Echo, we’re all set.  We’ve got a casualty, how do we handle him.”
	Sam clenched his teeth, “Who?”
	“Private First Class Messer.”
	Sam didn’t know the kid well, but they were all like family.  Even so, leaving a body behind was disheartening.  But they had to go across the island and dead baggage wasn’t viable for such a distance. “Get his tags, leave the body.” Sam said solemnly, “We don’t have the time.” Sam looked around at his and Doug’s individual squads.  Altogether numbering eight. “Let’s go home.”
	Lexie was the second out the door. “Home is a relative term, Sergeant Major.”
	“Okay,” Sam lit a cigarette while traveling down the dark, empty hallway to the stairwell. “Let’s get back to the mainland.”
	“No argument here.” Doug replied as he checked the ammunition in both his rifle and sidearm.
	The entire force recollected in the same room for only a moment.  As it was still entirely dark, everyone fixed optics to run in the dark.  Once the doors opened, method was out of the equation.  Everybody was going full speed out the door, staggered formation across a berth of 100 meters until safely comforted by the cliffs and breaking water in their ears.
	Walter took his force across the airfield, encountering minimal resistance despite making themselves sitting ducks.  No response came from the south.  They were in the eye of the storm for now.  When the next wall of the storm arrived, it would definitely be stronger and fiercer.  Nova needed to travel only half the distance of Beta to regroup with Able platoon.  And throughout the journey, the only pounding sounds were the rapidly thumping heartbeats of strenuous running across uneven ground.
	The docks were well lit, showing brightly the doubling enemy force pressing hard from the south.  A small bit of containment was visible, as Tom’s unit was spread out and holding up inside of buildings with their backs to the water.  Walter hit his mike. “Able, this is Nova, we’re coming in from the northwest.”
	Tom dropped down to reply. “Understood, Nova, we need you to deploy to our west.  OpFor are multiplying faster than we can put them down.” He turned his attention to another factor. “Beta, do you copy?”
	Sam dropped to a knee.  His entire platoon did the same, sure to spread out and drop to make themselves smaller targets. “Affirmative.”
	“How far out are you guys?”
	“We’re still about a mile out.” Going three miles at full speed was taxing enough on the human body, even one conditioned for running such distance with heavy packs.  Nobody revealed their strain beyond beads of sweat.
	“I suggest you hurry, Sam.  We can’t hold them off if they keep up like this.”
	Sam glanced around at his troop. “Move out, double time.”
	The Brigadier General felt a sting on his arm.  He checked it as nothing more than a small through and through.  It hurt like hell but he was more used to pain than he first realized. “Stingray, we could use some help.”
	Ben jumped for the radio, but something caught him off guard.  Multiple pings on the surface radar. “We may have a problem giving you assistance right now.  The radar’s picking up something close.”
	Jacob leaned out of the helicopter to see, but it was still too dark.  They were less than a mile from the ship, the only thing partially visible over reflective water. “Any idea what it is?”
	“No, but they’re moving pretty fast.” A number of San Clemente’s coastal patrols heard about the surgical strike.  But rather than return to fight the enemy on ground, they went about searching for the cruiser.  She was at her most vulnerable point without an Army to protect her on open water.  The skeleton crew handling artillery could only do so much.
	“How far?”
	“They were hiding behind Catalina.  Less than a half mile.” Ben looked through a pair of binoculars to spot waves breaking on the water.  Dozens of modified gunboats.  Before he knew it, he was locking targets with the Tomahawks and firing them on anything he could hit.  The horizon soon gleamed with fire, but not even a fraction of the enemy boats were capsized.
	A split second after the relatively close explosions, thick bullets ripped into the bridge.  Zack, Ben, and Terrence dropped to the floor as quickly as they could.  Zack was the most irritated. “I thought they said this was the safe job!”
	“Nobody’s safe in a war, kid!” Terrence yelled over the piercing shots. “Joey, where are you?”
	At the same time, Joe was sprinting onto the deck.  He raised his radio just before reaching one of the cruiser’s fifty caliber machine guns. “I’m responding.” In another second, he was firing through the target recticle at whatever he could touch.  One thing to his advantage was accuracy over these rough waters.  Onboard the bridge, everyone now understood what Joe meant by his words.
	Ben rose to check the instruments.  A few small electrical fires were spewing about most of the technology in the bridge.  The computers which Ben used to fire missiles were decimated beyond repair, “They fried our systems, General, we don’t even have the means to protect the ship now.”
	“Damn it,” Tom said, watching the horizon flashing spectacularly and in a fashion that seemed to never end. “Understood, Stingray.  Good luck.”
	Ben crawled across the bridge to check the radar. “Falcon, I see second and third fleets on the radar.  Requesting assistance.”
	Jacob jumped on the line. “We’re almost there, Stingray!” He hated to be asking the redundant questions, but they were unavoidable at this stage. “When is this night going to end?” He asked, mostly to himself.
	Derek, partially awake from the spinning rotors, smiled. “When the sun rises, leatherneck.”
	Jacob sent him a partial smile. “What’d you call me?”
	“I was messing with you, Jake, don’t be offended.”  

Day 708 Part IV
Escape

	The war was never truly over until every man still standing was out of the line of fire.  And the retreat happened to be one of the most grueling and suspenseful phases of any operation.  The odds were stacked against them and though the first strike did pack a powerful punch, hell was about to rain down on their parade.  Aerial and sniper support was gone, the Mobile Bay’s artillery dashboards were damaged beyond repair.  As far as Able, Beta, and Nova were concerned, they were on their own.
	Sergeant Major Samuel Lockwood slowed to a stop and took a knee a quarter mile from the irate gunfire on the horizon.  Beta platoon had bypassed a militant convoy which soon enough passed them up en route to the docks.  The final stand for the invading unit would happen to be their most challenging fight of the mission.  But they were only sticking around until everyone regrouped.  Sam gripped his radio after signaling the rest of his unit down.  To his right twenty meters, three more truckloads of combatants were driving into the arena.
	“Able, this is Beta.” Sam reported.
	Lockwood was interrupted in a split second.  Tom dropped behind cover, the sounds of voluminous gunshots affecting his transmission dramatically. “Beta, where the fuck are you!  We can’t hold them much longer!” As he finished speaking, a soldier to his right fell back clutching a wound to the shoulder.  Before he could approach, one of the field medics was at the wounded marine’s side checking the severity of his injury.
	Sam took a deep breath. “We’re less than five minutes out.  Any suggestions how to approach?”
	Tom glanced through the broken glass for just a moment. “The lines are thinner near the beach, but from ground level I can’t be sure of anything!”
	“Copy that,” Sam looked around at his unit. “Alright, Beta.  I don’t have a motivational speech to get everyone in the mood.”
	Lexie stepped up beside him. “I’ve got a few words: let’s kick some ass and we’ll share stories over breakfast tomorrow.” A number of marines mumbled hushed agreements. 
	“Rayburn says the beach doesn’t look as occupied.”
	“It’s no secret we were in the middle of the island.  If nobody’s noticed we’re missing, chalk it up to luck.”
	Sam glanced at Lexie. “What are you saying?”
	“They’ll be expecting us to come through the path of least resistance, and they’ll have planned a contingency for it.  We need to be unpredictable.”
	“What did you have in mind?” Hunter asked from a few steps behind her.
	“Cut out the heart if you want to kill your prey,” Lexie replied. “Hit them right up the middle.”
	“Not a lot of room for error if we take that route,” Sam replied, “And no offense, but when did Army chicks start growing balls?”
	“Are you kidding?” Lexie smiled, “I’ve had balls since day one.”
	Hunter chuckled, “That’s a turn off.”
	Lexie glanced back at him and shot him a sardonic face of remorse. “Aw, poor baby.”
	Sam nodded after considering it briefly. “As devil dogs, suicide missions are our specialty.  Move out.” As one, the unit rose to a stand.  They divided into three groups of four as they quickly approached the clump of muzzle flashes and screaming voices.  Sam was right.  There was no room for error if any of them wanted off this rock alive.  After the first penetration, it’d be a run for their lives.
	The war on the ocean didn’t seem to be faring much better.  Lucky the Mobile Bay had a steel hull that small arms couldn’t penetrate.  Didn’t make anyone feel better the way more and more shots were pinging off titanium like an incessant ring-tone.  Ben, Terrence, and Zack were back on their feet in the bridge, trying to use any weapon systems still available.  Most every computer on the deck was hit by bullets or shrapnel.  They were lucky the ship’s controls were of a different platform.
	Joe didn’t relent from his own position outside with minimal protection.  He fired non-stop at anything that broke water over the ocean.  His weapon could swivel around nearly 180 degrees, which made him able to hit most everything on his side of the cruiser.  The speed of bullets, velocity of targets, distance, and nightfall were all members opposing him, leaving his accuracy to less than one fifth of the shots he fired.  All in all, he wasn’t making a big impact on his own.
	To everyone’s gratitude, the chopping air and rushing winds were now overhead.  Robert and Jacob both had sniper rifles pointed out of the fuselage.  Night vision didn’t add much value to their already honed skills.  Starlight reflecting off uneven tides and dozens of flashes sparking all over the surface pinched acute nerves in their aiming eyes.  Robert needed a full clip to take down two boats.  He glanced over at Jacob, who was accurate enough to disable two boats and capsize another with a seven round clip.  But even that wasn’t enough.
	Ben jumped on the line. “Second wave is less than thirty seconds out.” Individual coastal patrols were grouping up to strike against the Mobile Bay.  The Mobile Bay was San Clemente’s number one objective since the outpost reached San Diego.  This would be her defining moment, as she was now crippled of her most valuable defense and had to rely on the strength of others.  The next wave to reach carried at least twenty-five bogies, the third one out closer to thirty.
	Taking up the door mounted miniguns, Miguel and Gordon were pounding out every last shot they had available.  Of course despite burdening one of the most powerful weapons in the outpost’s arsenal, neither had much experience in night combat.  Plus, Andrew was staying well above gunfire and rocket propelled grenades spiraling into the sky on a hopeless vector.  By the time this battle at sea began, the door guns were down to their last quarter of ammunition.
	Zack ducked when another spray of shots lit up the wall behind him.  Both Ben and Terrence were reaching for their rifles in the anticipation of enemies boarding.  Zack no longer had a weapon.  He traded it off for the peaceful life of a ten week old child’s father, neglecting that peace was in short supply nowadays.  It irritated him to feel helpless.  But if they didn’t win this battle, he could very well never see Savannah or Abel again.
	The kid sprinted out of the bridge, ignorant to the two elderly men who didn’t notice his departure.  He dropped down a couple sets of stairs before bolting out into the darkness on the open deck.  Joe took the port side fifty-cal, which left Zack the vacant starboard side.  He didn’t take notice of how much more crowded this side was until the triggers were in his grip.  Pulling the trigger, he was numb to the kick.  The shots were loud, but nothing he couldn’t adapt his ears to.  He quickly swiveled about, lighting up a speedboat less than fifty feet away.
	Tom and Walt, taking up opposite sides of the heavily occupied docking complex, didn’t feel the battle letting up in any form.  If nothing else it only seemed to be getting worse.  What had at first been a couple of specks on the horizon now seemed enough flashes to light a small city.  Hundreds of mercenaries, soldiers, and civilians simply doing what they believed was necessary to survive.  Kill or be killed, this was their choice in fight or flight response.
	A message came through the radio. “Nova, Able,” Lexie voiced up in a hushed voice.  They were only a few steps away from the battlefield now. “We’re coming in through the middle.  Watch your fire.”
	“What?” Tom asked.
	Walter was in the process of informing his entire platoon via walkie. “Nova, this is Walt.  Beta is on approach, watch your fire.  Good luck out there, Beta.  It’s a pretty bad storm in the middle, from what we can see.”
	The twelve man platoon approached in three groups.  The first man to reach his target, Sam, wrapped a length of cord around his victim’s neck.  Those who responded to the guttural choking were also caught from behind, strangled before they had a real chance to make a difference.  With that, the first line of many was down.  Many of the marines chose to pick up recently vacant rifles for a quick swap.
	Sam walked along a building’s wall, slow to reach the corner.  While Lexie led another team to the other corner of the structure, Russell’s squad penetrated directly.  The invasive gunfire in the two story building was everywhere.  Silencers fixed, the four divided into two sets of two and circulated through every room.  One by one, more and more of the enemy were neutralized without anyone being the wiser.  All but the platoons who noticed the muzzle flashes lax in the center of the battlefield.
	Around the corner, Sam led his squad to the edge.  The buildings ahead contained more gunmen.  But they couldn’t go around strangling everyone from behind.  If the jig wasn’t up already, they were just lucky.  The Sergeant Major dropped to a knee, raising a fisted hand to make his followers do the same.  Carefully, he peeked his head out around the northwest corner of the structure.  At least a dozen enemy soldiers were on the ground, carefully pressing forward.  He leaned back against the wall. “Russ, everything clear?”
	“We’re all done in here,” Russ replied, “Echo, regroup at the north side of the building.” It only took a few seconds for the four men to relocate each other and wait on the inside of a closed set of doors. “Are we clear outside?”
	Lexie reached the edge opposite Sam and gave her peripheral a quick glance. “Foxtrot is in position.”
	Staff Sergeant Doug Weiss didn’t like being second in line.  And even less, he didn’t like to feel inferior, especially to a girl. “Why are you trying to take my job?”
	Lexie sent him a sour look. “I only get so many chances to be in charge, Staff Sergeant.  Let me have my five seconds of fame.”
	“Long as I’m the last one out,” Doug reluctantly shook his head.
	“I won’t take that away from you.  You can be my bullet sponge any day.”
	Russ led his unit outside, and they quickly planted themselves along the wall in darkness to avoid detection.  From a few meters away, Sam carefully took a step into the open.  He gripped his radio as he did so, “Move up to the next structure,” he whispered, “Echo, clear it out.”
	“Copy that,” Russ answered over the comm.
	Lexie was at the head of her squad, closely accompanied by Doug.  Neither were aware until it was too late to prevent it.  A scream to the right, just around an occupied shack.  The two turned to engage, finding a young girl.  Lexie raised her arms to fire, but something stopped her.  She was too young to be a threat.  The rifle in her arms raised in response.  Lexie clamped her eyes shut, praying it was just a dream.  A trio of gunshots echoed to her immediate right.  She opened her eyes again, seeing the girl falling back with mortal wounds to the chest.
	Doug grabbed her by the arm, “Move it, Gibbs!” He yelled.  He noticed her hesitation and reluctance.  But this was war.  If somebody pointed a rifle at them, regardless of age or gender they were considered an enemy combatant.  Lexie just didn’t like the bitterness of such a choice.  Failing to respond was still failing, but her allies and not her foes.
	Before anyone knew it, the scene turned for the worst.  Gunshots rang out from the vector in which they were spotted.  At least six enemy soldiers, all firing in a crouch.  The other two squads laid down suppressive fire in a moment’s notice.  As they did so, Sam kept a close eye on the four people in Lexie’s group ducking into the building.  Once they were clear, Russ’ unit did the same through a different door.  As they were the farthest targets to hit, Sam chose to keep his people outside.  They retracted around the same building’s edge.  But the game was up.  The enemy knew these soldiers were in their back yard.
	Lexie had her hands on her head, fighting back the tears.  Regardless of her actions, a young child lost her life this night.  She reacted remorsefully and her face looked petrified.  She was in shock, no doubt about it.  Doug stepped up to her and grabbed her hand. “Don’t beat yourself up, you didn’t have a choice.”
	“She’s dead.  How could you--”
	“Because it was either her, or you, or one of my men.” He looked ferociously into her eyes. “I don’t like taking lives any more than you.  But my priority is for my family, not theirs.  The sooner you come to terms with that, the better.” Doug looked at his squad. “Keep your eyes open, they know we’re here.” He led Lexie into a seemingly abandoned room.
	The woman had to take a seat. “She didn’t deserve to die.”
	Doug growled.  He wasn’t making his mark like he’d hoped to. “Delta, this is Foxtrot, we might be a little late.”
	Sam edged to the next block. “Late isn’t gonna cut it Weiss, I’m not missing my ride out of here.  Whatever shit you’ve got, stow it ‘til we’re on the water.” As he finished speaking, a gunshot rang out from behind.  One of his soldiers fell back, clutching a serious wound to the leg.  Sam spun about, engaging two hostile silhouettes in the window of an adjacent rooftop.  Another was lifting his teammate to a stand.  Once the two started into the next roadway, Sam screamed into his mike. “Move up!”
	Lockwood’s unit didn’t have far to go.  A few small unoccupied shacks stood between them and the flames of the smoldering docks.  Both Able and Nova platoons spotted the detachment of four going as fast as they could with a wounded man in their company.  Tom raised him, “Delta, we have a visual.”
	Sam ducked behind a shack with Hunter.  The two provided covering fire while the injured marine was helped onto the dock.  It was a short run to the black smoke and they were clear. “Able, we may have a problem.” Sam reported over the radio.
	Tom quickly inquired, “What’s going on?”
	Doug took a few steps away from Lexie.  He grabbed his own radio to provide his firsthand account. “It’s Lexie.  She hesitated to put an enemy combatant down.”
	Walter cut in, “Is she alright?”
	“Physically, yeah.  But she’s pretty shaken up right now.  It was a little girl.”
	Tom clenched his teeth. “Get her moving, Weiss.  We’re out of time.”
	Doug was about to respond when a brunt force slammed into the back of his head.  He tumbled to the floor, catching himself before he smacked his face on the ground.  The pain was unbearable and he was too disoriented to fight back.  He tried to raise his rifle, but the black figure kicked it out of his grip.  A stiff impact to the gut knocked all the wind out of him.  The hammer of a pistol clicked.  Doug clenched his eyes shut preparing for the worst.
	Two gunshots deafened Doug, but he didn’t feel any pain.  He looked up to see his attacker clutching his stomach.  The pistol dropped from his hand, and shortly thereafter the assailant fell back to the ground.  A few feet behind him, Lexie had her rifle trained on the enemy.  Doug let out a deep breath. “I’m glad you’re still with us.”
	Lexie outstretched an arm. “I never went anywhere.  I just needed a moment.”
	Once Doug was back on his feet, he clutched his radio. “This is Foxtrot, we’re on the way.”
	Tom smirked. “Good thing.  I was getting ready to leave you guys behind.”
	Lexie and Doug were the last to leave the building, only a few steps behind Farad.  And only a few meters behind them, the responding force was getting ready to exact revenge.  Unfortunately for them, Nova and Able had yet to leave their posts.
	Lexie took cover behind the same shack Sam and Hunter were using. “You done crying?” Sam asked.
	She nodded her head. “I’m ready to get off this godforsaken rock.”
	Sam smirked. “Able, Nova, begin the retreat.”
	“Way ahead of you, Sergeant Major,” Tom answered quickly.  He was the last out of the building members of his platoon occupied.  Friendly faces were abound, not seen for several hours since the insertion began.  Not as many faces as he wanted to see, but casualties were one of the many prices of war.
	At the same time Walter was sending his own platoon back in a leapfrog formation.  It took a matter of seconds for half his unit to reach the docks.  The rest were slacking to keep the enemy occupied.  They could be overrun in a second if the gunfire simply stopped.  But they were already on the verge of being overrun, which made Walt that much more anxious to get off the island.
	Walt dropped to a knee in the same cover as Lexie. “Gibbs, get your ass out of here!” Lexie didn’t hesitate to leave the battlefield.  He didn’t order her to join the leapfrog withdrawal, so she quickly sprinted onto the docks and through the thick plumes of smoke. “Alpha, Bravo, start pulling back.  Delta, hold the line.” As two thirds of his unit followed closely behind the female Staff Sergeant, the rest didn’t question Walter’s objective.  A few meters away, the Brigadier General was ordering more than half of his platoon to do the same.
	In a few seconds, the entire fighting force was cut down to a skeleton crew of twelve.  Walt felt a swift tap on the shoulder. “Get your men out of here, Bluth!” Tom screamed over the gunfire.  It was more shrill and invasive now than the team had experienced all night.
	Walt sent him a nod. “Delta, leapfrog onto the docks!” He was always the last to leave his post.  Feeling the less than sturdy pontoons beneath his feet gave him a sense of conviction just as well as suspense.  Nobody preferred getting shot in the back running away, but it was the better choice than being a hero.  Behind he heard the General dishing out another order to the remains of Beta platoon.  He swiftly passed Crawford and Walsh before taking a knee five yards ahead.
	At this point, they were the most exposed and they all knew it.  Half of Lockwood’s squad didn’t even attempt to join the pattern with the thin docks and relatively short distance until they were in cover of smoke.  Sergeant Haley jumped to his feet a moment after Bowman passed him by.  He ran in a full out sprint until reaching the edge of the smoke.  Upon getting to his next position, Christian spun about to deliver another volley.  One that would never come as a bullet ripped into his temple.
	Chad was half way through his next sprint when he saw the soldier slump to the ground.  The blood splatter said it all, and Christian’s failure to scream in pain caused his heart to sink.  Chad slid to his knees at the Sergeant’s side, “Haley!” He yelled in gut-wrenching trauma.  No response would cross his ears.  Walt heard the echo and looked back.  Chad, though mortified by the loss of yet another, didn’t find a moment to spare in grief.  He quickly lifted the body over his shoulders and disappeared into the smoke.
	Tom’s unit was shortly behind Walt, bringing about the final retreat into the smoke.  Though the opaque shield disguised them from enemy fire, it didn’t make anyone bulletproof.  The gunfire was only intensifying like the back draft of an inferno.  Individual squads of soldiers were in the process of removing and boarding speedboats on the docks.  Tom considered a contingency plan in the case a quick escape was necessary.  Truthfully, they were behind schedule.  Altogether the unit of thirty-six divided amongst six craft, all of which were burdened with modified gun turrets.
	Walt turned the ignition over on a speedboat and immediately dispersed from the area.  Shortly behind him were a half dozen other watercraft.  But they didn’t account for the other dozen or so craft still moored and capable of use.  Even though everyone was off the island, their pursuers wouldn’t let this go without a fight.  Chad slid back the lock, injecting the first round in a light machinegun on a steel reinforced pedestal.  He swung the weapon back to the island, where waves were kicking up on the distant shoreline.
	Zack swiveled about to change targets after recently sinking yet another boat.  The gun was hot, enough so to singe his palms, but he didn’t relent.  Any breath of relent was a weakness they couldn’t afford.  His target focused on a boat approaching directly.  As he pulled the trigger, an agonizing burn impacted his gut.  Zack fell free of the gun clutching a serious wound to the abdomen.
	The stars looked down on him, and he looked back up.  But he couldn’t see the darkness of night or bright stars in a moonless night.  All he could see were the faces of those he loved.  He couldn’t die here, not like this.  Zack rolled onto his stomach, and slowly dragged his weak, bleeding body to cover.  He didn’t have the strength to open the door, so rather banged on it with a fisted hand.  He did so more than five times, hoping somebody would come to his aid.  The world seemed to dim around him.  Against his will, his eyes fluttered to a close and he felt himself drifting into a deep sleep.
	The bulkhead swung open, where Melanie spotted Zack on the floor.  She immediately grabbed him from under the arms and pulled him inside to safety.  Once the door was closed behind, she gripped her radio. “Scott, this is Melanie.  Zack’s been hit.”
	Scott ducked down as the first of many gunshots started to fire across a hundred foot space between the escapees and their pursuers. “How bad does it look?” He asked over the engine, breaking water, and shrill machinegun fire.
	“It went in the lower abdomen, he’s falling in and out of consciousness.” Melanie dragged him into the med bay, and carefully lifted him onto the bed. “It doesn’t look good.”
	Robert growled.  He hated to think Zack of all people was going down tonight.  He elected to help, but on the basis that he’d stay out of the line of fire.  How could any of them explain to Savannah if he didn’t make it.  Robert scrubbed that from his mind before he delivered another shot down on the attacking fleet.
	Melanie applied pressure to the wound, causing Zack to wake and bellow in agony.  The young woman was scared.  She’d never been in a situation like this before, least not without Dan.  But his craft did teach her a few things.  She removed herself from his side long enough to grab a pair of latex gloves and a hemostat. “Zack,” she leaned over so he could see her. “I’m going to remove the bullet.”
	Zack closed his eyes.  His emotions drained through strained words. “Tell them…tell them I’m sorry.”
	She slapped him gently on the cheek. “Don’t start.  You’re going to tell them yourself.  Trust me, if Bobby can come back from the grave twice, I’m pretty sure you can do it once.” Melanie recovered a syringe from a nearby drawer, sure to check the contents as morphine.  It was a gamble giving him a sedative if his blood pressure was already low.  But the shock of a foreign object plunging into broken skin could have killed him just as easily.  She carefully slid the needle into his bloodstream.  Something in her mind was telling her everything would be fine.  Strange, the voice sounded very familiar to her deceased fiancé.
	Miguel pounded every last shot in the minigun down on the ocean below.  In another few seconds, the steady vibration was replaced by nothing more than an annoying hum. “Damn it,” he swore. “I’m out of ammo!” Miguel yelled at the other occupants.
	Gordon removed himself from the other gun. “Same here.” He instantly leaned in to the cockpit to retrieve a vacant weapon.  An MP5 would do little damage to material, and at this range, he may as well have been shooting raindrops.  The use of both Miguel and Gordon were down to nothing at this point.
	Jacob didn’t let the overwhelming odds get to him.  He’d taken down a hefty amount of opposition, either by disabling boats or shooting the drivers.  The second fleet was upon them now, numbers only a fraction larger than the first wave.  It didn’t rest easy in his mind that the third and final line of attackers were a few minutes away and he was low on ammunition specific to his rifle.  If they didn’t get support in that small stretch of time, the cruiser may well have been overtaken.
	Jacob clicked his mike. “Stingray, you guys might want to arm yourselves.  The ship is about to be boarded.”
	Ben grunted in irritation. “Where are the others?” He swiftly ran to the central pedestal and kicked the engines forward at full speed.
	Tom and a few others, unable to drive or take the gun, chose to fire their own weaponry back at their pursuers.  He dropped down to reload. “Five, maybe ten minutes.”
	“This is Stingray, we’re trying to close that gap.”
	Jacob fired off the last bullet in his arsenal.  It was a good hit, sufficient to stop a speedboat in its tracks.  But he wasn’t about to be overcome with satisfaction. “I’m out!”
	Robert was on the last clip, about to suffer the same status. “Three rounds left!”
	“Corbin, drop us off on the deck!”
	Andrew glanced back, “Are you sure?”
	“We aren’t going to do any more good at this altitude.”
	“What about--”
	“Set us down on the cruiser now!” Jacob screamed.
	Andrew had the training to land on a moving target.  In an airspace crowded with tracer rounds and RPG smoke spirals, not so much.  But what choice did they really have. “Hold on.” He pushed the Seahawk forward to catch the ship.  As he did so, the crew felt a swarm of butterflies in their stomachs.  The elevation dropped from three hundred feet to one hundred as the chopper closed in on the helipad.  Several of the crew resorted to pistols, none expecting to do much other than take eyes off the defenseless ship for a few moments.
	Joe didn’t let up even as a gunshot scraped over his thigh and another penetrated his shoulder.  They weren’t serious enough to kill him, Joe tried to tell himself.  Now that the ship was moving, it made him harder to hit, but it made his accuracy fall as well.  A yacht sped parallel, giving Joe an easy target to hit.  As he finished shredding the pilot’s quarters to nothing, his weapon ran dry. “My fifty cal is out!” He reported in mid-sprint on a beeline for the armory.
	Now left without a hint of support, the helicopter found itself the center of attention.  Bullets were pounding against the steel body, forcing her occupants to drop down.  Andrew kept his concentration in this hell, slowing just enough to hover over the helipad.  He descended quickly until only a few feet off the deck.  Once the bird was ten feet off the helipad, Robert, Jacob, Gordon, and Miguel jumped onto the cruiser and rolled to absorb the impact of the fall.  Andrew swiftly lifted the craft back into the air, rising to an altitude of one thousand to better protect the wounded man onboard.
	Jacob led them inside the craft with his revolver drawn.  Best not to take any chances.  He turned the next corner to find the hallway empty. “Stingray, we’re onboard.”
	Melanie lifted the crimson-stained hemostat from Zack’s injury with a deformed 5.56 round clenched in its teeth.  Lucky for him, the bullet narrowly missed any internal organs.  She let out a deep sigh of relief.  Zack rose his head slightly to see the small caliber that struck him.  If it had been a hollow point, he may well have not survived the gunshot to begin with.  With haste, she pressed a gauze pad over the wound.  It stung, but Zack would survive.  He drew a deep breath, and sluggishly spoke up. “Thanks.”
	Melanie smirked. “Dan gave me a crash course.” She turned around, where her legs froze.  A stranger had a rifle raised to her.  Melanie slowly raised her hands and closed her eyes.  Somehow the enemy had boarded.
	Zack swung his head around on an intoxicated axis. “What’s going on--”
	“Shut up,” she hissed back at him.
	Zack peeked his head around to see the stranger and the weapon he held.  His radio was still hooked to his belt.  With his hidden hand, he carefully reached and pressed the send button. “Med bay,” he whispered, his head tilted toward the receiver, “now.”
	Melanie gulped. “Are you going to kill me?”
	“You killed my people,” the pirate responded, “I don’t have a choice.” He lifted his weapon to aim down the sights.  Melanie clenched her teeth.  A deafening shot rang out through the ship.  Both Melanie and Zack instinctively ducked, having been expecting the worst.  Yet neither suffered an injury.  The gunman was face-down on the ground, the nerves of his fingers twitching around the weapon he didn’t get the chance to fire.
	Jacob stepped into the med bay. “Everyone alright?” Behind him, Robert checked both ends of the hallway for signs of more life.  Melanie nodded quickly.  Zack let a smile come to his face. “Thanks for the heads up, Zack.”
	“Just doing my job,” he spoke weakly.
	Jacob checked the injury, where he noticed the crushed bullet around a small pool of blood on the nearby counter. “Is this your handiwork?” He asked Melanie.  She was still in shock and replied only with a nod. “Nice work.  Dan taught you well.” He started back for the door. “Lock the doors until we give the all-clear.” Jacob slammed it shut behind him, and sent Robert a confirming look. “Zack’s gonna be okay.”
	“Good,” Robert led the two down the hallway, expecting more hostility throughout.
	Jacob radioed in. “Stingray has been boarded, everyone keep your guard up.”
	The gap did close.  By this time, the retreating platoons could see breaking water less than a mile away. “Stingray, we’re close.  Able through Nova, get ready for war.”
	Walt smirked. “I think we’re past the getting ready phase.” Most of the pursuit from San Clemente had been killed off or chose to back down.  There was no use once their numbers were fewer.  Which left only the front to worry about.  Chad leaned over and fit a new box of ammunition to the mounted gun.
	Robert stepped foot on the bridge, where both Ben and Terrence had weapons in their arms. “You guys still breathing?” Rob asked after waving them down.  The two nodded silently.  Robert shifted his head to see the line of boats approaching from directly ahead.  He then leaned down to check the surface radar. “We’re picking up about three dozen bogeys on the water.  Jacob and the others are refitting ammo on the deck to provide support.”
	“We can handle it, Bobby,” Rayburn spoke up, “Don’t get your panties in a bunch.”
	Robert left the bridge, hoping to assign himself some support on the deck.  Downstairs, Jacob had just finished loading a new belt of ammo to the starboard fifty cal.  Even though bullets were flying within centimeters of his person, he didn’t take them into account.  Until he felt the burn of pain, he had no reason to fret.  On the other side of the ship, Gordon was fervently doing the same.  Miguel, on the other hand, collected a rifle from the armory and went about firing at targets of opportunity.
	The six rapidly approaching vessels neared the combat zone.  Everyone took a deep breath in anticipation.  The war wasn’t over until the shooting stopped.  This was never part of the plan, as their mission objective only spanned up to the retreat from the island.  In the corps, they considered it more as job security than plan B.  Now the plan had changed to ‘shoot whatever you could hit.’ Walt clenched his eyes shut for but a moment, his mind voicing a prayer.
	In another instant, Chad fired freely on the closest target to him.  He let off maybe twenty rounds before the vessel’s engine was torn to bits.  The occupants dove into the water before they could be shot.  Utilizing their element of surprise did vastly well in these last minutes of confrontation.  Before the line of six boats had passed up the Mobile Bay, at least half of the enemy ships were declared dead in the water.  The gunners didn’t let up for a moment, only Jacob and Gordon had to take a few moments to discern friend from foe.
	Less than two minutes after backup arrived, the cruiser spotted the remaining enemy craft bugging out.  Jacob finally let up from his gun. “All units, the enemy is backing off.  Thanks for the support, General.  Victory cigars are on you this time.”
	Tom chuckled dryly as their speedboat slowed to a speed parallel to the cruiser. “We’re not in San Diego Bay yet, Major.  Save your promises ‘til we’re touching solid ground again.”
	Robert lifted his head to see the helicopter dropping from the sky.  He approached the helipad, covering his eyes when the winds picked up.  The Seahawk set down on the cruiser carefully, and the turbines immediately powered down. “Good flying, Captain.” He outstretched an arm to Andrew removing himself from the cockpit.  Corbin nodded with a smile.  Their first sigh of relief in a long time.  It felt good to be free of the reign of Carver.  But that only answered half of the problems laid their hands.
	Rob leaned into the chopper, where he found Sandra next to Derek. “Is he okay?”
	Sandra looked at him solemnly. “I don’t know.”

Day 710
Taking A Breath

	A day of silence slowly ticked by.  No response came from San Clemente.  Either they were reorganizing or they cut their losses after the massive conflict.  One other boarder was found in the halls of the ship.  He chose surrender when he realized his chances were minimal at best.  Against several of their better wishes, he was allowed to take a boat back to his home.  They’d have a lot of repairs to do, and Robert wasn’t interested in having another merciless death on his hands.
	Savannah stepped into the hospice carrying her sleeping child.  She didn’t get much shuteye lately.  Her husband volunteered for a mission that led to a serious injury.  If not for the quick actions of Melanie, as risky as they were, he might not be alive today.  Savannah took a seat on the bed next to Zack.  He needed some time to recover.  Though there wasn’t much internal damage, raw skin and torn muscle required rest and repair.  She outstretched an arm which he graciously accepted.
	“How are you?” She asked, her eyes wet with tears.
	Zack shrugged. “I’m alive.  I’ve got a beautiful wife and son.  If there weren’t so many zombies, I’d think I was in heaven.”
	She smiled. “What were you thinking?”
	He exhaled deeply. “As soon as I thought we were going to be overrun, I pictured you and Abel and I thought I’d never see either of you again.  I couldn’t just do nothing.  But the moment I thought I was going to die…” he paused. “I couldn’t bear to be without you.”
	“I’m glad you’re okay.”
	Zack rose to a sit. “I’m glad you’re okay.”
	“Why wouldn’t I be?”
	“I got shot.  I thought you’d be angry about my volunteering.”
	She shook her head. “I was upset when I heard.  But you’re alive, and that’s all that matters.  You’ll be here with me.” Savannah leaned in and kissed him.
	Outside of the hospice center, Robert was brought to a quick stop when Sandra rushed out the door.  Tears were streaming down her face.  He grabbed her by the wrist before she could pass. “What’s wrong?”
	“It’s my dad.  What they did to him.” She sobbed. “I should have stopped this when I had the chance.”
	“From what I heard, you were at a crossroads.  There was nothing keeping Carver from killing you when you told the truth.  You saved his life.”
	“What life does he have left?” Sandra asked.  She pressed a hand over her eyes.
	Robert brought himself closer to embrace her.  She pressed her face into his shoulder, sobbing loudly. “He’s got someone now.  Someone worth living for.”
	“What happened to him?”
	“Reaper brought out the worst of us…all of us.  Some monsters can’t stay locked up.  That person he was before all this, he came back.  The new world amplified that creature.  It transformed him into something I couldn’t see coming.”
	Sandra shook her head. “I never imagined my dad would kill in cold blood.”
	“He lost a lot of things dear to him.  We all did.  Kate’s death only made him worse.”
	Sandra bit her lip. “Katie’s dead?” She heard Derek tell her about losing a love, but she coined that love to her mother.
	“You knew her?” Rob asked.
	“He used to talk about her all the time.  Back when he was happy.”
	Robert chuckled. “You think he isn’t happy now?”
	Sandra tilted her head, “What?”
	“For the longest time, he lived in a mindset that both of his kids were gone.  The only thing that kept him going were me and the others.  Now he knows you’re alive.”
	“You don’t understand.  What they did to him…it changed him.  He can’t sleep unless he’s dosed up so full of tranquilizers, he’s borderline overdose.  And even in sleep, there are nightmares he can’t escape.  That’s how Carver works.”
	“Carver’s not a problem anymore, Sandra.”
	“He broke my father’s soul.  When they took him in, he wanted to die rather than be a prisoner.  But Carver wouldn’t kill him until death touched him.”
	“Death isn’t so bad.”
	“For you, maybe.  My father isn’t you.” Robert was speechless.  He never expected such words to ring so true.  Where Robert turned Nicole’s death into a catalyst that made him into a better person, the murder of Kate transformed Derek into something less than human.
	“I know he isn’t me.” Robert regretted thinking Derek and he were linear. “That’s what I like about him.  As much as you like to think he’s changed, what he went through may end up changing him for the better.”
	“How do you believe that?”
	“He’s searching for redemption.”
	Kendall approached from the end of the hallway.  Sandra didn’t take him into account, turning back into the med bay to return to Derek’s side.  A tense moment of silence passed, Robert trying to understand what Sandra was going through.  After all Robert didn’t have much experience in family problems, only funerals.  He was ecstatic to know a friend from the beginning, a man he considered a brother was still alive after cheating a most impossible fate.
	Kendall cleared his throat. “Bobby?”
	Robert looked back and acknowledged his presence. “Kendall.  What’s going on?”
	“I had a strange run-in with someone in your tribe.”
	“Seems to be going on a lot lately.”
	Kendall jumped straight to the point, “What do you know about Gordon?”
	Robert shrugged. “He came across us.  Right before San Clemente attacked, he tried to warn us.  If it wasn’t for him, many of us may have been killed.”
	“I wouldn’t put so much faith in him if I were you.”
	“Why not?” Robert was confused.  He knew Gordon was a previous inhabitant of the island and came to realize a few unexpected parties would meet again.
	“I know Gordon a lot better that you.  I worked with him for years in SWAT.  He’s only in this for self-preservation.”
	“He seemed to care enough about my people when it mattered.”
	Kendall nodded. “That’s what he does, Bobby.  He gives you a reason to put your trust in him.  But he will start to take advantage of you and everyone else.”
	“What makes you say that?  I thought cops stuck together.”
	Kendall scoffed. “I don’t consider him a cop.  He’s more a scavenger than a noble soldier.  A vulture circling over a dying animal.  If not today, tomorrow.  If not this month, next.  Trust me…he is not in this for anyone but himself.”
	“Give me a little background.”
	“Gordon and his unit were four of the best sharpshooters in San Diego.  Carver never really liked them, mostly because they were a bunch of spiteful pricks who didn’t like to take orders from a Navy man.”
	“Sharpshooters?” Robert felt a tingle run down his spine. “He didn’t have a rifle when I saw him.  What rifle system did he use?”
	“I can’t be sure, we never socialized.  All I can tell you was it was bolt-action and not semi-auto.”
	Robert considered the words.  He had only one experience with hostile living inhabitants of San Diego and those four unidentified souls were all using bolt-action Remington rifles.  Coincidences were scarce these days.  All that kept Robert from going now was understanding his warning saved countless lives days ago. “Why did they leave the island?”
	“Carver couldn’t handle them, so he banished them.  It’s been more than a year, I’m surprised they lasted this long on the ground.  And hearing that he didn’t have his favorite rifle perplexes me even more.”
	“I’ll have to ask him about this--”
	“Don’t expect him to be honest.  If you question his intentions, all it’ll really do is put him on edge.  If he thinks someone’s onto him, he’ll do whatever necessary to ensure his survival.” Kendall turned around and started away. “Give Sandra my best.”
	“Where are you going?”
	He glanced back, “To honor our dead.  Believe what you may, some good friends of mine died on that island.  If I didn’t love Sandra, I would have taken up arms to defend San Clemente.”
	Robert nodded, “The enemy of my enemy is my friend.”
	Outside the mood didn’t see a variable change.  Seven bodies were carefully strewn on different cots.  All of them had been removed of blood stained clothing and were dressed properly.  Every one burdened their rifle in cold arms.  Military funerals were vastly different than civilian.  Most noticeably, fewer tears were shed by friends and family of the deceased.  But to the members of Nova, Anthony and Christian were like brothers.
	Walt pressed an arm over Haley’s chest.  It hurt to lose another.  It hurt even more to know the platoon in which he originally commanded upwards of thirty men, now stood for thirteen souls including his. “I hope James and Kenny are keeping good company up there.”
	Luke approached silently. “What do you mean ‘up there?’ We were all going to hell for the drinks, you know that.” His stab at humor worked enough to lighten the mood.  Walsh couldn’t entirely hide that he was just as hurt.  Christian was part of Luke’s squad, which left him feeling partly responsible for the loss. “We’ll get through this, First Sergeant.  I mean the war’s over, right?”
	Walt sighed deeply. “I have a feeling we’ve still got one big push to end the fighting.  Because when Ken and Bryce and the others were murdered, we ran away.”
	“The outpost is gone, Walt.  We couldn’t take it back.”
	“I’ve crossed my threshold.  I’m ready to finish my term.”
	Chad perked up. “Does that mean you’re handing the platoon over to me?”
	“It’ll be a cold day in hell when I let you run the show, Crawford.” Both chuckled lightly.
	On the opposite side of the memorial, Jacob outstretched an arm to Tom. “I can’t express the honor I have for your men, sir.”
	Tom nodded silently. “Most of them were just kids.  They stayed here to survive.  We led them to their deaths.”
	“Don’t blame yourself for this, Tom.  As long as we went in, somebody was going to die.  Rules of war.”
	Tom scoffed. “I guess you’re right.  I try to think they’re better off now that they don’t have to live in this world anymore.  That’s a dream I’ve wanted for the longest time.”
	“Why?” Jacob asked.
	“You don’t know?” Tom rolled his eyes. “You lost all your connections, Jake.  You should know the anguish I feel.  Surviving, while everyone dies around you.”
	Jacob shrugged. “I call it too much experience.  But I wouldn’t be lying if I said I was looking for a beautiful end.  To see Alyssa again.  I dream about it every night.” A subconscious memory was creeping in Jacob’s head.  Just like Walter was thinking, he knew they had a long journey yet to go.  It would lead them to hell’s gates and beyond.  But that’s what Jake wanted.  To meet the one who could bring about his end and terminate his misery in life by uniting him with love in death.

Day 714
Dark Passenger

	The morning basics of United States Army Fort Hamilton didn’t differ in any major ways today.  Newcomers in the unit now understood the importance of showing up on time.  Peace or wartime didn’t make a difference in Army standards.  Or for any branch of the military’s standards.  A clock ticking past 8:45 in the morning signaled the morning run was nearly finished.
	Captain Travis Greer didn’t take long to recover from the usual Tuesday two mile run he accustomed his unit to fulfill in thirteen minutes or less.  And luckily for him, many of his recruits were cutting their lap times exponentially every other week.  The final soldier sprinted through the finish line a minute before his previous time could accumulate.  Travis smirked as he stopped his watch.
	“Good work.  See you guys are picking up a few things I taught you.”
	One of the younger recruits spoke up, “We’re glad to see you haven’t gone crazy putting up with us.”
	“You’re the whole reason I come to work every day, Briggs.” The unit momentarily laughed then hushed themselves, spotting a set of fatigues with a higher patch of rank approaching behind Travis.  Hearing their silence, he spun about. “Major Walcott,” he stood to, as did his entire unit.
	The Major waved him off, “At ease, Captain.  There’s a situation developing.”
	“Where?”
	“Here.” He signaled Travis to accompany him.  The two traveled several meters away before the Major felt easy to speak. “We received word of an accident in South Manhattan.  Intelligence agencies across the country are trying to determine if it’s a threat.”
	“What did you need me for, Major?”
	“Captain, you talk too much about your wife.  I couldn’t live with myself if I kept you out of the loop.” The Major paused, “Steel yourself, Greer.” He swung the door open, letting Travis in first.  On three separate television screens, the same picture was developing over the city of New York.  While many of the officers inside were trying to focus on the tasks at hand, none could keep their eyes off the television for more than a few seconds. “A few minutes ago, a plane crashed into the trade towers.”
	Travis stumbled, his eyes fixated on the nearest screen showing a massive plume of smoke rising from the skyscraper. “Charlotte.” Walcott put a hand around his arm and pulled him toward the Major’s office.
	Walcott shook his head, “With the damage we’ve seen, it may have been as large as an airliner.  What floor does she work on?”
	“102.” Travis replied immediately, already knowing exactly where she was.  He’d visited her on multiple occasions and knew the layout of the tower well enough to recognize it from a distance. 
	Walcott dipped his head, “She was above the crash.”
	Travis’ jaw shuddered.  He reached for his cell phone, but Walcott lowered it. “A cell phone isn’t going to do any good the way the circuits are tying up right now.” Walcott led him into an adjacent room screening a camera man on the ground south of the accident. “Sorry that favor I owe you had to come back like this, Travis.” He pulled a landline off its hook. “You’re on a priority channel…take as much time as you need.”
	The phone was waiting for an answer when Travis put it to his ear.  He leaned against the desk, watching the unfolding mayhem.  Three rings went by, his eyes looking up to greet an atomic clock reading 8:56.  Suddenly it clicked, “Hello,” the voice of his wife of several years was stressed, more so than he’d ever heard in his life.
	“Charlotte?  It’s Travis.”
	Inside her office the rising smoke found little trouble to negotiate a way in.  Fortunately her office on the southeast corner had access to a window. “Travis?  I don’t know what’s going on.  We thought the building was coming down.”
	“They’re saying a plane hit the tower.”
	“A plane?”
	“Are you alright?”
	“There’s too much smoke.  I can hardly breathe.  I can’t see a foot in front of me.” Charlotte leaned out of the window, spawning a sense of vertigo as she looked down nearly a quarter mile to street level. “Everyone up here is panicking.”
	“Stay calm,” he urged. “Police and firefighters are evacuating the building as we speak.  You’ll be out of there in an hour, maybe sooner.”
	Charlotte let her fear evaporate ever so slightly. “Are you going to be here when I get out?”
	Travis chuckled, “Yeah.  We’ll talk all about it.  Just pray you don’t get laid off, I don’t want to pay all the bills myself.”
	Charlotte laughed. “Thank you,” she said. “No matter the circumstance, you could make me smile.”
	“Goes without saying.  How else can you explain raising TJ and putting up with me the whole time?” Travis leaned down and adjusted the TV volume another few notches up.  The current conversation between news anchors considered the 93 bombings and whether this could be connected.  Travis scrubbed the possibility, watching the digital readout onscreen click 9:02.
	Charlotte tried to breathe the clear air from outside, “There was something in the back of my mind this morning telling me not to come in for work.”
	“I get that every morning,” Travis answered. “It’s called routine, and it sucks.”
	Charlotte’s eyes watched the surrounding in a failed attempt to see how many people were looking at her.  Thousands directly looking up from only blocks away.  Her eyes shifted to the sky.  An anomaly of some sort caught her briefly.  She shook it off, hardly thinking another pilot could make the same mistake. “I’m sorry I got you on edge.”
	“Don’t be,” Travis switched stations, turning to see an on the ground report of the same massacre. “I love an excuse to stop berating the kids.  The fact that I can talk to my wife on a private line is just a bonus.”
	The airliner she’d been watching made a sudden and direct descent, much more rapid than Charlotte could ever account for.  She was speechless while it leveled off once beneath the skyscrapers.  Moments before passing up the adjacent building, the aircraft banked to strike directly. “Oh my God.”
	“What?” Travis asked worriedly.  In the same instant, a loud roar pierced the television’s speakers and the reporter was at a loss for words.  Charlotte ducked down to avoid debris.  From above the live report at ground level, the belly of an aircraft was momentarily visible before disappearing into the side of the Two World Trade Center in a plume of dust and a subsequent fireball ripping through the walls and windows.  Screams of onlookers filled an eerie silence in the office.
	Charlotte was astonished watching the fireball drafting out and a rising black mushroom cloud obscuring the skyline of Manhattan. “Oh, my God.”
	“Charlotte,” Travis pleaded, “are you okay?”
	“This can’t be happening,” her voice was hoarse, shed of any tone of emotion. “This can’t be real.” Every bone in her body trembled from the horrifying sight, watching what may have been hundreds of lives brought to an end in the blink of an eye.
	Travis shook his head in an attempt to wake from this nightmare.  But the pictures stayed.  It couldn’t be more real. “Did you see what happened?”
	“What the hell is going on?”
	Beyond the office door, Travis could hear the uproar of the same live pictures they saw on a half dozen different broadcasts.  The world was awake to see the second collision and undisputable evidence. “This can’t be a coincidence.”
	“What do you mean?” She asked. “Somebody’s doing this on purpose?”
	“It has to be.  There’s no other explanation.”
	Charlotte gulped.  The smoke was getting thicker with every passing minute.  She stifled a sob, “Listen, Travis.  If I don’t make it out of this--”
	“Don’t you dare say that,” Travis clenched his teeth. “You’re going to be fine.”
	“I’m saying it, just in case.  If I don’t make it out, take care of TJ.  Remember I’ll always love you.”
	Travis clenched his eyes shut.  Of all the words he never wanted to hear, these were the worst.  Imprinting a hopeless brand in the front of his mind. “Okay, just in case.  Right now I need you to look for a way out of the building.”
	“I can barely see or breathe.”
	“Do you see anything you can use to cover your mouth?”
	Charlotte peered through the darkness in dismay.  She considered her jacket, as that was the closest thing to a smoke filter in the office or in most of the building for that matter.  She summoned the will to try. “I’ll try to get downstairs.  I’ll call when I’m safe.”
	The line went dead, leaving Travis to stare at the grim story developing on the TV.  She said when, not if, meaning she was still optimistic about her possibility to survive.  If only Travis could feel the same.  He set the phone back on its receiver.  In another few seconds, Major Walcott reentered the office. “How you holding up?”
	“Don’t ask me Major, I’m not in either of those buildings.”
	“Is Charlotte okay?”
	Travis slid his jaw uncomfortably from side to side. “From what I heard.  It shook her up when the second plane hit.”
	“It shook us all up, Greer.” He patted Travis on the shoulder. “Look at the bright side, though.  We’re at war, now we’ve got something to do.”
	Travis shrugged, “Good point.  It’s been a while since I killed, I think I might enjoy some right about now.”
	“I know I will,” the Major ignited a cigar. “Bastards fly our planes into our infrastructure.”
	The conversation didn’t fathom much deeper.  In an allotted forty minutes, the entire base of Fort Hamilton had gone dreadfully silent.  The United States were in shock.  It was one of the few times in history that an act of terror would be witnessed across the globe as it happened. “How long do you think it’s gonna take for them to put out the fires?”
	Walcott shrugged, “No telling.  That’s at least eighty floors up, fire trucks won’t be able to touch them.” His own cellular phone rang, to which he yanked it out of his pocket. “Major Walcott…what?”
	Travis was caught off guard, “What happened?”
	Walcott listened in for a few more words before briefly hanging up. “There’s been another crash.”
	“Where?” Travis’ brow jumped in astonishment.
	“Arlington.  Initial reports say a bird crashed into the Pentagon.”
	Travis brushed his hair, “They’re falling out of the sky.”
	“Of all places, aerospace command.  The FAA’s invoking SCATANA.”
	“Grounding every plane in and out of the states isn’t going to be easy or quick.”
	“Air traffic controllers are worried a fourth plane may have been taken over.”
	Travis let out a deep breath. “Do they have a vector?”
	“Not yet.” Colin set a hand on Travis’ shoulder. “Don’t worry.  Those buildings were designed to withstand multiple aircraft collisions.  Back in the forties, a bomber plane hit the Empire State building.”
	Travis nodded his head in agreement.  All he really had to worry about was the evacuation. “That’s comforting to hear.” He was due for some disappointment in the next few moments, however.  The landline on the desk chirped a high pitched tone, to which he instantly took it off the receiver. “Hello?”
	A series of hoarse breaths clouded the feedback.  Charlotte coughed loudly, dropping to the floor and just under a thick layer of smoke.  She was back in her office after a failed attempt to find safe passage. “Travis,” she sobbed, “I’m sorry.”
	Hearing her cries took all the humanity out of his person, “Why?” He couldn’t delve into deeper thoughts.  The world went cold all around.
	“I couldn’t find a way out.”
	“Did you check every set of stairs--”
	“All the stairwells were destroyed!” Charlotte finally took a gasp of fresh air, leaning half way out of the window to see the sparkling ocean of sirens on the ground.
	“Well,” Travis had to take a seat, “they could start air evacuations.” He hated to think it.  The rising smoke was too much to safely land a helicopter.  Less than two minutes to 10 AM.  The most tragic morning Travis had to suffer through seemed like it would never end.
	Charlotte froze as a shiver ran up the building and wrinkled its fabric.  Her eyes shot over to the opposite tower, where particles of dust and glass consumed around the point of impact.  Her jaw went wide, as the roof seemed to drop at freefall speed.  A thick cloud of debris leaving the shape of a mushroom cloud soon obscured her vision from the collapsing structure.
	Only eight miles away, Travis had his vision glued to the television watching from a helicopter viewpoint when the south tower disappeared into its footprint, leaving only a column of billows to fill its skyline.  A tear ran down his cheek.  Words could not describe the feeling.  It felt more a premonition than a reality.  The first tower hadn’t stripped him of his love, but he expected it to react similarly to the one that no longer stood. “Charlotte,” his lip quivered in agony. “Please, you need to get out of there.”
	Charlotte peered down to see the spreading dust sweeping through downtown streets like water.  So much life lost in an instant. “There’s no way.  I looked.”
	“Find a way!” He pleaded desperately. “You need to get out!”
	She let a passage of serenity into her mind.  By now, embracing her death wasn’t so traumatic to allow.  It would possibly end in the next few minutes due to smoke inhalation or otherwise. “It’s okay.”
	“What do you mean?” Travis shook his head.  He felt Colin put an arm around him and utter reassurances quietly. “It’s not okay.  If the other tower fell--please,” Greer sobbed into the mike. “You can’t leave me.”
	“I’ll have to leave…there isn’t a way out.”
	Travis slammed a fist on the desk, “I can’t take that for an answer!  Don’t give up yet!  It’s not over!”
	Charlotte quivered her lips in her own agony.  The tears were free flowing now.  Her husband was impossible to crack in more than fifteen years they’d been together.  Hearing him cry so horribly wasn’t something she’d managed to ever do.  It wasn’t something she wanted to make him feel.  But they had a chance to say goodbye.  That meant the world to her. “Take care of TJ for me.”
	There was no way he could convince her.  She hadn’t given up in any way.  She only accepted that nothing would prevent her departure. “Is there anything I can do?”
	Charlotte was a believer from the moment of inception.  There was only one thing she needed to do. “Pray with me.” Silently, the two began to recite a prayer shared for thirteen years of marriage.
	Fifteen minutes of such silence had never gone by more quietly.  Charlotte wanted to be with someone until the end.  Travis wouldn’t let himself hang up the phone, hang up on his dying love.  Charlotte felt the floor begin to shake and the structure creak. “It’s happening,” weightlessness enveloped her in the moment. “I love you!” The line rang disconnected immediately after her words.
	Travis cringed dryly.  He couldn’t talk back to her.  Everything he lived for died with her.  On screen, the skyscraper collapsed silently from the viewfinder miles away.  In an already failed effort, Walcott leaned over and flipped the television off. “I love you, too.” He sniffled, eyes closed, teeth clenched, every fabric in his body tearing into pieces.  The phone fell out of his grasp.  The only thing that kept him human was now gone.  A resonating bang filled his ears as the phone slammed on the desk.
	His nightmare was always the same.  Waking in the middle of the night with a cold reminder of a dark day.  Forced to recollect the beginning of his transformation into something of a beast.  An unknown enemy had taken away his wife.  Charlotte, a woman who never wronged anybody, never committed the lightest of crimes.  A faithful believer in a savior above.  Terrorists murdered an angel…his angel.  Where she was gone, everything was gone.  Where she had all the time in the world to make her peace, Travis had all but eleven seconds to accept her death.  Even after she was gone, he was forced to watched her die thousands of times on national television for months.
	A silhouette stood at his door. “I thought I told you not to wake me.”
	“This needs to be discussed behind closed doors.” The figure replied. “Meet us in the med station.” He disappeared in the next instant.
	“Damn it.” Travis set his feet on the ground.  A bed fit to hold two laid empty.  As it had for the last dozen years.  Cold and alone, for Travis would never corrupt the memories of Charlotte with another woman.  He plucked his sweater off the coat hanger and soon raced down the steps.  All but thirty seconds down a dry, deserted, and overgrown roadway led him into the health unit of Camp Emerald Pine. “What is it?”
	“I’ve been crunching the numbers,” his second, a tall Hispanic male replied. “Currently, there’s a little more than 350 people living here now.”
	“Gotten to be a bother at this point,” A British accent included himself into the conversation.
	“It’s a dry season.  We’ve been holding water stocks as much as possible, but it’ll only be enough to feed 200 mouths for the next season.”
	“We need to lose a lot of weight,” Travis admitted.
	“Or,” the British man suggested, “maybe we could just move on.”
	“Like scavengers?” The Hispanic asked.
	“More or less.”
	Travis shook his head, “That’s not an option, Phil.  I’m not leaving this place anytime soon.  I’ve got a date with an old friend.”
	Phil scoffed, “You can’t leave until you settle your war?” Travis nodded without a word.  Phil rolled his eyes. “I’m not one to question your motives, Colonel, but I have to be realistic.  In this situation, survival isn’t guaranteed.  Either we’re going to need to scavenge more supplies or people are going to have to leave.”
	“This late in the game, there aren’t many places to get food and water.  The valley’s too arid, the north’s too scarce.”
	“Then,” Travis sighed deeply, “people are going to have to leave.”
	“Good luck convincing them.  If we want to survive, we’ll have to cut down nearly half of our population.” Phil shrugged, “I’ll volunteer to help lead them somewhere else, but not everyone is going to be so agreeable.”
	Travis sent him a crude grin. “This is the way it has to be.” He loaded six bullets into his revolver. “I’ll remove them from this complex by force if necessary.  Anyone who isn’t combat effective has no use here.”
	“A lot of those are women and children, Travis.  You do realize you’ll be sanctioning innocent lives to that zombie infested world beyond those gates?”
	Travis growled. “I know what I’m doing.”
	Phil smirked, “It seems like you’re losing that fraction of humanity you have left over.”
	“Any humanity I had in this life died with Charlotte.  Spread the word.  By sunset, if we’re over capacity, I’ll start killing people myself.”
	An hour after the order was given, the entire complex was in an uproar.  Travis’ lieutenants were delivering the word to every cabin.  The matter was not taken happily, but many civilians preferred being able to leave peacefully when Travis’ alternative was taken into account.  As Travis stepped away from one cabin, a young man approached. “What are you doing?”
	“I’m downsizing, Kevin.  We don’t have supplies to make it another summer.”
	“How many people need to go?”
	“At least a hundred.”
	Kevin shook his head, “Why?  I thought you were loading up.  I thought you were waiting for Caldwell?”
	“I am.  I’m not going to leave.  I’m going to thin my forces to an extent, in order for the rest of us to survive.”
	“What about the kids?”
	“They aren’t my problem.  If they can’t shoot a gun, they can’t stay here.”
	The boy shrugged. “Can I go with them?  They’re going to need an escort.”
	“If you want to leave, be my guest.  I won’t frown on it.” He was taken off guard when a powerful force lurched into his gut.  A middle-aged man tackled the Colonel to the ground.  It was only his body mass that put Travis on the ground.  The attacker didn’t have any experience in a fight.
	“What the hell is wrong with you?” Ryan jumped up and drew a pistol.  As he put it to rise at Travis’ head, three other mercenaries turned their weapons back on him.  Travis clambered back to his feet slowly, a hand clutching the point of impact. “Why are my kids being dragged out of bed and thrown in a bus?”
	“I don’t have a choice, Ryan.” Travis replied. “I need my soldiers to survive.  If Robert comes back, he’ll be prepared for a war.  I’m going to give him one he’ll never forget.”
	“I don’t care about your war!” Ryan put both hands on the gun.
	Travis approached slowly with a calm look in his eye. “Think about the position you’re in.  You pull the trigger, they will kill you.  Who protects your kids after that?” Ryan sized up his surroundings to find five automatics trained on him. “You can hand over your gun, and make a choice.  Stay here, or go with them.”
	Eric lowered the gun. “I’ll go with them.”
	Travis stepped forward and removed the pistol. “Good.” Travis shook his head, “You could have approached me in a civilized manner.” Travis grabbed Ryan by the shoulder and threw a balled fist into his chin.  The father reeled back in pain, both hands covering lacerations.
	Ryan leaned back on a wall to recover from the hit.  He rolled his eyes in irritation. “You could have been civilized pulling my teenage daughter out of bed.  You could have let them pack their things.”
	“This is going to run smoothly.  You put up any commotion, I won’t be so forgiving.”
	Ryan approached, holding a hand out and putting another in his pocket. “Alright.  I understand.  It was good knowing you.”
	Travis extended an arm.  He heard a switchblade open and instinctively gripped Ryan’s left arm before it could extend.  He flung Ryan over by twisting his arm, snapping his elbow joint in the process.  He wrenched the blade out of his would-be attacker’s hand and tossed it aside.  Ryan moaned in agony.  Travis drew his .44, “I gave you a chance, Ryan.  I gave you a dozen chances.  I gave you everything.  And you still didn’t walk when you had the opportunity.” He pulled the trigger and put a shot into Ryan’s arm.
	Austin approached from behind when the gunshot went off. “Travis, what’s going on?”
	“Collect Ryan’s kids.  They need to see this.” Austin disappeared with the order. “You bit off more than you could chew.  I have one reservation.” Within a few seconds two teenagers, a boy and girl, were sprinting toward them. “Your children will be joining you.” Travis waited until the two could clearly see.  He pounded a shot between Ryan’s eyes, then immediately turned the gun up.  The boy didn’t have a chance, running straight into a kill shot.
	The young woman dropped behind a stone pillar before another shot was fired.  She hid in fear as Travis let off two more shots that didn’t impact deep into the concrete. “Come on out.  It’ll all be over soon.” The girl didn’t respond.  She took a deep breath, and darted out.  She hoped she could achieve distance before Travis could launch his last bullet.
	Travis let off a precise shot, hitting her in the small of her back.  The girl screamed in pain on a quick and agonizing fall to the ground.  Travis smirked as the girl fell to the ground.
	Austin raised a hand. “Travis, stop.”
	Travis sent Austin a foul look. “Did you just give me an order?”
	“It was a request.  What’s happening to you?”
	“Everything’s already happened to me.” He walked toward the girl’s body while empty shells clattered on the dirt.  He stopped alongside the body and rolled her onto her back.  She was still alive, clenching her teeth and eyes shut and breathing heavily under a cold sweat.  Travis cocked the hammer.  The girl opened her eyes just enough to see, then squeezed them shut and held her breath for the moment.  A deafening shot cracked the sky.  Travis holstered the smoking gun and walked back to Austin. “Don’t tell me what to do ever again?”
	Austin had his eyes transfixed on the lifeless corpse. “They were innocent people.”
	“Innocence makes no difference,” Travis replied in disdain. “Three thousand innocent people died in one day, including my wife.  I’m done living in a dream where the guilty pay.”
	“What about Osama?  They killed him.”
	“Do you really believe that?  The key figure in the attack killed, his identity confirmed, and the body thrown into the ocean an hour later when only a handful of people saw the body?  Even if it was him, justice was never really served.  Not to the playmakers who ordered the attack.”
	“Travis, you’re walking a line.  You can’t come back when you cross it.”
	“Who says I can’t walk where I want?  If it weren’t for me, you wouldn’t be alive.  Respect that I still have a heart.” Travis continued forward to check other parts of camp.  The downsize continued in force, and few raised weapons against Travis’ people.  A detail of thirty mercenaries opted to join the eighty or so noncombatants who chose to leave rather than face death.  At the end of the day, a little less than two hundred people remained.  Travis still had his army and now he could keep it operating.

Day 725
New Grounds

	Since day one, the word had always been tense and fearful.  There seemed to be a lingering suspense in the air.  Waiting for the next shot to go off, expecting a zombie to step into the gates of the outpost.  But now that anxiety appeared to wash away.  And now the word was peace.  Quiet, able to breathe easily without worry of an imminent death.  The enemy of San Clemente Island chose to cut their losses.  No further assault would bombard those taking heed in the harbor of San Diego.
	Lexie looked through the mirror.  This was one of the few times she had seen herself this way in a long time.  For years, she had accustomed herself to the green camouflage fatigues and leather boots.  It had been too long since she’d seen herself in naught but a two piece bikini.  She smirked and with a raised brow said “I’ve lost weight.”
	Stepping out of the bathroom, she immediately crossed paths with a couple of marines.  True to her nature she was turning heads regardless of attire.  A few guys further down the hall acknowledged her with wolf whistles.  Two doors down, Chad sent her a smile. “You look different.”
	“I’m on vacation.  You’re out of uniform, too.”
	Chad shrugged.  He was out of his normal attire, for once wearing casual civilian clothing.  Finding clothes in a deserted city was easy compared to food and water. “Too bad vacation isn’t paid.”
	“Take whatever you can, Staff Sergeant.”
	“I’m out of uniform, remember.  Call me Chad.” He looped an arm around the back of her neck and began to stroll with her. “Where were you headed on this fine California day?”
	“I was going down to the beach.”
	“Beaches are overrated,” Chad scoffed.
	“That’s your east-coast opinion.  And unlike you, I didn’t spend half of my life on oceanfront property.  I’ve been waiting to take a swim since we got here.”
	Chad smirked. “I hope you don’t mind my company.”
	“Not at all.” Lexie dipped her head. “It seems Robert wants nothing to do with me.  His heart belongs to another, he keeps on saying.”
	“I tried to convince him, but he didn’t bite.”
	Lexie stopped at the door. “It seems we’re at a crossroads, Chad.  You’re obsessed with me, I’m starting to cross over to the dark side.”
	“I’m only looking out for you, Lexie.  If you want us to be together, all you have to do is say it.”
	Lexie pushed open the door. “I’ll consider it.  We’ve got all the time in the world.”
	On the opposite side of the base, Mike had set up a meeting with Walt, Tom, and a few other soldiers.  They were talking amongst themselves, wondering what Mike had enlisted them for.  He approached with a few fishing rods slung over his shoulder.  Walter spotted him on approach and chuckled. “I don’t think you realized Logan, I’m not big for fishing.”
	“Doesn’t matter.  I spent the morning shopping for beer.  You can hate to fish, but you can’t hate to drink.”
	Tom scoffed, “I think there are a few religious proclivities to counter that statement.”
	Michael shrugged. “They drank wine in the bible.  Alcohol can’t be that bad.”
	Walsh laughed, “You’ve obviously never been to an AA meeting.”
	“Like you have?  I didn’t know kids drink in elementary school.”
	Luke rolled his eyes, “My experience was NA.”
	“You think we’ll catch anything out there?” Walt asked.
	Tom shrugged. “It’s hard to say.  Deep sea fish are a lot stronger.  We might just end up losing some fishing rods.”
	“That’s okay,” Mike replied, “I got them for a discount.  I was thinking more about getting drunk and soaking up some rays.”
	“Of all the people who needs a suntan.” Walt scoffed. “Alright, you’ve sparked my interest.  Not like there’s anything else to do nowadays.”
	“It’s kinda boring,” Luke said, “now that there are no zombies and nobody wants to go to war with us.”
	“Enjoy it while it lasts, Private.  I have a feeling we’ll be bearing arms again real soon.” The five of them returned to the humvee, all picking out a fishing rod.  As soon as Walt took up the front passenger seat, his palm was ensnared around a warm bottle of whiskey.  Cold or warm didn’t make a difference, his stomach and liver could handle the bittersweet taste.
	Inside the mess hall, Jacob showed a face of the only one bearing worry.  Since the war of San Clemente came to an end, Robert’s words had been on his mind.  Returning to the outpost and taking it back.  It would be a vicious battle, especially with someone so evil as Travis Greer leading their opposition.  The numbers they faced were significantly smaller than those of San Clemente.  But they also traded off the cruiser they’d come to know and love.  Fighting a war so deep inland, artillery support would take several minutes to reach and leaving a skeleton crew in San Diego wasn’t logical.
	Jacob scanned his hand-drawn maps, thinking of a scenario through gritted teeth and exasperated vision.  It’d been too long since he’d last slept.  As a reminder, he pulled the locket from out of his vest.  A quick glance at her photograph. “What would you have me do, Ally?  Fight or flight?”
	The beach was a different setting altogether.  At least twenty people were on the sands spread over a quarter mile.  Few were still in uniform as most had taken to bathing suits.  Chad slowed to a stop. “Damn, it’s beautiful.”
	Lexie nodded, “I haven’t gone to the beach since I was a kid.”
	“I’m talking about all these people.  I haven’t seen so much happiness in such a long time.”
	A Kodak moment, but nobody had a camera.  They’d have to log it away in picture memory.  Or ingest all that they could with the time allotted.  Zack held Abel in his arms.  He’d taken a seat on a towel while Savannah chose to take a swim.  A few feet away, Melanie dropped beside him. “You doing okay?”
	“Never been better,” Zack nodded with a grin.  The scar from his injury didn’t last more than a week, the pain was gone within 48 hours.  He’d dodged a bullet in a classic sense, as the caliber was small and didn’t phase any internal organs.  In fact he hardly remembered being shot.
	“Is Savannah?” Melanie inquired.
	Zack shrugged, “I scared the hell out of her.  I didn’t want to.  She’s better now, but I can’t help thinking I betrayed her.”
	“You did what you thought was best for everyone.  Since you’re still here, you can’t beat yourself up so much.” Melanie looked out at the water. “Let me take Abel.  Go enjoy some quality time with your her.”
	Zack smirked. “That’s okay--”
	“Don’t turn down an offer like this, Zack.  You only get so much time with the ones you love.  I know that better than most.” She looked out at the sea where Daniel had been buried. “Don’t let me down.” Zack silently nodded before raising the child to her.  Melanie took Abel in her arms like a mother all her own.
	Zack looked out at the water once more. “Thank you.”
	“Don’t mention it.  You’re losing daylight.  If you come back with anything less than a sunburn, I’ll be disappointed.” With that, the boy sprinted toward the water.
	The med bay didn’t sport the soundly tides or cawing gulls.  Few voices spoke in hoarse whispers.  Derek had taken in too much sleep to stay under any longer.  His eyes slid open to see his pale surroundings.  Once again, he was greeted by a friendly and peaceful setting, opposite the hell he endured for nearly a week.  Sitting by his bed, a face he’d come to know as a brother. “How’s the weather?” Derek spoke through a hoarse throat.
	“Warm and sunny.” Robert replied.  A grin spread across his face. “I can’t tell you how grateful I am that you’re alive.”
	“I told you I’d beat the odds.  Nicole was wrong after all.”
	“I’m sorry to say we assumed the worst when the drill was scuttled.”
	“Don’t apologize for that.  There’s no way you could have known.”
	“Yeah, but if we stuck around--”
	“Stop!” Derek voiced in a demanding voice.  The others in the room turned heads to see what was causing the commotion. “I told you to let it go.”
	Robert nodded and outstretched a hand to Derek’s shoulder. “Sandra’s worried about you.”
	“I spent my entire life worrying about her.  It doesn’t seem right that she should be looking after me.” He recollected a scant moment of his trial by fire. “She saved my life, you know.  Carver was going to kill me, but she stopped him.” His eyes shut, envisioning his horrible accounts and forcing them back open an instant later.  Derek gulped just thinking about it.
	“Are you going to be okay?” Robert asked.
	Derek gulped, “I don’t want to die.”
	Robert turned away. “The only thing we don’t have in common.”
	“You found something in death.” Derek replied, “Something that I couldn’t.”
	“What’s that supposed to mean?  Kate’s waiting for you.”
	“I’ll never see her,” Derek bit his lip. “I’m not worthy.”
	“Of course you are--”
	“I went to hell, Bobby!” Robert was taken aback from the statement. “When you died, you passed over to a promised land.  But when I died, it wasn’t sheets of white or angels.  I was in an abyss.  Everything was either too cold or too hot.  The sound was deafening.  All I could taste was blood.  The walls were crushing me every moment I was trapped there.  I was suffocating in my afterlife.  That’s why I can’t die.  Because I can’t go back there.”
	“You were given a second chance.  It’s not so you can do your best to stay alive.  It was so you could make amends, ask for forgiveness.”
	“My sins are unforgivable.  I can’t forgive myself if I can’t believe myself worth saving.”
	“Why not?”
	“I’ve spilt the blood of innocent people, children even.  There’s no salvation from those crimes.”
	Robert folded his arms.  He couldn’t find the words to speak back.  Hearing how Derek’s actions had sent him to a place of evil, there was nothing he could say.  Robert was granted peace, but Derek doomed himself to hell. “I’m sorry.”
	“You’re right, though.  I did get a second chance at life.  So I’m going to do whatever it takes to survive.  I need to, for my daughter’s sake.” He paused. “I can’t pick up a rifle again.”
	“What?”
	“My mind is made, Bobby.  If I use a weapon again, it’ll only be for the undead.  I can’t trust myself killing guilty when I’m already responsible for the deaths of innocents.  I appreciate everything you taught me.  But I can’t be your spotter anymore.”
	Robert smiled. “It’s your decision.  I won’t force it on you.  Just get better.” Derek nodded. “Think about what you have now.  Don’t dream about the past, hope for the future.”
	Derek locked eyes with Rob.  He saw something was off in his cousin’s eyes, “We’re in the eye of the storm, Bobby.  I can see it clear as day.  You want something.  What is it?”
	Robert hesitated.  He didn’t want to bring this up until he was sure they were going back.  But he couldn’t lie, he was horrible with deceit. “Travis.”
	Derek’s brow jumped. “Seriously?” Rob nodded. “Why?”
	“I had a vision.  Nicole told me to.”
	Derek couldn’t help but chuckle. “Nicole told you?  Do you really think that would work?  Nikki the angel, the one who said ‘death is never justified?” Robert nodded again.  His face wasn’t changing from the solemn tone he bore.  Derek noticed his steeled eyes. “You aren’t kidding, are you?”
	“No, I’m not.”
	“How are you sure it was real or just your imagination?”
	“After she died, I put a revolver to my chin and pulled the trigger.  Every shot was a dud.  After I thought you died, I did the same with my Beretta.  She doesn’t want me to die.  She’s been watching over me, hoping I would go back and finish this.”
	“But why?  We’ve got a good thing going here.  San Clemente hasn’t shot back since the assault.  This is the peace we’ve been looking for.”
	Robert doubted he could explain the strenuous circumstances. “You wouldn’t believe me if I told you.”
	“Try me,” Derek replied.
	Robert shook his head. “I won’t.  I’ve already made up my mind.” Robert rose to his feet.  Derek watched him retreat from the room, but didn’t speak a word to stop him.  Derek didn’t have the will to fire a weapon on anything sentient.  But Robert was different and had given in to his need for revenge.  For the first time in his life, Derek found himself sitting in the shoes that Robert had been wearing from the beginning…up until now, that is.
 	Back aboard the Mobile Bay, Sandra and Kendall had become acquainted with living on the water.  It was a pleasurable state of mind, comparable to a cruise that never left the bay.  The ocean was in both their hearts, so neither worried about getting seasick.  And even though food reserves were quickly drying up, someone on deck was fishing throughout the day.
	Sandra returned to their quarters after her daily checkup.  She’d been monitoring San Clemente radio frequencies over the last two weeks.  While the island maintained a few coastal patrols, there spoke no chatter of another attack.  When somebody brought up the idea of striking back, their ideas were immediately shot down.  Many reasons they didn’t want to follow up were spoken loudly, most of their concerns focused on the massive cruiser and its capabilities even from twenty miles away.  Most of the island’s inhabitants were simply grateful the ship didn’t blow them to hell during the attack.  Nobody wanted to play with fire next to a powder keg.
	She sidestepped around Kendall, who was finishing up a set of pull-ups in the cabin.  The young woman took a seat on the bottom bunk, then turned her attention to Kendall. “Honey?  We need to talk.”
	Kendall lowered his body, then lifted his chin above the bar once more. “What is it?” He said when his boots touched the floor.
	“Doc gave me some news.  And a test.”
	“What kind of test?” Kendall had a feeling he knew by her tone, but wanted to be sure. “Vision, hearing--”
	“I’m pregnant.”
	Kendall scoffed. “I knew it.” His face didn’t show any signs of worry.  He was enthralled to hear it.
	“You don’t look scared.”
	Kendall shook his head, “I’ve always wanted to be a father.  The only thing I’m worried about is you going into labor.”
	Sandra smiled. “That’s sweet of you.”
	“So are we going to celebrate or what?  There’s not many drinks, but I’m sure the cooks haven’t used up all the cake batter yet.”
	She shrugged. “We could spread the word.  And I’ve had a craving for chocolate lately.”
	Robert hadn’t taken three steps out of the sick bay before Jacob cut him off. “You ready?”
	“For what?”
	“To go back to the outpost.”
	Rob hesitated, his eyes darting back to the sick bay.  He knew Derek wanted nothing to do with the outpost any longer.  But considering Derek’s retirement, Robert didn’t feel it necessary to follow his wishes. “Yes.”
	“Good.  Andrew and Gus are going to fly us in tonight.  We’ll recon their numbers and any defenses they may have set up.  If need be, we’ll sabotage their systems.”
	“Any idea how we’ll get in unnoticed?”
	Jacob signaled him to walk.  The two traversed down the otherwise empty hallway, sure to keep their voices low. “The Seahawk has a flight ceiling of twenty thousand feet.  If we’re lucky, they won’t even hear us overhead.  We’ll parachute in.” Jacob opened the door to a private office where both Andrew and Gustavo were talking amongst themselves.  Jacob had drawn up a map of the outpost on a dry-erase board.  He was sure to include the 504, the adjacent highway, and the town of Forest Lakes about ten miles southwest.
	Robert acknowledged the two pilots.  Gustavo smirked, “I should have known.”
	“Who did you think it was going to be?” Robert asked.
	Jacob approached the map and pointed at the center of the outpost. “Depending on wind conditions, we’ll need a safety buffer.  My guess is the crops are still being used.  They’ll provide decent cover for us to land.”
	“Have you ever jumped from an aircraft before?” Robert asked.
	Jacob scoffed. “Bobby, I was in the marines for near thirty years.  I hope you were being cynical.  Have you jumped before?”
	“Twice…in training.”
	“Well,” Jacob smirked, “third time’s a charm.” He shifted his attention back to Andrew. “We’re going to need you to reach the Seahawk’s flight ceiling if we have any hope of avoiding detection.”
	“I understand the gravity of this operation, Major.”
	“Then you know to arm yourself accordingly should the landing zone be compromised.”
	“Affirmative.” Corbin nodded.
	“It’s about four hundred miles from here.” Robert stated. “If you need to fill up the tank, there’s an airport on the far side of Overgaard.”
	“We’re going in tonight, liftoff at 2200.  Fit night optics and silencers.  Once Robert and I have evaluated the enemy stronghold, we’ll retreat on foot to Forest Lakes for extract.  All goes well, we’ll be back for breakfast tomorrow.”
	“And if it doesn’t?” Gustavo asked.
	Jacob rolled his eyes. “Always the pessimist.”
	“Try to keep this operation low profile.” Robert spoke up. “Some may not appreciate what we’re trying to do here.”
	Jacob smirked. “Chutes are onboard.  Load up and regroup at the bird at 2145.” He wiped the board clean of any stains to ensure the confidentiality of the mission. “Dismissed.”
	While Gustavo and Andrew left the room, Robert stayed behind. “What’s your stake in this, Jacob?” He waited to ask until he was sure they were out of earshot.
	“What do you mean?”
	“Why do you want to go back to the outpost?”
	“The same reasons as you.  Revenge.”
	“It’s not revenge pulling me back, Jacob.”
	“Come on now.  I know you better than that.  If Nicole was still alive, you wouldn’t go back.”
	“You’re right.  We never would have left in the first place, and we would have been raising our son.  But if I didn’t step up as the witness in Greer’s court-martial, she’d still be alive.  This isn’t revenge, this is justice.”
	“And there’s a fine line between the two now?”
	“Just answer my question.”
	“I did.  I want revenge.  You may think I’ve been the lone wolf ever since I gave Alyssa up.  But I found a family in you and the others.  Murderers and thieves killed Nicole, Carl, Kate, and some dedicated soldiers I’ll never forget.  They didn’t just spill your blood Bobby, because our blood is the same.  Nicole was the closest thing I’ve had to a daughter since Ally died.  If you think I’m coming back there just to kill, I’d have to say you’re right.  This war was never going to be over, not until they bled like they made us bleed.” Jacob saluted Robert and stepped out of the room.  Robert clicked his jaw, thinking over the words Jacob spoke.  They did have the same goals in mind.  Someone needed to pay for killing their people.
	The next six hours shot by like minutes.  It was one of the more grateful times in Robert’s life, as he hated dodging questions about staying in San Diego.  Stepping onto the asphalt, he spotted a glowing red cherry beside the helicopter.  As he closed in, the stench of tobacco filled his nostrils.  Jacob waved at him but Robert didn’t notice in the darkness.  The moon was new, which would aid them in the next few hours.  It also made night vision a necessity.
	Robert set his M110 rifle in the fuselage before stepping in.  He stocked up three clips of ammunition in the understanding that this was a recon operation, not an assault or an assassination.  Robert wouldn’t have minded the latter though, assuming the target was his nemesis.  Rob took a seat opposite Jacob and attached his night optic.
	Andrew and Gustavo arrived a few minutes later, both wearing night vision goggles.  Gustavo was having trouble adjusting his neck to the heavy headgear.  Both pilots stepped in, checking the instruments like routine had taught them.  The turbines ignited, bringing the rest of the base to wonder.  A dozen or so stepped out of nearby buildings to see.  Ben took up the radio when the surface radar flashed a heat signature. “Falcon, is that you?”
	Andrew put the mike to his lips. “Affirmative.”
	“What are you doing?”
	Jacob tapped Andrew on the shoulder. “Radio silence.”
	Andrew nodded, “Classified.” With that, he clicked the transmitter off.  The helicopter needed only a few more moments before lifting off the ground.  It sped into the darkness of night, leaving several wondering.  Derek watched the liftoff from his bed.  He shook his head in agitation, but didn’t have the strength to stop any of them.  Feeling defeat, eyes rolled back in his head as slumber took him over again.
	Two hours didn’t tick by as fast as the six leading up to takeoff.  In the incessant roar of rotor blades, Robert and Jacob summoned the will to catch some sleep.  They’d need their wits when they hit the ground.  A hand tapped on Jacob’s shoulder, stirring him from sleep. “We’re approaching the target area.”
	“You sure?” Jacob checked his watch.  It read 23:25, the timing was just about correct.
	Andrew checked his map. “Thirty four degrees, twenty seven minutes North, one hundred ten degrees, thirty seven degrees West.” Jacob checked his GPS which read identical bearings.
	Jacob leaned over and shook Robert awake. “It’s time.”
	Robert opened his eyes.  They were different now, composed, concentrated.  He had one focus in mind and that was to return home.  They now hovered nearly 14,000 feet above the place he’d one held most dear.  The place where he buried his wife and unborn child.  Outpost Seven.
	Robert threw his parachute on. “I sure as hell hope these open.”
	Jacob nodded. “So do I.”
	Robert sent him a perplexed look. “You didn’t check them out?”
	Jacob laughed. “You are too easy.  I checked and double-checked before we left, Bobby.”
	Robert let out a sigh of relief. “Fucking marines.”
	Jacob laughed again.  He swung the door open. “Corbin!”
	“Yes, sir!” Andrew yelled back over the spinning rotors.
	“Good luck!”
	“Same goes for you, Major!”
	Robert fastened the chute to his body, strapped his weapon tightly, and took another peek in his rucksack.  It still bore the ghillie suit, the same one he last used during the siege of day 409.  Traditions were hard to kick.  Robert looked back and raised a thumb to Jacob.  And in the next second, he disappeared into the black abyss.  Jacob fell backwards from his stance, letting terminal velocity consume him in the dark.  The helicopter’s roar dissipated from his ears, and was replaced by the wind and air currents surrounding his fast descent.

Day 726
Recon

	A blackened sky without a trace of moonlight to reveal the spectacle.  Two men dropping into the unknown.  Altimeters to guide from a flight ceiling of 21,000 feet.  Embraced in a freefall, the adrenaline of life or death staring back up at them from ground level.  A fear of death couldn’t cross Jacob’s mind.  Peaking at terminal velocity, the only thing to fathom in his brain was a single word: freedom.
	It was natural to fear the unknown.  Every jump was taken on faith alone.  Between the sky and ground, ‘what ifs’ flooded the space.  What if the enemy heard the helicopter above?  What if their chutes didn’t deploy?  Strange the only question Rob wondered: what if Travis was down there?
	At ten thousand, Jacob pulled his ripcord.  Robert didn’t go a split second longer before opening his parachute.  One ‘what if’ scratched from the list.  The unequivocal scream of rushing wind while in freefall was opposite the silence of a steady glide to earth.  Only breezes against the parachute’s fabrics filled the void.
	Robert pulled his air brakes a few yards off the ground.  In this dark, it was hard to see exactly where he would land.  A guide in the form of interior building lamps and vehicle head and taillights around the complex aided in this matter.  The abrupt stop upon impact wasn’t sufficient to break his ankles, but he had to take a few extra steps to compensate.  Pulling in his chute to keep it from blowing in the winds, he heard Jacob touch down a few meters away.
	Jacob raised his rifle upon taking his first steps.  No raised voices, no alarms, no response of any kind.  The insertion seemingly went without alerting their foes. “Bobby,” he whispered.
	“Yeah,” Rob answered in a hushed voice.  A stumble of footfalls and dragging fabric against brush closed in quickly.
	Jacob adjusted a night vision enhancement over his right eye, “You good?” In regard to Rob’s physical condition.  Jumping behind enemy lines in the dark and not suffering an injury during the land wasn’t as easy as it looked on film.
	Rob nodded, “Roger that, you?”
	“I’m fine,” Jacob reported. “Looks like our jump went off without a hitch.”
	“Looks that way,” Rob replied as he removed the burlap suit from his satchel.  Looking at the camouflaged suit made him reminisce of times past.  He hadn’t worn his ghillie suit since the siege of day 409.  It had been eleven months since their feet treaded these grounds.  Robert threw the fatigues on without hesitation, but was sure to add brush and foliage from the surrounding flora.  The environment always changed, so a sniper’s area of operation always changed.  And to blend in, it was common for one to include the environmental changes on their suit.
	Jacob was no stranger to the same method.  Shortly after donning his layer of hidden comfort, the enhanced eye modification swept south.  They landed among the clearing previously used for crops.  Its utilization didn’t alter dramatically in the last 317 days despite the camp’s new hosts. “Valley Forge is to the southeast.  Looks closer than the other buildings.”
	Rob secured his own night optic, “Well, what are we waiting for?” Off the beaten path, Rob and Jake stayed inside the crops and well away from blacktop.  Roadways in the complex frequented ground patrols with flashlights as well as cars bearing headlights at full beam.  A journey one hundred yards brought them to a linger ten feet off the road.  With the manpower and technological advantages of the militia, power of lights illuminated every one of the five building cluster, as well as the surrounding outdoors.
	Jacob removed his vision from the light amplifier.  His right eye dealt with a glowing orb left from the enhancement.  In a moment of half blindness, his good ear jumped in frequency.  Dozens of conversations through open windows, as well as on the patio and balconies.
	“This isn’t going to be easy.” Rob whispered.
	Jacob smirked, “The only easy day was yesterday.”
	Rob clicked his teeth, “Any idea how we can combat this?”
	“Same way we did at San Clemente,” Jake answered, “quick and quiet.”
	“We had a Navy cruiser off the coast of San Clemente.  We don’t have that kind of power this far inland.”
	“Good point.” Jacob started to count a crowd of enemy combatants in the program building. “There’s gotta be at least fifty guns in this district alone.”
	“What do you think Hilltop will look like?”
	Jacob rose to a stand. “That’s where we’re going next.” The two delved deep into the crops.  A short walk later found them on the opposite side of the plantations, where a patch of asphalt cut off the dirt and grass.  Jake peeked his head out only long enough to see an approaching car. “Down,” Jake was stern, yet quiet.  Both men fell prone on their stomachs.  The lights flashed above as a diesel engine grew in volume.  But without a pause in its travels, the truck passed them by.
	Jacob took a deep breath of relief.  Rob didn’t believe in fortune so readily. “That was too close.” Rob jumped to his feet and sprinted across the road.  Jake was a half step behind.  A split second later, comforted by thick brush, the marine led them up a few hundred yards.  The incline grew as outlines of structures became visible, but nothing was illuminated here.
	Around another corner, Jacob was taken aback by a foul, piercing odor. “Damn,” he swore as he clamped his nostrils shut.
	Rob adapted to the scent. “Isn’t the first time I smelled that.”
	Jacob nodded.  He slowly opened the door to a storeroom, where his night vision fell upon a grave sight.  A hole-riddled body stained with blood throughout and maggots festering inside the wounds dangled through the recently opened portal. “What the hell happened?” Looking into the room, he was met by more than a dozen other corpses.  Something was fishy.  These didn’t look like zombies.  Decomposition was only occurring postmortem, and less than half of the bodies suffered execution-style wounds to the temple.
	Rob pushed Jacob aside.  The first thing to meet his eyes was agonizing to see.  The majority of dead belonged to women and children. “Travis,” he growled under his breath before leaving the building by force of a twisting stomach.
	Jacob shook his head in disgust before closing the door.  It took him a moment to catch up to Rob.  The latter had taken to smoking a cigarette, content that this area was deserted of guards.  After all these years, the character of Travis never changed.  His hate and his evil didn’t discriminate, and now Rob understood his nemesis knew no bounds.  It didn’t matter what made him so wrong.  Killing a child was a sin unparalleled.  This is why Nicole wanted Robert to come back here.
	Jacob put a hand on his back, “You good?”
	“Not anymore,” Rob shook his head.  He took another drag, then stomped the cigarette out and started down the stairway leading to the amphitheatre.
	Their journey didn’t see any lax upon reaching blacktop.  Robert was too curious to see the rest of the camp.  And he was too furious at the crimes he witnessed moments earlier.  Only one was responsible for such acts.  Travis had to pay.  At first, Robert couldn’t conceive why Nicole was so hungry for Travis to die.  Now he knew everything he needed to know.  All that was left was to act.
	On the road’s edge, they stopped to peer at the interior of the dining hall.  Jacob was awe-stricken, counting twice as many as he surmised at Valley Forge.  Opposite him, Robert recognized one in the crowd.  The murderer sported a wide grin under outgrown hair.  Travis only felt remorse in his nightmare.
	Seeing the snide look on Travis’ face made rage shoot down Rob’s legs.  He traded off common sense and logic for vengeance guiding his steps.  He wanted to avenge Nicole with disregard for his own well-being.  All he needed was one precise bullet.  But Robert would rather beat Travis to death with bare fists than give him the ability to die quick and painless.
	Before his journey took him three steps, a hand grabbed the collar of his vest. “What are you doing?” Jacob asked in hushed irritation.
	Rob tried to shake himself loose, “I’m getting even.” Jacob wouldn’t let go.
	Jacob snarled, “This isn’t the way!”
	Robert spun about, “I had the opportunity a year ago, but I didn’t kill him.  This is the only way.”
	“Stop thinking about Nicole for one second.  Start thinking about yourself.”
	“I spent thirty years only thinking about myself.  She’s the only other person I can think about.  And him, the one who ordered her murder.”
	Jacob growled, “Then think about me.  I’m not going to die because you want revenge.  I’m not going to explain how you died to the others, either.” Robert ignored him.  When he tried to get free again, Jacob wrestled him to the ground. “Goddamn it Bobby, you’re not gonna solve anything running in there with one clip!” Jacob’s voice was shrill and angry, but he knew to keep it an octave lower. “You’ll be dead before you get close.  Trust me, we’ll be back soon.  Once we’ve got enough people to support our cause, I won’t stop you.”
	Robert pondered it.  Though he didn’t care whether he lived or died, he couldn’t abandon Jacob.  And judging by the number of people around Travis, it would be near impossible to accomplish his goal.  Rob clenched his teeth in frustration. “Fine.  We’ll do it your way.”
	Jacob patted him on the shoulder. “I know it’s hard, but you need to let it go for now.  Don’t let your emotions decide your fate.” Jacob led the two beyond the dining hall.  The primary objective was to examine their enemies’ numbers, strengths, and weaknesses.  As the armament varied but mostly stuck to military grade firearms, it would most definitely be a bloody siege.  In order to ensure victory in a hypothetical battle, they’d need to utilize every one of their advantages.  Stealth would be necessary, just as much as a powerful punch and endurance.  It would be a ground war, a fight for structure control, an overall bloodbath.
	Jacob stopped outside of the darkened craft house.  Nobody occupied it, so its priority was missed on Rob.  Jake led them in slowly, the two sticking to night vision rather than lighting up the room with flashlights.  The walls maintained the same banners recognizing core traits of character.  On one of the tables, a variety of hand-drawn maps outlined the complex.  Guard patrol routes littered the paper in bleeding highlights of more than a dozen colors.  Among the maps, one Rob recognized as his own artistry.
	Rob pulled the map off the table.  It’d been a while, but he recognized it as the same one Travis’ henchmen had stolen long ago. “Looks like this thing came full circle.”
	Jacob nodded, “Good.  Now we know it’s not flying around the region anymore.” He retrieved an infrared camera, one that wouldn’t burden a flash in this dark.  The two scanned the other four maps worth of patrol outlines and guard shifts.  Another documented trip-lines outside of the perimeter, as well as booby traps.  This one spotted premise, but it only reported traps outside the camp.  Neither realized the inside bore similar wiring.
	“Are you satisfied?” Robert asked.  He’d seen how many soldiers were here, the security parameters, and the man he wanted to kill.  There was nothing more he wanted to do than leave and return with the cavalry to fulfill his commitment.
	“Yeah,” Jake answered.  He carefully opened the door to assure nobody was outside. “Let’s get out of here.”
	Robert raised a hand, “Wait.” He peered a short distance away, to the chapel. “There’s one more thing I need to do.”
	Jacob sent him a sour look, “You’re not going to kill Travis.”
	Rob shook his head, “No.” He led the two a short distance.  While a sentry unit navigated the blacktop only a few metes away, the moonless night disguised the ghillies perfectly.  Robert slowed to a stop, his eyes staring down at the mess left for them.  Their makeshift graveyard where six bodies were buried and another nine lives were honored, all of the planks of wood had been disrespected.  Fifteen crosses kicked from their places in the ground.  Any belongings or flowers set at the bases were absent.
	Jacob shook his head.  He was furious to see.  Even though their factions fought, the outpost never dishonored the lives taken on either side.  He was ashamed to see, of the seven names preceded by a soldier’s rank, the crosses were vandalized by spray paint or broken into pieces. “Who the hell is capable of something this evil?” Regardless of who a person was, their memory should never have been disgraced once they were gone.  It was evil, plain and simple.
	Robert scanned the names of intact crosses.  Each one brought a memory and only a few of those memories were truly joyful, as the last thing Rob remembered from each was a lifeless body.  Christopher James Phelps, a supervisor to many, a friend, and a father.  Alex Tim Sanders was the next he laid a hand upon.  All he could picture were brief moments of Alex servicing behind a cash register.  Alyssa Joy Warren…he only had a distant memory of her, dying sickly in a bed.  He took great care to set it down, but…
	“Wait,” Jacob spoke up.  Rob looked back at him. “Give it to me,” he requested.  Robert raised the cross, where Jacob snatched it out of his hands.  He walked a few steps away, and ceremoniously planted it back in the ground.  Jacob never forgot where his daughter’s cross was set.  Robert tuned himself out to Jacob’s sermon, as he didn’t want to eavesdrop on him.  He may very well have been speaking to her soul through the grave.
	Rob went back to looking through the names.  Elizabeth Owens’ cross was intact, where her husband’s had been viciously desecrated with obscenities in bright spray paint.  Ken made a lasting impression on Rob.  The two had both lost their love for reasons unknown.  The next also struck a chord.  Katherine Elise Huffman, the woman Derek had fallen for.  This world was too cruel to strip the innocent of their beautiful lives and burn a lasting wound into the surviving souls whom they had touched.
	Robert froze when he saw the name he’d been searching for.  Nicole Bridget Arnett Caldwell.  The vertical stack saw a name Robert added following her death, Lance Caldwell.  The son he’d never been able to hold, only the rounding belly of Nicole’s pregnancy as a reminder.  His name was only recalled by a hallucination or vision.  Rob’s teeth clenched.  After all this time, he could hardly remember what she looked like.  Only a picture, years old and faded from weathering, kept him from losing touch with her beauty.  The memories and brief eclipses of his afterlife weren’t solidified or maintained by sight.
	Rob carefully set the cross over their grave.  To secure it, a mound of dirt pressed over the stake tightly.  Robert didn’t feel grief or anger.  Looking at her grave, for the first time he felt…joyful.  He’d been blaming himself and his past for actions he couldn’t alter.  The outpost was his buffer from the outside world, his cabin a seclusion from a man who wanted him dead.  From their inception, he knew neither could save them all indefinitely.  But somehow, he was happy Nicole was gone.  She could no longer suffer from the choices of evil men.  She was safe now…immortal.
	Jacob took a knee a few steps away. “Bobby, we need to get moving.”
	“Give me a minute,” Robert requested.  He lifted the dog tags from around his neck and set them on the cross. “I am one with you,” he whispered, “I always have been, and always will be.” He paused, considering the mission she asked of him. “All I ask is that you give me the strength to succeed.” Rob lifted to a stand.  Her mortal being couldn’t respond, but he knew her soul was standing next to him.
	A whisper rang in his ear. “You will have everything you need when the time comes.” Some would call it imaginary.  Robert didn’t believe in such signs as his own fiction, not anymore.  Even after she was gone, Nicole’s spirit presented itself to Rob on many occasions.  This was one of such miracles.
	“Thank you,” Robert nodded, a smile on his face brighter than Jacob could reminisce.  Rob cleared his throat. “Okay, let’s get back to the chopper.” The trek out of camp, they ill expected to be discovered.  The insertion and sneaking deeper into the complex’ hostile territory was more reason to fret.  Neither had their guard down while traversing off road parallel to a six man patrol.  With the dorms in sight, they believed there would be little in the form of infantry beyond.
	Luck ran out in an instant.  Jacob was too late to stop himself short, as his ankle wrapped around a line of wire.  The line wasn’t pulled taut to trip him over, but its purpose needed only a little push.  Both Rob and Jake were awestricken by a neon red flare spiraling several hundred feet into the sky.  Light encompassed the landscape in an instant, turning heads from a half mile away to the source of illumination.  Neither of the snipers had the agility to duck in the foliage.  Their awe was corrupted by horror, as they made eye contact with six figures looking directly at the two ghillie suits.
	No time was wasted on inquiry.  Every person inside the complex knew the locations of booby traps, enough to stay well away from them.  Rule one in this day and age was to shoot first and ask questions later.  As such, Jacob had his eye aimed down the scope before his enemy could have the opportunity.  The thunder of his gunshot met an immediate retort of automatic fire.  And with no cover to speak of, the only logical choice was to run.  Taking three steps, Robert dropped to a knee and delivered a series of shots downrange.
	The report of several different calibers gave many a reason to question.  Travis collected his radio, “Report!”
	“Two unidentified hostiles inside the camp!  They’re west of the maintenance yard, heading north toward the mess hall!”
	Travis clenched his teeth, “What do they look like?”
	“Ghillie suits, sounds like they’re using snipers!”
	A grin couldn’t help but spread over Travis’ face. “Bobby.” He keyed up, “Does anyone have visual of more attackers?” Three or four patrols registered the same negative answer.  It made Travis curious.  Two man operations meant either an assassination operation or reconnaissance.  The first was off the table, as they were already discovered.  Travis didn’t want either of their attackers to escape, but at the same time something in the back of his head said they’d be back if they did get away.
	Jacob stopped long enough to pound out another shot.  Meanwhile, Robert turned a corner to take heed by the craft house.  He was interrupted when a silhouette flung the butt of an AK-47 into his nose.  Rob grunted painfully and lost footing.  Jacob saw Robert take a blow and reacted quickly.  Before Rob hit the floor, a cavity was drilled through his foe’s sternum.  With neglect for a bleeding nose, Rob relinquished the assault rifle from the dead man’s grip.  Right behind Jake, he ducked into the craft house and out of the chaotic sea of tracer rounds.
	“This doesn’t look promising!” Jacob pounded another shot through the window, his aim toward the dining hall.
	Robert took an opposite side of the room and fired a few shots of his own through glass. “They’re closing in from the north and south!” He was oblivious to the trails of red running from his nostrils.
	Jake finished the remainder of his magazine, sure to hit every one of the seven hostiles he was aiming for. “This isn’t going to work as an Alamo, too many vantage points and not enough ammo!  You got any ideas?” Random gunfire began to pelt the building successively.  Thankfully, the walls were fairly thick on either side.
	Rob lifted his head above a west-facing window, looking across the flat landscape. “Just one!  Isn’t going to be easy, though!”
	“I’m all ears!”
	“We’re going to have to run for the maintenance yard!”
	Jacob peeked out, “You brainstorm like you have a death wish,” he mumbled under his breath. “Got smoke?”
	Rob procured a smoke grenade from his satchel, “Affirmative!” He instantly pulled the pin and tossed it out the window.  It traveled a few meters before rolling to a stop.  A second later, a thick plume of gray smoke started to roll across the landscape. “We’re good!” He reported.
	Jake nodded, “Go!” Rob was first out the door, and Jacob was nipping at his heels.  During the run, Jacob launched another smoke grenade further ahead to give them more cover.  The two were ignorant to the tracers jumping through their opaque shield, and were able to conceal themselves across fifty feet of land.  Running blind was a horrifying thought, but the fear was overshadowed by being shot in this layer of concealment.
	The next hundred feet were run on faith, as nothing else protected them from their enemies’ sight.  If nothing else, it motivated them to run faster.  The smokescreen was enough to give them a small head start.  Inaccurate and distant fire peppered the adjacent sheet metal buildings as they passed through the gate.  Jacob quickly closed the gate and looped a roll of chain between the links.  Robert helped by providing suppressive fire a few meters away. “You good?”
	“What’s your plan, boss?” Jacob ignored the question asked of him.  Robert sprinted to the other side of the building and beyond.  In hand, a stick of C4 with a detonator pin fitted to set it off.  His objective was only feet away, in the form of the massive, bulbous, thousand gallon natural gas tank.  The outpost didn’t bother to use natural gas following the cut in electric power.  In other words, there should have been enough residual gas to cause a chain reaction.  He didn’t account for whether the new renovators had used it.  He was hoping they didn’t.
	Gunfire doubled in an instant, which forced Jacob to retreat away from the chain-link fence.  The fire was getting more accurate as shots were impaling the blacktop around his feet.  The whistles of ricochets made his skin rise.  Jacob spotted Rob running toward him, a detonator in hand.  It didn’t take a second glance to understand Rob’s plan.  Both ducked into an adjacent garage.  Behind, the gate broke open and foot soldiers began to pour into the yard.  They’d spotted the two disappearing into the garage and knew they were cornered.
	Jacob peeked out for a quick glance.  He pressed his body low to the ground, “Now!” Robert clicked the detonator.  A combined explosion was exponentially louder than either expected.  A tremor this violent could be measured on the Richter scale.  The shockwave was sufficient to crack the concrete flooring.  Where a platoon in pursuit once was, everyone directly exposed to the fireball within a hundred feet now laid incapacitated on the ground.
	Jacob peeked his head out again.  The aftermath was vicious.  Dozens of small fires around where the gas tank once stood, the nearest building walls indented by proximity to the shockwave, the chain-link fence now practically non-existent. “You’re one crazy bastard, Bobby.”
	Robert saw all he needed.  The fence was no longer obstructing their path and pursuing foes were out of action for the moment. “Let’s go,” he replied, leading the two out of the outpost and into the forest.
	Following the explosion, most of the defending force was non-responsive.  Travis walked calmly toward the chapel.  He would have continued on, but something stopped him dead in his tracks.  The numerous crosses his men had knocked down were altered.  Two of them were now raised back in their proper seats.  Travis tilted his head and via a flashlight spotted the names.  It made him grin. “Bobby’s coming home.”

Day 726 Part II
Running Dark

	Robert and Jacob had been baptized in hellish situations numerous times in practice and combat.  Few were as brutally suspenseful and degrading as this one.  The run more than six miles had taken both just more than an hour to accomplish.  But for every step that left the ground, there was no silence to be seen.  They could still hear voices, twigs snapping, ATVS, motorbikes, and dogs.  Their pursuers kept this cat to mouse from the start.  Flashlights were absent since the mercenaries were relying on night vision to better navigate and keep their game on edge.
	“Down,” Jacob clicked over the earpiece despite the fact both being a few feet apart.  Robert quietly slid into the ground with a pounding heartbeat thumping in his ear.  For safe measure, he tossed the ghille hat over his head.  Jacob slowed his breathing at a steady pace.  He closed his eyes to help concentrate for a few seconds. “Travis’ dogs are persistent, aren’t they?”
	Robert drew a calm exhale. “They know I came back.”
	“The graves got their attention.”
	“We caught their attention.  I drew them onto us.”
	Jacob sighed. “Talk about it later.  They’re getting closer.”
	Robert spotted two figures walking parallel less than one hundred feet away.  The thick forest was of utmost use with so many men on their tail.  A few yards to their south, a forest road was carved into the landscape.  No approaching engines sounded, but only three or four other roads led in this direction.  The journey heavily west and only slightly dipping south toward the adjacent town, they thought they could drop off the radar.  A massive search party was hard to evade regardless of their course.
	Jacob clicked his radio, “What’s your status, Corbin?”
	Andrew responded quietly. “Couple of trucks rolled into town about three minutes ago.”
	“Are you hidden?”
	“Yeah, we’re safe.  What about you?”
	Jacob spotted a pair of headlights through the dense surroundings. “We’re got hostiles all over the forest in pursuit.” A few hundred meters away, a sporadic spray of gunfire.
	The ATV came to a halt.  Immediately the driver clicked his radio. “Report your shots.”
	“That’s gonna make it easy,” Jacob  eavesdropped sarcastically.
	A radio transmission came back. “Ran into a couple of walkers.”
	“Anyone infected?”
	“Negative.” The shooter replied.
	“They’re monitoring every shot that goes off.” Robert said.  Shortly thereafter, the quad bike sped into the darkness.
	Jacob looked among the surroundings, “Recognize this place?”
	“Hell no.”
	“And where there’s a couple of walkers.”
	“There’s bound to be more,” Robert nodded.  Even up in the mountains, there could be some stranded zombies, perhaps many.  Two years after the biological weapon was unleashed, the dead effect spread in a variable pattern throughout the entirety of a nation.  The nation was potentially entirely rampant with undead as every landlocked state was overrun within a month. “What do you say?”
	“We’re out of time.  Head straight south and circle back to the highway.  I can try to hotwire a car.”
	“What about road patrols?”
	“We’ll deal with them as we run into them.”
	Robert checked the magazine of the AK-47 he picked up. “You ready?”
	“Let’s get moving.” Jacob changed course leading them ninety degrees to their left.  Robert was close behind with a hand on his holster.  The forest was unkind with this exertion over uneven terrain and the constant fear of being hunted.  It didn’t seem like it would end.  The two slipped into a dried up riverbed.  Checking both sides that proved to be empty, Jacob pushed them back into thick forest.
	A dog barked from a close distance.  Jacob stopped and Robert was linear.  Both spotted movement in enhanced emerald vision and instinctively fell prone.  The patrol of two men and a dog would intersect with their path less than ten meters away.  That dog even put Jacob on edge. “What do we do?”
	“Don’t move.” Jacob replied silently.  A cold silence fell upon the surrounding area as the crumpling forest floor crept closer and closer.  Eyes were never taken off the advancing trio.  Their German Shepherd spun its head from one side to the other, his eyes flashing across their night vision.  However, this animal didn’t seem to pick up their scent this close.  Both kept a low profile for another few moments until the patrol disappeared in the thicket. “Okay, go.”
	Robert and Jacob sprinted with all their strength.  Their legs hurt from sore and strained muscles.  They’d been running in fear for more than an hour, sensing their enemies getting closer with every moment they stopped to catch their breath.  A small clearing appeared ahead, and before either of them knew it they were in the open.
	The crackle of a gunshot sent both to the ground. “Report fire!” A nearby mercenary screamed.
	“I saw movement,” another replied, from the opposite side of the clearing.
	Robert clenched his teeth.  They were compromised, and it would only take a minute for the calm to pass and a hailstorm to envelop them.
	“Move in,” the patrol leader replied.  Rob and Jacob slowly checked a full 180 degrees by the slightest of movements.  There were only four men closing in, but directly facing them.  Two groups, one from the front, another from the left side. “HQ, we may have located them.  We’ll report back in one minutes.”
	Jacob grunted quietly. “You bring a torch?”
	“Yeah,” Robert slowly reached into his vest for a flashlight.
	“I hope you’re ready for this.  We’ll have to use their own tech against them.  On my go.” Robert’s thumb hovered over the flashlight’s button. “Go,” Jacob whispered.  In that moment, he clicked on a flashlight and drew his revolver.  The light swung directly into the night vision goggles his foes were using, effectively burning their retinas for a few moments.  Robert rolled on his side to turn his light on the other two.  In his other hand, an M9 Beretta primed to fire.
	Automatic gunfire let off mostly as a shock and gut reaction.  Four men blinded but still capable, there was little else to do.  They fired forward in the hopes they could hit whatever they were looking at.
	Jacob released two shots from his Blackbird, Robert doubled that number.  The random spray of assault rifles died when four bodies fell to the floor. “They’ll have heard those shots.  We need to go now.” Jacob jumped to a stand and sprinted.  Robert was only a moment behind.  To their rear, they could hear radio chatter spike from the gunfire exchange.
	The next quarter mile was the scariest to traverse.  A number of other reports came in, some on radios in close proximity and they only avoided discovery by fate of chance.  Jacob dipped into a ravine while Robert was a few paces behind.  The second stopped short when he heard a voice. “Freeze!”
	Jacob stopped there, staring a young man aiming a G36 at his chest. “Listen--”
	“Shut up,” the mercenary said. “Where’s the other?”
	“We split up,” Jacob lied.
	The mercenary reached for his radio, “Alpha unit, I’ve got one of them.”
	“Where are you?” The kid raised his rifle to the sky and let off two shots.
	Jacob gulped in fear, knowing it was a short stretch of time before he’d be arrested or executed.  His money was on the latter.  Robert had to act fast.  But a patch of movement behind caught Jacob’s eye. “There’s something behind you.” He thought he should mention it.
	“How stupid do you think I am?” The kid smiled.
	Jacob bit his lip.  It may have been Robert.  But in this forest, it could have been anything. “I’m serious.”
	“One more word and I kill you now.” Jacob shrugged. “Alpha, hurry up.  This guy is--” he heard a twig snap from behind.  As soon as he looked, a decomposed face let its jaw open wide.  The boy, in a frenzied attempt to push it away, found his wrist ensnared between the zombie’s teeth.  He let out a blood-curdling scream as flesh was ripped from his body with ease.
	Jacob drew his revolver with his captor’s attention diverted.  He immediately let one shot off, killing the zombie before it could do any worse.  The mercenary dropped to his knees shortly behind the zombie, his other hand wrapped around the wound. “I tried to warn you.”
	The kid clenched his teeth, a tear running down his face. “It’s done.” He looked back at Jacob. “I’ll be dead in a few hours.  What good will killing you do me now?” As he finished, Robert turned the corner behind with an AK in hand.  Jacob raised a hand to make him lower it. “They’ll be here soon.  Go.” His lip quivered.  When neither raised a foot, the boy grew irate. “Go,” he repeated louder.
	Rob and Jacob crossed eyes.  As fate would have it, they were still on the run.  Both dropped into a dead sprint, departing the area with as much haste as either could muster.  Their well of luck was drying out, one more mishap like that could be devastating.
	Within thirty seconds of the two leaving, a detail of eight came across the injured mercenary. “Where is he?” The unit leader asked.
	“He’s gone.” He raised his hand to show the wound. “So am I.”
	“What happened?  How did he get away?”
	“I let them go.” The kid replied.  Why lie about it now?
	“Why?” The leader asked through clenched teeth.
	“Because my life is over.  I can do one last charitable thing with it.” He looked at the rifle. “Make it quick.”
	The squad leader clicked his teeth.  Reluctantly, he lifted the rifle. “Vaya con dios, Ronnie.” He pulled the trigger a single time, putting a clean hole between the hopeless mercenary’s eyes. “Travis, we’ve got another KIA.”
	Travis growled, his eyes glued to a projector screen.  They were using generators to run electrical equipment including an advanced work station. “Who?”
	“Ronnie.  Zombie snuck up on the bastard.  He let the snipers slip out of our grasp.  Do you have a thermal scan yet?”
	“The satellite just reached optimal position, Gunny.” He looked on the screen as an aerial frame came over the camp.  It was mostly blue, save for the camp richly detailed in red and yellow signatures.  More than a hundred others were scattered west and south of the complex over several miles. “Show me the next one.” The next frame came in.  Most of the thermal signatures were in the same place, save two blips that had gained a bit of ground. “They’re moving southeast towards the highway, less than a quarter mile from your current position.”
	“Copy that,” The Gunny replied.  He snapped his head back, “Move out!”
	They must have been a hop, skip, and jump away from the highway when another report of gunfire let loose.  In actuality, it was at least an eighth mile before blacktop.  Robert and Jacob dropped into a watery creekbed, just before tracers lit up the forest right above them.  Jacob rose to respond, as there was no hiding it anymore.  Hiding wouldn’t get them anywhere.
	“They found us quick,” Robert jumped up to let off a spray when Jacob dropped.
	“We didn’t exactly leave a clean trail.” Jacob removed the three empty shells from his revolver. “Move up, I’ll keep them occupied for a second.” Robert sprinted, keeping his head under the gold glowing bursts.  He need only go a hundred meters before the forest would protect him from every shot their pursuers fired.
	Robert turned about, dropping prone to deliver cover fire.  As he did, he saw Jacob running with all the endurance he carried over to this part.  Just like always, he was sure to keep twenty percent of his potential under lock and key for a dire moment like this.  Robert fired single shots from his sniper rifle, covering up to three hundred meters.
	Jacob sprinted past him, and a breeze ran across Robert’s ghillie hat, “You having fun yet?” Jacob asked sarcastically when he passed.
	Another image came over the projector. “They’re almost to the highway.”
	“We’re taking sniper fire,” The Gunny replied, “My men can’t move up.”
	Travis sprinted for the door with his truck keys jangling in hand. “I’m on the way.”
	“Recon units near the rim are doubling back.” A driver reported from ten miles beyond Forest Lakes, “We’ll cut them off if they find transport.”
	Travis turned the ignition in his car.  Another mercenary took up the front seat and two more jumped in his flatbed.  The Colonel gassed out through the front gate as fast as he could without risking a crash.
	Robert reached the blacktop a few moments after Jacob.  The Major broke the driver window of a sedan in a small pit stop aside the highway.  He swung open the door and immediately dropped beneath the dashboard. “How long is this going to take?” Robert peered through his scope for any movement.  Breaking glass was a dead giveaway of their next intentions.
	“Depends on how much juice the battery’s got.” He ripped open a few wires and hastily crossed them with little assistance in light.  Night vision didn’t help him see the wire colors, everything was in shades of green.  The dome light was out, and not even a spark crossed any of the wires he touched. “Shit, this ones dead.”
	“Hurry up,” Robert reminded him.  He spotted movement, aimed, and fired from a stand on two targets who recently took up the blacktop.  Jacob shattered the window of another sedan.  He was in the same stance a second later, taking half as much time to rip the wires out from under the wheel well.  A spark came across this time, but the car left unattended this long slowly drained any power. “Jake, get us out of here!” Robert pounded out three more.  The forest was starting to move all around them.  They were surrounded, only seconds from a most certain end.
	Jacob removed himself from the next car after failing to turn over the engine. “Fuck,”
	Robert switched over to the AK, as enemies were within range for that type of weapon and no longer a sniper. “We’re out of time, do something!”
	Jacob threw the butt of his rifle against the next car’s window. “I’m doing my fucking best, goddamn it!” The marine tore the wires loose, cut them apart, and swiped one against the other.  The engine stuttered this time, but seemed to magically turn over. “About damn time!” Jacob jumped in the driver’s seat and Robert took up the back seat.
	Bullets started to pelt against the metal frame, “Get us out of here!” Rob screamed.  He shot through the rear window and shattered it, fixing his sights on anything in sight that flashed.  Jacob punched the gas pedal, delivering them from one patch of hell.  But it would only be a short breath of relief before they drove straight into another hell.  Jacob’s taillights just disappeared around the next bend before Travis’ headlights were burning up the asphalt where the car once stood.
	“Falcon, this is Jester.  We’re on our way using ground transport.  ETA, five minutes.”
	“Don’t be so sure,” Andrew replied, watching as two SUVs roared down the highway at top speed. “Technicals heading toward you from our end.”
	Jacob glanced back at Robert, “Prepare for a war.”
	“I think we can check ‘prepare’ off the list, Major.” As Rob finished, a pair of headlights flashed in the rear view mirror.  Travis sped toward them at full throttle.  The sedan they used was a late model and not built for speed.  A trio of gunshots echoed over the car engine.
	Jacob squinted through dulled vision when Travis flashed his lights to full beam. “Shoot those lights out!”
	Robert raised the rifle to shoot.  As soon as he jumped, another set of gunshots blared.  Jacob instinctively ducked, his head narrowly missing a clean bullet through the headrest.  Robert responded by throwing his rifle up and blindly firing.  The rest of his clip expunged, with one shot able to make its mark and cut the intrusive light by half.  A number of others hit the truck’s frame or windshield, but the truck’s grille was made of a bulletproof shielding for occasions just like this.  Travis was always prepared in a military sense.
	Travis growled, “I’ve had enough of this game.”
	“Hold on, Colonel.  Gold unit is just up the road.  We’ll stop them then.”
	“These guys aren’t just going to stop!” Travis yelled. “They’ll keep going no matter what.  We need to end this chase now!” He pumped the gas, and quickly pulled alongside.  He steadied his speed, “Shoot the tires out.”
	Both of the shooters in the tailgate rose to fire.  But neither got a shot off.  Robert saw the truck come aside.  Caught changing magazines was like being caught with your pants down.  Robert stripped the pistol from its holster and let off a series of gunshots in rapid succession.
	Travis didn’t hesitate to reach his second option.  He jerked the wheel hard, slamming his three ton truck into the one ton sedan.  Jacob took the hit, dragging across the road as it widened into four lanes.  They had but a mile to reach Forest Lakes.  The last mile was always the longest.  Jacob maneuvered back to the center of the road.  He couldn’t fight back in this battle, so he needed more ground.
	The truck made another impact, much harder.  Jacob’s chassis took a beating from the second impact.  When the tires rubbed off against one another, Jacob heard the swift boom of a flat.  The sedan shuddered down a seemingly endless road.  In a matter of seconds, all rubber was torn into pieces.  And where the tire was gone, a river of sparks lit up the blacktop.
	Jacob clenched the wheel, his teeth gritted through it all. “Come on,” he whispered to himself.  In the back seat, Robert continued to fire off gunshots.  He took a moment’s break to collect a flash grenade.
	“Keep your eyes forward, Jake.” Rob released the pin, letting the flash bang cook for a few seconds to be sure he wouldn’t miss.  Then, he threw it into the wind and dropped his face beneath the seat.  In the next moment, the world flashed and his ears started ringing.  Behind, the truck swerved minimally, but it was clear that the tactical device cut them a break.  Travis backed off a few meters, and that’s all Rob could hope for.
	Turning the final bend leading up to Forest Lakes, the glare of headlights lit up the forest ahead. “Brace yourself,” Jake ordered.  As he finished, a number of tracers burned through the rapidly closing gap.  Jacob ducked to avoid glass flying in his eyes.  The sedan pulled far right, hoping to slip through any gap.  But it wouldn’t take.
	Robert fastened a seatbelt a moment before the threshold would be crossed.  Not a moment too late, as the first of two mercenary trucks turned hard and bashed into Jacob’s driver door.  All traction came loose, sporting the sedan in a spin down the highway.  It was only a moment before the car left pavement for dirt.  A dust cloud picked up throughout a spin fifty feet long.  It came to a cold stop when it came in contact with a tree.
	The crash wasn’t sufficient to fatally injure either of the occupants.  Most of the momentum was lost in a spin, so the tree didn’t get it too bad either.  Jacob’s head was spinning as he kicked the door open.  Robert slipped himself out the broken rear window.  He planted a remote charge on the chassis of the car and sprinted away close behind Jacob.  They avoided headlights and flashlights only a split second before the dead car was bathed in illumination
	Robert put his back to a tree and primed the trigger.  Behind a few dozen meters, the sedan exploded, flipping from its rear bumper and tearing into pieces in the center of the highway.  The convoy of three pulled to a stop a few meters from the fireball. 

Day 726 Part III
Hail Mary

	The escape took them more than a dozen miles, yet their foes seemed closer now than ever.  Jacob and Robert were lucky to make it this far.  Robert peeked through the hedge where five pairs of headlights fixated on the smoldering getaway car.  He dropped back when a flashlight crossed by. “They’re all over the place,” he whispered.
	Jacob nodded. “They’ll hear the chopper before we get close.”
	Andrew and Gustavo stuck to their posts, keeping a close watch on the roadway.  Gunshots a few minutes ago added an edge of intensity and uncertainty.  A glowing ember over the canopy didn’t help. “Jake, you guys still out there?” Gustavo asked over the radio.
	“Yeah,” Jacob answered, “for the most part.”
	“What’s your ETA?” Corbin asked.
	“We’re going to be delayed.  Forest Lakes is crawling with hostiles.”
	“You brought a party with you,” Gustavo joked, “how considerate.”
	Jacob rolled his eyes, “Keep the noise down.  I’m thinking of a plan.”
	Rob sent him a concerned look. “How do we get out of here?”
	Jake clicked his teeth. “Sleight of hand.”
	“How?”
	“There’s some development in this area, right?”
	“A few neighborhoods,” Robert confirmed.
	“Break the gas line, set one to blow.”
	Rob shifted back.  The mercenaries were getting back into their vehicles, Travis leading the charge into town. “You think that’ll throw them off?”
	“Not for long, but we don’t have any other options out here.”
	Robert sighed uneasily, “Okay, let’s do it.” Silently, they began a careful walk into uncharted forest.  As they did, night optics were reattached to firearms and eyes.  Jacob pushed their path further west until a residential street came into view.
	Before either took a step, both retreated behind a couple of trees.  One truck just turned onto the street and began a slow drive along it.  The headlights flared directly over the two ghillies, but no notice was taken.  Jacob calmly clicked his mike, “Falcon, we’ve got a plan in motion.  Spin the bird up as soon as you see the explosion.”
	“Explosion?” Gustavo glanced at Andrew, who was just as dumbfounded.
	The truck reached the road’s end and make a right onto the connecting street.  Robert let out a breath of relief.  The game wasn’t up yet.  Down the residential dirt road, neither saw anything else.  No movement, no lights, no cars. “Which one are you gonna take?”
	“North side, third house down.  Can you handle the one next to it?”
	“Yeah,” Rob nodded.
	“Keep your guard up.  Zombies may be inside.”
	Robert scoffed, “You’re warning me about zombies?  That’s a first.  Good luck.” They pushed themselves onto the gravel in a frenzied dash.  Across twenty feet of open turf, the adrenaline rush came back.  Their timing was impeccable, as a new gleam of headlights started to pierce the road ahead.  Robert dove behind a picket fence in the first house, Jacob was right next to him.  It wasn’t a moment too soon, as the car turned the corner not a split second after they’d taken cover.
	Travis let the truck come to a stop.  From the passenger seat, Tony looked around for any signs of life.  Not even a zombie was walking about. “I’m trying to put this together,” Travis grumbled.
	“Colonel?” Tony implied.
	“Two men somehow get around perimeter patrols and trip lines set up miles outside of the camp.  They get inside before they slip up.  Now we’ve chased them more than ten miles away.”
	“What’s your point?”
	Travis growled, “What was their plan?  Where were they gonna go?”
	“Why?  You trying to follow them back?”
	“I’m smarter than that.  Besides, Robert wouldn’t set up a new home anywhere close to me.  He would get as far away as possible.  Something doesn’t add up.”
	Tony shrugged, “Our west perimeter is airtight.  There’s no way they came in from the north or south either.”
	“What if they didn’t sneak through a hole?  What if they came in from above?” Tony vaguely considered it. “I heard something back at camp a while ago.  Sounded like a helicopter.”
	“That could make this place the landing zone.”
	Travis grabbed his radio. “Heads up, we have reason to believe a helicopter is somewhere in town.  If you locate it, take the pilots down.” He glanced back at Tony. “Aerial support would be a valuable asset to the camp.”
	Robert carefully pushed the back door open with his silenced pistol in hand.  The house looked empty.  Rob was hesitant to advance, as a zombie could jump out at any moment.  The passing truck outside put urgency in his legs.  He walked into the kitchen.  With disregard for the sound it made, he pulled the stove away from the wall hard.  A faint hiss came through the opening, but Rob needed extra insurance.  He stabbed a hole into the gas line with his knife.
	Every minute in this town, the enemy had more time to spot the helicopter.  Though it was on a rooftop, full beams lit up more than most presumed.  Robert hurriedly collected a notebook from the counter and shoved it into the toaster.  A trick he saw from an action movie back in the day.  Whether it worked or not, he’d find out soon enough.
	The thickening fumes made his exit more erratic than the entrance.  He felt lightheaded and momentarily perplexed at how he came in.  It was a small feat to overcome, as Rob was breathing fresh air in another few seconds.  He jumped a chain-link fence to the house where Jacob was doing his business.  Rob entered the building through the open door, and soon found Jacob planting a stick of C4 in the kitchen. “Get going, Bobby.” Jake said when he heard footfalls.
	Rob froze, “What about you?”
	“I’ll be right behind you.  Get to the chopper so you can cover my ass.” He was letting on more than Robert should know.
	“I’m not--”
	“Go, Bobby!” Jacob voiced sternly. “There’s a chance they won’t bite.  If that happens, we need another ace.  Go Rob, that’s an order!” Robert would have spoken up, but Jacob’s stare was something not to be played with.  He felt a difficult and painful memory as he stepped out of the house.  McGill died in the process of ensuring Rob would get out alive.  He let himself assume the memory wouldn’t become history.
	Rob sprinted across the street, ducking into the front and back yard of an opposite residence.  The next road was more popular, but the two trucks would soon pass each other.  The sniper dashed out after they had gone by in either direction.  He was content that the afterglow of taillights wouldn’t expose him.  Hooked to tradition, he jumped another fence and crossed through another acre of private property.
	Jacob waited until Robert was out of sight.  He then proceeded to the garage and planted another charge right on the panel door.  Then, he glanced through the window to see Robert’s objective.  The toaster was down to its last few seconds.  Jacob had time to reflect on his life since the outpost tonight.  Seeing Alyssa’s grave again after so long, and to see it so tarnished.  He felt a passion for dying a hero, but those days were gone.  He was going to die getting what he wanted now more than anything: revenge.  It seemed like more and more had it out for Travis these days.
	Using a sixth sense he’d mastered over his combat career, Jacob ducked beneath the window a moment before it happened.  The detonation was loud and shrill as it was disastrous to the structure.  Splintered wood rained down above a flowering aura of red flames and black smoke.  Robert stopped a half block from the helicopter’s waiting zone.  The flames lifted above the surrounding canopy.  He hated to think Jacob could have been killed by it.
	Gustavo nodded to Andrew, “That’s the signal.” The rotors were spinning from an idle in the next second.
	Robert ascended the indoor roof access and moments later stepped into the helicopter under the rising tide of chopping wind.  Andrew looked back in dismay. “Where’s Captain America?”
	Rob looked at the numerous taillights homing in on the explosion. “He’s coming.”
	Jacob took a secondary position, crossing the street and going prone to overlook his work.  The trucks arrived in quick succession, eventually tapering off at six.  He retrieved the detonator from a pocket and waited. “Just a little closer.”
	Travis stepped out to overlook the damage. “Why?” He asked. “This makes no sense.”
	“What’s wrong?” Austin asked from the driver’s seat of the last truck to arrive.
	Travis signaled for Austin to shut the car off and walk with him.  The rolling flames made some sound, but they wouldn’t cover up the helicopter in another few steps away.  The two stayed well clear of Jacob’s trap in the adjoining house. “They wouldn’t just randomly blow up a house.  They’re trying to make us look the other way.” He could hear the chopping winds in the distance. “Son of a bitch,” he started jogging toward the sounds. “If I didn’t know any better, that sounds like a Blackhawk.”
	The sounds were clear now more than ever to Jacob. “Damn it,” He pressed the button and shielded his eyes for the next moment.  Travis and Austin were knocked off their feet.  A half dozen were seriously injured by the blast, but nobody was killed.  If anything, everyone was pissed off.
	Travis spun on his heels to see the carnage.  He growled and turned to chase the sounds of the helicopter.  But he was frozen when his eyes caught a piece of forest that didn’t match the yard.  Jacob, frozen in a stare with a nemesis he never knew.  But it was a stare he needed to make.  Jacob knew everything he needed to know about Travis’ character by a three second look in the eye.  Travis tilted his head awkwardly.  His eyes thinned.  As soon as he reached for his revolver, the ghillie was gone.
	Travis glanced at Austin, “Your weapon, now!”
	Austin also spotted the anomaly.  He wasn’t one to question, and knew Travis was the one who always led the charge.  He tossed the Colonel his fully loaded and pumped SPAS-12 shotgun.  Travis was sprinting down the roadway with the gun in hand trying to chase down the man who attacked his people.
	Jacob sprinted out the other side of the backyard.  He felt a brush alongside the back when a deafening blast echoed.  A couple pellets scraped his back but nothing penetrated.  It gave Jacob just enough pain sensation to know he was alive.  Another shot rang out as he vaulted the fence onto the next road.  A pair of headlights came across the pavement, and automatic fire started to pepper the ground all around the fleeing sniper.
	Jacob saw no alternative to his path.  The car was in one way, Travis was right on his ass.  The marine grabbed his revolver and pounded two shots at the hinges of a front door he was approaching at full speed.  He squared his shoulder and pounded through the door.  His strength was enough to open the door, though he lost all momentum as he came to the floor.
	The vehicle stopped right outside the residence, where Jacob was waiting.  Sitting up, he pounded a bullet out the door.  It made impact through the car’s passenger window, strafing both occupants.  He was back on his feet before glass was shattering.  Passing by a window, another blast caught him off guard.  His view was obscured by reflecting glass bursting into the living room.  It didn’t slow him, only pressured him to keep going.
	Robert heard the exchange of gunfire.  The time was now. “Put us in the parking lot!” He screamed over the rotors.  Andrew heard and started to lift up enough to hover.  It gave Rob a momentary vantage, but he couldn’t provide any assistance to Jacob’s biggest threat. “Jake, be advised, we’re landing in the parking lot.”
	Jacob didn’t answer.  He was running to the other end of the house, as two more loads of buckshot were pounded through the thin walls of the building.  Travis was just as persistent as Jacob, now he could see it firsthand.  This wasn’t the time or place to prove who was better, though.  Jacob kicked through the back door and rushed to cross a fifty foot backyard.  Beyond the gate and a hundred feet of forestation, the helicopter was more than visible kicking up dust.
	The pellets were coming closer now that he had no cover to speak of.  Jacob anticipated the gunshots and ducked to avoid them.  One got too close for comfort, and so Jacob responded by launching three blind shots from his revolver back at the gunman while running.  He got a moment of peace, outlived far too quickly.  Jacob jumped the gate and dropped beneath a drainage ditch as the last two shells were fired.
	Jacob recognized the type of weapon being used against him and recognized its maximum load.  He jumped back to his feet when he heard the gun being reloaded.  The gunfire intensified, as two more shooters were firing machine guns on the run.  Jacob dipped into the trees at full speed.  His movements were drastic and random, the safety buffer of thick trees to watch his back.
	The pursuit would take them all the way to the end.  Travis was getting closer and closer to the fleeing chopper.  He only managed to get three shells in the shotgun before being forced to give pursuit.  He fired off his first as soon as Jacob was in the open again.  This time, he made definitive contact.  His target dropped to the ground, appearing to suffer a severe wound to the back.
	Robert looked back in shock when Jacob fell to the ground.  He paused, the flashes of memories recalling the devastating event that shaped the man he was today.  Rob wouldn’t let that happen again. “Gustavo, man the gun!” Rob put his rifle on the floor and dove out of his seat.  No matter the outcome, he wasn’t going to let Jacob die here.  And if the worst came to it, Jacob wouldn’t be dying alone.
	He had to go more than fifty feet to reach the wounded man.  Jacob was on his elbows, crawling as fast as he could.  The vest absorbed most of the impact, but one pellet caused nerve damage to his legs.  Robert lifted Jacob into a fireman’s carry and began a harrowing return.  Jacob didn’t have the will to respond or protest.  He was in a state of shock after the fall.  Robert didn’t mind Jacob not responding.  He could feel the thundering heartbeat on his shoulders.  That was all he needed to know Jacob would survive.
	Travis let off his second shot.  He had the chance to get closer, but the sight of Robert made him hesitate.  The shot was too far out of range to be of significant injury.  Left no choice, Travis started in a mad dash toward the helicopter.  He wasn’t going to let them get away if it was the last thing he did.
	The memories of war caught Travis’ ear a split second before they could have been fatal.  He dove beneath a layer of bricks surrounding the parking lot when the shrill hum of a mini-gun was replaced by explosive rounds tearing into the forest behind him.  The spray of gunfire was short-lived, only long enough to give the retreating duo time to get onboard.  By the time Travis looked back up, his eyes were feasted on the departing underbelly of the helicopter.  In rage, Travis aimed the shotgun up and fired his last shot.
	The Colonel growled, but soon saw the silver lining.  Robert did come back, and it was to catch a glimpse of Travis’ army.  This wasn’t over. “I’ll be seeing you soon, Bobby.”
	Robert breathed a deep sigh of relief when he saw.  The damage wasn’t too bad.  Jacob may have been paralyzed by his injuries, but he was still breathing.  That was all that mattered to Robert.  He wasn’t one to let a repeat in history happen unaltered.  Jacob took a deep breath, lying on his back strapped into a gurney for the flight. “Why’d you come get me?”
	Robert chuckled, “I’d never leave a brother behind.”
	“I’m not your brother.”
	“Yeah,” Rob tapped his hand, “You’re more like a father.  And I let a father figure die just like you could have tonight.”
	“McGill?” Jacob asked.
	Robert nodded, “Yep…Lexie’s dad.”
	Jacob was surprised to hear this confession. “How did that happen?”
	“Your guess is as good as mine.” Robert leaned down and slapped Jacob’s left foot. “Did you feel that?”
	“I felt some of it.” Jacob replied positively. “I’ll live to walk again, Bobby, don’t get your hopes up.”
	Rob leaned back in his seat.  They’d done what they had hoped.  Infiltrated the outpost, discovered the enemy from inside, and made it out to report to everyone else.  But reporting this little trip into Arizona was going to be hard to explain.  And one of them returning shot in the back, neither were sure it would promote the idea of returning to the outpost.
	Robert didn’t dwell on it, instead taking the free time to stare out at the changing scenery over hundreds of miles.  His eyes soon fell to a light sleep.  Jacob, on the stretcher, passed out with much more ease.  Gustavo and Andrew stayed vigilant throughout the journey home.  Everything beneath them was a variable.  They couldn’t afford to let their guard down for one second.  For in that one second, everything could go to hell.

Day 727
Fears and Doubts

	Only a select few people were told of the operation in Arizona.  But the return of that midmorning shed light to everyone.  Robert and Jacob were treated for superficial injuries, mostly scratches and bruises caused from running in the forest.  Jacob did need to have surgery done on a bullet caught in his lower leg.  More than concerned, it made most of them angry.
	Robert and Jacob were in the center of an argument, trying to justify why they went in.  Most of the heat was coming from Walter, though Tom Rayburn also thought he needed his input delivered.  Walter clenched his teeth. “Why would you risk going back?”
	Jacob growled. “We’ve got better weapons, better technology…and more men.”
	“More men?” Tom’s brow jumped. “I already fought one war for you, Jacob--”
	“With me, not for me.” Jacob cut him off.
	“Why would any of my marines risk their lives now?  We’ve got a good life here.”
	Robert shook his head. “We put down a fraction of San Clemente’s numbers.  I can see them hitting us again sooner or later.  I’m done putting our people at risk when we’re this close to the enemy.”
	“So you go to fight another?” Walter asked.
	“Travis’ regime is failing under his leadership,” Robert surmised by the collection of bodies stacked in the unused storage rooms of the outpost. “We can take the outpost back.”
	Chad peeked into the room. “The outpost?”
	“Our friends decided to fly back to Arizona and check out their old home.”
	Chad was offended. “You didn’t invite me?”
	Robert shrugged. “We were risking enough parachuting the two of us in.  When we were discovered, they chased us all the way back to the chopper.  Truthfully we were lucky to get out.”
	Jacob smirked, “It’s not luck, you’ve got a guardian angel.”
	“Even so,” Walter cut in, “we’re out of ammo.  We couldn’t fight another war if we wanted to.”
	“Unless,” Jacob brushed his scalp, “we were to make another trip.  To Fort Carson.”
	“Fort Carson?” Rayburn asked. “That’s pushing the limits of our only chopper.  And why would you go there, the forces have bases closer than that.”
	“Familiar faces,” Jacob shrugged. “Save us from getting shot right off the bat.”
	Walter shook his head in frustration. “What was the real reason you went back?” His question was directed at Robert. “You say it was to see if we could win a fight.  But I know better.”
	Jacob raised a hand, “Hold on, Walt.”
	“I can’t,” Walter replied. “I know why you want to go back there.  To kill somebody.”
	Robert’s eyes thinned out of rage. “You want my honest answer: yes.” He nodded. “I do want to kill him.  That’s about the only thing keeping me going now.”
	“What about Derek and Sandra?”
	“They can take care of themselves,” Robert replied. “Derek surprised us all coming out of that hell in one piece.”
	Walter scoffed. “You see?” He asked Tom. “Nothing drives a man quite like revenge.  What would it serve, though?  You told me yourself, revenge is never the answer.”
	“I’ve dug my own grave,” Robert replied. “And I was wrong.  Nicole needs me to do this.”
	“What do you mean, ‘needs you?’ She’s dead, Robert.  And nothing you do will ever change that.”
	Robert’s fuel reached the breaking point.  He dashed across the five yard gap, his hand gripping and squeezing Walter by the neck.  Rob crushed him against the far wall, his hand white from the tight grip around Walt’s neck.  The others were put off to see such a sight.  Jacob had a hand on Robert’s shoulder. “Bobby, calm down!”
	Robert looked into Walt’s eyes with disdain. “I know she’s gone and that I can’t change it.  But this is something I have to do.  He’s spilt the blood of my people.  He murdered my friends, my wife, and my unborn child.  Would you be able to walk away from a monster like that?”
	Chad outstretched an arm to grasp Robert’s forearm.  Robert loosened his grip and freed Walter without a fight.  The other was shocked to see how aggressively Robert reacted.  The only one left out of the loop, Tom was curious to know. “Who is this person, Robert?”
	“Colonel Travis Greer, ex-Army.  I’m the reason he was discharged from the military.  He’s had it out for me ever since.  His orders killed Nicole and the baby she was carrying.”
	Chad stepped in, “Right after we met, we chose to stay and fight with the outpost.  Five of our soldiers died in the assault.” He looked at Walter. “You may not be looking for a fight, but I want to kill the bastards who murdered my men.”
	Walter rolled his eyes and left the room.  Getting in an argument where Robert and Jacob took the same side, he could never win.  And one of his soldiers was joining their side of the debate.  Rayburn shook his head. “You’ve caught me in a crossroads, Jacob.  I’ll have to sleep on it.  I’m partial to keeping my soldiers alive.  If I agree, you’d better have a solid plan to come out on top.”
	“We’ve got a slight problem,” Chad opened up. “The Mobile Bay can’t get any further inland.  If we go in, there won’t be any artillery support like San Clemente.  All we’ll have for an advantage is aerial supremacy.”
	“The perimeter up to a mile out is guarded by roving sentries and flare trip-wires.  Inside, it’s not much different.” Jacob laid out a printed version of the images he recovered.  The southeast didn’t appear very important to them.” The four discussed their ideas back and forth for the next hour or so.  Already a new rumor was spreading, that people were going to Fort Carson.
	Lexie and Farad jogged into the room as soon as they heard from Walter.  They were both enthusiastic to make their wishes known. “Sir,” Lexie spoke up, “Farad and I are requesting to join the Fort Carson trip.”
	Jacob nodded. “I can’t turn down that request, Gibbs.”
	Robert spoke under his breath, “McGill.” After all this time, he remained reticent that Lexie and his former commanding officer were daughter and father.  He felt the added pressure to look after her.  That was part of the reason he didn’t want to have a relationship with her, as she was more like a sister than a lover to him.
	“When are we going?” Lexie shook off Robert’s comment which, despite his intentions, she picked up.
	“About a week or two.  We’ll need to be prepared if the worst has happened.”
	“What do you mean?”
	“It’s anyone’s guess what that place looks like now.  Anything could have run across it, living or dead.”
	“That’d be the worst,” Robert included. “I’m hoping for a few more volunteers.”
	Jacob outstretched an arm. “Don’t dwell on what Walt said.  You said you need to do this…well, so do I.”
	Derek thrashed in a deep sleep left by the anesthetic.  In his dream, the world was collapsing around him.  He was holding his SIG Sauer, in the same forest he and Robert came to understand by trekking weekly.  In the distance, an aura of gold caught his eyes.  He focused his hearing, where a vicious moan collected in his ears.  Derek raised the pistol and fired a single shot.  The distance was well over a quarter mile, but his fantasy made a perfect headshot regardless of the distance.
	Behind him, he spotted another three.  To his right, five more.  Surrounded in the blink of an eye.  Persistent as he was, Derek approached the smaller grouping and let off three coordinated shots.  His body swung on axis and delivered five more.  Every foe off the map just like that.  Derek slipped the magazine loose to see three bullets unused.  To be sure, he reached for a backup magazine.  But there was none to be found.  All around, the nine undead he originally faced multiplied to thirty.
	Derek drew his knife in one hand while his other focused on the nearest to him.  There was no fighting this.  And he was long out of radio contact with anyone.  To be alone.  This was his hell in mortality, and all it required was fatigue and sensory deprivation to send him back here nightly.  Derek fired off his last three bullets and sprinted for the hole he opened.  As he stepped closer and closer, the zombies seemed to understand his motives.  The gap was closing.  Derek dove through at the last second.
	Rising from the grass and shrubs, he turned to find every undead walker gone from its place.  Nowhere to be seen, in fact.  He rose to level footing on something no longer a forest floor, but black asphalt.  Ahead a few feet his memory record was playing through another nightmare.  Derek approached from behind, witness to a scene he never had time to stop.
	The gunshot went off, echoing loudly through the forest.  In response, twelve bullets were fired in rage and sorrow.  And when the shooting stopped, all that were left to be heard were cries.  Derek closed his eyes, hoping to be rid of this memory before Nicole’s dying voice could be heard.
	Opening his eyes again, the last and most demoralizing memory of his life.  The setting once again different, now early morning.  The smell of rain through open windows.  A scent more historical to the day was gunpowder.  Derek walked through the common restroom where a dozen people had taken shelter.  His eyes stopped on one, a middle-aged woman with strawberry hair and emerald eyes.
	A series of projectiles spit through the restroom from one end to the other.  Eleven people dropped to prone or dove behind thicker cover in that instant, a young man even wrapping his arms around a pregnant girlfriend.  But one bore a face of shock and silence.  Derek’s lip quivered when he saw the trail of blood running down her chest and staining her clothes.  She fell forward, laying on the ground as a pool of blood filled beneath her.
	Zack screamed for help, but the noises were deaf to Derek’s ears.  Seeing it was enough without hearing it.  The last thing he wanted to hear were Kate’s labored breaths precluding her death.  Another familiar face of Dan dropped beside the body to perform any medical procedure he could.  But there was nothing he could do for an injury of this caliber in a place like this.  Dan put a hand over his eyes and looked away.
	Derek tried to do the same but couldn’t.  This was the woman he promised to spend his life with.  And when it mattered most, he wasn’t there for her.  Even though there was no possible way the blame was his, he didn’t want anyone else to take it. “I should have been there for her.” Katie reached her hand out to hold Savannah’s.  Her eyes leaned back into her head, and she went cold.
	Derek clamped his eyes shut, trying to find any way possible to escape this dream.  By now, he knew it to be his imagination.  But these memories were like a prison and impossible to escape.  His eyes opened again, this time the same medical bay where he’d been staying for some time.  Laying down on the nearest bed, Sandra was fast asleep.  Derek put hands over his eyes, glad to be free.
	“I’m sorry to keep putting you through that.” Derek swung his head around, looking for the voice.  It wasn’t Sandra, or anyone else nearby.  That voice was far from alive.
	“Nikki?” Derek asked.
	Sitting on the opposite side, Nicole’s apparition became clear. “It’s good to see you, Derek.”
	Derek saw her figure for all it was worth.  Her face smiled, and there seemed to be a glow around her silhouette.  Her belly was thin and toned, similar to before her pregnancy. “I wish I could say the same.”
	Derek looked away, and Nicole bit her lip. “I didn’t want things to happen like they did.  I didn’t have a choice.”
	“You were wrong.  I didn’t die like you said I would.”
	“I wasn’t wrong,” Nicole tilted her head. “You did die.  But of all the people I never expected to do it, you came back.”
	“Bobby and I have a lot in common.”
	Nikki smirked. “I don’t want to be a bother.  But I have a message coming here.”
	“Go tell Bobby.”
	“This isn’t for Bobby, this is for you.  Because when they go back to the outpost, and they will go back, many will fall.  Robert may not have the will to survive after he’s done what he must.  I need you to look after him.”
	“What he must?  What are you?  You don’t seem anything like the Nicole I remember.”
	“The Nicole you remember was alive.  Death changes people.” Derek was lost on any retort. “I’ve seen enough death, for people who didn’t deserve it.  Even after you left Arizona, you were hunted.  The fear of being hunted only dies when you embrace the adrenaline of becoming the hunter.”
	“I’ve retired my weapons.”
	“You say that now.  But I know, as soon as you see Travis again, you’ll be begging to put a bullet in him.”
	Derek sent her a foul look. “I went to hell, Nikki.  I’ve committed crimes I can’t be forgiven for.  That’s why I can’t do this anymore.  I want to make amends while I still have time.”
	“You want to know why you went to hell?” Nicole rose to her feet. “It’s because you’re weak.  Always blaming yourself for others’ actions, always seeing the negative in every situation, always trying to justify death.  Your own conscience sent you to that place.”
	“I’m done doing that.”
	Nicole shook her head, “I can eavesdrop on your imagination and even throw in a few touches.  You’re still doing it today.”
	Derek shook his head, “Nikki, please just leave me.”
	She set her palm on his cheek. “Katherine’s fine.  She doesn’t blame you.  She still loves you.”
	Derek looked back to reply, but the apparition was gone.  Derek rolled over in his bed and tried to shut his eyes.  But every time his eyelids closed, he envisioned the dreams.  He let out a deep breath as silence encompassed his ears.

Day 739
Fort Carson

	Corbin flooded the radio as the aircraft dropped beneath a veil of clouds. “Five minutes to touchdown, over.”
	Manning the radio aboard the Mobile Bay, Ben acknowledged. “Glad you made it, Captain.”
	“We’re going to need to refuel when we land.  The bird’s running on fumes.”
	“Captain,” Luke keyed up, “there’s an air strip in Carson.”
	“Copy that.” The veil opened to a lush, greed landscape.  The mountains of Colorado were a spectacle to behold.  Few places were as beautiful as this so long after civilization died out.  But something didn’t add up as the chopper descended below ten thousand feet. “Where’s the headquarters, Walsh?”
	Luke tried to spot it from the human eye at this altitude.  Everything looked vastly different from the air than it did from the ground.  But the area of operations should have only taken a moment to spot.  Strangely enough, the grounds didn’t look anywhere near the same.
	Jacob scanned the region through his rifle scope. “I see it.” The fencing was torn to the ground and reflections of bullet casings shimmered on the pavement.  He spotted a person in uniform.  His walk wasn’t human. “Shit.”
	“What’s going on?” Corbin asked.
	“Fort Carson’s been overrun.  I see walkers inside the perimeter.”
	“Damn it,” Andrew replied. “Falcon to San Diego, it appears Fort Carson has been overrun.”
	Ben and the others on the bridge shivered from the report. “What are you going to do?”
	“We don’t have a choice,” Jacob replied. “We’re touching down one way or another.” Lexie and Farad stared down at the remains in disdain.  As the helicopter dropped closer to the terrain, they could see the wasteland for what it was.  Hundreds of bodies lay strewn about, leading to a dozen or so uniformed corpses who opted out of infection.
	Jacob shoved a bullet in the chamber. “Listen up,” he yelled over the roaring blades. “We’ve passed the point of no return!  So we’re going in to load up as many munitions as we can carry!  Corbin!”
	“Yeah!”
	“Land at the air base and fuel the bird!  The rest of us are going to the base via ground transport!  Once you’re gassed up, land in the perimeter!  Understood?”
	Both Andrew and Gustavo gave each other a worried glance.  But neither refused, and replied “Hoo-ah!”
	Jacob unclipped his radio, “San Diego, this is Jacob.  We’re going ahead with the plan.”
	“Good luck down there.”
	Jake checked his revolver. “Everyone be advised, the area is hot!  We’ll only have a few minutes to get in and out!  No mistakes!”
	Lexie looked at Farad worriedly.  But Farad returned her one of hate and vengeance.  As of now, the three of them were all that remained of Fort Carson.  Luke clenched his teeth.  He couldn’t hope his father survived such a massacre.  Irving would never retreat.  He’d stand his ground and fight to the last bullet.
	The Seahawk hovered over the helipad.  The airport was mostly devoid of activity, save a few undead walking toward the shrill rotors.  Jake was the first out a few feet off the deck.  Immediately, a gunshot fired from his sniper. “Luke!” He yelled while changing targets. “Get that truck running!” Walsh reacted instantly, sprinting the few meters to an abandoned flatbed.  Jake continued to fire, removing three other zombies from the airfield with ease.
	As soon as it touched down, Andrew was out of the helicopter and latching a fuel hose to the gas tank.  The gunshots finished, giving the pilot a chance to speak. “Jake, what happens if the zombies come after us?”
	“You’d better pray you’re airborne before that happens, otherwise we’re all fucked.”
	Gustavo gulped. “I hate being the MVP.”
	Andrew threw him a Beretta. “Nobody’s asking you to, just be valuable enough.” The airfield looked clear of more undead threats.  If nothing else, they had a few minutes.
	Luke turned over the truck engine via a set of keys on the dashboard.  Jacob took up the flatbed, as did Luke.  The latter sent Jake a fearful glance. “You think we can pull this off?”
	“It’s my job to be an optimist, Walsh.  I’m not here to count the odds.” Indirect answer, typical jarhead.
	Lexie jumped into the driver’s seat.  Keys turned in the ignition, a tank measuring more than a quarter of fuel.  The base was only a half mile away from here, so at least one factor of the journey was covered.  Farad took up the passenger seat. “I hope you know how to drive.”
	Lexie tore the gear out of park and gunned the gas.  Her heading led them head on toward the gate. “Why?”
	Farad clutched his seat as the steel bars loomed closer. “We’re going to have a lot of roadblocks on this route.  A lot more than you’re used to.” The bumper slammed against the gate.  At such a speed, the truck only lost a fraction of momentum breaking out of the airfield.  In another second, it was speeding down rural streets.
	Jacob and Luke had their work cut out.  At speeds of plus fifty, they were required to remove a number of zombies on the road ahead.  Cars were stopped throughout, forcing Lexie to drive evasively and erratically.  Both standing in the flatbed had to shift their body weight in anticipation of every coming turn.
	A body fell to the ground by Jacob’s fire, but landed in a position that took up most of the only gap in the road.  Lexie put her foot down. “Brace!” she screamed moments before the threshold.  The truck jerked viciously upon running over the body.  It wasn’t good to force a truck’s suspension at such a rate of speed.  Fortunately the obstacle wasn’t so solid due to rotting flesh and decrepit bone.  All four tires found the asphalt without little more than a nudge and pushed on without relent.
	The chaos of the drive couldn’t be compared to the eerie silence of the air base.  Andrew kept a close eye on the fuel reserve and felt it necessary to check the aircraft’s instruments while waiting.  Outside, Gustavo had his head on a swivel.  His eyes suddenly crossed with a pair of gold irises.  The monster released a horrifying guttural moan before unsteadily trotting toward Gustavo.
	“Andrew!” Gustavo said loudly.
	Corbin spun his head around, “What?”
	“We’ve got company!”
	Corbin spotted the zombie. “Well, kill him.”
	To ensure accuracy, Gustavo took the pistol in both hands and walked to within five feet before pulling the trigger.  The zombie fell to the floor with a shattered skull.  But where one zombie was removed from their opposition, another four had appeared from surrounding structures. “Captain, how much longer?”
	“Maybe five minutes,” Andrew guessed. “Why?”
	“Could you make it four?” Gustavo raised his gun to aim down the sights. “I have a feeling we won’t be here in five.” In another moment, the four zombies had multiplied from four to double digits.
	Lexie trampled the vehicle over collapsed fencing.  As the truck mounted, all four tires exploded from a moment’s contact with razor wire.  Jake and Luke jumped out first.  It took little effort to clamber over chain-link and a few bodies latched to the concertina mesh.  Lexie and Farad followed close behind.  All moved forward on foot at a steady run with guns raised.  En route, they collectively put down a half dozen walkers.
	Jacob slowed and switched to his revolver as the squad neared the armory. “You know the drill.  If you see someone you might have known, remember that person is gone.” Everyone could see and hear it clear as day.  Jacob was just as scared as the rest of them.  He hesitated to kick open the door.  Jacob swung up a flashlight, crossed it under his loaded arm, and led the charge.  Though the armory’s ceiling let in some natural light, the darkness was nothing to be taken lightly in such a situation.  Jacob swiveled and fired a precise gunshot at a zombie less than a meter away. “Move up,” he ordered sternly.
	Lexie was second in, “We’ve got enough guns, focus on ammo.”
	“Specific caliber?” Luke asked.
	“The marines still have M16s.  We’ll need 5.56, 6.8, and 7.62 rounds.” 5.56mm bullets were growing to be a thing of the past.  The armed forces were starting to convert from classic M16 carbines to AR-15 models, preferring stopping power over tradition.  But the human race became an endangered species before that conversion could entirely win over the military.  7.62 rounds were common in light machineguns and sniper rifles.  Jacob’s M200 was very specific to .375 and .408 calibers uniquely designed for sharpshooters of his kind.  Those were exponentially harder to come by these days.
	Luke traveled furthest into the room, checking for signs of life.  He stumbled over a few corpses reaching the far rack.  Walsh froze when his eyes came across another zombie.  A man in uniform, his rank of Captain shimmering even in the low light.  Eyes gleamed yelled and stains of crimson ran down his jaw.  Luke stammered as all his worst fears came to light. “Dad?”
	The monster dizzily approached with arms outstretched.  Luke was petrified and couldn’t find the will to shoot.  Because as much as it wasn’t true, he’d still be shooting the person he’d known as his father.  A deafening ring reverberated throughout the room.  Luke watched as Captain Irving Powell slumped to the ground, an ugly carving in his temple and brain matter staining the adjacent wall.
	Jacob holstered his weapon .”You okay, Luke?” Luke couldn’t find the words to respond.  He silently picked up two ammo boxes and started for the door.  Jacob watched the agonizing sight.  There would be time for consolation later.  The major started for the door with his own stock of ammo.  Behind him, the far door swung open and zombies flooded the entryway. “Double time!” Jake yelled, sprinting for the door in which they entered.  Didn’t take long for them to find themselves on the verge of being overwhelmed.
	The Seahawk was undergoing similar circumstances.  Gustavo had perfected his accuracy and successfully removed twelve targets with twelve bullets.  But the zombies were only building.  There could have been upwards of fifty marching toward them.  Gustavo reloaded the pistol and glanced back at Andrew. “Are we ready yet?”
	“Thirty seconds!” Andrew yelled back.  He took up an MP5K from the cabin and started to fight off zombies approaching from the opposite side of the helicopter.  The range was perhaps twenty feet, and they’d have to keep their fire up if it would stay such a distance.  The seconds never ticked by slower as this.  The anticipation alone was killing them.  Finally, the hose automatically shut off. “We’re good!”
	“Spin her up!” Gustavo replied.  He continued to fire, centering his attention on the closest zombies first.  After his second clip dried up, he pulled down the sleeves of his shirt to cover his forearms.  One more assurance to avoid infection.
	Andrew quickly tore off the fuel pump and ignited the turbines. “Jacob, we’re on our way.”
	“We’ve cleared an LZ,” Jacob replied. “Hurry up, we’re about to be overrun.”
	“Goes without saying,” Gustavo said to himself.  The rotors were picking up speed and the wind was blowing against the fabric of his shirt and jeans.  Gustavo took a seat in the fuselage but kept his weapon aimed.  The gap narrowed to five feet in the few moments that Gustavo stopped to reload.  Before the blades had strength to lift off, a zombie was reaching into the cabin.
	Gustavo spun around and let off one more shot before butterflies lurched in his stomach.  The hellish surroundings were replaced by calm and nothingness.  The co-pilot released a sigh of relief. “Don’t relax yet, Gustavo.  We’ve still got to pick them up.” The helicopter tilted forward, heading straight for another window of hell that was closing fast.
	Jacob and Lexie returned inside for the next of perhaps five trips.  Zombies were flooding the armory’s interior, and stood for only ten feet of space.  It was a gamble going back in now, but Jacob didn’t count odds.  He clutched two more drums of ammunition and followed Lexie back out.  Outside, the matter wasn’t much better.  On both sides, swarms of undead were now filtering over the toppled fencing.  Farad and Luke did their best to keep them at bay, but they couldn’t get it off their mind.  Time was running out.
	Lexie dragged the ammo as close as she could to the clearing where the helicopter was set to land.  She dropped a red smoke marker indicating where the pilots were to land.  Then, she joined the fight, holding off zombies numbering upwards of a hundred.  The armory door swung open from twenty feet away.
	“Hurry the hell up, Corbin!  We’re out of time!” Jacob spotted the chopper in the air, approaching at full speed.
	The pilot tilted his stick to rapidly slow the rate of speed.  In a hover over the landing zone, he dropped out of the sky at an unsafe rate.  Gustavo felt the weightlessness.  At the last moment, Corbin gassed the turbines to slow the fall.  The helicopter bumped on the ground lightly.
	Luke and Lexie were throwing ammunition onboard the craft as fast as they could.  This didn’t help the resistance holding back zombies.  Jacob and Farad stuck back to keep a safety buffer.  A hundred pounds of ammunition took only a few moments for three people to load and stow.  But they were still going too slow.
	Lexie spun around. “We’re leaving!”
	Jacob tapped Farad on the shoulder before running a full sprint back to the helicopter.  He didn’t notice until now.  The swarm was surrounding them rather than the helicopter.  With four shots left in his revolver, he focused only on the few bodies directly obstructing their path from the chopper.  Farad was close behind, and kept a keen eye on their back.
	A dead hand ensnared Farad’s left arm.  He spun around and forced the butt of his rifle into the zombie’s nose.  It wasn’t sufficient force to kill the beast, but enough to remove the creature from him.  Farad sprinted through the narrowing gap.  Jacob and Farad dove onboard.  The helicopter was surrounded on all sides, only a second from being overrun. “Go!” Jacob screamed at the top of his lungs.
	The aircraft ascended above the flood.  A few hands clutched the floorboards of the helicopter, but her occupants kicked them off without any trouble.  Jacob breathed a sigh of relief.  That happened to be one of the scarier moments of his life, but he’d made it out without a scratch.  He plucked a cigarette from his vest and sparked it with a torch lighter.
	“Mobile Bay,” Jacob collected the radio. “We’re out.  We collected as much ammo as we could.”
	“Any casualties?”
	“No.  We’re all onboard.”
	Luke was the first to recognize the actual victory.  He laughed out loud, clapping his hands in joy. “Do I get one of those victory cigars, Major?”
	Lexie and Farad joined in the celebration, enjoying the fact that they’d made it out without injury and somewhat accomplished their objective.  Jacob leaned into the cockpit, “Good job, guys.”
	“We cut it close, but we should have enough fuel to get back to San Diego.  If not, we can always make a three minute pit-stop in Phoenix.”
	Lexie beamed, staring down at the terrain while the chopper gained altitude.  She wiped her head of the sweat, and turned to see Farad again.  Her pleased face turned to confusion in the next.  Farad was looking at a fresh trail of blood running down the palm of his hand.  He looked back at her in shock.
	“What happened?” She asked.
	Farad twisted his arm to see where the injury began.  Maybe it was little more than a scrape with something sharp back at the base.  The endeavor was hectic to the last moment, so the adrenaline rush wiped away pain sensation.  His left sleeve had a narrow rip down the forearm.  Farad tore it off, where eyes laid upon a fresh cut.  His mind flashed back to that moment.  A short scrap with a zombie.  All one needed to cause an infection.
	Luke spotted the cut. “Farad?  Are you okay?”
	Jacob heard the exchange and looked back.  He could see the blood running down the soldier’s arm.  But he couldn’t find the words to speak.  The enthusiasm surviving replaced by the sheer silence of the unknown.
	Farad closed his eyes and pressed a hand over his face.  He could already feel the infection making him sick.  A nauseous headache, trembling extremities.  It was only a matter of time until he was one of them.
	Lexie gulped. “Farad.  Say something.”
	He removed his hand to look at her.  With a shake of his head, “I’m sorry.” In an instant, he reached for his sidearm.
	Lexie screamed, “No!” But it was too late.  Farad made up his mind.  He wouldn’t suffer a death like that, and he wouldn’t let the rest of them suffer watching him die.  The barrel planted in his chin and a single bullet brought his life to end.  Lexie watched the suicide as it happened, without having the time to stop it.  Her lip quivered and her eyes filled with water.
	Farad’s body fell from the helicopter to the ground more than a mile below.  Corbin and Gustavo glanced back trying to see the cause of the gunshot. “What the hell happened?”
	Jacob and Luke were also witness to the suicide.  Luke was more in shock than anything.  He wasn’t a good friend of Farad, rather an acquaintance.  So the remorse he felt was little if any.  If nothing else, he was grateful that Farad would go to such lengths to keep the rest of them safe.  But witnessing a suicide as it happened from only a few feet away left a scar in his mind.  Jacob looked back at the pilots. “Farad just killed himself.”
	Lexie started to cry silently, covering her face with her hands.  She and Farad were siblings in this post-apocalyptic life.  They’d been together for so long only for it come to an end in the blink of an eye.  Jacob took a seat beside and wrapped his arms around her.  She needed comfort to get over this burden.
	Luke collected the radio, being the only one who could report the incident with full knowledge. “San Diego, this is Luke.  We have a casualty.”
	“Who?” Robert took up the radio.
	Luke paused. “It was Farad.  A zombie scratched him while we were down there.  He took his own life.”
	“Is everyone okay?”
	Luke didn’t know how to respond.  His message transferred similarly. “We’ll get back to you.”

Day 740
Dedications and Dreams

	The next day passed in an eerie silence.  All the work they put in going to Colorado.  In the end, it was all for a handful of ammo and cost another life.  Farad’s body wasn’t recovered and no pictures lingered to show everyone.  He was gone, just like that.  The detail who went on the journey didn’t have the will to speak.  Farad was dedicated to his mission, to protect the innocent from the undead at any cost…including his own life.
	Lexie laid in a bunk, tunnel vision staring through an open window.  Through the screen, rays of sunlight and a vast blue.  Maybe that’s where Farad was.  She didn’t want to think about anything right now.  Farad was by her side for the longest time.  In one return trip to people she considered her family, she now knew herself to be one of two survivors.  She felt like a lone wolf.
	Outside, Jacob offered his condolences in a makeshift memorial for Farad.  Most of the outpost approached it, save for those who couldn’t bear to say goodbye to another.  Lexie’s hearing faded out from Jake’s sermon before he was two words deep.  She laid there silently, trying to shut everything out and hoping it was all a dream.
	Derek and Sandra were able to hear a few words.  There was little talking going on with the news of Farad’s death.  Derek was stretching his legs at the time, and in the middle of a conversation with Scott. “When can I buy that clean bill of health, Scotty?”
	“Your physically set to go.”
	“So, can I get out of the nurse’s office?”
	“I can’t say you’re healthy, because mentally you’re not.”
	Derek tilted his head. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
	Sandra massaged her father’s palm, “We thought the nightmares would have stopped by now.  Every time you sleep, you’re thrashing in bed, screaming at the things you see.”
	Derek clicked his teeth, “Like I said, what does that mean?”
	“Who’s to say these nightmares could cross over.  Hallucinations, sleep dep.  You could have a nervous breakdown if it gets worse.”
	“They won’t get worse.” Derek twisted out of the bed.  His feet touched the cold tile, and a hand pressed his shoulder.
	“How can you be sure?” Sandra asked.
	“I’ve got someone looking out for me.” He looked into her eyes. “I was on the brink of death when you came out of nowhere.  You’re an angel.”
	Sandra smiled. “I can only look after you for so long.”
	“I know,” Derek rose to a stand. “As a father, it’s my job to look after you.  You’re stealing my job.”
	Scott shrugged. “You don’t have any physical limitations besides a few broken bones.  If you think you can battle these demons in your head, there’s nothing I can do to stop you.”
	Sandra and Derek walked out of the medical bay together hand in hand.  Derek hadn’t walked into daylight in weeks.  Only over the last few days did he feel the strength to move forward.  Sandra opened the door, and Derek took his first step into the sun.  It was blinding, warm, and beautiful.  Derek inhaled a breath of fresh air.  The air indoors tasted toxic when compared to this.  A smile drew over Derek’s face.
	Sandra glanced across the way to the memorial service being held. “How well did you know Farad?”
	Derek bit his lip as a somber reminder latched to his memories. “I met him in Colorado when we were looking for weapons.  He was one of the few brave enough to return with us.  We owe him our lives.”
	“I couldn’t imagine turning a gun on myself.”
	“Strange what people do when they know they’re going to die.”
	Sandra bit her lip, “Was he faithful?”
	“Yeah,” Derek nodded. “He believed in something.  I hope he’s better off now.”
	“Do you still believe in something?”
	Derek looked out at the ocean’s horizon. “A little while back, I was visited by someone.  Someone who wasn’t alive.”
	“You sure you’re eyes weren’t playing tricks on you?”
	“Yes.  Robert’s seen her, too.  She’s real.”
	“You didn’t answer me.”
	“I do believe in something.  But I wonder if believing is enough.  Because people are still dying.  My only reservation is that most of them have made peace with their god.”
	Chad walked down a darkened hallway alone.  He was in a bit of shock hearing that someone else was dead.  But then again, who wasn’t?  It’d been weeks since their last confrontation with an enemy force.  In the silence of peace, many thought the dying would stop.  But the undead were a constant.  And in a world of zombies, the only true constant was death.
	Chad knocked on the door to Lexie’s room.  No answer came through the threshold. “Lex?  You alright?” She didn’t answer.  Perhaps she’d gone to sleep.  It was one way to stop the anguish.  But sleep didn’t bring the pain of loss to an end, it only suspended the agony.  Chad knocked again, “Lexie?” He twisted the knob, careful as he took his first steps into her quarters.  Lexie laid on her bed.  She wore the same uniform since Fort Carson.  Her cheeks were still stained with spatters of Farad’s blood.  She didn’t look away from the window. “Lexie, can you hear me?”
	Lexie nodded her head slowly. “Yeah.”
	“Are you doing okay?”
	“Do I look that pitiful?”
	Chad laid down next to her in bed. “Don’t beat yourself up.  There’s nothing you could have done.”
	“I know.”
	“You can’t hide yourself away.”
	“Fort Carson is gone.  My home is gone.  My whole family is dead.”
	Chad put a hand on her arm. “Not your whole family.  You’ve still got us.”
	“I’ve never felt so alone.”
	“You don’t have to feel alone.  Not when I’m here.”
	Lexie turned to look at him. “You’re still trying to get in my pants?”
	Chad shook his head. “I thought you would know me better by now.”
	Lexie sighed. “I’m sorry.  I’m just trying to get through today.”
	“Nobody said you had to do it by yourself.” He scooted in closer. “I’m here when you need me.”
	Lexie smirked, “I need you.”
	“That was quick,” Chad joked.
	“I’m done trying for Robert.”
	“Yeah, I was wondering if you’d ever give up.”
	Lexie shook her head. “I shouldn’t have forced him.  He’s already been through so much.  And I’m practically family.”
	“We’re all family.”
	Lexie looked away. “Bobby and I are more connected than you think.  My dad used to be Robert’s CO.  Bobby said George was like a father to him.”
	“You never talk about your dad.”
	“I can’t remember him anymore.  I joined the Army because of him, but in the end all he did was get himself killed.”
	“How?”
	“He saved Robert.”
	Chad clicked his teeth. “That’s…interesting.”
	Robert approached the quarters Derek had taken aboard the Mobile Bay.  He stepped in to see the latter fixing his bed and stowing his things.  Derek pulled out a photograph from his satchel. “Did I ever tell you why I fell into the ocean?”
	“I assumed you didn’t have a reason and it was fate.” Robert folded his arms.
	“When we were on the rig, I was following you up the stairs.  But something stopped me short.  In front of me, I saw an angel standing there.  Katie.  She was so beautiful.  I was holding that image in my head the whole time I was underwater, thinking I might drown.  But as soon as they found me, I lost that image.” He clenched his teeth in sorrow. “Now, all I have are some photographs.”
	“Katie’s okay now.  You’ve got to remember that.”
	Derek couldn’t hold back his inquiry, “Why do you want to go back to the outpost, Rob?”
	Robert clenched his teeth, “I need to kill him.  The only way I’ll know peace is if he’s dead.”
	“Have you dug your own grave yet?”
	Robert scoffed. “I dug my grave when they dug Nicole’s.” Derek glanced back at him in disdain. “I don’t like that I feel this way, Derek.  But this is my choice.  You don’t like it, fine.  I won’t make you.”
	“You’re going to drag us all there just to pull it off.  How many of our people are going to die from this?” Derek rose and approached Rob, “At least ten, maybe more.  You’re already down another shooter.  What’s to say the marines won’t back out when they hear what we’re going up against?”
	Robert sighed, “Did you only want to talk to question my decisions?”
	“I’m trying to keep my cousin alive.”
	“I’m the reason you got off San Clemente alive.” Rob said sternly
	“My daughter is the reason I got off San Clemente alive!” Derek snapped back, “You just happened to be there when it went down.” Robert turned and started walking.  Derek pursued him out of his quarters. “Why do you need to do this?”
	Rob stopped.  He took a moment, thinking back.  The graveyards degraded, names put to shame. “They killed my family, Derek!” Rob yelled, “And once they were dead, Travis pissed on their graves!” Robert stomped toward Derek. “Not only did he put Nicole and Lance to shame.  He went to Katie and kicked her cross out of the ground.  He went to Carl, Chris, Audrey, Alex.  Every one of us is dirt to him and nothing more.” Robert leaned in close to Derek. “I’m done running away.  If I have to, I’ll go in all by myself and cut the heart out of that snake.  Don’t make the mistake of thinking I asked you to be a part of this.  I didn’t.” Rob turned and walked away with his head held high.  He hated to tell the truth, because the truth hurt.  But he’d dealt with enough of Derek’s misery.
	Derek sighed, watching as Robert disappeared to the top deck.  A few moments later, the helicopter rotors spun up.  Derek thought about it long and hard.  As he did, Sandra stepped out of the nearby bulkhead. “That sounded rough.” Derek diverted his head away. “Are you alright?”
	“I’ll be fine.” Derek faked a smile to her.
	Sandra beamed. “I’m right across the hall if anything happens.”
	“Thank you, Sandra.  I love you.” Derek leaned over and gave her a kiss on the cheek.
	The sun crested over the ocean’s horizon, leaving a dazzling golden reflection in the water.  Robert sat in the Seahawk with the perfect vantage to gaze upon the spectacle.  He was killing himself for moments like this.  They only came so often in this post-apocalyptic land.

Day 744
Homecoming

	The longest days were spent with little to nothing to do.  Robert had enough on his mind.  All the effort he put into his mission, and it was all for nothing.  Now, he just wanted to get back home.  Onboard an international flight, Rob was already tense.  The last thing he wanted was to make it out of one pit of hell and die in a watery plane crash two weeks later.
	The intercom beeped before a flight attendant voiced, “This is the captain speaking, we’ll be landing at Tampa in thirty minutes.” Robert glanced out the window, peering at the Florida panhandle in all its beauty.  He leaned back in his seat, sure to let out a deep sigh of relief.
	“You haven’t said a word since we took off,” Staff Sergeant Doug Clayton said.
	Robert closed his eyes, “I like the silence.”
	“I tagged along because I know your mind isn’t right.  You gotta put it in your head, that George only wanted what was best for you.”
	“That bullet should have been mine.”
	“He made sure it wouldn’t.”
	Both Robert and Doug were still bearing military fatigues.  To think, twenty four hours ago he was in a dark corner of the world most people would deny existed. “Perhaps, but I would have done the same for him.”
	“So what are you going to do now?”
	Rob shrugged, “I don’t know.  I’ve got all the skills to join a police force, but I don’t want to kill anyone.  I’m tired of that life.”
	“Sharpshooter training at Benning, perhaps?”
	Robert clicked his jaw, “Maybe.” They felt their stomachs lurch as the plane began its descent.
	The concourse of Sarasota-Tampa was busy as it was every day.  There was little off to see, though security kept a wary eye.  Only the proud few carried firearms, for the purpose of protecting innocent.  It was better to stop a hijacker on the ground.  But of the few, some figures stood out.
	First, a Samoan standing upwards of six and a half feet wearing a tuxedo.  He’d made it past airport security off a forged FBI badge.  Carefully, he approached the terminal where Robert’s plane was landing. “Unit two in position.” He said after leaning behind a pillar.
	Two men dressed as police officers kept their heads high, faking a suspicious look for any threats.  Of course, wearing a uniform made you a target to the criminally inclined, so it didn’t hurt to be alert.  The first came to a halt at the entrance to the security gates. “Unit one on approach.”
	The last of their four man team was waiting at the gate to Robert’s flight. “Four in position.” Travis smirked when the report went out, realizing his plot of revenge would be swift and painful.
	Takeoff and landing were debatably the most suspenseful part of any flight.  Everything was fine in the air.  But the ground had a natural proclivity to chaos.  Tires hit the airstrip, squealing as white smoke rose.  Moments after the nose leveled out, the severe vibrations felt by everyone aboard were accompanied by a sturdy lurch forward.  The craft came to a stop, using more than half of the runway to slow.  As soon as the plane came to a stop, a dozen or so passengers applauded the pilots.
	Robert simply laid back in his seat, sure to take a deep breath.  Doug smirked, “First breath on US soil in more than a year.  How does it feel?”
	“It feels like happy hour.  I could use a drink.”
	“You read my mind,” Doug said, unbuckling his seatbelt and waiting for the plane to taxi to the terminal. “Any bars you like?”
	“Never been to one.  I enlisted before I was old enough.”
	“Don’t worry, we’ll find something.”
	Tony, the other man dressed as a Tampa police officer, clicked his jaw after the PA reported Robert’s flight had landed.  He swiveled back and forth at the gate, as he and Travis separated after getting through security.  Travis gave him a picture of Robert.  His objective was to stop Robert, forge an arrest, and take him to Travis.  But there was one warning: Robert wasn’t gullible, he knew how to watch his ass.  In other words, this wouldn’t be a simple snatch and grab.
	Robert collected his carry-on duffel bearing a change of clothes, a cell phone, and some other necessities.  Of those necessities, the one thing he didn’t have was a firearm.  After so long an enlistment, he felt naked without a weapon.  But with any luck, he wouldn’t need one back home.
	Doug tapped Rob on the shoulder. “There’s something I need to tell you.”
	“Speak your mind, Staff Sergeant.”
	Doug extended an envelope. “Once we go our separate ways, I’m going to need you to open that.”
	Rob nodded, “What’s in it?”
	“Last resort measures should Tampa be too hot.”
	“Why would Tampa be too hot?  We’re ten seconds from the equator on the panhandle, Florida’s never heard of cold.”
	“It’s Travis.” Rob snapped to attention, any sarcasm drained from his character. “You thought he went back to a normal life.  But he didn’t.  He’s been waiting for you.”
	Robert gulped. “Why didn’t you mention this earlier?”
	“I needed you to be alert.  If I were to tell you twelve hours ago, it would have slipped out of your mind.”
	“What does he want?” Robert led them to the exit, acknowledging the passengers and flight crew who praised the uniforms they wore.
	“Revenge.”
	“Why?  What did I do to him?”
	“You killed his career.  Knowing Travis, the only justice to him is murder.  Intel has confirmed he’s been learning everything he can about you, so he can find you.”
	“Well,” Robert scoffed, “that’s comforting.”
	“Don’t worry, Bobby.  I’m here as an escort, to make sure nothing happens to you.”
	“Escort?  Sounds more like a babysitter to me.”
	“Call it what you will.” Doug shrugged.  The two stepped into the terminal, both looking about for the telltale height and blonde hair of Travis.  Nothing stuck out and nobody was directly looking at them, save a cop. “I’m only here because you are.”
	“Okay.  Now I really need that drink.” Robert started for the baggage carousel, Doug only a few feet behind.
	From behind, the officer reached for his earpiece. “Target in sight.  He’s approaching luggage.”
	“Stop him at your discretion, Pete,” Travis replied. “We’ll be there in a few minutes.”
	Peter pushed himself forward, “Copy that.” He hung up the phone, and started in a jog after Robert and Doug.  They were perhaps a hundred yards from the carousel when Bobby heard an all too familiar name, “Sergeant Caldwell.”
	Rob and Doug turned around to see the officer staring back. “I’m not a Sergeant anymore, officer.”
	Doug took a step forward, “What’s this all about?”
	“My department sent me to provide an escort.”
	Doug shrugged, “He’s already got one.”
	“An official escort on US soil,” Peter reiterated.  A crowd was generating from this standoff.  Robert’s view shifted across the plateau of faces.  Among them all, there was one he spotted.  Rob’s heartbeat jumped as eyes locked onto one another.  Travis sent Robert a smirk.  This would be quick.
	Rob took a step forward, kicking the sole officer in front of him.  He backpedaled to the door, and was grateful to see Doug strafing ahead of him. “Back off, Travis,” he knew something like this was bound to come up.  The rumors told him everything.  Travis was waiting for Robert to get back, and nothing would satisfy his revenge more than death.  That was why he was babysitting. “I’m not going to let this happen.” He put his hand on the holster.
	Travis walked forth, removing his cap. “What were you expecting, Clayton?”
	“I’m not going to warn you again.  Stand down before you do something you regret!”
	Robert clenched his teeth, waiting for a shot to go off. “Staff Sergeant--”
	“Get moving, Bobby.” Doug said. “It doesn’t matter what I do, they’re still coming after you.  Look at the envelope I gave you.”
	Rob put a foot forward, but Doug threw his forearm in front of him. “Doug, you don’t have to do this.”
	“I suggest you follow his advice, Bobby,” Travis warned, “This is happening now.”
	“Go, Rob.  I’ll hold them off.” Robert didn’t need another warning.  He knew Doug was good for his word.  Travis may have been bold, but he doubted the Colonel would kill a uniformed soldier in front of dozens of witnesses at a crowded airport.  Robert shouldered an adjacent door open and sprinted through the gateway.  Moments later, the door slammed shut behind him.
	Travis glanced at one of the plainclothes mercenaries in his order. “Tony, follow him.” Tony stepped toward the door, but Doug blocked his path. “Stand down, Staff Sergeant, it’s out of your hands.”
	“I have orders to protect Sergeant Caldwell from you and your crew.  You want him, you’ll have to kill me.” His eyes wandered at the building crowd.
	Travis smirked, “How stupid do you think I am?”
	Doug shrugged. “You’re here bringing loaded guns into a crowded airport in broad daylight.  I heard you had it out for Bobby, I just didn’t realize how desperate you were until now.”
	Blackthorne drew his weapon, sticking back in the crowd to avoid detection.  He suddenly lifted it, “Federal agent, put your hands up!” He yelled.
	Doug sent him an awkward stare, “You’ve got to kidding, Brian.  You aren’t bureau material.”
	“Last warning.  Hands up.”
	Doug shook his head, “The only way you’re getting to Rob is through me.”
	Brian approached.  Doug raised balled fists, in preparation for hand combat.  Peter approached at the same time, doubling his opposition.  As if Brian wasn’t enough of a threat.  The two struck in unison.  Though Doug was able to deflect a punch from Peter, the arm strength of the massive Samoan threw his defensive forearm off with ease.  A blow to the gut was immediately followed by the butt of a pistol over his head.  Doug blacked out in that instant.
	“Get moving, Sergeant,” Travis ordered to Tony.  He could see airport security approaching. “I’ll handle them.” He approached, retrieving his badge. “Listen, this is a joint effort between FBI and Tampa police.  A federal fugitive is on the loose in this airport.  We’ve been sent here to arrest him.”
	One of the security guards nodded, “Is he a threat?”
	“He’s a trained Army sharpshooter.  Trust me, he won’t hesitate to kill anyone who stands in his path.”
	“What do you need from us?”
	“Stay out of our way.  We don’t want him to feel trapped, he might start shooting this place to hell.”
	Tony walked down a deserted and well-lit hallway.  His weapon was at the ready, aimed down the sights and swiveling on every door he passed.  A smirk drew across his face.  He knew Bobby was hiding. “This is your own fault, Sergeant.  If you didn’t stand up to Greer, we wouldn’t be in this situation.  But I should thank you.  Before you betrayed Travis I was sitting at home with a dishonorable discharge, dealing drugs and drinking my money away.  He gave me an alternative.  As soon as we kill you, we’re heading south for the winter.” Robert didn’t respond, keeping his breath steady.  He waited, zoning on the footsteps as they drew closer.  Tony scoffed when Robert didn’t reveal himself. “Some soldier you are, Caldwell.  I didn’t know they taught ‘hiding like a bitch’ in the Army.”
	Robert found his moment.  He kicked the door open, impaling Tony.  The gun swung back and cracked Tony’s nose.  Robert revealed himself quickly, throwing several jabs.  All made contact in the chest or head.  Tony tried to back off and raise his gun.  Robert advanced quickly, putting his own hands around the weapon and drawing the trajectory away.  Both wrestled over the firearm, resulting in half a dozen shots firing into the ceiling or walls.
	Robert clenched his teeth, and thrust his forehead into Tony’s.  The man reeled from the pain and confusion.  His arms loosened around the gun.  Robert wrenched it free and turned the weapon.  He let off a single shot, blowing into Tony’s ribcage.  The wounded man stumbled, his back falling against the wall and legs giving out.  A direct shot through the heart killed Tony in a matter of moments.  Travis had one thing right: Bobby was accurate.
	Rob was a little bit shocked that everything could happen so quick.  But he knew the fact of the matter, that this man was indeed in league with Travis.  Unfortunate for him.  Yet he was back in the states and killing someone would carry serious repercussions especially if they were in police uniform.  Robert considered turning himself in, but didn’t have the time to contemplate it far.  Another gunshot echoed down the hall when Peter turned the corner to fire.
	Robert sprinted through the weaving halls that may have gone miles.  He was lost in this airport, having only been there on two occasions including this.  After searching for so long, he tucked the gun under his waistband.  Rob kicked open a door leading into the front concourse.  It didn’t take long to reach the ticket desks.  And through a series of glass panels, he could see the Tampa morning shining bright.
	A number of people separated to let the running man through.  Some saw the pistol in his jeans and reacted accordingly.  Rob sprinted through the door, gunning it for the parking lot.  He could hear Peter nipping at his heels.  Three more gunshots echoed across the drop-off zone.  Rob slid across the hood of a taxi before ducking behind the wheel well. “Don’t make this any harder on yourself, Bobby!” Peter screamed. “You already killed one man!”
	Rob started moving, keeping his head under the car to get as much distance as he could.  More gunshots blasted, some coming within a few inches of their target.  Running into the parking lot, a bullet impaled a concrete barrier right behind him.  The closest car, a black Charger, begged for him to take it.  Rob had learned a few unorthodox things during his enlistment including a crash course in hotwiring.  Rob raised the gun and let off a single shot through the window.  He could hear people screaming from the noise.
	Rob yanked the door open and ducked inside.  He began tearing out the wires under the dashboard and tried to connect the color codes he knew.  Three bullets ripped through the window, forcing Robert to act quicker.  The shooting didn’t let up.  Rob turned his attention to the shooter, rising and firing three shots through the broken glass.  Peter fell with a wound to the neck.  Two down, two to go.
	As the Charger’s engine turned over, his hearing was numb to the sound of distant sirens closing in quickly.  A flash of light across the rear view mirror shifted his attention to a bulky framed gray truck.  Rob popped the clutch, peeling the tires and burning rubber as he darted out of the parking lot.  Rob instinctively dropped when he spotted Travis on the curb with a gun raised.  Two shots fired in close proximity, one shattering the passenger side window.
	The Dodge truck came to a stop alongside Travis and Blackthorne.  While the Colonel jumped in the passenger seat, the giant threw himself into the flatbed.  Travis sent Evan a smirk, “Let’s go hunting.”
	Blackthorne didn’t notice his momentum shift when Evan punched the accelerator.  His frame was muscular and heavy, and he only needed to lean forward slightly.  His focus was on something else entirely. “Boss,” he said over an earpiece, “What do you want?  Stop the car or go for the kill.”
	“Whatever it takes, I want Robert dead.” Travis replied.
	Blackthorne chuckled, raising an AR-15 with a modified scope and extended magazines.  He lowered it as a unit of two police cars responded to shots fired at the airport.  But they were long out of the airport now.  This pursuit was going into the city.
	Robert pulled the handbrake as he neared a red light.  Stopping wasn’t an option in this situation.  The car drifted a perfect turn right, narrowly dodging a sedan going under the speed limit.  Rob jerked the car into the opposite lane, downshifted, and pumped gas into the engine before jumping forward in a burst of speed.  The pursuing truck made the turn with no real trouble, only ripping off the side mirror of another sedan.  Moments after the turn was made, the roar of gunshots echoed through the otherwise quiet streets of Tampa.
	There wasn’t much to go on.  He was lucky Doug gave him a head start.  Robert almost felt bad leaving Doug and questioned whether the Staff Sergeant survived Travis’ wrath.  Rob shook his head as another round tore through and cracked the rear window.  There was a time to worry about Doug later.  Right now, his primary concern was getting out alive.  Considering he only had a single weapon with perhaps one or two shots left, the only real choice was run or die.
	A magazine of forty bullets expended at the running Charger.  At least three quarters of the shots made sturdy impact with the bumper, taillights, trunk compartment, and other panels.  None were accurate enough to shoot the driver who now had the warning to keep his head low.
	Blackthorne reloaded his firearm and continued, leaving only a split second of silence between fully automatic fire.  But killing Robert wouldn’t be their only concern.  It only took a matter of seconds for police to hear about the shooting.  First responders could hear the echoes from a few blocks away.  Before Travis cleared one minute from the airport, three police vehicles were honed in on the pursuit.
	Travis gave one look at the flashing lights, then hit his radio, “Thorny, we’ve got heat.”
	Blackthorne dropped the rifle, turning around and raising his hands. “I’ve got it.” He drew a Magnum 500 revolver and directed his first shot on the unsuspecting driver of the closest vehicle.  Though the driver swerved to avoid it, the bullet made a deadly impact.  The car lost control, rolling on its side after a ninety degree turn.  The accident in turn made the follow up car collide.  Two out of the three first responders were removed from the pursuit.
	Blackthorne spun the revolver in his finger, slipped it back in his holster, and returned to the stack of boxes.  He quickly ascended again, carrying a bulky, short weapon.  The soldier aimed down the sights, turning off the safety of a Hawk MM-1 40mm grenade launcher.  One shot rapidly closed the gap.  The driver of the third police unit didn’t have any time to respond.  As the grenade impacted the hard turf right in front of the police car’s right tire, a concussive blast sent the vehicle into a vicious barrel roll.
	Travis gave a glance through the side mirror.  He smirked, “Good job, Brian.  But now the whole force will be gunning for us.”
	“I like a challenge.” Blackthorne replied.
	Robert downshifted to pass up a lane of slow moving cars.  Evan matched him move for move in this chase.  Dozens of more shots rang out, these from Travis firing an SMG out the window.  Robert heard impact of a few shots, while others went astray into other cars, buildings, and in one occasion a pedestrian.
	Robert knew his only way out was speed.  A supercharged sports car had the benefit of speed where the truck did not.  All he needed was a straightaway.  The turnoff to the causeway caught his eye at the last second.  Rob gripped the handbrake, turning hard and fast to make it in the intersection he nearly passed.  As soon as the tires aligned, Rob punched the gas.
	Evan was right on top of him, scraping another car as it took up the far lane.  Only a few seconds behind the truck, at least five police cars varying sedan and SUV throttled onto the bridge.  Quick to follow, a police helicopter swung over the bay.
	“Air one, we have visual on the pursuit.” The pilot reported. “Silver Dodge Ram and a black Charger.  All units be advised, the Ram is heavily armed.  Proceed with caution.” Through an open window in the fuselage, a sharpshooter slid the barrel of a sniper rifle through.  He steadied his aim and slowed breath for the shot.
	Blackthorne dropped as a few shots were fired from pursuing police cars.  They may have been aiming for the tires, but he didn’t take chances.  He returned to the AR-15, fit a mounted grenade launcher beneath the barrel, and loaded a single M203 into the chamber.  The Samoan jumped back up and launched one back at the nearest car.  As soon as the explosive made impact with the leading police car, a ball of flames took up every lane on that side of the bridge.
	Following cars were forced to turn away from the smoldering carcass, even though some weren’t lucky to avoid it.  Robert gave a glance through his rear-view mirror.  He could see the rising smoke and red embers in the growing distance.  And his road to outrun the pursuing truck was coming to an end.  Soon enough, he’d be on the other side.  And with this much activity, he could guarantee the police would set up spike strips on the opposite side of the bridge.
	A gunshot went off, taking a moment to blare in Blackthorne’s ears.  As soon as he heard it, the truck swiveled in a controllable fishtail.  The front right tire had been shot out by precision fire in the helicopter.  It was only a few moments before the flat rubber shredded down to the rim.  Blackthorne clutched the sides of the truck, and raised the grenade launcher.  As soon as he was aiming down the sights, the helicopter ascended out of his range.
	Robert spotted sparks in the rear-view mirror.  The cops had taken out one of their tires, which would give him one advantage he was begging for.  Rob pumped the gas and lurched forward.  Travis fired the rest of his magazine at the fleeing sedan, but Rob was gaining ground. “Don’t lose him!” Travis screamed.
	Evan looked in the rear view mirror. “Travis, we’ve bit off more than we can chew.  We need to get the hell out of this city while we have the chance.”
	Travis growled, “I’ve been waiting for three years!”
	“We’ll get him soon enough.  But you won’t be killing anybody if you’re locked in a cell for twenty.”
	Blackthorne peeled the window open. “He’s right, Travis.  I’m not getting locked up.  And I’m not getting killed by some cops, either.” By this time, Robert’s Charger was a dot on the horizon.
	Travis clenched his teeth, “Fine.  Let’s get out of here.”
	Ten minutes in passing saw Robert come to a stop in an abandoned alleyway.  He took a deep breath and wiped the sweat from his brow. “Some homecoming.” He didn’t expect friends or family to greet him at the airport.  He’d dropped out of contact with most of those people when he enlisted.  But now that he was back, he’d need somebody to rely on.
	Robert thought of the envelope Doug handed off to him.  He ripped it open and let the contents fall free into the passenger seat.  A sheet of paper, among some other miscellaneous items.  None of them really mattered.  He took up the envelope, and started to read what Doug left him.
	“Bobby, sorry for the inconvenience, but you’re return home won’t be all that you were hoping for.  You made some enemies during your enlistment.  Among the names, Travis Greer, Brian Tillman--” Robert cut himself off, “yada, yada, yada.  I have a feeling Bradenton will be too chaotic for you to live out your life in peace.
	“So I did some research and found somewhere you could drop off the radar.  The last thing you need is more attention to draw the wrong people right to you.  You have a cousin, Derek Moser, living in a small town in Northern Arizona.  I’ve already contacted him to let him know you may be seeing him soon.  Don’t draw the wrong conclusions, Bobby.  I’m doing whatever I can to keep you alive.  You know as well as I do that Travis won’t stop.  Once he’s set his mind on something, he’s going to do it regardless of the damage he causes or the people he hurts.  Right now, he wants you dead.
	“I’ve taken you as far as I can, Robert.  I hope you can live your life without looking over your shoulder.  This was the best method I could think of.  Good luck, Sergeant.  I’ll keep in touch.” Robert folded the paper neatly.  He thought of the town Doug mentioned. “Small town is an understatement.” He’d been to Arizona twice in his life, once in Phoenix, and once to visit Derek in that patch of forest they called a town.  It was a long shot off from Tampa Bay, but he needed a fresh start somewhere.  And with the smoke and flames behind him setting the foundation of his return to the states, Florida wouldn’t be kind. “Well, I haven’t gone camping in a little while.”

Day 768
Horizon

	San Diego would soon be a thing of the past.  Only if they were to meet defeat would the survivors return to the sea.  But most of them were optimists.  Robert spread a map of the United States down on a table in the center of the mess hall.  He marked locations of interest with a highlighter. “We’re going across state lines.” He marked the California-Arizona border with a line through the Colorado river. “Follow Interstate 8--”
	“You’re missing something,” Jacob said. “We’re going to have to make a pit stop for ammunition.”
	“Where are we going to stop for that?” Walsh asked.
	“It’s not exactly up to standard, but there is a production factory in Northern Arizona.  We would go north from here to Barstow, but that area is in the fallout zone from the nuke.”
	Walt tilted his head, “What factory are you talking about?”
	“There’s a Ruger production complex in Prescott,” Logan answered. “They built handguns for the most part.”
	“How do we know there’s any ammunition in that facility?” Jacob asked.
	Tom shook his head, “We don’t, just another run on faith.  But if there isn’t, we’ve still got plenty of places to stock up between Prescott and Forest Lakes.”
	“Our first priority is to get out of San Diego,” Robert spoke up. “I don’t know if any of you remember, but just getting to the Naval yard was a battle all its own.”
	“Corbin,” Tom called.
	“Yes, General.”
	“We’re gonna take a flight.  Mark checkpoints every quarter mile until we’re on the highway out of the city.  A ground unit will follow our directions to see if they’re navigable.”
	“Understood, I’ll start prepping the bird for liftoff.”
	Tom nodded, “We’ll be back to discuss the long road.  Marines, stay vigilant.  We’re not out of the hornet’s nest yet.”
	Walt scoffed, “Chances are we’ll be driving headlong into a nest worse than this.”
	Robert walked out of the briefing room.  Only a step outside, his eyes were caught by Derek.  The man had his arms folded and he leaned against the wall.  His face was plain.  Robert’s brow furrowed, “Derek?  What are you doing?”
	“I need to talk to you.”
	“Don’t start, you’re not talking me out of this.”
	“I’m not here to.” Derek cleared his throat. “I know you need to do this.”
	Rob raised an eyebrow. “Why the change of heart?”
	“You aren’t the only one Nicole talks to.”
	Robert sighed, “Did she explain why?”
	“She told me enough.”
	“Bad habit,” Robert shrugged.
	“I don’t blame you for wanting vengeance.  That monster killed your family.  And he killed the woman I loved.  If I were to run across him, I would kill him too.”
	Rob lifted a finger. “Don’t build up a desire for vengeance.  Only one of us can have it, and I don’t want you risking your life.”
	“That was a given, Bobby.  I got a little girl to look after now.” Derek turned to walk away.  He stopped a few steps, where he turned to see Rob walking away. “Rob.”
	“Yeah?” Rob turned around.
	“Promise me one thing…come back in one piece.”
	“Always thought about dying again.”
	“You won’t get lucky a third time Bobby, don’t joke about it.”
	Tom jogged to the helicopter, and ducked beneath the spinning rotors.  He took a seat in the fuselage, shortly followed by Mike. “What’s our fuel reserve look like, Captain?”
	“We’ve got enough on the cruiser to last us ‘til 2015.”
	“Good, we’ll all be long since dead by then.  Take her up.”
	“Got room for another,” Jacob spoke up, the rifle slung over his shoulder.
	“We could use a good eye in the sky, Major.”
	On the ground, Lexie walked with a loaded carbine in hand.  Chad walked alongside with similar armament. “It’s been a long time since I drove through San Diego.”
	Chad chuckled as he jumped into the driver’s seat. “It’s not as glamorous as one used to think.”
	“What’s changed?”
	“Fires have destroyed a good half of the city, floods, quakes, no human intervention, and I haven’t even mentioned the corpses lining the streets.”
	“Sounds like the new world.” She grabbed the map.  In her other hand were a pen and radio. “General, we’re moving out.”
	“Copy that, Staff Sergeant.  Proceed west onto Barnett, then flip a bitch onto Pacific highway.”
	“Understood.” Lexie glanced at Chad, “You catch that?”
	“Yep,” Chad spun the wheel.
	Rayburn looked through a pair of binoculars for an obstruction further down the way.  It didn’t take long. “You can probably see it up ahead.”
	“We can see a shit ton of gridlock from here.”
	Tom scoffed, “I’d prefer your view.  About a hundred meters up, pull a right.”
	“Copy that,” Lexie answered.  Chad followed the road, having to navigate around some vehicles.  He turned right onto Taylor.  The roads were somewhat dense, forcing the humvee onto opposing lanes. “We got anything to worry about on this street?”
	“None that we see from up here.  Keep going straight.  There’ll be a freeway coming up on your left.  See if you can merge onto it.”
	“Which lanes?”
	“Westbound is empty.” Tom replied.
	Corbin looked across the city, finding smoke rising and decimated structures throughout. “Damn, this city got fucked up.”
	Gustavo was busy plotting the path for when the day of exodus came along. “You should have seen what they did to Los Angeles.”
	Andrew bit his lip. “I was there.  We were lucky to get out of the airspace before the missile went off.”
	“Got some activity on the ground,” Jacob said over the radio.
	“What’s it look like?” Lexie asked.
	“Couple of stragglers I can add to the body count.” Jacob chuckled, “Looks like you’re gonna have to catch up again, Bobby.”
	Rob’s voice flooded the comm. “Shouldn’t take too long, Warren.  My gun’s semi-auto, you’re stuck with that pussy bolt-action.”
	“You talk and talk, but I haven’t seen you hit a silver dollar at two miles.”
	“Three thousand yards, old man.” Robert retorted, “Not quite two miles.”
	Jacob chuckled, “Keep her steady, Captain.” He let off a shot that hit directly in the side of the zombie’s temple.
	Chad boarded the freeway in westbound lanes.  As was mentioned before, little to no automobiles stood about the lanes.  Only a handful of police cars, military transports, and a couple of civilian models were present. “A million souls turned to dust,” Lexie said. “I’ve never seen anything like it.” She couldn’t help but stare at the roads flooded with stopped cars, some of them with bodies still in the seats.
	Chad averted his eyes for a moment. “I’ve seen a few.  Hate to say LA and Nashville were the worst I had to witness.”
	“Do you think it’s like this all over the world?”
	“The virus reached Russia last year.  If we couldn’t contain it dropping a bomb on one of our own cities, it’d be foolish to think the rest of the world got a better grasp on it.”
	“I just wish we could find host zero and reverse everything.”
	“The 163 interchange has been leveled,” Tom reported. “Take the next exit and hang a left after this park.”
	Chad followed the command without a response. “You can’t reverse an infection of this size.  Even if it were possible, what would those lives be coming back to.  Decomposed flesh, rotted organs, clotted blood.  Believe me, the dead are better off staying dead.”
	As soon as Chad was making a left onto the side street, Tom gave in the next direction. “Right on the next street.”
	Chad turned, a little unsure because a public transit railway was elevated above the street and blocked the line of sight. “General, we do not have a visual on the bird, over.”
	“Is the street navigable?”
	“Affirmative,” Chad replied.
	“Keep following it, we see the road ahead fifty meters.”
	“Roger that, General, give us a heads up next time.”
	Tom nodded as his view behind the scope shifted. “Copy.  The road you’re on curves north ahead, I don’t see much traffic from here.  Report your status.”
	“We’re all still breathing down here, sir.”
	“See or hear anything out of the ordinary?”
	Chad hesitated, “General, we’re in one of the largest city in the United States and we haven’t seen a single living being.  What’s ordinary in this day and age?”
	Tom rolled his eyes, “You know what I mean, Staff Sergeant.”
	“We haven’t seen a thing, General.  This city is dead.”
	The humvee followed the road as it curved north.  There was no debris or roadblocks on a path hardly used in mass transit.  Chad approached the stop sign leading onto a three lane road. “Eastbound lanes are flooded with cars.  You’ll have to go on the west side.”
	“How’s this road look?” Chad squeezed through a few cars to make the turn into oncoming lanes.
	Jacob scanned the roadway through his scope. “Doesn’t look half bad.  The loop to the 163’s still intact.”
	“Dodged a bullet there, didn’t we?” Lexie asked cynically.
	“Stay on this road, Staff Sergeant.  We’re going to fly ahead a couple miles.”
	“Don’t go too far, I might miss you.” Chad hung up the radio.  He pressed his foot harder and harder, building up speeds on a mostly clear street.  A few people got smart and pulled into opposite lanes during the evacuations, but not enough to make an impact.  And though human activity was devoid of the city, not all of it was too bad.  Nature was still running its course and unabated by maintenance.  It looked more like a jungle now.  The right side was consumed by vegetation as well and only the occasional shopping center caught their eyes.
	The road was long and boring.  It wasn’t much different from those in the air.  Jacob took his eye away from the rifle long enough to spot an old memory. “How are the Chargers doing this season?”
	Rayburn chuckled, looking down into the bowl of Qualcomm Stadium. “I’ll let you know when they start recruiting.”
	Chad and Lexie were also mesmerized by the massive structure as they passed by.  Chad chuckled and grabbed his radio, “Fifty bucks says the Pats blow out the Chargers.”
	“Now why are you making a bet you can’t win?” Jacob laughed.
	“Because it’s a bet I can’t lose either.”
	“Hold up,” Jacob ordered.  Chad slowed the car to a stop at that point. “The bridge is out up ahead.  But the road to your south has a smaller bridge and it appears to be intact.”
	Chad glanced to his right, and spotted it beyond a sanitation plant. “I see the road.  How do I get there?”
	“Double back and take the off ramp you just passed.” Chad spun the wheel as soon as he heard the directions.  It took a couple minutes to reach the ramp, pull a left, and turn onto the smaller four lane road.
	Passing over the highway, Lexie saw the unrelenting devastation of another precision air strike.  The entire bridge was toppled on the interstate, and cars were bumper to bumper for miles.  There were many ways to die, but none so agonizing as rush hour.  The next couple of miles were spent in rural neighborhoods.  Some mom and pop shops, apartment complexes, and minimal traffic.  It was relieving to Chad.  Better than driving through downtown.  While the suburbs usually did bear many people, most of them were either inside their houses or evacuating the city during the first days of the infection.
	The road curved north soon enough, which meant they needed to make another right. “Where to, General?”
	“Keep following the road you’re on, soon enough you’ll merge east.  After that, make a left onto the divided street up ahead.  Southbound lanes have some post-virus traffic, but nothing our convoy won’t be able to negotiate.”
	“Understood.” Lexie scanned the map and marked off the turn.  Chad eventually made the right at a stop sign he didn’t heed.  There was no need to stop.  Getting struck by another moving car these days wasn’t a thing most worried about.  Beyond that, the chopper would see something like that coming from a mile away.
	“At the four way intersection, go left.” Another direction followed without even the necessity of a response.
	Jacob scanned the road ahead, “We’ve got some congestion.  Recommend you detour right at the next intersection and follow the next street parallel.” He could see movement in a number of cars, but didn’t feel the need to risk ammo on undead trapped in their vehicles.
	Before Chad took the turn, he could see the pile-up of cars strewn across four lanes and the sidewalks. “Thanks for the warning, Jake.”
	“Follow that road to the end, then get back on track.  At the next intersection, go left.  We’re going to scout ahead to see if anything’s in the way.” Once the turn had been made, the helicopter sprinted toward.  In a matter of minutes, it was barely a dot on the horizon to Chad and Lexie.
	Corbin crossed the gap of almost ten miles, getting lower to the ground so roadblocks would be easier to make out and more ground could be covered faster.  The Seahawk pitched left once it was flying over the Interstate. “That’s the interstate,” Jacob smiled when he spotted the label through his scope, “we’ve got our ticket out.”
	“Anything we need to worry about.”
	“Negative, there’s nothing between you and the interstate.”
	“Good,” Chad slowed to a stop, “let’s hope nothing changes in the next few days.” He looked at Lexie. “Do you think this is a good idea?”
	“I know the pain that Robert’s been through.  I see the agony in his eyes every day.  He misses Nicole more than anything in the world.  He’ll never forget and he was never going to let his wife’s murderer go free.  Travis needs to pay for this.”
	“He killed my men, too.  I wish Walt could see that like we do.”
	“He’s worried how many more of his men will be buried.”
	Chad sighed, “However many are necessary for real justice.  I wouldn’t want to make that call.”
	“Walt didn’t get a choice, everyone else wanted to go.” Lexie outstretched a hand and wrapped her fingers around Chad’s palm. “We’re all willing to sacrifice our lives to see justice done.”
	“That, or we’re ready to die because the next life can only be better than this.” He spun the wheel, “Let’s get back home.” Chad keyed up, “Falcon, can you guide us back to base?”
	“Affirmative,” Jacob answered.  It took the space of ten minutes for the sole humvee to be effectively escorted back into the marine base without any fault.
	After the route out of San Diego was confirmed both by aerial surveillance and the drive back, the matter of reaching their ultimate destination became the concern.  Highway maps of California and Arizona were laid out side by side and nothing was lost in translation.
	Jacob marked their location north of the bay with a black dry erase marker. “As soon as we’re out of San Diego, we’re back in the wildlife.  We can’t risk going through high populace areas, and we can’t trust anywhere to rearm in Phoenix assuming what happened here a few months ago.” Nova still felt the loss of their men to an improvised ambush by bandits in San Diego. “This firearms complex located outside of Prescott is the only real choice we have.” He marked another X at their destination.
	“We’ll follow the interstate to El Centro,” Derek stepped in and pointed it out, “then cut north to Blythe.”
	“The whole route is going to be almost four hundred miles.  Everyone better have extra water for the trip.”
	“Everyone better be armed for a showdown, too.” Walter said from behind Jacob.
	Jacob nodded, “Every capable person should have a weapon ready.  We don’t know if or when we’ll run straight into a riot, but when we do we’ll be sure to give them a fight to remember.”
	Robert stepped closer to the map.  Nobody had noticed the previous markings around the border until just now. “What does that mean?”
	Jacob looked at himself. “That may be a problem.”
	Walter clenched his teeth, “The Air Force wanted to make the Colorado river impassable.  Only a few routes were left open to withdrawing military personnel.  I’m hoping that bridge is still in one piece.”
	“I don’t like the idea of retracing our footsteps,” Jacob said aloud.
	“What about Havasu?” Rob suggested.
	Walter admitted “Not an option.  It would have been our ace in the hole, but the undead overran it within the first two weeks.” Jacob knew full well of the rampant undead spread when it struck Flagstaff.
	Robert glanced at Andrew, “It’s a hundred and sixty miles to Blythe, but it’s either this or go back through Yuma.  That border needs to be checked out.”
	The Captain smiled, “I praise every second my bird can stay in the air, Bobby.  We’ll be there and back in a couple of hours.” He stepped out the door to spin up the Seahawk.
	Jacob stepped forward, “I’ll go on this little flight with you, Bobby.  But we’re making sure it’s intact with more than just a look through a rifle scope.”
	“What’s that supposed to mean?”
	“That roadway is an artery straight into Arizona, maybe one of two left.  Something of that importance will have eyes on it.”
	“We’ll handle it,” Rob replied.
	“I hope the two of us can.”
	Robert shook it off, “Miguel, you want the gun?”
	While a number of marines were put off to hear this, Miguel was overjoyed, “I thought you’d never ask.” Miguel jogged out the door.
	Jacob looked at the collective of fatigues, “Anyone else want to see the weather outside of San Diego?” Lexie started walking for the door before any of the marines volunteered.  Jacob grinned, “Sorry boys, the roster just filled up.” None of the marines uttered disapproval, one of the many traits hammered in their heads.  He started for the door, “Don’t take it personal, boys.”
	The rushing winds and thumping could only mean the helicopter was preparing for liftoff.  While it ill mattered here in a city freed from the undead reign, the aircraft would always make noise audible for miles and draw in their most feared predator anywhere else.  Rob and Jacob sprinted, their heads low under the rotors as the gusts picked up.  Rob checked his vest to see that there were two clips on hand.  He took a seat, and rising into his posture his eyes locked on Lexie.
	Robert opened his mouth, but Lexie cut him off. “It’s my choice!” She yelled over the rotors.  Rob closed his mouth and averted his eyes.  Her character changed dramatically following the Fort Carson return.  She still had that spark alive inside of her, but it was masked by a morose virus.  Her eyes looked to bleed sorrow, but the only thing she portrayed was rage.  She wanted revenge for what happened.  Every person she’d grown to know at Fort Carson turned into monsters stretching infected claws and walking without coordination or care.  Farad’s death to save the others…and her.  Robert could see the same change that created Derek’s demon now piercing her heart and turning it black.
	Lexie looked over at Jacob as he took a seat.  The marine returned her a smile, which she faked the same easily enough.  Her eyes drifted to the distant mountains as the helicopter rose to a sustainable height.  She looked down more than enough times.  And every time she did, she could see Farad’s lifeless body falling.  She’d become drawn in to the hallucination to the point where Farad was looking back up at her as he fell.  She looked back up, to where Robert was.  Farad had taken his place, “I’m sorry,” his last words.  He turned the pistol to his own chin.
	Lexie snapped out of a dream and held out a hand to stop him, “Don’t!” Robert, who was looking through his scope at a walker near a mile away, was taken aback.  He was momentarily surprised, but regained his composure and sent her a worried look.  Jacob and Miguel were also concerned.  Lexie’s breath was erratic and her face was wet with perspiration.  She leaned back, withdrawing a hand to her chest. “How long was I asleep?”
	“I’d say about a half hour,” Robert turned his eye back to the scope.
	Jacob leaned closer, “Are you here with us?”
	Lexie nodded.  She wiped a tear from her eye. “I guess I wasn’t ready to be back in this helicopter yet.”
	“I understand you need to mourn.  But we don’t get second chances in the field.  The snap of a bullet, you don’t move means you die.  You need to stow that, save that emotion for later or turn it against your enemy.  It’s how I saved my life, when I lost Alyssa.  Don’t let your mind wander when it needs to be focused on now.”
	Lexie nodded, “I’ll try.”
	Robert clicked his teeth, “You’d better do more than try if Blythe is occupied.”
	Within the next hour, the trench of the Colorado river became visible to most everyone onboard the Seahawk.  They were nearing the objective at hand, still pondering whether there could be an insurgency waiting.  Previous circumstances shined on the outpost, granting them a clear path from the White Mountains of Arizona to San Diego.  But times changed, and Robert wasn’t one to put anything to chance.  They needed to get across the border.  With their limited fuel resources they couldn’t let themselves backtrack a hundred or more miles if they ran into a dead end.
	Robert fed the first bullet into the chamber of his rifle.  Jacob reacted similarly when the outline of a small town appeared before them.  The two peered through their scopes for signs of movement.  The streets of Blythe were flooded with decomposing bodies, but a path appeared to have been carved by a previous traveler.  A path that led west to east leading straight to the border. “Looks like whoever was down there had a showdown with some zombies.” Jacob said.
	Robert followed the street, where his eyes crossed paths with a vehicle perpendicular to the street.  Two men armed with assault rifles stood behind the car.  As it usually was with a helicopter, the visit wasn’t one to go unnoticed in midday. “Somebody’s still down there.” He followed the road further, pinpointing another vehicle checkpoint every mile into the next state. “And they’ve got one hell of a security system.”
	Within moments of finishing his sentence, Andrew’s flight path had them hovering atop the route into the next state over. “How many do you see down there?”
	Rob tried to count the gunmen at every checkpoint, but the corner of his free eye spotted something less vague and much more sinister. “Move!” Andrew dipped the nose forward right before a rocket launcher fired its payload.  The Seahawk dodged the missile by a matter of inches.  Rob clicked his radio as the helicopter accelerated forward. “Yankee base, we’ve confirmed hostile entities in Blythe.” Small arms fire began to pepper the helicopter’s body and her occupants scooted closer in to avoid stray rounds. “May be at least fifty of them.”
	Jacob returned a single shot to the man who tried to blow them out of the sky. “We’re going to need to get in and out of this city as fast as possible.” Lexie began to fire down on rooftop enemies, but failed to deliver any life-threatening impacts.  Robert let loose with his sniper, each shot perfected by Rob’s own internal calculator.  After circling over the town and confirming the route into Arizona was the most heavily occupied part of it, Corbin turned back for San Diego.
	“I’m not going to keep getting shot at up here, Major.”
	“Don’t worry, Captain, I was about to tell you to start home.” In less than a minute, the helicopter was but a dot on the horizon and the gunfire ceased.
	Robert let himself breathe easy.  Another brush with death come and past.  Strange, the adrenaline wasn’t pumping as much any more.  Truthfully it was the stress of leading his people into another war that kept his manner so composed. “What are we going to do?”
	“The same thing we always do, Bobby.”
	“This is different.”
	“This is no different from Show Low, my old friend.”
	Robert chuckled, “I died in Show Low, you aren’t making me feel any better.”
	Jacob had trouble lighting a cigarette with the chopping wind. “Don’t worry about it.  We’ll figure something out when we get back.  We gotta roll with the punches.”

Day 770
The Long Road Home

	A cool, misty breeze in a San Diego morning.  The sun had yet to rise, so the city maintained a dark blue aura.  While more than twenty were still fast asleep, the schedule was to be maintained.  The last thing any of them wanted was to drive past nightfall.  Traveling with reduced visibility and fear of the infection in unknown territory.  Regardless of how much ammo they carried, which was still far from enough, darkness was never an ally on unsure grounds.
	Robert bummed a cigarette from Jacob, waiting for the other drivers to meet around the convoy. “What year is your Chevy?” Jacob asked.
	“Oh nine,” Robert answered.  He gave it a glance, looking at the damaged grill left behind by Derek’s relentless attempt to save his life. “She’s a beast.”
	Derek stumbled out of the barracks first, his old Ruger P90 sleeping in the holster around his thigh. “What’s the time?” He asked after reaching the others.
	“Five hundred hours.” Jacob answered without glancing at his watch. “We need to get going soon.”
	Rob inquired, “How is the route you scouted?”
	“It’s manageable,” Jacob replied, “but that could change if it hasn’t already.  We don’t know what else may be alive in the city.”
	“Our best bet is when the sun’s still creeping over the horizon.  The dead have vision like us, so we won’t draw as much attention.”
	Walter opened the driver door of the lead humvee. “That’s assuming the dead have migrated back into the city in the last couple of months.  This city used to be completely dead.”
	“Word might have spread to the living, that’s another thing we have to worry about.” Jacob took a drag. “I don’t know about you, but the last thing I want are hitchhikers and bandits following our convoy.”
	“My marines will watch your ass, Jacob.” Tom said as he approached. “They’ll scatter if we strafe them with the guns on that bird.”
	Michael and Chad were the next to arrive within fifteen minutes.  Robert was surprised to see Chad’s fingers around Lexie’s palm. ‘About time you gave up on me,’ Rob thought with a smile.  He truly only found one love and nothing could replace her.  He was also gratified to see she wouldn’t wait for him when he didn’t want her to. “Everyone here?” Mike asked as the trio found the circle of uniforms.
	“Just about,” Tom replied. “We’re still short.”
	“Your marines getting too much rack these days, General?” Jacob asked.
	“It’s the end of the world, Major.  The last thing these boys are doing is waking up at four every morning for the rest of their lives.”
	It was only a few moments after Tom’s retort that Lance Corporal Hoyt, Sergeant First Class Place, and Sergeant Major Lockwood were jogging up to the staging area. “General,” Lockwood saluted.
	“At ease, Sergeant Major.  What took you?”
	“The three of us were up at four, decided to run down to the bay to get our blood pumping.”
	“So much for sleeping in,” Mike chuckled.
	Tom cleared his throat, “Everyone understand what we’re doing?”
	“Getting the hell out of dodge,” Derek replied.
	Rob nodded, “Follow us on the specified route out of San Diego.  We take the I8 to El Centro, then north to Blythe.  Blythe does have an occupation, which will require air support.  Both sides of the bridge at the border have been shut down by roadblocks.  There are two rocket launchers inside the bird, they’ll get the big problem out of the way.  Hit them fast, we’ll be in and out before they have a chance to respond.  Once we’re over the border, continue toward Prescott and locate this firearms plant where we can hopefully bunk down for the night.”
	“Once we leave San Diego, we leave our only source of food, water, and fuel.  Load as much as you can carry and leave anything you don’t need.  We’ll have to scavenge for fuel for the bird near the objective.”
	“There’s an airport not too far from the factory.” Derek remembered vividly his lifetime in Arizona, especially in a county where he’d spent half his life. “You might find something there.”
	“Are the trucks stocked with ammo?”
	“Affirmative.” Chad confirmed.
	“Good,” Tom answered. “As soon as we step out of San Diego, we’re living on a prayer.”
	“We’re burning daylight,” Jacob said.  Even though the sun had yet to rise, they’d need every second they could get if things turned bad during the drive several hundred miles.  The outpost knew full well the dangers going from Arizona to California, and only escaped the gridlock of Phoenix by the skin of their teeth.  Fortunately, no big cities stood in the way of this path.  That didn’t mean it would be easy. “If we want to get across the border, we need to hit when they’re still asleep.”
	Robert nodded, “Get everyone up, we leave in ten.”
	While most of the outpost was ready and willing to get on the road, a few were reluctant to leave.  Residents of California hardly wanted to relocate.  It was only out of the fear of another counter attack from San Clemente that made them worry.  Even a few from Arizona didn’t feel comfortable going back.  But then again, it didn’t matter where they went.  The undead would keep them on their toes forever.
	Robert jumped into his Silverado.  As he started the engine, his free hand plugged the Beretta M9 into a holster between the door and seat.  Rob leaned back in his seat and watched as the entire faction split up among the convoy. “Head count once everyone is in the vehicles.  Nobody gets left behind.”
	Ten vehicles waited in a line, prepared for a hasty departure.  Robert’s Silverado took the lead.  A number of trucks were Army or Marine humvees taking up a number of slots, though a few others had some advantages.  Troy’s truck on the massive tires made navigating a city simple.  Jacob’s RV was useful for carrying many people, specifically civilians.  Jacob always elected to take the wheel of his own rig.
	Taking care of the last few, both pilots and two gunners lifted off in the Seahawk.  Robert recounted the head count and verified the numbers were right. “Let’s move out,” looking to the mountains ahead, he could see sunlight shining over the distant mountain peaks. “We’re behind schedule.” Robert had a copy of the map laid out on the dashboard.  And his three passengers, Derek, Sandra, and Kendall, all had weapons at the ready if anything were to go wrong.
	Rob pushed the gas and led the convoy out the wide open gate a few meters ahead.  There was no undead greeting to be found stepping out of the safe zone.  San Diego was empty.  The only concern was getting through the city’s congestion.  But that’s what they had an eye in the sky for.  Sandra verified every turn from Gustavo’s line of view.
	The civilians hadn’t seen what shape San Diego was in.  They’d been restricted to the marine base on land.  Driving back through on a very different route showed even more of the devastation.  Nothing truly changed regarding the devastation and abandonment, save for the lack of undead.  The marines had seen this a hundred times before.  They were the most somber, feeling partly responsible for losing this city to the plague.  At least they were still alive where most weren’t.
	The mood was more silent than most had been.  It’d been two years in this hostile new world.  In that space of time, they’d seen and lost so much that words were empty.  Staring at the rotten remains of a once flourishing metropolis, all meaning was lost.  This, the result of a biological attack that spread beyond control.  A virus that wiped out everything it touched.  The human race’s extinction event.
	Thankfully the first leg of the road home wasn’t long.  Before they knew it, the city of San Diego was behind them and the mountains the trek would cross stood ahead.  Robert let out a deep sigh of relief as the empty westbound interstate was all that remained in front of him. “Convoy is leaving San Diego, report your status.”
	“Right behind you, Bobby.” Walt said right off the bat.
	Chad was soon to follow, “Car three in formation.”
	“Civilian transport is accounted for,” Jacob said.  The others called in as they went down the line until everyone was accounted for.
	“Rest in peace, San Diego.” Rob punched the gas, sending the convoy out as far and as fast as they could collectively go.  In a matter of what seemed like seconds, they had surpassed Alpine, Pine Valley, and Boulevard in a blur of mountains and forest.  And afterwards, all they could see was desert.  A vast ocean of orange emptiness, something that sent a shiver down Rob’s spine.
	Entering El Centro, everyone’s senses needed to elevate.  It was here they needed to make a change in direction to start heading north. “We’re trying to get to the one eleven,” Jacob reported over the radio. “Keep your eyes peeled.”
	Robert slowed the convoy to around fifty and spaced their formation twenty feet apart.  It didn’t take long for him to notice signs in the opposite lane directing him to it. “Next exit on the left.”
	Tom clicked his radio, “Captain, scout ahead for anything that might slow us down.” The helicopter bugged out, turning left along the roadway the convoy followed and rapidly flying ahead of them.  Rob led them along the slow curve in the interstate.  Once the road was straight, he let his foot fall on the gas again.
	Andrew called back almost immediately, “The roads are clear to Brawley, General.” The fifteen miles it took from El Centro to Brawley took ten minutes at these speeds.  Getting past Brawley was simple, as they were already away from town center when they turned east again.
	“We’re gonna need to stay on the 78,” Jacob said, “Keep your eyes peeled for the left.” It wasn’t more than a few miles that the convoy was bumper to bumper for a tight left to continue on the highway they needed to travel.
	Once again, the crowd was left in silence.  It was almost seventy miles to Blythe, their next juncture in the four hundred mile route.  There was nothing to do but look at the barren deserts that once made this state so beautiful.  Now it was just a painful reminder of the human race’s losses.  Every time one of them looked out the window, they could only think of death.
	After a bridge was crossed, Robert’s mentality shifted.  It was no longer about the nothingness in the desert.  He spotted power lines, which only meant one thing. “We’re approaching Blythe.  Vehicles one through three are pulling ahead to clear the route.  Four, five, cover either side of civilian transports.” Jacob moved into the center of the road, right on top of the double yellows so they could fit. “We’re about to hit Palo Verde and Ripley, keep your eyes peeled.”
	Derek watched with a weapon raised.  The small unincorporated town of Palo Verde came and passed without event.  The convoy could let out one easy breath.  Soon enough, they were gunning it through Ripley.  Right after that they’d be on hostile territory again.
	Sandra leaned up when she spotted something odd by the road adjacent to the river. “Stop!” she screamed and not a moment too early.  Robert slammed on the brakes as soon as he heard the word.  What appeared to be a stopped car on the side of the road in fact had a nasty surprise waiting for anyone who crossed the threshold.  A barrel of gasoline hidden in the back seat was set on a fuse and turned on when a trip-line was broken a quarter mile back.  Robert and the others ducked when a massive gas explosion sent the car flipping off the roadside and into the river.  The shockwave shattered Robert’s windshield but didn’t cause injury to any of the occupants.
	“Shit,” Rob looked over the dashboard, “How’d you know about that?”
	“I saw a car stopped right by the river into town.  It’s exactly what I would do.”
	“Good work.” Rob snatched his radio, “All units, be advised.  Blythe knows we’re coming, ready your weapons.” Rob punched the gas. “Falcon, take out the roadblocks leading into Arizona.”
	“Copy that,” one of the marines replied from the chopper, grabbing his assigned AT-4 launcher.  As the helicopter dropped to within fifty feet, flying along the Colorado river, a small amount of fire started to pepper around the aircraft.  It amplified as the chopper neared the bridge.  Both marines looked down and out through a target recticle as the helicopter slowed its speed if for only a moment.  Eyes locked on the three vehicles bumper to bumper in westbound lanes.  The gridlock of mass evacuation and panic effectively shut down any eastbound access.
	Both marines aimed their weapons and fired.  The missiles were direct impacts, sending the middle cars flying in a vibrant blaze of fire.  The cars on either side were pushed out of the middle of the road by proximity to the blasts.  Sure to check the effects, both sides were open wide enough for the convoy to get through without even needing to slow down. “Bridge is clear, Sergeant.”
	“Good,” Robert led the convoy onto the I-10. “Corbin, we just hit the ten.  We’re going to need covering fire getting through the city.”
	“Understood, we’re doubling back.” Corbin raced the Seahawk the seven miles before circling back.  It took less than a minute to be in optimal position. “Falcon is in position for gun run.” The marines in the fuselage jumped on the turret and mounted gun.
	“Goodbye, California.” He glanced at Derek.  Derek returned the same confident look.  Robert’s foot stomped on the gas pedal.  The Seahawk hovered above the lead vehicle as it accelerated.  While the road wasn’t like the strip, it was still highly exposed on flat land and was very confined to two lanes.  Not to mention security checkpoints were set up entering the city, and every mile further until beyond the border and Ehrenberg.  And those occupying Blythe were ready for a battle.
	Gunfire started to spray the road around the Silverado.  Robert lowered his stance in his seat.  Sandra and Kendall ducked as well, but Derek raised Robert’s M110 through the windshield.  He pulled the trigger once.  The recoil of the shot blasted his right shoulder for the first time in months.  He remembered the war he lived, the things he’d learnt.  Everything came back in a moment.  And the pain of killing struck him as soon as the shot made contact with the target’s stomach.  Derek shook the feeling out of his mind as it was no time to linger.  He turned to another combatant and fired again.
	Derek lowered the rifle after the first threat was extinguished.  He sent Robert a look.  For the first time, he felt guilty after pulling the trigger.  He accepted committing the capital of sins.  It was long since the first time he’d done such a thing.  And for the same reasons, to protect those he cared about.  But after visiting his afterlife and seeing all the souls he had ripped from this earth staring back at him, he admitted himself a sinner.  Derek closed his eyes, but soon enough felt the warmth of a hand caressing his arm.  His eyes wandered to the visor mirror.  It wasn’t Sandra, but someone beside Robert.  A person who wasn’t truly there. “You look in that mirror and see a murderer.  I see a man who can be redeemed for his crimes.” Derek heard her voice, but turned to the source of the warm embrace.  All he could see was Robert, not even close to extending an arm.
	Rob sent him a concerned look, “Good shooting, Derek.  But we’re not out of the woods yet.” His voice faded into echoes as hers returned.
	“They need you more than you’ll ever know.  You can be forgiven.  Walk the fine line between good and evil and don’t stray, otherwise you’ll be lost forever.” Derek’s eyes wandered, hoping to find Nicole’s face somewhere.  Her voice never returned, and the sounds of war returned.  Derek raised the rifle and started to fire concise shots downrange to the second and more occupied checkpoint near the geographical center of Blythe.
	The spinning guns above and the thousands of shells raining down kept parallel to the Silverado in the lead.  Derek had mastered the weapon he swore he’d never use again.  He’d taken down a half dozen insurgents in the mile gap.  But another problem confronted them and there was little time to correct  for it.
	Robert punched the gas pedal when he saw a second car being rolled in position to shut down the roadway. “Hold on!” Derek, Sandra, and Kendall never put their seatbelts on faster.  Rob concentrated through the harrowing gunfire and incessant roar of rotor blades.  He needed to hit the smallest center of mass if he had any hope of leading the convoy through the roadblock.  The truck veered for the trunk compartment of the smaller sedan.
	Upon impact, the grille took the brunt of it and tossed the sedan over the median.  Robert felt a slight bump if anything from the collision.  All four tires were intact and spinning fine in the aftermath.  Robert lost little if any acceleration and didn’t hesitate to pump the gas again.  Looming ahead the third of five roadblocks signaled the convoy was almost half way through the threshold.  Following the collapse of the first two, members of the enemy faction were starting to abandon their posts.
	The third checkpoint was easily passable.  Rising smoke at the border was now clearly visible in the sky.  A burning fire to give them that last little spark of hope.  Before anyone knew it, the fourth checkpoint was managed and the convoy was rolling over the Colorado.  All that remained in their way were a few burning carcasses of automobiles, and it was simple to drive around.
	A window of six minutes could have been six years.  But the brief glimpse in hell was over.  The journey to the border was finished, yet the journey to the outpost still had some surprises hidden up its sleeve.  But a brief few hours of peace were upon them as they vacated the barren deserts of California and drove into the dry wastelands of Arizona.
	Almost five hours later, Robert pulled the Silverado to a stop.  Derek was out of the truck, a sniper rifle aimed through the open window.  Walter’s humvee was only a few steps behind, and Chad was pulling in opposite.  Ten soldiers disembarked from their vehicles and spread out along the fencing.  Robert drew his pistol before leaving the safety of his door cover.  He slowly approached on a cautious heading.  It wasn’t long before he found the gate chained and padlocked. “Somebody’s here.”
	Walter cleared his throat, “Keep your eyes peeled, Nova.”
	Robert fiddled with the padlock before his eyes wandered to the top of the fence.  He briefly considered scaling it, but the barbed wire made him hesitant to attempt it. “I’d rather not put a hole in the fence if something followed us here.”
	“We’ve got cutters if you want to get around the barbed wire.” Chad said.
	Robert smirked, “Doesn’t surprise me none of you are volunteering.”
	“It’s because you’ve cheated death enough times for everybody here,” Derek replied.
	Robert looked up at the fence again.  He wasn’t one for heights or making himself a painted target on unfamiliar territory.  But they weren’t going anywhere but backwards standing here. “Okay,” Rob holstered the handgun and started to ascend the fence.  Chad retreated from his crouch position to the humvee.  It only took a minute for him to find the pair of bolt cutters among the supplies of food, water bottles, and ammo boxes.  By the time he reached the fence, Rob was at the top with a free hand.  Chad tossed it up, and Rob snatched it out of the air with ease.
	After cutting the three wires and forming a hole, Robert slipped through and descended through the other side. “We’ve got you covered, Sergeant.” Walter replied.
	Rob nodded, but still wanted a keener eye on his surroundings. “Jake, you got eyes on?”
	“Affirmative,” Jacob answered.  Robert drew his handgun again and started toward the metal detectors and doors a hundred meters away.  The vast opening of concrete ground spanning the entirety of the complex made Robert’s skin rise.  Though the facility didn’t have any windows, he still felt like he was being watched by someone.  Rob kicked his speed up to a jog, the pistol still firmly aimed for the doors.
	Without warning, the double doors swung open.  Robert froze and dropped to a knee.  His pulse was racing.  Not only was the door open, but he couldn’t see what opened it or why.  The sinking sun on the west horizon made his visibility lower.  From twenty feet away, Robert cleared his throat. “Show yourself!” At first, nothing happened. “Jake, do you see anything?”
	“I don’t see anything through the FLIR.  Those doors may be automatic.”
	“Someone’s watching me.” Robert let his doubt clear.  Just thinking about Nicole gave him the incentive to take the risk. “I’m going in.”
	“Are you sure?”
	“Yeah,” Robert rose to a stand.  He slowly walked with his weapon aimed chest level through the black doorway.  Every step didn’t go on faith, hope, or courage.  Robert had no reason to put his life on the line, he was simply a shade away from suicidal.  He knew he had an objective to complete, and she’d be guiding him every moment.  As he walked, he briefly looked to the heavens, “You got my back, Nikki?” She didn’t answer all the time, but Robert knew she was there.
	Jacob kept his eye focused on infrared scope attached to his rifle.  With the rifle mounted on the dashboard, the Marine conveniently leaned back in and had a perfect position.  Suddenly a shimmer of white glared into the lens. “Bobby, I’ve got movement.” Robert froze where he stood. “Two people are running toward you.”
	Robert sprinted for the security checkpoint and ducked behind it, “Are they armed?” He asked.
	“Holstered.” Robert heard their footfalls as they came closer. “Looks like they were hoping for some company.”
	Robert’s eye peered around as two kids no older than twenty sprinted out the doors waving their hands and yelling.  Robert assured they weren’t carrying before approaching with his gun pointed to the ground. “Who are you?”
	The blonde male standing at 6’1” extended a hand. “We’re what’s left.” Robert took his right hand off the pistol to accept the handshake. “I’m Kevin, this is Sarah.” Sarah thrust her hand forward next with a wide smile.  She was almost a foot shorter with black hair and green eyes.
	“Are there any more inside?”
	Kevin nodded, “There’s three others.”
	“Three?” Rob asked.
	“Used to be sixteen.”
	Robert holstered his weapon. “I hate to inform you, we’re not exactly here to save anybody.  We need ammo and we’re out of options.”
	“You’re not going to find much ammo here.  This was only a manufacturing plant.  There’s maybe five hundred bullets altogether in test rounds.  There were thousands, but we had to spend them on the population when it came too close.”
	Walter keyed up, “Bobby, could you ask them to open the door for us?”
	Robert rolled his eyes and took out the earpiece. “My people are scared.  We’ve been on the road all day.  The whole route from San Diego to here was tolling.  I’d feel better knowing they’re on the inside of those gates.”
	“I hope you don’t plan to eat up all our resources.”
	“Don’t worry about that.  We’ve got food and water for ourselves.  We’ll only be here until sunrise.  You know how it is, fighting these things in the middle of the night.”
	Kevin nodded. “Yeah,” He collected a pair of keys from his belt and started for the gate.  Sarah and Robert accompanied him the walk back. “So San Diego, is that where you hail from?”
	“I’m originally from Tampa, but I was living up past Payson when the virus was released.”
	“I suppose you’re on your way back, then.” Kevin found the key to open the lock.  He didn’t mind the hole in the barbed wire, as it was nothing a zombie could take advantage of.  And there were few if any people still alive in this region.
	Rob nodded, “I’ve got a score to settle.  We were hoping this detour would give us something we could use.”
	“This facility is far from being able to support a war.  To be honest, I’m surprised those test rounds lasted us this long.”
	Robert unclipped his radio.  Despite the fact that he’d be face to face with his cohort in a matter of steps, this was urgent news that needed to be spread to the collective quickly. “This firearms plant will not suffice for a source of ammunition.  Objective failed.”
	Jacob nodded his head gently, “I guess we should have seen this coming.”
	Brooke glanced over at him with a perplexed look, “You don’t sound surprised.”
	“I had my suspicions that this wouldn’t pan out, but I didn’t have any ideas to throw out.  I’d rather put my money on a horse with a broken leg than one that won’t show up at all.”
	“Do you have any solution in mind?”
	“Aside from going into town and raiding every gun store and pawn shop from Montezuma to Glassford, no.” Jacob rose to a stand and collected his rifle.  He saw the gate being opened. “Might as well introduce ourselves.  We aren’t in a hurry to leave.”

Day 771
Infestation

	The first night out of California felt to some like an adventure.  In truth, the entirety of their endeavor was a journey unto its own.  Survival wasn’t as easy as some believed.  It was only out of the struggle and the strength of an unlikely family that they were all still here.  Jacob took another puff from his last cigarette.  It wasn’t the first time and it was far from the last.  With a night vision scope peeled over his right eye, he took another peek through the scope of his M200.
	“Shit,” he swore silently.  A thin glow of gold caught his eye on the distant horizon.  The outline of a single figure stumbled forward, eyes focused straight back at him.  He shrugged at first, “One more for the record books.” Jake injected a bullet into the chamber and unclipped his radio. “All personnel, I’ve spotted a walker coming from Chino.  I’m gonna take the shot.”
	“Copy,” Robert replied.
	The bullet fired, and across the space of a half mile the body slumped forward with a shattered skull. “That puts me one up over you, Bobby.”
	“Yeah,” Robert answered sarcastically, “it won’t take long for me to take the lead again.”
	Jacob took his last drag and stomped the cigarette out.  He chuckled before looking through the scope to see his kill. “What the hell?” The gold aura seemed to triple in an instant.  He was looking back at four silhouettes in the distance.  And stepping over the horizon were more heads rising. “We may have a problem.”
	“What’s that supposed to mean?” Walter asked.
	“Count at least a dozen more heading straight toward us.”
	Zack was perplexed, “How did they find us?”
	Robert grunted. “We set a chopper down in the complex.  Corpses can hear that for miles on this kind of terrain.”
	Jacob gulped, “I count more than thirty.” He scanned the other horizon, where another fluorescent glow caught his attention.  A quick scan through the scope, “And twenty more coming from PV.”
	“They’re coming at us from all sides,” Derek said.
	“Lock and load, we’re in for a long night.” Jacob loaded another shot and started to empty his clip.
	Robert alongside more than a dozen uniformed soldiers appeared from the factory.  Bobby’s initial instinct was to grab two assembled pistols from a nearby rack.  He shoved loaded magazines in each one, “Headshots only.”
	“We need to wait for them to get closer.”
	Rob collected his M110. “Jake and I will take down as many as we can from a distance.  Corbin?”
	“Yeah?” The pilot asked, as he prepared his MP5.
	“How much gas we got left in the bird?”
	The pilot considered it briefly, “Twenty to thirty minutes.”
	“Jake, what’s the count?”
	“It’s a riot out here.”
	“Numbers?”
	“Lost count hours ago, Bobby.”
	Robert looked at Derek, then at his daughter. “Maybe we should prioritize getting the kids out of town.”
	Sandra tilted her head, “I hope you’re not talking about me.”
	“I’m talking about anybody we consider a priority.”
	“I’m not going anywhere.”
	Derek’s brow furrowed, “Where would we evacuate them to, Rob?  This whole area is infected.”
	Rob sighed, “Alright, then everybody’s gotta have a gun.”
	The radio flared up, “Could I get some fucking help up here?” Jacob yelled. “We’re surrounded.  I see them coming from Prescott too.”
	Robert sprinted up to the rooftop with his M110 loaded.  He took a few steps out the door before letting off a single round.  But one bullet was a fraction of a percent in this weather. “Did you miss me?” Rob asked sarcastically.
	Jacob shook his head, “It’s like waiting on a woman with you.”
	“I’ll cover east if you’ve got west.”
	“Whatever you say, sweetheart.” Jacob rushed to the west side of the building and took a knee.  The rest of his clip dispersed with incomparable accuracy, some bullets having an effective kill shot on two enemies. “We need troops on the ground or they’re going to topple the fence.”
	Within a moment of his request, fatigues were scattering out of the facility and quickly running for the gate.  Walter sent his men in varying directions. “Fan out, cover the perimeter!  Report when you’re low on ammo!”
	Tom was issuing similar orders to his team. “Watch the south and west sides!  I don’t know about you, but I ain’t interested in a fist-fuck in our assholes!” Four marines screamed hoo-ah in response.
	“We’ll need to let them get closer!  Save your ammunition for targets you know you can hit!”
	Rob and Jacob were the only ones counting up as the distance dropped below five hundred yards.  They were making a mark, but the crowds weren’t slowing.  A flood of bodies, slow and unmethodical, all marching to an undead fall.  The only question, is whether they were going down alone, or if they would bring the living with them. “How much you got left?”
	“A few clips,” Rob answered.
	Jacob sighed. “So much for rearming.”
	As the distance closed to three hundred yards, pops from automatic rifles joined the fire.  While the outpost held its own against a few hundred zombies in the past, they didn’t have the superior training or numbers from Nova Three platoon or San Diego’s marines.  But the added firepower would be tested, for this contingent of undead was exponentially larger.  And unlike San Diego, there was nowhere to retreat when the walls were toppled.  They were surrounded and only had the benefit of a single gate and thick walls in which to close themselves off.
	It had only been a few minutes since the zombies walked within firing range.  At least two hundred had been dropped.  The distance was thinning, however.  The undead reached one hundred feet on two sides.  Walter rose to a stand, “Hold your ground!” He stepped toward Tom, who was also issuing his own commands. “What do you think, General?”
	“We may not have the munitions to fight these bastards off.” Tom whispered in Walt’s ear. “We need to get these people out of here.” Walt nodded, but was taken off guard to see a dozen more people stepping out of the building with handguns and long rifles. “What the hell is this?” Tom asked.
	Walter smirked, seeing Savannah, Melanie, and even Brooke among those armed to the teeth. “That would be the outpost, sir.”
	Zack stopped at their side, “Requesting permission to join the fight.”
	“Be our guest, soldier.” Walter answered. “Somebody looking after the kid?”
	Zack nodded. “Angela’s watching him.”
	“West end’s taking more heat,” Tom reported, “put some of your shooters over there.”
	Zack nodded, and immediately sprinted back toward the others.  Walter sighed, “You think it’s going to be enough?”
	“We can hope, but I’m pessimistic today.”
	The kill count rose a fraction from the added firepower.  At least forty guns to fight off an infection bordering a thousand with the monsters still carrying potential for growth.  But as the distance closed, the gunfire intensified.  Closer targets were easier to hit accurately, and the undead seemed to have reached their limit.  A break came after the kill count toppled five hundred.  The outpost found themselves a gap of twenty feet of breathing room.
	Jacob glanced down at his cache to find it running short. “Damn it, Bobby!  It’s gonna be a boring flight if I run out of ammo!”
	Robert shook his head in irritation, “Never thought I’d hear a leatherneck bitch like you!”
	“What’s your status?”
	“Almost empty,” Rob answered. “What’s your take?”
	“We might as well start a campfire and share horror stories at this rate!”
	Walter walked along his unit of shooters, everyone on a knee and firing in single shots. “We trained every day for combat with the living,” he yelled across the plane, “so walking corpses shouldn’t be too hard, huh?”
	Chad tapped a magazine on his helmet to see if it read empty, “Shit, I’m running low.”
	“Try to aim before you shoot, Crawford.”
	“Roger that, Pops.” Chad replied sardonically.
	A few meters away, Lexie ceased from firing as she thought about it.  Fort Carson may have gone down just like this.  Who were ones to say they were spared where others weren’t.  Luke looked over at Lexie, “My dad probably died in the same footsteps as us.  I’m not going for a repeat in history.” He peered down the sights of his firearm and popped off four methodical shots.
	Lexie let the words process.  Her mind drifted to Farad’s last moments, where he killed himself to spare the many.  So that others may live.  Lexie peered down her sights, turning the grief into hate. “This is for you, Sergeant.” Her finger tapped the trigger, sending a bullet through a walker’s eye socket.
	Another five hundred shots were expelled in the next few minutes.  While accuracy was spot on amongst all but a select few shooters, the undead still had a vicious punch to pack.  Ammunition had become an issue for many.  What ammo once set aside for the confrontation with the outpost was now being distributed amongst soldiers.  Jacob growled, then pulled a fresh pack of smokes from his satchel.  Robert saw him collect it. “Where do you keep finding cigarettes?”
	“I’m a magical being, Bobby.  I smoke so much, I’m gifted with tobacco.”
	“Zack would envy your gift.  Got one to spare?” Robert kicked out the old magazine and rushed to the other side of the roof.  By this time, Jacob had lit his own and drawn another.  Rob snatched it and sparked a match in cupped hands.
	Jacob looked up at him, “So, did Nicole mention if we were gonna get out of this alive?”
	“Nikki’s never been one to spoil the surprises.”
	“Well once I get there you’ll be getting your palm read twice a week.”
	Rob looked at the advancing crowds.  The eastern contingent was gone save a few stragglers.  Yet the combined strength of the two others remained sufficient to strain the gates.  And the beasts were at the gates now.  Despite headshots to dozens of them, the fence started to creak from combined pressure.
	The fire teams backed away from the fence when it began to give in.  Many stopped firing, as they already knew the pending result.  Walter clenched his teeth. “Shit.” The aluminum and metal poles gave in through the combined pressure of undead weight and walkers forcing their weight to the people on the other side.  Running more than a hundred feet, the hole in their perimeter looked more like a dam shattering.
	“Our perimeter is breached,” Tom walked steadily alongside the soldiers who continued to fire after the fence fell. “Volunteers,” he focused on Zack and the others, “get inside and barricade the doors.”
	“What about you?” Brooke asked.
	Tom smirked, “Ma’am, we’re trained for this.  We’ll be back in less than an hour.”
	Walter gave Tom an odd look, “Any idea what we’re doing.”
	The collective started to jog, walk, or backpedal while firing on the advancing crowd.  There was no need to panic just yet.  They had more than twenty feet of space and two snipers providing cover fire.  Tom clicked his teeth, “Just one.  But it might work a little too well.” The marines assured Zack, Brooke, Savannah, and the others armed with little more than .22s got safely back inside. “Jacob,” Tom called.
	“Yes, General?” Jacob answered.  He took another puff and sat down against the wall.
	“You have eyes on the airport?”
	Jacob spun his vision around through the scope. “That’s affirmative.”
	“I need something that’ll make a big bang.”
	“All due respect, General, didn’t the noise send these guys to our doorstep?”
	“Yeah, and I see more of them creeping up over the horizon to our south.  That’s why I need something big.  Turn their eyes away from us, even if it’s only a quarter mile.”
	Jacob peered across the airport with a night vision enhancer behind the scope. “I’m not seeing much.” He said as he scanned the tarmac. “A couple of Cessnas, but--  Ooh!”
	Tom stopped in his tracks. “Yes?”
	“There’s a 737 toward the northeast end of the runway.”
	“I’ve never heard of a 737 in this town.” Rob said when Jacob got off.
	“Airliners don’t stop at small cities.  It was probably sent here as part of an evacuation.”
	Rob scanned the surroundings of the plane. “I can see why it didn’t get off the ground.  The plague was already here.” Bodies lined the ground around the plane.
	“That’ll work perfect,” Tom replied.
	Walt walked alongside him, “You got the fuse to light some fireworks?”
	Tom smirked, “I brought the fourth of July special selection.  You think I’d leave a stockpile of explosives to rot at Pendleton.” He popped the trunk of the humvee and showed exactly that, a stockpile.  Remote explosives, AP mines, grenades, everything they could ask for. “I wish we could take the plane for a spin, then jump out and watch it crash into this mob of dead flesh.”
	“Oh, the fantasies we’ll never live,” Walter chuckled. “Mount up, we’re going to the airport!”
	Jake and Robert fixed silencers and proceeded to pick off stragglers in the airport.  They needed things to go off smooth if they were to outlive this and still have ammunition sufficient to win the war at the end of this road.  They watched carefully as six humvees drove down the highway toward the airport.  A hard left lurched them onto a street adjacent to the approaching runway.
	“No mistakes, marines!” Tom ordered through the mike.  He twisted the wheel, leading the convoy toward the chain-link fence surrounding the airport.  The simple fence broke loose with the sudden impact of a fully loaded truck.  Free of any obstacles, Tom steered onto the runway and punched the gas.  The rest of the convoy was close in pursuit.  They were ready for anything to go awry.
	“General, you’ve got walkers coming in east of the plane.”
	“Can you cover us?”
	“Not for long, that mob’s only getting bigger.”
	“Do what you can from there,” Walter replied, “we’ll take care of the rest.”
	The six humvees stopped in a line alongside the plane, one parked under the wing.  At once, the combined marines and army soldiers jumped out of their seats or manned the roof guns.  A flesh mob upwards of fifty strong was pushing hard from the east, less than twenty feet away.  The snipers were accurate, but didn’t have the resources to handle such a large force.  Those on the ground made up in superior firepower.  But the mob didn’t show any signs of discourage.  Another hundred sets of eyes were staring them down from the edge of the airport’s toppled fencing.  By this time the massive conglomerate to the southwest had cut off their method of entry.
	Chad sprinted to the opposite wing of the plane that was in position for immediate liftoff.  He planted and taped a demolition charge to the right jet turbine and rejoined the fight.  Walter was at the nose of the plane fitting another.  Tom and Sam applied charges to the underbelly and the left engine respectively.  Then came the hard part. “Stand your ground until their sniffing our asses!” Tom yelled.  He fired a burst into the air, “Come here you flesh-ridden, motherless pricks!”
	“Don’t think they can understand you, General,” Trevor said sarcastically.
	“Good, then they won’t run away!”
	The military set up their line with emphasis on the crowd pushing from the east.  The army to the south still had more than a mile of runway to traverse before they’d be considered a threat.
	Jacob and Robert continued to let off precision fire while the soldiers waited and checked their fire. “What the hell are they doing?” Rob asked.
	“Waiting until the dead get closer.” Jake removed his rifle from the bipod on the edge of the roof. “Save your ammo, we’re going to need it in a few days.” Jake hit the radio, “Sharpshooters dry, General, you’re on your own.”
	“Copy that, Major, we’ll be alright.  Is the firearms complex clear?”
	“A few with broken ankles who couldn’t keep up with the crowd, nothing we can’t handle before you get back.” Jacob stepped away from the roof edge.  He put out the cigarette, relieved the turn of events came to their benefit. “You ready for some fireworks?”
	Robert chuckled and turned away from the field of battle popping off almost a mile away.  His vision drifted to the south, where his eyes caught something foul.  Rob lifted the scope to his eye. “Jacob, it’s not too late in the morning, is it?”
	Jacob checked his watch, “It’s not even four.” He glanced to the south, where Robert’s gaze was drawn. “And the sun doesn’t rise to the south.” Jake unclipped his radio. “General, we’ve got a problem?”
	“They’re almost on our doorstep, Jacob, we’re about to leave.”
	“There’s more of them coming,” Jacob bluntly said.
	“How many more?”
	“The south horizon looks like it’s on fire.”
	Robert slid the night vision enhancement in front of his scope, and his jaw fell. “Oh, my God.  I can’t even count, there must be thousands.” True to his eyes, the entire southern plane was infested with reanimated bodies.  The golden burn in their eyes lighting up the sky in the distance.  No end appeased their eyes this morning.
	Jacob kept his head despite an innumerable foe, “Tom, we don’t have an approximate number, but it may very well be several thousand.”
	Chad and Mike let off the trigger and stared at each other in shock.  The look on Walter’s face read every one of his worst fears.  Even Tom felt the slide of horror rushing up his spine.  Tom shook his head to clear his thoughts. “Understood.  Jacob, you need to get the civilians out of the area.”
	“And go where?” Jacob replied instantly.
	“Go to Chino, they aren’t coming from there.”
	Jacob jumped to his feet, his hand on his earpiece. “What are you going to do?”
	“Walt,” Tom turned, “peel off a squad to help get those civvies out of dodge.  My marines are going to draw these bastards north to throw them off.”
	Walter nodded, “Crawford, take your squad and get the kids out of here!”
	“McKown, Bowman, Walsh, mount up!” Chad called out, “Double time!” The squad of four jumped into their humvee and slipped out of the convoy.  Chad jumped on the radio in that instant, “Jacob, it’s Chad, we’re en route to provide some cover fire while you load up the civilians.  Make it quick, those things are getting faster.” Chad leaned out of the passenger window with his pistol drawn and began to fire on the crowd they were approaching.
	Jacob had everyone running for the RV, trucks, or SUVs in the column in an orderly fashion.  They had some hostility to face, as a couple dozen undead were still wandering aimlessly in the firearms complex. “Copy that, we’ll be mobile in less than sixty seconds.”
	Robert took a knee while the passengers filled up the cars.  As the engines turned over, he directed his attention to the Seahawk.  Andrew, Gustavo, and Miguel were onboard waiting for the rotors to spin up.  Rob turned to see Derek and Sandra, the last in the pack approaching their vehicles. “Derek,” Rob extended an arm and put it on Derek’s shoulder. “You take care of them.”
	“What are you gonna do?” Derek wrapped his hand around Rob’s arm.  He didn’t want him running off trying to be a hero.
	“I’m doing what’s necessary for us to survive.  Make sure everybody makes it out of here in one piece, brother.”
	Derek tried to stop Rob, “You don’t have to do this!”
	“Yes, I do.  I’m responsible for saving these people as much as you are.  This is how it has to be.” Rob slipped out of Derek’s grasp and sprinted for the helicopter.  Derek stood there for a moment in dissatisfaction, watching Rob jump into the chopper moments before it lifted off.
	“Falcon is airborne,” Gustavo reported over the radio.
	“The rotors will be a homing beacon after the bomb goes off.  Marines, roll out!” Tom had reached the threshold.  The zombies entered their circle of ten feet, which forced an immediate retreat.  Some of the marines had barely closed the door shut before an undead hand was slapping against the windows.  Tom gunned the gas of the lead humvee.  The others were quick to follow, and none were trapped by the mass of walkers.  Tom clicked the radio, “Falcon, tell me when the flesh is marinated and ready for the barbeque.”
	Rob slid his eye behind the scope.  While the chopper ascended and gained speed to circle the airport, Rob strapped himself in for a bumpy ride.  His eye focused on the airplane, in which zombies were passing under like floodwaters hitting immovable rocks.  The center of the mass was closing in quick, but the field of undead never seemed to end.  The infected populace of the surrounding cities were hunting for them. “Hit it,” Rob ordered once the undead had surrounded the aircraft.
	The darkness of night brightened by a crescent moon and stars shining through the clouds momentarily turned to the white of the sun.  Rolling flames spanned a hundred feet around the plane.  Mixed with jet fuel, the series of explosions amplified tenfold.  The resulting shockwave spanned five hundred feet from ground zero.  Undead within the first twenty meters were vaporized in the moment.  Hundreds more were close enough to lose limbs or be set on fire.  The ground momentarily stopped moving as the shockwave sent the conglomerate falling down.
	While the explosion was devastating, it was hardly enough to stop the undead.  Within a minute, zombies more than a hundred feet away stumbled to their feet.  The flames following the massive explosion seemed to reach the atmosphere. “We may as well have shot a flare into the sky for the world to see.”
	Tom looked back at the inferno behind them.  He pulled the lead humvee to a stop. “Was that good enough?”
	“Not even close.” Robert answered.  The zombies could only truly be stopped by head trauma.  Explosions worked well to make anything within proximity disappear, but zombies could continue without limbs or engulfed in flames until they burned up.  Nothing came to their aid on this unfortunate night.  Rob looked back at the humvee escorting the civilian convoy into Chino, “Everything okay down there, Chad?”
	“We’re away from the war zone.”
	“Good, keep going and find somewhere in the wild to bunk down for the night.  We’ll find you in the morning.”
	“Copy that,” Chad hung up the phone, his heart still racing.  They’d narrowly escaped a threat incomparable to any they had faced before.  Few had ever seen so many zombies in a single field of combat.  While Los Angeles was hell, the infection had spread and wasn’t compacted in a few street blocks.  Here the complete opposite was in effect, to the point that undead were tripping over one another.
	“Tom,” Robert requested, “where are you going?”
	“We’ll keep pushing north until we’re out of their range.  Recommend the bird does the same.”
	Andrew nodded, “We’re making the most noise, that’s the logical choice.”
	Rob keyed up again, “You sure you guys are gonna be alright?”
	“We’re out of the frying pan, and I don’t see any zombies up ahead that could cut us off.  We’ll make it through.”
	“Roger that.” Robert retrieved three grenades from his satchel. “Captain, get us twenty feet over the crowd.”
	“What’d you have in mind, Sergeant?”
	“It’s not much, but we need to keep the undead from turning east.  I’m going to drop a few bombs on them.” Andrew moved into position for Robert to release his ordnance.  One by one, the concussive blasts made shockwaves in the masses that knocked a dozen or so off their feet.  A select few were subject to limbs being ripped off, but few were killed.  It was truly a last resort to slow some of them down.  Rob leaned back into the bird, “Bear north.” The Seahawk’s nose dipped forward, and soon it was throttling forward.  Five pairs of headlights burned ahead of them briefly before the bird raced forward. “Good luck down there.”

Day 772
An Old Place I Remember

	The wilderness of Chino Valley was paradise faced with the rest of the state.  Some of the last few places where human intervention hadn’t destroyed the beauty of nature.  The convoy was parked three miles down a road straight into nowhere.  The surrounding gleamed the gold of a desert, but some hints of forestation proved this was not the desert they were used to.  Derek stared blindly through the windshield of the RV yet again. “Any word?”
	“Negative,” Jacob replied.  He leaned back in the driver’s seat, fingers interlaced with his hands cupped behind his head.
	“Are you starting to worry?”
	Jacob hesitated, “Do you want me to say something that’ll put you at ease, or do you want the truth?”
	Derek clenched his teeth.  He hated to think his cousin could have put himself in the middle of this. “The helicopter needed to set down somewhere, otherwise they would have ran out of fuel.  And since Love field wasn’t an option, they didn’t have many places to choose from.”
	Jacob glanced at his wristwatch.  The time was bordering eleven of the next morning.  They’d made it this far from San Diego before dusk.  Considering they only had a skeleton crew of their full fighting force, the option to go forward wasn’t possible.  But would it be any bit easier to go backwards and return to San Diego? “Whatever the case may be, we’re sitting ducks out here.”
	“Good thing were in the middle of nowhere.”
	Jacob keyed up the radio, “Fireteams Alpha through Foxtrot, this is the outpost, do you copy?  I repeat, fire teams Alpha through Foxtrot, this is the outpost.  We are clear of the undead.  I’ll report our exact location one time, and we’ll only be here for another ten minutes.” Jacob cleared his throat. “Thirty four degrees, forty six minutes north by one hundred twelve degrees, twenty three minutes west.”
	No reply came through.  Many were beginning to think the worst.  Brooke set her palm over her eyes to hide the tears.  Bobby went out trying to save them, and he’d been gone for almost twelve hours.  The zombies were everywhere, and the blades of a helicopter would send them in a beeline.  They could have been waiting all this time for people who were either dead or turned into those monsters.
	Zack sat alongside Savannah.  Though the girl tried to act busy putting Abel to sleep, Zack could see the demoralized look in her eyes.  Zack wrapped his hand around her and squeezed himself closer. “What’s wrong?”
	“We can’t do this without Bobby.” Savannah whispered.
	Zack shook his head, “No, that’s why were waiting for him.”
	Savannah clenched her teeth, “You don’t understand.  He’s--”
	“He’s on his way back now,” Zack lied.
	“How can you be sure?” Her eyes were watering.
	Zack looked deep into her eyes, and then wrapped one of his hands around hers. “Faith.”
	“I’ve been praying for them all night, but we need to be realistic.”
	Jacob stepped out of his seat and walked toward the back of the RV. “We’re leaving soon…with or without them.” Jacob clicked his jaw, “This was the last thing I’d hoped for, but we can’t wait indefinitely if they don’t come back.  For now we’re on our own, and there’s still a dilemma that needs to be handled.  Where are we going?”
	“We don’t have the men to fight for the outpost.” Derek said immediately.
	Jacob nodded, “We don’t have the arms to fight our way back to San Diego, either.”
	“I hear Alaska’s nice,” Savannah suggested.
	“Too far,” Jacob replied.
	“Mexico?” Zack considered.
	“Too hot,” Jacob shot back.  The crowd grew eerily silent.  Nobody had any idea what they were going to do now that their armament had been reduced by eighty percent.  Fuel was hard enough to come by two years later, as bandits had taken advantage of near every stopped car on the roads.  Food was even more of a struggle considering they couldn’t stay in transit and plant crops, and their supplies were limited at best.
	“This place is quiet,” Brooke stated, hiding her grief. “Maybe we could stay here.”
	“I just sent our coordinates to anyone in the area who may have comms.  We’re going somewhere, west or east, but it isn’t my decision to make without unanimous support.” Jacob stopped for a moment, “In my own opinion, I’d say we keep following this road west.  Fifteen to twenty miles up is something I truly consider the middle of nowhere.”
	“Where?”
	“Perkinsville.  A long shot off from any population, used to be a railroad town back in the fifties.  I haven’t seen it in more than ten years.  That would be complete isolation from the undead.”
	“How do you know somebody isn’t there already?”
	Jacob shook his head, “I don’t.  But we’re out of options.  And we’ve got four minutes to make up our minds.”
	Derek shook his head, “I’m not going to abandon my cousin.”
	“Derek, I’m sorry.  But he did everything he could for us.  They all did what they could.  We’re the pieces left behind, we need to start over somewhere.”
	Brooke sighed, “I can’t accept that.”
	“Sooner or later, we’re going to have to.” Jacob stepped out of the RV. “We’re moving out in three,” he reported to the passengers.  As soon as he closed the door, he growled, “Damn it.” Even staying here ten minutes after giving out their exact latitude and longitude could get them all killed.  They should have been long gone by now.  The schedule was set so that they’d be on the outpost’s doorstep six hours ago.  The undead had a knack for drastically changing the circumstances.
	Jacob lit another cigarette, ignorant to the fact he’d been chain smoking since he woke up this morning and only had a couple left from the pack he scavenged last night.  The marine leaned against the RV, his eyes looking for anything that moved on the horizon.  A thump of chopping wind put his head on a swivel.  Jacob left his position against the RV as curiosity led him toward the source of the sound.  He circled around the front of the RV, where his eyes soon laid upon the Seahawk gunning it toward them at full speed.
	The radio keyed up, “Sorry we’re late to the party, Major.”
	Jacob raised a hand to wave, “I don’t know how you always keep me on the edge of my seat, Bobby.” The chopper circled around to find a suitable landing zone.  Of course, surrounded by sand with little to no brush or rocky terrain, almost anywhere was suitable. “Where are the others?”
	“Securing a staging area outside of Camp Verde.” Corbin answered.
	The helicopter hit the ground and Robert immediately jumped out.  The two pilots and door gunners stayed right where they were, however, and the bird rose into the sky as quickly as it touched the ground.  Robert extended a hand to Jacob, but Jacob preferred to embrace Robert. “You scared the shit out of us, Bobby.  What happened last night?”
	Robert tilted his head, “As many zombies as we saw from the air, there was no way we could get rid of them.  They’d constantly be following the helicopter.  Corbin flew us out to Sedona, it was the closest place to fuel up.  We would have set down in Verde for the night, but we had to make a new plan as soon as we saw it.”
	“What’s wrong with Verde?”
	“It’s a dead city.  Walkers fill every crack on every strip of blacktop in that valley.”
	Zack had been eavesdropping, “How are we getting through Camp Verde if it’s dead?”
	“Brute force,” Robert answered. “Tom and Walt are getting ready for a surgical operation to get through the mess, but the convoy needs to be ready to fit through this window.” Robert stepped into the RV, “we also haven’t answered a question I’m sure most of us have been asking all night.” He looked at Kevin, Sarah, and the other three new faces in the group. “Are you going to stay here or come with us?”
	Kevin had an arm wrapped around Sarah, who was still half asleep.  He looked back at Rob. “The five of us have been struggling from day one.  We’re constantly worried about being overrun, betrayed by man, or punished by God for surviving committing the unforgivable sin thousands of times.  I want a fresh start, but I don’t want to be a burden.”
	“You wouldn’t be a burden, Kevin.  Jacob ran into us two weeks after the virus, and he’s been nothing but help.  We didn’t meet Troy, Gustavo, or Cassie for another year, and now we’ve got an extra pilot and a truck that can make near anywhere accessible.  This is the human race, we’re hardwired to care about our people.” That was as good an answer as any for Robert, and he basically answered it himself.
	Brooke walked from the front of the RV to where Robert was standing and wrapped her arms around him.  Robert returned the hug.  He didn’t notice she was in tears until she spoke. “I was so worried.”
	“I was never going anywhere.” Robert brushed her hair and smiled wide at her.  He unclipped his radio, “Corbin, establish radio contact with platoon one, let them know we’re on our way.”
	“Affirmative Sergeant, once I’ve raised platoon one, I’ll hone in on you.  Shouldn’t be more than twenty minutes.” Corbin tilted the stick and tapped the throttle, lifting the chopper into the air and toward the distant horizon.
	Rob took a seat in one of the benches of the RV. “Jake, do you mind if I hitch a ride back to the facility?  I’m not gonna leave my Chevy behind.”
	Jacob chuckled as he stepped back into the driver’s seat. “I think I owe you one free ride, Sergeant.” Every engine in the convoy turned over and made the u-turn back toward their original destination.  Jacob let out a deep sigh of relief as he led them out of the coordinates he’d sent only a few minutes ago.
	Tom stood off the side of the interstate.  His platoon was spread across a mile and a half of the I-17.  The best sharpshooters of San Diego’s marines, Sergeant Colin Wright and PFC Eddie Watson stared through the scopes of an M110 and M14 courtesy of the marines’ armory in San Diego.  Both couldn’t stop the hair on their backs from rising.  The number of undead were exponential, possibly the entire population of the city sprawled throughout every street.
	Walter checked his wristwatch for the tenth time.  Things were getting risky now that the group was separated.  The communications were limited to a few miles, but luckily the helicopter traveled fast.  It didn’t change the fact they were waiting in the unknown wild only two miles away from another massive infestation. “I’d hate to think they’re missing us right now.”
	Tom clicked his teeth.  His arms were crossed and he had a dead stare on the objective at hand.  An army of dead that was as little as half of the flood of decayed corpses the outpost narrowly avoided last night.  But clustered in a few square miles, it may well have appeared as the same crowd they just fought off. “We need that big rig if we want any chance of punching a hole.”
	“We could just start shooting,” Scott shrugged humorously. “We’ve got enough rounds to handle most of them, if we want to fight with sticks and stones when we get to the outpost.”
	Walter chuckled, “That militia is still going to be carrying rifles and rocket launchers.”
	“Is there another way around?” Watson asked.
	Walter shook his head. “Forest Lakes is ninety miles from here.  The closest detour is through Flagstaff, that’s an extra hundred miles we can’t hope is clear.  Route 66 is a frozen highway.  And nobody wants to go back to the valley after our last visit.”
	“This isn’t the smartest idea,” Tom grunted, “but we don’t have an alternative.  There were going to be roadblocks no matter which way we traveled.”
	A low thump caught Walter’s ear.  He glanced back to the west where he expected the source to be coming from.  Sure enough, a black spot on the horizon was zooming closer. “Able through Nova,” Andrew called in, the sound of static and frequency distorting some of the words, “Falcon is entering the airspace, over.”
	“Copy that Falcon,” Walt raised a hand, “we see you.  Did you find them?”
	“That’s affirmative.” The helicopter flew a hundred feet over the sprawled out platoon of combined forces, using the road as a guideline to the front of the pack. “They’re on their way, ETA forty minutes to an hour.”
	Walter sighed, “It’s a good thing we cleared that road up ahead of time.”
	Robert jumped back into the pilot seat of his Silverado.  A split second behind, Kendall swung open the door.  Sandra and Derek hopped in the bed.  Robert punched the gas.  As they were pulling out Derek spotted a walker around the corner of the facility, raised his pistol, and delivered a careful shot that made solid contact with the skull.
	Getting back on the road this time spawned a sense of urgency.  Now there were too many moving parts to slow the machine.  They needed to find the promised land as soon as possible.  There was nowhere to sleep between here and their destination almost one hundred and fifty miles away.  Robert remained optimistic they’d be on the rim before sunset and wouldn’t have to fear the undead as much.  But he remembered what Corbin reported to him on the chopper.  In little more than an hour, they were driving into an inferno.  Robert had never been in a situation that required him to go through the undead, at least not in circumstances this extreme.
	Sandra held the submachine gun in her lap, watching the road signs, cars, bodies, and broken roadway disappear behind them.  She hadn’t been on the mainland, and thus didn’t see what the undead caused throughout the nation as a whole.  Nowhere was safe from the virus.  Sandra bit her lip, thinking of what she was about to undertake.  And she had yet to tell many people about the child she was bearing, including her father only a few feet away.
	Derek had his mind focused on something else entirely.  He dreamt the night before about a life without this virus.  To go back to the monotonous, dull job getting paid just over minimum wage for the rest of his life.  He wouldn’t have left his home, Katie would still be alive…Quinn would still be alive.  Derek clicked his eyes shut, and the very thought of Quinn brought back the memories.
	Derek cleared his throat, “I’ve spent every day for the last fifteen years regretting what I did to my family.”
	Sandra locked eyes with him.  She could see the anguish in his pupils.  Though his face and composure was stronger than steel.  He’d learned to harness his emotions. “It wasn’t your fault.”
	“I tried to convince myself of that for the longest time.  I put the blame on the alcohol every chance I could.  But I couldn’t believe it when I knew it was me drinking the bottle.”
	“It’s in the past,” Sandra replied, “Just leave it alone.”
	“I can’t.  It wouldn’t be like this if I kept us together.  Quinn would be here--”
	“Dad, stop!” Sandy hissed. “Everything happens for a reason.”
	Derek faced her. “Why did Reaper happen?”
	Sandra sighed deeply. “We’re all here to live and die.  That’s the cold truth of it.  The human race is full of psychopaths who want to set the world on fire.” She hesitated, and spun her head to match his eyes. “Nobody lives forever, all you can do is try your best.”
	Derek found himself without a word to answer.  The undead world had changed her perception vastly from what he remembered. “Do you believe in something?”
	Sandra watched the devoid streets of Prescott Valley whip by with a blank stare. “I never thought about it after the divorce.  Given the circumstances, how can I believe anything?  I know I’ll end up finding out when my time comes.”
	Nothing every really changed about the road other than the backdrop.  The orange gleam of fall was upon the environment.  Mountaintops were sporting frost indicating the winter season was slowly approaching.  The collective speed of the group turned the environment more into blurs of color than shapes of things.  A long black strip was their one true path and it never seemed to end.
	Almost an hour went by with little but changes in direction making heads turn.  The undead presence in the area was significant, but not a threat to the convoy.  The interstate was empty besides occasional stopped cars in either direction.  Robert clicked the radio, “General, First Sergeant, this is Caldwell.”
	“About time we heard your voice again, Bobby,” Walt replied immediately, “we were starting to think you’d forgotten about us.”
	“I wouldn’t mind forgetting everything, Walt.”
	“World’s full of hopes and dreams, Sergeant.  Just less hopers and dreamers to come by.” Jacob set the radio down on the dashboard and focused on driving as he followed the lead vehicles past the first humvee.  Shortly after the full convoy passed them up, the marine unit stacked up in the truck and pursued them to the rally point.  This continued until the entire platoon had regrouped by Able.
	Robert stepped out of the car, but kept it idling.  He quickly approached Walter and extended an arm, “Glad you see you still kicking, sir.”
	“Likewise, Sergeant.”
	“What’s the situation?” Rob hurried to the point.  He liked the idea of waiting next to a beehive to get stung just as much as Tom and Walt.
	“Too many undead to count, all in that valley.” Tom tilted his head in the direction, and Robert immediately started for the cliff.  Once his line of sight wasn’t obscured, Rob raised his rifle and peered through his scope. “We’ve been trying to make a better plan than A, but it’s too much of a risk to make a detour and there’s no way we’re clearing the city with our armament.”
	Robert whistled when he caught the undead mass in his scope. “These bastards got a nasty habit of throwing curveballs at the living.” Rob lowered his rifle, “What plan did you come up with?”
	“We needed the whole convoy here if we wanted to try it.  The big rig needs to clear the way first.  Right behind that, we’ll have two of the trucks mounted with snowplows to get the bodies out of the way.  The entire convoy needs to be close together, because it won’t take the undead long to walk back into the path we’ve cleared.  If we’re lucky, we can get by without firing a shot.  I know it’s unorthodox, but we don’t have the ammo reserves to push through slow and steady.”
	Rob let out a deep breath, “That makes me worry.  If any of the trucks are immobilized, we’ll be sitting ducks.  I’d almost rather go the extra hundred miles--”
	“I was in Flagstaff before I found the outpost,” Jacob interrupted. “I was lucky to get out of there.  Every way through that city is blocked off.”
	“We don’t have a choice.” Tom said, “It’s either through the storm or back to San Diego.”
	Robert took a moment to let it sink in. “Okay, let’s do this.” He started back for his truck.  Derek was close behind and Sandra never left his side. “What do you think about this, Derek?”
	“I’d be a fool if I didn’t consider this suicide.  But we’re practically dead anyway.”
	It took a few minutes for the convoy to get in the correct order.  Troy drove his truck a little further down the road to establish he was in first.  He clicked his radio, “Big rig in position.” Shortly afterward, Chad returned to his humvee, one fitted with the snowplow on the frame.  Right beside him, Walter drove the other.  The two soldiers sent each other a content nod.  They were no stranger to driving straight into the fires.  It’s what set them apart from the civilians.
	Robert took up the back of the convoy yet again.  The last thing he wanted was to see a car behind him shut down.  Should one in front of him have been dealt a blow, he had the horsepower under his hood to push.  Robert steadied his breath as he clutched the wheel.  But he still felt his heart pumping erratically.  He’d be lying to himself if this wasn’t one of the most horrifying moments in his post-apocalyptic life.  One reservation, Bobby had seen the best and lived through the worst.
	“We’re moving out,” Walter ordered, “Troy, lead us through hell.”
	Troy scoffed, “He makes it sound like hell is a rest stop.” The monster truck rolled forward slowly, eventually climbing to fifty on the curving road as it descended toward the valley.  The rest of the convoy kept in close contact throughout the descent.  Troy already knew the route, and a method to surpass six miles of highway and city roadway.  Though the road was on the verge of shattering into pieces, it was able to serve its purpose one more time.  Troy didn’t slow going down the road, and pumped the gas as he came up a steep incline leading to the main drag through Camp Verde.
	Pulling a right onto level roadway, his eyes caught the undead spinning around to see.  Troy gulped when he made eye contact. “Slow or fast, Walt?”
	“As fast as you can make her go.” Walter was revving the engine ready to burn rubber.  As soon as he saw the truck gun the gas and the truck romped front wheels off the ground for a few seconds, Walter punched the acceleration.  The humvees stayed parallel, as close as they could get without sideswiping.  The plows were angled in opposite directions, forming an arrow to keep bodies from filtering through the gap in the middle.  Troy hit the crowd with an unrelenting force.  Running over decayed flesh didn’t slow the lead truck at all.  The humvees took a bit of a punch hitting the crushed bodies and flinging them to the side of the road.
	At first, the plan seemed to be working.  The convoy was slowed a bit having to force that much weight out of the way.  There was more than enough space for Bobby’s Silverado at the back to get by without touching the zombies.  But natural fear began to fill the minds of many seeing themselves surrounded by so many undead.  Savannah wrapped her arms over Abel’s ears, and Zack shielded them both in his.  Brooke began to recite a prayer, clutching Jacob’s free hand from the passenger seat.  Derek and Sandra embraced, not thinking it would be the final time but letting it be done should something go astray.
	Robert clenched his teeth in worry.  While his knuckles went white from clinging to the wheel so tightly, his eyes began to dart in several directions.  It wasn’t until he looked into the rearview mirror, his eyes focused. “What are you worried about?” Nicole asked from her transparent apparition. “I told you you’d make it home.” Robert put his eyes back on the road for a second.  The next time he looked, she was gone.  Rob didn’t like to think he was going crazy seeing his dead wife talking to him from beyond the grave.  But if he was going crazy, so were Brooke, Derek, and Jacob, who had all caught a glimpse or heard her voice.
	Troy slowed down when the rent of the column was hindered by weight.  He didn’t need speed to get by, as the truck could accelerate on a dime.  He needed to keep close to those behind him or they’d be toast.  Fortunately, what appeared to be thousands upon thousands of zombies didn’t span more than two miles.  And while those two miles were hectic, the plan worked to perfection.  The clearing road soon enough paved the way to their freedom once again.
	Rob wiped his brow of the sweat once the convoy was clear.  They were taking too many risks for too little gain.  And if another mass were waiting for them in Payson, they’d be cut off from San Diego and the valley.  Silence filled the worrisome void of unknown.  A little less than a hundred miles to be traveled.  They’d already proven that most obstacles could be overcome, either by baiting the hook or swimming through the flood.  But some matters would always be too great to overcome.
	The road went deep into the forests and mountains, and it wasn’t long before the convoy was skating along a cliff edge more than a hundred feet down.  Several passengers started to get nauseated by the constantly twisting route.   A slow descent, watching as the skyline turned to treetops, then the sun being blotted out by the forest canopy.  As the descent sent them toward the base of the valley, Rob had one reminder to set his mind at ease: the undead weren’t here.  As desolate as this location was, it was almost impossible for man to find unless they knew to look for it.  If the outpost wasn’t Robert’s choice when the zombie’s came, he’d come to this small patch of forest in Pine and Strawberry.
	If there ever was a secluded location that was out of the eyes of many in Arizona, it would have to be these adjacent towns.  In this unincorporated community, nobody would consider it a stronghold against the undead.  But maybe there were some thinkers linear to Robert.  The convoy was taken off guard when a deafening boom turned every head.  Jacob clutched the wheel tightly as he struggled to pull the RV off to the side.
	“What the hell happened?” Walter asked from the front of the column.
	Jacob swung open his door and looked at the back of the RV, accounting for the tilt on its axis now. “Blew out a tire.” Jake replied.
	The majority of soldiers jumped out of their cars and set up a perimeter.  Eyes darted deep into the forest, around at the small number of buildings littering the roadside, and back at the convoy.  Jacob walked quickly to the back of his RV and removed the spare tire from its case.  Walter walked back to him, “Any idea how long this might take?”
	Jacob looked up at him in irritation.  It wasn’t bad enough his RV lost the tread to explode, now people were telling him to fix it faster. “It’ll be done when it’s done.”
	“We’re sitting ducks right now,” Walt answered.
	Jacob scoffed, “Considering the location if I wasn’t putting this tire on, I’d be walking into the pub right now.”
	Robert walked up to the exchange, “He’s right.  This town is isolated by the forest and mountains.  We’ll be fine--”
	“I got movement!” Mike reported, his eye behind the iron rights.  A figure slowly approached from behind the corner of a building.  Walter rushed alongside him and raised his own rifle.  Mike steadied his breath and prepared to fire a single shot.  A bullet to the head was all it would take.  But how many more would come out of the forest in the time it took Jacob to replace that tire?  That was the only thing keeping Mike from pulling the trigger.
	In the blink of an eye, everything went from calm to chaos.  Must have been how the world worked nowadays.  But it didn’t really take zombies to send everything into a tailspin in a moment’s notice.  It just took a spot of movement in one’s peripheral.  Mike laid his finger on the trigger, “I’m taking the shot.”
	“Hold your fire!” A voice yelled from across the gap.  Mike gasped, his finger sliding away from the trigger.  He’d heard the voice correct.  The undead didn’t speak any human language.  Mike lowered his weapon, moments before two more figures stepped out of a diner with their weapons held in hands raised above their heads. “We don’t mean any harm, strangers.”
	Another voice spun their heads to the rooftop of a nearby gas station. “But we will fire if you fire on us!”
	Robert holstered his pistol, “We’re not here to fight you,” as he raised his hands. “We’re passing through.”
	“Good,” one of them yelled, “they’ve killed enough of us refusing to fight their war.”
	Robert felt the hair on his skin rise.  Travis was always building his army.  His militia had built to two dozen chapters, but more than half died out due to human nature and the ever present virus. “Do you need help?”
	“We can help ourselves,” replied the scavengers’ leader. “We learned enough trusting someone the first time.  Follow the road, don’t stop for anything…it’ll help if you keep your eyes straight, better if you keep them shut.” Robert’s fingers went numb hearing the words, “the militia raided our armory, and killed more than half of us last night.”
	Every one of the soldiers were awe-stricken to hear the words.  If they’d left a day earlier, they would have walked into a war.  But at the same time, more than half were more angry they didn’t leave a day earlier.  They would have been able to save lives.  Robert stepped closer, “Who did they kill?”
	“There was no discretion,” the rooftop sniper said aloud. “They took everything I had left last night.” He sounded distraught by the tone of his voice.  After saying the words, he walked back to his perch and took a seat.
	Robert clenched his teeth, “I promise you, Travis will pay for this.”
	“You know Travis?” The closest one asked.
	“He’s wanted me dead for eight years.”
	The rooftop sentry walked to the edge of the roof, “You’re going to kill him?”
	“Yes,” Robert replied.
	“Make sure he suffers.”
	Jacob finished throwing on the spare tire and tightening the lugs. “We’re good to go!” He said loud enough for the collective to hear.
	Robert looked up at the sniper, “Don’t fear Travis or his militia anymore.  Take care of the people here, and come to us if anything happens.”
	“Trust is hard to come by, air-breather.  We only rely on outsiders as a last resort.  Good luck.”
	Robert returned to his Silverado.  Few civilians or people from the outpost left the shelter of their vehicles during the short impediment.  But quite a few heard the words and they struck a cord.  Derek peered through the rear window at Rob, “How are you holding up?”
	“I’ll be better when that son of a bitch is dead in the ground.” The convoy pulled forward slowly.  They didn’t know what to expect of the small town, but soon enough were driving through the aftermath of a slaughter.  Bodies lined the sides of the streets.  People of the town were loading deceased into vehicles or weeping over their loved ones’ bodies.  Robert knew it was bad by the sound of their warnings to close their eyes.  But rather than feel sorrow, the rage only boiled over in Robert’s mind.
	The few miles of roadway were bathed in crimson.  The marines couldn’t decide whether to mourn the deceased, fear the militia, or hate the head of the snake.  Only a few dozen people were left following this massacre.  And like the sniper told, there was no discretion.  The dead ranged from elderly to infant and anything in between.  Shell casings littered the road and reflected every ounce of the sun’s glare on crimson stained blacktop.  Robert had to drive, but wish he could have closed his eyes and not seen any of it.  But he had to, to keep these unforgivable sins fresh in mind and drive the vengeance forward.
	Once they were out of the town limits and gaining speed, Robert allowed himself a breath to relax.  No matter how hard he tried though, the faces of the murdered wouldn’t erase from his cortex.  Robert’s breathing was out of control.  Kendall stole a glance at him, “You okay, Bobby?” Rob didn’t hear, but Kendall’s inquiry got the attention of Derek and Sandra.  Rob could only focus on the road, his imagination bringing noises to his ears.  The pops of gunfire, screaming of innocent people, bodies drained of a soul falling to the ground, the agony of mourning.
	“Bobby!” Derek must have said it three times before outstretching an arm and tapping Rob’s shoulder.  Rob spun his head around.  The noises faded in an instant, and all that anyone could hear was rubber on asphalt and the radio low humming the same emergency broadcast it had been for the last day and a half of driving. “Are you with us?”
	Rob nodded his head.  He steadied his breath and focused on the road. “I’m here…I’m angry.” He set his head on the rest while the sounds echoed faintly in his ears.
	It wasn’t much longer until the winding road rose out of the pine and into the city of Payson.  Down a straightaway for a couple of miles, the outpost laid eyes on a familiar obstacle.  The intersection they needed to get through to drive to San Diego maintained the gridlock photographic memory registered.  But something did seem different about the city now.  There were no screams in horror or gunshots pounding away.  Life had ceased completely, like so many places before and after it.  The undead, it seemed, had also vacated the city.  Just like locusts to eat every resource and migrate to do it all again.  But with no undead, there was little to distract them from the issue at hand.
	Now the outpost had another advantage.  They were retracing their steps from here. “Convoy, slow down,” Walt ordered, “I’m going to cut a left into this plaza and see if we can get around that intersection.” The humvee lurched ahead when the rest of the column let off the gas.  Walter spun the wheel, carefully navigating between a few cars in opposite lanes.  Off the beaten path the road became much more easily navigable.
	Walter skirted through the parking lot of a dozen shops, stores, and restaurants.  Mass transit through the aisles of spaces caused the traffic to halt and the barricaded lanes were heavily occupied.  Strangely it appeared something had driven this path before.  Cars were broken into and moved aside to make wider vehicles able to maneuver.  A very select few undead were still trapped by the seatbelt and moving, as most had drawn enough attention to get an execution wound through the glass.
	“This must have been the way Travis came through.” Scott surmised easily enough.  The effort to move so many large automobiles out of the way wasn’t something a small group would do.  Whatever attack took place in Strawberry-Pine, the shooters struck with force.
	Walter keyed up, “Convoy, follow the path.” He pulled to a stop at the lot’s curb leading to the adjacent intersection. “Keep your distance, we’re in their territory.”
	Two more humvees took the lead ahead of the convoy and Troy pulled behind the pack.  Robert wasn’t as worried as the warnings made many feel.  He knew Travis would keep his stronghold where it mattered, and there would only be a couple scouts in either direction.  And with technological infrastructure down, the only way to relay a message was in person or within a mile or two over short-wave radio.  Chances were, they could cut any messenger off from his post long before he returned to the camp.
	Walter spun the wheel when he saw the next humvee get close enough.  He hurried toward the intersection, well clear of any cars that may have been trapped.  The intersection was similarly cleared for a mass of vehicles to squeeze through.  Westbound lanes remained near as empty as they were the first trip around.  Walter rolled onto the roadway and pulled ahead a hundred meters while the rest of the unit worked their way out of the parking lot.
	Walter slowed to a stop. “Payson wasn’t as bad as I thought.” He relaxed, but kept a wary eye.  As the rest of the convoy lined up, his foot eased off the brake pedal.  What was four minutes sliding around gridlock returned to the same, vague driving at fifty or above as it had been for two days.  Was there a light at the end of this road?  Walter didn’t like the idea of willingly going all this distance to fight again, and for something they gave up long ago.  But it was the will of his men and the urge to cleanse the new world of a vicious killer that brought them here.
	Driving up the Mogollon Rim was a different experience now.  Two years, one month, a week, and three days of the forest left untouched by mankind brought a cherished glow of green to the horizon. “Hmm,” Derek grunted, “this is what the world becomes after man…better.”
	“Mankind has caused more damage to the earth in the last hundred years than any other species or force of nature has in a million.” Robert knew the capabilities of man better than most believed.  The fury of man made it possible for a suitcase to level a city. “The world could only get better after mankind died.”
	Derek shook his head, “The look of a forest doesn’t dictate how the world actually is.  If the earth is a living organism, it’s at the mercy of this virus just like us.”
	Sandra chuckled, “Lucky for us, zombies don’t sink their teeth into trees or dirt.  There would be no surviving if the planet was trying to kill us.”
	The road narrowed to two lanes once the lookout point was passed.  Derek’s eyes glanced down an unkempt dirt road.  Down that road laid the gunfight that resulted in Chris’ death and Audrey’s suicide. ‘Perfect,’ Derek thought, ‘the regrets are flooding my mind and we haven’t even got there yet.’ Rob was familiar with the same road and the perilous end.  He could see the remorse in Derek’s eyes, as much as he tried to shield it.
	After what stretched to more than ten hours of driving altogether over the last two days, the town of Forest Lakes was breached.  According to Rob and Jacob’s previous visit, no indigenous people occupied this town.  Which meant they were free to choose wherever to plan their assault.  Walt pulled to a stop in the lot of a restaurant alongside the highway.  The rest of the humvees drove into the same lot and took parallel spots.  The RV and monster truck were taken to a more secluded location behind the buildings.  Rob’s Silverado and the remainder parked opposite the military’s humvee column.
	The soldiers set up a perimeter out to a mile, and the marine sharpshooters drove up the road a couple of miles just in case Travis or his militia approached unexpectedly.  Robert walked to a clearing behind the building, where he popped a red smoke flare and tossed it to the ground. “Falcon, I marked a landing zone with smoke.”
	“Copy that,” Corbin answered, “I see your smoke, coming in now.” A few seconds of silence were followed by the incessant roar of rotor blades as they grew louder and louder until the helicopter was hovering over the clearing.  Corbin feathered the throttle as he brought it beneath the trees.  A solid thud indicated the craft was on the ground, where Corbin shut down the systems.  He unbuckled his seatbelt while the chopper cooled down and the blades stopped spinning. “Falcon is on the deck.”
	“What’s your fuel look like?” Tom asked.
	“I’d say about a half tank since we filled her up in Sedona.  She’ll do fine.”
	Robert set foot into the restaurant.  He spotted a couple of soldiers taking advantage of the empty bar to fill some drinks.  While it wasn’t cold, neither seemed to mind the age or taste.  The majority of others were focusing on their tasks, unfolding maps or calculating the distance from here to the outpost.  Tom and Walter were in the middle of a conversation.  As Tom had yet to see the outpost, there were some details about the terrain and surrounding forest he needed to be informed of.
	“The camp is about a hundred and fifty acres.  The enemy has fortifications to the northeast, southeast, southwest, and west edge.  These structures in the middle are crucial, and we can expect them to be the most heavily occupied.” Walter stopped when Robert approached.
	“What’s the layout on their sentry patrols?” He directed the question to Robert and Jacob.
	“I’m not sure if we can rely on our previous visit.  They discovered us and chased us all the way back here.  Travis could have restructured the security of the camp in the last two months.  But it’s been a little while and security could have slacked.”
	“What are they carrying?”
	“AK’s for the most part.  I spotted a few high power rifles in some hands last time we were paying rent out there.  His militia isn’t strangers to rocket launchers either.”
	“How strong do you think his militia is?” Walter asked.
	Jacob approached, “He’s got at least a hundred men, maybe closer to two.  With the effort they put into trying to kill us last time, there must have been at least fifty nipping at our heels the whole time.”
	“I don’t rest easy thinking perhaps forty of us are going against two hundred,” Tom replied. “We need to be perfect if we stand a chance of success.”
	Jacob nodded, “Stealth is mandatory for this to work.  We’ll need to time our attacks to catch them off guard.  Once the shooting starts, the helicopter will circle overhead.  I’ll provide sniper fire to targets on the ground and somebody will man the gun.”
	Corbin joined the briefing, hearing that he and his chopper would be essential for the mission. “What do I have to worry about in the air?”
	“Unguided rockets and small arms fire.”
	“No different than Afghanistan, then?”
	Rob shook his head, “Very different, Captain.  They’ve got a Colonel running the show in there.”
	Tom gave the plans another look through. “They don’t have a lot of security focusing on the meadow.”
	“If they’re expecting an attack, most everyone will be guarding the perimeter and not inside.”
	“Good,” Tom pointed north of the map. “I’ll bring my team in from the north.  We’ll rappel down this rock face and clear this cluster of buildings to the northwest.  Master Sergeant Martinez and Sergeant Major Lockwood will focus their insertion on the west perimeter and assist clearing of this section.  I’ll take my platoon up from the southeast.  If a firefight starts, their forces will be divided and confused.”
	Robert cleared his throat, “If I can get on this ridge overlooking the meadow, I can provide sniper fire to more than half of the camp.”
	“You sure you can handle that by yourself?” Jacob asked.
	“Yes,” Rob nodded.
	Tom tapped his chin, “Alright, come in through the southwest.  Echo will provide an escort and clear the area behind that ridge for you.  Once we’ve taken control of the north, we’ll press south to the camp center.” He glanced around at the soldiers. “Set up rotating shifts for anything that comes down this highway.  Everyone’s going to need their rest.  We’re going in tomorrow night.”

Day 773
Sins of the Father

	The last few days seemed like minute in retrospect.  Travel several hundred miles into a bordering state showed the marines of San Diego how the rest of the country looked in a summary.  Desolate and unwelcoming at its best, burning and crumbling at its worst.  And though the last year in San Diego didn’t shed a light on the undead, zombies were still among them.  In all minds, the last hundred or so miles were the most peaceful and convenient.  Even though the city of Prescott was beautiful and strategic, such an environment came at a cost for the plague was not long from her.  Forest Lakes would have to suffice.
	Bunking down this close to the enemy was one of the riskier maneuvers they compromised on.  The routines of Travis and his goons couldn’t be documented in a single botched reconnaissance operation.  Hoping nobody would run across them wasn’t enough.  They didn’t intent to strike until further evaluation of hostile units were complete.  Taking in the assault on Strawberry-Pine for the locals’ weaponry, the timetable was shifted and required them to hit as soon as possible.  Not a moment could go to waste.
	The dining room of a local restaurant was used for planning.  Three marker and chalk boards had different areas of the 140 acre complex drawn out to the best of firsthand knowledge.  For all they knew, the place could have been burned to the ground by now.  But Robert knew better.
	Jacob cleared his throat after pointing out the approach of fire teams with arrows. “If we want any hope of success, we’ll need to strike from these locations at the same time.  Hope everyone’s ready for close quarters.  We need to take down as many as we can by hand without alerting anyone else.”
	“To maintain that silence,” Andrew insisted, “the Seahawk will hold a safe distance two miles from the combat area until the element of surprise is lost.  Once we’re overhead, we’ll be able to provide artillery and sniper support.  Jacob, Luke, Gordon, and I have volunteered for this, and we don’t intent to take anyone else.”
	“Why not?” one of the marines asked.
	Jacob turned his attention to the inquirer. “This isn’t the first time we’ve butted heads with Travis’ militia.  It won’t be pretty.  Where they lack accuracy, they make up for in numbers.”
	“What’s your point?” Rayburn asked.
	“We’ll probably be dodging rockets from the time we arrive until the op’s over.  If we take a hit, there’s a chance we won’t survive the crash.”
	Robert tilted his head. “Strange how optimistic you made that sound.”
	Jacob shrugged. “I’m an optimist, Bobby, everyone knows that.  Optimism aside, this may just be the last war we fight.  I wasn’t planning on growing old.”
	Ben scoffed, “He says it like he isn’t in his fifties.”
	Jacob smirked, then returned to his debrief. “Ridge cabins are vague.  During our recon, we found a bunch of dead bodies stored in a couple of those rooms.  Since they caught onto us, sentries may have been posted in that region.  Keep your guard up because our little visit has left them on their toes.”
	“It’s been seven weeks since we were here,” Gustavo admitted. “They might have just chalked it up to a couple of bandits trying to rob supplies.”
	“No,” Rob disagreed. “Travis knows it was me.  He knows we’re coming back.”
	“How does he know?” Tom asked.
	Jacob flashed pictures in his memory, “The graves.”
	“Yeah,” Rob aligned his answer with Jake’s statement. “They disgraced our dead.  I planted Nicole’s cross back where it belonged.  Jacob did the same for his daughter.  Travis knows this is personal.  That’s why this needs to go off without a hitch.”
	Just as Rob finished, the radios flared up. “All units,” Walt reported, “this is forward recon.  Spotted movement.”
	“Be specific.” Jacob replied. ‘Movement’ could have been regarding something living or something not so alive and not actually dead.  They needed to prepare in vastly different ways for either circumstance.
	“Two trucks approaching the staging area.  Sixty seconds out.”
	Rob and Jacob exchanged horrified looks. “Shit,” Jacob swore.
	“What?” Luke asked.
	“The bird is parked out in the open right next to the highway.” He grabbed his rifle from the counter and approached Robert who was already at the door with a pistol drawn. “If those cars are from the camp--”
	“Our element of surprise flies away quicker than a leaf in a hurricane.” Robert finished.
	“So much for ‘without a hitch.” Jacob hissed under his breath.  He raised his radio again. “Chad.”
	Staff Sergeants Crawford and Gibbs were sprinting to the other side of the highway. “We’re moving to the humvees.” Chad replied during his sprint.
	“Circle using back streets, cut them off from behind.”
	“Understood.” Chad jumped into one humvee, Lexie in another.  The two vehicles peeled out of the dirt parking lot and slipped into the cover of thick brush down concealed roadways.
	“As soon as they see the chopper, we’ll need to shut them down.  Before they can report we’re here.”
	The town grew deathly silent as thirty seconds ticked by.  Then, the roar of a Ford F-150 closely followed by a jeep brought the eerie quiet to an end.  The convoy of two rolled forward at a steady speed.  In the driver’s seat of the Ford, Travis puffed away at a cigar.  In his lap, a half empty beer bottle.  His passenger spoke up, feeling odd to keep his concerns bottled. “You should probably let me drive.”
	“Are you afraid I’m going to crash, Jimmy?” Travis asked. “Don’t worry.  I’ve got a good tolerance and I can dodge anything that isn’t moving.  Besides, it’s not like highway patrol is watching any more.” The next bend turned with ease.  Then, his eyes drifted toward a sky blue aura.  He didn’t remember that color.  A silhouette surrounded the light color, where he discerned something thought to be forgotten.  A grin spread across his lips, “Welcome home.”
	“What?” Jimmy asked.
	“We’re turning around,” Travis jerked on the handbrake and spun the wheel.  At his speed, the truck spun almost a full 180 degrees before asphalt caught rubber again.  Travis gunned the gas pedal.  The second car in the group took longer to safely turn about.
	Jacob rose at the noise of squealing rubber. “Now!” He screamed.  A dozen soldiers sprinted out of the buildings on either side of the highway in a beeline for the retreating pair.  Within the same second, both humvees seemingly appeared from nowhere and blocked off the entire roadway.
	Travis slammed the brakes when he saw the roadblock form.  His rearview mirror shed light on armed personnel running up from behind to box them in.  He momentarily laid eyes on an unkempt service road to the left.  Both humvee drivers departed with assault rifles raised, and were sure to take cover behind their vehicles.
	“Show me your hands!” Chad yelled.
	Travis’s peripheral caught Jimmy throwing his hands into their view.  But the Colonel wasn’t going down so easy.  Soldiers began ripping the occupants from the jeep.  Travis suddenly spun the wheel and pounded his foot on the gas.  A half dozen gunshots pounded on the steel frame of the truck and left spider webs in the windshield, but no shots made contact with either of the occupants.
	Chad sprinted back to the seat of his car. “This is Chad, the lead truck slipped onto a forest service road.’ Before his hand could reach the gearshift, Robert’s Silverado was fishtailing onto the dirt road.
	“Who the hell are they?” Jimmy asked loudly.
	“Same guys that attacked us a couple months ago.  Only now there’s more of them.” He pointed a thumb to the back seat after spotting a reflection in his mirrors. “We’ve got company.  I’ve got a rifle in the back.”
	Robert shifted to fourth gear after redlining his engine near the brink of exhaustion.  The chase was blind from the start with dust kicking up on the road.  His only way to get a visual of the truck was to get closer.  Robert glimpsed a spider web form in his windshield after the crackle of a shot.  Through the brown fog, he could see muzzle flashes as the sole indicator of his distance from the vehicle he pursued.
	“Rob,” the radio reported. “The bird’s spinning up.  We’ll have them in our sight in two minutes.” Rob didn’t answer.  He needed absolute concentration in a pursuit on uneven turf with no visibility at speeds rising over fifty.  The next bend untouched and eroded over two years saw both vehicles losing grip with gravel and fishtailing.  Robert was fluent in such driving conditions as this was his home.  Travis had plenty of time to warm up to it, though.
	Another burst of fire came in closer to Robert than he was comfortable with, but he’d managed to duck below the dashboard.  His eyes set on the road once again to see the car ahead drifting right.  Robert was soon to follow on a less than used fork in the road.  A path filled with erosion and degradation lied ahead.
	Jimmy leaned back in, “He’s still behind us!” The passenger located a spare magazine and reloaded.
	“I’m not going to lose him on this road,” Travis replied, calculating his slowing speed on relentless turf.  The truck bounced and jumped into the air driving through a creek with large rocks strewn about.  The engines were loud when the truck redlined in midair, but the noises hardly blocked out the roar of chopping wind.
	Jimmy looked into the sky, “The bird’s right on top of us!”
	Travis considered the few options he was allotted.  His plan centered on the goal of escape, but a helicopter was near impossible to evade.  His second priority was to drive toward the camp in hopes of reaching support.  Truth was, the road they were on slowed them down exponentially, and there was no guarantee it would lead northeast back to the camp.  Meanwhile their pursuer on the ground grew nearer with every passing second.
	Jacob clicked his radio, “Bobby, we’re above the pursuit.  I’m gonna try to kill the engine.” Easier said than done given the forest canopy.  The marine shoved a bullet into the chamber and centered his scope.  He corrected distance and drew a deep breath in his lungs.  The trigger slowly squeezed around his finger.  Travis twisted the wheel hard, turning far north.  His sudden change in direction wasn’t on any roadway carved in landscape.  A simple gap in the trees wide enough to fit through.  Robert spotted his target’s last second move.  Over the radio, he could discern Jacob’s voice. “I’ve lost visual.”
	Robert braked to turn into the same gap. “Target vehicle has left paved roadways,” Rob reported over the radio as he punched the gas. “Now he’s driving straight into the woods.”
	Jacob growled, “The forest’s too thick for me to land a shot.  You’ll have to stop him on the ground.”
	“Copy that.” Rob threw the radio down and slammed the brakes.  He narrowly dodged the trunk of a downed tree, but quickly adjusted his bearings.  Now devoid of any manmade assistance, both trucks were dropped to speeds under thirty.  Weaving back and forth through a vast forest, bouncing on unadulterated ground, and scanning ahead every split second for the next move to make.  Travis squeezed the handbrake.  His truck turned on a dime, then suddenly jerked west.
	Robert drew his firearm when he saw the opportunity.  He put his car into a stop before aiming for his mark.  Two bullets rang out as Travis passed by.  Both pounded into the truck, but neither stood a chance at hitting soft flesh on such a large target at the speed it reached in that short space.  Return fire pelted his driver door.  Rob dropped to avoid another volley, then spun his truck around among smoking pine needles.
	The forest thinned down as a steady slope came to face them.  The helicopter hung behind with no way to keep track of those on the ground.  Nothing but a dust cloud gave air support a vague idea.  Travis pushed the gas when he found a clear route to the bottom of the hill.  Robert didn’t lose a second in doubt and followed through a gradually jumping velocity.
	Travis slowed just enough to land on another service road.  He picked up speed, eyes darting from front to mirrors.  As soon as Robert landed safely on the road, Travis detoured back into forest.  Rob gunned it into the same path. “That’s it,” Robert said under his breath, “this ends now.”
	Robert closed the gap to ten feet.  By now, his windshield was on the verge of shattering.  One more bullet let glass fly, but Rob was the one to blow it open.  His nerves of steel despite fragments of glass falling all around him.  He carefully released semi-automatic shots with focus on hitting a tire.  Robert ran parallel to Travis in the next clearing when his gun suddenly registered a click and not a bang.
	Travis slowed down enough for the two to maintain parallel.  From there, he found his car a better weapon than a gun with a half clip of ammo.  Travis jerked the wheel hard right, slamming into Rob with a powerful impact.  As the two connected, Jimmy tried to fire his gun on a prime target at a distance of less than a foot.  Robert spotted the rifle, instinctively grabbed the barrel, and yanked it free of the shooter’s grasp.
	Time froze when their eyes met.  The world went cold and silent, everything in the rest of the world was irrelevant in this moment.  All they could hear were one another’s heartbeats…hunger for a taste one wanted for years, and a desire to enact justice for the other.
	Rob released the vice from Travis’ truck.  His view of the path ahead gave him an idea.  A way to stop the chase now.  Robert jerked back, his truck bashing against the other.  Travis didn’t expect Robert to turn his own truck into a battering ram.  The Colonel’s grip of the wheel slacked enough to put it on a crash course.  Travis clenched his teeth as he spotted a tree trunk too close to dodge.
	The truck ran atop the cut down trunk at a speed of forty.  As a result, momentum delivered the mass of steel into a full rollover.  A short scrape on the roof met friction and sent the truck tumbling on its other axis.  It rolled twice, spinning side over side before it came to a dead halt in a dried riverbed.  An eerie silence fell upon the forest, steam and smoke rising from the truck’s hood.
	Robert parked his truck alongside the totaled wreck. “Jacob, target vehicle has crashed.”
	“Copy that, Bobby.” Jacob replied. “We saw your antics from up here and we have a visual on the crash.  I’ll be on the ground in a minute.”
	Rob collected the assault rifle and ran toward the crash.  He circled around to the front end to see what he could through broken glass. “Get out!” he yelled.  Travis reached over for Jimmy.  His check for a pulse came up empty handed.  The crash was unforgiving to his unbuckled passenger.  Travis was lucky to be wearing a seatbelt when it happened.  An instinct kicked in to throw it on while he was flying through the air.  He cut it loose and fell on the ceiling of the inverted truck.  Outside he heard Robert again. “Hands first!”
	Travis crawled from the wreckage sporting a bloody nose and a faint limp on his right ankle.  He was sure to show both hands with fingers extended.  Robert grabbed him by the collar and dragged him away from the smoking vehicle. “It’s good to see you too, Bobby.” He dizzily rose to a stand. “Hasn’t been the same without you.”
	“Shut up,” Robert replied coldly, his aim leveled at Travis’ heart. “Toss your gun.” Above, Travis spotted a rope hang from the helicopter.  Jacob fast-roped to ground level in a moment’s notice.
	“Not taking any chances,” Travis grinned, “I taught you something after all.” He used his left hand to draw the revolver from its holster on his right hip.  He flung it underhand a few meters away.
	Jake waved off the bird, “Mark our coordinates and set her down back at base, Falcon.  We’ll be alright.” In a few seconds, the helicopter spun and dipped its nose before departing the airspace.  Jacob approached with his rifle in hand. “Everything okay?”
	“Check the vehicle for anyone else--”
	“My passenger is dead.” Travis interrupted.
	Jacob checked regardless, then returned to Robert to confirm it.  He turned to his radio, “This is Warren, situation is under control.”
	Something flashed in Travis’ memory about Jacob’s face. “I get the feeling I’ve met you before.”
	Jacob nodded his head, “We did.  I remember shaking your hand.”
	“For what?” Travis tilted his head.
	“For staying strong after the towers fell.  You were still a Captain back then, ambitious and trying to make the world a safer place for innocent people like your wife.  You still had morals when I shook your hand.  What happened?”
	Travis scoffed, “Iraq happened.  I lost those morals a long time ago, Warren.  I was living in a dream those days.  There was never really any hope of making the world safer.  It’s the human race, always hungry for blood.  Our species was bred for combat, and our species died in the name of killing.”
	“You, maybe.” Robert said.
	Travis smirked, “Don’t assume you haven’t killed an innocent.”
	“Not intentionally.”
	“And I bet you fed everyone the story of how you didn’t kill that kid and his pops, said I was blackmailing you.”
	Jacob glanced at Robert uneasily.  Robert found himself cornered by his foe.  He took a step back. “Yes…I did.  You gave me an order and I followed it without question.  But I couldn’t live with myself if someone didn’t pay for the actions I never wanted to take.”
	Jacob tilted his head in curiosity. “Why didn’t you tell anyone?”
	Robert sent him a foul look. “I didn’t want to remember.  Living through it once killed me enough.”
	Travis scoffed. “You lied at my hearing to save your own ass.”
	Rob raised the gun. “You murdered my people.  You murdered my wife and son.  I never would have done the same to you.”

	Travis licked his lips. “There was a time when I felt remorse for that.  I know it won’t convince you, but I sent Brian here to collect you.  I didn’t send him here to kill an innocent.”
	“Explain the bodies.” Robert ordered.
	Travis shrugged, “Times change, Bobby.  You need to adapt to survive.” The Colonel faced Rob. “I lost my family long before this.  You took away the only thing I had left to live for after that.  Tell me this, Robert.  When you’re dead, do you care who you destroy along with yourself?” Robert didn’t reply, bringing a smile to Travis’ face. “Now you know how I feel.  All you have left is the gun.  Be grateful I haven’t taken that from you…at least, not yet.”
	Robert took a step forward. “I came here to kill you.” He said through clenched teeth.  He put the butt-stock to his shoulder. “Looks like I got what I came for.” Robert was about to pull the trigger, when a high-pitched chirp stopped him short.  Rob and Jake looked about for the sound.  Travis smirked. “What is that?”
	“It’s a satellite phone,” Travis replied, “I’m supposed to keep Emerald updated every hour until I drive back into those gates.  And if I don’t return their calls, they send everything to that phone’s coordinates.”
	The setting grew silent in fear and confusion. “Now what?” Jacob asked.
	Robert was compelled to fire, but after much internal debate he threw the rifle on the ground. “Damn it.”
	“Return the call,” Jacob ordered. “If you try to tip them off, I’ll put a bullet in your leg.”
	Travis collected the phone from the truck’s interior and dialed in the number. “Put it on speaker,” Rob ordered.
	Travis complied, tuning the volume so Robert and Jacob could eavesdrop. “Colonel?” A voice rang through the speaker.
	“Austin?” Travis replied.
	“Why didn’t you pick up?”
	“Didn’t hear the phone ringing.  Me and the guys made a pit-stop in Forest Lakes.  Left the phone in the car.”
	Austin thought he heard something in Travis’ voice. “Any problems?”
	Travis came up with a good enough fib to throw off the scent. “Couple of walkers, but nothing we couldn’t handle.”
	“What are your plans?”
	“We’ll keep heading to Payson.  Chances are we’ll be back tonight or tomorrow morning.”
	“Understood.  Good luck out there.”
	“Keep your eyes open for corpses, Austin.  See you later.” Travis hung up and sent Rob and Jake a questioning look. “Good enough?”
	“We’ll see,” Jacob replied.  The two were trying to figure out how to fix this.  Now they had to strike by tonight.  And they couldn’t handle Travis until night had fallen at least ten hours from now.  It was complicated, to say the least.
	“Let’s get back to the staging area,” Robert insisted. “Find out what we can from an inside source.”
	Travis licked his lips, “You aren’t going to get any information from me, Bobby.”
	Robert tilted his head. “Like Jacob said, we’ll see.”
	Back in Forest Lakes Travis was escorted by Robert, Jacob, and now Derek into a windowless room.  Jacob found a length of phone cord inside an office of the restaurant they were occupying, and used it to bind both the Colonel’s wrists to a chair.  The marine stepped back outside to find Robert and Derek in the middle of a debate.
	Derek was upset just to see Travis among them. “Why didn’t you kill him?  That’s the whole reason you’re here, isn’t it?”
	“I can’t kill him,” Robert replied. “There’s too much at stake.”
	“You’re hell-bent on fighting this war.”
	“He’s not the only one,” Jacob cut in. “All I ever wanted was a beautiful end.”
	Derek scoffed. “You leathernecks.”
	“I’m a special breed of leatherneck.  And though I understand why you don’t have the will to fight again, I do.”
	“For what?”
	“For Carl, Nicole, all those grunts who gave themselves up…Kate.”
	Derek sent Jacob a foul look. “Why do you have to keep bringing up bad history?”
	Gordon stepped into the conversation before Jacob could answer. “What’s going on?”
	Robert cleared his throat. “We stick to the timetable.  We strike tonight.”
	“What about the prisoners?” Gordon asked.
	“Unfortunately, Travis gave us a dilemma.  He’s to report in every hour on the status of his team.”
	“When are they going to call?” Gordon persisted.
	Jacob sighed, “They have once already.  We got lucky, Greer’s being compliant.  But that could run out any moment.  Which means we’re going to have to press hard on the other two.”
	“Their lips are sealed.  I’ve tried most every way I know to get them to talk.”
	Jacob shook his head, “The police academy never taught you interrogation in shades of grey.  I’ve been in bad places for more than half of my life.  And some of the things we did can’t be forgiven.” He cracked his knuckles.
	Derek’s brow furrowed, “I thought you were looking for redemption.”
	Jacob shrugged, “Travis made his bed.  And let’s not forget he shot me in the back.  I owe him something.” The marine stepped back into the office.  The rest compiled, standing close to the door to hear what was about to happen.  Jacob circled Travis’ chair slowly, mostly getting a feel for his surroundings. “This battle is going to hit us hard.  Our force is smaller than yours, that much I know.  So I’ll ask a simple question first.  How many soldiers are ready to die for you?”
	Travis chuckled. “More than there are ready to die for you.” Jacob sighed as he came to a stop in front of Travis.  Then out of nowhere, his right fist clenched and thrust into the latter’s unguarded stomach.  Travis reeled forward from the sudden jolt.  He coughed repeatedly, searching for a breath.  He laughed once his lungs were collected again. “The good old Jacob Warren.  Everyone saw him as a hero.  But nobody saw him for the monster he really was.” A grin, “I’m going to say that when I put you in the ground.”
	Jacob nodded. “I may be a monster, but I don’t cross that threshold to pure evil.”
	“Of course you’re the harbinger for good.  I remember the headlines.  You left your unit right before an ambush in Iraq killed three of your men.”
	“I had a daughter to take care of.  That’s more noble than you remember.”
	“I live my life for the sight of killing, the sound of agony, the smell of gunpowder, the taste of blood…and the feel of pain.  Throw as many punches as you want, you won’t get a word out of me.”
	Jacob tilted his head. “If you insist.” He threw another blow, this one intercepting Travis’ cheek.  The next hit his gut, followed by a quick strike to the chin.  Jacob took a step back to give Travis a moment to adjust.
	“This is getting us nowhere.” Travis smiled, a red stain running down one of his nostrils.
	From the opposite side of the door, Robert growled. “He’s right.  This is getting us nowhere.”
	“What should we do?” Gordon asked.
	“There’s plenty of time to turn around.” Derek insisted. “Who knows, maybe we’ll get Travis to follow us back, then we can have home field advantage.”
	“Keep pressing the other prisoners.  I doubt some of them have the endurance of Travis, or enough of the misguided will to follow him.” Robert left the building, shortly accompanied by Derek.  But Gordon chose to linger, instead ducking into an adjacent storeroom.
	Gordon put his back to the wall, pondering how this would end.  He’d heard from Jacob’s interrogation how committed Travis’ mercenaries were.  Attacking a force double, triple, perhaps even four times their size made him hesitant.  He was fine living in San Diego with these guys.  But somehow, the few with authority were driving them headlong into a virulent typhoon with no hope in sight.  Gordon did what was necessary to survive.  This assault was sure to get him killed.
	Gordon considered the options.  He could stay with the outpost and stand by their side through one of the deadliest battles their people would come to know.  The likelihood of survival was minimal, but if so, he’d be free for eternity.  He could run, steal a car and return to San Diego to fend for himself.  But it only took a few weeks as a lone wolf for Gordon to realize he needed company to keep his mind intact.  The final choice, one he regretted to even think.  But he was a mercenary, a bandit, a scavenger simply looking for the next meal to eat.  If given the choice, he’d join Travis’ militia over Robert’s contingent.
	Jacob stepped out of the room after fifteen minutes trying to pry even a word out.  No number of hostile troops, no locations of positions, no booby-traps or details.  The marine walked past the storeroom door, muttering “Stubborn son of a bitch.” Gordon pressed himself to the wall, waiting to hear.  The door slammed shut, giving him the opportunity.  He only needed a minute to know if Travis could be bribed.
	Gordon slipped into the office, where he laid eyes upon Travis.  The Colonel had bloodstains running down his face, his lips were cut and swollen, an eye was bruised a deep shade of blue.  Travis hung his head up, “You here to give me another go?”
	Gordon shook his head, and instead raised a finger to his lips. “My name is Gordon.  You’ve got a lot more people than them, right?” He was sure to keep his voice low.
	“When you say them, you mean us, right?”
	“I was always for hire, Greer.  Judging by the state of things, I’m not confident I’ll see sunrise again if I stick with them.”
	“What do you want?” Travis asked.
	“To survive.  I’m not going to die a nameless soul of a war I had nothing to do with.”
	Travis tilted his head, “You cross this road, there’s no going back.  You won’t be making amends with them.  You’ll be shooting them full of holes.  And if you try to play me, I’ll put a bullet in your head.”
	“Will you take me in if I help you?”
	Travis slid his jaw one way and the other. “Can I trust you?”
	Gordon nodded, “Yes.”
	“Then I’m in.  It’s your move, partner.” Travis smirked.

Day 773 Part II
Betrayal

	It had been but an hour since Travis was captured.  In that small frame of time, the entire operation became exponentially harder.  On top of determining enemy patrol routes that were variable and could change by the hour, they now had to contend with hourly checkups on Travis from the camp.  No doubt about it, they’d launch this assault tonight.  The time for preparation was over.  The time for action was now.
	Outside in the humvee parking lot, a dozen tables were set up and organized with weapons, ammunition, lethal and tactical grenades, medical supplies, and body armor.  In a windowless room, night vision enhancement goggles were being individually examined for faults.  Chad filled his satchel with five magazines, and quickly broke down his rifle for cleaning.  Stepping up alongside, Mike Logan checked his own weapon. “You ready for this?” Logan asked.
	Chad shrugged, “Last war of our lives, no artillery support, a unit of forty going up against two hundred or more, one chopper with limited ammo…is there any way I can be ready?”
	“You say ‘last war’ like you’ll never pick up a gun again,” Sergeant First Class Aaron Gift said.  He set a half empty coke bottle on the table beside an M4.  Moments later, he started to clean the lens of an ACOG scope.
	Chad smirked, half way done cleaning his weapon. “It’s a big question, who isn’t going to make it through.  I can tell you now, I’m not going to be easy to kill.”
	“Kenny said the same thing.” Walt fit a magazine snug in his sidearm. “You don’t see him around anymore.”
	“What’s your point, First Sergeant?”
	“Don’t go getting a big head, Crawford, you just make a bigger target.”
	Chad rolled his eyes, “I think somebody’s gonna miss me if I die tonight.” His eyes shifted, spotting long auburn hair a few meters away.
	Walt scoffed, “You dream big, Staff Sergeant.  I hate losing soldiers, but you’re more like the asshole stepson who smokes pot.”
	Crawford backed away from the table and started for the woman. “Some of us prefer to enjoy the fruits of nature.  Excuse me.” The others watched amusedly as he made a beeline toward Lexie.
	Walt chuckled, “Always the playboy.”
	“Say what you will,” Aaron nodded, “he knows how to pick them.”
	Mike’s brow furrowed, “There isn’t a lot to pick from, Sergeant First Class.  In all honesty, relationships like that never last.”
	Walt clicked his teeth, “Let the kids have their fun.  There’s so little time these days.”
	Chad stopped beside Lexie.  She was currently occupied loading a clip for her rifle. “What are you doing?” She asked without making eye contact.
	“Trying to convince you.”
	“Convince me to what?”
	Chad laid a hand on her shoulder. “To not go on this raid.”
	“Only the boys can play with their guns?” Lexie shook her head.
	Chad sighed, “It’s not about that.  This is serious.  I don’t want to see anything happen to you.”
	“I did fine on San Clemente.  Besides, this isn’t just about us.  I’ve been in this war longer than you.  Those mercenaries killed Victor, my fiancé.  I’m not going to back off now.”
	“Please--”
	Lexie raised a hand, “This is my choice, not yours.” She reached a hand and clasped his cheek. “I’ll be fine.  You can trust me.”
	Derek stepped back into the restaurant where Travis was being held.  He managed to sneak a firearm from the armory despite so many uniforms.  Derek put his back to the wall, listening intently as Travis spoke.
	On the other side of the door, Robert leaned back with arms folded.  He was waiting for any reason to kill Travis.  But the Colonel was more than compliant.  Travis sighed before speaking into the receiver again. “Listen, Austin.  We’ve found a suitable place to stay in Payson.  We’re going out to scavenge, and we’re going dark.  I’ll report in at 0600 tomorrow.”
	“You alright?” Austin asked, “You sound a little worn out.”
	“I had a little to drink on the way down.  Everything alright up there?”
	“Per your orders, I’ve set up extra night patrols to the north and southeast.”
	“Any holes?”
	“All units report in every ten minutes.  If something goes down, we’ll know it.”
	Travis didn’t like someone eavesdropping on a security run through.  But Austin broadcast information without even a request. “Good,” Travis replied. “Stay vigilant, Austin.”
	“See you tomorrow, Colonel.”
	Travis hung up, “I’ve given you your window, Bobby.  But it won’t do you much good.”
	“I’ll decide that when the sun rises.”
	Derek stepped into the room with his weapon in hand. “We’ve got our window.” He slid the barrel to inject a bullet. “Now let’s handle this son of a bitch.”
	Rob outstretched an arm, “Wait!”
	Derek was taken aback. “Wait?  What the fuck is going on with you?  He’s the whole reason you’re here!”
	“I know--”
	“Sometimes you have to do what’s necessary, regardless of the circumstances or the consequences.” He raised the gun, “You’ve got three seconds to kill him, otherwise I will.”
	Robert clenched his teeth.  His eyes darted back to Travis, who was developing a smile. “Okay.” Rob drew his pistol and walked toward the restrained Colonel.
	Travis watched the gun, a hint of fear never crossing his face. “I wish I had something poetic to say here.”
	“I’m just glad this is over.” Robert pulled the hammer.  He put force under the trigger, feeling it squeeze in his grip.  The blood feud was almost finished.  Once Travis was dead, Nicole would be free and Robert wouldn’t have to look over his shoulder anymore. “Go to hell, you son of a--”
	“Drop it!” A voice demanded right before Robert fired the decisive bullet.  Robert spun around.  Behind Derek, Gordon had a gun planted in the former’s neck. “I said drop it!” Gordon repeated sternly.
	“What the hell?” Robert was confused. “Gordon, what are you doing?”
	“I’m sorry it had to come to this, Bobby.  I can’t go out fighting a war I have nothing to do with.” 
	Derek scoffed, “You sound convinced this stunt you’re pulling isn’t gonna--”
	“Shut up, Derek,” Gordon ordered, “I never liked you to begin with.  Don’t give me a reason.” He looked back at Rob. “Weapon on the ground, let him go.”
	Robert threw his gun to the floor, “Kendall was right.  I never should have trusted you.”
	Travis felt the cufflinks around his wrists loosen. “Don’t be so naïve, Bobby.  He’s only following the basic instinct of any human being, to survive.  But you’d know all about that, wouldn’t you.” Robert backed away with hands on his head.  Travis rose to a stand, collected the dropped pistol, and looked Rob in the eyes. “Oh, how the tables have turned.”
	“You aren’t going to make it out the door.” Robert let himself believe.  A fist jabbed into his gut.  Rob keeled forward, and was witness to Travis’ boot swinging up to meet him.  The boot struck him in the face with enough force to knock him unconscious.
	Travis approached Derek, “Bobby never had the balls to make that extra step.  Into the darker shades of gray.  So I lead myself to assume, you killed Eric?”
	“I did,” Derek replied. “He tried to kill my family.”
	Travis smirked, “I should thank you.  Eric didn’t truly have the heart for this line of work.” He put his pistol in the other hand, then extended his arm to shake.
	Derek shook his head. “You sanctioned the murder of a pregnant woman, someone who wouldn’t hurt a soul, wouldn’t speak ill of anyone friend or foe.  An innocent, beautiful girl.  Her name was Nicole.  Then you walked on our land and your men murdered the woman I loved.  Her name was Kate.  I wanted to spend the rest of my life with her.  So the last thing I want, is condolences from a monster like you.”
	Travis nodded, “I understand.” He suddenly swung Bobby’s pistol, banging Derek on the temple and putting him down.  The Colonel glanced back at Gordon. “You have transport ready?”
	“Not yet,” Gordon replied, “I’m winging it.  There are some humvees parked out back.  We need to get moving now.”
	Travis followed Gordon out the door. “What’s security like?”
	Gordon peered through the blinds of a window. “They’re arming themselves for the siege tonight.  It’ll be hard to sneak a vehicle.”
	Travis stopped by the door, “What, did you think this was going to be easy?” Gordon hesitated, but soon followed him out.  The two ducked under a brick barrier.  Only a few yards past it, a truck was waiting with keys in the ignition. “You can talk like a traitor, but can you shoot like one?”
	Gordon nodded, “I’m for hire.  These faces mean nothing to me.” He drew Travis’ pistol from under his hip. “I think this belongs to you.”
	Travis took the revolver, “That’s my Charlotte.” He spun the roll, checking all six slugs plugged in and ready to fire.
	“Let’s try to avoid fire as much as possible.” Gordon looked up. “I can see a path.  If we stay low through the grass to the right, we can sneak into that humvee without being spotted.”
	Travis gave the scenario a scan with his own trained eye. “You seem to know what you’re doing.  But if we’re spotted, don’t expect me to hold back.” The two skimmed under the wall, dropping into foliage to better avoid detection.  It was a slow and tedious process, but they were keeping a low profile.
	Jacob clicked his radio, “Bobby, what’s your status?” He’d gone in to monitor Travis’ next call less than ten minutes ago.  But he had yet to hear back or even see Robert in that amount of time. “Rob, can you hear me?” His stare went dead, and he sprinted down the hall for the office where Travis was being held.
	Jacob reached for the knob as soon as he got there.  It registered as locked.  Jacob took a step back, then kicked it open easily with a single boot.  On the ground right in front of him, he spotted two bodies. “All units, the prisoner is loose.” Jacob reported it as soon as he saw allies on the floor.  He immediately dropped down beside Rob and Derek to check whether they were still breathing.
	Walter ripped his rifle off the table. “Everyone hear that?” He yelled.
	“Hoo-ah,” Lexie snatched her carbine up, aiming first for the building, then looking over the terrain.  Her sight fixated on the brick wall the two were hiding behind.  She wasn’t sure, but kept a wary eye in that direction.
	Mike drew his pistol and called back on the radio, “Is the building secure?”
	“Not yet,” Jacob replied. “Rob, get up.”
	Robert shook awake, his face streaming with fresh pools of blood from a broken nose. “Gordon.”
	“What?” Jacob asked.
	“Gordon.  He’s helping Travis.”
	Jacob nodded. “Be advised, Gordon is helping the prisoner.  We have personnel down, shoot to kill.”
	Mike and two others kicked into the door that Gordon and Travis used not one minute ago.  Travis clutched the Beretta Robert dropped. “We’re out of time.  We need to get moving now.”
	“Just wait.” Gordon replied.
	Travis spotted a flash grenade on Gordon’s belt. “I’m not waiting to die, partner.” He snatched the flash bang, pulled the pin, and threw the device into the center of the mass of soldiers just beyond the humvee.
	Lexie clamped her eyes shut and covered them with her hands.  The bang was painful to her ears, but she covered her eyes before her sight could be blinded.  She looked about deafly, focusing on where the grenade may have come from.  Movement caught her peripheral.  She raised her rifle and peppered shots around the two.
	Travis jumped behind a tree, shooting blind with the twelve round clip.  He emptied the gun after it clicked empty.  As he glanced over, Gordon was firing his assault rifle over the wall, albeit fairly wide.  Travis clicked his teeth in dissatisfaction.  The Colonel loaded another magazine, slid the lock, and rose to fire this time.  Three bullets were direct impact.
	Chad took a round to the chest, though he’d just thrown on a flak jacket when the firefight started.  Two marines were also struck on their plates and were knocked off their feet from the momentum.  Another three soldiers dropped clutching scrapes to extremities.  Chad coughed, looking about at the events surrounding him as the stars faded and his clarity returned.  His eyes locked onto Lexie when she sprinted from cover to the next.  The soldier dizzily found level footing.
	Travis dove from his hiding place and fired on the run.  The Colonel jumped into the seat of the closest humvee after being in the open for two seconds.  He twisted the keys in the ignition.  As he felt the engine come to life, a dozen bullets cracked into the windshield.  Travis was sure to keep low when the fire came.  He jerked the transmission into reverse and backed up to the wall Gordon was hiding behind. “Get in, worthless.” Gordon threw himself into the back seat as fast as he could.
	Lexie was right on his heels, turning the key in another humvee.  As she peeled out, she heard Walter key up on the radio. “They’ve taken a humvee!”
	“I’m right on them!” Lexie spun the wheel, drifting the truck in the dirt roadway.
	Travis put his foot down on the gas, reversing at a swiftly jumping velocity.  He knew there was a wooden fence in this direction.  But a military transport could handle most, if not everything.  Travis clutched the wheel, “Hold on.” Gordon braced, lying down in the back seat of the car.  Travis clenched his teeth and gripped the wheel just as the moment came.  The truck bounced over the two logs of wood easily.  Only a split second of airtime came through.  Travis ripped the wheel hard to the left.  On the grassy terrain, the car spun around with ease.
	Lexie punched the gas when the path opened up.  She slid through the gap, and lost no velocity in a small bump.  The Staff Sergeant drew her pistol.  She fired a shot out the window, ten feet behind the target vehicle. “You’re going down.”
	Chad was in the next vehicle, taking to level streets.  Unfortunately, this cut them back from the lead vehicle. “Who’s behind him?”
	“Lexie.” Walter replied.
	Chad wrenched the radio, “Lexie, pull back!  Don’t chase him alone!”
	Lexie let off the rest of her magazine, but didn’t make contact with any tires. “I’m gonna try to spin him out.”
	“Lexie, back off!” Lexie rolled her eyes, dropped the radio, and fit a new mag in while simultaneously holding the wheel.
	Travis growled. “You want to make yourself useful, get on the gun.”
	“It doesn’t have any ammo.” Gordon replied from the back seat.
	“Well, shoot back somehow!” Travis growled.
	Lexie pumped the gas in neutral, throttling the humvee forward with a quick burst of speed.  The truck jolted forward and found itself only a few feet behind Travis’ car.  Lexie clenched her teeth, then launched the wheel hard right.
	Travis was taken off guard by the sudden impact to his truck.  He lacked the precision necessary to keep traction.  The humvee he commandeered spun relentlessly on the highway.  The wheels caught while inertia carried weight on.  The truck rolled on its side, barreling two revolutions before landing on the wheels.  The humvee came to a dead halt, completely disabled by damage to the engine and transmission.
	Lexie pulled to a stop in front of the truck.  She removed herself from the humvee with her sidearm drawn.  As she approached, a voice called in from the radio. “Lexie, stand down!” She recognized Chad’s voice.
	“Target vehicle has been stopped,” Lexie reported, “I’m removing the occupants now.”
	“Lexie, stop!” Chad’s recommendations went unheard.  Lexie approached, raising the weapon to run down the sights from her eye.
	The girl clenched her teeth, “Out of the vehicle, hands on your head!” She watched as Gordon stupidly withdrew from the truck.  He was still spinning from the spin and roll the truck went through.  A fresh blood stain to his face was slow to coagulate. “Get down!” She screamed, aiming her pistol to ensure her orders followed through.
	Gordon slumped to the ground, spreading out and putting his hands on his head. “Okay,” he said.  His head was still spinning, so any resistance he made wouldn’t make a difference.  He failed to get out with Travis.  Now they’d probably kill him.
	Lexie stepped toward the driver’s seat.  She stood her ground a few paces away, eyes locked on Travis slumped over the wheel. “Get out.” He didn’t respond.  Lexie clenched her teeth and reached for the door.  As she put her hand on it, the body came back to life in a lightning quick maneuver.  Lexie didn’t have any time to respond.
	Travis swung the door open as hard as he could.  The door frame smacked her on the head and threw her off balance.  As soon as she was backpedaling from quite possibly a concussion, Travis drew his pistol.  Lexie locked eyes on him, her weapon still aimed in his direction.  But she didn’t pull the trigger fast enough.  A cold blast rushed into her stomach and the echo of a gunshot resounded through the forest.
	Lexie’s hands were shaking.  She dropped the gun, looking down to see a hole in her gut and spatters of blood landing on the blacktop.  Her breath was short.  Her legs gave out from beneath her.  Lexie gulped, looking up to see Travis sprinting for her humvee.  A spell of dizziness ran over her and she fell on her back.
	Chad’s eyes were wide with horror when Lexie fell to the ground. “Christ,” he said under his breath.  He put his foot down on the gas trying to get there as soon as possible.  He stomped on the brakes when the truck came close enough.  Chad jumped from the car after ripping the transmission to park. “Stop him!” He yelled to the others, sprinting for the injured woman.  Chad slid to a stop at her side, his lips quivering and eyes watering. “Lexie.” He tapped her cheek.  Lexie’s bloodshot and streaming eyes rolled open. “Listen, you’re going to be fine.”
	Lexie was short of breath. “I should have listened.” She stuttered as she spoke.
	Chad grabbed his radio, “Gibbs is down, I need a medic now!”
	Scott snapped a pair of latex gloves on as soon as the report came in.  He sent Walt a concerned look, which was returned in earnest. “What’s her status.”
	“Entry wound, lower abdomen.  High caliber.” Her eyes rolled back, and she started to shiver. “She’s going into shock.”
	“We’re almost there, Chad.” Walt reported, skidding to a halt and leaving a cloud of white smoke rising from the tires.  Scott ran up with a first aid kit.
	Chad brushed Lexie’s hair, “Lexie, stay awake!”
	“I’m sorry.”
	“Why?” Chad shook his head. “This isn’t your fault.”
	“I should have--”
	“Stop,” he cut her off, “don’t talk.  Just look at my eyes, focus on my voice.  You’ll be fine.” Chad begged her to believe what he was saying.  He was begging himself to believe it more.
	Travis looked back at the scene unfolding.  The closest pursuer was a half mile behind.  They wouldn’t be able to catch him before he reached the camp.  As he looked back at the road ahead, a smirk ran over his face. “Survival of the fittest, Gordon.  Good luck.” Now that Travis was free, he’d have ample time to get his soldiers ready for an attack.  He now knew it was going down tonight.  Which meant they’d have to get everything ready in a matter of hours.

Day 773 Part III
Departures

	The restaurant door swung open, impaling the wall with a resounding bang.  Robert, Derek, and Jacob were witness to the horror as it unfolded.  Chad and Scott ran in carrying a stretcher.  On the stretcher, Lexie bloody hands squeezed an agonizing injury.  Rob put his hands on his head, incapable of ingesting the sight.  His jaw shook and he found himself struggling to breathe.
	Chad and Scott lifted Lexie onto the closest table.  Scott peeled a crimson gauze pad from the wound.  Lexie let out an agonized cry when cold air swept into raw flesh. “The bullet’s inside.”
	“Can you get it out?” Chad asked worriedly.
	“That’s the million dollar question.”
	Walt finished checking Lexie’s pulse, “Her pulse is critical.  A shot of morphine could kill her.”
	Lexie groaned stiffly, “Do your worst, Sergeant.”
	Chad ran into the storeroom and quickly returned with a bottle of whiskey. “We’ll have to do it the old fashioned way.”
	Lexie had little strength, but saw something to take her mind off the pain.  She ripped it out of his hand and immediately started gulping as much as she could intake without vomiting.  Chad was left little choice but to tear it out of her grip when she refused to stop drinking.  Lexie clenched her teeth, waiting for the buzz to turn into intoxication and her extremities to numb.
	Chad leaned down beside her, “Lexie, they’re going to take the bullet out.  It’s going to hurt.  I need you to stay with me.  Do you understand.”
	Lexie’s head swiveled, one of many signs that the ether was doing its job.  She loosely nodded. “Yeah.”
	“I’ll be right beside you the whole time.” He wrapped his hand around hers.
	Tears were filling in her eyes, “Okay.” She took a few deep breaths, “I’m ready.”
	Chad sent Scott a nod.  As the medic approached with a fiber optic camera, Lexie cringed, clamping her eyes and teeth shut.  The worst kind of pain was the one you expected.  Scott steadied his operating hand with the other, and carefully slid the tube inside.  He tried to avoid touching the walls of the bullet cavity, but there was little chance of success under a situation as stressful as this.
	Lexie whimpered as the optic dug into her wound, for despite the medic’s precision it was still going to hurt.  Chad felt her grip around his palm tighten. “The bullet expanded after entry,” Scott said after he pulled the camera out. “But it didn’t burrow deep.”
	“Is she gonna be alright?”
	Scott turned and picked up a hemostat. “The slug that hit her was pretty big.  I’m surprised it didn’t put her in shock.” He guided the hemostat in until reaching the projectile that caused her injury.  Lexie groaned when the bullet dislodged from internal organs.  The medic slowly started to pull it free. “It’s almost out, but this is where it’s going to hurt.”
	Lexie looked over at Scott. “Just get it over with.”
	Chad brushed her hair again, “It’s almost over.  Stay strong.”
	Scott began to tug.  The sides of the bullet expanded.  Removing it from the much smaller entry cavity was going to be tough and painful.  Any doctor with a sedated patient would widen the hole with a scalpel and stitch it back up.  But Scott didn’t have the benefit of a sedated patient. “Like they say: no pain, no gain.” He started to withdraw the tool, bringing with it the deformed projectile.  The expanded round dragged on the edges of her wound, bringing Lexie to cringe in suffering.  Scott tugged slowly until the blood lubricated the wound enough to slide the intruder out.  He licked his lips in concentration as the bullet was released from its victim.  He dropped it on the adjacent counter and sighed deeply. “It’s out.”
	The medic set it on the counter and quickly applied pressure to the entry cavity.  Lexie moaned, but felt that it was over and a feeling of satisfaction ran across her face.  Of course it may have also been the alcohol.  Walt wasn’t so convinced.  He picked the bullet up and gave it a thorough look. “Scott.  This bullet didn’t just expand, it fragmented.”
	“What?” Chad’s face turned white.
	“What does that mean?” Lexie asked worriedly.
	“You’ve got some shrapnel left over.” Scott replied. “I need to get back in there.” Lexie shivered before another rush of agony came over her.  She screamed from making the slightest movement, suffering pain not even the alcohol could hold back.  Scott tried to remove the padding, but she began to convulse and seize. “Fuck.”
	“What’s going on?”
	“I need antibiotics!”
	Robert walked out of the dining room, unable to bear feeling so useless.  The sudden grief turned to anger and hate.  Rob stomped into the office where Gordon was being guarded.  He walked past Mike and Luke before reaching the traitor backed against a wall.  Rob stomped toward him and threw a punch. “You motherfucker!”
	Rob hit like a tornado and Gordon didn’t have the strength to defend himself.  He hit the ground with the single strike and covered his face with his arms.  Rob lifted Gordon by his collar, then pushed him into the computer screen.  The screen cracked, Gordon suffering a momentary blackout.  Rob kicked Gordon face forward over the desk.  Gordon crashed to the ground after rolling over the desk and came to a stop on his back.
	“Why did you do it?” Rob screamed, raising and leaning Gordon against the desk.  He proceeded to bash the man in the abdomen and ribs.
	Gordon was given a moment. “I was watching my own back.  This operation is suicide.”
	Robert kicked Gordon in the legs, then launched his elbow into Gordon’s nose. “You’re the reason Lexie’s on that table!” On his knees, Gordon took another kick to the side of the face.  His head pounded against the desk.
	“Rob!” Luke spoke up.
	“I can’t make you hurt enough for this!” Rob grabbed Gordon’s collar and bashed it against the desk.  Gordon toppled down against the desk.  He glanced up to meet a kneecap to the cheek.
	“Rob!” Luke yelled louder, but Robert wasn’t listening.
	“I need to tell you something,” Gordon admitted.
	“You can’t explain this,” Rob threw another punch that landed on Gordon’s eyebrow.
	Luke stepped up and ripped Robert away from the traitor.  The kid was a lot stronger than he appeared when he pushed Rob against a wall ferociously. “Take a walk!” Luke screamed. “Save your strength for tonight!” He released Rob, backing away with a hand on his pistol holster.
	Rob swung his hands in the air.  He was horrified, livid, and dejected at the same time, every feeling of grief amplified knowing it was George’s daughter who was dying.  Robert had only ever known a grief like this once before, on a snowy February day…when all the happiness was stolen from his heart.  He stepped out the door and swung it shut, a shrill bang slamming in everyone’s ears.  Gordon lifted his head from the ground to see Robert was gone.  Comforted that the assault was over, he passed out from exhaustion.
	Walt leaned against a wall facing the counter.  Scott removed himself from Lexie’s side.  He approached to silently confer with his leader. “I was able to stave off the sepsis, but she’s got massive internal bleeding around the cavity.”
	“Give it to me straight, Sergeant.”
	“The hollow point mangled her insides.  There‘s too much damage to fix and not enough time as fast as she’s bleeding out.”
	Walt took a deep breath.  He felt his eyes watering, so turned his head and closed his eyes. “There’s nothing we can do.” Walter rephrased.
	“She’d need more painkillers than we could give her just to survive the surgery.  I did all I could without killing her myself.”
	Walt put a hand on Scott’s shoulder.  Chad saw the movement and clenched his teeth in sorrow.  He looked back down at the young woman dying on the table.  Lexie had been put under to help them operate.  But the pain brought her to wake.  She laid silently, listening to the words being spoken around her.  Walt closed his eyes, stifling a sob. “How long.”
	“A few minutes.” Scott admitted.
	Chad heard the time allotted.  So did Lexie.  The two made eye contact, looking deep into one another’s soul.  Lexie smiled. “Don’t ever forget me.”
	Chad clenched his teeth in anguish, “You’re not gone yet.”
	Lexie bit her lip trying to hold back the welling in her eyes. “You can still be happy.”
	“Not without you.” Chad replied solemnly.  He’d loved this girl from the moment he set sight on her.  Almost two years ago, when Nova arrived at Fort Carson.  It was just for a fortnight, but Chad found a crush he couldn’t forget.  It was miraculous chance they were reunited at the outpost.  He didn’t care that they’d only recently taken their relationship to the next level.  Everything about her was perfect.  And in this moment, he had to take in that perfection for it was so long until she was lost. “You were my second chance.”
	Lexie smiled, “And you were mine.”
	“I’ll get who did this, I promise.”
	“Don’t die for me, Chad.  They need you.”
	Chad wrapped a hand around hers, “I need you.”
	Robert couldn’t stand to listen to the conversation anymore.  The woman who’d been throwing herself at him since they’d met was dying.  The daughter of his deceased savior, a father to him…which made her more a sister.  He’d always been trying to look out for her.  But this was the one time he couldn’t be there.
	Robert walked into the manager’s office and closed the door behind him.  He stood there in silence, the sorrow swelling in his veins.  Once again he was subjected to the pain of losing family.  The fingers in both hand curled into fists.  The agony turned to anger in a matter of seconds.  He had more than enough time to kill Travis.  But he couldn’t do it and fate turned against him in the worst of ways.  Rob grabbed the flat screen monitor and launched it into a nearby wall.  The screen shattered and metal components flew in all directions.
	Robert next went for the desk, rolling it with his arms and kicking it into the far wall.  He threw a punch into the wall while tears started to stream down his face.  He put his other hand through the wall, and was suddenly wrenched away.  Derek grabbed Robert’s arms from behind and constricted them in his grip. “Bobby, stop!” Derek yelled.  Robert cringed his eyes and teeth as he was overwhelmed with heartache. “You’re gonna kill yourself doing this!  We need you, now more than ever.” Derek’s voice was breaking, Robert could hear.
	Robert felt his cousin release the strain.  He turned around slowly, where Derek could see the tears running down his face. “I didn’t kill Travis. Every chance I had, and I couldn’t kill him!”
	“Bobby, get your head on your shoulders.” Derek stared into Robert’s eyes.   He cleared his throat.  The reality of the situation covered up the anguish he was feeling. “I’m sorry.  But you need to stay focused.” He released his grip.  Robert squeezed his hands over his head. “Travis is out.  Which means we are out of time.  He could be sending an army back to us right now.  We need to move the civilians out of this town.”
	Robert clenched his eyes shut.  He hated the feeling of losing someone every time.  But Lexie was different from the others. “I’m sorry I couldn’t protect her, George.”
	Chad watched as Lexie’s eyes started to flutter.  Her breath was becoming sporadic.  Her extremities were shaking and her lips quivered. “It’s cold.” She stuttered as she spoke.
	Chad collected an unused towel and threw it over her. “You’ll be fine,” he sniffled.
	A faint smile crossed her lips. “Dad’s waiting for me.”
	Chad clenched his teeth, fighting off the agony pouring in like a broken dam.  His fists wrapped in fury, blood running down his legs like fire.  The vengeance was creeping in. “Save a space for me.”
	“You’re a good man, Chad.  You were always there when I needed you.  You made me feel…alive…” her eyes fluttered, a choked exhale released, and the body went still.  Chad closed his eyes.  His head tilted forward.  He didn’t want to grieve.  Chad’s mind was trying to convince him this was all just a nightmare that needed to end.  Walter and Scott couldn’t hide their grief either.  Chad’s stifled sobs grew to shrill wails.
	Mike found his composure to be the strongest.  He approached the bawling soldier standing over Lexie’s body.  Michael dropped to his knees and put his arms around Chad, tightly embracing him. “Chad, I’m here.” Crawford buried his head into Mike’s shoulder, sobbing miserably.  Mike clenched his teeth and averted his eyes from the lifeless body, but he could see his vision blurring from teardrops.
	Jacob was down the hall with half an ear on either side.  The howls of Chad made it clear.  He gulped and clenched his eyes shut.  His ears concentrated on the slow breaths sliding from his nostrils.  It was one of his tested methods to cope.  The marine stepped into the office, where both Robert and Derek were waiting in silence.  He struggled to let the words out. “She’s gone.”
	Rob started to pull hairs from his head.  He didn’t want to feel emotional pain and tried to blot it out with physical pain.  It wasn’t helping.  Derek was distraught to hear the news.  He remembered meeting her in Colorado.  It’s been nearly two years she allied herself with the outpost.  Derek hated to come to the realization that everybody died someday, and there was no evading mortality’s clutches.
	Chad raised his head.  His eyes were bloodshot and dry, teeth were clenched, muscles were flexed. “Why?” Chad asked coldly. “Why her?”
	Michael rubbed Chad on the back, “It’s not our choice who lives or dies.”
	Chad’s eyes were red with sorrow.  But his blood started to boil. “That monster lives where Lexie dies.” He jumped to his feet and started toward the office. “That’s bullshit.”
	Robert shook his head. “I’m sorry it came to this.”
	“What are we even doing here?” Jacob asked.
	“You don’t understand, I need to do this.”
	“Why?” Derek tilted his head confusedly.
	“Because until Travis is dead, Nicole’s soul won’t be at peace.”
	Jacob shook his head, “Really?”
	“She came to me again, Jake.  She told me I need to do this, otherwise she’ll be stuck in a parallel between the living and the dead.  That’s why she keeps visiting me.”
	“She visited me too, Bobby.” Derek shook his head. “How is that possible?”
	“Don’t ask me, Derek.  I don’t know how death works.  From what she told me, she made a deal with her savior.  Ever since she died, she’s been guiding lost souls to the other side.  Angel of death.” Rob took a seat.  Derek and Jacob sent each other a stunned glance.  Derek was about to speak up when the door kicked open.
	Chad’s fists were clenched as he stomped into the room, “This is all your fault!” Chad threw a punch at Rob.  Robert suffered a blow to the cheek and fell from the chair.  Chad withdrew his leg to launch a kick, but Derek wrapped an arm around Chad’s neck before a sequel blow could be made.
	“Back off!” Derek screamed. “We’ve got enough problems without you trying to kill one of us.”
	“He’s not one of us!” Chad screamed, a tone borne of anguish, “He can’t even kill the one man he’s here to!”
	“Chad!” Mike yelled. “Stop!”
	“We can’t fall apart now!” Jacob yelled above them all. “By now, Travis could be back at the camp telling everyone we’re here.  Our primary concern is getting the civilians away from Forest Lakes before a search party comes.”
	The uniformed soldiers left the office, leaving only Robert and Derek.  Chad had to be escorted away with Mike to avoid any more conflict.  Typical to trauma, the sorrow turned to vengeance and soon enough the whole world was blind.  Robert took a deep breath, looking out at the highway a few meters away. “Damn it.”
	Derek closed his eyes.  He was letting the grief slip in for as much as he could handle. “Okay.”
	“What?” Robert asked, his eyes still glued to the highway and a number of soldiers beginning evacuation procedures.
	“You called it…I’m in.”
	Robert turned around, “You’re in?”
	“You’re going to need a spotter tonight.  And I don’t trust you going in alone.”
	“Derek, don’t.  What about your daughter--”
	“She’ll understand.”
	“I don’t want to be responsible for you--”
	“You won’t have to be,” Derek replied. “You’ve seen me in action, you know I can handle myself.”
	“Derek--”
	Derek lifted a finger. “I’m going in, Rob.  Right now we need all the guns we can get.” He stepped out of the office.  Robert followed close behind and watched as Derek picked up the M4 carbine Lexie left behind.  There were still blood stains lining the polymer frame.  Derek sighed as he examined it for any faults.  The magazine was a third full.  Derek wandered toward Lexie’s still body.  He bit his lip, looking at her lifeless face draining of color.  Her cheeks were stained with lines of crimson running down from the mouth.  Derek used some of his shirt to wipe the blood away.  Derek slid a few strands of hair out of her face and closed her open, soulless eyes from the reeling masses. “Sleep without fear, Lex.”
	Derek began to check her pockets for magazines.  He also took her empty holster and threw it around his own leg.  Robert sighed, “Derek, please.  I can’t let you do this.”
	“Why?  Do you think I want to die tonight?  I’ve been to hell and back, and I guarantee this has nothing to do with a desire for suicide.  I’m doing this because this is war.”
	“My war.” Robert replied.
	“They killed Kate, just like they killed Nikki.  You can’t be selfish and call this your war.  It’s ours, has been ever since they stepped foot on the outpost.”
	“My fault,” Robert clenched his teeth.
	“Stop doubting yourself.  It may have been your mistake.  But in the long run, you saved as many people as you could.  Nothing is your fault.  The only thing your guilty of is justice.  You can’t stand to see Travis walk free murdering innocent people.  Neither can I.”
	Robert nodded, “Okay.  I won’t stop you.”
	Derek smirked. “Just like old times, brother?”
	Robert put a hand on Derek’s shoulder, “Two brothers in a hailstorm.”
	Following an evacuation and quick arming of everything necessary for the attack, the RV and other humvees drove civilians back toward the rim.  Robert and Derek along with other team leaders were in a conference over the radio running through the mission template.
	Walter keyed up, “All units synchronize times.  Watches set at 1643 hours, over.” A number of replies came through from seven different team leaders.  Corbin and Gustavo flew the helicopter in the same direction, keeping a wary eye on what was behind them.  The war they came for could have been coming to them preemptively.
	Robert clicked his mike, “Jester copies, 1643 hours.”
	“All units, we are go for the strike tonight.  Now that Travis is free, they’re going to be expecting company, which is why we’ve vacated Forest Lakes.  Everyone state your objective.”
	Tom keyed up once Walter finished, “Able will approach from the north, rappel to ground level, and proceed to the northeast section of camp.”
	Master Sergeant Martinez grabbed his radio, “Beta is to insert at the northwest corner and clear Meadowlark cabins.”
	“Charlie will enter from the west cordon, thinning out resistance and assisting Beta if necessary.” Sergeant Major Lockwood reported.
	“Nova and Delta are moving in from the southeast to the center of camp using the dorms for cover.” Walter reported for both his and Chad’s units.  He already knew Chad was a risk as team leader following Lexie’s passing, and considered replacing the leadership position with someone who wasn’t so emotionally conflicted.
	Gunnery Sergeant Kirkland finished off the assault teams, “Echo is to approach from the south and provide suppressing fire for other teams.”
	Corbin answered for the airborne unit. “Falcon will hold back until the element of surprise is lost, then proceed to the combat area and provide air and sniper support.”
	Robert was the last.  He glanced at Derek with a concerned look. “You sure you’re ready for this?”
	In the back, Sandra was a little perplexed, “Ready for what?” She eyed her father worriedly.
	Derek nodded. “Hell, yeah.”
	“Dad, what’s going on?”
	Robert unclipped his radio, “Jester will approach from the east and provide sniper support from the Cedar Ridge overlook.”
	Sandra shivered, “Dad, answer me.”
	Derek shrugged, “I’m going in with Robert.”
	“What, why--”
	“I don’t want him going in alone.” Derek cut her off. “And I have a stake in this war, too.  If it wasn’t for Travis, Katie would still be alive.”
	Sandra shot back, “And you’d never know I was alive.”
	Robert glanced back at her, “I’ll keep an eye on him, I promise.”
	Sandra bit her lip, “Bring him back alive, Bobby.  Promise me that.”
	Rob locked eyes with her through the rear-view mirror. “I promise I will bring him back alive.”
	Hiding deeper in the forest near Woods Canyon, a pair of humvees pulled to a stop.  Robert and a half dozen others exited with a piece of meat they would have left for dead.  But they wanted this betrayal to be dealt with.  Gordon was thrown to the ground, and Chad instantly drew his firearm. “Why, Gordon?  Why did you have to do it?”
	Mike yelled, “One of us is dead because of you!”
	“Lexie is dead!” Chad screamed.  He slid back the chamber.
	“I need to say something!” Gordon screamed, raising his hands.
	Robert lowered Chad’s aim, “What is it?”
	Gordon let a sigh escape his lungs. “I need to say it to Melanie.”
	Jacob clenched his teeth.  From the moment he met Gordon Welker, the lone wolf staggering around San Diego, he knew something was suspicious.  Hearing he needed to talk to Melanie struck a cord.  This man killed Daniel Bowers, their medic and a friend from the beginning.  Jacob reserved his anger and clicked the radio. “Scott, bring Melanie here.”
	“Understood,” Scott reported.  He sent Melanie an awkward glance from the rear view mirror.
	It took a few minutes, but Melanie eventually reached the rest stop where Gordon was being detained.  She approached with a confused stare.  Robert led her to the prisoner, sitting against the wall of a bathroom house with blood lining his face.  Gordon sent her a look. “Melanie,” he said weakly. “There’s something I need to tell you.”
	Melanie tilted her head.  The shock of hearing he was a traitor made her already suspicious. “What?”
	“I killed Dan.  I shot him with my rifle that day you pulled into the Naval yard.”
	Melanie shook her head, almost lightheaded.  Logan reached out and gave her a hand.  Melanie wrapped her arms around Mike, the feeling too much to overcome at first.  She never thought his husband’s killer was a snake in the grass this close to them for so long.  Melanie hated to repress the memories, but there was no other way to get past it. “Why are you telling me this?” The distraught woman asked after wiping her eyes.
	“I couldn’t live this lie.  They’re going to kill me anyway.  I’m responsible for Lexie’s death too, now.  I only have this chance to tell you the truth.  Make amends, come clean…let someone deserving have their justice done.  If anyone deserves it against me, it’s you.”
	Melanie looked away, taking unsteady breaths.  She felt her own blood starting to boil. “You murdered my fiancee, then you joined us.  What are you?”
	Gordon sighed, “A lone wolf.  Free of the sorrow you’re all feeling.”
	“You’re not free,” Melanie ripped the sidearm out of Mike’s holster.  Mike was taken aback and couldn’t put words in his mouth before Melanie was firing on Gordon.  The man took six fatal gunshots to the chest.  Melanie wouldn’t stop with just one shot.  That wasn’t painful enough for her.  She continued firing until Mike wrestled the gun out of her grip nine rounds later.  Everyone was looking at her in shock and awe.  Melanie sent Gordon’s still body one last glimpse. “Not from me.” She looked at Mike, who was trying to console her.  She looked around, to see everyone was stunned.
	“Mel--” Mike tried to stop her.
	Melanie raised a hand. “I’ll be fine, Michael.  I can look after everyone when you go in.” She leaned in and kissed him on the cheek, “Just make sure you come back in one piece.” Mike nodded with a smile.
	Jacob cleared his throat, “Everyone clear on what needs to happen tonight?” Walter and the others nodded their heads in silence. “Well, I would give a motivating speech to get everybody pumped.  But I’m not going to lie.  We’re in for a long night, and they’ll be expecting us now.  All I can say is keep your guard up, watch your corner, and don’t give them anything.”
	Tom walked to the front of the pack. “Hell’s got some fresh graves for us tonight, leathernecks!  Let’s not disappoint!” Every soldier screamed their war cry, the sounds echoing across the valley below.

Day 774
Calm Before the Storm

	The night was too quiet.  Even though Travis returned before sunset, he didn’t send an armada.  He wanted to fight this war the way he originally planned, at the gates of the camp.  How many men he lost didn’t matter.  So long as he had his one final encounter with Robert.  And with his patrols on high alert reporting in every ten minutes, the breach would soon be known.  Travis clicked his jaw, then sent a glance to his watch.  It read 0123. “I hope you didn’t bitch out, Bobby.” He clicked the radio, “All units, report in.”
	Travis was host to a dozen different sentries calling back.  Austin approached from behind, “What do you think, Colonel?”
	“They’re just biding their time.” Travis replied. “I made this personal just for Bobby.  Because of me, Nicole is dead.  Robert wants his revenge.  That’s the only reason he’d be foolish enough to come here.”
	“You know, there was a time you didn’t want that responsibility.” Austin raised a finger. “Said Brian went off the deep end and murdered her in cold blood.”
	Travis returned him a solemn glance. “There was a time I thought this militia would do some good.  Before I saw three thousand miles of blood and fire.  Why shouldn’t I be responsible for one more?  Some would beg to argue I saved her from the undead.”
	A few miles away, the helicopter hovered over the dense forest.  Able unit’s fire team was the last to drop in and Robert and Derek hitched the last ride.  Robert and Derek prepared themselves, knowing they had a long trek just to reach the camp.  Robert slung an M14 rifle over his shoulder, checked the chamber of his M4 carbine, and secured his M9 Beretta.  Everything was ready to fire and needed only the click of a safety.
	Derek did the same, scanning the M110 Robert handed off to him.  He threw on the ghillie suit and vaguely remembered it being a lot tighter.  Derek raised his head to see Robert giving him an uneasy look. “What?”
	“Last chance to go home.”
	Derek smirked, “I am home.” He turned for the door and threw the rope out his side.
	As Derek was ready to fast-rope, Jacob extended an arm and grabbed his shoulder. “Take care of yourself, superstar!”
	Derek nodded and smiled. “Give ‘em hell, Major.” Derek disappeared into the forest.  Robert sent Jacob a salute before grabbing his own rope and descending through the trees to the forest floor.  Rob and Derek hit the deck, falling prone on the ground in the odd case a sentry patrol this far out heard or saw them.  After a few moments to let the helicopter drift away, they started to push west slowly and carefully.
	Corbin pushed the stick forward, “Jester is on the deck, proceeding to Able unit’s drop zone, over.”
	“Beta has reached the staging area one mile from the perimeter,” Trevor Martinez reported. “Holding until other units are in position, over.”
	Sam Lockwood came over the mike next, “Charlie reports the same, over.”
	“Delta-Nova is disembarking from the highway now,” Walter reported.  As one, a convoy of three humvees with the lights turned out made a sudden turn off the road and shut down.  Twelve men jumped out of the trucks and quickly disappeared into the forest.  Among them, Miguel and Joseph had doubt in their minds, but they kept their composure among the experienced fighters.
	“Echo is disabling traps to the south of the perimeter.  We’ll be in optimal position in ten minutes, over.”
	“Copy that,” Jacob answered. “All units, be aware.  The enemy will be expecting company.  Keep your guard up and move slow.  We’re going to have to be perfect.”
	Robert and Derek treaded at a steady pace, checking all their corners through enhanced scopes and trying not to trip any potential traps.  Robert knew from a previous visit that one tripped flare could light up the sky like a sun for miles.  Derek peeked through the scope.  He had another worry on top of the security parameters: the undead.  Because no matter where, nobody could say the zombies were gone from any specific location.
	Derek and Robert dropped to a knee after going a couple hundred yards. “We’ll stop here,” Robert said, “wait for Able squad to touch down.”
	Derek took a swig of water, “I’m surprised the suit held up so well.”
	“Is it taking a toll on you?”
	“Not really.  Chalk it up to muscle memory.”
	Robert smirked. “Whatever happens tonight--”
	“Don’t start, Bobby.  You aren’t dying on me and I’m not dying on you.”
	“We had a good run.”
	“The run’s not over yet.” Derek patted Rob on the shoulder. “Stay in one piece, I don’t think I can take the stress.”
	The Seahawk slowed to a hover over a small patch of land.  Two ropes slid out of the fuselage, and three sets of two men fast-roped to solid ground.  The soldiers touched the ground and scattered five meters away from the drop zone.  They formed a circle, with eyes on a full 360 degrees.  After a few silent moments passed, Tom clicked his radio, “Able is on the deck, proceeding to the staging area, over.” His squad rose into a run, and darkness soon overtook them as well.
	“Falcon is pulling back to the LZ.” The blades roar dissipated and soon extinguished.  Jacob peered through his rifle scope, finding a spot of light over the ridge a couple miles away.  It wouldn’t be long until he was right over that fire.  He glanced down at the locket, the only memento he had to remember Alyssa.
	Luke glanced at the locket, “Saying goodbye?”
	Jake shook his head, “I’d call it a long overdue hello.”
	The space of twenty minutes slid by like days.  Travis checked his watch again.  A report came in only five minutes ago.  He hated to think Robert quit while he was ahead.  But now that the element of surprise was lost, they were slim on aces in the hole.  Travis clicked his mike, “All units, report.”
	Teams one through twelve called in, none of them seeing any such action.  In fact, the fatigue was getting to them.  The slim crescent moon disappeared behind a large veil of clouds, blotting out the sole source of light shedding over the landscape.  Austin shook his head, “Might as well get some rest, Colonel.  You’ve had a long day.”
	Travis chuckled, “I’ve been waiting for this day for years.  I’m not gonna sleep through it.”
	Tom Rayburn carefully cut the wire to a trap, and sent his team one person at a time through the gap.  A gust of wind caught most of them off guard, as they were only a few steps away from the ridge.  Rayburn ordered his unit to duck, to which the six person detachment went prone. “Able here, we’re in position and ready to rappel to ground level, over.”
	“Beta ready to breach the gate.”
	“Charlie in position.”
	“Nova-Delta has entered the perimeter.”
	“Echo in position.”
	Robert grabbed his radio, “Jester ready to breach.”
	“All teams, move in.” Tom spoke up, “Hostiles are reporting in every few minutes, wait for their next report before engaging.  Keep a low profile, over.” Tom spun around and looped a rope around a tree.  The rest of his squad did the same in unison.  Tom reached the edge of the cliff.  He took a long look below, focusing on a squad of four walking the blacktop.  After being satisfied they wouldn’t pose a problem, he spun around and took a strong grip of the rope.  The entire squad of seven quickly rappelled fifty feet into the valley below.
	It was hardly complicated for Beta or Charlie units to get inside.  There were a couple of holes slim enough to get past patrols outside the perimeter.  On the south side, Nova platoon had thick forest and a scattered unit of eight opponents.  Walter and his team split up to handle the nearest units.  As one, they dropped to the ground and waited for the next report to come in.  They’d need as much of a window as they could get.  And every second they were quietly dropping foes, the more chance they would have at success.
	Robert and Derek blended into the backdrop and darkness, but chose to remain careful.  After slipping by four guards just past the gate, they began to crawl toward the cabins in the distance.  A ridge laid aside the Cedar Ridge cluster of cabins, which would make an excellent vantage across most of the camp.
	Martinez put his back to a tree moments before two members of a four man patrol walked by.  The rest of his team stayed back, keeping their aim on the other group.  Trevor’s invisible unit held their breath until a call came in. “Alpha through Yankee, report your status.”
	The Master Sergeant drew his silenced pistol and walked toward the two from behind. “Bravo,” one of the guards answered, “nothing here.”
	The second sentry rolled his eyes, “This is a waste of time.” A moment later, one bullet struck him in the back of the head.  Though the first guard reacted, it was only enough to jump into Trevor’s chokehold.  Martinez pointed the pistol into the guard’s side and pulled the trigger twice.  He dropped the dead body there, and raised his rifle.  As soon as he looked, the other two sentries five meters ahead were flopping to the ground from kill shots.
	Trevor grabbed his radio, “Beta, first blood.”
	Walt keyed up, “Copy that.” Ahead of them ten meters, a staggered unit of six were watching the field directly south of Rimside dorms.  Walter waited with his group as squad leaders reported the all-clear. “Fire on my go.” He put his scope on the team leader.  He squeezed the trigger as soon as the radio was safely latched back on the target’s vest.  Following his shot, a dozen more were dispatched by his unit.  Walter smirked at the sight of all six hostiles falling to the ground within a second of one another.
	Robert and Derek froze in the foliage as another call came in from only a few meters away. “Delta, we don’t got anything here.”
	Robert sent a nod to Derek.  Both rose to their feet with rifles raised.  The two let off a pair of shots, making contact with all four of the contact in the chest region and quickly bringing them down.
	Tom clicked his radio, slow to rise from a crouch. “Able has movement.” He listened intently for the next radio communication to come in.  Once the report finished, he dropped to a crouch and carefully approached the blacktop of the curved roadway.  A contingent of eight guards slowly walked the road. “Let’s keep this under the radar, fire at will.” Eight silenced bullets whistled through the air a few meters before making contact with the heads of all eight.  Rayburn’s seven man unit quickly stepped onto the road, and dragged the bodies out of sight of anyone before it would be too late.  It took only a matter of seconds before the marines were out of sight once again.
	Jacob and Luke counted up their ammunition as they listened in on the radio transmissions.  As Charlie reported they engaged, Luke let out a deep sigh. “It’s quiet.”
	Jake lit a cigarette as he ejected the chambered round from his M200, “Won’t be for long.”
	“You scared?”
	Jacob shook his head, “I’ll tell you something about fear.  I enlisted in the Marine Corps when I was nineteen years old.  Thirteen weeks in basic was absolute hell.  I couldn’t get it out of my head that I’d wash out and have to face everyone I knew and tell them I gave up.  When I earned my eagle, globe, and anchor, I started to worry about where I’d end up.  The world’s been grim for the last forty years.  I went through a hail of fire in El Salvador, Nicaragua, Panama.  Suicide missions in Pakistan, Iran, Germany, all over.  Eventually, that fear of death subsided.
	“In ‘93, during the Gulf War that fear came back.  But it wasn’t out of preservation of my life, but for the sake of someone who I didn’t even know.  Ally Joy, my angel.  From then on, I always had an unnatural paranoia that I’d lose my life and my little girl would have to grow up without me.  But in the end, she had to die where I had to live.  I lost that anxiety.  I haven’t felt genuine fear for my own life since she died.” Luke sighed after hearing Jacob’s story. “The real question, is are you scared?”
	“I remember going up against this militia before.  They’re heavily armed, and even with less than modern technology, they could send us to the ground.”
	Corbin checked his instruments for maybe the tenth time since landing. “To the ground or six feet deeper?”
	“Have you been through scenarios like this before?” Luke asked.
	“I was in Afghanistan, Iraq and a couple countries I can’t pronounce on raids and insertions for infantry.  But I’ve never done a close air support mission with no backup.  What I heard from your guys’ experience, I’m going to be dodging rockets left and right.”
	“Keep your heads,” Jacob suggested, “don’t panic, we’ll get through this fine.”
	Walt’s unit dropped behind a layer of shrubbery.  He keyed up, “This is Nova, we’re ready to breach the dorms at Rimside, over.”
	“Copy that,” Rayburn replied, “We’re moving up Cedar, you should see us in the next few minutes, Jester.”
	“Understood,” Rob answered.  He and Derek had just navigated their way to the ridge where they’d have an excellent vantage.  Both fell prone on a couple of flat stones overlooking the camp’s meadow.
	Walter and Scott were first in the closest dorm.  And as two rooms were connected by a bathroom, it was simple to clear two rooms in half the time.  The first room was unlocked and unoccupied.  But that was to be expected, as the camp was on high alert.  Walt carefully twisted the knob to the connecting bathroom with his pistol drawn.  The barrel of the pistol slipped through the crack as it opened.
	The lights were out in the bathroom, which obviously meant it was vacant.  Walt treaded the few feet to the opposite door.  As he twisted the knob, the door pushed back against him with tremendous force.  Somebody was expecting them.  The door smacked Walter on the head and a hand gripped the barrel of his M9.  When Walter felt someone trying to wrench the pistol out of his grip, he immediately pulled the trigger.  Two silenced gunshots whistled and made contact.  But immediately following the thump of a body hitting the floor, ear shattering automatic fire peppered through the door.  Walt and Scott hit the ground as quick as they could.
	Everyone in the camp turned to the sound of gunfire. “Report,” Travis ordered.
	“Gunfire, south side!” A mercenary replied, “We’re moving to intercept now!”
	“Perimeter teams report now!” Travis demanded at the top of his lungs.  He was appalled when more than half of the teams didn’t report their status. “All personnel, the camp has been breached!”
	Within a few moments of the gunfire subsiding, Walter’s team heard yells and screams deeper within the camp. “Stealth’s out the window.”
	Martinez and his team were a few meters away from the closest cabin when radio static shouted across the plateau.  Trevor was about to execute another strangle on an unsuspecting guard, but froze when the sentry turned his head.  It was a moment of insecurity, as the soldier looked straight at him.  But apparently he couldn’t see the figure in the darkness, otherwise he would have fired.  It wouldn’t take long for the guard’s vision to adapt, though.  Trevor reached for his holster and fired two shots across the berth of ten meters.
	Hearing a body slump and silenced whistles in this secluded forest, enemy ranks heard the sounds of war.  Flashlights turned on the dead body, and in the surrounding area.  Trevor was exposed for maybe a second, but it was more than long enough for contact to be reported.  Automatic fire began to spray throughout the trees, centralizing on the six man fire team.
	“Beta has been engaged, over!” Martinez sent the transmission assuming the voluminous gunfire wasn’t enough.  He threw his rifle around from behind a tree and started to blindly return fire. “Fire at will!”
	Rayburn hit the comm, “Copy that, Able en route.” His unit was still in cover of darkness and silence.  Perfect opportunity to make an impact.
	“Charlie moving to assist,” Sam Lockwood sent over the radio.  He sent a shrug to Staff Sergeant Weiss. “It was bound to happen sooner or later.”
	“No wars are won without gunpowder.” Weiss replied.
	Heads were turning to two different planes of combat.  Units on the other end of the camp were dumbfounded at what they should do.  Stay put and maintain security, or go running to fight off the intruders.  A group of four were caught in a dilemma, and had their backs turned on a slowly approaching enemy.  Robert and Derek drew their handguns and carefully stepped over brush and pine.  When within ten feet of the four, Robert whispered “Fire.” Rob and Derek released two shots on each of their marks.  The four bodies slumped to the floor without a response. “Jester is on the ridge, over.”
	“Copy, Jester,” Walt reported from inside the Rimside cabins.  As they were the first to be identified, they were taking the most heat. “Nova is taking heavy fire, requesting support.”
	“Understood, Nova.  We’ve got your back.” Robert turned the rifle south to face the field of combat.  And with a few adjustments, he was launching coordinated and silenced fire across the fields.  Derek had his eye through the scope to launch his own support fire, but kept his sidearm close for anyone who may have snuck up behind them.
	“Fireteams have been engaged, Falcon,” Rayburn reported, “take to the skies.  We’re gonna need all the help we can get.”
	“Roger that General, Falcon is lifting off now.” Jacob set the radio down. “Get ready for a long night, Private.”

Day 774 Part II
Siege

	The final battle had gone from careful and silent to shrill and unrelenting in the space of seconds.  What used to be a sleeping valley became the epitome of war.  While the outpost managed to eliminate most of the perimeter’s security, the inner cluster of enemy combatants remained a force to be reckoned with.  Walter ducked as another volley sprayed into the dorms.
	Walt called in, “Falcon, Nova and Delta teams are taking heavy fire.” He was caught off guard when Scott took a bullet to the vest and it knocked him off his feet. “Myers?”
	“I’m good,” Scott reclaimed his footing and took a position by the edge of the window.
	Walter continued, “Requesting air support in the south cordon.”
	“Roger that, Nova,” Corbin replied, “we’re on our way.  ETA, thirty seconds.”
	Robert had a ten bullet clip to make his choice of targets.  The distance was close enough that he didn’t need to calculate anything more than the effect of gravity on a bullet.  But the trees made for the hardest obstacle providing cover to Walter’s platoon. “Jester to Nova, we are not in optimal position to fire.”
	“Understood, Jester,” Walter answered over the roar of gunfire. “We’ll think of something.”
	Tom’s unit approached the cabins of Meadowlark.  Given the circumstances on the opposite side of the camp, Able and Charlie could sneak up without worrying about being discovered.  A detachment of gunmen ran from the program building toward the forest.  Tom’s unit, now running up the blacktop, was clearly visible if their opponents turned their heads.  Two of his marines expertly dropped the hostiles.
	The General hit his back to the wall of the program building.  He knew that couldn’t be all of them. “Swift,” Tom whispered, “take Valdez and Briggs in from the other side.  Breach and clear on my go.”
	Sergeant Hunter Swift nodded and tapped Mason and Carter on the shoulder, “On me,” he ordered quietly.  The three hurried around the corner and soon enough found a second insertion through the building’s unoccupied kitchen.  Swift put his hand on the doorknob. “We’re ready to breach, General.  Watch your fire to the left.” He peeked through the door’s slim window, “Spot maybe a dozen hostiles inside, over.”
	Tom slipped the pin from a flash bang.  PFC Watson had a hand around the doorknob and slowly pulled it open.  The enemy inside had their eyes locked on the incessant flashing to the south.  Nobody was looking at the doorways at the northeast corner or the east side. “Breaching,” he nodded at Watson who opened the door at the signal.  The flash grenade pinged off the concrete flooring and rolled into the center of the room.  A flash and bang, brighter than lightning and louder than thunder, enveloped the senses of the mercenaries inside.  Only a couple tried to fire while blinded, but their shots never got close.
	Tom led his unit in and quickly put down the men struggling to see or hear.  The Sergeant entered with his detachment in unison.  The program room was cleared easier than they expected.  Tom unclipped his radio. “Able, Meadowlark program building is clear, over.  Beta, how are you holding up?”
	Martinez clutched a stinging through-and-through cavity on his right forearm.  Thankfully it didn’t impede his ability to aim or fire. “Beta taking heavy fire.  Mills and I are wounded.  Requesting immediate assistance.” A seven man team against a contingent of thirty or more wasn’t possible when the larger force in cover had eyes on the unprotected smaller group.  He peeked his head out from behind the tree and withdrew it just before three rounds pounded into the bark.
	“Charlie, are you in position yet?”
	“Give us a couple seconds.” Sergeant Major Sam Lockwood carefully led his team through the forest toward the sound of fire.  He brought his team more east before circling north, so as not to get caught in the same corridor of fire as Martinez.
	“Copy that,” Tom replied.  He led his team under the balcony four gunmen had taken.  The General gave a quick hand gesture.  He and two of his marines stepped out from underneath and put them down before they saw any movement in their peripheral.  A spray of gunfire shifted toward them from the farthest structure east.  Rayburn spun about to return.  While trying to take out the two shooters, he felt a bullet slide over his scalp.
	Rayburn ducked under the ramp to check his wound.  While it was bleeding, the bullet didn’t cause significant damage to remove him from the battle.  He rolled out from under the ramp and continued to fire on the soldiers exiting the cabin.
	Sam led his unit over a hill where the gunfire exchange was clear as day.  As they were mostly concealed in the brush, they could fire effectively and not need to move from cover.  Sam was the first to fire, punching into the frontline of a dugout the mercenaries built.  In the moments of confusion, Martinez screamed for his soldiers to return fire.  Lockwood dropped to a knee and continued to fire.  His fire shifted to the windows of Arizona cabin where muzzle flashes spewed from six sources.
	Trevor clutched a grenade, pulled the pin, and launched it from around the tree. “Fire in the hole!” His throw sent it over the barricade of trees and metal, into the trench where the collective was taking cover.  The explosive was dead accurate with close enough proximity to cut Beta’s main opposition by a quarter.
	Sam rose to a stand and started sprinting toward the plume of dust, “Move in, Beta!” He screamed as he unloaded the rest of his clip in a dead sprint for the nearest cabin.
	Walter cringed when a round tore a chunk from his shoulder.  While hostile occupation was heavily reduced by Rayburn’s marines on the north side of camp, the amount of enemy fire seemed to have doubled in the same time on this end.  Staff Sergeant Logan had taken over the adjacent building of dorms in that timeframe, but their opposition showed no signs of relent.
	Chad dropped to reload his rifle.  He jumped back up with his aim down the sights, “Come at get me!” He didn’t feel a bullet rip into his gut, but Logan and PFC Riggs spotted his body react to the impact.  Chad yelled in fury through the window, “You killed everything!” Another bullet pierced his forearm.  The adrenaline rush tapered off, sending agonizing pain sensations throughout his body all at once.  Chad dropped to a knee to check his injuries, where he first felt the bullet wound to his stomach. “Aw, shit.” Crawford walked over to the bed, ripped off a strip of sheet, and wrapped it around his elbow to cut the circulation.
	When Chad started back for the window to fire, Mike grabbed his collar. “Stand down, Crawford!”
	“Don’t worry about me--” Chad tried to wring himself loose.
	Mike pushed him against the wall, “I don’t have a choice, Crawford!  I am not going to watch you get yourself killed!”
	Chad launched him off, “I don’t have anything left but this, Mike!  Kenny, Bryce, Evan, now Lexie!  If I die tonight, it’s how I honor them!” He didn’t speak another word, and tried to walk back.  As Mike wrestled him out of the line of fire and onto the ground, the roar of a helicopter overtook the valley.
	Jacob scanned the war zone below. “Walsh, focus your fire in the cul-de-sac.  Ground teams are positioned in the structures on the south and east side.”
	“Copy that,” Walsh’s hands were on the gun, but he glanced through the open fuselage door to get a better angle while the helicopter circled around.  It took all of five seconds for Corbin to put the chopper in the right corridor to fly through.  As soon as he was hovering over the airspace, Luke emptied hundreds of rounds in a matter of seconds down onto the attacking forces.
	“Enemy helicopter in the airspace,” Travis heard the report on his radio.  He was inside the chapel, better known to him and his troop as the armory.  He collected his signature .44 from the desk and slipped it into his holster.
	Travis answered the report, “RPG teams, do whatever you can to take that chopper out of the air.”
	When rockets started to spiral in the air, Corbin rapidly left the airspace, “Airspace is getting hot over here, Nova.  Doubling back in fifteen seconds.”
	“Copy that, Falcon,” Walter replied.
	Jacob coordinated his fire.  He was strapped into the bird so he could fire accurately right by the door.  Firing from a speeding helicopter onto ground targets wasn’t easy, but the marine had dealt with tougher situations.  As the chopper flew over the ridge where Rob and Derek were sniping, Jacob didn’t hesitate to put a hostile sentry down before he came up behind the pair.
	Rob spun around to the sound of a body hitting the ground, “Good looking out.” Rob rose to a stand. “Jester’s position is compromised, we’re Oscar Mike.” Derek followed Rob along the ridge about a hundred meters.  While the trees were a bit thicker, Rob knew all the best places to use a long range weapon in this camp.  The veteran sniper dropped to a knee in a darkened patch of forest.  While it wasn’t raised, the same span of the camp remained highly visible. “Jester has relocated, over.”
	Walter checked the area ahead before moving out, “Delta, this is Nova.  We’re regrouping.”
	“Copy that,” Mike answered.  He glanced over at Chad, who was doing his best to fight the pain and keep the others from seeing.  The two exchanged eye contact, Mike conveying his worry for the other.  Chad turned his eyes away, and pushed himself off the wall.  He’d recovered enough and stopped the bleeding, but couldn’t deny the slug in his stomach burning muscle with every move he made.
	Walter’s team, one handicapped by a limp, collectively sprinted to the other dorms.  Walt was the last inside. “Glad to see you still breathing, Staff Sergeant.  Is your unit ready?” Mike’s eyes slid over to Chad, signaling Walt to investigate. “Crawford, you good?”
	“Nothing a bottle of tequila can’t fix.”
	While Chad was a resilient and courageous fighter, Walter could see the bandages on his arm and abdomen.  He was in no condition to advance, and so neither would the rest of his unit. “Delta, hold position here.  We’ll need something to fall back on if we encounter heavy resistance.  Nova, we’re pushing forward.”
	Chad knew Walter’s decision was based upon a single look at him.  He scoffed before struggling back to the window and taking a knee.  The six man unit, Miguel among them, sprinted toward the craft house and chapel.  They hadn’t gone fifty feet before being engaged once more.  And with nothing between the two hundred feet from the dorms to the craft house, Nova had to dig in.
	The helicopter hovered over the cabins while Tom regrouped with his other units.  The combined fire of three teams dropped the enemy resistance exponentially.  Rob and Derek spotted a dozen or so sprinting back toward the center of camp and quickly put down more than half.  Robert keyed up, “Spotted hostiles retreating from Meadowlark.”
	Tom clicked his mike, “Roger that, Jester, they started bugging out when they saw who they were dealing with.” He glanced up to see the helicopter leaving the area.
	“Falcon,” Walter called, “requesting a strafing run south of the craft house.  We’re pinned down just north of Rimside, over.”
	“Understood Nova, we’re on our way.” Rob spun his rifle to direct fire in that same direction.  It took a matter of seconds for the chopper to get in optimal position.  Luke and Jacob both had a clear vantage and fired without relent in the eight second window the pilot delivered them.  Though it was precise and devastating, the enemy had more numbers than the attacking force originally estimated.  And to top it all off, more eyes were focused on the air and raging fires brought the landscape to the light of a burning sunset. “Was that good enough?”
	Walt dropped back to the ground when tracers lit up the sky. “Negative.”
	While the helicopter was negotiating a 180 degree turn, Jacob spotted the back blast of a rocket launcher, “RPG!” He screamed.  Andrew twisted the stick the opposite way, his eyes also locked on the rocket’s direction.  Jacob watched the rocket the entire time.  His heart turned to stone while the cone-shaped explosive rode along the curvature of the aircraft.  At the last moment, the rocket’s propulsion sent it spiraling away.  Jacob let a deep breath slide from his lungs. “Too close,” he said under his breath.
	Andrew glanced back at the field of combat Walter’s men were engaged in.  He dramatically raised his altitude, but still found rockets streaking into the air and needed to negotiate carefully. “Sorry, Nova.  There’s no way I can stay in that airspace without risking the bird.”
	Walter growled, “Copy that, Falcon.” He glanced over at his men, “Fall back!” He was the first on a knee, but the last to turn around.  Walter fired while the rest of his men retreated, and only turned to sprint away when he noticed his soldiers were way ahead of him.
	Robert and Derek launched coordinated sniper fire.  Derek conserved his ammunition and was relied on more as a spotter.  Since Robert had a semi auto and not a bolt-action, he could fire as quickly as he could aim after the kick.  Neither noticed the six man contingent sneak up behind them. “Drop your weapons!” One of the mercenaries yelled.  Robert’s spine tingled.  Derek’s fingers went numb, save one that clicked the call button and locked it when it was engaged.
	The two turned about slowly with their hands raised and fingers spread.  Robert clenched his teeth in exasperation.  One of the militia reported it, “Colonel, we’ve taken their sniper team out of the fight.”
	Robert recognized the voice as soon as it replied, “Is Robert there?”
	The team leader took a step closer and ignited a flashlight.  Rob was blinded when the light came across his face. “Affirmative.”
	“Kill the other, bring him to me.”
	Derek and Robert exchanged a look.  Derek nodded at Rob, then looked at the mercenaries.  He opened his mouth, “Jester--” two bullets interrupted Derek’s warning.  His body fell back from the impact of two slugs, and became very still.  Robert looked down at the body, his teeth clenched.  He tried to close his eyes and wake up, but the dreamscape wasn’t here in this time and place.
	“Get his weapons,” the mercenary leader ordered.  Robert was pinned down to the ground while his sidearm, knife, and rifle were removed from his uniform.  He didn’t weep out loud, but his eyes bled remorse.  He broke Sandra’s promise.  Derek volunteered to help, and he paid the ultimate price.  But hopefully this would give Rob the chance to end Travis once and for all.
	The surrounding environment became chaotic with automatic fire.  Robert dropped flat on the ground while the short exchange took place.  Gunnery Sergeant Kirkland reached Rob’s body and flipped him over, “Sergeant!” Peter yelled.  Robert’s hearing was still adapting to the attempted response of gunfire going off inches from his ears. “Are you alright?” Robert didn’t answer, instead turning his head to the body of Derek.  Sergeant Wright reached Rob and checked for a pulse.  As soon as his fingers touched the neck, Rob’s body jolted. “Bobby!” Kirkland yelled louder.
	Rob spun around, “I’m alright,” he raised a hand.  He jumped to his feet and quickly rushed to Derek’s side, “Derek?” Derek got the wind knocked out of him when the bullets hit his Kevlar, but he was otherwise unharmed.  When his eyes met Robert’s, the latter let out a deep breath of relief. “You scared the hell out of me.”
	“I guess that makes us even,” Derek smirked.
	Walter heard a blare of gunfire erupt behind him.  He was a few steps away, and instinctively dove for the broken window rather than the door.  His body throttled clean through, and at his rate of momentum he rolled until hitting the opposite wall.  Walt took a second to catch his breath and relinquish the thought he wasn’t dead after all.  Only a few steps away, he saw Chad standing on his own, a rifle strung in one hand.
	“What is it, Crawford?”
	“I have no intention of going beyond tonight, sir.  Someone’s waiting for me on the other side.” He returned to the same window in which Walt jumped through, and send an M203 grenade from the mounted launcher.  The sparkle of muzzle flashes on the edge of the forest were consumed in a dust cloud.  Chad’s vision blurred as he lowered his weapon.  He was dying slowly from the internal bleeding, but the adrenaline would keep it long enough.  Chad cleared his throat, “Delta, hold the line.” He stepped out from the side of the window, fully exposing himself as he directed his fire at three moving targets.
	“Echo,” Tom called, “circle around south to provide cover for Nova and Delta teams,”
	“Understood,” Kirkland answered.  He sent Bobby a look, “You guys okay?”
	Rob nodded, “We’ll be fine.” With that, the six man fire team departed, sticking to the ridge and hiding in the cover of thick forest.
	Jacob exchanged his empty clip for a new one.  While the helicopter circled over different parts of the camp, the marine had his focus on the units in the gravest of situations.  The militia was focusing on the south corner of camp, and a majority of their fighters were trying to take back control of it.  Through an infrared scope, he could see a large heat signature coming in from their east. “Nova, I’ve spotted hostiles approaching from your three o’clock.  Thirty meters out, over.”
	Chad heard the report and immediately turned his attention to it.  Even walking on a limp with a forearm white from blood loss and a trail of crimson following his every step, he was the most vigilant among the soldiers.  Chad peered through the window, where he immediately spotted upwards of a dozen men coming in.  Chad fired without relent.  As he watched three of his targets hit the floor, the response of gunfire was unrelenting.  A fourth bullet struck Chad in his good arm, slicing into the brachial artery.  Spatter patterns flooded the walls with red, and Chad lost the strength to stand.  He clamped his hand over the injury, but the blood seeped through his fingers like a sinking ship.
	Myers spotted Chad take the bullet and react as he did.  A blood-curdling scream brought the medic to his comrade and friend. “Where are you hit?” Chad didn’t speak, but rather turned his head to the injury his hand was trying to seal.  Scott lifted his hand, and was blinded by the arterial spray.
	“Get me back in the fight, Sergeant!” By this time, the rest of his team took up the slack.  Michael coordinated fire, effectively repelling the force that could have decimated them.  But at the same time, fire was reduced to the north and gave the enemy another foothold.
	“You’ve lost too much blood for this fight, Chad.” Chad leaned his head back against the wall.  He didn’t flinch when Scott wrapped an elastic band just under his armpit and tightly tied it off to cut the circulation.  That was proof enough he was out of the fight.
	Tom recollected his fire teams at the program building beside Meadowlark.  It took a few minutes to assure the cabins and surrounding area were cleared of any hostiles.  But by the time they started retreating south, it became fairly obvious.  Tom signaled a unit nearly twenty strong to start forward. “Delta and Nova teams are taking fire.  We need to take some of the heat off them.  Push hard for the buildings in the center of camp.  Sergeant Major, take your team and sweep to the west.  Use the trees to your advantage.”
	“Understood, General.” Sergeant Major Lockwood led his squad of five others into the thickness of trees directly to their right.
	“Master Sergeant, follow the east road to the dining hall.  I’ll take Able right through the crops.”
	“Yes, sir.” Trevor didn’t hesitate to lead his own team across the meadow despite the wound on his forearm.  In a matter of seconds, his squad disappeared into the thickness of the crops.
	Tom cleared his throat, “Move out, marines.  Put some pressure on those bastards.”
	“Nova,” Jacob reported, “are you still in need of aerial support?”
	“Hell yeah,” Walt replied an instant later. “Right now, we need all the help we can get!”
	“Roger that.  Captain?”
	“I’m turning around for another pass right now.  We’ll be in the airspace in ten seconds.”
	“Keep moving forward after we leave Nova’s area.  I see a lot of activity in and around the dining hall.” Jake leaned his head in to talk to Luke. “Light those fuckers up when we fly by.”
	Luke nodded, “Yes, sir.”
	Corbin corrected for the lateral sway after completing a 130 degree turn.  He perfected the strafing pattern just south of the camp’s perimeter.  With that, he dipped the stick forward.  In a matter of seconds, the bird picked up an excess of speed.  It was fast enough that nothing would strike them, but slow enough for both Jacob and Luke to fire on anything with some accuracy still in tow.
	“Danger close, Walsh,” Walter ordered, “they’re right on our doorstep.”
	“Are you sure?”
	“Definitely.” He didn’t take his hand off the radio before his free hand was reaching for his pistol holster.  A bullet punched him in the sternum and put Walt on his back.  A corrosive hum blared in everyone’s ears and sent every one of Walter’s men flat on the ground.  The helicopter shot by overhead, with Luke firing as close as he could to the buildings without harming his men.  Some rounds came close enough to singe the walls or rip drywall free of the structures.  However, the faction inside the buildings remained lucky to escape any injury.
	“Walt?” Jacob asked as they approached the second target in their strafe.  Luke had the gun spinning at full speed, but his ears were focused on one matter: whether he wounded his own people.
	“We’re alright,” Walter replied after examining his team. “Good effect on target.” He was slow to rise, a hand on his chest where the bullet transferred the energy to his vest.  An inch higher and the bullet would have pierced his neck.
	Travis was one of the few who heard the rotor blades coming closer. “Everybody down!” He spoke his warning and dropped to the ground a split second before all hell broke loose.  One by one, every window on the east wall was shattered by superheated golden rain.  More than a dozen mercenaries were incapacitated in the blink of an eye.  The walls were riddled with holes when Travis reoriented himself.  Hundreds of vapor trails and lines of smoke rose from the marble floor following bullet penetration.
	Another mercenary reported the Seahawk was turning, “The bird’s coming around for another pass.”
	Travis growled, and ripped an RPG launcher out of the hands of a less experienced militiaman. “If you want something done right, you have to do it yourself.” He stepped out of the dining hall with fresh payload in the launcher.  Austin and another gunman walked behind him, but stayed their ground when Travis walked out from under the awning.  He raised the rocket, centered the target circle, and focused on the airspace the chopper was soon to occupy.
	Luke began to fire down on the craft house and chapel, taking down a half dozen men inside.  His eye caught a rocket’s back blast to the right. “RPG!”
	Andrew twisted the stick as far right as it would go.  He saw the approaching rocket a moment after it fired. “Hold on!” The Seahawk spun on its axis almost sideways.  Jacob and Luke clutched whatever they could grasp in the daring maneuver.  But it was far from enough to avoid.  Andrew watched the rocket glide along the underbelly of the chopper.  Then, a massive detonation shocked everyone onboard.
	The helicopter suddenly jerked into a deathly spin.  The tail of the helicopter was incinerated in an instant.  Jacob grabbed whatever was bolted to the chopper and held on for dear life.  He could see the ground getting closer every time the helicopter spun.  It maintained a steady forward speed, but the bird was going down too quickly.  It would crash inside the hostile camp, and much too far from any friendly forces on the ground.
	“Falcon is hit,” Andrew said, his tone staying professional through the most horrifying moments of his life.
	Luke’s fingers slipped loose and he slid toward the open door.  Luke tried to grab the floorboards or walls, but his fingers couldn’t grip anything as fast as he was going.  His body flung out of the chopper’s hold.  Jacob outstretched a hand and ensnared his wrist. “Not yet,” he yelled.  The marine used all of his strength to pull Luke back into the chopper.  Luke clenched the opposite wall once he was safe back inside.
	Everyone on the ground was mesmerized, watching as the helicopter continued to lose altitude and spiral over the crops less than a hundred feet from the dining hall. “Falcon,” Rob screamed, “pull out!”
	“Negative,” Andrew said.  He spotted the altimeter dropping to single digits, “too low.  See you on--” The Seahawk smashed into the dirt and grass in a shrill and ominous groan.  Andrew didn’t expect the aircraft to hit the ground so soon, and thus didn’t brace for the sudden and fatal impact.  Jacob and Luke lost their footing and hold of everything, tumbling uselessly in the terrible crash.  The helicopter blades propelled the aircraft across the ground several meters and inverted the bird on its side.  Then, all that remained was smoke rising from the defeated aircraft.

Day 774 Part III
Redemption

	The silence was more devastating than anything else in the conflict.  A black and red smoke trail hung in the air where the Seahawk once flew.  Now the unrelenting sound of chopping wind and spinning guns were replaced by a lax of gunfire. “Corbin,” Tom called, “do you copy?” No answer befell his radio. “Walsh, Warren, either of you hear me?” Still no reply.  Maybe their equipment was too damaged in the crash.  But a more realistic and tragic scenario hung in the back of everyone’s mind. “Falcon, anyone please respond!” Tom’s voice was stressing anxiously by the time his third transmission was sent.
	On one hand, they were down their only tactical advantage of air support.  On the other, her occupants may have all lost their lives.  Of all the people who wouldn’t respond, they were in shock to think Jacob of all people was dead.  He’d made it through everything else, but could this be how his journey came to an end?  Robert clenched his teeth in exasperation.  He knew Jake had been living a tormented life since the death of his daughter, and the only thing he wanted more than to defend the outpost was to reunite with Alyssa.  Robert’s scope centered on the smoldering wreckage a half mile away, his worst doubts slowly creeping in.
	“He’s not dead, Robert.” Nicole’s voice rang in his ear.  He glanced to his side to find her apparition standing facing him with folded arms.  Her face was blank of emotion.  She was only here for business.  Many lives had been taken this night, and there were certainly more to come.
	“Can I save him?” Robert asked, hardly thinking he was talking to nothing.
	Nicole looked away.  She finally sported a hint of remorse in her eyes and didn’t want Rob to see. “He won’t survive after tonight.  The injuries he’s suffered are too severe.  But if you go now, you can save him from that monster.”
	Robert rose to a stand, his eyes focused back on the wreckage. “Travis?” She nodded. “Am I going to survive?” For the first time in his life since Nicole’s death, he found himself thinking selflessly for the sake of the others.  Even if they won the battle tonight, they’d still need a leader.  And While Tom, Walter, and Derek were all good candidates, Robert felt he was centrifugal to their survival.  Not just from the past, but for the future he had been envisioning.
	Nicole shook her head, “The choice is yours to make.  I can’t tell you what will happen either way.” Her apparition faded.
	Robert clenched his teeth.  He didn’t want to die, but at the same time he wanted to know Nicole’s love again.  There was only one choice, which was not a choice at all to Robert.  His mind was made from the moment Nicole manifested her soul this night.  Jacob wasn’t going down alone if Rob had a say in the matter.  He put one foot forward, and soon found himself sprinting toward the crash site.  Derek reached out, “Bobby, where are you going?”
	“Don’t move!” Rob replied mid stride.
	Derek started running. “You’re not going in alone.”
	Robert stopped, swung his rifle around, and raised it to face Derek.  The latter stopped and rose his arms. “This is a suicide mission, Derek.  I can’t afford for you to die.”
	“Bobby, don’t do this!”
	“If you follow me, I’ll put one in your leg.  You already know I’m capable of that.”
	Derek knew he couldn’t change Rob’s mind with this.  Robert was thinking of that single thing he’d been clutching since he felt his love’s heart stop beating. “Okay.  I’ll stay.” Rob turned, “But Bobby,” Derek stammered, “I hope you find justice and don’t settle for revenge.”
	Robert nodded, “Sometimes revenge is essential for true justice to be served.” He started in a sprint across the crops on a direct heading for the rising smoke.  Derek slung his sniper rifle over the shoulder and started back to regroup with Able platoon.
	While engaging units managed a sturdy foothold inside the perimeter, none were close enough to protect the grounded chopper.  Only one thing came to Logan’s advantage, when the gunfire let up momentarily during the helicopter’s vicious death spin.  It gave his squad a moment to collectively return fire and decimate a fraction of their opponents.  Mike clicked his radio.  The gunfire returned as invasive and close as it had been throughout the battle. “Delta here, OpFor doubling back to the crash site, over.”
	Tom jumped on the comm, “Delta, can you reach the crash site?”
	Mike looked up just long enough, and ducked right before the windowpane above shattered. “Negative, General, not soon enough.  Resistance to our north is too heavy.”
	Walt added, “Our teams are taking too much fire.  You’d be better off coming in from the north side.”
	“Charlie can’t support either,” Lockwood spoke up, “they’ve dug up trenches adjacent to the dining hall and we’re pinned down.”
	The odor of smoke was crude and difficult to breathe through.  Distorted noises were few, consisting of radio echoes and electrical crackling in the damaged panels.  Jacob felt his head spinning.  He moved his fingers as eyes peeled back the veil.  A starlit sky loomed overhead through the inverted craft’s open door.  Jacob tried to move his legs, but they were numb to any muscles or brainwaves.  The impact carried enough force to shatter three vertebrae in his spinal column.  From the waist down, he was paralyzed.
	A few feet away, Luke stirred from a short bout with unconsciousness.  He raised his head to look at the aftermath.  Fortunately one them maintained full mobility.  The worst of Luke’s injuries were a dislocated ankle and a couple of cracked ribs. “Jake,” he asked wearily, struggling to find level footing.
	“Yeah,” Jacob answered, still on his back looking into the sky.
	Luke let out a breath of relief. “What’s your status?”
	“I can’t feel my legs.  Trigger finger never felt better, though.”
	Walsh clambered around the fuselage, where he came across two M4 carbines.  In this position, Jacob’s sniper rifle had little if any use whatsoever.  It did take a bit of damage and could fire, but he remembered Jacob saying his ammo was low.  Both of the carbines could shoot just well enough, and there was a few magazines of ammunition scattered about the interior of the helicopter.  Luke took a deep breath before leaning in to the cockpit. “Andrew?  You okay?” Before waiting for a response, Walsh had fingers on the pilot’s neck searching for a pulse.  Luke hung his head low. “Corbin’s dead.”
	Another signal came through. “Falcon,” Tom asked, “is anyone there?”
	Luke peeked his head out only momentarily.  Gunmen were as close as a hundred feet, carefully approaching with weapons raised. “General,” Luke grabbed his radio after ducking back in. “This is Walsh.  Twenty plus tangos heading toward us.”
	“Are the others okay?”
	“Jake’s wounded.  Andrew didn’t make it.” He grabbed the two rifles and tossed one to Jacob.
	“Copy that, Walsh.  We’re assembling a team to give support as soon as possible.”
	“Understood, General.  We’ll hold them off as long as we can.” His message was cryptic to anyone listening.
	Walter clenched his teeth, “Give them hell, Luke.”
	“Never a doubt in my mind about it, sir.” Luke hung up the radio.  Jacob crawled to the opposite wall, where a small hole was carved out of the landscape.  He’d be able to squeeze out from underneath and cover one side of the helicopter.  He collected two magazines of ammo sprawled about the cabin before turning back to Luke. “You sure you’re alright?” Luke asked.
	Jacob nodded. “How much ammo you got?”
	“Not enough, but it’ll have to do.” He tossed Jake another magazine, who shoved it in one of his vest pockets.
	“Good luck, Luke.”
	Luke nodded and smiled. “It was an honor to serve with you, Jacob.”
	“The honor was mine, Luke.” Jacob crawled through the hatch.  At his side, the rotor prop was stopped after digging deep into the landscape.  The marine raised himself to sit against the inverted craft.  Enemy units were less than fifty feet away, and two of the closest spotted movement.  When Jacob heard one yell for him to freeze, he instantly replied with two bullets downrange.
	On the opposite side, Luke had just as much resistance.  He rolled out of the craft, landing in a small indent in the plain formed by the impact.  He planted firmly on a knee before firing on two mercenaries less than five meters away.  Return fire pelted the helicopter’s body without mercy.  Neither Luke nor Jacob would surrender, as surrender to this enemy could only mean death.  Luke ducked after tossing a grenade with all his might.  A deafening thump shook the ground.
	Jacob was allowed a gap of silence after putting down six hostiles.  He reached into his vest and pulled out the locket.  Seeing Alyssa’s face again brought his skin to rise in a way he’d never experienced.  For the first time, he felt as close as he’d been in the two years since her death. “I’m coming home to you, Ally.  I promise.” He lifted his weapon when another two silhouettes crossed his peripheral.
	Less than a quarter mile away, Robert sprinted with all his might.  He came under fire during his run, but didn’t stop.  It was a race against the clock with every second counting against him.  Robert aimed through his sniper scope on the run, pounding away five shots in quick succession.  Two men ahead of him fell without a fight.  But turning to fire on the third, his weapon registered empty.  Robert threw his rifle to the ground and took up his sidearm in its place.  He needed no more than two shots to put down the third mercenary in his path.  Free of any hostiles for the time being, he dropped into a sprint again.
	Luke grunted when a bullet sliced his lower leg.  He jumped up to fire again despite the mounting pain.  Luke bellowed a vicious war cry to fight the pain sensation.  The end was near, but he’d never felt so alive.  He’d never give up fighting for a cause he believed in until his life came to a close.  Dedication in the utmost for men and women he considered family.  They would remember him for his actions this night.  His gun clicked empty. “Last mag, Jake!”
	“Copy that!” Jake was in the same kind of hell.  He’d already taken shots to the arms and legs, and one came as close as his earlobe.  The pain was squelched by coursing adrenaline.  Jake knew he was going to die tonight and the high it gave him made the marine feel more than human.  Every bullet he sent took a life, while every bullet sent back his way didn’t phase him in the slightest.  With every searing bullet, the higher his tolerance of endorphins jumped.  His final stand would be his finest hour.  Jake Warren was the stuff of legends on this moonlit and blood stained night.
	Travis glanced through a shattered window to the crash site. “How did they survive that crash?” He asked himself. “Austin, Reyes, with me!”
	Austin shook his head, “No.  I’m not dying for your vendetta, Colonel.”
	Travis turned his gun on Austin. “Then you can stay here and die like the others.”
	Austin smirked, “I’ll take my chances.” Travis growled in fury.  He signaled another follower to join his cause.  The three ran out of the building and into the blazing war.
	Luke was down to his last ten bullets, but enemies seemed to be backing off.  Suddenly the blare of a gunshot deafened the young soldier.  The force of the impact threw him sideways toppling to the ground, an unforgiving throb in his neck.  A second bullet lodged into his abdomen.  Luke’s mentality froze and time slowed as his body fell to the ground.  His vision faded from the present, pictures of memories flashing by in its place.  A lifetime of twenty five years reduced to a matter of seconds.  As the visions faded, his peripheral caught the shooter who had bested him.  Luke spun his rifle about, unloading the remainder of his magazine.  As his body hit the floor, he let out a victorious roar that echoed across the valley of blood and iron.
	The weapon clicked silently with his finger still depressing the trigger.  Luke’s eyelids grew heavy.  Though he still had the will to fight and was grabbing his pistol, lack of blood to the brain soon drew him under.  His hand wrapped around the Beretta.  One last try through a blackness shrouding his vision.  Luke turned on a sole gunman four feet away.  Two bullets left the chamber and laid the mercenary to rest.  The muscles in Luke’s extremities went numb moments after the body thudded at his side.
	His eyes fluttered and he couldn’t take in another breath of air.  Luke looked into the stars as they began to fade.  A beautiful voice filled his ears, “Take my hand, Luke.” Luke let go of the fear he’d known since learning of death’s impending embrace as a child.  Someone was on the other side to guide him through what he expected to be the most agonizing pain.  Every agonizing synapse in his body washed away, he released a shallow breath, and the pain was over.
	The lack of gunfire opposite Jacob didn’t discourage the marine.  It was but a matter of time until either of them were killed.  Jacob didn’t like the odds stacking against him, though.  He was down to the last dozen bullets in his rifle.  After that, he briefly considered the six-shooter on his hip.  But did his revolver survive the crash?  Jacob didn’t let it come to mind while he carefully picked his last dozen targets.  All were made as kills-shots to ensure nothing went to waste.  Watching the last target crumble to the dirt, Jacob heard the rifle click to a quiet death.
	Jacob lowered the weapon, once again turning to the locket around his neck for comfort in this violent place.  If anyone still wanted them dead, they’d be raining down on the crash site now.  The marine felt his numerous injuries screaming, but envisioning Alyssa helped him fight back such aches.  He looked around, hearing a woman’s voice. “Are you ready?” It sounded like Nicole, but in his deathly state it could have been imaginary.
	A spot of movement rushed to his left. “Not yet,” he whispered in response to the mysterious voice.  Jacob drew his revolver as quickly as possible.  One hand clutched the gun while another hovered above the hammer.  He pounded off a first shot that narrowly slid over the closest target’s shoulder.  His second bullet came a tenth of a second later, making contact.  Retaliatory fire sprayed all around the wounded soldier.  Jacob repeatedly cocked the hammer with his left hand and pulled the trigger with his right in quick succession.
	Thunderous booms rang across the meadow, flashes of light that spanned the entire camp.  Three more slugs flew at his attackers and all made contact.  But before he could release the final chambered .357, a slug pounded into his chest.  Jacob’s grip around the revolver came loose.  Jacob slid from his propped up position against the helicopter and onto the dirt.  This wound was his reminder of what he knew waited on the other side.  A hollow point to the chest was near impossible to survive at close range.  He heard that revolver fire last night, killing the previous victim like it would here.
	Thudding footsteps rang in his ears.  Through a darkening peripheral, he picked up the movement.  Jacob twisted his head to see Travis staring down at him. “You would have made an incredible friend, Jacob.”
	Jacob spat a few drops of blood from his mouth. “I would never join you.” Travis ripped the locket from Jacob’s neck.
	Travis glanced at the faded picture inside. “You have a beautiful girl.  I could have given her shelter.”
	“You wouldn’t give a damn if she were here today.  Don’t patronize me.” Travis threw the locket to the ground in disdain.  He pulled the hammer of his revolver.  Jacob closed his eyes, waiting for it all to be over.  But it was taking so long. “Just get it over with.  I’m ready to see her again.”
	“You lead a warped ideal.  Killers like us will never find peace or heaven or a promised land.  We’re doomed to eternity in purgatory.”
	“Us?  Don’t compare me to you.  I’ve never killed innocence.” Jacob was offended that Travis even considered putting them in the same boat. “Just finish it already.”
	Travis smirked, “Understood, Major Warren.” He lowered the gun and aimed the iron sights at Jacob’s head.  His finger itched to pull.  A grin was spreading over his face as he reached the point of no return.  But he was distracted when a brunt force crashed into his side.  The resounding gunshot blared in both Travis’ and Robert’s ears, neither assured if the bullet hit or missed its target.
	Robert threw Travis to the ground, immediately throwing a punch that made impact with the latter’s jaw.  Travis responded quickly with a knee to Rob’s chest.  Robert withdrew with shortness of breath.  Rob drew his pistol to keep Travis from making another move.
	Travis chuckled, staring down the opposite end of a handgun. “I see myself in all too familiar a position, Bobby.”
	Robert held the gun tightly. “You murdered my people!  Their blood is on your hands!  I won’t let you get away with it!”
	Travis smirked. “I’ve been waiting for someone to kill me, Rob.  It would be poetic to see you pull the trigger, but I know you too well.  You can’t kill me, no matter how hard you want to.  All the crimes I’ve committed.  All the morals I led you to break.  Every life I took.  I murdered your wife and you can’t put eight pounds of pressure on that trigger.”
	Robert heard a whisper in the back of his ear. “What are you waiting for?” Rob clenched his teeth.  He couldn’t do it.  Even though Travis had committed the worst of acts, taken the most innocent and beautiful of lives, and put Robert on a run for his life for the last four years, Rob couldn’t do it.  This had once been a friend, a teacher, and a father of sorts.  Pulling the trigger was so easy against a faceless enemy, but not here.  This was too simple and too quick.  Not deserving enough for this monster.
	Travis took a step forward. “Don’t move!” Robert screamed.
	“I know why you can’t do it.  You feel guilty for taking the one thing I had, all because of a lie you swore on a bible.  You aren’t going to kill me, Bobby.” Travis suddenly swung a hand, slapping the pistol’s trajectory away.  His other hand thrust without relent, blowing into Robert’s gut.  Robert keeled over, his grip of the pistol coming loose. “Just like I remember in Iraq.  Always needing a hand to hold.” Travis threw another punch, this one across Robert’s face with enough force to knock him down.
	Travis prepared to throw a kick.  But when his leg swung, Robert gripped Travis’ foot.  He jerked with all the force he could, twisting with enough pressure to snap Travis’ ankle.  The Colonel took a step back on a limp, showing his teeth to grin. “I promised her this would all end tonight.”
	“You should have killed me when you had the chance!” Travis lunged forward, throwing his fists in quick succession.  While Rob was able to deflect three blows to the chest, a fourth broke Rob’s barrier and slammed into his gut.  Robert fell to the ground and caught himself with an arm. “The only thing I wanted more than revenge was redemption!” He grabbed Rob by the collar. “I searched a decade for something to live for, even after I lost Charlotte and TJ.  But people like us aren’t deserving of a second chance.” Another punch to the face knocked Rob down yet again.  By now, the strength was draining and his head was spinning. “I’ll never feel that emotion again.  And you’ll never see your precious Nicole.”
	Hearing him speak her name shot fire through his veins.  He jumped to his feet, spinning about and launching an upper cut that crushed into Travis’s chin.  The force of the blow took Travis off his feet.  Robert was oblivious to his bleeding knuckles.  Travis checked the results of Robert’s strike.  It was sufficient to draw blood and he heard his jaw clicking. “I knew there was still some fight in you.  I just had to pull the right chord.”
	Rob clenched his teeth. “Leave her out of this.”
	“She’s been out of this,” Travis rose to his feet.  He spat crimson on the dirt, “She’s been out of this ever since I sent Brian to kill her.” A grin was spreading.  The Colonel knew he was tempting Robert’s fury.  He wanted to tempt Robert.  To make this battle worth all this time of hunting, searching, and waiting.  There was no sport if Robert didn’t feel the same bloodlust that Travis burdened for so many years. “Just like I killed that girl.”
	Robert clenched her teeth, “Her name was Lexie.”
	Travis grinned, “A name to put to the face I killed.  How generous of you.”
	Robert screamed, thrusting himself at full speed with squeezed fists.  He had the incentive.  His earlier hesitations were washed away.  Travis wanted a fight, and Robert would bring him death if it was the last thing he did.  The gap of five yards closed in a split second.  Travis was prepared for the next attempt.  He strafed to the side, narrowly dodging the first punch.  Robert twisted himself to throw a punch, but Travis quickly slapped it away.
	“You’re disappointing me, Rob.” Travis deflected another punch and diverted a kick with his lower leg. “I expected better out of my protégé.” Robert backed off from a blow to the forehead.  He recovered quickly and rushed toward him mixing kicks and punches.  Travis dodged a kick and a punch, but took the full brunt of the back of Robert’s hand to his nose.   The latter took a step back, checking his new spatter of blood.  It made him smile, crimson running down his teeth. “I spoke too soon.” His gaze turned from enthusiasm to rage. “But now the game is over.”
	Travis took a few steps with hands raised.  Faking thrusts with both hands, he instead tossed a kick into Rob’s thigh.  Robert retracted, but Travis advanced with the space.  Another swing wasn’t faked, jabbing him in the neck.  Robert backpedaled even faster in a struggle to breathe.  He didn’t find the ability to recover in time.  Travis spun around, multiplying the velocity for a powerful punch.  The blow struck Robert in the jaw and threw him to the ground.
	Robert hit the turf, all the energy drained from his person suffering three strategic blows from his nemesis.  Here and now was the time Robert needed to do what he promised Nicole he would.  But failing to act on the first opportunity cost him dearly, and now he was struggling just to breathe.   Through blurred vision he could see Travis staring down at him. “Like a fool, I expected more out of you.  Or did you think your unconditional love would give you the strength to beat me?” Travis laughed. “What kind of fairy tale do you think you’re living in?”
	Robert was in a bad position to change the status quo.  Whatever he did, it would need to be fast and powerful.  Easier thought that carried out. “I found love,” He spoke wearily, “and you stole it from me.  Why?”
	“Vengeance.” Travis tilted his head. “You took the only thing I had left.”
	“I ended your career.  I didn’t kill anyone you loved.”
	“That’s where my misery began.  As soon as I lost them, the killing became the only thing that separated me from insanity.  Death is my drug, Robert.  I can’t just leave behind an addiction like that.” Robert threw a punch with all his might.  Travis grabbed Rob’s balled fist with little to no exertion. “McGill didn’t teach you anything worthwhile.”
	“He taught me how to be better.” Rob struggled to stand, but his arms were numb. “How to go on…even when all I had to live for was gone.”
	Travis chuckled. “That’s where you and I differ, Bobby.  I have nothing to limit me.  No police, no government, no extremists with loaded guns.  As far as my mercenaries are concerned, I’m the president.  You limit yourself to morals that get you nowhere in a world ruled by the dead.” He drew his blade.  Robert fixated his eyes on the shimmering dagger. “You say you’re the better breed of evil.  But I will always be the better killer.” He lowered the knife.  In the rate it descended, it was fast enough to penetrate but still slow enough to ensure as much agony as possible.
	Travis was sure to stay clear of Robert’s heart.  The blade burrowed into Rob’s chest, inflicting as much pain as Travis could stress.  Robert’s torturous screams were only matched by the sinister face of Travis.  Rob’s cries were heard across the fields.  Everyone on the battlefield could hear and it shook some to their very core.  Travis grinned wide, “It’s time to put you down like the dog you are.” His fingers tightened around the blade.
	The deafening crack of a revolver didn’t make him jump.  But Travis’ sinister face was gone, replaced by that of shock and confusion.  Robert looked down to see a thin line of red running down from his uniform.  Travis gulped, finally feeling the singe of a gunshot.  The impact struck him in the heart.  Robert shifted his view to see a hand clutching the gun that fired the deciding shot.  Jacob, still on his side with blood pooling around his body, sent Robert a faint grin. “Not if I have anything to say about it.”
	Travis’ body drained of life and fell backward without even a nudge from Robert.  As soon as the weight was off, Robert gripped the dagger and unplugged it from his chest.  It was just as agonizing as when it punctured, but he could breathe easier knowing that wasn’t tearing up his insides anymore.  The wound was undoubtedly serious but with medical treatment in the next hour, survivable.  Robert found himself capable of crawling to Jacob with the little strength he had left.  The marine’s hand slipped loose of the revolver.  His final shot made a sturdy impact, not to mention the deciding factor in the siege.  To the end, a promise he’d made his daughter long ago.  A sensation of solace crept over his freezing body.
	Robert outstretched an arm to Jacob. “Jake,” Rob spoke in a fatigued and stressed tone. “You still with me?”
	Jacob’s eyes fluttered. “Not long.”
	“You saved my ass, Jake.”
	“I owed you my life, Bobby.  I’m glad I repaid that debt.” His eyes closed again.  He could feel himself crossing over.  Something begged him to stay.  But his heart and soul begged him to leave.
	“I’m sorry.” Rob squeezed Jacob’s hand, trying to keep him lucid.  He knew Jacob wasn’t going to fight back the cold of mortality, be it by his mental choice or the fatal injuries.  Rob simply wanted a few more minutes to say goodbye.
	“Don’t be.” A faint smile drew across his face. “I can see her.”
	Robert looked to Jacob’s right, where the faint apparition of Nicole took a seat beside him.  She didn’t speak a word and her eyes bled of sorrow.  She hated to take another life.  This one hurt more, given his reputation.  She pressed a hand over the crimson hole in Jacob’s chest, as if to hide the scar.  This was the tragedy of how life could be taken.  Some would argue this moment was going to happen regardless.  They would see it as fate.  But the few who understood saw beyond the happenstance.  Jacob found the spirit to continue for years, serving a purpose he didn’t understand until he made one promise to his child.  And he fulfilled it to the best of his abilities.  This was Jacob’s destiny, to give his life defending the defenseless.
	“Who?” Robert asked, his eyes locked on Nicole’s ghost.
	“Alyssa.” Jacob smiled wide. “She is so beautiful.”
	Robert’s lip quivered.  He didn’t want to see a friend of such caliber going.  From the beginning, Jacob was like a father.  He guided them through the worst of their times after surviving his own vicious transformation.  Not once did he seek help fighting the demons that he would never truly escape.  Not once did he lose faith that he would be reunited with his daughter.  And Robert couldn’t tell him to refuse her company after he’d done so much for them. “Go to her.” He whispered.
	Nicole lowered her hand from his bullet wound to the open palm of his hand.  She laid it out flat against his, her eyes closing.  This was just as gut-wrenching for her.  She had the worst side of this, guiding souls from one life to another.  Jacob exhaled his last breath, the grin still spread across his face.  The last thought to go through Jacob’s mind was something more beautiful than gold.  Robert could only hope for such a feeling when his day came.
	Nicole dipped her head with eyes closed. “It’s done.” Her apparition left Jacob and took a knee beside Robert.
	Rob grabbed the bleeding wound tightly, his teeth clenched to fight back the suffering. “I couldn’t kill Travis.  Jacob had to do it for me.”
	Nicole outstretched a hand and wrapped it around Robert’s arm.  The hurt seemed to disperse, but only enough. “Who avenged us didn’t matter, so long as we were avenged.  I’ll thank Jacob should I see him.”
	“Is he with her?” She nodded in silence. “What about you?  Are you finished?”
	Nicole allowed a thin smile to manifest. “Lives won’t be taken for some time now.  Years, perhaps.  By that time, he’ll have found someone else willing to take the burden.”
	Robert shook his head. “Tell me, please.  When can I see you again?”
	“By the second day of the inferno, you’ll know your time is near.  Until those flames rise, you’ll be here to look over them.  And when your time with the outpost comes to a close, I have a feeling you’ll know who should step in your shoes.” She outstretched a hand, but knew she couldn’t reach. “Don’t lose faith, Bobby.  I will always be with you.” Her ghost faded from Robert’s vision.
	In the next moment, Walter’s unit burst through the doors to the dining hall.  Rayburn’s unit attacked simultaneously from the other side. “Nobody move!” Tom screamed as loud as he could.  A surviving detail of about thirty men found themselves cornered on both sides.  Looking back and forth, they quickly saw themselves in a situation that couldn’t be won.
	Walter took a step forward. “Put your weapons on the ground!  Now!” He approached with a gun raised toward anyone who was lax to comply.  The war was over, Walter could see the muzzle flashes letting up outside.  Marines collected the surrendered rifles from the held up troop.
	Austin glanced around worriedly. “Are you going to kill us?”
	Walter sent Tom a questioning look.  The General had final say in the morals of this war.  They were all guilty of murder, and some of his best and brightest were taken in this fight.  But who did it serve to kill those who surrendered? “No,” Tom replied. “By this time tomorrow, you’ll all have left this place.  For good.  Any of you choose to fight that, we will kill you.”
	“What about--”
	“We’ll return your weapons once the firing pins are removed.  That’s only because I’m concerned you won’t last if you run across zombies.  And we’ll be visiting Pine from time to time to check on our neighbors, so don’t come close to it.”
	Walter raised his comm, “Report.”
	Logan rose to a stand.  At the moment, Mason was fervently applying pressure to one of the serious wounds Chad suffered. “Crawford’s hit.  It isn’t looking good.”
	“Anyone else?”
	“Simms, Dobbs, and Wright.”
	“Yeah, we had a few casualties on this side, too.” Walter bit his lip, holding off the pain of losing more men.  However he couldn’t deny that the lives lost tonight were in better place than this world. “Bobby, do you copy?”
	Robert reached for the radio on his vest. “Yeah,” he spoke in a strained voice.
	“What’s your status?” Walter started to the door, “You don’t sound good.”
	Rob was struggling to breathe with a hole in his chest, but clenched the call button. “I’m at the crash site.”
	“Keep your eyes open, Bobby,” Walter sprinted out the door shortly followed by Scott. “We’re coming.”
	Robert laid his head back on the ground.  The world seemed to dim around him.  His arms and legs became numb.  Robert licked his lips and his eyes began to flutter. ‘This is the end.’ Nicole gave him one idea, but he felt himself giving into the breath of heaven.  He was ready to go now.  Blood loss would take him to the other side.  Robert expected to see her silhouette as his head came limp against the dirt.  Instead, a pair of fatigues blotted out the starlight.
	“Bobby, can you hear me?” Scott dropped to a knee in front of Rob.  Robert felt a cold finger squeeze his neck. “He’s got a pulse.” Rob’s eyes drifted open. “You’re going to be fine, Bobby.  Stay with us.”
	As the medic went to work stabilizing Robert, Walter looked at the tragic scene beyond.  A mangled helicopter, a landscape strewn with bodies, blood pools every step.  And in the center, three brave souls who never accepted anything but victory.  Walter looked through the cracked windshield of the cockpit to see Andrew’s face, closed eyes and lines of red running down from his lips.  He circled to the other side to find Luke Walsh.  Seeing the kid pumped full of holes made him cringe.  A small token, he spotted Luke’s right hand on his pistol as if he attempted to use it in his last moments.  At least the kid went down fighting.
	First Sergeant Bluth made a complete revolution of the helicopter to see the final casualty of the Seahawk crash.  Walt blotted out the dialogue of Scott keeping Robert lucid by means of small talk when his eyes came to rest on one of the most courageous men he had the opportunity to meet.  Major Jacob Warren, dedicated and pure from beginning to end.  A decorated career nearly three decades long.  Everyone thought lung cancer would catch up to him before a bullet wound.  Walter sighed deeply. “This is Bluth, I’m at the crash site.  Corbin, Walsh, and Warren are KIA.” Sending the transmission filled his mind with woe, but a spark of pride lit the dark shadow.
	Robert hated and loved to hear the report go out.  Jacob found the peace he’d been looking for, and that was all anyone ever wanted.  He cringed as gauze pads planted atop the bleeding wound.  Pain was only temporary.  For the first time since Bobby got home from his enlistment, he felt the ability to rest easy.  The hunt was over and Robert survived by the skin of his teeth.  Rob pondered if Travis didn’t find purgatory like he expected, but rather the warmth of the ones he loved and lost long ago.  Because in the end, it wasn’t really Travis who emerged when everything was lost.  A diseased monster became him, until only the smell of blood could relish his hate.
	What were the dead in a world of the living dead?  Some would consider those lost a pretext, that the living would never overcome the plague.  Not so many would say the deaths of a few were the foundation and inspiration for the survival of the many.  Robert was one of the few who knew that death was nothing to fear and everything to behold.  Robert could barely remember the faces of many people he came to know after the virus.  Even Lexie’s features were starting to fade from his memory.
	The worst part of dying wasn’t how much it hurt, where it happened, or what one accomplished before they passed on.  It was waiting in life, watching as days turn to weeks, months, and years.  Waiting for death, blinded by a constant struggle to stay alive.  Travis had it wrong; the dead were free…and the living were imprisoned.

Day 775
Rising Sun

	Robert struggled to stay alive throughout the night.  He’d lost a lot of blood to Travis’ blade.  Kendall was one of the few who matched Robert’s blood type and was able to donate enough to keep him alive.  Robert wasn’t awake for most of it, only drifting out of his dream for seconds at a time to groan in agony and shock himself back into the visual.
	Robert walked through the plains he’d come to know in an afterlife.  A white ocean leading to a vibrant blue horizon.  But nobody was here with him.  Robert was in heaven, alone.  He’d rather be in hell than this.  Rob took a seat on the beach and bit his lip.  He hung his head low, with hate in his heart for having to accept Nicole’s soul wouldn’t be as close as it was the last year.
	“Keep your chin up, Sergeant.” Robert hadn’t heard the voice since the first day of the infection, in another dream.  Rob spun about to see his commanding officer George McGill walking toward him wearing a white suit.
	“What are you doing here?” Rob asked. “You died five years ago.”
	George took a seat beside Robert. “Just being repaid a small token.  I saved your life in that forest.”
	Rob smiled. “And I’m grateful for that.”
	“I know how you respect the life I gave you, Bobby.  I’m honored to see you lived up to what I hoped you’d be.”
	“What’s that?” Rob chuckled, “A survivor?”
	“A hero.” George looked Robert deep in the eye.
	Rob clenched his teeth. “I’m sorry about Lexie.”
	“Don’t be sorry you lost her,” George grinned wide, “I found her.  I never saw her so beautiful in the last life as she is now.  I should thank you.”
	Robert reflected on the vibrant horizon. “I’m glad she’s happy.”
	“She still worries about you.  We all worry about every one of you.”
	“This isn’t a palm reading?” Robert speculated.
	George chuckled, “The afterlife is parallel to the mortal world.  We don’t know any more than you do.  That was the gift given to Nicole when she took the job.”
	“Why would she do that?”
	“Because she loved you.  More than anything.  She gave herself up to be able to watch over the outpost.  Nikki couldn’t change most of it, but she broke a few rules to give you a fighting chance.” George smiled. “But now you have to take the reigns.  Nicole promised it was all smooth sailing after last night.  You’ll know when it’s time.” George put a hand on Robert’s chest.  He pushed Rob to the sand.
	Robert awoke from the dream.  He let out a deep exhale and wheezed.  The oxygen rushed to his lungs.  Air hurt the airways when it was devoid of them for more than a minute.  A few people cheered when he started moving again.  Robert’s head was loose.  Derek cupped Robert’s head in his hand. “You aren’t giving up on me, are you?”
	Robert sluggishly replied from the drugs in his system. “Who said I was giving up?” Derek pressed his head against Robert’s. “You’re my brother, Derek.  I’m here with you to the end.”
	Walter stepped into the health station, where almost a dozen more critical wounds were being handled.  Four enemy combatants were being treated alongside the seven soldiers.  He looked at the blood staining the walls and floors.  The walls were result of two with arterial spray, but the sound of everyone inside could be heard.  It reminded Walt of some other aftermaths he’d been through.
	Robert’s surgery was over and he’d recently been freed of the sedative.  It took a few minutes for Rob to summon the strength to get out of bed.  Derek didn’t think twice as he helped Robert to his feet.  The unharmed elder helped the wounded veteran out of the health station.  Robert requested Derek let him walk on his own.  Rob limped over to a nearby pillar and leaned against it. “It’s over.”
	Derek nodded. “Shooting had to stop sooner or later.  How are you holding up?”
	Robert laughed. “I’ve never been better.”
	Walter’s eyes focused on Scott, on his way out from far room.  The Sergeant took a seat in the desk and closed his eyes.  Walt stepped up to the desk, “What’s going on, Scott?”
	Scott gave him a glance.  His eyes were sagging from sleeplessness.  The entire night’s battle was still fresh in his mind and he was one of the few with the skills necessary to save some of these people.  He’d already lost one of the mercenaries from loss of blood.  A marine was doomed, as was a dear friend.
	Scott wiped his eyes. “Chad’s not gonna make it.”
	Walter bit his lips.  He sighed deeply, “I had a feeling that was coming.  I should have pulled him out earlier in the fight.  I looked right in his eyes.”
	“He was saying the very opposite,” Scott shook his head. “If it wasn’t for him, we could have lost Nova.”
	Walter clenched his teeth, “He took another two bullets because I let him keep fighting.”
	Scott smirked vaguely. “All due respect, sir, he wasn’t about to listen to anything you were going to say to him.  Told me himself.” The medic paused. “He’s been asking to talk to you since we set up triage here.”
	Walter’s fingers went numb.  This was a long walk down a short hallway he’d grown accustomed to in previous circumstances.  After a fight, getting back with a wounded man too critical to be saved.  A last conversation, saying goodbye.  These moments happened too seldom for his liking.  Why did it have to be Chad?  Walter cleared his throat as he stepped into the room.  Chad took up the far bed, his eyes staring into the ceiling.  He turned his head to see Walt with a content stare in his eyes.
	“Staff Sergeant,” he raised a hand.
	“Crawford,” Walt took a look at the injuries he sustained.  It was a miracle Chad was still alive.  He only had one matter to take care of.  That was the one reason he was still awake.  The pain was unbearable, but he didn’t have to feel it very much longer. “Scott says you’ll be out of here in a day or two.”
	Chad revealed a thin smile, “I know what’s going on, Walt.  You don’t have to sugarcoat it.  Did you get that bastard?”
	“Yeah,” Walt smiled, “we got him.”
	“Good,” Chad closed his eyes, “I needed to know.” He clenched his teeth, “Sorry I didn’t listen to you last night.”
	“Your actions may have saved the platoon.  Don’t apologize.”
	“One condition: don’t beat yourself up when I’m gone.  It was always my choice whether I lived or died, not yours.” He laughed, “I’ll give my best to Kenny and the others.”
	“Do you need me to say anything, to the others.”
	Chad pondered it. “Tell Bobby I’m sorry for swinging on him.”
	Walt smirked. “He knows it wasn’t you in that moment.  Don’t remind yourself of any regrets right now, it’s not worth it.”
	Chad sighed deeply, “I guess it’s a sad day on earth…and since heaven is at max capacity, it’s gonna be a great night in hell.” He outstretched an arm to Walt, who took it with his own hands. “Keep them safe, Walt.” Walter and Chad maintained eye contact for another minute.  The First Sergeant noticed when Chad’s pupils dilated and the strength left his arm.  Walt lowered Chad’s lifeless hand onto his chest and closed the eyelids over his blind stare.
	Walt inhaled sharply, resigning one of his best men to their mortality.  He’d watched enough of his men die that it became second nature to mourn.  A tear didn’t fill his eyes, as he needed to be strong.  The ranks were thinner now than yesterday which meant there was little room for remorse.  Walter left the room, a blank expression in his eyes.  Scott could tell by the look in his eyes that Chad wasn’t with them anymore.  He lowered his head and recited a prayer for a good friend lost.
	Robert approached the mass of graves.  The bodies of mercenaries weren’t taken by those allowed to leave.  Instead they were thrown into a brush fire.  What would be left were ashes, no longer staining the fields in the syrupy crimson of war.  A pair of tents had been set up a few meters from the health unit.  The outpost’s dead were collected here for everyone to say goodbye.  As Robert entered, his eyes first caught a half dozen non-combatants wishing Joseph a better life beyond this world.
	A few strides from them, Robert spotted Brooke over another body.  She carefully wiped the blood from Jacob’s wounds through watered eyes.  Robert wrapped his good arm around her shoulder and leaned in closer. “I spoke to him before he died.  He’s in a better place now.”
	“I know,” Brooke nodded. “I wish I had the chance to thank him for all he did.”
	Robert sighed, “We were a family to him.  He promised to protect us, no matter the cost.”
	Derek turned away from Joe.  The bodies of Luke Walsh, Andrew Corbin, Tyler Bowman, and three marines couldn’t be ignored.  Derek clenched his teeth and resigned himself from the tent.  He retrieved a pack of cigarettes, Jacob’s signature Marlboros, and sparked one up.
	Zack patted Derek on the shoulder, “How are you holding up, old man?”
	Derek stared out to the distant mountains. “Remember when this all started?  There were only twenty of us, and the last thing on our minds was a war with anything other than the dead.”
	“Savannah and I can raise Abel without worrying.  I take comfort knowing it’s all over now.”
	Derek shook his head, “The battle is over, but the war is yet long.  That virus will always be out there.”
	Zack rolled his eyes, “What are the chances it’ll find us, Derek?”
	“Our struggles with the living have come to a close.  But I’ll always live in fear knowing one day this outpost can be overrun.”
	Zack scoffed, “What’s making you say this?”
	Derek gulped, “A warning.”
	“From who?”
	“Forget it,” Derek shook his head. “You’re right.  Raise Abel the right way, without living in fear.  He doesn’t need to know what’s beyond those gates.” Derek walked away from the tent.
	Zack was speculative for a few seconds, but returned to Savannah who was crying over Jacob’s body.  The marine had been like a father to many who needed one in such trying times.  His character was different than the man they met two years ago, a sack of blood and bones stripped of the only thing he cared about.  Jacob died when he found the outpost, but he was reborn into a better person.  The phoenix of the apocalypse.
	A few minutes later, Walter stepped into the same tent.  He kept his eyes off of the bodies of Luke and Tyler, but he couldn’t avoid Jacob without speaking to Rob.  He leaned in alongside Rob. “Chad’s gone.”
	Robert clenched his teeth, “I’m sorry.”
	Walt shook his head. “He knew Lexie was waiting on the other side, Sergeant.  I’ve never seen him so happy…so happy to be leaving.”
	“Give your men my best, Walter.  I need to take a walk.” Robert started out of the tent.
	Walter was only a few strides behind him. “Keep in mind, Bobby.  This is where it ends.  This is where we start our new beginning.”
	Robert stopped to nod back at him, then continued walking.  He still had a burden to take care of.  It wasn’t until Robert traveled a mile into the forest that he dropped to his knees.  His eyes watered for the lives lost.  Among them, a woman who wanted Robert to recover and start anew.  Now he realized he found himself unable to reset his life until some of the most dear to him were gone.  But was this a beginning, or rather a chapter nearer to his beautiful end?
	Robert cleared his throat, “George…I never got the chance to thank you.” It was George’s sacrifice that led Robert to this point.  Any other circumstance, Robert Caldwell would have been nothing more than any other tombstone in a graveyard.  Robert owed George his life and that debt could never be repaid.  But it was also a gift, one he could pay forward.  Robert didn’t have a new beginning, no chance to have a fresh start.  He was meant to live one life, and he’d done so fairly well.  After this an eternity was waiting for him beyond the stars.
	An hour later, the collective returned to the dining hall.  Tom rose to a stand and cleared his throat.  The marines immediately stopped talking, and the civilians followed suit a few moments later.  At first, the General didn’t know what to say. “I find myself hunting for words…we lost some good men for this patch of land.  Fathers, sons, brothers.  I want to say I regret going in last night.  But I’ve been reassuring myself that those soldiers have something better now: freedom.  They don’t need to fear the plague like we do.” He raised a shot glass full to the brim with whiskey. “They don’t feel the burn of alcohol like us mortals.  They won’t bleed like we’ll bleed.  Their hearts will never be broken, as they have reunited with family and friends.  And their souls will never be forgotten, because we will honor them every day.”
	Trevor raised his glass, “Hell yes, we will.” A dozen other marines grunted their approval.
	Brooke rose from her seat and approached the General’s position in front of all eyes. “I hate to interrupt, Tom.”
	“Be my guest,” Tom insisted.
	“Long before we met you and your marines, before Walter’s platoon found us…there were a few more people who would otherwise be filling these chairs today.” A tear welled in her eye before she continued. “To this day, I remember their faces.  They were amazing people who didn’t deserve to die like they did.  But in my heart, I know they were meant for something more than this life could offer.  Their purpose was to watch over us, assure that we’d live to see days like these.” Robert leaned against the doorframe, just inside the shadows to avoid being seen.
	Robert rotated his shoulder to stretch the bandages over his chest.  Hearing Brooke speak reminded him of Nicole.  The harsh realization she wouldn’t be visiting him in hallucinations or near death experiences made him clench his teeth in exasperation.  Since her death, the soul had always been guarding him like a knight’s armor.  Now that warmth would be gone, and would only truly reconnect with him when his life came to a close.  While nobody could be sure of heaven or afterlife, Robert never felt a feeling stronger than knowing beyond a doubt that it was true.
	Robert left the dining hall while a half dozen different people shared their obituaries of friends and family.  He walked into the meadow until surrounded by the brush, where he laid down on his back and stared into the sky.  All too familiar a place, but with a lighter load than he’d felt in the longest time.  The weight shed was less a burden, more a gift.  Because Robert knew what the beauty of the afterlife looked like.  Never an emotion of grief or anger could manifest in what was the real promised land.  A tropical island devoid of corruption, deceit, and hate.  If Robert didn’t still have weight to carry watching over the scattered pieces of his family, he would have considered sending himself back.  But that was not his destiny, nor would he resign himself to a fate so selfish.
	“Rob?”
	Robert’s eyes snapped open.  He thought he’d gone into a dream, but found the sun in the same place high over his head.  Rob wiped his eyes, “Yes?”
	Derek stepped toward Robert from the same path the latter carved to this hidden place. “I hope you’re not considering--”
	“Suicide?”
	Derek hesitated. “I was going to say a vacation.”
	“Any vacation I want is in the back of my mind right now.”
	“How can I be sure of that?”
	Rob scoffed, “The people need a leader, and I haven’t heard you volunteering for the job yet.”
	“That’s only because I’d take away your incentive.” Derek looked at Rob’s bandages. “How’s your wound?”
	“I’m a little lightheaded from blood loss.  Should be back to normal in a couple days, though.”
	Derek nodded, “I need to ask.  Did Jacob find what he was looking for?”
	Robert smiled. “Right before he died, Jake told me he could see his daughter.  The last time I saw him smile like that, Alyssa was still alive.”
	Derek beamed wide. “So he got what he wanted.  But did you?”
	“I never found revenge, and Jacob put Travis down.  One thing that comforts me is knowing that Nicole is free of the chains holding her between life and beyond.”
	“Any parting words?”
	Robert chuckled, “You want to know if you’re going to die again?”
	“No,” Derek shook his head. “I’d like to know if there are any more trials by fire we’ll be walking through in the near future.”
	“She said there would be an inferno, and by the second day I’d know what to do.”
	“This plateau is no stranger to fires--”
	“I don’t think she meant an inferno in the literal sense, Derek.  Do me a favor and keep your eyes open.”
	Derek nodded, “Sounds easy enough.”
	“But while you’re at it, try to keep your mouth shut.  I don’t want to worry anyone for now.  This is some peace I’ve been long overdue for.”

Day 1643
Evolution

	Moments like these were hard to come by.  Robert leaned back in a beach chair, soaking up the rays of the sun as they bore down on him.  A six pack of beer was half gone, one of the bottles in hand.  Rob removed a pair of sunglasses and set them on the towel beneath his chair.  His eyes stared out at the vast blue ocean as it stopped at the horizon and above bore a clear, blue sky.
	Robert took another swig of the drink.  The beer tasted beyond its shelf life, but in all honesty so did everything else.  At least it was giving him a buzz. “Beautiful day.”
	“Our lord is looking down on us,” a familiar voice rang beside him.  Robert turned to Nicole who was sitting in the adjacent chair. “He’s given us yet another gift.”
	“Do you want to go for a swim?”
	Nicole shook her head, “No.  The sun feels good right here.”
	Rob chuckled. “I brought us to Hawaii with the understanding this would be a vacation.”
	“Like a honeymoon?” Nicole smirked.
	“I’m just saying we should take as much of this in as we can.”
	Nicole sighed. “You make it sound like this is only temporary.”
	Robert bit his cheek, “Is it?  Only you would know.”
	“Now that I find myself here, the only thing I want is to be home.”
	“I’ve never felt closer to home than when I’m with you.” Robert outstretched a hand and took hers in his.  Strange, the skin felt cold to the touch.  Robert’s brow furrowed and he turned to make eye contact.
	Nicole removed her sunglasses and looked back at him. “This isn’t real, Robert.  You need to wake up.” The sky cracked like a glass mirror, blackness piercing the fractures while the ocean turned sinister.  A massive wave rolled onto the beach from out of nowhere.  Robert clenched his eyes shut just before the water would crush him.
	“Wake up!” Derek repeated louder.
	Robert’s eyes popped open to see Derek with a hand on his shoulder. “What?”
	“We’ve got a problem.”
	Robert never liked to hear those words.  His veteran’s trade had the man on his feet and throwing a shirt over his head a split second later. “Give me the details.”
	Derek looked out the window at the slowly fading darkness. “The undead.  Some of them ran across us.”
	“How many?”
	“How many ran across the outpost right now isn’t as important as what Melanie’s seeing on the satellite.”
	Robert didn’t appreciate Derek avoiding the answer.  He grabbed a radio, “Walter, tell me what’s going on.”
	The radio was silent for a few seconds before Walter answered. “I think it’d be better if you saw yourself.” Robert sent Derek a worried look. “We’re at the sat-link at Rimside.”
	Robert clicked his teeth, “I’m on my way.”
	“The sooner, the better.”
	Robert and Derek hurried out of the cabin.  En route, Zack inquired having heard the transmission. “Bobby?”
	“You’re as informed as I am, Zack.  Feel free to tag along if you want.”
	Zack nodded and followed, “Derek, do you know anything?”
	“I know enough to not say anything here.” Derek mumbled just loud enough for Zack to hear.  His eyes darted to several people rising from sleep with curiosity sparking.
	The group was impeded by Brooke. “I need to see what’s going on, too.”
	Robert nodded, “Come with us.”
	Zack glanced back to Savannah, “I’ll be right back.” Savannah nodded silently, her eyes glancing back into the dorm.  Abel was fast asleep in the cot, the only person who wasn’t awoken by the speculative radio transmission.
	Robert rushed down to his car and jumped in the driver’s seat.  Brooke took up the passenger seat, while Derek and Zack hopped in the flatbed.  Brooke glanced over at him, “What do you know?”
	“Something about the zombies, that’s all Derek led on.” Robert turned the key in the ignition. “We’ll know in about five minutes.” He pushed his foot on the gas.
	Robert’s hurried drive didn’t meet unfortunate consequence.  He’d become a master at driving the blacktop since the plague.  And it was only five in the morning, so traffic was non-existent.  In a little under three minutes, Robert was yanking the stick into park and jumping out with the others.
	Derek led them into the room where Melanie’s satellite uplink had been active for more than a year.  It was a good measure for their security, and hemp produced a fuel they could rely on indefinitely.  That was how these few electric components were operating today.  As soon as Robert, Brooke, and Zack stepped in, the voices inside grew eerily silent.
	“Show us,” Robert requested.
	Walt bit his lip, then hinted at Melanie who was fervently typing on a computer. “This didn’t seem like much a couple days ago, but less than an hour ago it became a reason for concern.”
	Melanie looked up at the master screen, where the uplink produced an image.  The continental United States was visible through the satellite’s imagery, showing sunlight cresting over the Rocky Mountains.  She zoomed the image in centering on Arizona, closer and closer with every click.  Soon enough, a few thermal spots became clearly visible as the outpost.  She stepped out of the chair. “Do you see this?” She pointed to a mass of cold just outside of Show Low. “My curiosity got the better of me, and when I zoomed in.” She clicked the enter button three times.
	Robert’s heart sank when he saw what she was talking about.  A mass of zombies, what may very well have been thousands. “That’s still thirty miles from us,” Rob tried to be optimistic.
	Melanie nodded. “Yes, and that’s what has us worried.” She walked to another laptop and clicked a few buttons. “This was three days ago.” The mass was much smaller and unorganized, stretching miles out of the town of Show Low. “Two days ago.” The image changed, showing the conglomerate grouping together and honing in on the town. “And yesterday.” The group was collected, and proved they were moving in a beeline.
	“How is that possible?”
	“We didn’t know until just a few minutes ago,” Walter replied.  He nodded at Melanie, who returned to the first computer.
	“I knew this couldn’t be coincidence.  So I changed the imagery to register electric currents in the area.  I figured maybe it could have been some atmospheric discharge that was putting them on our course.” Melanie shrugged, “Everything was worth a try.” She hit the enter key.
	All eyes turned to the main screen.  Where the mass of undead were, an aura of white replaced it.  And several other orbs of light became visible from the change of a satellite image to a blue screen picking up any electronic activity.  Walter gulped when he saw it again. “The undead are evolving.  There was no synapse in their brains four years ago when this started.  Now, their numbers grow every day.  And in the last hour, since some of Tom’s marines killed off a few walkers, undead from the surrounding cities have been drawn in.  They’re coming straight for us.”
	What Robert heard went against everything he came to know about the undead.  The zombies weren’t supposed to evolve, combine their strength into a massive army, or hone in on the smell of living flesh miles away.  But the evidence couldn’t be ignored. “How many?” Brooke asked, as Robert was speechless.
	Walt interlaced his fingers atop his scalp. “We don’t know for sure.  From what we’ve estimated, there’s maybe a thousand coming from Show Low alone.  And another group is coming in from Payson, probably just as strong.”
	“Two thousand undead, probably more.” Robert clenched his teeth, “we don’t have the ammo reserves for half of that.  How soon are they going to be here?”
	“Judging by their speed…we’ll be lucky if we have three days.”
	“All our methods of escape are cut off.  They’re coming in from both sides.” Derek sighed. “Do you see why I didn’t want to tell you?”
	Zack started hyperventilating.  He lost his footing in fear while backpedaling and fell on his back. “I can’t stay here.  I need to get Abel and Savannah out--” He rushed for the door, but Derek stopped him before he got out the door.  Derek pressed Zack against the wall.
	“Where would you go?  Any route you go, you’ll drive straight into a wall.”
	Robert closed his eyes in defeat. “We’re surrounded and out of ammo.”
	Mike took a sharp breath, “I assume suicide’s the only reasonable way out.”
	“No,” Robert raised a finger at Mike. “We’re not killing ourselves to get out of this mess.”
	“What would you suggest, then?” Walter asked. “The airport doesn’t have a plane we can take out of here and I don’t plan on walking a hundred miles to our next safe haven.”
	“Will both of those groups of zombies be hitting us at the same time?”
	“Within a few hours of each other, yes.” Melanie nodded.
	“Maybe there’s a way to get everyone out.  But it’s risky, because we’ll have to wait until the last second.  Tom?”
	The General raised his head after finishing a prayer at the far side of the room with two other marines. “Yeah, Bobby?”
	“How many explosives do we have left?”
	“Maybe a couple dozen.”
	“Whatever ordnance you have, we’ll need it on the road.” Robert glanced at Melanie. “Zoom in on the outpost.” Melanie typed in the coordinates to give the screen a full overlay of the complex. “Slide northeast a little.” The images came through a second later. “This,” he pointed at the flatlands between the hills and cliffs at the northeast part of the camp, “is our emergency escape, if the outpost was ever hit from the southern side.  That group from Show Low will find a way in on the east side.  Our fencing doesn’t surround the whole complex.  The ones from Payson will likely come in through the 504.  This route is off-road for about a mile, but it connects to another service road to the northwest.”
	Derek raised a finger, “Why are we blowing up the 504 if it’s our only way back to the highway?”
	“We’re going to need to clear the road if we have any chance of getting through that cluster.”
	“Some undead will be sporadically reaching the perimeter over the next couple of days.” Melanie enlightened.
	Rob turned his attention to Tom and Walt. “Tell your men to save their ammo.  We’re going to need to stay here as long as possible so we can thin out their rear and sneak out from behind.”
	“What should we tell the others?” Tom asked.
	Robert hesitated.  But why spread a lie, when the death of the outpost was facing them less than 72 hours from now? “The truth.  Everyone needs to get their things ready, load up the trucks, and organize the convoy at Meadowlark by tonight.” Robert started for the door.  He stopped by Zack and put a hand on his shoulder. “I promise you Zack, I will die before I let any harm come to you, your wife, or your child.”
	Zack halfheartedly nodded, “Thanks, but I can’t hope for an empty promise to save my family.”
	“When should we inform everyone about this?” Brooke asked.
	Robert stopped at the door. “Give them a few hours, let them sleep peacefully a little longer.”
	Robert left the building.  Derek sprinted out behind him, “Bobby?”
	“What now?”
	“Are you sure this is going to work?”
	“Have a little faith, brother.  It’s all we have now.”
	“And if this plan of yours works out…where will we go?”
	Robert reflected on the dream he was awoken from. “Hawaii.”
	Derek chuckled, “That’s a long distance, Bobby.  You’re assuming the Mobile Bay’s still in San Diego?”
	“It will be.” Robert nodded as he stepped into his truck.
	“Where are you going?”
	“To pray.” Robert closed the door and drove away.
	Walter and his platoon met at the maintenance shed, what was transformed into an armory of sorts.  The supplies were dwindling, as thirty soldiers could only split a thousand rounds so many ways.  Twenty-two caliber bullets added another three hundred shots to the mix, but most of those were reserved for non-combatants.  Walter cleared his throat, “Listen up!” The crowd became deathly silent. “If you haven’t heard yet, the zombies are marching to our doorstep.  The floodgates will open in three days time, perhaps less.  As it stands, we don’t have the ability to hold them back.  There are thousands of undead, so many that we won’t have a single bullet for every head we need to kill.”
	“How is that possible?” Tanner asked. “How are the undead coming straight toward us?”
	“It appears that they’re evolving.  Their brainwaves are connecting, to the degree that they can hone in on other walkers more than ten miles away.  That isn’t as important as our escape plan.”
	“A suicide plan, if you ask me.” Mike wasn’t in favor of Rob’s escape plan, hardly thinking it could be pulled off successfully.
	“The threats we’re facing are approaching from both the east and west, and will breach the perimeter within a couple of hours of each other.  This means we need to hold our ground as long as possible, then circle around and hopefully sneak behind the pack.”
	Aaron finished assembling his M4 and loaded the only full magazine he’d have for the duration of this conflict. “So much for a safe haven.”
	Walter scoffed, “I’m not going to lie, the situation’s gone to shit.  But until now, we all thought the undead would decompose and be gone in a decade.  None of us expected them to turn straight toward us this late.”
	“Or smell living tissue from thirty miles away.” Mike started for the door. “Fire team Charlie, we’ve got first watch on the east perimeter.  Rayburn’s marines will watch the west.”
	Walter nodded, “Everyone else, start packing and provide security for the noncombatants.  The last thing we want and the first thing we can expect is some people to panic.”
	A few hours went by relatively silent.  The civilians were allowed to catch up on their sleep before the reality would be heard.  Two people among them couldn’t even consider closing their eyes, though.  Zack laid in bed next to Savannah, listening to her gentle snoring.  If only he could feel that relaxed.  Instead, he was shivering from the cold running down his spine and chilling every bone in his body.  And regardless of whether he told her or not, the horror would soon envelop her carefree mind.
	Savannah’s eyes stirred open.  She shuffled in bed slightly thinking Zack had gone back to sleep.  When she twisted her head to see, however, her eyes saw the apprehension in his. “Zack, what’s wrong?”
	Zack clenched his teeth.  He couldn’t tell her, he loved her too much. “Please don’t make me lie to you.”
	A knock at the door cut Savannah off from any further inquiry. “Savannah, Zack,” Brooke said from behind the door. “There’s something you need to know.”
	Savannah sat up on the bed, cradling Zack’s hand. “Whatever it is, we’ll get through it.  We always have.”
	“Nothing like this,” Zack replied dryly.
	Savannah threw on some clothes and started for the door.  She stopped with her hand around the knob. “Are you coming?”
	“I’ll stay here and watch Abel.  I don’t want him to hear what you will.” Savannah gulped.  She had yet to see Zack this frightened, to the extent he didn’t want to say anything.  It made the hair on her skin rise.  She walked out of the dorm, and followed a group of a dozen or so others out onto the balcony.
	Brooke paced back and forth with her hands folded. “There’s a serious matter that everyone needs to know about.”
	Ben was no stranger to bad news. “Bobby dying again?”
	Terrence laughed at Ben’s stab at humor.  Brooke sent him a faint smile. “In fact, every life in this camp is at risk.” Ben and Terrence set their jokes aside in the same instant.  Over the whispered murmurs, Brooke continued. “We all assumed that this camp would be safe, a place where we could live out the virus.  This morning, we learned a grave fact: the undead have evolved.”
	Sandra felt Kendall’s wrap around her tighten.  Her eyes went wide, “Evolved?”
	“That’s not possible,” Cassie said, “the dead can’t do that.”
	“I would have said the same thing.  But the satellite has picked up electronic signals coming directly from the zombies.  What I’m trying to say is, they’ve all become interconnected, hardwired so that if one zombie can see a living being, every one of them can.  Mobs of the undead are walking straight toward us from the east and west…we’ve got less than three days before they get here.”
	“Let’s get out now, then,” Kendall replied, “The 377 is right up the road.”
	“Snowflake and Holbrook have a significant undead presence as well.  We’re essentially trapped by the limited roads in this area.”
	Kendall clenched his teeth. “Maybe you don’t understand, Brooke.  I am not going to let our daughter die like that.”
	“I understand more than you’ll ever know.” Brooke replied. “We’re surrounded from all sides.”
	“Then we’ll fight them off.” Heather considered.
	“We don’t have the ammo to kill them all.  Even a single shot for each walker, there would still be hundreds bearing down on us.”
	Savannah closed her eyes.  She fought back the tears welling inside, thinking every one of them could be dead in the next three days. “What can we do?” She asked after stifling a sob.
	“Robert has a plan.  It’s not solid…but we don’t have any other choices.”
	Sandra nodded, “What is it?”
	“We’ll have to wait until the last day.  The undead will be inside the camp on the verge of overrunning us.  If we’re lucky, the crowd won’t be congesting the road.  We’ll take the emergency route and follow it to a connecting road.”
	Terrence tilted his head, “Any idea where we’ll go if this ‘last resort’ doesn’t get us all killed?”
	Rob stepped up from behind, “Back to San Diego, onto the sea, and straight for the Hawaiian islands.” He patted Kendall on the shoulder. “This is just another test, Kendall, be faithful.”
	“How sure are you that this will work?”
	“It’s a flip of a coin, it’ll work or it won’t.  And if it doesn’t, we’re all dead.  But that isn’t much different than the last four years, is it.”
	“It is to us,” Sandra replied. “I don’t want to lose Katie.”
	Savannah nodded, “I don’t want to lose Abel.”
	Robert smirked, “There have been angels protecting us since the beginning.  Nobody said survival would be easy, every one of you knows that as well as I.”
	“Technically, you haven’t really survived,” Savannah replied bitterly, commenting on Robert’s previous trials where he’d almost lost his life on two occasions.
	Robert sent her a solemn glance. “There’s no other way that I can think of to get everyone out alive.  If you have a better idea, by all means share them with us.  Anywhere we could collect ammo is beyond the undead, and we can’t hide forever in the cabins because they know we’re here and they can wait indefinitely.  There’s no airplane that can carry all of us, on top of which we don’t have a pilot.  And if we tried to leave now, we’d be running straight into a brick wall and digging ourselves early graves.”
	The truth was hard to hear, but it was necessary to prevent a panic when the undead were marching on their doorstep.  Brooke nodded in agreement.  She knew the situation was dire and there was no room for error.  Survival wasn’t guaranteed, but life hadn’t been guaranteed in four years.  Overcoming a situation like this would define the outpost’s last endeavor forever, be it success or failure.
	Robert took Savannah’s hand in his, “I failed Nicole, but I won’t fail you.  I promise, your family will survive.”

Day 1644
Ultimatum

	The next morning struck them in a flash.  Robert had been strung out focusing on everything that needed to take place in the few hours it would happen.  Today, the sun was only just cresting over the horizon when Tom smacked the door. “Bobby, let’s get moving.  The charges need to be placed.”
	Robert lifted himself out of bed weary from insomnia.  The entire night hearing one or two gunshots every hour or so kept him wide awake.  He had too much to worry about now.  He made a promise and he intended to keep it.  Robert sat upon the bed and turned on his walkie. “Melanie, can I get an elevation scan of the camp?”
	“I think I can do that…why?”
	“If there’s any way we can slow these guys down when they’re inside, we need to take advantage of it.” Robert rose to a stand when Tom knocked at the door again.
	Rob opened the door, where Tom and two marines were waiting. “You ready, Sergeant?”
	“More than ever, Brigadier General.” Robert swung the door open and leaded the pack out.  He wasn’t expecting Derek to be waiting outside. “Derek?”
	“You haven’t convinced me yet, Bobby.  My girls could die tomorrow.”
	“Don’t be afraid, Derek.   I need you focused.  We’re going to get out of this, together.”
	Derek shuffled uncomfortably. “That’s not good enough.”
	Rob sighed, “What is your heart telling you, brother?”
	Derek scoffed and looked away, “To listen to you because you’re right half the time.”
	“It’s chance, but it’s our only hope.” Robert walked closer and embraced Derek tightly.  The latter returned the hug. “Hope is what keeps us alive, brother.” Robert rejoined with the trio of marines waiting at the ramp.  Their speed doubled once he was away from the civilians, many of whom were restless by their new aspect of reality.  The aspect being a clock ticking down the seconds left in their lives.
	Robert jumped into the front passenger seat with Tom while the two marines took the back. “The situation’s escalated a little since yesterday’s news, Sergeant.  We didn’t count on stranded undead littering the forest.  We’ve counted 82 kills since yesterday morning.”
	“How much ordnance do you got?”
	“Fourteen plastic explosives, a dozen grenades, and six claymores.”
	“Do you have any shovels?”
	“The maintenance shed is the armory to us marines, if you didn’t know by now.”
	Sergeant Swift chuckled, “What are we digging, if I might ask?”
	“Holes will slow them down.  We’re going to need all the time we can get once the outpost is breached.   Once Melanie can get the elevation mapped, we’ll be digging trenches in key areas to give them some obstacles.  It’ll help us focus fire and save ammo, too.”
	Tom pulled onto the 504. “What do you suggest as far as the explosives on the road.  They can’t be too close, else we’ll blow up our way out.”
	“Place them along this left edge over a mile.  The outpost isn’t that big.”
	“What if they’re spread out further?”
	Robert clenched his teeth, “I trust your men will have enough ammo to get us back to the highway.”
	“Trust might not be good enough this late in the game, Bobby.  My men will do their best, but none of us were expecting all the dead in the region to suddenly turn their heads on us.”
	“General, none of us were expecting the dead to adapt.  We’ve got to take a few chances when the threshold is crossed.”
	The humvee pulled to a stop at the mile marker where the outpost’s perimeter came to an end.  As the four occupants stepped out, they could see a few dead eyes in the brush a few hundred meters out.  At once, the two younger men started to grab the payload.  Robert’s eyes peered along the eroded west side of the road.  The path of least resistance would be the ones the undead followed.  They would stack up and flood various sections of roadway.  The charges would have to be set up in these prime locations to scatter the zombies where it mattered.
	As a zombie stepped onto the dirt service road, Robert walked toward him.  He checked to see if his pistol was loaded.  Rob confirmed his weapon was ready and put the barrel in the eye socket of the monster.  He froze for a second, looking in the exposed eye to see the gold iris.  A piecing ruby red was replacing the yellow glow.  This was part of their evolution.  And the monster’s decayed flesh appeared to be regenerating itself.  The face was near that of a normal, living being.  A full, clean set of teeth appeared when the monster’s jaw opened to growl.  The gunshot rang out loud and clear, and the body slumped forward on the ground.  At least the zombies still needed a brain to stay undead.
	The adaptation had given the undead senses they previously never had.  A sense of smell multiplied exponentially, a sense of sight that could pierce the darkness with clarity, and an ability to hear further than any living creature could hope.  On top of that, the zombies’ chemistry was changing.  Now what one zombie saw, heard, or smelled, every infected being knew.  The outpost was fortunate only those within a fifty mile radius were approaching.  If every zombie in the US were focused on them, there would be no hope of escape.
	Robert let out a deep breath.  Tom noticed Robert’s reaction after seeing the monster. “Does that worry you?”
	“I thought they would decompose and the virus would be gone in ten years.”
	“If the undead world didn’t throw us a curveball, it would be too easy.” Tom nodded. “We’ll probably be at war with this plague until the end of time.”
	Robert shook his head in frustration.  Everything he knew about the undead could be effectively written off, for it was all false now.  The virus that killed and changed more than half of the world’s population now had the eyes, nose, and ears to find every last living soul and bring it to an end.  Rob could only rely on faith, and hope that the human instinct to survive would be more powerful than the undead grip on the planet.
	By midday, the charges were placed and spaced correctly.  Regardless, everything would have to be perfect down to the timing of the detonation before the convoy passed through the sea of dead.  With Melanie’s topographical scan of the outpost, several key areas were being dug out to hinder the zombies’ advance across the whole five hundred acres.  Trenches stretched six feet across, three feet wide, and spanned another six deep.  A backhoe that hadn’t been used since before the virus found its use.  Though the fuel was limited, the tractor was able to dig more than a dozen holes.
	Soldier and civilian alike took up shovels where the tractor didn’t have time to go.  A group of six per hole made one easy to complete in as little as a half hour.  And each hole could impede a dozen zombies or more.  Robert’s hope was that by the end of the day, more than twenty trenches would span the whole of the outpost.  And it wouldn’t be a second too early, as Melanie’s projections proved the undead masses would be breaking through the gates by the following dawn.
	Rob was busy packing his belongings, most of which were clothes.  He hesitated when he opened the drawer bearing the disassembled rifle of Jacob, as well as his M9 Beretta.  Robert closed his eyes as his memory flashed back on the marine.  But it didn’t stop there.  He pictured every face of every person he’d come to know, with more clarity than Robert had ever been able to recollect.  With a deep breath, he slid the drawer shut and zipped his duffel bag.
	Robert walked out of the dorm slowly with the bag slung over his shoulder.  Strange to think, that after years of surviving in this sacred place, creating a plan that would outlive the undead…he was finally going to have to say goodbye to the land he called home.   Rob started for the door, when Abel’s crying caught his attention.  Rob spun about as Savannah crouched in front of her child. “What’s wrong?” She asked in a reassuring tone.
	Though Abel wasn’t very old, his vocabulary and understanding of words was far more advanced than kids Robert had dealt with before.  The result of Zack and Savannah’s amazing parenting.  Abel wiped his eyes, “The monsters are coming.”
	Robert clenched his teeth.  The last thing he wanted was for a child that young to bear that much fear.  Savannah smiled wide, “No, honey, it’s nothing like that.  We have to go--” she paused, looking for an excuse.  Finally, the words left her mouth before she knew if they would put him at easy, “because a fire is coming.” Robert’s brow furrowed. “A fire will burn this place down and we need to leave.  God gives us these gifts, but he also takes away things very close to us.” She took her child’s hands. “It’s out of our control, but we will find a new home…a better home.”
	Robert stepped back into his dorm and sat on the bed.  He slipped the duffel off his shoulder as the words hit him.  His ears recalled the words from years ago. “The inferno.” He glanced at one of the photographs of Nicole. “Was this your message?”
	Robert interlaced his fingers to pray.  A voice echoed in his ears. “This is your decision, Robert Caldwell.  Whether you live or die, your choice will not be reflected in the next world.” Rob sighed deeply, giving up on the prayer before he started.
	Rob looked out the window to the numerous people loading their belongings into the RV and humvees. “Damn it.” He continued to sit there and ponder over the next hour.  Despite radio transmissions being addressed to him, Robert ignored them.  This possibly last decision was ultimately the hardest he’d ever make in his life.  And nobody in this life or the immortal world could choose it for him.  Rob leaned against the wall while almost two hours had gone by.  Finally the reality began to settle in.  Robert let a smile come to his face. “Deliver them from evil.”
	Derek stepped into the room a few seconds after Robert spoke the words. “Bobby, where have you been?”
	“I haven’t gone anywhere.”
	“What happened?” Derek asked.
	“Battery died,” Rob lied.  A moment later, the radio flared up.
	“I’d think you’d be getting better at lying to me by now.” Derek chuckled. “Brooke said you’d gone into a trance or something.”
	“We need to talk.” Robert led the two out of the cabin and into the woods north of Meadowlark.
	After walking more than ten minutes, Derek growled. “Bobby, you said you needed to talk.  If you want privacy, you’ve got it right here.”
	Rob stopped and turned around. “You’re going to need to look after everyone…I’m not going with you.”
	Derek tilted his head, “What?”
	Rob smiled. “I’ve heard the message that Nicole meant for me.”
	Derek looked away.  He was frustrated, confused, and disheartened all at the same time.  He put a hand over his eyes. “Then I’m staying with you.”
	“I can’t let you do that, Derek.”
	“Why not?” Derek screamed. “You put this on me a day before we’re supposed to leave!  How do you expect me to do this without you?” Tears were welling in his eyes.
	“You have something to live for now.  Your daughter is what keeps you alive.  If I had something like that, I would do whatever I could to stay alive.  But this is beyond our mortal lives.  I was always going to leave sooner or later.  I should have died long ago, to be honest.” Robert’s voice never raised.  He sounded content, like this choice was set in stone years in advance.
	“You need to see this from my perspective.” Derek replied, “You’re my brother, Robert.  We’re not just related by blood.  I would walk the ends of the earth with you because I love you the same as I love Sandra.  I saved your life, Bobby!  Why would you do this?  We need you…I need you.”
	“Then you need to see this from my perspective.  I love Nicole.  I haven’t seen her in almost four years, but my heart has never been closer than it is right now.” Robert knew he was pulling Derek’s strings, but ultimately knew the latter would survive. “I want to hold my child, Derek.  I never got that chance in this life…but I know they’re waiting for me in the next.”
	Derek wiped the sorrow from his eyes.  He knew this day was coming.  He was surprised it hadn’t come sooner. “How are you going to do it?”
	“I’m going to take up the cabin with my own arsenal and draw the undead to me so the convoy has a better chance.”
	Derek shook his head with a forced smirk on your face. “You’re going to sacrifice yourself for the rest of us?” He bit his lip in worry. “Are you sure you’ll be able to find heaven this time?”
	“This is the first time I have permission…to end it how I want.”
	Derek looked away, solemnly envisioning the life he lived with Robert from the very beginning when they were kids to this moment.  He looked back and smiled. “Good luck, Bobby.” He paused. “Who else knows?”
	“You’re the only one.”
	“When are you going to tell the others?” Robert remained silent, “You’re not going to?”
	“I can’t tell them until it’s too late.”
	“Why?”
	“I know Walter and the others will do whatever they can to drag me away from this decision.  You’ll need to be the leader when I’m gone.  They look to Walter and Tom for safety…but they’ve always looked to me for guidance.  It’s your turn to take the reigns.  This is your shot at redemption, maybe you can earn forgiveness from Him.”
	Robert returned to his dorm, where he began to assemble Jacob’s rifle.  It didn’t have much ammo specific to the weapon’s caliber, but he’d only ever fired the same system once in his life.  If tomorrow was his last day, he wanted to live for the little moments and cherish them to their fullest.  Brooke stepped into the room. “Bobby?”
	Robert looked back at her, “Yeah?”
	“Some of us are on our way to the chapel to pray.  It’s the last time, we want to bid farewell to the graves of Nicole and the others.  Will you join us?”
	Robert froze in thought.  The chapel was always there, sanctifying the outpost as holy ground despite the atrocious battles fought on its grounds.  Before February of 2012, it was just another building to Robert.  When his wife and unborn child had been laid to rest outside of it, that building became a symbol of hope.  A long-standing shrine showing the people’s dedication to a higher power, something nobody had any evidence existed but chose to believe in nonetheless.  Rob smiled, “Yes…I’ll be there in a minute.”
	Brooke leaned on the doorframe. “Is there something you want to tell me?”
	Robert faced her directly and let out a deep breath, “No.  Everything’s fine.”
	“You sound extremely calm considering the situation.”
	“Someone needs to be calm…lead by example.”
	Brooke sighed, “Okay.  Don’t keep us waiting too long.” She was suspicious of Robert’s attitude, but didn’t go any further.  The day was yet long and she knew they’d run into each other before the sun set.
	Robert opened Nicole’s diary once more to read another of her more peaceful days.  She’d quoted hundreds of passages from the bible and implemented them in her everyday activities.  Robert didn’t need to read her words to feel closer.  Just the style of her handwriting was enough to make his heart one with hers.  Robert smiled, reading through one of the earlier days.  She had recently learned of her pregnancy, and in this passage she mentioned coming forward with the information to Robert.
	Rob closed his eyes to think of a day he remembered vividly.  Nicole’s eyes lighting up with his initial reaction. “There’s no mistaking a positive result, Bobby.  You’re gonna be a father.”
	Rob beamed at her, “That’s great.  I’m happy for you.”
	“It’s not just me,” Nicole giggled, “it’s us.”
	Rob’s eyes peeled back.  Strange how this close to the last day, he finally understood the full gravity of her words.  Because even after her mission in the afterlife was over, she had been one with him.  At long last, he wouldn’t be waking up alone and talking to someone whose mortal being was not there.  Rob set the book on the dresser, then hurried out of the cabin.
	Rob arrived at the chapel a couple minutes after the others.  More than a dozen had gathered in a circle, taking knees and joining hands.  Mason and Sam were providing security for the civilians, but Brooke asked them to join in the prayer and neither refused.  Brooke looked up when Robert entered the chapel. “Bobby, I’m glad you’re here.”
	Robert approached the group and took a knee beside her. “I wouldn’t miss this for the world.” Brooke smiled wide.  All bowed their heads and closed their eyes for the last sermon this church would hear…

Day 1645
Scarlet Rose

	Melanie didn’t sleep throughout the night.  As midnight struck, her recalculated estimates were still shy an hour or two.  The undead were right on their doorstep with the first rays piercing over the mountains.  Tom rose from a cot in the adjacent room after catching up on twenty minutes of sleep or so.  The Brigadier General immediately walked into the more popular room, where a half dozen marines were awe-stricken looking at the monitor.
	“Report,” Tom ordered.
	Melanie gulped, “They’re less than an hour away.”
	Tom nodded as if he expected the undead to be within throwing distance.  He’d had a wary eye on the zombies’ advance over the last 36 hours and they were getting faster every day.  The undead still lacked the coordination to run, but their strides had increased and they were walking with incentive.  The confused, aimless stare was gone too, replaced with eyes more insidious and fangs hungrier than he’d ever experienced in four and a half years of the undead reign.
	Tom grabbed his walkie, “All personnel, the undead are on our doorstep.  Make final preparations and meet at Meadowlark in one hour.”
	Robert’s eyes peeled back from a peaceful sleep.  Now knowing that his life was soon at an end, a serenity overtook the uncertainty in his character.  His body was well rested, his senses were keen, and his dream was perfection.  Robert’s last dream, not a drop of blood or a tear shed.  Every face of every person he’d come to know, friend and foe, memories he once thought faded but saw last night with pureness and clarity unequaled.
	He rose from his bed slowly, and his eyes darted over to the assembled M200 Cheyenne Tactical Intervention rifle.  Rob slid his fingers across the cold metal. “When they’ve all gone, I’ll still be in good company.”
	Five minutes later, Robert stepped out of the dorm fully clothed and with an M4 slung over his shoulder.  He was allotted two full magazines, all the marines could spare without disarming themselves.  As he opened the door, Derek was waiting at the opposite wall. “Going somewhere?”
	“One last goodbye,” Robert signaled Derek to follow him, and the two quickly arrived at the chapel.
	Less than an hour later, Robert and Derek were praying inside the chapel, kneeling at the base of the cross.  Robert spoke softly, carefully choosing his words.  He was ignorant to the incessant pop of gunfire less than a quarter mile away.  Derek tried to remain calm, but couldn’t ignore that they were facing away from the undead piercing the camp as they prayed.  Robert paused, searching for a word.
	“Nicole.  You’ve guided the lost and condemned to solidarity and righteousness.  Never did you stray from the path of faith, never spoke an evil word.  I owe you my life.  Everyone owes you their life.  I ask only one more thing of you before we meet.  Watch over the others, help them escape a death in this forsaken land.  Show them the light to follow to a sunrise beyond tomorrow.”
	Tom flared up on the radio, “Whatever speech you’ve got going Bobby, wrap it up.” Tom stepped into the chapel with his rifle against his shoulder. “They’re knocking on the doors.”
	Derek turned around, his jaw dropping at the flood of ruby red eyes piercing the darkness.  Robert kept his mind on one thing, though the words did reverberate in his ears. “Deliver them from evil, my angel.  I love you…amen.” Robert rose to a stand.  The three quickly stepped out through the chapel windows shattered for years and never repaired.  The course put them directly on the grounds of the graveyard where wooden crosses spanned more than fifty feet.
	Robert was the last off those holy grounds, and turned back to see the undead trampling over the graves. “You won’t infect any of them,” Robert said under his breath.  He lit a match from a matchbook, turned the ember on the whole of flammable tips, and tossed the burning square of cardboard into the center of the graves.  In a split second, the fire spread to the edges of the graveyard.  Spare gasoline set the graveyard ablaze.  Though the flames may not have reached the bodies dug under the dirt, anything above the ground would be no more than ash by nightfall.
	Rob and Derek were the last of anyone on that side of camp.  Tom reached the convoy a good hundred feet ahead of the two and quickly went about organizing different teams in different humvees.  The civilians took care of themselves and had their seats planned ahead of time.  Still, nobody liked the idea of waiting for two stragglers.  In the distance, everyone could see the rising flames running up the chapel.  The fire was meant to spread and destroy the outpost, because if the living couldn’t have it, the living would not allow the dead to take it over.
	Robert and Derek broke through the crops, hearing the undead growling less than twenty feet behind.  The crowd focused eyes on the two silhouettes.  Robert patted Derek on the shoulder and both came to a stop.  Rob extended an arm to Derek, which Derek initially refused to shake.
	With the roar of gunfire invading everyone’s ability to listen, Robert had to yell. “I promised Savannah her family would get out of here and I can only do half the job, brother!  You get them off of this continent alive!  I’m giving you your head start!  After that, it’s all on you!”
	Derek chuckled to hide the sorrow. “You didn’t leave me an easy task!” He wrapped his hand around Robert’s.
	“You were destined to carry this torch from here!  Take a breath, the second lap is longer than the first!” Robert embraced Derek tightly and Derek returned the strength of his wrap.  Both knew full well this would be the last time.  From the RV, more than a dozen people could see the two hugging.  Brooke’s jaw fell to the floor and she scrambled out the door.  She was outside before Walter’s eyes crossed the cousins sharing their final embrace.
	When Derek started toward the convoy, Robert went an opposite direction up to the cabin. “What is he doing?” Zack asked.
	Brooke gasped, her feet carrying her forward at full speed. “Bobby, don’t do this!”
	Derek cut her off before she ran too far.  When Brooke tried to pass around him, Derek was left no choice but to wrap his hands around her body and pull her back. “This is his choice.  There’s nothing you can say or do that will change his mind.”
	Brooke sobbed aloud as Derek dragged her back, “Damn you, Robert!  Damn you!”
	Walter spotted Robert reentering the cabin.  He took a step toward the cabin in the hope he could take Rob out of this insanity.  Two steps further, Tom had a hand in his collar pulling him back, “You see where those zombies are, Bluth?” Walt did account for them already flooding around the program building less than fifty feet away.  They would consume the cabins before Walter got close. “If you try to go back for him, you both die.” Tom clenched his teeth.  This was just as sudden and disappointing to him, but he was the one who needed to be realistic given the scenario. “We need to leave now!”
	Walter bit his lip as Robert approached the far edge of the balcony to salute the convoy.  He heard the desperate furious cries of Brooke and many others condemning Robert’s decision.  But there was no time to change the circumstances.  That’s how Robert wanted it, so that nobody could keep him from doing what he always wanted and now believed necessary for everyone else’s survival.  Walt jumped into the passenger seat, “Hit the road, Myers.”
	Scott looked at him, the grief showing clearly in his eyes.  But then again, everybody did have to die sometime.  At least one out of the many got to choose how. “Yes, sir.”
	Robert detonated the charges beneath the stairwell, cutting off the only route of access to the cabin.  He took a step forward, where the stimuli froze to witness this moment.  In the beginning, just an occupation in the middle of nowhere.  The camp only became something more when he met Nicole.  His best and worst days drew by on these ground.  Cedar walkways, emerald rooftops, a beautiful landscape, a family, everything was coming into focus now.  His one true home would be his final resting place.  Robert wouldn’t want it any other way.
	Rob didn’t have a single emotion.  A deaf walk to the edge of the balcony.  He looked down where eyes laid upon the mass of undead walking on his doorstep.  A few dozen were stepping under the cabin.  With steel reinforced concrete pillars, the zombies could never bring it down.  Robert stepped back into the room and slid his fingers along the closest bunk he passed.
	He pulled the shades, setting up a perfect perch to shoot down on zombies from afar.  Jacob’s M200 Intervention had been repaired following the final siege of the outpost.  Now it leaned against a tripod adjacent to the window.  In all, the Major left behind 23 bullets fit for the sniper rifle.  Robert reminisced of the journey he shared with Jacob.  From the beginning when the marine was left no choice but to lose the daughter he loved, to the end where he killed the man Robert couldn’t.
	Rob took a seat on the nearest bed.  He was almost reluctant to collect his radio.  The time had come to part ways with every soul he survived with. “Everyone, this is Robert.  I’m calling to say goodbye.” Derek closed his eyes and fought back the tears as Robert started speaking. “I’m sorry it had to be this way, Brooke.  But I can’t live without her anymore.”
	Brooke took up the radio in her car, “I understand,” she stifled a sob. “It’s your choice, and there was nothing I could do to change your mind.  I’ll pray for you…” She cut herself off, sniffling in the back seat. “Goodbye, Robert.”
	“Zack?”
	Zack grabbed the radio from Walter when it was handed back to him. “Yeah, Bobby?”
	“You and Savannah take care of Abel.”
	Zack let a thin smile cover the grief he was feeling, “Say hi to Nikki for me…when you see her.”
	“Will do.” He paused, “Miguel, Ben, Terry, Joe.  You guys were more than just co-workers.  You made me want to come to work every day.  You were my brothers.  I’m gonna miss you guys.”
	Ben chuckled, “Yeah, we’ll miss you too.  Don’t do anything stupid, you hear?”
	“Yeah, I hear you.”
	Miguel could only think of one thing to say. “Give them your best, Sergeant.”
	Terry followed, “Kill those zombies, Bobby.  Make them wish they were never dead.”
	“I’ll do my best, Terry.” Robert smirked.  The older ones were used to losing friends and family.  He knew they were hurting but they had the experience to cover it up with faked enthusiasm. “Melanie.”
	Melanie wiped a tear from her cheek.  Mike glanced over and patted a hand on her shoulder while he drove.  She hit the call button, “Yes, Robert?”
	“I’ll talk to Daniel for you.”
	“Thank you.” She clenched her teeth and closed her eyes.
	Robert paused and bit his lip. “Walter.  I don’t think I need to say it, but if it wasn’t for you and your men we’d all be dead.  You saved them more times than I can count.”
	Walter sighed, “In the odd chance you go to hell, tell my men the drinks are on me.”
	“If I run into them, I’ll be sure to let them know.  Keep an eye on everyone for me.”
	Walter smiled, “I won’t let any of them come to harm.  The only way they’re going out is old age.”
	“Thank you.  The same goes for you and your marines, Tommy.”
	Tom smirked. “I’m not saying goodbye, Sergeant.  It’s only a matter of time until we run into each other again.”
	Robert paused and lowered his head.  Now came time for the worst.  Saying goodbye to the man he considered a brother. “Derek, I’m glad you were with me through it all.”
	Derek shook his head, “I’m glad you were there when I needed you, Bobby.  I wouldn’t be alive if it weren’t for you.”
	“And I would have given up if you weren’t there for me.  I need you to promise me something.”
	“Sure,” Derek bit his lip as he waited for the request.
	“Guide them where I can’t.  Save them from the storms to fall.  And remember, I’ll be keeping an eye on you to make sure you don’t cross that line again.”
	Derek sniffled, his teeth clenched, and his eyes squeezed shut.  He cleared his throat, “I can do that.  You take care of yourself, Bobby.”
	“Stay safe, brother…good luck.” He pulled the radio back, and switched it off before anyone could send another message.  Robert had gone this far, only relinquishing a single tear for the sorrow of leaving those behind.  But in a perplexing truth, it was rather a single tear for the soul he was destined to find once again.  Robert leaned back against the wall and carefully recited… “Our father who art in heaven…hallowed be thy name.  Thy kingdom come, thy will be done, on earth as it is in heaven.  Give us this day our daily bread, and forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive those who trespass against us.  And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil.  For thine is the kingdom, and the power, and the glory, for ever and ever…amen.”
	Leading the charge, Scott spun the wheel onto the 504 from the connecting road out of their emergency escape.  It didn’t take but a few seconds to see their actual obstacle.  The road was filled with hundreds of undead corpses searching for a living morsel to feast upon.  Walt took a deep breath, “You hear me, Mike?”
	“Affirmative.”
	“Blow the charges on my mark and brace yourselves for a bumpy ride.” Silence followed for several seconds while the column gained speed.  It wasn’t until they risked going off the road that Walt keyed up. “Hold speed, we’re only gonna get one shot to slip through this window.” Scott’s knuckles clenched white around the wheel.  Passengers of following vehicles didn’t hesitate to throw seatbelts on.  The distance to the neon marker closed to fifty feet. “Now!”
	Mike clamped his thumb down over the detonating pin.  Not a split second after he did so, the world went deathly silent around.  Plumes of thick dust obstructed the roadway, forcing the drivers to turn on their headlights.  As the light gleamed through, many were mesmerized by body parts ripping through the air.  A number of bodies were run over or thrown at the vehicles, but the convoy’s collective speed never slowed.  The road became harder to negotiate with the pandemonium going on outside.  A line of explosives planted on one side of the road and strung up for almost a miles.  It was their last card to play and they’d need every inch they could get.
	The journey along the edge of hell’s gates left everyone deaf to all sounds save their own thumping hearts and erratic breathing.  They were a half second behind the concussive blasts, their fingers crossed and some whispering prayers thinking these were the last moments of their lives.  The lead humvee broke through the last cloud of dust.  Immediately ahead, the crowd seemed to collect on the highway. “Pull right!” Walter screamed.  Scott spun the wheel, pulling the car onto a clear and level route through a part of the forest.  The second humvee pulled the right from behind, albeit somewhat unexpected.
	“Eyes up!” Mike called on the radio from the second truck back, “We are following an improvised route.”
	Scott drove carefully as he navigated both around the undead sporadically walking the forest and the thickening trees.  Walter had one hand on the ceiling and the other on the his belt. “We need a wide route.”
	“All due respect, sir,” Scott spoke through clenched teeth trying to concentrate. “Shut up right now.”
	Walter held his breath.  Scott navigated carefully with precise movements.  The tail end of the humvee came loose on dirt, but Scott quickly spun the wheel the opposite direction to keep it from losing control.  Straight ahead, the hill seemed to end suddenly and the truck went airborne for a split second.  Scott landed perfectly, a mile-marker on the highway reflecting clearly in his headlights.
	Scott clenched the wheel when he saw the only route.  The trees were clumped together everywhere, save for a felled log dangling partially elevated on the stump. “Hold on tight!” The humvee jolted forward in speed a moment before the truck hit wood.  Fortunately the fallen tree wasn’t too heavy and swung away when the momentum was shifted.  The truck lost a lot of speed in the hit, all of her occupants being thrust forward by the crash.  But the truck was still operating, and Scott quickly punched the gas.  He spun the wheel hard, fishtailing onto the highway.
	Walt let his breathing catch up to him before sending a message. “Lead humvee is clear.  Report in when you reach the road.” Within thirty seconds, the last car escaped the forest and the survivors were free of the undead army.  The road would be long, but it would be a journey well traveled. “Maybe this time we’ll find that vacation we’ve been looking for.” Walt leaned his head back contently.
	Robert stepped over to the M200 rifle Jacob left behind.  It took some time to repair, but Rob wouldn’t let such a beautiful and reputable weapon go to waste.  Robert spent a year fixing the damages caused by the helicopter crash and kept it handy for this very occasion.  Only time separated their peace in this remote forest from the virus that consumed all.  But Robert wasn’t one in those all.  He would fight until he was out of ammo, then finish it himself.  The only thing worse than death in his opinion, was infection.
	Rob slid his eye behind the scope, where red eyes flooded his vision. “Time to see what you’re made of, Ally.” His finger slightly squeezed the trigger.  A resounding, triumphant gunshot pierced the valley, blotting out the endless moans of undead in Rob’s ear for a moment.  Gunfire was freedom, and gunfire in the middle of a sea of zombies was Robert’s dedication to the survival of his race.  He would die tonight, but not before giving the virus a run for its money.  Just like he said he would long ago.
	Another bullet screamed across the meadow, impacting a zombie more than five hundred yards away with precision accuracy.  Robert raised the rifle, building the distance to target upwards of one thousand yards. “Enough games, let’s see why Jake loved this thing so much.” He loaded another shot into the barrel and sent a bullet at a zombie crossing the camp perimeter, a distance measuring thirteen hundred meters.  The bullet was a centimeter off target, maintaining the velocity and accuracy to shatter the skull of the monster. “I’m jealous I never got to use this thing before.” Rob scoffed.
	Bullet after bullet was released, taking down a single zombie with every shot, except in rare occasions where the bullet hit two heads.  As many zombies as there were, such a feat was simple to accomplish.  Not to mention it cut down on ammunition expenses which Robert didn’t have an abundant supply of.  A handful of .408 shells were left after Jacob’s passing.  And every single one found its use behind the eyes of another trained sharpshooter.
	Firing the Intervention was freeing to Robert.  He’d always been a sharpshooter and had gone through numerous different rifle systems, but this was the best.  The heroin of his lifestyle was topped off with a double-shot of steroids.  Even here, close to the end, a smile came to his face.
	And just like that, the feeling was over.  The final cartridge expelled from the rifle and a hollow ping echoed through the silent cabin.  Robert stepped out from behind the rifle.  His hand caressed the weapon from tip to stock. “The end was bound to come sooner or later, Jake.  I’m glad I could put her to rest like this.” He turned to the opposite wall, where an M4 carbine, a .22 long rifle, and an M9 Beretta laid on a bed.  Robert approached slowly.  He had all the time in the world here.
	He didn’t allow himself enough ammunition, not by a long shot.  The zombies here were immeasurable.  Nobody knew where they came from or how many, but it was obviously a populace large enough to fill a small city.  The survivors needed as many bullets as they could carry going back into the wild.  Robert was here to avert the undead eyes while the ones he loved got away.  This was meant to be his last step of the journey.  Robert slung the .22 over his back, thrust the pistol into his holster, and put his eye behind the M4’s iron sights.  He released a few shots through windows, but ultimately realized it would be easier to fire in the open.
	Stepping out onto the balcony, Robert was almost mesmerized in the scarlet plateau stretching as far as the distant treeline and receding plumes of dust on the service road.  Every bit of clearing was flooded with the undead and the amassed undead stare brought a malevolent light into the thick forest.  Robert lowered his rifle, staring in awe.  The conglomerate of monsters looking at him as nothing more than food…they used to be human.  This was once part of a normal, functioning society.  What were they now?
	Robert started to fire, picking his shots at closer targets in order to save ammo.  He was doomed but felt the incentive to take out as many as he could before his supply dried out.  Firing an automatic rifle didn’t help preserve ammunition and before Rob knew it, he was drawing his last magazine. “Come and get me!” Robert screamed at the top of his lungs, his emotions turning to anger at the sight of a mindless, yet constantly victorious foe.  He expunged every shot from the rifle without releasing the trigger.  A series of quiet clicks signaled the end of yet another weapon.
	Robert threw the M4 on the deck and changed to the long rifle.  Now, holding one of the original weapons the outpost chose to defend themselves, did he remember the sacrifice of many.  Carl and Nicole were the first to go, due to lax defenses and not enough priority for non-combatants.  Good people who didn’t deserve to go.  Alex, a victim of a faceless villain.  Chris and Audrey, the results of a war onset by this plague.  Kate, Daniel, Mitch…none of them deserved a fate so cruel.  And it was all because of this virus.
	Every shot fired became numb to his touch.  His eyes looked through the scope and made impact with a zombie’s forehead.  But his thoughts were elsewhere, picturing the faces of people who died years ago.  He could hardly remember what Nikki looked like after all this time, his only reminders in photographs.  He missed the sensation of her warmth.  He craved the softness of her touch.  The rifle ran dry.  Robert lowered it, looking on at the army amassing.  His part in this war was over.  He could smell the petroleum in the drums beneath him waiting to be lit.
	Robert walked back into the cabin.  Every step he took was hollow on the floor.  The sounds of the undead blurred from his hearing.  He closed his eyes, tilting his head forward as he stood there silently.  A moment of silence in honor of all the people he’d led and lost.  He only hoped they could forgive him for failing them.
	Rob took a seat in the bed he’d known for years.  There was a time when it wasn’t just him in this bed.  There was a time when three living souls shared those sheets.  Life was tragedy, Robert had grown accustomed to that fact.  He never thought it could strike him so deeply, though.  Robert reached for Nicole’s diary, a last memento she left behind long ago.  The pages were filled with colorful words, marking every single day until that cold February morning.  And after it, every page as clear as a cloudless sky.
	His fingers brushed the white sheets. “I’m sorry, Nikki.”
	“Why?” Her voice called from somewhere.
	A tear came to his eye, “It wasn’t supposed to be like this.”
	Her voice filled his ears, “Our destinies were set in stone before we took our first breaths.  There was nothing you could do to change anything.”
	“I was supposed to be a father.” Rob’s lip quivered.
	“You are a father.” She answered.  Robert looked around the dorm he’d shared with his love so long ago.  As he was setting the diary down, his eyes caught a glimmer in the vent shaft.  Sparked by curiosity, he leaned over and removed the grating.  At the bottom of the shaft, a letter caked in dust.  It took a moment to remove the thick grime covering the face of the letter, but Nicole’s signature remained clear as day.
	Robert ripped open the letter and pulled out the single piece of paper.  A tear of paper, the one missing from Nicole’s diary.  Something Rob noticed but never considered.  It was dated three days before her death.  Robert looked through the words, every letter piercing his heart.
	“Dear Robert.  I didn’t want it to come to this, but my destiny has been shown to me.  I am not long for this world.  My lord and savior has called me home.  I only pray that I can deliver our child before we part.  My faith will guide me, and I will guide you.  Through the darkest nights and the coldest winters, know this.  I leave you everything you need, foremost the love we’ve shared since we met.  Do not blame yourself when I’m gone, Bobby.  Remember I’m right here at your side and I will never leave.  
	“You are destined to lead these people, your family, to a future free of the fear and anger.  Do not dwell on our past when I’m gone.  There’s too much at stake for everyone.  The world we once took for granted is now a wasteland, but there remains beauty in the ripples of these nightmares.  Never lose your faith, don’t hope for death, and always cherish the people you care for.  I love you, Robert Caldwell.”
	Robert’s eyes started to tear.  But they weren’t tears of sorrow.  This was the message he’d been missing all this time.  He was mesmerized to know what he knew now.  Nicole never left him, she was right beside him through it all.  She would be here up until his final moments.  Robert clicked a remote, which in turn spilled a dozen oil drums around and inside the cabin.  Petroleum stank up the building in a heartbeat.
	Robert lit a match and stared at the ember for a moment while the fuel settled into every orifice inside the cabin. “My hand is in yours, Nicole.  Deliver me from evil.” He released the match from his grip.  It took ages for the flame to hit the pooling gasoline around his feet.  In the meantime, Robert reflected on every moment of his life in the outpost.  His eyes shut as the ember struck the accelerant.
	The fire spread rampantly, burning everything in sight.  Robert’s clothes were engulfed in the flames.  But he didn’t feel the pain.  He focused on the one thing that had kept him going through it all, his love for the one person he could never hold onto as a mortal being.  The flames consumed his entire person and Robert felt his last breath exhale.
	Robert’s eyes opened again, this time to a golden sky.  Raising his head over the grass in a meadow, he saw the same white beaches and crystalline oceans he’d been longing for.  Rob rose to a stand and inhaled a breath of calm.  Only the dead see the end of war.  Rob spun around to see a half dozen familiar faces looking back.  Rob need not search far to see the golden hair and deep blue eyes above a smile that gave him butterflies every time.  In her hands she coddled an infant.  Robert sprinted for her and wrapped her in his arms.  The touch was warm now.  He wasn’t imagining this any more.  This was Robert’s new beginning.

Year 11, Month 1, Day 7
White Sands

	There was something magical about the ocean.  Be it the rising tide, the salty air, or the vast blue that spanned thousands of miles, it brought peace to mind.  Truthfully the ocean was more alive than the land ever was and remained that way to this day.  More than a decade since the virus was released, and almost seven years since Robert gave his life.  His face was long since forgotten, but his memory was cherished and honored daily.  Derek rested on the sands of Oahu, a tropical juice in a glass at his side.  His hair was graying and his eyesight was blurring.  The curse of living a long, full life was growing old.  Derek would soon hate the day he’d start getting senile and forgetting everyday things.  Least he had some life left to live.
	Derek tried to imagine another day at the outpost.  The camp was probably burned to ashes long ago, taking with it the undead who brought it to its knees.  Regardless that it stood the test of time for more than four years, such a place was never meant to survive indefinitely.  The woods of Arizona were the vaguest of memories now, and he hadn’t seen the mainland since the outpost was abandoned.  But then again, he could only grip so many memories before the others became distorted or lost.
	Everything on the Hawaiian islands was a complete turnaround from the life he struggled to live on the land.  What American government officials that still remained were among the first to take shelter here.  A third of the US Navy was ported in or around Pearl Harbor, giving the survivors peace of mind that homeland security was once again present.  And a vaster look at the world could be made.
	While the plague took more than a year to reach the continent of Eurasia, the devastation was near the same as it was in the states.  Out of more than a hundred countries, only Russia, China, and Australia maintained structure and order by this stage of the pandemic.  Little more than a tenth of the world’s population was left to start over.  A fear of the undead subsided from many weary minds, though.  The surviving nations were on or near the ocean at all times, as the zombie’s one flaw was their inability to swim or climb.  A resurgence of the plague hadn’t been seen by any surviving faction in more than two years, and if it were to happen the chaos could be easily avoided.
	Derek took another sip of his drink while his eyes crossed a familiar ship.  The Navy was glad to reclaim another cruiser when the outpost reached the harbor.  The survivors were glad to be accepted without question or hostility.  While Derek always thought of vacationing here and never could in a time when money mattered, he didn’t ever expect to inhabit this island.  But in hindsight, Derek wondered why he didn’t come here a long time ago.  If such were the case, maybe he never would have seen any of those horrors.  Maybe Quinn would still be alive…maybe Robert.
	Derek shook his head just thinking of having a different past.  He knew every second of every day was the purpose he had been given.  Derek was bestowed the honor to fight alongside good men and women to save the people he loved.  A journey that never seemed to end with heartache woven through every twist and turn.  If he took a different path, he never would have had the chance to share the stories of people he knew and loved.
	The unconditional love of Robert and Nicole.  The interesting dialogue and humorous antics of Carl, Alex, and Mitch.  The repeated jokes from Daniel about his short-lived pacifism and his surgeon’s hand.  Jacob’s endless jarhead talk, fearless demeanor, stench of tobacco smoke, and cocky attitude.  His former boss Chris and his daughter Audrey, the camaraderie they shared for years since losing their wife and mother.  Katherine, the love Derek hoped could stay with him forever.  And he hadn’t started thinking about the soldiers who selflessly gave their lives so that others may live.  Victor, Lexie, Farad, Chad, Luke, the names and ranks stretched miles.  A memorial was created aboard the Mobile Bay, honoring almost twenty names left behind from the lives they lived.  The soldiers were remembered by dog tags while the others were left mementos like pictures, crosses, or apparel.
	While Thomas and many of his marines quickly chose to stay enlisted for the better of the community, Walter hung up his rifle as soon as he found peace.  There was no more killing that needed to be done.  Now that they could rest easy, wake up, and sleep soundly in bed every night, Walter among a few other soldiers found their retirement sooner than they believed possible.  Besides, Walt had lost enough people to know when the time came to give up the gun for a life of peace.  He now gave back to the community as a teacher.  The perks of such an employment could never be better.
	Thomas Rayburn didn’t take long to reclaim his throne as one of the highest officers in the US military to this date.  Either he loved the job, or wasn’t willing to hand the torch to another.  There was too much responsibility even now.  He continued to serve, and for the first time since enlistment found himself serving his people and not his government.  Tom walked the flight deck of the USS Ronald Reagan with a cigar in his hand.  There was something he was always missing since retaking the outpost: a marine of his caliber.  But there was something else he’d been missing since the beginning.
	Tom took a stiff drag from the cigar before dropping to a knee at the edge of the deck. “Eleven years to the day since we parted, Maryellen.  I wish you could have been here today.” He inhaled the fresh air around the harbor.  No voice answered his call, and he knew why. “Take care of Annabelle up there in heaven.  And I’ll keep doing what I do best.” He finished puffing on the cigar and threw it overboard before returning to the deckhouse.
	Everyone seemed to find their niche in this new world.  Zack and Savannah found a place to live and raise their child right by the beach.  Abel was getting older every day, it wouldn’t be long until he turned ten.  It was some of the most responsible parenting Derek had seen, and one he was jealous he couldn’t give his son and daughter.  While Derek at first disliked the idea of bringing new life into an undead world, finding a sanctuary like this made such a thing possible.
	Life sustained itself in more ways than some could imagine.  Michael chose Melanie over returning to the front, and they recently announced they had a child on the way.  Sandra and Kendall didn’t stop after bringing Nicolette into the world.  Once the islands of Hawaii were deemed safe, they realized they could start a family here and not fear the outside world.  Two years after settling here, they brought a baby boy into the world and christened him Robert in honor of the man who’s actions saved them all.
	Terrence and Ben were getting older, but still kept that spark and sense of humor handy.  Both chose retirement and found themselves getting a healthy portion of social security income they thought would be denied when the virus attacked.  Strange how the market for American money plummeted when the major population could no longer spend it.  An inconvenient irony for the two senior citizens.  At least they had their stories to tell.
	Derek laid down in the sand as the sun peeked out from a single cloud in the sky.  His skin felt the warmth it gave off.  There were no nightmares keeping Derek from a peaceful sleep, no moans of walkers, none of the rotting flesh on a bipedal silhouette.  He almost forgot the undead were out there.  His thoughts were interrupted when he heard a young girl’s voice. “Grandpa.” Derek spun his head to see a nine year old girl and five year old boy running down the beach toward him.
	Derek smiled and rose to a stand.  He embraced the two children in his arms. “Bobby, Nikki,” Derek crouched to their height, “what brings you here?”
	Nicolette may very well have been reincarnated from the soul she was named after, as she kept the same positive mind about everything.  Could have just been the innocence of childhood, but Derek felt better to think of it as something more. “We’re going to see the dolphins,” she answered. “Bobby’s never seen them before.”
	Derek looked beyond the kids, where he spotted Sandra and Kendall walking parallel with their hands wrapped around each other. “These yours?” Derek joked.  He rose to a stand as they came closer.
	Sandra embraced her father tightly, “I’m so grateful you’re here.”
	“Where else would I be?”
	“If you weren’t, I know your heart would be.”
	“There could have been a lot more with us if things had gone different.”
	“You know they’re in a better place.”
	Derek reflected on the distant memory, where his life ended briefly and he found himself trapped in the dungeons of a horrifying afterlife. “I like to think they are.  But some souls aren’t just enough, for the promised land.”
	Sandra sighed, “Are the nightmares coming back?”
	Derek shook his head, “My dreams have been quiet.  If there was one gift Robert gave me in death, he keeps my mind from wandering into dark corners.”
	Kendall folded his arms, “I hate to bear bad news, Derek.  The Navy’s radar systems are picking up signs of the undead.  It seems, a month from now we could lose Hawaii.”
	“Then we’ll find a new home.” Derek smiled. “There’s no reason we should fear the undead.  As much as you try to think otherwise, they’re the same as us.  We’re all just trying to survive.”
	“Where will we go?” Sandra asked, hiding the worry from her children.
	Derek smiled, looking up at the cloudless sky. “I get the feeling the wind is going to push us in the right direction.” Derek outstretched a hand, which Sandra took in her own. “Let’s show Robert the dolphins.”



