



Outpost Seven 
Prophecy





































Day 276
The Rains of April

	The humid warmth of an April day slept Robert Caldwell through a peaceful aftermath.  Hours before they had fended off dozens of attackers, only one of the outpost had fallen.  Robert and Victor didn’t see eye to eye on much, but they were still one and the same.  Soldiers pitted together against an alliance of evil men.  Now he had proven his worth by giving his life in support of their cause…to survive.  Robert was grateful Victor paid the price rather than another innocent be taken. 
	Desperate prayers to ward off the undead were met with success.  This little valley, far from the world’s knowledge, beamed as midday’s light crept upon his eyes.  Robert slid his vision open, a hand held above to block the blinding rays.  He rose to a seat, taking in the time to feel his surroundings.  Nothing ran afoul, his hearing was clean.  He’d taken a nap immediately after the strike while most others were quick to repair the damages.  A few yards shy of him, Katie was picking up corn cobs felled during the engagement.
	He rose to a stand, "Kate?"
	She spun her head to lock eyes with him, “Where’d you come from?”
	“A dream,” Robert smirked. “You seen Derek?” 
	She turned her head away. “He’s angry about something.” 
	“What is it?” 
	“He wouldn’t say…he locked himself in the crow’s nest.” She turned her head back to the dining hall across the fields. 
	Something didn’t feel right in the back of his mind. “What did he do with Eric?” 
	“Eric’s gone,” she shuddered as her memory struck, “Derek killed him.  It wasn’t a pretty sight.” He put his first step north. “He’s talking with Jacob right now.” 
	“About what?” 
	Katie leaned in, “That kid Jake questioned.  From what I heard, he got the location of their base.” 
	Robert dropped into a sprint across the field.  If his predictions were right, he hated to think Derek was ready to start a war.  In ninety seconds he was inside, footfalls clambered up the stairway.  The voices of both crept in his ears as he neared the door.  His hand twisted the knob to find it still locked from the outside. “Derek!” He yelled through the steel door, the base of his clenched fist banging heavily. 
	A short moment of silence was soon interrupted by Jacob’s peer through an opening crack. “Bobby,” Jake opened the door swiftly, “come in.” 
	Robert stepped through the door.  Moments through, he felt a breeze and the twist of a lock. “Why the secrecy?” His spine tingled. 
	From the corner Derek turned away from the sight of the chapel. “Only the few need to know.”
	“About what?”
	Jacob stopped beside him. “Elliot gave us their hideout.  It’s in Woods Canyon.” 
	“What does that have to do with us?” Robert felt his suspicions were worse than he anticipated. 
	“We need to set the record straight,” Derek took a step toward him. “This is the third time they attacked us.” 
	“Our plan was meant for survival, Derek.” 
	“That’s true now more than ever.  If we don’t make them stop, it’s only going to get worse.  It’s time we went on the offensive.”
	Robert shifted his eyes to Jacob. “What’s your call?”
	Jacob nodded. “Hate to tell you Bobby, but I have to agree.  Just because Eric’s dead doesn’t mean it’s over.  The road is yet long.”
	“I’m not going anywhere,” Robert stood his ground. “My deal is settled, my purpose is to endure with these people.  I didn’t want to become a killer again.” 
	“We crossed that line a long time ago.” Derek replied.
	"The objective is simple.  We wait for them to come to us.” 
	“Another one of us is dead because of that mission.” Derek shot back. 
	Rob slid his jaw in frustration.  There was no way to change Derek’s mind.  Something in his eyes was different than a few hours ago.  Something changed about him. “What did Eric say to you?” 
	The elder turned his head. “Nothing I didn’t need to hear.”
	Robert stepped closer, “There’s something not right about you.”
	“Take a look at the world, Bobby.  How could I be ‘right’ now?”
	“Going out to kill people is a lot different than letting them come to us.” 
	“I know,” Derek stamped his foot. “It shows that we’re willing to do anything--” 
	“But I’m not!” Robert growled, “And I know you aren't either!  I’m trying to keep people alive.  How many of us are you taking?” 
	“I told you,” Jacob replied, “we haven’t involved anyone yet.  I’m going to see if Gibbs’ squad will, considering they just lost one of their own.” 
	“Use their rage to your advantage,” Robert guessed. “Cute.” 
	Derek took a step toward him. “What’s wrong with you?  I thought you’d be all for this.” 
	The room grew deathly silent.  Robert turned his head to face Jacob. “I need to speak with Derek alone.” Without a word, the marine left their company. “You thought I’d be all for this?  Why?” 
	Derek titled his head, almost confused. “Nicole.” 
	“She’d never want this.  It’s the same reason I didn’t kill Eric.  You judge too soon.” 
	“If I remember correctly, you’re the one who wanted to kill off a bunch of gunmen at a gas station.  You think you aren’t cold blooded, yet you fired the first shot.” 
	“That first shot,” Robert yelled within inches of Derek, “is the reason you’re still alive!  Don’t pretend to assume anything.” He looked up and down Derek’s frame. “You do what you want, get yourself killed if it makes you feel better.  It’ll be your own damn fault.” 
	“The marine is with me, Rob.  That counts for something--” 
	Shaking his head, “Jacob spent more than half of his life in a war zone.  Of course he’s with you.”
	“We have a goal in this operation: leave a mark so they don’t attack us again.  This is to ensure our survival.” Robert started toward the door.  He didn’t want to hear another word. “Nicole wanted us to be safe…she’d want us to do what’s necessary.” 
	Fuel shot down his legs with the speed of lightning.  The sniper turned his body around, drawn into a full sprint across an eight foot gap.  Derek hadn’t been expecting Robert to react so intensely.  Before he knew how to respond, Derek was shoved against the wall.  Robert drew his pistol while his cousin was embracing the first impact.  He warned through clenched teeth, “Nicole would never wish death upon anyone.  Don’t say her name again.”
	Derek shoved him off. “Next time you point a pistol at me, you’d better be prepared to pull the trigger.” 
	Robert lowered his aim. “You’re a damn fool.  When this kills another of us, the fault will be yours.” He walked toward the door.
	Derek bit his tongue. “I’m sorry about Nicole.  What I said…I was wrong.” 
	Robert turned his head. “You’re not the same person I knew this morning.  Something snapped in that feeble little mind of yours.  Be it from the stress of everything that happened, you aren’t the same.  I hoped you wouldn’t cross that line again.  I promise you when I tell you this: fighting the enemy on their territory will not save any of us.  We're all in danger, regardless.  But you're going to put heads out in the open."
	The door opened to bring Jacob back inside once Rob had deserted their company. “What was that about?” The marine asked. 
	The gaze of Derek turned back to face the chapel.  He rubbed a bruise on his waist. “Just another roadblock.” 
	“I understand Rob isn’t interested.  What do you say?” 
	Derek shook his head. “He doesn’t run the show,” ignoring Robert’s warnings. “I have the same seniority.  We go tonight.” 
	Nodding in response, “We need to get a look at their base.  Both of us approach by bikes, use the night to our aid.  I’ll ask Lexie to spare some of her men.”
	At the moment, Robert was working to avoid their volunteering altogether.  He cut Lexie off at the chapel.  Their crew of three, along with a dozen supporters, had finished a ceremony in honor of Victor.  Shortly out the door, she was surprised to see his face so red. “Bobby?” Lexie asked. “You look--” 
	“I need to talk to you and your men,” he interrupted.
	She nodded, “Fall in!” Her tone demanded authority.  She took seniority following her commanding officer’s death.  Both gladly accepted upon hearing their names.  Robert led the three across a short gap.  Inside the adjacent craft house he was last in, shutting the door behind. “What’s going on?” 
	Robert nodded. “Jacob determined the enemy stronghold in Woods Canyon.” 
	“Where’s that?”
	“Ten to twenty miles away from here.  The location doesn’t matter.  Derek and Jacob seem convinced a retaliatory strike is necessary to end this war.”
	Lexie shrugged. “Given the conditions they’re probably right.”
	“Damn it,” Rob removed his hat to comb his hair back. “It doesn’t matter that they’re right strategically.  They intend to make you part of their counter-strike.  But I don’t want to see any more of your soldiers die.”
	Wayne took a step forward. “Be it as is,” he sighed. “I want payback.  Vic was my boy, I wouldn't feel right sitting this one out.”
	Watching him leave the building to find Jacob at the dining hall, Robert growled and clenched his teeth.  His eyes turned to see both Lexie and Farad talking. “Don’t tell me you want to do this, too.”
	Lexie shook her head. “Truthfully, I'm furious.  I wouldn't hesitate to put my life on the line.  But Powell didn't send me here for that.  It's my job not to let emotion cloud my decisions.” Farad nodded his agreement to stand by her side.
	"You'll stay?" Robert asked.
	Lexie nodded, "We've got more than enough to worry about here."
	Through the door, both Jacob and Derek were surprised to hear Wayne calling their names without hesitation.  The sniper removed himself from upstairs.  As they met on the ground, Jake felt urgency in the summoning voice. “What is it?” Jacob asked. 
	“Robert told me what you guys are planning.” 
	“Hold on, Wayne.  You’ve got the---” 
	Wayne cut him off, “I’m in.” 
	Jacob stopped in place. “Hmm, that was easier than I thought.  I expected you to be trying to talk us out of this like Robert.” 
	“Bobby tried to talk us out of it.  But I’ve got blood on my mind.”
	Not long after Derek revealed himself, Jacob was glad to spread news of their first recruit. “Before we launch an assault, Derek and I are going out to check their defenses.  We don’t know what kind of numbers will be there or how many civilians will be among them.”
	Derek didn’t care for the lives of noncombatants of an opposing force.  Everyone was fair game. “How many people has Rob told?” 
	“As far as I know,” Wayne answered, “just my squad…why?” 
	“We don’t feel many people should know about this strike.  Some would see it barbaric to strike back.  Plus we don’t want to put any noble bullet sponges on the board."
	Derek tilted his head. “How many would we need?” 
	“Between four and six,” Jacob replied. “Use the night for cover, we’ve got enough silencers for a full squad.  Anything under fifty we can handle.” 
	“Fifty?” Derek believed the number more than generous. 
	“Element of surprise, stealth, and coordination are on our side now,” Jacob solidified. “That’s why I wanted to ask the rest of your troop.” 
	Wayne spun his head back. “I dunno.  If Gibbs or Farad wanted in, they wouldn’t have been far behind.” 
	The two developers exchanged a short glance. “What about Mitch?” Derek considered. 
	“He’s a candidate.” 
	“So are Joe and Chris,” Derek threw out. “They’ve been getting better on the range.” 
	“Target practice, Derek,” waving his finger. “You think either of them have killed before?” 
	Derek sighed. “They’ve all been through hell with us.  They’ve shot at men before.  Trust me, I wouldn’t doubt if any of them are ready to avenge Carl and Nikki.  I’ll talk to Chris, you ask the others.” 
	Twelve minutes later, Robert and Zack were alone inside one of the Hilltop cabins.  Zack was still trying to understand Robert’s misconception. “They’re right,” Zack was even fooled into belief of an offensive as the best defense. “We hit them hard, they’ll back off.” 
	“It doesn’t matter,” Robert looked through the window. “Travis doesn’t ever stop.  Travis doesn’t back off.  Nobody can control him but himself.  Regardless of how we react, he’s going to find us.  And he won’t come without an army," Rob hesitated, "That army is the only reason he hasn't run into us yet.” 
	“You think they’d come back again?” Zack asked.
	Rob nodded. “What we’ve faced so far is a fraction of the militia.  This is the only thing Greer has wanted for years.  Jack gave him my name,” he envisioned the fateful night where she was lost.  The echo of the gunshot rang clearer than daylight. “That’s all he needed.  To know I survived the plague, so he could come for me.” 
	“So,” Zack licked his lips. “Travis is gonna come looking for us now?” 
	“When it happens, we need to be prepared.  You think thirty guns is a lot of people?  Try a hundred, coming in from all angles.” 
	Zack’s heart sunk, “They’ll tear us to pieces.  What can we do?” 
	Robert didn’t know what to say.  He knew what to say, yet lacked courage enough to say it. “Nothing.” His eyes shifted out the door. “Right now, Derek’s talking with Jacob about a response.  They want to inflict damage, but they’re putting everyone on the line.  We’re going to need all the shooters we have when it happens.” 
	Finding himself in agreement, Zack nodded. “I won’t go.” 
	The opposite conversation found itself bearing to the names of Mitch, Chris, and Joe alike.  Before anyone had the privilege to request, Mitch was gladly volunteering.  Joe and Chris were somewhat speculate on their decisions, but subconscious coercion pushed them onto the team.  The six person squad regrouped in the same vent unit where the plan was being discussed. 
	A map of the surrounding forest hung loose by a few strips of duct tape on a far wall. “We’re all here,” Jacob began, “because we’re ready to go on offense.  We’re ready to hit back, harder than they hit us.  A surprise attack would hinder their numbers and resources, forcing them into a standstill.” His words bore true to him. “You might see it as wrong, but I see it our only option to end this war.” 
	Mitch took a glance around. “I see Bobby isn’t here with us.” 
	Taking a deep breath, “Robert doesn’t believe this is a viable option.  He doesn’t think our actions will change any factor to Travis’ militia.”
	Derek continued where Jacob left off. “Tonight, Jake and I are going to examine their security parameters.  Afterwards, we’ll form a strategy and attack tomorrow night.” 
	“What kind of damage could the six of us do?” Chris asked. 
	“You’d be surprised what six people can do,” Mitch knew from experience. 
	Hours later, it seemed, Robert had quietly approached a dozen others and warned them of the situation.  As the sun set on the horizon, Robert and Derek first laid eyes upon another.  Their look was different than usual.  A simple twist of fate put them on opposing sides.  Robert’s fury had pressed a loaded gun to his own family.  The severance had begun. 
	Derek extended his arm to Robert.  The other didn’t alter his view’s dagger pierce into Derek’s eyes.  No handshake was accepted between them. “I’ll see you tomorrow, Bobby.” 
	“Pray that you do,” Robert turned.  He’d seen Derek off, given him his wishes and pleas, and now they’d get to find out.  Escaping the arena by stepping into the chapel, Robert turned his eyes across to see Nicole’s pendant hung on the cross.  He sighed. “What can I do, Nikki?” His voice didn’t merit a response, nor did he want one from anyone but his lost love.  However, no beauty shone on their circumstance.  He was alone, as he would be for the rest of his life. 
	By the gate, Jacob had taken a seat on his own dirt bike.  He’d been there for several hours into the fading night.  As soon as darkness consumed entirely, Derek came across him. “You ready?” The marine asked with a cigarette between his lips.  He fitted a silencer to the M9 Beretta belonging to Victor only a dozen or so hours ago.  Derek nodded his head in silence.  As one, they drove through the half-repaired front gate and disappeared into the darkness with only their headlights to guide. 

Day 277
Keeping Secrets

 	Just past midnight, Derek slowed his bike to a stop.  They’d gone down nearly every service road in the Woods Canyon area.  Jacob wasn’t far behind.  Both engines slowed to an idle before Derek turned his off. “This doesn’t feel promising.” 
	Jacob lit up a cigarette after shutting down his own bike. “Does it ever?” 
	“I guess not,” Derek smirked. 
	“There’s plenty of places we haven’t looked.  Like the lakes, for instance.  This road leads to one of them, right?” 
	“Yeah.” 
	The marine nodded. “Best bet would be near a water reservoir.” At that moment, their silence was interrupted by several truck engines.  In the distance, a glimmer of light started to brighten around a bend. “Shit,” Jacob clicked his headlight off. “Get off the road,” Both removed their bikes as well as themselves from the roadside.  Just before light beams of three ATVs shredded over the dirt road. 
	Both gave each other a fearful glance.  Soon enough it was overcome by gratitude and faint grins. “That was too close,” Derek chuckled. 
	“Almost soiled my pants.” They looked down the road as taillights disappeared through the brush. “Now we’ve got a lead.” 
	Derek walked up beside a road post marker.  Checking it with his flashlight, “Bear is less than a mile away.” 
	The other threw his satchel around. “Can’t risk going in any further on a bike.  They’ll hear us coming.” He slid a sound suppressor over his Intervention rifle system.  On Derek’s back, an M4 carbine hung loose with its own silencer secured to the barrel. “We’ll stay adjacent to the road, hide the bikes here.” 
	The duo hid their vehicles away from the road under the cover of felled pine needles and branches.  Satisfied with their efforts, the two had no trouble donning their ghillie suits in the dark.  It had become second nature with the living stature Outpost Seven had developed.  Strangely enough, Jacob didn’t feel any bit weary even after one of his arteries was clipped by a stray bullet.  He was making Robert look bad. 
	Through the forest’s night, Jacob was more than prepared to traverse uneven ground.  Derek was less coordinated and fell on his face a number of times.  They had to maintain silence and stealth, and to do so required not a flash of light to aid their path.  A half mile on the terrain managed in about fifteen minutes.  By that time both hoped they’d be able to see their foes’ hidden quarters. 
	As the two dropped into a crawl, they could hear the multiple voices and distantly make out silhouettes in the dark.  Flashlights soon pierced glimpses of artificial fluorescence to the black surroundings.  Multiple teams traversed the uneven forest, however vastly spread out across the terrain.  The nearest squad of four made a sudden shift in their direction.  No quickened pace, yet a crash course felt imminent. 
	Jacob froze in place when a light ran across his ghillie hat.  His rifle being masked similarly to him in foliage and brush allowed none to notice a streamline barrel sticking out of the ground.  But he could tell they were pressing their luck.  A few feet away, Derek’s weapon was set to ignite.  All he needed to hear was the first shot go off and all hell would break loose. 
	Four pairs of footsteps slowed to a stop within a few feet of their locale.  Both kept their breath steady despite pounding hearts and raised hairs.  The company didn’t appear amused in any way by the hidden soldiers within breathing distance.  Their interest spawned an unrelated conversation.
	Their own silence made up for the loud, ignorant voices of their enemies.  Calm befell the hidden enough that they could breathe easy.  Soon enough, the contingent facing them would be out of their sight.  Three minutes after stopping up close, the four decided to walk back the direction they came from.  Slack sentry patrols, Jacob discerned.
	Derek released a sigh. “They’re getting close.” 
	There were far too many patrols throughout the woods to effectively sneak by twice. “I know,” Jacob answered.  He couldn’t help but think of their escape in the present.  Because, chances were, they’d get shot at before they’d even gotten a good look inside.  Through the brush, at least a dozen more flashlights were combing the surroundings.  They had a lot more guards than either realized. “This might not be such a good idea,” Jacob hated to be turning back now of all times.  But he wasn’t the kind to risk suicide for minimal gain. 
	“What do you mean?” Derek lifted himself to a knee. 
	“The two of us aren’t going to get in much closer without being spotted.” 
	Derek scoffed and rose to his feet. “Fine,” he took a first step. “You watch my back from here.  I’m gonna see what we’re up against.” 
	Not wishing to start a verbal fight behind enemy lines, Jacob’s retort was simple. “Good luck.” The blackened figure started through the black.  Things weren’t going according to plan…but there wasn’t really any plan to begin with. 
	Five hundred feet closer, Derek successfully evaded three sets of similar guard patrols without incident.  Clear of the guard posts, he raised a monocular toward the several fires placed in a nearby camp.  Through the lens he spotted dozens of tents large enough to fix six people.  Stacks of rifles and ammo boxes were the first to cross his vision.  Counting the numbers of armed guns, at one time he could reach more than thirty soldiers. 
	Something distracted his vision, though.  Among the shooters he could see multiple civilians.  Children and women were inside their ranks.  He shook the thought from his mind.  By now he could see the majority of the headquarters was populated with noncombatants.  This was a variable change…but whoever was on the wrong side of his gun no longer mattered.  The trauma of so much stress to a wounded soul brought forth a demon nobody expected.  A monster without morals or a sense of guilt...soulless.
	Derek growled in frustration seeing a possibly hindrance to their counter-strike.  He wouldn’t inform anyone of his witness.  What needed to be seen, had.  A little more than fifty guns counting outlying sentries.  Carefully, he navigated his way back around the guards.
	“Like the view?” The marine asked sarcastically. 
	Derek outstretched an arm to lift his partner back up.  They returned to the bikes before Derek felt safe enough to speak clearly. “I counted a little more than fifty shooters.” 
	Jacob nodded before he removed his vehicle from camouflage. “We can handle that.  Did you see any civilians among them?” 
	“No,” Derek lied immediately. “I’m surprised they didn’t attack us in full force.” 
	Without another word, the two sped away.  Early morning, they arrived at the gates.  Jacob stepped off his bike just inside.  Not far behind, Derek was already on his way to a warm bed. “I’ll see you in a couple of hours.” 
	“You gonna get some sleep?” asked Jacob. 
	Nodding, “I want to be focused when we attack.” 
	Robert had been eagerly awaiting their return.  The two crossed paths at the chapel. “How was your date?” Rob shot at Derek. 
	The other sighed. “It was fine.” 
	Something didn’t seem right about his character. “Why are you lying to me?” 
	Derek’s gaze drew to pure hatred. “You should know,” he continued his journey. “I’m without a son or daughter because of this virus.” 
	Though he wanted to pursue an itching sense Robert cut himself short of a response.  Derek was in suffering, he could see that through the façade being administered.  But what could he say to convince Derek this was a mistake?  It seemed Derek was right where Robert had become the wrong…the thorn in his side. 
	Hours in passing brought minimal peace to Derek’s mind.  Being woke by Wayne didn’t improve the situation. “Derek?” After three knocks on his door. 
	“Yes,” Derek answered, though not before wiping a smudge from his eye. 
	“It’s almost noon,” Wayne answered through the door. “Jacob requested I come looking for you.” 
	Realizing his sleep had pushed him half way through the day, Derek felt all fatigue dissipate instantly.  It was all about the job now, and everyone was looking to him for a firsthand account.  They’d need it if they wanted to survive. “Gimme a minute,” Derek lifted himself from the bed. 
	Rather than continue to debate in secret above the dining hall where people frequented often, Jacob found a secluded storeroom at Cedar Ridge to formulate their plans.  The location had been marked on a map by a red thumbtack, a white indicator placed a mile south of that location. “This white tack,” he pointed “is where we’ll have to move in on foot.  Believe it or not, the forest can carry sound quite a distance.” 
	“We believe it,” Chris nodded.  Beside him, Mitch was also in silent agreement. 
	“What kind of numbers did you see out there?” The latter asked. 
	Jacob spotted two figures approaching through the woods. “Derek reported a little more than fifty shooters altogether.” 
	A silent feeling of worry spread through their hearts. “More than fifty?” Joe put his fear in words. 
	Derek stepped through the threshold only a second after Wayne.  Inside he was greeted by four pairs of eyes. “What’s up?” he asked.  Jacob alluded to Derek taking his turn.  A moment passed with him clearing his throat before he addressed their squad. “I was able to get a close-up look.  They have tents set up, and a ton of small arms.  Patrols encircle their base up to a quarter mile out.  So if we want to avoid getting shot in the back, we’ll have to handle those groups as they come.” 
	Jacob continued. “Fix silencers and come in slow.  When we reach the area of operations, we’ll pick off stragglers out of view until they realize they’re being attacked.  Hopefully by then, we’ll have made a sufficient dent in their troops.” 
	“What if they’re expecting us?” Chris asked next. 
	From a few feet away, Derek drew a deep sigh. “They weren’t expecting either of us last night.  Nobody fired a shot, nobody died.  But we confirmed their use of radio transmissions to patrols.  As soon as we take out the first squad, we’re on a timetable.” 
	Jacob’s view averted to Chris. “Have you talked to Audrey about this?” Derek shot the marine a crude look which went unnoticed. 
	“No.”
	“Don’t you think you should?” 
	Chris scoffed. “Why?  I tell her I’m off to kill people, she won’t take kindly to that.  I’d rather just tell her when I get back.” 
	“There’s a chance you might not get back…same chance any one of us might not.” 
	Shaking his head. “When did Bobby show up?” Derek asked sardonically.  The two exchanged a look both of irritation and necessity. 
	“Fine,” Jacob spoke. “We’ll meet at the front gate tonight.  Say whatever you may to friends or family…or don’t.” He felt envious.  No blood relations waited to hear back from him. “I would if I still had the chance.”
	To off put stress, Robert had journey into the wilderness alone.  Rather than take a fully loaded weapon, food, and water, his only resource was a knife.  The same knife found in the chapel following Nicole’s death.  Not a drop of blood stained the steel, presuming she never had the chance to inflict damage to her killer.  He’d found a secluded part of the forest, a small clearing where he could stare into the slowly passing clouds above. 
	“What can I do?” No answer rang in his ears. As he intended, alone.  Who could answer his problem beyond the reality.  Spirituality and religion may have inspired and enlightened people to incredible lengths, but divine intervention wasn't a gamble anyone could bet on.  The beauty looking back down at him reached only so far.  Her spirit didn’t bear a face or significant marks of any kind, but he knew she was there. 
	Back at camp Lexie had been waiting for the squad’s meeting to break up.  She’d eavesdropped on more than enough to confirm they were going tonight.  Jacob was the last out, the one she desperately needed to speak to. “Jake?” 
	The marine spun about, a half-lit cigarette in his mouth. “What’s up?” 
	“How bad is it going to be?” 
	“Hopefully not near as bad as I’ve been led to assume.  Derek said there were a little more than fifty shooters.”
	“What are you doing to do with the noncombatants?” 
	“Derek confirmed to me no civilians were present.” 
	Lexie was confused. “If that’s true…why would they send less than half of their force to strike us?”
	Jacob shrugged blatantly. “You’re telling me.  Probably the same reason they didn’t use tactics with this follow-up: they didn’t think logically.” 
	Hours passed in silence.  The few who knew about this operation had been tight lipped about everything.  Their hope was to be back before the approaching morning.  As the clock ticked past 8:30, Chris peeked through the cracked door.  Across the slim line of invasive light Audrey slept on her bed.  Her father grinned, happy to see her resting easy.  The fear had drained away following Eric’s death.  One good thing brought about by this attack, was that none of her friends died this time.
	Chris pushed the door open a scant bit more.  Just enough to squeeze in.  He didn’t wish to wake her.  Looking over her, he pressed his lips to her cheek. “I love you.” The girl’s lips spun a faint smile.  He started for the door, leaving her eyes to drift open moments after his departure. 
	Mitch approached the program room where Wayne was sleeping with his rucksack as a pillow. “It’s time,” he said after peeking his head through the door. 
	“Then let’s go,” he rose to his feet mid-response. 
	The three others in their squad waited silently in the dining hall.  There were no words to be exchanged.  Everything would be said during the drive to their party.  As Chris stepped into the squad, Jacob greeted him with a shake of the hand. “Good to see you.” 
	Chris smirked. “Why wouldn’t I show up after I committed?” 
	“Did you talk to Audrey?” Jake whispered.  Chris considered the question for a moment, and silently nodded.  The four turned to see the last members of their squad on a slow approach. 
	Derek checked his pistol to make sure it was loaded.  He probably wouldn’t use it, but a sidekick was always for the better.  Satisfied, he settled it back in its holster.  Moments later, Mitch gestured a tip of his head.  Derek gave everyone a look. “We locked and loaded?” One-by-one, they all showed loaded weapons to Derek and Jacob.  However, another variable crossed their paths.  Robert stepped through the doorway only a few paces behind the last two. “What are you doing here?” 
	“I can’t see you off?” Rob shot back instantly. 
	Derek eased his tense voice. “You and your pride.” 
	“This has nothing to do with pride, Derek.  I’m saying goodbye, because I’m sure one of you won’t make it back.” 
	Jacob chuckled. “We’re trying to stay in a positive mind, Bobby.” 
	“We’re all set,” Derek confirmed. “Let’s get going.” 
	Passing Robert last, Chris patted the young man on the shoulder. “It’ll be fine.” 
	Not a word in reply.  Not until the door had closed behind them. “I keep trying to tell myself that.” 
	Through the windows, he watched as the six men piled into the large framed Ford Excursion.  Earlier that day, it’s shot out tires had been replaced by those of the Sierra work truck.  Robert let a sigh pass.  He had failed to prevent this strike from occurring.  Taillights disappeared among the brush.  Alone, there was no reason to stay.  Yet he lingered longer than fifteen minutes. 
	Stepping through the threshold to go to bed, Robert had an immediate problem facing him directly.  Audrey had also seen the vehicle depart.  And since her father got in, she wanted to know why. “Where are they going?” 
	No lie came to his mind.  None that served to resound realism. “They went to collect some supplies from in town.” 
	Audrey tilted her head. “Don’t lie, Rob, you’re horrible at it.  I saw them all loaded up with guns.” 
	“That’s a given these days.  The zombies could be anywhere.” 
	She clenched her teeth. “Robert,” sternly, “stop bluffing.  There’s no reason they’d do something in the middle of the night that they couldn’t do in daylight.” 
	Robert sighed deeply.  Chris didn’t talk to Audrey about his intentions.  He left her to wonder through the night, although no one predicted she’d wake up that night. “They’re on their way out to--” 
	“Rob,” Terrence called over the radio, interrupting their talk. 
	“Yeah,” he was more than happy to have another obstruction in their conversation. 
	“I told Elliot what’s happening tonight and he started freaking out.” 
	Audrey was confused. “What’s happening tonight?” 
	“What’s wrong with him?” Robert ignored her question. 
	“He tells me his mother and younger brother live in the same camp.” 
	The deception became known.  Derek fooled five others into striking civilians and blatantly acknowledged none to their presence. “What?” 
	Terrence replied almost instantly. “Yeah.  Half the people out there are just trying to survive in the wild.” 
	Audrey burst in, “Rob!” she yelled. “What’s happening tonight?” 
	“Derek lied to me,” He started for his truck.  The time was spinning against them. “Terry, Ben.  I might need some help.” 
	“I’m on the way to the amphitheatre,” Ben spoke.  A split second after, Terrence was soon to report the same. 
	Robert lifted himself into the Silverado.  To his dismay, Audrey didn’t back off.  She took the passenger seat. “Rob!” 
	They exchanged eye contact briefly while Robert turned the engine over. “We found where Eric’s camp is.  Derek wanted to pay them back for hitting us.” 
	“What does my father have to do with that?” 
	“They needed a sufficient force to strike.  Your father agreed to go with them.” He raced across camp until reaching the driveway to the amphitheatre.  Moments after the two retired veterans jumped in the back, Robert spun the wheel.  His truck cruised over the uneven ground before making it back to blacktop.  He didn’t regard any speed limit.  Derek had twenty or even thirty miles ahead.  For all he knew, they were already shooting up the camp. ‘Why didn’t he tell me?’ The question couldn’t get out of his head. 
	Robert sped through the gate, his speedometer topping thirty five before they were out of the gate.  He didn’t have an answer for Audrey.  Why Chris refused to inform his daughter was one of the few questions not on his mind.  Why did Derek confirm only the presence of gunmen in the enemy’s ranks?  What the hell had Derek become?

Day 278
Severance

	A scan of their surroundings proved deserted.  Derek slowed the Ford SUV to an idle several yards off the beaten trail.  Removing himself from the driver’s seat, the reality of an imminent strike brought his heart to quicken.  It’d been less than 24 hours since Derek last occupied this area.  He took a few steps more into the dark while the other five passengers left the comfort of their seats. 
	Jacob tried to adapt his vision for night, but the emitted light inside the cab didn’t aid.  He was first to circle back for their equipment.  Opening the door, “Everyone here?” The words brought some to smirk.  Jacob’s question was entirely serious.  Being somewhere physically wasn’t the same as being there mentally.  Considering their reasons for coming here, Jacob needed everyone on a level head. 
	Derek removed his rifle from the rear storage compartment.  His suppressor remained attached throughout.  He clicked his safety off. “Everyone know what to do?” 
	Chris chuckled, “Shoot the bad guys, right?” 
	Jacob smirked. “Stay focused.  We need to stay covert as long as possible.” 
	Mitch secured a measure of stealth to his own weapon. “Let’s do this.” 
	The six man squad took their footing.  On course, they traversed fifty feet from the road for the duration of a half mile walk.  Before anyone knew it, the first sentry patrol was on a collision course.  All six hid among the trees, as no vegetative suits disguised their presence this time. 
	A light glimmered only centimeters from Jacob.  The marine gave both Wayne and Mitch his attention. “Four man patrol, five meters,” he reported. “Take the two on the left.  Derek and I will drop the others.” Both confirmed his gesture with no signs of worry.  Across the ten foot gap, they could hear a radio transmission.  One of their four enemies replied everything to be fine. “On my three,” he whispered. 
	The marine paced one and two with decent separation so his hand could encircle the fore-grip on three.  He swiftly dipped his head as a sign to go.  Each swung out of hiding enough to fire accurately.  Down a little more than fifteen feet, the gunshots registered.  In the blink of an eye, eight silenced bullets hit their targets.  All were relieved to hear no hair-trigger response, instead their ears greeted by the thuds of four bodies hitting the ground. 
	“Move up,” Derek said.  He led their path to the fallen gunmen.  Close examination of each signaled no life in any of the marks. “We might have five minutes before these guys are missed.” 
	The distant conversation of another patrol fifty yards away didn’t offer much relief.  Jacob pointed them out, “Three more to the west.” He shook it off.  If they wanted to end this opposing group it would require them traversing the road. “Let’s get eyes on the camp.” 
	Derek and Jacob led their unit in silence.  In another sixty seconds, they were overlooking their foes’ place of residence.  Derek rolled on his back. “You ready?” 
	Jake nodded. “I was born ready,” he slung the sniper rifle back over.  Through his scope, eyes didn’t greet any but those carrying a weapon. “You were right,” he turned away only a moment before a young child ran by. “Damn lucky they didn’t bring the cavalry.” 
	A gap of a hundred feet separated them from the nearest target. “We need to get closer,” he faced the other four. “Jake’s gonna lay down sniper fire.  Everyone, on me.” Derek lifted himself to a stand.  Mitch was only a step behind. 
	The same gap narrowed to twenty feet within the same minute.  All five discerned their new position to be partly illuminated.  Ambient lighting from numerous campfires outstretched beyond the tree-line.  Chris pressed his back to a tree. “This close enough for you?” 
	Derek’s nod was missed by those who weren’t staring directly at him. “You got my back?” He directed the question to Wayne.  It resulted in a silent thumbs-up. “Mitch, Chris, and Joe stay here.  Wayne and I are going in.” Butt stock against his shoulder, Derek took the lead. 
	“Derek,” Jacob spoke over his earpiece. “I’ve spotted two men approaching you from the tents.” 
	He and Wayne, who had traveled another ten feet inward, propped against an empty truck.  A split second after their attempt to evade discovery, lights flashed just outside of their way.  Derek gave Wayne a look. “You got the one on the left?” The Corporal confirmed his inquiry eagerly.
	Both pushed off the vehicle.  Their bodies were offered only momentarily to the gleam of flashlights.  Though their foes could make out rifles aimed at them, neither had the agility to raise their own weapons.  Two perfect shots dropped another two hostiles, jumping the kill count to six. 
	Jacob’s piercing view never deterred far from the two soldiers pushing into the enemy camp.  Derek’s intent was to strike from the inside and confuse the enemy.  Such an idea may have worked, had a third patrol of two gunmen not stumbled across Jacob.  The marine heard footfalls to his right.  As the first light illuminated Jacob’s clothing, his response was instant.  A knife ripped from his vest sheath was thrown like a Frisbee with full force. 
	As the dagger impaled one, the other had his weapon raised to engage.  His first shot was inaccurate, it’s journey stopping an inch from Jacob’s head and buried into the dirt.  Jake’s bulky sniper rifle wouldn’t allow time or accuracy at such close range.  He had to draw his reserve .357 Blackbird revolver. 
	Where the first shot of an AK registered as defensive to the encampment, the following explosion of a revolver convinced all of a different matter.  Two incomparable calibers going off in such quick succession meant an exchange of gunfire.  The jig was up.  All of the attacking unit heard the shot, not to mention the entire opposing camp.  Before anyone could register the recent turn of events, their foes had built into an uproar.  Derek’s view disrupted for a moment, allowing a gunman the chance. 
	A bullet fired into Derek’s shoulder.  His weapon fell by the instant sear of pain.  Not far behind his body instinctively dropped to evade the line of fire.  As another pull of the trigger sent a judging bullet, Wayne answered the silent and horrifying moment.  In result, the projectile that otherwise would have killed Derek instead put a hole in the ground beside him. 
	Immediately following his defensive act, Jacob took his rifle back.  Through the scope he sent his first round.  Its target fell limp on the floor in the blink of an eye.  A dozen riflemen were still positioning themselves at the camp edge.  None had a vague idea of the exchange’s location through the veil of black.  However, their response didn’t go silent.  Bullets from eight different guns threw tracers into the nothingness.
	Chris was the next to answer.  His silenced fire could only do so much, though.  The direction of his targets’ fall upon death gave the defense a rough origin of the shooter.  Five pairs of eyes shifted to find three silhouettes among the forest.  Before all could be silenced, the outsiders had been discovered by the mass. 
	Wayne helped Derek into a nearby tent despite the raging war only a few meters away.  The latter grimaced while his partner examined the lethality of his wound. “No arterial spray,” Wayne reported to the injured Derek. 
	A bandage was pressed over the entry wound. “Shit,” Derek growled as another burst of pain swelled. 
	“The bullet went out the other side,” he secured the bandage over Derek’s wound. “Must have been a small caliber.  You’ll be fine.” 
	“Good,” Derek spotted an AK47, magazine fed and idling to fire.  After sliding the bolt, Derek led them through the exit. ‘Stifle the pain until it’s over.’ After all, he was the one to admit the presence of only gunmen on the opposing side.  His thirst for vengeance wouldn’t settle from Eric’s death.  Derek wanted to teach their enemies a lesson. 
	From the highway, Robert’s fury could do little more than match that of his cousin.  By a simple lie, Derek had convinced them to fight.  His words would lead to the loss of innocent life. “Damn you,” he swore silently. 
	In the passenger seat, Audrey braced around a soft corner.  The asphalt of maintained pavement was soon replaced by a dirt floor.  A moment of traction was lost beneath the wheels. “What was my dad thinking?” 
	No point in hiding the fact any longer. “He was looking for payback.  They’re all being misled by Derek.”
	“Why?”
	“He’s pissed off about something,” Robert couldn’t be sure yet, but the foreboding mindset in the back of his head was screaming for him to accept it.  As much as he tried to deny it, that monster Derek defeated by hanging up the bottle somehow found a way to crawl back to the surface without its vice.
	“Do you think they’re okay?” 
	“Anyone’s guess.  But right now, I’m more concerned about the women and children he’s going to kill.” 
	“He’s willing to kill innocent people?” Audrey replied in question. “How are you going to stop him?” Robert didn’t know how to answer the question.  Should it come to measure, Rob would do whatever was necessary to save lives. 
	By this time, the five person unit had pushed further in.  Derek peeked his head around a tent only long enough to spot raised weapons.  Dropping back and falling, both he and Chris heard fabric tear.  Just above a line of holes perforated the tent. 
	Less than fifty feet ahead Derek spotted multiple sets of headlights and a lot of movement occur at once.  Focused on the activity, he soon realized several vehicles were departing the combat zone.  Little did anyone know, the same cars were filled with people desperately trying to escape their deaths. “Jake!” Derek yelled loud enough to be heard over the muzzle blasts. “They’re trying to make a run for it.” 
	Jacob rose to a stand.  His own scope laid eyes upon their retreating enemies. “I got ‘em!” He sprinted through the cluster of woods.  In the back of the Excursion, one disposable rocket system was waiting for purpose.  None understood, Jacob least of all, that it’s purpose would be to slaughter inhumanely. 
	The marine returned to the storage compartment.  Closing in fast, the sounds of revving engines would soon pass him up entirely.  A glance a few meters across to the road left him the signs of their fast approach.  Jacob removed the cylinder almost four feet in length from its case.  It weighed in a little under fifteen pounds, which was stable enough for the soldier’s preference.  Five feet shy of the roadway, his vision locked on an RV leading the pack of departing. 
	Adjusting the optic, Jacob slid his eye behind the recticle and released the rocket.  Strangely enough, the launcher offered minimal recoil.  However the resulting back-blast lit up his position brighter than the fourth of July.  And barely blinking their eyes by the sudden burst of light, they opened to see impact with the leading target. 
	The fin-stabilized warhead tore clean through one of the walls of the RV before detonation.  In chain reaction by the proximity of the blast, a secondary detonation was ignited by the fuel tank.  What once had been a forty-foot recreational vehicle, now lied as two severed pieces of melting glass and metal.  The pursuing vehicles slowed to a stop.  More than five men removed themselves from the convoy and instantly depleted fire where the back-blast occurred.  However, Jacob had ditched the empty canister and withdrew several meters further into the brush. 
	Passing the next bend, Robert could hear the distant sounds of gunshots. “We’re close,” he informed her. “When I say, get down and stay there until I say otherwise.” She nodded without a word.  In the back, Terrence and Ben weren’t strangers to the sounds of war either.  To ensure preparedness, both had weapons set to fire.  Through the trees in an approaching bend, Robert could see the road ahead was engulfed in flames.  Beyond the flames, there was no visible route to pass. Time was speeding against them faster than ever. 
	A stray shot blew through the front and rear window.  Audrey ducked before Robert could send her the order.  Instinctively, his own head was dropped beneath the dashboard to avoid being shot himself.  No route befell his eyes save for a bad omen.  The severed RV laid in a flaming heap, though a narrow gap did bring him a margin.  Ben peeked his head around. “Guess we’re driving through hell’s gates,” he said with a smirk. 
	Robert put his foot on the accelerator. “Hold onto something.  This might get rough.” The Silverado was no stranger to collisions, though the grille had already taken its beating in the Show Low raid.  His teeth clenched and eyes closed. 
	From behind a tree, Jacob peeked his head out.  The truck’s colors and frame matched Rob’s. “What the hell are you doing here?” The truck skidded through the molten mess with little more than a few scratches and dings to the side.
	Following the sudden retreat of the majority of the camp, less than five gunmen stayed to fight.  Two had been disarmed by Mitch and Wayne.  The other three remained to fight valiantly.  And for the first time did the others become aware of their doings.  Mitch took a step forward.  Dead on the ground, a boy of fifteen laid with several gunshots to his chest. “What did we do?” 
	Derek removed an even younger boy from one of the tents.  His hand clutched the SIG Sauer.  He heard what Mitch had said moments prior. “I told you…we’re making a statement.” He kicked the boy’s legs out.  The child of nine shuddered as the barrel of a gun pressed against the back of his head.
	Chris took a step forward. “Derek!  What are you doing?” 
	“Isn’t it obvious?” Derek’s voice grew cold as it did authoritative. “These bastards murdered our people without discretion.  It’s my job to return the favor.”
	"Put the gun down!" Mitch yelled.  Derek shot him an indifferent look, but the pistol held its position.
	“I can’t be a part of this.” Chris turned and started to walk away.  He stopped abruptly. “You said there were none but soldiers out here!  I killed a mother!” The shock ran deep through his blood.  The pain of betrayal was even worse to weather. 
	“You don’t have to be a part of this,” Derek said. “Nobody needs to know.” 
	“But we’ll know,” Mitch took a step forward. “Why?” He couldn’t wrap his mind around Derek’s vicious intent. “Why did you lie to us?” 
	“Because if I didn’t, I knew everyone would opt out.  And I wasn’t about to kill everyone by myself.” 
	Mitch threw his weapon to the floor.  Two detained gunmen on their knees and under the care of Wayne spotted it fall only a few feet shy. “Don’t ever ask me for a favor again.” Mitch stomped toward the dark forest. 
	Chris couldn’t stop looking.  Everything they thought they knew about an alleged friend was proven to be more evil than their enemy.  No words could express the remorse of himself ending a life.  Derek pulled the hammer of his pistol back. “Derek, wait!” Chris took a step forward. “It doesn’t have to be like this.  We’ve made our mark.” 
	“I’ll decide when we’ve made our mark.” His pull of the trigger was interrupted as a flash of headlights crossed through the tents.  All lifted their weapons, save the prisoner guard who kept a sturdy focus on both unarmed gunmen. 
	Through the gates, Robert shifted the truck into park while speeding forward at over thirty miles an hour.  As the wheels locked and skidded the Chevy to a halt, Rob expertly stepped out of his car with a weapon drawn.  Three lowered their arms, but Derek easily determined his own head at the end of Robert’s iron sights. “Derek!” Robert yelled, slowly taking a few steps forward until illuminated by the burning fires’ light. 
	“What brought you out here, Bobby?” 
	Robert growled, “I heard what you were up to!”
	Chris shot him a second glance.  However, Derek was more worried to have a weapon trained on him.  His focus never shifted. “This is what’s necessary.” 
	Robert pulled back the hammer, “I won’t let you do this!” 
	“You think you run the show, but you can’t understand the basics of war!  If we want to stay alive, this needs to be done!”
	“This isn’t you,” Rob tried, yet he couldn’t lower his pistol.  The line had been crossed. “You aren’t an evil person.” 
	“Are you so sure of that?” 
	Robert shook his head. “What happened to you?” No response, though Derek felt his teeth clenching under the weight. “What the hell happened to you?” Rob screamed the question.  He wanted an answer. 
	“I lost my son,” Derek spoke it himself for the first time.  The pressure of its impact blew a hole in his heart. “I lost everything!  Because of a virus that you failed to destroy!” Most of them were taken off guard by the statement.  Where was Robert in a position to destroy the virus?
	“They killed Nikki.  You know I loved her.” 
	“But you couldn’t kill Eric, the same one who brought about her death!” 
	“We both saw her killer die.  I repaid my dues, so have you.” 
	"You haven't repaid anything!  Millions dead, just because you didn't make sure!"
	"I had a bullet in my lung, you said so yourself!  I was in no position to change anything!" Robert bit his lip, "All I managed to do was slow it down."
	"It wasn't enough."
	Robert clenched his teeth, "This won't make up for it in any way!  This is unforgivable."
	His eyelids thinned, “Maybe I’m not asking for forgiveness,” Derek lowered his aim back to the child’s temple.  Robert closed his left eye upon first movement.  There’d be no talking Derek out of his cruel beliefs.  The point of no return had to be crossed.  He pulled the trigger. 
	Derek’s dropped to a knee as the gunshot seared in his thigh.  Upon seeing the broken skin and a small trail of red, Derek shook his head. “How bizarre,” he struggled back to a stand on his weakened leg. “You’d put a bullet in your own flesh and blood before them?” Their brotherhood had broken.  A simple action done to preserve life would forever scar their relationship. “Fine.” Derek dropped his pistol to the ground. 
	In a moment of desperation, one of the gunmen dove for the M4 carbine lying free on the deck.  Wayne took a split second’s glance away to see Derek drop his pistol.  This moment of slack would cost them dearly.  In Chris’ peripheral, he was able to witness the shooter grasp the weapon in his hands. 
	Newly armed, the child’s father turned his weapon to face Derek.  The wild card who had put his son on his knees needed to suffer for such an action.  If the kid wasn’t comatose, he’d be traumatized for life.  He felt his loose grip tighten and the trigger pull back. 
	Chris took a single step to propel him forward.  His intent was to push them both out of the way.  However momentum didn’t transfer well from him to Derek.  As a result, the gunshot impacted his own chest.  Barely hitting the ground, both Robert and Derek turned their weapons to the source of gunfire.  Four gunshots peppered the hostile soul.  For a brief moment, nobody noticed the sacrifice Chris made. 
	Still sitting in the passenger seat, Audrey saw her father’s heroic action.  She sprinted from the car.  On the ground, Chris looked into the starry night.  His fingers felt cold.  Breathing was hard, due to the bullet’s entry in his lung.  Without proper and immediate care, there was no hope of his survival.  Even worse, nobody brought the equipment necessary. 
	Audrey dropped at her father’s side before anyone else. “Daddy!” She screamed, her hands around his neck. 
	Chris slowed his breathing. “I’ll be fine,” he managed to lie to her. 
	Audrey didn’t buy it.  Her face streamed with rivers of agony.  From above, Robert looked at the gruesome scene, then back up to Derek.  The other had been staring blindly, a wicked look in his eyes. “You did this,” Derek spoke under his breath.  Across the gap, Robert could put word to mouth.  He shot a look of matched rage. 
	The girl of seventeen cried deeply over her slowly fading father. “You can’t do this to me!” 
	“Don’t be afraid, baby,” Chris said.  He coughed up a few drops of blood, staining his shirt. 
	Jacob alongside Mitch took the first step back into the campsite.  From a distance, they spotted Chris’ uniform on the ground.  And beside it, a young lady mourning incessantly. “Fuck,” Jacob turned away before sparking a cigarette. 
	“Why did we do this?”
	The marine shook his head. “Don’t ask me.  I thought we could trust Derek.  Looks like we were wrong.” 
	Chris took one of Audrey’s hands.  His vision started to fade.  By the intent to save a life, his own would end this night.  Carefully, he raised his other hand and pointed to Robert. “Take care of her.”
	Rob dropped to a knee at Chris’ side.  He was finding it hard to stay composed.  Sure, Chris may have been their boss ten months ago.  But he was in the same boat from the beginning.  His purpose would end after Derek’s immoral decisions put a wound in everyone’s sense of morality. “I’ll do that,” he said with a nod.  One of his hands patted Chris on the shoulder. 
	“Please, dad,” Audrey’s sorrow made her words near unintelligible. “You have to fight.” 
	“I love you, Audrey.  I’ll be watching over you, I promise.” His eyes no longer had strength to stay open.  He closed them, signifying the death of one more from their ranks.  His daughter couldn’t help but bawl.  Chris had decided to be part of the counter-strike.  He was the one who paid the ultimate price…and to save the one who brought about the slaughter of innocence.

Day 293
Broken Skin

	Midday ticked by with silence to fill the cracks of wounds.  Another of their tribe fell two weeks prior.  What remained of his daughter was little but a shell.  Robert could relate the feel of losing a loved one.  Both his parents died of a plane crash.  The suddenness hit him hard enough to resign all aforementioned plans and join the Army. 
	Audrey looked from the patio.  She preferred the silence to others speaking.  Her father had been her life.  From day one, he was at her side through thick and thin.  Now, the fateful determination and self-sacrifice he made left an incurable disease in her mind.  She would have cried, but the will to even convey emotions evaporated within three days.  She walked aimlessly, blind and deaf to the world around her…because her world was dead. 
	From the roadside, Miguel looked helplessly at her.  How could he help her to heal.  There was no talking to her, for she didn’t answer.  She didn’t eat or sleep for days.  Her mental health became an issue, forcing Daniel to sedate her on certain days.  Audrey brushed her dirty hair.  Her appearance didn’t matter any more than much else. 
	Miguel started his walk to her.  From five feet away, he stopped to wave. “Audrey?” She didn’t respond.  He took a few steps up the flight of stairs.  She stared into the cloudless sky with no remorse. “Audrey, if you ever need anything…I’m here for you.” No response came. “Please.” He took a stand in front of her. 
	“What?” Audrey finally asked. 
	“I like you.  And I see you hurting.” 
	“I’m not hurting,” Audrey lied.  The longer she denied it, the more true it felt. “I’m surviving.” 
	“That doesn’t mean anything.  I want to help you.” 
	“How can you help me?” Audrey’s voice drew hoarse. “My father is dead.” She rose to her feet and walked toward the front door. 
	“Audrey, just--” the door slammed shut in front of his face.  There was nothing more he could do. Miguel sighed deeply, “I care about you, more than you’ll ever know.”
	Inside the door, Audrey was soon confronted once more.  This time, Brooke sat on a set of stairs facing the door. “That was…rude.” 
	“This is private property,” Audrey shot back.  She started for her room. 
	Before the girl could disappear from any others’ view, Brooke cut her off.  Her arm against the wall barricaded the teen from going any farther. “Audrey,” her captain’s voice jumped an octave. “You can put up the show if you want.  But what’s it going to do for you?” 
	“I’ll get through this myself,” Audrey started away.  Brooke grasped her shoulder. “Get off of me!” Audrey screamed as she slapped away Brooke’s hand. “You don’t own me!  You don’t know me!” 
	Brooke released her grip after a moment froze the teen in place. “I don’t know you?  My brother was killed for his car and his wallet when I was twelve.  I know what it feels like to lose someone close.  I didn’t want to cry…so I started to hate his killer.” 
	“They ever find the guy?” 
	“He was shot and killed when they found the vehicle.  I learned then, that the pain doesn’t get better because someone paid the consequence.  You need to open yourself up to us.  Shutting us out will kill you on the inside.  I do know you because I know myself.” 
	“I told you I’m fine.” 
	Brooke shook her head. “I don’t believe you.  Just talk to somebody.  It’s better to let it out than hold it in.  And remember, everyone loves you just like they loved your dad.” 
	“My dad?  Nobody liked my dad.” 
	“Maybe not while he was everyone’s boss.  But the last year has changed everyone here.  He was a brave man.” 
	“He was unlucky…and stupid.  That bullet was meant for Derek.  My dad saved a murderer.” 
	Brooke clenched her teeth. “We’ve all been misled at some point in our life.  Derek is only human.” 
	“No,” Audrey shook her head, a sardonic grin crossing her face for the first time in more than a week. “Derek is nothing like us.” She stomped from the room, none of her depression healed by spoken word. 
	At the same moment, Derek peeked his head through the door.  A number of heads, least of all the traumatized Mitch sent him a shallow stare.  The siege was heard by all ears upon news of Chris’ death, and the results enraged several.  All but one of the operatives that night regretted their choice.  Even more, they regretted putting faith in Derek without understanding his morals or capabilities. 
	His focus wasn’t directed on the five others inside the building.  He had a single person on his mind.  Derek shook off the disgusted look of Mitch before reaching Katie’s side.  At the moment, her view was distracted while she folded her clothes. “Hey,” Derek wrapped one of his arms around her.  She shot him an indifferent look.  But when he reached in to kiss, she turned her head away. “What’s wrong?” 
	Katie sighed deeply. “I’m afraid,” 
	“What’s there to be afraid of?” 
	She hesitated. “You,” she couldn’t keep her eyes locked to his. 
	Derek pulled away. “What do you mean?” 
	She led him outside and closed the door behind. “Don’t take it the wrong way, Derek.  I love you.  But I love the person you used to be, not who you are now.” 
	Shaking his head. “I’m still the same guy--” 
	“No, you’re not.  The Derek I knew wouldn’t kill children.” 
	A single tear was welling in his eye. “I don’t know what I was thinking.  I lost control.  Killing Eric wasn’t enough.  I wanted revenge.” 
	Katie pushed herself loose of his grip. “Did you get it?” 
	Derek dipped his head. “I did what I did because I believed it was the only way to stop them.” 
	“It’s not just you,” Katie sighed. “It’s this place.  Everyone’s dying around us.  I don’t want to stay close if either of us dies.  It isn’t worth the heartache.” 
	“Please, Kate.  Splitting up isn’t worth my heartache.  I love you.” 
	“I’m sorry,” she regretted her decision as well.  The tragedy in her eyes couldn’t say otherwise. “I don’t.” Derek was left wordless as the door shut behind her.  He dropped to his knees, fingers clutching the hairs on his head and ripping them out.  His loss of morality had made him worse than a sinner.  Nobody wanted to speak to him…was this how he’d define his survival? 
	Far from the camp’s view, both Robert and Jacob had taken back out to the wild.  They’d been having a dry spell with the flora and fauna.  Little to no wildlife still existed in the area.  Perhaps the animals discovered human existence and moved away to avoid contact.  A wolf was the first four-legged mammal Robert saw in more than three months.  And it’d probably the last he would see in three more. 
	Jacob dropped to a knee.  They’d been trekking miles away from any existence.  Robert wanted to get away.  With the remnants of a death in their wake, Robert couldn’t find himself in cooperation with Derek.  Their bond was broken by Chris’ death, Derek believing Robert’s intervention caused such drastic fallout.  They hadn’t spoken a word to each other, and more often refused to even acknowledge the other’s presence. 
	Robert fell onto his back.  They were out of the way of anything.  No trail could be discerned among the brush.  Solitude from hell, yet still trapped inside. “Why the marines?” 
	Jacob chuckled. “I’ve been waiting for someone to ask.  My answer is simple: history.” 
	“History?” 
	“The Marines have been here from the beginning.  The first to fight.” 
	“Other branches need more body armor?" 
	The question birthed a laugh. “Far from it,” a spur of war memories brought a thin grin to his face. “I almost miss the fight,” 
	“Not much fight to go around lately.” 
	“I not saying I don’t mind the silence.”
	Robert took a sip from his canteen.  Into the blue sky Robert peered.  A chance to relax, to not be needed at all.  He missed days like these. “You know where we’re at?” 
	Jacob pondered his photo memory.  He wasn’t so familiar with this area, but the entirety of their journey had followed a compass north. “Five miles out.  I don’t hear shit.” Their desolation from any other living creature alarmed him. 
	“It is too quiet,” Robert returned his view parallel.  Their surroundings didn’t spawn but glimpses of nature’s breeze in the forest.  Robert shot his stare from every vantage point.  In a clearing in the dense forest, there wasn’t much in terms of a vantage. 
	Jacob determined an anomaly behind Rob’s head. “Look,” he tilted his head.  Robert rose to a stand.  Two hundred feet away, a small patch of neon red. “What is that?” 
	“Let’s check it out,” Robert injected the first bullet to his chamber.  Instinct to lock and load was second nature.  When in doubt, turn the safety off.  He led the two through weaves of tree trunks.  However their pace slowed as they reached fifty feet of the crimson patch. 
	Taking a crouch a few meters away from a rotting corpse on the floor, Jacob grunted. “Nasty,” through the rotten flesh a clear bullet carving had been placed between his brow. “It’s a headshot.” These days, gunshot wounds to the head were less likely from execution-style murders and more likely from killing zombies. 
	Robert peeked his head around a nearby trunk.  Their neon target was a large tent, sufficient to handle six people.  But what gave it away was the bright, attractive color.  Further along their route, flies encircled the gruesome remains of more than thirty bodies on the floor.  Ignoring the smell, Rob walked through what was once a war zone.  Among the piles of undead, five weapons of various makes and models laid on the floor, along with hundreds of shell casings.  Submachine guns, for the most part. “They never stood a chance, not with these weapons.  Ran out of ammo in minutes."
	“Shame,” Jacob peered into the tent. “Could have used the extra manpower.” Inside, he was startled to see four zombies circled around a devoured corpse.  Whoever the morsel may have been was beyond recognition.  The mutilation it received made such a feat impossible, to the point where not even a gender could be specified. “Damn,” he patted his heart for a moment.  The sudden movement caught one set of golden eyes.  Slowly it found solid footing and stumbled toward the edge of the tent. 
	Robert heard the first of four stumbles outside.  Just as quickly his peripheral found Jacob drawing his weapon. “Wait,” Robert drew his M9 Beretta. “Put that away,” 
	“Come on,” Jacob shrugged, “What are you trying to do to my zombie count?” 
	“Don’t worry, there’s four of them.” The two started to walk at a steady pace of two steps per second.  A zombie’s weakness lied in the muscle.  Where human biology repaired the tears of daily muscle stress, a zombie had no biology at all.  Thus, the speed originally seen of infected hosts had almost faded from existence, leaving them to stumble and walk under a half step per second. 
	“You better not be playing me,” Jacob was serious with his count.  Wasn’t much in term of sport or gambling these days.  Unfortunately the NFL died about the same time as satellite television. 
	Jacob took a glance back.  Beside him, Robert fitted a suppressor over his weapon. “We should try to be a little more discreet.  Who knows how many more of them may be out here.” He was regarding a previous account where dozens of undead spiraled upwards of a hundred in minutes. 
	“This is good.” 
	Robert nodded.  It was actually quite comical, considering the few zombies did little to no harm as slow as they walked and with so few numbers.  He handed over the pistol. “What would you say, twenty feet?” 
	“Almost.” He pulled the trigger once.  The first fell dead on the floor. “That’s about twenty-one.” Handing back the weapon. 
	Robert smirked before he took three large steps back. “I’ll raise you twenty-five.” He pulled the trigger.  His mark dropped with a hole in his head, destroying the brain’s function.  With a smirk, he tossed the pistol back over to Jacob. 
	Six steps from his current stance, Jacob smirked. “How about thirty?” Robert viewed the results with interest.  When another silenced shot provided the third down, the weapon was returned to him. 
	“You drive a tough bargain,” Robert relinquished the weapon.  He raised it with one hand and dropped their last foe. “I’m not about to make the jump to fifty.” 
	“Distance doesn’t multiply the score, does it?” 
	“Just practice,” Robert answered the question with a quick shake of his head. 
	“We should get back,” Jacob looked around. “It’ll be dark in an hour.” Robert holstered his weapon before the two started their journey back home.
	Days never ticked slower in the presence of death.  Each life decayed from their hopeful foundation was a burden in and of itself.  Be it the life of a follower or a leader, nothing hoped to satisfy the emotional tear.  Derek sat in the chair of Chris, opposite Mitch.  While Derek preferred seclusion in the wake of loss, Mitch wanted to see what it truly was that had taken over a friend.  The time was too soon to fight the monster on the surface, however.  This meeting was not about hating death’s grip.
	Mitch watched Derek cleaning the pieces of his sidekick. “We’ve come to a decision with Elliot.”
	Derek raised his eyes, “I’ll take care of it.”
	“We’re letting him go.” Mitch replied solidly.
	Derek put the cloth down. “What?” He snarled.
	“We’re not killing him.”
	“They’re not killing him, you’re not killing him.  But I am.”
	“No, you’re--”
	Derek rose to a stand, “He’ll lead the enemy straight to us.”
	“There is no enemy!” Mitch roared back. “He doesn’t even know where to find the militia.  He’ll be looking for months before he finds anything, suggesting he even survives that long.”
	“Where is he?” Derek tilted his head.
	“He’s already left.  I wanted to tell you, but I knew you would freak out like this.”
	Derek turned and collected his rifle from the wall. “Which way did you send him?”
	“Derek,” Mitch jumped to a stand and prepared to brace Derek. “We can let him go.  It’ll be fine!”
	Derek secured the weapon on his back before he gave Mitch a look.  He jumped forward and pounded Mitch into the opposite wall.  Derek planted his forearm on Mitch’s neck, strangling him against the wall. “Which way is he going?”
	Mitch spoke through a strained voice, “I’m not telling you.”
	Derek clenched his teeth and squeezed tighter. “I’m saving everyone in this camp and you know it.”
	Mitch’s vision began to blur.  He felt the words ring against his ears.  Elliot may have been leading on, but he didn’t seem the type.  But if a full force struck the gates of the camp, all were due for reckoning. “Into town.”
	Derek released Mitch and sprinted through the door while the latter crumpled on the ground half conscious and gasping for air.  Moments later, Derek’s bike was heard ripping across the camp.  Mitch reached for his radio, but he forgot the last few seconds and found himself in a trance.  Nobody was stopping Derek.
	The sniper took a trail running out from the backside of camp.  It was a straight shot that, through some thick forestry, led to a cliff edge overlooking the highway entering Heber.  He scavenged the trail years ago and it came to his mind in the blink of an eye.  Derek dodged trunk, log, and branch throughout almost two miles.
	Derek slowed to a halt just before the cliff and stepped off his bike.  The hillside overlooked some shops and markets in the front.  As the bike stopped creaking from metal expanding, the faint tone of a vehicle traveling caught his ears.  Derek centered the scope behind his eye and took focus on the asphalt.  In a few moments, a little white truck darted out of the woods.
	Derek calmed his breath as his finger slowly squeezed the trigger.  The crack of a gunshot caught the driver off guard.  Elliot cheated death just because the proper calculations weren’t taken in.  Derek missed and hit the back window instead.  In response, Elliot swiveled the wheel to make a harder target and gunned the gas.  Derek fired another, penetrating the back tire.  Elliot lost control in that instant, drifting into the guardrail and rolling over twice.
	The sniper’s eye never left the wreckage.  His ear was all around for the possibility of zombies.  But his finger never swayed and his motive never changed.  The monster was consuming another fragment of Derek’s soul with another life he wanted to take.  So close, the creature couldn’t deny appetite for mercy.
	Elliot crawled out of the wreck slowly and looked up to face the cliff where the gunshots were going off.  He gasped as he stared down the last moments of his life.  Weeks ago, everything was taken from him as well.  That raid killed the last surviving members of his family.  And there was no escaping it, so why try?  Elliot closed his eyes.  His last synapse clicked with another loud crack in the soundless air.  Derek raised his eye from the scope.  He smirked upon the sight before returning to his vehicle.
	Ninety minutes after the grisly campsite was left free of the undead scavengers, Robert and Jacob returned to the perimeter of the campsite.  They crossed paths with Mitch, sitting on the left pillar of the front gate.  In his lap, a rifle laid lifeless. “How’s your night?” Robert asked. 
	Mitch shrugged. “You don’t want to know, and I don’t want to be the one to tell you.  Justin will give you the details on four.”
	Robert retrieved his radio and switched the channel. “Justin, what’s going on?”
	Justin’s voice was cold, “In our process of letting Elliot go today, Derek felt compelled to kill him and leave another bloody stain on the entrance of our old home.”
	Jacob shook his head.  Robert growled, “Damn it.” He keyed up, “I’ll handle him.”
	“You’d better, Bobby.  Everyone’s starting to worry he’s gonna go off one night.”
	Derek’s voice cut into the transmission, “My purpose is to keep these people safe.  I killed a man who was driving straight for the rest of his militia.  I won’t let these people come to harm.  They’re all I have left.”
	Robert held his tongue.  Anything he was going to say, he would say it in person.  Both of the snipers traversed the gate.  Opening it was more of a hassle than climbing over considering all the turmoil it had been put through, which said nothing to the rest of the outpost.  Settled back on level ground, they continued their conversation while Mitch stayed on post.  Both were famished from a full day’s trekking and no food.  They had to make a stop at the dining hall before bunking down for the night. 
	Stepping in, their company was crowded by Daniel and Melanie.  Dan raised his hand.  The setting sun distorted some of the light, however they were still discernable in the dark. “You find some meat?” Dan sounded hopeful. 
	Jacob shook his head. “Not quite what we were looking for.” 
	“So you found something,” Melanie assumed. 
	Robert sent them a nod in return. “Wasn’t very pretty.  There were some people camped out a few miles north of here.  They were discovered by the zombies.  Shell casings on the ground and dozens of zombies, but nobody left alive.” 
	“That’s unfortunate,” she replied. 
	“For them,” Jacob’s dry answer.  He took a bite from an apple. 
	Robert could feel the fatigue invading.  He yawned before immediately returning to his feet. “Everyone do okay without us?” 
	Dan nodded. “All but one of us has a clean bill of health.” 
	“How is Audrey?” 
	Daniel shrugged. “Not a clue.  She doesn’t talk anymore.” 
	Robert felt bad that even he couldn’t penetrate her shell.  She had blocked everyone and everything out since Chris’ death.  Rob’s own trauma lasted all but three days before he was almost back to normal.  Nicole’s death was detrimental, but he’d found the will to continue after she was no longer among them.  His mind questioned whether Audrey would find the same ability. 
	Stepping up the stairs to his cabin, Robert took a deep breath.  Fresh mountain air, the cool of nightfall surrounding.  On the balcony, Lexie looked out silently. “Hey, Lexie.” 
	She turned around. “How was the hunt?” 
	“We didn’t find anything edible,” Robert almost felt bad to bring her this news. “How you holding up?” 
	“It’s been two weeks since Vic died.  I keep forgetting that he’s gone.  Just today,” she sent a faint smile, “I mixed up his name with Joe."
	The two were caught off guard when a radio transmission went by.  The voice was almost nonexistent, but Rob swore he could make out the word. 'Goodbye.'
	Rob sighed. “When Nikki died, I…I--” His response was interrupted when a muffled gunshot blared.  Both turned to the adjacent cabin. “What was that?” Instinct put a weapon in his hands before the first step had been taken.  Both he and Lexie sprinted down the steps.  There was no reason to fire a weapon inside.  Hopes were of an accidental discharge, provided it didn’t cause any injury. 
	Inside the cabin, Robert heard the loud sobs of Savannah only a few yards away.  His vision pierced the darkness for answers.  But ahead, only distress seemed to occupy. “Savannah?” He spoke calmly.  Weapon lowered for there seemed no threat facing them. 
	Only a few steps behind, Lexie also heard the cries of the young lady.  As their vision adapted to indoor darkness, they were glad to see Zack embracing her tightly.  His eyes were shut, blocking off the tears welling in his own. “Guys?” Lexie asked. “What happened?” 
	Zack lifted his head to face them.  After taking a deep breath. “It’s Audrey,” he couldn’t continue. 
	Robert holstered his weapon.  A few feet further, he passed up the two crying teens.  Inside the adjacent dorm, Audrey’s body laid still on the floor.  Something was amiss.  A pool of red slowly filled the cracks of the broken tile floor beneath her.  Further examination showed the entry cavity of a .45 ACP under her chin.  Her right hand wrapped around a pistol, the barrel still smoking by the single shot it fired.  By means of depression, she had taken her own life.
	Miguel flung open the door a few feet away, closely accompanied by Brooke. “What happened?” His worst fears were at the front of his mind.  Nobody offered a response, but everyone stood just outside her room. “No!” The young man skirted by everyone else, where his eyes fell upon the corpse holding the gun.  Tears welled in his eyes, his hands fighting to wipe the blood from her wound. “Don’t do this, please.” His voice broke.
	Brooke knelt at his side, wrapping an arm around him.  Her heart was broken from the sight she witnessed.  She loved Audrey as a friend, as a coworker, and never treated her differently than her own children.  Another bond so close, shattered in the blink of an eye.  She couldn’t imagine the devastation blowing through Miguel’s soul right now.
	“Please, Audrey,” Miguel cried, “please open your eyes.” He knew her decision was irreversible.  But he pleaded with the terms of reality, begging it was just a dream.  Hoping she would wake.  He leaned down, pressing his lips to her cheek.  Miguel was left no choice but to accept her passing.  To let her go and try to let that love in his spirits fade away. “Sleep peacefully.” His face burrowed into Brooke’s shoulder, the cries of absolute loss making every ear cringe.
	Taking in the full weight of the death, Robert clenched his teeth.  Chris asked him to look after his daughter.  Rob hated to know he failed another promise made to a good friend.  Tears started to fill his own eyes.  Beside him, Lexie spotted the sorrow spreading on his face. “Bobby,” she whispered.  One hand outstretched to his shoulder. “Are you alright?” 
	Robert hesitated.  His arms encircled her body.  He needed a shoulder to cry on, knowing yet another had been lost so quickly. “No,” Robert sighed.  This was what survival had left them with.  The deaths of a few resulted in the loss of more innocent life.  How could it be, that more innocent than guilty were at the behest of the reaper’s demands? 

Day 373
Hornets Nest

	The outpost was lucky to have a compiled time of warfare stretching maybe a couple of hours.  Nova platoon rarely saw more than a few days of silence.  Thousands upon thousands of bullets fired, just as many miles traveled, and without a cause left to fight for.  Yet they carried on with the hope that a cause would manifest somewhere along this road.
	Every landlocked state they found themselves going through bore its share of the undead.  Along with that infestation rose the anarchists and criminals taking advantage of the dead society.  Each member of this platoon was no stranger to turning their weapons on fellow countrymen by this point.  The time or day was lost on them.  Only the ammo count, the ground they held, and the enemy they fought mattered.
	Nine months after Reaper was unleashed, the virus somehow managed to cross oceans.  While the rate of spread was nowhere near as fast as the pandemic in the states, it remained a force to be reckoned with.  But in that silence of a false sense of security, aid was administered.
	The Red Army initially arrived with the intention of cutting the undead head from the snake.  But their arrival came without warning to an already panicked populace.  The aid of another country unintentionally sparked a war between cultures.  And the dead were the only thing to keep it constant.  As American military forces were scattered and stunned by the pandemic, a foothold eventually came to a head in Tennessee.
	Nashville, one of the last strongholds of an independent alliance of citizens and soldiers, would be one of the hardest to take.  It was where Nova along with near four hundred infantrymen, national guardsmen, and marines would hold to the end.  A wounded horse against a thoroughbred stallion.  The fight was a losing one.
	The city was in a state of chaos.  Few landmarks could be recalled as sights to behold given the damage sustained.  Sporadic fires consumed near half of the city, leaving the sky glazed in a dazzling crimson.  No dreams could shed the fatality of this war.  A war that began with the undead, became a civil war, and eventually erupted into an international conflict.  
	Walter had been staring through an ACOG for the better half of an hour.  The battle was hot and cold, and it could erupt again at any moment.  To take his eyes off, he pulled back into cover. “Owens, what’s your status?” He waited for an answer to come through.  Nothing rang across his ears, leading the Staff Sergeant to close his eyes.
	Staff Sergeant Chad Crawford held the same rank, but hardly the discipline to lead a platoon.  He was hoping for some good news too.  But when no answer came, he sighed deeply. “Damn it.”
	“What’s going on?” PFC Olsen asked.
	Mike Logan never took his eyes off the road.  While it was empty now, it could fill in a heartbeat.  His ears were focused on their surroundings. “We sent six soldiers out into that on a suicide mission.  They probably didn’t get close.”
	Walt clenched his teeth, “It doesn’t matter.  We hold our ground here.  Sierra, what’s your status?”
	A stranger’s voice filled the line. “It’s not looking good, we’ve got plenty of wounded.”
	“We’ve got you covered out here.  When will your unit be able to move?”
	“Not soon enough, Nova.  Not without air evac.” A series of rockets shot across the downtown skyline. “And with those AA guns up, that can’t happen.”
	Walt paused for a moment. “Warhammer, do you have a visual on Delta?”
	“Negative, Nova, we lost their signature two miles west of the objective.  The ground is too hot to identify friendly personnel versus hostiles.”
	“What’s the status on that bombing run?”
	“Nova, they never got off the ground.  Arnold and McKellar-Sipes were hit by ICBMs less than an hour ago.  As far as Nashville is concerned, ground forces have no aerial support.”
	Evan clenched his eyes shut, hoping to drown out the darkness with a few minutes of rest.  But the rest was impossible to find in the present condition. “If I ask a question, Staff Sergeant, will you answer honestly?”
	Walt sent him a perplexed look. “Depends on the question.”
	“Are we going to see the sunrise tomorrow?”
	Walter stared with dull eyes.  He couldn’t answer a question he didn’t have the answer for.  The last few months were as cruel and relentless to their physicality and mental strength as the undead flood.  The fight to New Orleans was met with a grisly discovery and a memory Walter didn’t want to carry.  Now they were here, fighting the last war for the sake of country.  But what country was left in the aftermath of apocalypse?
	Walter turned his head back to the scope.  No movement.  He unclipped his radio once more. “Kenny, if you can hear me…don’t give up.” No answer replied.  They were either all dead or out of radio contact.  These radios were good for several miles, but Russians could have been jamming the signal.
	Mike chuckled, “You should have sent me instead of the Master Sergeant, sir.”
	Chad rolled his eyes, “Shut up, Mike.”
	Logan scoffed, “The last person you want to send on a suicide mission is Kenny.” He shrugged when members of the platoon shot him foul looks. “Just being realistic.”
	Walter growled, “Sierra, I get the feeling we’re going to need to pull out of here.”
	“My men are in the process of evac right now, but it’s going to take some time.”
	The commanding soldier rose to a stand. “Nova, we’re on the move.  We can’t wait for a long shot that could never manifest.”
	Mike followed in suit, “Let’s get the hell out of here.”
	Miles away, the fight was opposite.  Kenneth Owens was a veteran whose service stood through the Gulf, War on Terror, and Desert Storm.  But the mainstream conflicts accounted for the surface of an ocean when compared with the operations that went unseen or unheard.  And despite his length of service, it never grew old.  Never would there grow a sense of optimism, a savoring of violence, or a passion for murder.  Maybe for a few, but never for Ken.
	The Master Sergeant peered around a corner.  His head quickly retreated.  Immediately to his left was a long time confidante and one of the few who still drew breath.  Braden Cahill, the only other survivor who went into LA in the critical moments of Serenity’s launch.  Ken quietly let out a deep breath. “Busy?”
	“I’ve seen less Russians in Moscow.”
	“What are they doing?”
	Ken snuck an eye out again. “Sweeping the block.  Clearing the undead--” a gunshot went off down the street. “And anyone not in the same uniform.”
	“They’ve got these sweeper teams going through the whole city.  They’re only not where the frontline is.”
	“Yeah,” Ken replied. “It’s a gamble either way we look at it.” He thought about it for a few moments, scanning the surroundings for anything they could use to their advantage. “The river’s a quarter mile from here.  Our objective is right on the other side.  We need to break through sooner or later.” He nodded, “Regroup with Delta.” Both turned and carefully escaped the street just before the patrol intersected.
	Sixty seconds later, Ken stepped through the threshold where the rest of his unit was holed up.  A skyscraper of reflective blue glass just down the street.  And as patrols were clearing every building, it was a short length of time until they crossed paths with Ken’s squad.  The Master Sergeant kept his voice low, “We’ve got a bit of a fight ahead of us.  There’s no getting around these bastards, so we gotta go right through them.”
	PFC Lucas Walsh, one of the newer members of Nova platoon, scoffed loudly. “I could have guessed you would say that.”
	“Has everyone maintained radio silence?” Ken asked, ignorant to the comment.
	Sergeant Chavez nodded, “Yes, sir.  Walt was trying to raise us, but we did our best to ignore him.”
	“Good.  The last thing we need is to shoot a flare into the sky.”
	“What’s the situation?” Staff Sergeant Rick Grimes asked from the far window.
	Ken cleared his throat. “Russian patrols are sweeping the streets.  Probably about sixty seconds from breaching these doors.” He planted a stick of C4 at the base of a set of stairs just outside the door. “Since we don’t have anything to fight that APC, we need to run.  Cahill,” Ken requested.
	“Yes, sir?”
	“Go to the opposite end of the building and set up a charge.  As soon as I give the order, blow it.  They’ll try to breach and clear the lobby, by that time we need to be out of here.  The alley behind here doesn’t have much for cover, but the parking structure next door should keep us out of those drones’ eyes.  We gotta book it to the bridge once this starts.”
	“What’s to say the alley isn’t loaded with Ivan?” Luke asked.
	Ken shrugged, “Consider it faith.”
	Luke chuckled and rolled his eyes. “I don’t know what Powell was thinking throwing me in with you idiots.”
	“Probably trying to teach you to grow up, Walsh.” Sergeant Haley replied sardonically.
	Ken pressed the butt of his weapon to his shoulder. “Move out.” The next minute ticked by like hours, it seemed.  Kenneth took cover behind the reception desk alone, waiting for that critical moment.  His eyes peered just over the desk to the glass entrance.  Finally, shades of camouflage fatigues crossed his peripheral. “Blow it,” He ordered.  Ken didn’t hesitate.  He didn’t give them the chance to descend the stairs before detonating the charge.  A violent tremor shook the foundation of the skyscraper, but was hardly enough to bring it down.  It was just enough to disorient the enemy.  And that was the only thing they needed right now.  In unison, a second explosion muffled by the structure was heard behind him.
	Ken jumped to his feet and ran.  It went off a lot better than he thought, he didn’t need to fire a single bullet.  The soldier rushed through the hallways, eventually finding a decrepit opening in the opposite corner.  Ken rushed out the door, where the deafening booms and ringing in his ears faded.  And what replaced the sound was chaos.  Gunfire on either end of the alley.
	Braden and Luke took cover behind a trash can, while Rick, Isaac, and Chavez rushed one at a time into the cover of a two story parking lot.  Cahill fired blindly over the trash can to the south.  When he retracted his rifle, his eyes met Ken’s.  With that glance of confirmation, Owens sprinted across the narrow alley.  Ken jumped over the fencing with ease and turned his attention to fire on the north. “Cut across to Third now!”
	Luke didn’t hesitate to follow the order, jumping over the fence just as his commander.  Braden was last to follow.  Just as he was making it through the gap, a gunshot sizzled through his forearm.  Braden clutched the wound and clenched his teeth in pain, but pushed forward like training begged him to.
	Ken allowed his younger teammate to pass before following at the back.  The loaded parking lot was a plethora of bullet sponges that would absorb fire.  Regardless, Ken and Braden tucked behind cars on opposite sides of the lane. “What’s your status?”
	Braden examined his wound.  His forearm burned with every muscle he strained, but the hand still worked. “I’m good.  Just peeled off a little meat.”
	“Good!” Ken rose just as troops were arriving to give pursuit.  He fired three bursts downrange, taking out one of the soldiers.  The automatic blare of multiple AK-47s drew him back into cover.  Glass shattered, tires spewed pressurized air, and metal pounded with every shot fired. “Keep moving!” He rose again and unloaded ten rounds on varying targets.  Three to four impacts, most of less than lethal positioning.  But covering fire wasn’t meant for lethality as far as the rifleman was concerned.  Its purpose was a smokescreen.
	Braden jumped to his feet, dashing to the opposite end of the parking structure.  As soon as he found a secure spot, he took over suppressive fire.  Ken heard the discharging behind and quickly rushed toward his unit.  Concrete kicking up sent a stray rock into the sky, planting against his eye.  Ken clutched his iris but his focus stayed on moving legs.
	Ken vaulted through the opposite end of the parking lot, finding himself on another two lane street.  The rest of his squad took cover in parallel parked vehicles lining the roadway.  Redeploying troops converged on either end of the street.  Ken swung his head to see a rocket in flight spiraling over the same sidewalk.  Not enough taking a second to register, he kicked his legs out.  The rocket flew over, missing by inches, and instead blowing a hole into a small bridge just a few meters away.  The dust cloud and flying debris momentarily disoriented him, but Ken immediately jumped to his feet.
	“Move up!” He pointed his hand to a small lot on the opposite side of the street.  Luke shot out of cover before anyone else and disappeared from enemy sight.  His wall planted on the north wall, where he quickly dispersed ammunition in the direction he was facing.  Luke let off the trigger for just a second allowing Christian to pass.  The Sergeant took up the opposite wall without hesitation. “Cahill, on me!”
	“Hoo-ah!” Braden took his eyes off the pursuit he’d been holding off and managed his way into the street.  Both of the veteran soldiers took opposite sides of a minivan and continued to fire.  After two shots left, Braden’s get registered empty. “Changing!”
	Ken didn’t voice a confirming word, but instead took up the lack of fire in the other direction. “Grimes, go!” Rick shot out of cover and into the parking lot.  His eyes shot to the far end, where he spotted movement.
	“Contact east!” He shouted just before his rifle let off.  Two of the opposite faction found a path to cut them off, but weren’t anticipating eyes to be looking straight at them.  One went down without hesitation.  The second required Luke’s steady hand and quick reflexes.
	Ken didn’t have to say anything to get Isaac on the move. “They’re trying to cut us off, double time!” Both he and Braden jumped from cover, sprinting into the corridor of gunfire for but a second and soon finding comfort in cover.  But that was no reason to slow down.  Owens led the team like he’d grown up in this city, even though he’d only taken a few looks at a map.  He knew this parking lot didn’t end with a wall.  At the end, he turned in the direction where the two fallen Soviets came through.  Delta stacked up, eyeing every corner, every rooftop, every window for the slightest hint of movement.
	The war seemed to fade in an instant.  Ken knew that was only because the enemy was repositioning.  A partially opened door caught Owens’ peripheral, shifting his direction into the structure.  Up a short flight of stairs, since there was nowhere else to go. “Goddamn,” Luke said aloud. “People don’t got enough places to park?”
	“We’re almost to the river,” Ken replied, leading the group into yet another dark parking structure.  His rifle swayed in every direction before he took a step out.  Everyone spread out and staggered their formation.  Just a few meters away, they could hear the shouts in foreign languages and roars of heavy engines. “We’re at the corner, focus fire to the south.” Ken led the team into another stairwell, descending the single floor to a glass door.  The opposite glass was distorted, and gave Owens that little bit of insight on what was to come next.  He let out a deep breath.
	“Hostiles?” Braden assumed, but still felt a necessity to ask.
	“Too many to run through.  You still carrying smoke?”
	“Got one left.  It’s for a bombing run, though.”
	Ken smirked. “That’s perfect.” Owens wanted to assume.  If another well developed and intelligent military force was as smart as Ken would hope, red smoke would draw them away.  He hoped the fears of a potential bomb being dropped would send them running.  They only needed this hole to open for a moment.  Braden handed the cylinder to him. “We’ve got one shot at this, so don’t lose your footing.  As soon as they scatter, run for the brown door.” He carefully pulled the door open just enough, pulled the pin, and rolled the red smoke grenade into the center of the road.
	A billowing smoke began to pour out through the orifices.  At first, nobody noticed.  But the plume grew bigger and denser with every passing second.  Sudden and fearful orders in a strange dialect caught Ken’s ear.  He peered through the door, watching soldiers run either up or down the street trying to get clear of a bomb that would never drop.
	Ken swung open the door, “Go, go go,” he spoke in a hushed tone.  One by one, the six man squad filtered through the door.  They ran without relent, blocking out the sound of any shot that would fire.  Walsh, Grimes, Chavez, and Cahill made it across the threshold just fine.  But someone spotted the last two through the crimson cloud.  Automatic shots started to fire directly on their position.  Christian suffered an extremity wound to the upper leg, but still found the momentum to push himself forward.
	Ken stopped for just a moment and ejected the rest of his magazine toward the larger force.  The loud thump of a BTR cannon caught Ken off guard.  Multiple vehicles parked were impacted and detonated on impact, leaving a massive cloud of dust and debris in its wake.  One was in close enough proximity to knock Owens off his feet.  But when the dust settled, there was nobody to be found.
	Half a minute later, Luke was leading the charge kicking open a door on the opposite side of the building.  Since there were no shortcuts inside, another explosive had to be sacrificed.  Out the other side, there was nobody to be found.  Everything was silent in close proximity.  The sounds of war were at least a quarter mile away.  Nobody could discount somebody following them, though, which pushed them onward.
	Ken took the lead again off the street and onto a walkway parallel to the Cumberland River.  The fatigue of a six month battle was getting to them all.  The lack of sleep, mental debilitation of frontline conflict, and a sense of losing oneself was starting to affect them all.  Ken felt it worst of all in the first days, but found the will to continue.  He only hoped the men at his back still bore that drive and desire to see this fight come to a close. “We’re almost there.” His eyes swung across the water to the massive stadium of LP Field.  A series of six rockets ejected skyward from the coliseum and spat across Music City’s skyline once again.
	“Damn, am I gonna be happy when the Titans get their field back.” Braden stated cynically during their run.
	Ken scoffed, “Wouldn’t matter, the Titans suck.”
	“You do realize that bridge is a little high for us?” Walsh asked.
	“Of course I know,” Ken stated instantly. “I wasn’t about to paint you as a target on that street, though.”
	“The next bridge links up with First.  It’s a longer run but we won’t be scaling anything.” Braden tried to reassure.
	“Cahill, how’s your arm?”
	“Stings, but I can still throw a hell of a lot better than you.” The wrap applied did well to slow the circulation and reduce the bleeding.  If he was lucky, the backup of blood would coagulate the wound.
	"What about you, Haley?"
	"You can't live without bleeding every once in a while, Master Sergeant."
	Crossing the bridge was much easier than any of the squad anticipated.  But it didn’t come without its risks.  The roar of rotor blades laid Ken down on the ground.  The rest followed suit only moments before a pair of MI-17 helicopters shot overhead.  Ken didn’t move for a few seconds.  If those pilots saw them, the operation was lost.  As if the Red Army’s primary anti air defense wasn’t heavily guarded enough, losing the element of surprise would cost Delta everything…including six lives.
	“Fuck,” Ken swore under his breath.
	“Do you think they saw us?”
	“They’ve got eyes on everything, but at that elevation I’m keeping my fingers crossed.”
	“Do you want to pray?” Luke asked, the tone cynical.
	Ken shook his head, “The last thing I’m doing right now is folding my arms, bowing my head, and closing my eyes.” He thought back for a few moments. “Nova needs to know our status, it’s been too long.”
	“What about radio silence?”
	“At this point it won’t matter.  There’s enough traffic on Ivan’s bandwidth they won’t see it.” Ken unclipped his radio. “Nova this is Delta, how copy over?”
	Walter was taken aback to hear the transmission.  Their fervent efforts to deploy containment on the surrounding streets had sent the platoon into a frenzy.  Everyone considered the worst for Ken and his hopeless squad.  A snowball thrown into the pit of hell stood a better chance. “Delta, where the hell have you been?”
	“Red’s been on our back for the last two miles, sir.  Couldn’t risk giving off a signal until we were in the thicket.”
	“What’s your status?”
	“Delta is en route, we’ll reach the objective in ten mikes.  If you don’t hear from us in eleven, consider that your signal to get the fuck out of dodge."
	Walter shook his head and chuckled, “Thanks for the warning this time around, Kenny.”
	“Don’t mention it, Staff Sergeant.  If we get out of this, you owe me fifty bucks.”
	“Yeah,” Walter scoffed without answering on the radio, “You do like kindling for your fire.” He clicked the send button, “Good luck, Delta.”
	Mike tilted his head, “Wasn’t expecting that?  But I’ve seen stranger shit.”
	“Like what?” Riggs asked from his position peering through a second floor window.
	Logan shrugged, “Music city on fire.”
	Neither of the helicopters shifted their course.  It seemed they were already on a beeline for the stadium.  One circled outside the parking lot while the second began a careful descent into the stadium.  Ken glanced through his scope when two roles flung out the side and back end of the craft.  Two by two, eight soldiers roped to the ground and spread out.
	“I was expecting resistance on this bridge.” Braden sighed.
	“They probably know we’re here.  So we need to move fast.” Ken hit the radio. “Falcon, do you copy.”
	A small detachment of airmen assigned to the platoon after Phoenix had been waiting for their moment to shine.  Senior Airman David McKown held the controls to a UAV.  An hour after the Delta unit left, the RQ-1 Predator was launched.  Her pilot had been at the helm for more than twenty minutes navigating beneath the radar and below buildings.  While it could fly for several hours, the conditions of the war zone were hardly in their favor.  A single drone flying through the air wouldn’t last long.
	David answered the radio, “Delta, this is Falcon, I read you.”
	“You might have one go at this before they take the drone out.  I need you to concentrate your fire on the parking lots south and east of the stadium.”
	“Copy that,” McKown replied. “We’ll be in the airspace in ninety seconds.”
	Ken gave each sides of his unit a glance. “Let’s move.”
	While the drone’s payload maxed out at two rockets, each was a force to be reckoned with.  It could take out a cluster of soldiers with ease, as well as multiple vehicles stacked throughout the parking lot.  David steered, reluctant to send his drone on just as suicidal a mission as Delta.  It would be worth the risk if the outcome fell in their favor.

Day 373 Part II
Second Sun

	Ken peered through his scope, “We don’t have a lot of time.  They’ll blow the pred out of the air in minutes.”
	“What do you suggest?” Braden suggested, “Going in guns blazing?”
	The Master Sergeant locked eyes with him for a moment. “What choice do we have?” Ken jumped to his feet and dashed toward the far end of the bridge.  The Red Army didn’t have a single eye watching either of the bridges.  While it was highly unusual for something so vital, Ken had a bad feeling it meant stiffer resistance when it mattered most.
	Luke tilted his head in confusion. “And he’s in charge, why?”
	Braden and Isaac rose and followed after taking it in for a few seconds longer.  Christian chuckled. “The ones who have nothing to live for, live forever.” He grabbed Luke by the forearm, “On your feet, soldier.”
	Ken’s world went deaf.  His adrenaline spiked whenever the point of no return arrived.  It was everything or nothing, every dollar on the table that could be lost in the blink of an eye.  A grin spread across his face.  The spirit of an angel guided his every direction.  While she could not be saved, her words constantly repeated in his mind.  There would always be lives to save in a world turned to dust.  And he would give every ounce of strength and valor to follow her words.  His time would come someday, but it wouldn’t be today.  Ken knew that beyond a reasonable doubt.
	It took all of thirty seconds for Ken to reach the far edge of the bridge.  The stadium was far enough that nobody spotted the group of soldiers moving through the gridlocked bridge.  The bridge descended toward the ground.  Ken reached a point where it would be a short fall and put his back behind an SUV. “Cahill, you still got the M24?”
	Braden dropped down behind an adjacent sedan. “I’ve been itching to use it since we left, sir.”
	“Well you’ve got your chance.” Ken peeked around. “I see a ton of targets on the ground.  Walsh, stay back with him and keep an eye on our six.” Luke nodded before recovering an ACOG scope inside his satchel.  He quickly adapted it to his rifle before centering his eye behind the barrel. “Everyone else, we’re going in.  Spread out and stay under the cars.”
	The radio clicked in Ken’s ear. “Delta, this is Falcon.  We’re approaching the target area.”
	Ken replied as he started for the “Fire on my command.”
	At the same moment, Braden and Luke were rushing low on the opposite side.  Braden found a suitable position as well as cover from the direct threat.  The veteran recovered a gun case and proceeded to quickly assemble the sniper system.  He flung the rifle over the hood of a car but kept it low. “Guardian in position.”
	“Copy that.” The numerous cars, various shrubs distributed throughout the south lot, and general direction of enemies focusing directly on the street parallel to the stadium kept Delta out of sight.  Ken jogged to the edge of the shrubbery and peered around to see a small detachment scattered throughout. “Delta, engage upon the first missile’s detonation.  We need to hit them hard and fast.” Braden’s eye lined up with a roving sentry.  Luke scanned the bridge and every other direction for signs of a threat.  Christian, Rick, and Isaac took up multiple other angles focusing on the patrol just south of the stadium. “Falcon, drop the first on the roadblock north of us.”
	“Missile away,” David reported after pulling the joystick’s trigger.  The missile fell abruptly, hardly noticeable from the sky at first.  The air seemed somewhat silent in this alley.  Everything was about to change.
	A single opposing soldier uttered no more than two words of warning before a massive detonation and tremor.  Braden’s trigger pulled in unison with the devastating fireball.  A series of cars and trucks parked together were destroyed a chain reaction of fire and expanding gases.  More than a dozen men in the parking lot were either killed or injured from the blast or shrapnel.  Several more were disoriented by the powerful attack of an offense that seemed to spark from nowhere.  The combined effects of four infantrymen and a sniper were effective in quickly bringing down six soldiers reacting to the missile strike.
	Ken was first out of protection, his legs striding without relent.  The rising smoke overtook the fading sunlight, creating a darkness that canopied half the battlefield. “Double time!” To run in the direction of gunfire, even against insurmountable odds.  Unsung heroes of an unknown war.
	Ken raised the barrel of his rifle while he pushed into the smoke.  He could see outlines of sentries scattering through the lot.  He took a knee a few yards back from a smoldering sedan.  Two bullets ejected, impaling a target on the run.  Retaliation came quick from the late but now expecting hostiles.  Owens dropped to his stomach.
	Braden reached up to adjust his viewfinder, activating a black and white thermal scanner through the scope.  His vision connected to multiple targets his eye wouldn't have seen through smoke.  The sniper inched his way to the front of the sedan, then took a deep breath.  He fired.  His bullet swiped one through soft tissue of the neck, yet maintained the momentum required to impact another’s leg.
	Ken put his back to an undamaged Red truck and hit the radio once again. “Falcon, drop it on the concentration closest to the door.  We need to get in there now.”
	“Understood, firing.” The second missile released from its carriage.  Its short lived propulsion and guidance system glided the perfect flight to ground on an interception course.  The crowd seemed to amass in the perfect few seconds of flight time.  A few seconds before the bomb would blow, Ken blindly fired out of cover.
	A plume of red and gold flames shot up, close enough for many of the four rushers to feel a wave of heat.  It wasn’t a sign to hold back, but the perfect opportunity to strike. “Go for the doors.  Breach and clear.” The Master Sergeant released his rifle to collect a flash bang.  Just as he was pulling the pin, a soldier appeared from parallel parked car adjacent to the door.  The soldier had a gun leveled and ready to fire, but his head snapped back from the sudden combination with a .338 Lapua.
	Braden smirked, “Not this time.”
	Ken underhand threw the sensory grenade through the broken glass of the doors before taking the lead rush in.  In his hands, he switched out the rifle for a Heckler and Koch MK23 customized with a strobe flashlight.  The strobe turned on, flashing a powerful LED to obscure hostile vision and shed light on the situation.  Two appeared upon turning the corner in his eyes.  Despite the dark, a flashlight lit them up like candles.  Ken fired twice then shifted and peeled off two more.
	Finding your way through a stadium in the dark was never easy.  Thankfully, the previous renovators offered some opacity to the sections that mattered.  Around another turn, Ken felt the gun kick out of his hand.  A hiding opponent quickly grabbed Ken by the arm and wrangled him around the corner before his allies could fire.  The two scuffled for a few moments.  The unmistakable sheathing of a blade drew Ken’s original instinct.  He only had a silhouette in the dark, but everything about training and history and human error taught him well.  The sounds of a swinging arm were no stranger to the soldier who caught the arm, twisted it, and wrenched the blade back into its owner’s gut.
	As the body slumped to the ground, Ken heard another transmission. “This is Falcon, we’re taking ground fire and need to leave.”
	Ken walked over and retrieved his pistol limp on the floor. “Roger that, save the bird if possible.  We may need it in the future.” He glanced up at the rest of his unit as they arrived.
	“Almost there.”
	“Yeah,” Ken nodded. “But this isn’t what I was expecting.”
	“What do you mean?”
	“They didn’t have any defenses set up around this place, and there’s barely anyone inside.”
	Rick stepped further into the darkness, “We haven’t seen inside the bowl yet.  There could be one last line of defense.  The objective is right in front of us, Ken, let’s just get this done.”
	Ken nodded, “I agree.  I’m just saying there’s something bigger going on here.”
	Several miles away, Walter and Chad were the first out the door.  They escorted David to the crashed UAV.  Upon arrival, it looked vague but grim.  But David wasn’t so sure. “I think I could fix this.” In flight, the aircraft took some small arms fire and damaged a landing gear strut.  The landing wasn't as soft as they wanted, but it was salvageable.
	“Good,” Walter answered.  He clicked the radio, “Kenny, what’s the status on that AA gun?”
	“We’re in the stadium--” The transmission cut short from a nearby gunshot.  Ken and the others were caught unsuspectingly by an ambush.  Forced into a bottleneck corridor, with at least a dozen men on either side.
	Braden continued to pick off soldiers in the parking lot to keep them off Ken’s back.  But now they were getting wise to where the sniper fire was coming from.  Braden took another glance through his scope. “Luke, I suggest you lift your gun and start firing.  We’ve got a lot of heat coming down on us.”
	Luke threw his weapon atop the hood of an adjacent truck.  But within moments, it seemed all the Red Army’s movements turned to the opposite. “What are they doing?”
	“It looks like they’re pulling back.” Braden hit the comm. “Delta, do you copy?”
	Ken peeked around a corner and fired three shots with his pistol. “I’m a little busy right now, Guardian.  What do you need?”
	“Enemy forces outside are pulling east.  I don’t know what to or from, but they’re moving fast.”
	Ken sent Rick another look.  Without another second of doubt, he chucked a grenade with all his might.  It bounced off the adjacent wall and rolled toward the stronger collective.  The detonation shook the entire building for a few seconds.  Right behind him, Rick was tossing the other grenade.  It detonated two seconds after the first and nobody saw it in the dark.  The effects devastated enemy forces and gunfire subsided immediately.  Ken immediately sprinted for the opposite side of the corridor which led into the floor level stadium entrance.
	Ken put his back to the door while Rick lifted his rifle.  The two confirmed a look to one another.  This was the last leg before the monster that tyrannized them for weeks would be destroyed.  Ken nodded before swinging open the door.  Rick never saw it coming.  A load of buckshot blasted into his gut point blank behind the door.  Christian responded to the shotgun with a decisive bullet to the shooter’s head.
	Rick lost his ability to stand and crumpled with limp feet.  Isaac grabbed him before he could hit the ground.  Ken was caught in the moment of a trance.  Where he knew with absolute certainty that he wouldn’t die today, fate had taken the life of yet another one of his most trusted friends.  The angel guided him to swing open the door, not to be pointing the gun through when it opened.  Sometimes he felt it to be staged, as if he couldn’t die until a higher purpose had been served.
	Rick struggled to breathe.  Blood coursed from the corners of his mouth.  His skin pale, eyes dull.  There would be but a few seconds until he would pass away.  Ken knelt alongside Richard Grimes and locked a hand with his. “I’ll see that this is done, brother.”
	Rick nodded, “You’d better.” He lifted his free hand with what strength he had left and clutched it on Ken’s wrist. “Save Nova, Master Sergeant.” His heart failed in the next instant.
	Ken was mesmerized staring at another dead brother.  First Eli, now this.  The only family he had stood for the men of Nova platoon.  But he could not give up just because another paid the ultimate price.  All anyone wanted was to see this war end and the city be restored.  Too many wheels were moving to stop.  Everything had shifted in the most extreme of circumstances.  The wounded warrior just needed to remind himself.
	The squad of three men broke through the dark veil leading out to the stadium.  An expansive field opened up to them, marked by a series of rocket systems lined up next to one another.  Another three missiles were shot out of the bowl. “It’s time to end this.” Haley said furiously.  Just as they were about to move, Christian heard a transmission from the sentry’s radio.  The young Sergeant tilted his head. “Blackout?”
	Ken glanced at him, “What did you say?”
	“They’re ordering everyone to pull back.  Something about operation blackout.  Whatever it is, they’re saying its twenty minutes out.”
	Ken didn’t hesitate to step through the threshold.  A short tunnel waited ahead, soon enough opening to the massive field.  The roars of helicopter rotors grew more and more voluminous with every step he took.  In a matter of seconds, he stepped onto the grass.  While the five missile launchers were in position, it seemed their opponents were on their way out.  This was much quicker than he’d ever seen before.  The only reasonable explanation was evacuation.
	Ken switched off to the mounted grenade launcher on his rifle.  He arched his aim, focusing on the closer of two MI-17 helicopters lifting into the air.  The grenade flew into the sky, just as small arms from his team complemented the thump and silence.  Ken held his breath in the moments between his launch and detonation.  The explosive didn’t miss its target, exploding in a crucial position to send the chopper spinning back to the ground.  It was about twenty feet off the ground, before spiraling down and out of control.  The other chopper turned and departed without consideration for the fallen bird below.
	The helicopter’s vector sent it on a collision course with one of the missile launchers.  Though the crash and collision wasn’t significant to chain react an explosion, one of the launchers was incapacitated.  Ken started toward the helicopter as it slowed and the rotors came to a sudden halt.  The inverted bird smoked after the crash, split in two pieces from the massive length of the fuselage and the direction it crashed.
	The Master Sergeant rushed toward it, spreading his team out as they came closer. “Sir,” Braden requested, “You might want to take a look up.” Ken’s eyes peered to the sky where dozens of aircraft were flying east.
	Ken hit the comm, “Cahill, I need you to hotwire a vehicle.” Moments later, he peeked into the smoky aircraft.  There didn’t appear to be any survivors.  But one groaning voice caught his attention. “Delta, take care of those guns.” Ken stepped into the helicopter, letting his light sway in every direction of movement.  He closed in on the sound of a survivor. “Hands!” He screamed at a man who had his head bowed.  The Russian turned his head and opened his eyes.  The look in his eyes was that of hopelessness.  He’d all but given up and now hoped a savior would guide him through the next moments.  He turned his head back and lowered his head. “Hands on your head, now!”
	The Russian chuckled, “It was pointless.  The whole war.  We came here trying to help you…and you turned against us.”
	“I didn’t want this war any more than you.”
	“Now I’ve given my life for something that no longer matters.”
	“What are you talking about?” Ken stepped closer.
	The Russian gulped. “Reaper breached the chain of command.  Russia is a shadow of the titan it once was.  So, the ones in charge decided an ultimatum.”
	“Blackout?”
	“You have seventeen minutes.  I suggest you get as far away from here as possible.  Nashville is doomed.”
	“What are you talking about?”
	“Multiple ICBMs are about to be launched from off the coast.  The cities we have fought to take for months are now the targets.” The Russian licked his lips, “I don’t have a gun.  Can I ask for a favor?”
	Ken nodded, “Of course.” He centered the rifle and pulled the trigger.
	In unison, four explosions popped off across the field and destroyed the sinister monster that had been keeping the home team grounded.  Christian collected his radio, “This is Delta, all AA guns have been destroyed.”
	Ken rushed out of the wreckage, “It’s time to go,” He said loudly. “Move it, double time.” Both of the Sergeants followed only a few steps behind.  Ken hit the radio, “All forces, we have a confirmed nuclear threat on approach.  Coastal cities and Nashville are confirmed targets.  I count less than seventeen minutes to impact.”
	Walter was pushing his legs forward before the words fully absorbed. “Delta, are you sure?”
	Ken sped out of the derelict stadium first, “I’ve never been more sure about something.  Get everyone out now.” The Master Sergeant took the front passenger seat of an SUV waiting outside.  Braden took up the driver’s seat while Luke set up a gun in the back cargo compartment.
	Ken took his seat and rolled down the window. “Where’s Grimes?” Braden asked.
	“Didn’t make it,” Ken answered without looking back.  As soon as he heard the doors shut, he screamed “Drive!”
	Leaving Nashville was never the problem.  Every capable person fighting for the city had no reason to run, because there was nothing else to run to.  This was the last city where an alliance stood in the face of insurmountable adversity.  One of a few cities who took soldier and civilian alike and treated all like family.  But nothing could withstand the forces of reckoning.  Such a shame that it came to an end in this manner.
	Ten minutes had gone by seeming like hours.  The eyes constantly monitored the clock with each ticking minute.  It wasn’t the first time Ken and Braden had been so close to the kill zone of a nuclear weapon.  The mystery was ground zero, where would it blow and what would its elevation be.  Ken clicked his radio, “Walter, what’s your status?”
	“We’re on our way out of the city, we should be able to reach minimum safe distance.  What about you?”
	“We’re moving southeast.  Chances are we’ll drop out of radio contact after the detonation.”
	Luke kept a sturdy eye directly behind them.  The white concrete of a highway was the only thing to keep his eyes tracking the roadway.  But that wasn’t what got his attention.  A white light crested over the distant mountains to the east, now on a collision course.  The PFC glanced back up to the other occupants. “I see it.”
	Ken peered back to catch the missile in his eyesight.  The point of no return was here and there was no going back.  Every hour of months in conflict ended with this catalyst.  The Red Army had nothing to gain running away, so they would assure their foe would gain nothing from it either.  The propulsion system led the missile over skyscrapers in the city. “Eyes closed!” He screamed, clamping an arm over his vision.
	The blinding flash went unnoticed to the crew who had shielded their eyes.  Moments after the detonation every electronic component in the car evaporated.  The vehicle slowed from its velocity with no engine to power it.  Looking back at the devastation locked them onto a shockwave sweeping closer.  A dismantling highway sent the car off tires and onto its side.  Within a second the shockwave overtook the truck and sent it rolling to an upside down stop.
	Walter hit the radio.  They were fortunate to achieve a safer distance to keep their hardware intact and escape the shockwave.  For the time being, nobody in the convoy cared about themselves.  Six members of their unit were somewhere inside the city, hopefully outside of the flash zone.  Walter keyed up, “Delta, do you copy?” No response, just static.  All he had to stare at was another mushroom cloud ever so similar to Serenity in Los Angeles.  The sight was no more beautiful to behold, rather a sign of the tragic manifestations of human capability.
	Mike couldn’t take his eyes off it. “What are we doing, sir?”
	“We’re not leaving them behind this time.” Walter started for the lead humvee. “Stack up, we’re going back in.”
	Chad shook his head, “Do you think they got out of there alive?”
	“It doesn’t matter.  They risked their lives to shut down those guns, it’s the least we can do to return the favor.  The outskirts of this city are still occupied, keep your guard up.” The door slammed and the truck quickly turned about on the roadway.
	Ken’s eyes were slow to peel open.  His world woke upside down, the sight of a cracked windshield above a white road through a layer of smoke.  Ken coughed from the smoke in his lungs. “Report,” he said weakly.  As he was collecting his blade to cut the safety harness, he realized his right wrist had been broken in the course of the accident.  He wouldn’t be able to fire his rifle as accurately.  At least he had the sidearm.
	Luke tumbled, being the only one out of a seatbelt.  But the roll wasn’t as damaging as he predicted.  He woke just a little lightheaded a minute after the crash. “I’m okay.”
	Christian and Isaac were next to wake.  Neither had more than a bump on the head. “So are we.”
	“Braden,” Ken reached over and patted his partner on the arm.  The Sergeant Major didn’t respond.  Ken cut himself loose and crawled from the wreckage.  The worst fears and doubts in his mind were manifesting.  Owens dropped to a knee and checked the pulse of Braden’s neck.
	Braden’s hand pushed Ken away. “I’m fine.  Just bumped my head.”
	Ken dropped to a knee, satisfied that all of his team suffered only minor injuries from the crash.  Only a couple miles away loomed the black cloud hanging over a desolate landscape.  Ken keyed up his radio, “Nova, this is Delta, do you read?” Not a hiss of static, not white noise, not a sound.  Caught inside yet another EMP. “Damn it.”
	“Where are we, Master Sergeant?” Luke asked as he crawled out of the shattered back window.
	“Might as well be behind enemy lines,” Ken checked both sides of the highway.  While there were no hostiles in sight, he didn’t want to take the chance that they’d come across the sight of the accident sooner than later. “We need to keep moving.”
	Braden was last to climb out of the wreck. “Your arm doesn’t look too good.”
	Ken collected his pistol with the left hand. “I’ll be fine.  We need to regroup with Nova.”
	Luke rose from the wreckage, “How the hell are we going to find them?”
	“Shut up, Walsh!” Isaac snapped.  He cut himself free of the seatbelt and quickly manifested from a rear passenger window. “Whatever we do, we’re sitting ducks here.”
	Ken nodded, “Copy that.  Delta, move out.” He turned from the crash, but glanced back to get a bearing of the prevailing winds. “The winds aren’t chasing us.” He started down a cracked, uneven highway road toward the roadside.  The drop from this level was a little more than six feet.  Ken climbed the cement barrier and threw himself off without a doubt in his mind.
	Braden was soon to follow, but climbed over and eased himself into the jump.  The rest of the team followed in suit, taking whichever route they thought wouldn’t break a leg.  In little more than thirty seconds, they were all staggered out across barren rural outskirts of a metropolis in ruins.  A steady jog left them aware of what they faced them and the Sergeant Major was sure to check behind every few seconds.
	After a half mile jog, a small community lied in their path.  Ken took the first steps across a two lane street in a suburb.  He crossed without incident.  Ken looked up and down the street, unaware of anything.  He signaled for Braden to cross.  The Sergeant Major took a glance down the street, then started in a sprint.  He jumped a short fence with ease and cruised into the center of the road.  The crackle of a gunshot disrupted the silence of death all around.  Ken had his eye down the street and caught a muzzle flash in the second floor window of a house six doors away.  In unison with the shot, Braden’s right kneecap was struck with a precision round.  The soldier stumbled with the sudden jolt of hydrostatic shock and fell.
	“Sniper!” Isaac screamed immediately.
	Braden laid still on the ground for a few moments.  The pain was ghastly.  But he was still somewhat here.  The bullet served well to shatter his kneecap.  He could feel the blood pooling up and down his legs.  His lips shivered.  Slowly, his head tilted up to face Ken.
	Ken peered around the corner once again.  His instincts pulled him behind the wall in unison with another round blasting the silent air. “Fuck me!” Ken felt the heat from a shot brush against his chin.  His soul shivered at the sight staring him down. “Don’t even think about it, Cahill!  Stay still!”
	Braden’s heart raced.  It was a stalemate, he was the only target, and every moment he waited for the threat to go the clock ticked against his life.  He felt there was no choice.  After seeing some of the things he saw and doing the works he did, the end flashed across his eyes.  He’d been ready since the order was given to fire on his own people.  Ready to find a life less threatening…ready to be reunited with the ones that mattered.  Whether religion be fiction or fact, nobody knew with undeniable proof…but hope was all that lingered in his soul.  Braden shut his eyes for a second. “Let’s get this over with,” he muttered in a silent and strained voice.  Then, he tried to push himself with the good leg.
	A second shot pounded out, this one cutting into his right shoulder.  The blast tore the energy away from his muscles, sending him back to a crumpled mess on the ground. “Damn it!” Ken screamed. “Isaac, yellow house on the right side!  Take him out!”
	“Roger that!” Isaac yelled across the street.  Christian and he turned to the back corner of the structure and disappeared behind it.
	Braden’s eyes peeled open again.  The pain was unbearable.  He didn’t want to take it any more.  Braden reached across his body with his good hand to retrieve the secondary. “Don’t move!” Ken screamed.  Braden almost had it.  He felt the metal against his fingers, then the blast of yet another sniper round.  Braden finally let out the pain of a bullet striking him in the elbow.  His left arm dropped to the ground stained in blood.
	Braden looked to the sky, breathing heavily.  The world was cold around him.  Everything was silent.  He couldn’t recover from a mutilation like this.  Even if his body recovered, his mind was broken.  Not a will to risk another moment in this agony. “Master Sergeant!” Braden screamed.
	Ken looked Braden in the eyes.  He’d never heard such a desperate plea strike his core with so much force, “Brady!  You’re going to be fine!”
	“Do it, Kenny!”
	“No!” Ken screamed back.  The Master Sergeant’s lifetime in war listened to a beg like that on one other occasion.  For with all the lives he had taken, that one was a brother in arms.  Hopeless, helpless, and unable to end the pain himself.  A mercy execution.  Ken couldn’t bring himself to pull the trigger again.
	“I can’t…reach my pistol, sir!” Braden cried.  He looked into the sky. “Kill me!  Before he does!” His body trembled, shivering from blood loss and agonizing pain.
	“Negative!” Ken yelled, trying to hide remorse in his voice with fury.
	“Walsh!” Braden screamed. “Do it!”
	Luke glanced down at the rifle in his hands.  He heard Ken from the opposite side of the road, “Belay that order, Private First Class!”
	“Luke!” Braden repeated. “Do it!”
	Luke rose to a stand.  He’d heard enough of the torment an aging veteran was suffering.  There was no question about it.  It was a dying request for a man who had no chance of survival, and no intention of it.  Luke rose up and centered his eye behind the crosshairs.
	“Walsh, don’t!” Ken screamed.
	Braden turned his head ever so slightly, closed his eyes, and spoke softly. “Thank you.” Luke read Braden’s final words through the optic before he pulled the trigger.  The young man clamped his eye shut before he saw if the bullet registered.  He didn’t want to know what that looked like.
	Ken heard the decisive headshot and bore witness to Braden’s head snapping from the impact.  The Master Sergeant dropped to both knees, his tears welling.  Of all the soldiers to fall, Ken’s oldest friend.  Classmates and neighbors from the age of eight.  The only surviving member of a sect of specific individuals he considered true family.  All that remained were dog tags.
	A pair of shots fired down the roadway.  Isaac poked his head from the window, “Got him!” He yelled across the space.  Ken didn’t answer.
	Luke stepped out from cover, “Copy that!” He yelled in response.  The PFC walked toward the life he’d taken.  His shoes seemed to grow heavier the closer he came.  Finally, he stood over the remains of a dedicated and selfless warrior.  Luke leaned down, dug ever so carefully in Braden’s fatigues, and retrieved the tags.  His next effort stripped the weapons and ammunition from their fallen brother.  Luke let a deep breath out trying not to look at the bloody face. “Be at peace.” He took another deep breath, then walked away from the tragedy.
	A few minutes later, the four were walking a defeated and aimless demeanor.  A body bag hung over the shoulder of the leader.  The sounds of multiple engines crossed their ears, and soon enough rose the crest of a nearby roadway.  Nova had found them.  Or the pieces that made it out.  True to his word, Ken dedicated his service to saving as many as possible.  The journey would undoubtedly bear witness to tragedy, and it would tear his heart apart at some times.  Life was lived by the footsteps.  Such a path intersected with the fires of hell, one too many times for anybody.  The only constant was death.
	Luke stepped up to Ken’s side once the soldier stopped and waited for the ride to pull up. “I’m sorry I did what I did, Master Sergeant.  I disobeyed a direct order.”
	Ken set Braden’s bagged body on asphalt. “Don’t apologize, Lucas.  If you didn’t, I wouldn’t have had a choice.  Are you okay?”
	Luke nodded.  He handed over the dog tags. “I’ll be okay.”
	Ken held up a hand, “Hold onto those, so that you’ll always remember.”
	“I don’t want to remember.” Luke replied.
	Ken, “Remember why we do what we do, why we give our lives…how we separate ourselves from the monsters.” He embraced Luke tightly, “Thank you.” Luke was a little shocked, but returned the gesture.  He needed a hug just as much as the next guy.
	“You’re welcome, sir.” Luke stepped back.
	Ken nodded and sent him a faint smirk under hollow eyes, “Now get back in line, Private.”

Day 395
Rampant

 	A dark morning passed in a lonely forest.  The trees were calm, not a breeze in the air.  How every day could pass with such silence was an amazing wonder to hear.  Derek spent four days alone in the wild.  Over the last four months, his world had been shut off from the others.  His character concealed from the others.  He accepted it was his actions that led Chris and Audrey’s lives to end.  He dealt with it by solitude, but even so he’d still receive criticism from several. 
	Miles from the outpost or any other civilization whatsoever, living on little but a short supply of food and water.  To his advantage, a small creek wasn’t long from his campsite.  From dawn until nightfall eyes would encircle the sky while little insightful thoughts could enter his synapse. 
	Derek had a weapon in hand when vision escaped the inside of his tent.  A glance in every direction spotted three reanimated bodies right outside of his confine.  With the first click of his hammer, the nearest head swung up from a loose swivel.  Before Derek could raise the handgun to face his target, a hoarse moan erupted.  The other two lifted their eyes in the same direction. 
	Just as the first bullet expelled through the tarp, another two moans multiplied their call an octave.  Derek pushed himself from the tent, his beeline toward both targets ranging five and eight feet.  Two more shots fired put both down.  Satisfied in his first moments of consciousness, three more of the undead race were wiped from existence.  Little more than a percentile of a percent and insignificant to combat the infection, but three headshots with three bullets brought him to smirk. 
	Just before he secured his weapon, another moan pitched behind.  His head spun to see another eight heads as far as fifty feet away.  The closest just tripping over his patch of rest, he pounded out his fourth bullet.  It was stray with the falling target, but his fifth stopped it from moving.  The next few were at least ten seconds out.  Perfect for a .22. 
	Derek stepped over the dead corpse to collect his rifle from inside.  A strap thrown over his neck.  Moments later the metal stock squeezed his shoulder and a bullet was chambered.  Down the scope, he focused on the target at a preset distance.  Using markers in his scope he took down one centered at twenty meters.  One more off the list.  He loosed his grip and drew his pistol after dropping another.  His closest target, three seconds away from biting its prey, slumped forward with a clean cavity between the eyes. 
	Method didn’t guide him, instead rage for the virus and its dramatic reformat of the world’s populace.  With it left contact, order…and himself barred from everything he’d ever loved.  Two more shots hit the next zombie to his front ten feet.  A reaction to the first .45 was followed by an uninhibited slump.  His aim swung to tag the next with a precise gunshot to the temple. 
	The last three felt like little but nuisance.  He raised his .22 to finish off all with just as many bullets.  His peripheral caught grave sights on both sides among reaching a new stop.  Dozens of eyes spread across the landscape.  Movements of crowds that didn’t seem to end.  All drawn in by the resonating sound of gunfire.  The horizon glimmered in faint gold of undead stares.  They had the target in their sight. 
	Derek started back for his tent, soon enough to establish another crowd advancing on him from that angle as well.  His last ammo count spread just under a hundred bullets. “Son of a bitch.” A rucksack immediately found place on his shoulders.  The closest came within range to bite him before he put the barrel of his pistol to the next zombie’s head. 
	From his pack he drew a single cigarette.  This could very well have been his finale.  But was that what he wanted?  The first puff drawn out, he calculated direction via an attached compass.  To his south stood upwards of ten more heads.  The closest was tumbling over his fire-pit, shy only six feet from Derek’s ankles.  Derek lowered his aim, puncturing a single shot through the thirteenth zombie he’d engaged just getting out of bed.  His legs pushed him towards the horror.  They stood between him and home.  He’d fight his way through.
	Once another had fallen after a stray and a follow-up, Derek’s magazine read empty.  He drew a fresh clip from the satchel. “Come and get me,” he whispered before advancing on the next of his foes.  To his back, the numbers of zombies grew above fifty in a matter of three minutes.  Where they came from was anybody’s guess.  Where they were going was what mattered.  And whether or not they would bring about Derek’s final stand mattered. 
	As the rest of his rifle clip was expelled on distant targets he approached, no ease filled his mind.  The numbers to his rear still climbed.  Soon enough they would limit his ammunition count to single shots.  That would in turn require him keeping close range while using the pistol to conserve bullets.
	In less than two minutes, another thirty zombies had been squelched by his precise fire.  His heart rate hadn’t sped much faster than his waking moments of shock and awe.  The loaded gun was only as focused as the mind which fired it.  For not a single second did he lose confidence or fall to the will of natural fear.  But it didn’t matter.  By the time he was loading new clips into both guns, eyes lifted up to see the numbers hadn’t dropped.  All they had done was push closer and closer, multiplied with every passing second. 
	Derek lowered his weapon.  There was no use combating this crowd.  They’d overcome him alone.  He reached for the radio. “Rob, do you copy?” A constant pace of a fast walk was efficient to keep him from fatigue while also giving breathing room from the undead party passing one hundred bodies.  No answer dialed back.  Perhaps they were ignoring his call.  But then again, his call didn’t bear witness to any reason they should reply. “Bobby, I could use a hand out here.” 
	Still no answer.  He raised his weapon to pound out another two shots.  Care and precision was taken as his distance widened from the pack.  Miles away from the outpost with a thick canopy and dense forestation blocked off any communication with his home.  Just like he’d intended, he was in total isolation from the rest of the living.  Isolated from the living, yet overwhelmed by legions of the living dead. 
	Robert stepped through the threshold of his cabin.  The air was still, a beautiful glimmer of sunlight piercing an endless sea of clouds.  He took a deep breath.  Fresh air into his nose brought ease to his mind.  Every time he slept, the fear would inflame his psyche.  Whenever his next foe would cross paths with the outpost could as been as far as a week or as long as a year.  But if that enemy happened to be Travis, he had no answer.  No defensive strategy could be constructed with only a handful of soldiers against a militia. 
	Only a few paces behind, Brooke had to push the door open once Robert had stepped outside. “Would you like some company?” 
	The last few months had been kind.  More than a hundred days without an assault.  They didn’t have to shoot anything for that space of time.  If Jacob had a say, the lack of constant shooting made him feel rusty again.  Regardless, Robert would gladly trade off four months of silence from four minutes of hell. “Sure,” he smiled. 
	“I haven’t seen you up this early in weeks.” 
	“Couldn’t sleep much.” 
	“You’re still worried,” Brooke sounded surprised. 
	Rob nodded, “Yes, I am.  Eric was just the tip of the iceberg.” 
	“I heard about this Colonel.  But if he’s going city to city building up this army, what’s to say he won’t settle down anywhere else.” 
	“He and I have history.” 
	Brooke scoffed. “Just for once, try to relax.” 
	“I could relax when Nikki was still here.  If she of all people could be taken away from us…” He couldn’t expel the next words.  His mind flashed across the six faces of people he used to know.  Six graves now planted at the foot of the chapel. 
	“Nicole told me something a long time ago. ‘This is our destiny.  We were fated to survive the plague.” 
	“You call this surviving?” 
	“Surviving is just that Bobby, nothing more.  No luxuries, no benefits, no bonuses…just survival.”
	Not far away, Savannah leaned up from her bed.  Already moving about the dorm, Zack barely threw a shirt over his head. “Z?” 
	He turned around to make eye contact. “Yeah?” 
	“You’re up early.” 
	With a nod, “Jacob wanted some help.  I’ll be back in a little bit,” as he started toward the door. 
	“Zack, wait a minute.” 
	His hand was on the doorknob, yet he didn’t twist it to leave the dorm. “What’s wrong?” 
	“Nothing’s wrong, Zack.” A faint smile spread over her face. “What did Jacob want help with this early in the morning?” 
	“He wanted to go on a hunt and Robert’s starting to be a bore.” 
	“Where’s Derek?”
	Zack dipped his head.  He wasn’t ashamed to be one of many, turning their heads away from Derek since he went off the deep end. “Hell if I know.” 
	“Aren’t you worried?” 
	“No.  If he wants to be alone somewhere, I won’t stop him.  If he’s gone off and put a bullet in his head…that’s his choice.” 
	Savannah shook her head. “That’s disgusting to think, Zack.” 
	“Have you seen him since Audrey died?  He’s not the same.  And I don’t think he ever will be.” He started to twist the knob. 
	“Zack, there’s something you need to know.” 
	Releasing his grip, frustration starting to build. “What is it?” 
	“Yesterday, I talked to Daniel about something that’s been on my mind.” 
	“What’s wrong?” At the mention of the doctor, Zack became worried Savannah was developing emotional or physical ailments. 
	“Nothing’s wrong, Z.  Everything’s right.” She patted her stomach with one of her palms, a wide grin spreading. 
	Zack took a moment to think it over. “What?” His face was shocked. “You’re pregnant?” She smiled and nodded.  The boy’s palms gripped his hair. “Uh oh.” 
	“What’s that supposed to mean?” 
	He shook his head. “I didn’t mean it to come out like that.  It just scares me to think that.” 
	“How?  This is the best news I’ve heard all year.” 
	“I’m talking about all that’s happened.  Robert’s convinced this war is only started.” He hesitated. “Nikki was pregnant when she died.  I don’t want to feel that pain if I lose you.” 
	“That’s why I wanted to talk to you before you went out to the wild with a loaded gun.” 
	“I carry my weapon to protect this camp.  I love the people in here, I love you.” 
	“I don’t want to make this an argument, Zack.  But I don’t want to live in fear, and I can’t raise this kid without you.” 
	“I have to--” 
	“Don’t even go there.  You don’t have to do anything.  You’ve made your mark here, now there are trained people who can do it a hell of a lot better than you.  If there’s one thing you have to do, it’s be at my side.” 
	“The undead threaten the human race.  I can’t just throw my arms down.” 
	“They’re an exception.  I’ll gladly pick up a gun myself to kill zombies.  But I don’t want you to be in combat like you have been.” 
	Zack folded his arms. “I’ll think about it.” 
	“Don’t keep me waiting, Zack.  Don’t break my heart.” 
	“I’d never break your heart, because mine would break too.” 
	“Thank you,” she saw him take a step toward her.  Eyes closed, her lips puckered.  The two exchanged a short kiss. “Good luck.” 
	“I’ll be back soon,” He closed the door behind.  Already his mind was made up.  He didn’t want to be a killer to begin with, yet the circumstances didn’t allow any other options prior.  Not until Fort Carson could he pull himself out of the line of fire.  And by their return, that was all he really wanted to do. 
	Out the door, his eyes swept across the balcony to find Miguel sitting at the table. “How is it this morning?” 
	Miguel’s monotone, emotionless answer was almost instant. “It’s starting to cool down.” Eyes fell to the floor. 
	“How are you doing?” 
	Miguel’s jaw slid both ways. “Couldn’t be better,” he lied.  The words looser than wet cement didn’t bear any veracity in Zack’s hearing. 
	“Don’t lie to me.” 
	“I thought I’d be over it by now.  She wouldn’t even hear me talk.  I wanted to be there for her.” 
	“Everybody wanted to be there for her.” The conversation drawn to Audrey’s suicide didn’t make him feel any better than barely hearing he was going to be a father. “But we can’t change it now.  Thinking about Audrey is just going to drive you insane.” 
	“I guess you aren’t worried about that,” Miguel shot him a dry stare. “Savannah’s still alive, after all.” 
	“If you need someone to talk to--” 
	“There’s nothing to talk about.  Words won’t bring any of them back to life.” The boy rose from his stance. “Only a handful of us could be so lucky.  It’s not me, nor Rob, Jake, or Derek.  What did you lose from all this?” 
	Zack’s head fell forward. “You think I didn’t lose anything from all this?” 
	“No,” Miguel was irate. “You got off easy.” 
	Zack shook his head and walked past his counterpart. “My whole family was living in Long Beach when the bomb went off.” He left without another word.  Miguel didn’t have the will to apologize.  Such words were never heard by any.  Everyone had lost something by all this.  Emptied of all previous ties, their cups could only be filled by the people they once only regarded as coworkers.  But twice emptied, Miguel didn’t have the will to fill it a third time.  Life was lived by risks, but so many risks left little if any reward at the end of this road. 
	Walking down the concrete pathway, his vision soon met that of Brooke and Robert still talking.  She acknowledged his presence with a wave. “Good morning, Zack.” 
	Zack tipped his head in response, though no words were returned.  Up the stairs, both could see something on his mind. “Hey, Captain, Bobby.” 
	“I’m not a Captain anymore,” Brooke reflected with a smirk at Robert. 
	Robert returned an enthused grin back at her. “What’s up?” 
	The kid took a moment to answer. “Savannah told me something a few minutes ago.  I’m afraid to tell you I won’t be a part of combat anymore.” 
	“Why?” 
	With a gulp, “She’s pregnant.  Before you jump to any conclusions, you’ll still have me at your side if zombies attack.  But she doesn’t want me to risk my life if we get in another firefight.” 
	This was the best and worst news Robert could hear at the same time.  Both conflicted in his mind, thus bringing forth a mixed complexion to his face. “I’m glad for you, Zack, I really am.  But since Chris and Vic died, I’ve only got so many people to hold off an assault.” 
	“This is non-debatable, Rob.  Savannah wants me to be at her side when we have this kid.” 
	Robert’s subconscious choked.  The same words had been delivered by his wife.  Strange, how he’d kept his promise to stay alive and she somehow died before him.  It wasn’t right, how the murderer kept breathing while the faithful had returned to her father in heaven. “Okay,” he nodded his head.  Even though he couldn’t be granted the gift of holding a son or daughter, he wouldn’t infringe the choice of another to achieve such commitment. “Keep her safe, Zack.  Life is frail.” 
	“I feel bad telling you about this.” 
	“Why?” 
	“Because Nikki died before she could deliver.  And I can’t bear to lose Savannah.  I’m sorry you never had the chance to see your kid.” 
	“Don’t apologize, Zack.  Just do as I said and don’t let anything evil come between you and her.” 
	“Thank you,” Zack turned around.  His words had been delivered, now he just had to bring the news to Jacob.  His only worry was how a marine would take Zack’s retirement from combat.  Such a choice was better to him.  Bringing a new life into the world, compared to ending the wicked lives that infested it. 
	Brooke spotted a wide beam on Robert’s face. “What’s so funny?” 
	A scoff, “Zack doesn’t look like a daddy.  He looks more like a frightened kid.” 
	“That’s because he is.  Don’t worry about him, Rob.  More than enough of us know how to raise a child if it’s too much for both of them.  And I guarantee it will be too much.” 
	In a Forrest Gump mock, “Life is like a box of condoms: you never know which one’s going to break.” 
	“You’re such a smartass.” 
	“I only learn from Jacob these days--” their talk was cut brief by a sudden and desperate message. 
	“Bobby, come in!” Derek’s tone over the radio never bore so much fear. 
	“What is it?” 
	Derek slowed his pace to turn around.  What five minutes ago was a collection of just over fifty bodies, three times as many started to converge from near every direction in the forest. “I’ve got a problem.” To his front, another dozen zombies were licking their lips.  A living soul, fresh meat to all. “More than a hundred zombies, coming at me from all sides.” 
	Robert tried to word a response, yet Jacob’s reply cut him off. “Where are you?” 
	As an undead reached a hand to grab him, the man slipped less than an inch from a terminable fingernail.  One bullet through the side of the temple dropped his foe.  A splatter of coagulated blood stained his jeans and shirt. “A couple miles north of you.” 
	“That’s not really specific,” Jacob’s legs were already thrown over a dirt bike.  On his back, a loaded M4 carbine crossed to a CheyTac Intervention sniper system, both strapped tightly to his person. 
	“I’m not really focused on my surroundings.  These woods all look the same.” Ejecting another bullet, his pistol registered empty once more. “That isn’t good.” The words never rang truer, as he was down to his final magazine of ammunition and his foes showed no signs of lax numbers.  The twenty-two on his back still had sufficient ammunition, but it was meant for medium to long range.  As of now, he was no stranger to undead clawing their hands and dropping their jaws to show jagged, blood-stained incisors.  The rifle would better serve as a club in these conditions. 
	Robert felt his legs carrying him forward.  His cousin, regardless of action, was still a member of their family.  No matter how many zombies he may have inadvertently led to the outpost, Robert would never leave Derek behind. “I’m on my way,” his glance turned to see a look of worry on Brooke’s face. 
	“Be careful.” 
	“I always am,” Rob confided to her. “Keep everyone safe.” His journey crossed paths with Zack sooner than either anticipated.  As he sprinted past Zack, “Get your gun, Zack.  Derek’s got a lot of zombies on his tail.” 
	“He can handle them,” Zack shook his head and stopped in place. 
	Robert skidded to a halt. “What did you say?” 
	“He’s a big boy, Rob.  He can take care of himself.  And I’m not putting myself on the line for that piece of shit.” 
	“This isn’t debatable,” Robert found himself returning the words to Zack spoken only moments prior. “Derek’s family, no matter what.” 
	“Your family, maybe.  Not mine.” 
	Robert was enraged to hear Zack denying assistance to one of their own.  By Derek’s actions, serious repercussions led to Audrey’s depression and suicide.  For several years, both she and Zack had kindled a close friendship.  Her sudden death left a hole, and a finger to point.  Now that it came down to life or death for another, Robert admitted himself to view the neglect of Zack’s nature. “Have it your way,” Robert turned away from the kid. 
	With three targets ahead of him, Derek was down to the last two bullets in his pistol.  The nearest two were considerably close to take either slug precisely.  The third was where the problem inlaid.  Sidearm holstered, he subsequently removed the strap of his rifle.  By the barrel he gripped tightly.  Summoning enough strength, the weapon swung with more force than a bat on home base. 
	With such power, the weapon’s barrel was bent.  However, the deed had been done by external force.  The rifle stock, bruised from its final act, was sufficient to shatter the zombie’s skull.  But at an extreme cost, for he was entirely out of ammunition save his knife.  And bringing a short blade to a zombie fight could be classified as a mindless suicide. 
	Derek dropped into a dead sprint from his stance.  Behind him, a sea of gold eyes and endless moans pursued slowly.  Though he wasn’t tired by any means of physical exertion, the reality of being unarmed against so many zombies brought his heart to pound heavily.  A moment taken to glance back at his pursuing foes, his eyes turned back to see several more bodies of the same stature at his front.  Both sides had monsters walking loose and uncoordinated. 
	“Robert,” his voice was calm. “If this is the last time I talk to you, I’m sorry.” 
	Two miles away, Robert could barely hear the feedback of his radio, though the words echoed clear.  Back at the camp, Zack was privy to hear the same report from Mitch’s radio.  Suddenly it struck him with hurricane force. 
	As an undead crossed within three feet of Derek’s location the blade lifted to strike his first foe.  The creature swung an arm, though Derek had agility over the rotting corpse.  His movements circled the beast as it recovered and growled ferociously.  The moment of opportunity arose in which Derek plunged the dagger through the zombie’s neck. 
	With the correct placement, all of the creature’s limbs went numb.  His foe was paralyzed from the neck down. “Thank you, Lord.” It was a chance trying to sever a zombie’s spinal cord for two reasons.  The first, a zombie always approached facing its prey.  Getting behind one required precision and speed, as well as anticipating what the zombie would do when it was in range to strike.  The last was taking in whether a zombie could even be paralyzed.  Placement became crucial to cause full paralysis, a facet which he was lucky enough to exploit on his first try. 
	The zombie’s head continued to flail as his jaws screamed for the victim it could no longer reach.  Derek never shot it a second glance.  His knife back in place, he watched as his next three opponents closed in as one.  This was a new situation.  Fighting alone with a blade did little to nothing against three people who couldn’t feel pain and needed to do little but cross a fingernail to bare skin. 
	As they crossed the threshold of two feet, Derek’s vision faded into black and his world went silent.  To cringe his own defeat, he didn’t want it be painful.  But what other choice did he have?  Not even a mercy bullet to end himself before it came.  A set of footsteps brought a foul stench he couldn’t bear to smell.  So he held his breath and anticipated the stinging pain of teeth munching on him. 
	Rather than feel the agony of being eaten alive, his eyes snapped to attention at the sound of a loud gunshot.  Twenty meters away just off the roadside, Jacob delivered a precision shot, though at the fearful cost of waiting until the last second.  All three heads crossed at once in his scope, prompting the tap of his trigger.  Derek took a step back, perplexed at how they fell as one in an instant.  His head swung about to see the source of the gunshot. 
	“You don’t get to die on me today,” Jacob called over the radio.  Derek let a breath escape from his mind.  Clean of any wounds inflicted by the zombies.  He almost wished his own end.  But through and through, Jacob wouldn’t allow such a pitiful or cruel way to go out.  Taking it in, he sent the marine a smile which was easily caught through the scope. “Bobby,” Jacob lowered his weapon, “I found Derek.  But he wasn’t lying.  There’s at least two hundred heads walking straight toward us.” 
	Robert slowed to a stop only a few seconds afterwards.  His eyes had also discerned several straggling bodies crossing the roadway on an intercept for Jacob too.  From the bike, he instantly drew his own pistol to eliminate three threats only a yardstick’s length from Jacob’s kneel.  He was busy pounding out more shots and giving Derek clear access to regroup. “Is he good?” 
	“Unclear,” Jacob replied silently.  Through his crosshairs, he spotted Derek hop over the strewn out bodies cleared away by the sniper with six more bullets.  A thin path of ten feet was more than wide enough for Derek to slip through. “He may have been scratched before I showed up.” 
	Derek slowed to a stop at their side.  His breath was heavy. “How you doing?” Robert held out an arm. 
	“I’m alright.” 
	“You sure about that?” Jacob’s vision grew determined to find an answer. 
	Though he may have missed a source of pain with adrenaline rushing, both arms to the fingertips were checked for a bite or scratch.  No clothing was ripped, save for his own missteps trying to elude them. “Yeah,” Derek nodded.  In the next moment Jake’s M4 was thrust into Derek’s chest.  He took it without a word. 
	Robert let a sigh of relief pass out of the view of his cousin.  He raised his M110 to take up the absence of fire in Jacob’s reload. “How’d they find you?” Rob asked after dropping three nearby targets. 
	“I woke up and they were in my campsite.  I only saw three of them.” Derek aimed down the rifle and dropped another four stepping up from the opposite side of the road. “Bobby.” 
	“What?” Robert turned his head from the scope. 
	“I’m sorry.  I led them straight to us.” 
	“What happened to your rifle?” 
	“Out of commission.” 
	“This is way more than the three of us can handle.” He reached for his radio. “All combat personnel, move to hold the north perimeter.” It was grave to hear himself saying it.  Little stood there, naught but three barbed wires stretched over the terrain. “We’ve got a large concentration of undead heading our way.” 
	“Copy that,” Lexie was first to respond. 
	Before another could fill the line, Derek’s view caught every direction spawning movement. “We’re about to be overrun.” 
	In Jacob’s arrival, there were less than a dozen heads ignoring the wearer of a distinct ghillie suit.  Less than a minute later the same path he had used was clogging itself shut at the rear. “We can’t get cut off, fall back.” The finish of his second magazine prompted the marine back onto his bike.  His neck snapped at Derek to board the vehicle as well. 
	Robert was only a foot behind Jacob’s bike for the hectic escape.  Upwards of fifteen zombies collected, staggering their route away from this hell.  Derek’s fire did minimal at best.  A last ditch effort saw Jacob drawing his own revolver to drop a target straight ahead two meters.  Though the bullet didn’t burden the accuracy to destroy the zombie’s brain, placement in the chest transferred enough force from the slug and put the corpse on its back.  All he needed was a clearing. 
	Through a minimal threshold, all three squeezed by to avoid contact.  A final wall until they were safe.  Robert felt a piece of fabric swipe over his arm with a parting gift of one undead raising a hand to strike him.  Luckily, the action didn’t follow through.  Not a scratch on his arm, not a hint of broken flesh. ‘Thank you, Nikki,’ a subconscious statement he knew bore her witness. 
	A minute later, both bikes tore back into the camp.  Just through the gate, Jacob quickly closed and locked it down. “Is everyone in position?” He requested over his radio. 
	Combined to eleven, three teams had spread out into the forest peeking through the brush.  Commanding the first, Mitch was closest with Miguel and Wayne spread five feet in either direction.  Though the ex-soldier slacked his view, Miguel had his eyes wide for the first sign of movement. “How far out are they?” Mitch asked. 
	“Five, ten minutes,” Robert guessed. 
	Mitch gave Derek a look, but it didn’t warrant anger or frustration. “I heard what you said over the line,” a hint of remorse. “You okay?” 
	“I wasn’t exposed,” Derek smirked, “But thanks for asking.” 
	“We may hate you for some things, but one thing’s clear: regardless of our sins, we’re still in the same sinking ship.” 
	Twenty meters away, Lexie’s squad of four were set up a few paces north of Chris’ camp estate.  In fact, Zack had taken to the second floor window with a long rifle in hand.  Even though the edge of the forest may have been a few strides away, he could focus on multiple targets from an elevated location.  And if Jacob was right, they were going to need all they eyes and ears they could.
	Lexie tapped her radio. “This is Lexie, we’re set up at Chris’ house.” Looking southwest through the brush, she could vaguely discern six people. 
	Taking up the final line thirty meters further.  Their spread was in thicker of brush, but all were confident with their accuracy.  Farad had taken charge of three others, all moderate to excellent shooters.  Benjamin stood nearby with a content look on his face.  Beside them, both Joe and Heather were still loading up their rifles. “Farad here, we’re covering the east flank.” 
	“Copy that,” Jake replied. “You ready for this?” His question aimed to Robert. 
	Robert hesitated. “Outpost Seven was created to survive the undead.  Now we get to see if it can stand the test.” 
	“I don’t remember your outpost starting out like this,” a nod to the M4 in Derek’s hands. 
	Both Robert and Derek exchanged a look.  The marine was correct.  To start off, they worked with a dozen or so twenty-two long rifles and a seemingly endless account of small caliber bullets.  More than a year since the survival plan’s birth had passed before zombies had come close to threatening the survivors’ existence.  Their tools and methods had sufficiently evolved.  But would it be enough?

Day 395 Part II 
Thousand Yard Stare

	“Contact,” Zack called it in from his perch.  Through the second floor window of what used to be Audrey’s room he could see patches of movement in the forest density between each squad.  The sight of two eyes doused in a gold ember brought his spine to shiver.  Seeing an undead soul looking directly back at him never struck him this way before.  With an army at his back and no signs of relent, the reality of the situation struck him.  The undead had found outpost seven. 
	From the slightest squeeze, he dropped his first target.  Not a moment was spared with him examining a lifeless corpse on the ground.  There were plenty more where one was out of the picture.  His next movements were expelling of the empty cartridge and chambering a sequel.  Confidence could be swallowed in too much of a dosage, which spurred his follow-up to miss the next target by a fraction of an inch. “Damn it,” he swore as he loaded the next bullet. 
	By the time anyone on the ground could obtain first sight, Zack had finished off a five-round magazine and dropped three from their enemies’ ranks.  And when they appeared, their presence was more of a wave.  An ocean of disease marching blindly into bullets.  The real question was how many zombies would continue to flood toward them?  And would they have enough bullets to dam that flood? 
	Robert and Jacob could give direct fire on more distant opponents through the brush.  Distribution of fire was coordinated and taken in slow.  Everyone was sure to examine potential targets before launching fire.  Should someone have already put that one down, they were careful on most occasions to conserve ammunition.  Unfortunately, zombies were harder to hit than many anticipated. 
	Miguel lowered his rifle.  Five gunshots fired to put one zombie down for good.  Headshots were the hardest at medium to long distances with iron sights.  Considering a zombie’s lack of muscle mass, their heads were prone to randomly swing on a loose axis. “They need to get closer,” he said to himself. 
	Derek, for the first time, found his own gunshots straying loose from the endless sum of heads.  They flinched to body-shots, but a 5.56 didn’t pack the punch to put a human on the ground. “Hate to say it,” in response to Miguel’s statement, “you’re right.” 
	Only two bullets out of his rifle, Robert was privy to the same conversation while changing magazines in a kneel. “We give them another foot, they’re gonna swarm like a wildfire.” 
	“It’s already a flash-fire,” Jacob’s peering eye never evaded the scope.  As an undead took another step and its head slid through the crosshairs, minimal pressure squeezed a round downrange.  The mark left with a shattered skull and shredded brain matter, fell to its knees before plopping face-first to the ground. “We might as well give them a few more feet.  No use wasting everyone’s fire on air and less-than-lethal shots.” 
	Robert took a moment to accept it.  He hated giving the enemy another foot on a frontline.  A mindless, never-ending race of infected species, though unable to contemplate even common sense, were a horror by sheer numbers.  At last word, they could see about two hundred.  Considerate of the virus’ omnipotence calculated another three hundred bodies attracted to muzzle-blasts and the incessant moans of undead. 
	The space of four minutes passed like hours.  Every shot fired was a chance they took.  Footsteps of zombies slimmed their distance to within ten feet of the gates.  As bodies compiled, members tripped over removed threats numbering past fifty.  However the undead didn’t taper off easily despite the original hopes and expectations of many.  Through Zack’s peripheral, multitudes continued to approach from varying directions north of the complex. 
	As the space closed to five feet, the coordination of fire was all but thrown out the window, replaced by near fully automatic fire.  In following, the aim of most of the outpost’s defenders became more and more erratic.  Heather had to switch off to an M9 Beretta when her magazine clicked empty.  She already heard Ben reporting his reload a second earlier.  When the target dropped, she all but ignored, for behind another three were walking at an eager pace.  Heather backpedaled one step. “We need to fall back,” 
	Ben and Joseph were both in agreement at that moment.  Farad finished his magazine with precision before his view fell upon the rest of the team.  With the determination of them withdrawing from the frontline, he was quick to follow. “This is Farad, we’re retreating to secondary.” 
	“Copy that.” Lexie answered, not a trace of woe in her tone.  Her team of four was spread out in the front yard of Chris’ house.  Zombies centering the concentration had broken through the barbed wire fence.  Through their closing space, bullets echoed across the valley.  Zack may have been a useful sniper with his twenty-two, but a bolt action rifle had a shelf life with this many opponents outnumbering them.  He switched over to a carbine.  It didn’t have a precision scope, but enough time had made him just as good a rifleman as Robert. 
	Zombies compiled, flooding a nearby shed in rotting undead beings.  Another moan, this time almost in unison as Lexie and Justin were spotted by two.  Their eyes had been on the echoed noises of the rifle in the second floor until this point.  She raised her aim, only to register an empty click.  Her eyes swung back to see Justin with his weapon lifted.  Two bullets pumped out of his barrel.  Though the first impacted one’s chest, the second was raised sufficiently to strike their foe in the head.  His peripheral changed only enough to launch another two.  The second fell limp only an inch from Lexie’s foot. 
	“Thanks,” she sent him a grin. 
	“Don’t mention it,” 
	A small window granted them ample time to breathe. “Zack, get out of there.  You’re about to be overrun.” 
	“Copy that,” Zack was half way down the stairs with a Desert Eagle in his grip.  A weapon that Jacob had entrusted him weeks earlier.  At the base of the stairs, he was caught off guard by a random arm swinging at him.  The kid fell on his back while the weapon lifted to target his foe.  Aiming didn’t matter with the stopping power of a fifty caliber slug and avoiding the infection was mandatory.  The single bullet raised his barrel considerably from recoil while his ears rang by the compressed location of its discharge.  As his back hit the deck, he was momentarily disoriented.  Several feet away, a zombie fell to the floor. 
	A loud moan, maybe out of irritation.  The damage done by the shot would have killed a living human in the moment.  Through the gaping hole, degraded remains of a human heart peeked out through coagulated blood.  Numb to any pain, the zombie raised its head.  Zack clambered to his feet in half the time it took him to fall.  Out the door, another zombie was barely stepping across the patio.  Once again his shot didn’t maintain the accuracy, but general range in the chest put the corpse on its back for whatever it was worth. 
	In the blink of an eye, he was shooting past the rest of his team.  Lexie led the rest of her crew in a steady walk.  At this rate, their next position at the dining hall would give them the space of fifty feet. “This is Lexie,” she sent over her walkie, “My team is repositioning.” 
	By this time zombies trotting in pursuit from the roadway reached the gate.  Derek and Jacob were able to manage numbers passing a dozen.  A few yards down from the gate, the three barbed wires were trampled by unceasing numbers.  The crowd didn’t seem to end.  Thickness of brush prevented them from seeing the end of the crowd. 
	Robert changed magazines for the sixth time.  This clip happened to be his last for the weapon.  Despite the concentration required to maintain composure, he also found several gunshots strafing free of his targets.  All made contact, but a third of his shots were less than lethal to a zombie.  His next bullet locked in place.  Down the range of a distance the zombies compressed to ten feet. 
	Without the benefit of aiming down his scope, Robert squeezed the trigger.  A growling zombie’s eyes faded in no collection, his head snapped back by the slug’s penetration to the brain.  Little but a heartbeat accepted the satisfaction of removing another threat.  Two more seemed to multiply in the absence of a mindless drone.  Robert took several steps back.  Miguel stood weapon raised, a distance wider from his comrade than the populace of undead. 
	“Pull back,” Robert said loud enough for Miguel to hear.  The Hispanic boy nodded without a word.  Eyes kept focused on the approaching parties while the final rounds were expelled into bobbing heads. 
	“I’ve got to reload,” Miguel felt his pace jump another stride before a new clip was in hand. 
	“Jake,” his head swung one way, then the other. “Mitch, retreat to Yavapai.” 
	“Copy that,” Mitch rose from his stance.  His body jerked backwards a step to narrowly avoid the infected and degraded fingernails of a swinging hand.  Proximity to an incurable disease brought his hair to rise.  A stride away, Wayne was quick to draw his sidearm and put Mitch’s attacker down in two shots. 
	“You good,” Wayne was already backing up. 
	Mitch let a deep breath from his lungs before following. “For now.” 
	Last in line to retreat, Jacob’s moment taken to look away from the battlefield and fit a new set of bullets in his rifle was all too much.  As his head lifted, he spotted two zombies standing close enough to produce a foul odor of bodily decay.  Not even enough time to draw his pistol.  An obtrusive horror of gleaming yellow irises faded, replaced by the face of Alyssa.  Staring down his doom, Jacob was glad to have his life flash before his eyes.  Because his life was his daughter, and reuniting with her was his only wish since her death. 
	His opportunity to die and seal his fate didn’t come.  Instead, the gunfire of a nearby rifle took up the silence of his hallucination.  As they snapped back, he was witness to see both bodies fall. “Damn you,” his swear was unheard to Derek. 
	“Now we’re even,” Derek chuckled.  He spun about with Jake less than a stride behind. 
	“This is a lot worse than I thought it would be.” 
	Derek grunted angrily upon seeing the fields compacted with undead bodies, killed corpses matching ones still trampling into the outpost. “This is my fault.” 
	“Don’t go there,” Jacob wouldn’t accept any such self-degradation. “Could have happened to anyone.” 
	“Yeah, but it was me.  I led them right to us.” 
	“If you hadn’t called it in,” Jacob ejected two empty cartridges from his .357 during their slow but steady retreat.  No point exhausting yourself running away from your target, and especially not with the coordination required to hit a moving person at a distance. “You would have died out there.” 
	“Maybe that was supposed to happen,” Derek felt ashamed he could even speak. “I could have made the sacrifice…and the rest of you might have survived.” 
	Jacob scoffed. “Believe whatever you need to, Derek.  But don’t blame yourself during the war.  You’ve got plenty of time to cry when we’re done killing these things.  This crowd would have been out there anyway, least with you we got a warning.” As Jacob slipped through the door where he could hear Robert already launching sniper fire from the ventilation unit.  For some reason Derek lost the momentum.  His gaze spun across a landscape.
	The undead had broken through their lines.  Zombies were tripping over the camp’s crushed fencing before dizzily relocating their feet.  Across the massive crowd, random bodies would flinch from gunfire inside the dining hall.
	Jacob was a few steps inside before he was greeted by Lexie.  The Staff Sergeant turned her view from outside an opposite window. “Having a good morning?” 
	“Wouldn’t trade it for the world,” Jacob replied cynically.
	“Anybody bit?” 
	Jacob shook his head. “They’re about two minutes from the east.” He peered out to see Zack alongside two other staffers firing in a line at approaching foes. “How much space you got?” 
	“Sixty seconds at best.” 
	Jacob turned his eyes.  The entire party was stocked up inside the dining hall, save for some shooters outside firing north. “We hold this line.”
	 “We’re gonna get cut off, Jake.  Rob says we can’t get surrounded.” 
	“We’re not going to get surrounded, Lexie…we’re going to decide this battle right here.” 
	Lexie smirked. “Devil dogs.” She returned to her post at the northeast corner. 
	Jacob ran up the stairs leading to Robert’s nest.  Through the door, Rob tipped his hat before sending the last bullets from his M110. “I’m out of shells.” 
	Jacob didn’t hesitate to throw his own rifle at Robert.  Robert almost dropped it, hardly expecting the gesture. “We’re going to hold them off here.” 
	The sniper returned his eye to the weapon scope only for a moment.  The ideal spurred him to make eye contact with Jake. “I hope so.” 
	“I know so,” the marine threw him a pair of magazines for the rifle.  Before Rob could even acknowledge his appreciation, his company was sole again.  He took a deep breath.  The weapon fit snug into his bearing.  Down the scope, he locked on a bobbing head.  A simple squeeze, followed by a brief recoil determined another zombie out of commission.  Slide, lock, aim.
	Downstairs Jacob was instantly spotted by Mitch. “What’s your status?” 
	“We’re all good to go.” 
	“Glad to hear it.  What’s our next fallback position.” 
	“There isn’t one,” Jacob spoke honestly. “We’re going to hold them off here.” Mitch among several others were perplexed to hear Jacob say this.  The eyes of six men and women, Army fatigues among them, stared at the marine questioningly. 
	“Are you sure this will work?” Lexie asked quietly. “By now, there could be more than a thousand zombies right outside.” 
	“Single shots only, nobody lose their head.” He raised an M4 to drop the first foe.  A zombie peering through a window fell as part of the glass pane fractured. “One of us for seventy of them is a lot fairer a fight than you think.  Remember, zombies can’t shoot back.” 
	Lexie sighed. “I hope you’re right about this.” She turned to face the majority of combat shooters. “Eyes on all access points.  Check your ammo, this is going to be a long morning.”
	Less than a minute after Lexie’s orders were administered, all teams were positioned.  Few shot their weapons at any zombies crossing outside.  Their focus was conservation of ammunition.  And firing on a target walking parallel was a surefire way to miss.  The echo of Jacob’s rifle continued to pound off coordinated gunfire at zombies crossing the northeast corner. 
	Zack’s head swiveled just enough to see Miguel. “You ready for this?” 
	“I never would have thought killing the dead makes me feel so alive.” 
	“Confusing world we live in,” he removed a loaded carbine and checked it to be full. 
	Miguel couldn’t resist. “Not as confusing as the Obama administration.” 
	Bangs against the doors didn’t provide the undead entry.  Thick steel that only opened outward.  Enough pressure could break anything down though.  If they were up against as many zombies as all had come to expect, those doors wouldn’t keep them out.  Windows lining the entirety of the dining hall were another problem.  Most, if not all, had screens put up.  Vision outside was limited to shadows and vague identifications by keen eyes.
	Visceral moans began to encircle the dining hall.  It appeared they were focused on Robert’s gunfire.  Lexie shut her eyes and tried to block out the sound.  Jacob was just about finished with another task of his.  While waiting, he’d been sliding fresh bullets into his emptied assault rifle magazine. 
	Mitch took a deep breath through his nose, eyes staring down the dining hall for signs of entry. “Derek,” he spoke softly. 
	Two feet beside in an identical kneel, Derek’s peripheral raced around the room for a moment. “What is it?” 
	“If this is our last stand…I love you, man.” 
	Derek turned his head to face Mitch. “The feeling’s mutual, dear,” he said with a smirk.  A few seconds later, the silence was broken.  From the southwest edge of the dining hall, a pane of glass shattered on tile flooring. 
	Jacob, less than three feet away from the source, lifted the .357 from its holster and delivered a precise shot through a clear opening.  Many members of different teams ducked by the revolver’s discharge.  Few swayed their eyes from their side.  Thirteen members, all had hands tearing from one end of the screened glass to the other.  A scant moment after Jacob fired his weapon, another window crashed violently. 
	Eight feet away from the sudden opening in their blind defense, Zack’s barrel swung to face an invading arm.  Cool breath drew in his lungs, his right eye fixed perfectly down iron sights.  His target’s forehead slipped through the hole and prompted him to shoot.  An empty cartridge fell to the floor in unison with a corpse evicted of its undead sickness.  In the blink of an eye, three more panes shattered.  With every head that appeared through each opening, somebody always had their aim locked.  Letting the zombies surround them may have been a mistake, but they had the advantage to shoot more accurately with more rifles centered on the action. 
	Robert pulled the slide back to fill another bullet.  Six shots counted, that meant he was down to one.  Through the scope he easily discerned zombies starting to push into the building.  His use as a sniper was all but finished, left a single bullet.  A deep breath stilled his aim moments before his final mark centered in the crosshairs.  He dropped his aim without further recognition of whether his target was hit.  He was out of loaded ammunition for any sniper system, so his use as a sharpshooter didn’t match his requirement below.  They were going to need all the help they could get. 
	After two minutes passed in hectic, chaotic spurts of gunfire followed by short, silent anticipations, many were greeted by another setback.  Both double-doors of the north corner were forced inward within a few moments of each other.  Immediately a dozen corpses dragged quickly into the auditorium. 
	Robert, farthest from the opening, remained the first to respond.  The shrill crunch of metal being pressured against the hinges. “Breach!” He screamed the instant before firing three bullets.  His pull of the trigger was controlled, though only two of his targets were neutralized by his gunfire.  At the same moment they fell, three more along with the missed target growled at the sight of living beings. 
	Lexie and Terrence turned on the spot.  They had been dropping targets through the windows, though only the most accurate of shots.  For the most part they were waiting for the first breach.  With the spin of their heads they were greeted by the fall of two and the overshadowing fear of a dozen crowding the severed doorway.  Fully automatic fire ejected from both of their rifles a moment before Zack or Justin even discerned the direction of fire. 
	As quickly as the floodgates seemed to open, the collective fire of all were blocking the crowd of zombies at the threshold.  But every team focused on one side left every other door out of sight.  In another second, more glass was breaking, and another door had been pushed opened by the crowds.  Both sides of the north end would be consumed first. 
	Moments before hearing the sound, Heather felt the loud and empty recoil of an empty magazine.  Her eyes peered over the shoulder to witness multiple targets moving at a much faster pace than before.  The less decomposed and more agile had found their way to the lead.  Heather raised a pistol from its holster.  The weapon was held in both hands while arms outstretched to focus on the nearest target.  Her first shot was quickly met with success and the gratitude of more gunfire ripping through the air at her sides. 
	Jacob stood from a distance.  His fire had also been coordinated on both ends of the breach, but he continued to watch the entirety of the dining hall for more intrusion.  It came in the worst of forms.  Derek stood at the edge of the line from inside the kitchen.  Both he and Mitch were keeping an eye on the staff door for it’s potential break-in.  The same that soon fell victim to inward push. “Incoming,” Mitch screamed “back door!” 
	The marine looked back to see Mitch holding off a crowd at the kitchen choke while Derek fervently lowered the metal curtain.  After what seemed like ages toying with the trap, it latched. “Okay,” Derek said with his rifle back in hand.  His ear had all but gone deaf from Mitch firing in the confined interior so close.  Just as quickly as he’d closed the curtain, Derek’s rifle was back in hand to double the firepower. 
	“Good timing,” Mitch removed another clip from his weapon after releasing a single bullet. “Let’s go,” Mitch stepped through the swinging door and bolted it shut after Derek exited.  Both dropped to a knee ten feet back from the door.  They knew just as well it would give in to pressure. 
	A team of seven, plus some stray support from other members had kept both of the break-ins at a slowly recessing gap.  But the best days could end on the worst notes.  An hour ago, Derek was dreaming about his son and daughter.  The football star and cheerleader in high school, before everything went wrong.  Strange to even think they were his kids the way either of them went.  He took a moment of silence to regurgitate such memories.  He wanted his end to be peaceful.  Derek shut his eyes…the bolt snapped like butter only moments after the first undead reached it.  Their flank had been exposed. 
	The teams drawing support fire were shocked to see it finally happening to them.  This is where their final stand arose.  Which of them would be infected?  While all feared the presence of death lurking only feet away, many had come to terms with their situations.  Some only wished for a beautiful end, while others knew the current statistic for chances of survival today.  Death loomed around every corner, its grasp cunning and deceptive.
	Floodgates opening on all sides, the concentration of single fire shots had all but disappeared.  Every weapon was firing near full auto at the converging masses.  A riot of more than a hundred coming through three openings were sure to overwhelm.  Within a matter of seconds, all but a few of the weapons clicked empty.  This space gave the zombies another few feet and forced Lexie’s squad of seven to retreat to Jacob.
	“Is this where we hold them, sir?” Lexie’s remark was sardonic, but serious altogether.  Surrounded by the undead.  That was how they always got you. “We’re down to our last mags.” 
	Jacob took a deep breath, “I’m not doing much better.” 
	“What can we do?” 
	“Not a lot of options, but my gut says kill them all however you can!” 
	Before anyone knew it, all had their backs planted against each other.  Zack pulled the trigger nine times.  He hit six of his targets, but this dropped him with no more rifle ammunition.  His entire life had changed less than an hour ago when he heard of Savannah’s pregnancy.  Now, he was staring down his end with an empty gun.  What would happen to her after this was over?  He wasn’t about to find out from a spiritual perspective. 
	Zack threw the rifle down and picked up the silence with his sidearm.  Required to pull the trigger with every shot, he was glad to make up for the spent casings.  The gap shut to ten feet, giving him a wide range of accuracy.  His pounding heart, sweating brow, and tortured hearing of persistent groans didn’t cause fault.  He’d be a valiant fighter, and he’d do whatever it took to assure Savannah’s survival.  Only problem was, he didn’t want to die for it.  As a result, more than half of his bullets were fatal to approaching undead.  But the silence of having to reload yet again brought back the same adrenaline rush. 
	Jacob and the majority of others were focused on a conglomerate pushing inward from the kitchen.  The number of zombies had tripled in an instant to the point of flooding.  Piles of dead corpses stocked up at the entryways proved a useless asset for holding them off.  Jake accounted for every last round of his own magazine.  Twenty five out of twenty eight had been used up.  He was down to his last two shots for this, then it was all down to his sidekick.  He hated to admit, but for the first time in more than two decades…he was wrong. 
	Robert shifted his eyes back across the unit of thirteen others.  Few had a spark of hope in their eyes, peppering off shots with pistols.  The spread was beyond control.  It was all but over.  Robert shut his eyes, hoping to find solace in the dreamscape of before.  Hoping Nicole would console his final moments.  It was a sensation bordering irritation to prove himself wrong again moments later. 
	A glimmer flashed across three adjacent panes, causing more than half of the firing squad to question its origin.  The loud blare of a vehicle honking precluded only moments before the pale Humvee burst through the plywood and glass.  It’s direction blasted head on into the crowd assimilating through the two original entries. 
	“So much for the security deposit,” Dan said from the driver’s seat.  He ran over a considerable number of zombies before crunching to a stop in the middle of the dining hall.  More than half of them would be back on their crumpled bodies in seconds. 
	Melanie turned her head after throwing a pistol into Daniel’s hand. “Time to earn your stripes,” Daniel rolled his eyes before clutching the firearm in his grip. “Just remember to shoot the dead ones.” Melanie rose from the roof, where both hands ensnared the trigger mechanism for the chain-gun on the roof.  Gunfire shredded into the crowds with relentless endeavor.  Whether they were incapacitating or not didn’t matter.  The size of the rounds and their velocity was sufficient to sever limbs.  She squeezed her hands in the grips before she took aim. 
	Artillery deafened the crowded dining hall.  Jacob didn’t hesitate to fish in the back seat for something.  A moment later, it was found in the form of a fresh clip of ammo. “Lock and load.” He was first around the truck to send fire on the advancing zombies coming from the kitchen. 
	Robert was only a moment behind.  He was confused at first.  The driver seemed to be firing a pistol, yet nobody else had that make of hair that wasn’t here already. “Danny?” Rob asked through the open door. 
	The surgeon sent him a glance, “Load up,” 
	“You’re shooting?” 
	“Pacifism isn’t exactly in right now.” 
	Robert chuckled as he fit his own gun with fresh lead.  There were plenty more where that came from.  And the power of Melanie on the chain-gun alone was pushing back all sides of the invading force.  An invading force that seemed to level off barely a minute after the humvee’s surprise entrance.  All but two of the shooters were stocked up with ammunition and able to determine every crawling zombie and those with brains intact enough to require a kill shot. 
	The group left the remains of a bloody battlefield.  Jacob, two steps out the door, already had a cigarette between his lips. “That was my mistake, everyone,” he acknowledged openly. “We should have pulled back to the cabins when we had the chance.” 
	“Don’t put it on yourself,” Derek took a step forward. “This was my mistake.  I caused this whole mess.  Because of me, Chris and Audrey are gone,” 
	Robert shook his head, “Derek, don’t--” 
	“I have to,” Derek interrupted. “Because it’s true.” 
	“What happened, happened,” Jacob patted Derek on the shoulder. “Beating yourself up isn’t going to fix it.  Those are things that can’t be fixed.  You learn to deal with it, and make up for it as best you can.” 
	“Leading the zombies right to us didn’t help my case any.” 
	“The important thing is that nobody was infected,” Robert spoke in a stern voice. “What’s done is done.” 
	Derek shook off an embrace with his younger cousin. “If you say so.” His head dipped to the floor, slowly beginning a trek away from the crowd.  Everyone had their focus on him, yet nobody spoke in favor or otherwise.  Silence fell upon the collective.  No words could be exchanged about the battle of only minutes ago.  No mourning or loss.  God, how Robert wished every day could have closed in such peace.
	Jacob turned back to the dining hall.  It looked more like a box of Swiss cheese following the engagement. “That building is going to need some repairs.”
	“We’ve got plenty of wood around here to board it up,” Robert remarked. “We are going to have to dip into our water supply to get the blood off the floor, though.”
	“Alright,” Mitch started forward. “Let’s get to work.  Get your gloves and masks on, keep your weapon tight.  Never know if one of those bodies isn’t dead yet.” There was a reluctance in the air to more than half of the survivors.  But they had to clean it up.  They couldn’t live in this camp if the dining hall smelled like undead.
	Robert was second to step forward. “Come on, let’s just get this over with.”

Day 398
Nova

	“Where would be a good place to stop, Staff Sergeant?” Spoke the youngest member of Alpha squad. 
	 “I thought I told you to call me Walt.” The hoarse reply from an aged veteran riding in the passenger seat beside the PFC.  Eyes were a stale gray and his hair ceased to grow.  Probably the results of so much stress on the battlefield. 
	“Sorry sir, I’m a slave to tradition.” 
	The Staff Sergeant removed his helmet to wipe a layer of sweat free. “This as good a place as any.” Walter clicked on the radio. “Pull over.  We need to honor our dead,” 
	“Understood,” Chad was first to reply from three trucks back.  In another few seconds, the platoon of just above twenty were walking about their method of transport.  How so many had stuck it out this long together was odd to see.  Their journey had driven the platoon through Colorado, Kansas, Missouri, and an abrupt end to a tragic story turned them around in Tennessee.  There was no peace to find east of host zero, or any other direction to be honest.  This plague had done its design, a design that eventually led to the structural and social downfall of nearly every society in the world. 
	Members of this Army unit had seen the virus’ wake left on the rest of the planet even in their journey trekking cross-country.  A roadblock was the best term to consider what was truly comparable to a war zone in Nashville.  Organized government attempts to strike back at the plague did little to nothing to shut down the ever-present zombie threat.  By this time, the rule of the gun was the rule of the world.  What laid at the other end of that gun, living or dead, a fine line needed to be checked.  But nobody checked that line before tripping over it.  Thus zombies eventually led to the fall of the states as a whole, and unity was nowhere to be found.  Nowhere, except here. 
	Ken was first to step out of the his humvee.  His survival had been a living testament to dedication.  While his wife gave in before the outbreak, he never lost hope and begged for death.  Soldiers alongside depended on him to be a leader.  One thing he wouldn’t abandon was his commitment for the riflemen who served at his side.  Then again, watching almost half of the people he served with die wasn’t the best way to spend the last year.
	From a few meters away, Chad lifted his chin in recognition. “Get any sleep?” 
	“Not since Arkansas,” Ken shook his head with no sign of emotion.  All the life seemed to drain from his person when bullets weren’t flying inches away.  But you’d never find a better infantryman in the heat of battle. 
	“If it makes you feel any better--” 
	“It won’t,” Ken cut him off.  He was already focused on something.  The cargo latch popped open to reveal black leather of a loaded body-bag. “Braden’s gone.” 
	Both lifted the loaded bag and carried it to the side of the road.  Chad loosened his grip once the package touched solid ground. “There’s nothing you could have done, Ken.  I don’t know how many times we have to tell you that.”
	Ken backed away from the body bag.  Liquid splashed on leather, filling the cracks of a deserted roadway. “Don’t keep telling me, because it’s not true.  Braden took a bullet because I messed up. And his death should have been mine.” 
	“Shouldn’t you take that as a sign?” A Sergeant with the name Haley on his vest, smirked as his question voiced.
	“Yeah,” Ken dipped his head, “A message: God hates the living.” 
	Walt shook off the comment with little more than a scoff.  His lungs inhaled smoke while the conversations dispersed. “I know a lot of you are angry about this,” 
	“Make that assumption all your own?” Asked Logan more in sarcasm than anything else. 
	Several seconds passed in silence. “There’s nothing more we can do,” he hated to tell his men.  But it was true.  Their part to eradicate this infection had done little to nothing in comparison.  The allied response only a few months ago had put more than a dozen nations in immediate conflict following the vicious aftermath. “Anyone have something to say about Ricky or Braden?” No voices pepped up. “Too bad.  They were good kids.” Walter took a final drag from his cigarette.  The flaming ember was flicked atop the doused bag, immediately igniting rolling flames that engulfed it. 
	The unit of two dozen stared on at their fallen teammate.  He was far from the first, and they doubted he would be the last. “If there’s nothing more we can do,” Another PFC, a taller kid with outgrown hair stepped forward. “What did you have in mind?” Luke Walsh asked without anticipation of a response. 
	“I didn’t have a lot to go on.  I just wanted to get away from the mushroom cloud hanging over Tennessee.”
	Several of the soldiers took in the last statement with remorse and anger filling their hearts.  The effect of zombies had left the world in a war.  The United States was unlucky enough to find herself at the origin of this pandemic.  Strange how a seemingly small act of terrorism in turn wreaked havoc upon the world.
	From one side, a peach blonde haired Sergeant raised his index finger. “Now that I think about it, Mexico sounds like a mighty fine idea.” 
	“Hey, Scott,” A dark-toned Hispanic of equal rank shook his head. “They aren’t gonna have any beer this late in the game,” Sanchez chuckled out loud a moment later. 
	“What about Alaska,” A dry tone from Ken. “We took a nice long tour of the south and got ourselves trapped in the middle of World War Three in 3Z.” 
	“3Z?” Walt titled his head. 
	“3D Zombies,” Ken smirked. “Is there nowhere any of you planned on hiding out if the world went to hell?” 
	“Well,” PFC Walsh stepped up, “I kinda enlisted expecting to get sent over to hell.  Didn’t think it could happen to the US, though.” 
	Walter let out a sigh. “I suppose we’ll keep driving.  Maybe one of us will come up with something.  I’m not ignoring you, Ken, but Alaska is way too much ground to go.” He turned his foot back toward the lead vehicle. “We move out in thirty ticks--” 
	“Walter!” From the back of the group, a different shade of blue fatigues emerged among the Army’s green BDUs.
	“What did you have in mind, Jason?” 
	“It’s a long shot,” he was hesitant to speak further. “We passed a signal somewhere out west.  They had the know-how to tap our signal.” 
	“Wait,” Scott leaned forward. “That was a year ago.  What’s to say there’s anyone alive out there?” 
	“Nothing,” Collins’ eyes drifted to the ground. “But is there anyone alive elsewhere?” The question turned a few heads. “It’s trace amounts, but it’s still worth a try.” 
	The Master Sergeant had his eyes on the smoldering ashes. “If anything, we get to camp in the woods.” 
	“That’s a long drive from here,” Tanner Olson said from the driver’s seat. 
	“Yeah,” Walter admitted openly. “Way back in Arizona.” 
	Ken stepped forward, “Loosen up, Walt.  As long as we aren’t crossing the border to Cali, we’re clear of fallout.” 
	“Arizona, huh?” Luke spoke with some disdain on his lips. “What are we gonna find there?  Cactuses and sand?” 
	Mike chuckled, “It’s pronounced ‘cacti.’ You saying ‘cactuses’ makes you sound like a dumb ass.”
	As he passed the two, Chad smirked. “Isn’t much different than Texas, is it?” 
	Luke sighed, “Yeah, but here we had football.” 
	Staff Sergeant Crawford reached the door of his car. “I forgot about that.  A pigskin is like a bible down here.” 
	Walter was the last to step foot back in his seat.  He lagged while the rest of his troop hurriedly found their places.  Once the last door shut, he found a flask in his satchel. “It was damn good to work with you, Brady.” He took several swigs from the flask, pouring liquid depression down his throat fast enough to drown. “Don’t party too hard up there, you and Rick are buying me a round when I join you.” In another few seconds, he was in the passenger seat, letting the early morning darkness rise into daylight while intoxication led him half-conscious.
	Hours in passing led them into the same desolate town forty miles from any significant landmark.  The convoy went about their endless nomadic journey.  They’d gone from one side of the country to the other.  Not a single mile in reflection changed their mindset.  Every place they came across was a ghost town, each soul a distant memory.  Coming back didn’t feel any better.  It just reminded them that the circumstances would never change.  Death would linger in the shadow of fading life.
	Chad wouldn’t have minded what lay on the road ahead if this highway in the middle of nowhere wasn’t right next to their signal.  Chad double tapped his brakes and pulled to the side.  The rest of the convoy slowed before pulling aside as well.  Chad stepped out of the truck, his eye focused down the scope of his rifle.
	The PFC riding shotgun stepped out and raised his weapon through the open window. “What do you see, Staff Sergeant?”
	Chad swung his peripheral until crossing the cliffs.  Nothing was there, but something didn’t feel right.  The soldier took careful steps forward, scanning both buildings on the left and the chasm on the right.  He soon came close enough to step around the rolled truck.  A lifeless body laid against the frame.  No gunshot struck his head.  He was hit by a bullet to the heart.  Chad spun his neck around to the cliffs again.  Still nothing, but it sent a shiver down his spine.
	Chad stepped back toward the humvee column.  Walter stood outside the second truck. “What’s wrong?”
	“There’s a body against that truck.”
	“We’ve seen plenty of that.” Walter shrugged. “What’s the big deal?”
	“He isn’t undead.  Whoever killed him, could be hostile.”
	Walter nodded. “Could be exactly the guys we’re looking for.”
	Chad shrugged. “It’s your decision, sir.  But if I may speak my mind…nobody likes us.  Why would these guys take our side?”
	Walter looked away for a moment.  He locked eyes with Chad, “We may have to give them no choice.”
	Chad rolled his eyes. “I’ve got your back.  But don’t expect me to start killing people.”
	Walter chuckled as he walked to the farthest truck back. “What’s the bandwidth reading?”
	“Signal’s weak.” David said from the passenger seat. “They’ve gotta be within three miles.”
	“Any suggestions?”
	“Yeah, drive slow.  I’ll know as soon as it peaks and we start moving away.”
	Walter jogged back to his truck, “Let’s roll, Crawford.” He stepped back into his truck. “Damn, is radio silence a bitch.”
	The convoy rolled forward, easing past the accident and up a hill.  At the crest the unit was immediately indulged by the sight of a burnt up gas station.  Chad didn’t need permission to lead the charge.  He pulled in and around to examine the devastation firsthand. “So much for filling up.” Crawford shook his head in awe.
	The sixth truck pulled up alongside Walt’s.  David’s window was down as he looked in. “Staff Sergeant, I got a direction.”  He pointed across the road and only a hundred yards to the east.  Walter’s head slowly turned to face the opening among the brush.  A smile crossed his lips.
	Midday loomed over a peaceful setting in late August.  Everything was peaceful, everything was quiet.  Robert Caldwell had fallen into a trance.  Months had gone by without any true events happening.  Nobody attacked them.  It appeared this would be the end of their suffering.  Bandit groups by this time had either expanded or killed each other off.  He didn’t let it get to him that the stolen overlay of Outpost Seven was circulating somewhere in the surrounding areas of Arizona, New Mexico, Colorado, and Utah.  Perhaps Derek’s attempt to settle the dispute with Eric’s bandits had fallen through as planned.  Maybe the map was destroyed. 
	Rob sat on post at the front gate.  He lost the patience for sitting through a day any other way.  Nothing truly happened but tragedy.  It was best not to get involved.  Unfortunately for today, involvement was impossible to escape.  Jacob had been walking the forest, looking for trails of any animals.  Wildlife had increased exponentially.  The birds were in the trees again.  When the plague arrived, the animals instinctively retreated, migrating out of its path.  That was a sign that the undead had wandered from this plateau.
	Out on a hunt, Jake spotted movement to his south.  The 504 was of someone’s interest this day.  Whoever someone was, there was a lot of them. “Rob, this is Jacob, come in.” 
	Rob hit the radio. “Go ahead, Jake.” 
	“I have a visual on several vehicles.” He looked through his scope after sprinting to the top of a hill. “Six humvees heading down the 504.” 
	Rob reminisced of a previous time.  One or two were missing, he thought right off the bat.  The profit of combat was death. “All units,” Robert said. “Take up primary positions.  Stick to ROE.  Where these guys are coming from, there’s probably more of them.” 
	The convoy of jeeps made a shift off the service road, their pace slowed upon nearing the battered and beaten front gate to the outpost.  Robert dropped to level ground from his seat.  His holster buckle was loose, a bullet chambered in the pistol at his side.  He would only have the chance to get one or two shots off if this went south.  Eyes shifted uncontrollably from the insides of one vehicle to the next. 
	From the passenger seat, a uniformed soldier removed himself from the first humvee.  His scalp was bald and his eyes were thin.  On his fatigues, the rank of Staff Sergeant hit Robert with more force than a bullet.  The military found the outpost…what would this decide? 
	Robert took a step backwards.  He didn’t like how things were shaping up already.  Another five or six removed themselves from other vehicles.  Their gaze wasn’t focused on the one person ahead, but it didn’t matter.  All of the above had training equivalent and higher than the former Sergeant.  What did he have to his aid?  A ghillie suit, and ten bullet clip for his rifle.  No contest. 
	The Staff Sergeant didn’t show any signs of doubt or anger.  He looked friendly, strange enough. “Gotta say, you weren’t easy to find.” No response was triggered, though Rob’s brow jumped. “Come on, soldier.  You think we don’t keep tabs on our frequency?” 
	“What do you want?” Robert asked. 
	The platoon leader gave his unit a glance back. “I could use some beds for my men.  A meal would be nice, too.” 
	“I’m sorry,” Robert answered. “That doesn’t qualify your necessity.” He turned back for the gate. 
	“Sniper!” He yelled back.  His tone froze Robert in place.  Footfalls neared him. “The least you can do is offer us a warm welcome.” 
	“Why should I?” 
	“Because I have more guns than you…I have more training than you…and I’ve seen a lot more hell than you.” 
	Robert tilted his head. “You sure about that last one?”
	“I’m pretty sure.”
	“Let’s just call it even.” Robert insisted.
	He held out an arm, “You can call me Walter.” 
	The shake wasn’t accepted. “You can leave whenever necessary.  A pact has been made by us.  This camp is for survival, it’s not built for your kind.” 
	“My kind,” Walt looked up and down the sniper’s ghillie suit. “My kind doesn’t seem too far from yours.  Why are you barring us?” 
	“The last time I let an outsider through these gates, one of my people was shot.  I don’t want to make that mistake again.  Besides that, I know you’d burn through our supplies before the week is up.” 
	“Hate to burst your bubble, sniper.  We work hard, and we’re dedicated above all.  I can respect your wishes to protect the ones you care about.  But I have a duty of my own: to keep my boys alive.” 
	Robert sighed. “I’m sorry, Walter.  I can’t trust you.” 
	Walter directed two of his men by the swift tilt of his head.  As they approached with weapons raised. “It’s not about trust, sniper--” 
	“Robert,” he corrected.  His vision shifted to both of the approaching foes.  Their fingers were disengaging the safeties. 
	Walter released an irate exhale. “It’s not about trust, Robert.  It’s about the options.  You have two.” 
	This was already getting out of hand, he could feel his skin tingling. “I don’t like where you’re taking this.” 
	“One,” the Staff Sergeant raised his index finger. “You can keep traveling down this road of negligence…my soldiers have killed thousands of people who fired on them.  We wouldn’t waste our bullets on civilians, but a few rednecks out in the wild don’t seem like much of a problem to us.  Fort Carson gave us a glimpse of peace, but for the most part it was simple killing.”
	“What would be my second option?” 
	“Lower your arms and let us in.  Chances are, we’ll be back on the move in the next day.” 
	“What happens if you get hooked on this place?” 
	A shrug, “Might as well get used to us, should that be the case.” 
	“That case may threaten the survival of my people.  We won’t be able to support all of you.” It was a lie.  He was mostly intending to avoid contact with outsiders altogether. 
	“Well,” Walt removed a cigarette from over his ear. “You’ve got about thirty seconds to make your choice.” 
	From a distance, Derek could see the dilemma Robert was working through, though failed to understand the consequence.  He raised the radio to send a signal.  However, something repelled him from such a course of action. “What the hell is going on?” Derek didn’t know how to accept a convoy of soldiers.  More than twenty men, all in uniform.  Scanning individual faces, he could see some were no older than twenty.  Every one bore a similar tone of remorse and fatigue.  They’d been out for awhile.
	Robert sighed deeply.  His mental count reached ten before Walter shot his second a commanding glance. “Do I have any guarantees for the freedoms of my people.” 
	“Don’t worry about your people, Robert.  The innocent will never suffer under my command.” 
	The sniper removed his ghillie hat.  He took a step forward, albeit swallowing courage in good measure. “Welcome to the Outpost.” 
	Walter gave his crew another look. “Load up!” As one, the men grading Private First Class to Staff Sergeant loaded back in their trucks.  However, as the six vehicles pulled through the gate Robert and Walter co-opted to open, a lone rifleman remained outside the gates.  Both Robert and Walter were able to spot the detachment from his crew. “Who’s that?” Rob asked. 
	“It’s the Master Sergeant,” Walt mumbled.
	“What’s wrong?” 
	“He’s all alone these days.  His wife took her own life in the first days of the outbreak…he hasn’t been the same since.” 
	Robert looked across the distance. “Is he going to be alright?” 
	“Yeah,” Walter nodded with firsthand veracity. “Guy did some work with Delta back in the day.  If anyone can take care of themselves, it’s gotta be Ken.” 
	The two started toward the humvee column parking at the empty dining hall lot. “Where do you come from?” 
	“In the beginning, it was Los Angeles.” 
	“That isn’t so far away.  What took you so long?” 
	“If you recall right, we passed you up on our way to New Mexico.” 
	“How would some grunts like you know about radio frequencies anyway?” 
	Walter scoffed. “A couple days out of LA, we got hooked up with an Air Force unit.  Twelve hours later, we got word of virulent outbreaks further inland.  Everyone was focused on withdrawing to cut it off, but there was no hope.  Everyone got separated, so it was about forty of us on our own.  Those techies know more than how to fly a drone.  I had them checking every frequency for life.  It’s just gut feeling that talked me out of looking up this camp.” 
	“The next day,” Robert remembered, “I put us at war.” 
	Walter stopped. “Wait a second…war?” 
	“It’s the same reason Nikki isn’t here.” 
	“I just got out of a war, so enlighten me.” 
	“Trust me, Walt. It’s not your--” 
	At that moment, Jacob appeared from nowhere into their company.  Extending an arm, he was happy to see another grunt to make new stories with. “See you made a few friends, Rob.” 
	Walter recognized the face of the Major.  After all, he was one of the few military personnel to break a record, not just on a target, but lifespan on the battlefield. “I know you,” 
	“I get that a lot,” Jake threw his arm out. “They call me Jake.” 
	With recognition of the seniority, Robert brought Jacob into their speech as well. “I was just telling Walter about our little standoff with Eric.” 
	Jake nodded. “One of those things I try to forget every night.  Why?  Was he offering his hand?” 
	“Yes,” Walter stepped forward. “If the situation hasn’t been resolved, I don’t see much in terms of defense as is.  What are you going to do?” 
	Robert saw Walter to be correct on all accounts.  They weren’t prepared for a war.  Chance had feasted their eyes to the outpost and its survivors.  Honorable men, who had put their lives on the line for a higher calling.  A feeling he could almost relate to himself, though the feeling was lost after he became an assassin. 
	Jacob noticed Robert wasn’t giving a response. “We don’t have an answer for that.  But the last four months have been quiet.  We held off Eric’s people and sent back a blow we expected would demoralize further action.” 
	Robert sighed. “You’re right.  We need help.” 
	Walter chuckled, “Nice change of mind, quicker than I thought.” 
	“I’m still worried we won’t maintain the resources to survive.” 
	Jacob scoffed. “Come on, Bobby.  Our stockpile is more than large enough for these guys.  We’ll be fine.”
	Inside the dining hall, Zack and Savannah were already becoming acquainted with a few of the younger infantrymen.  The first to cross paths with them looked somewhat familiar to Savannah. “What’s your name?” 
	“Tanner,” A boy of barely twenty, with thin, sandy hair and green eyes. 
	“Where are you from?” She was intrigued by this sudden guest who struck a cord with him. 
	“I’m from Show Low, born and raised.” 
	She laughed. “We went to school together.”
	Tanner’s head tilted as he pondered all those years prior. “Really?  It’s been a while.  I lost touch with a lot of people after I went to basic.”
	“Savannah,” she held out a hand. “It’s good to meet you…again,” the three laughed together. 
	Not far away, Mitch was no stranger to a familiar face either. “Bryce?” He held out his arms, “I thought you got out of the service?” 
	The Staff Sergeant, hair grown out into a mullet and facial hair unkempt, shook his head. “I realized how boring it was on the outside.” 
	“I’ll take boring any day to a prison sentence.” 
	Bryce laughed. “You haven’t changed a bit,” 
	“Nice patch,” 
	“Yeah, I went up a couple grades.  It’s been too long,” He stepped forward to embrace his fellow brother in arms. 
	“You’re telling me,” Mitch answered. “Rob’s out of war stories.” 
	Outside, Lexie, Farad and Wayne had also decided to mingle among some people they distantly recognized as well.  Several months prior, November 3 platoon detoured into Fort Carson and left an impression among different people in the same branch.  Who’d expect they’d meet each other again? 
	Wayne approached one from behind.  Only one other person carried the same height and color, and his dad was long since dead. “What’s up, brother?” 
	Sergeant Isaac Sanchez turned his head to see one of the few good friends he’d made in a matter of hours. “Long time, no see.  How’s the world treated you?” 
	“Lieutenant’s dead, but I’m still walking.” 
	“We have more in common than you care to think.” 
	Wayne sighed. “Damn good to see backup.” 
	“You know me, Wayne.  I’d never leave a brother behind.” 
	“How’d you find us anyway?” 
	Isaac looked up, trying to calculate what month it was and what month they’d nearly crossed paths.  It’d been more than a year since their fates may have intertwined earlier. “A while ago, we were driving towards New Mexico.  We got some Air Force techies riding shotgun and they picked up some signal in the area.  So…after Nashville, we decided we’d try to seek you out.  Find a place to lay low.” 
	“What’s going on in Nashville?” 
	“Nine months ago, there was a counter-insurgency against the plague.  The Russians played a major part.  But nobody on the ground knew what was going on.  It may seem quiet out here in the middle of nowhere, but population centers are the wild west.  Survivors started thinking it was an invasion.  Suddenly, it turns into World War Three, right as we get stranded in the middle of the city.  We were stuck in there for months and the Russians were shooting anything that moved by day two.  Lost a lot of good guys in that fight.”
	“Well,” he looked around, “you’re safe now.” 
	Lexie patted another Staff Sergeant on the shoulder.  He turned around to reveal bright blue eyes under outgrown black hair. “Lexie?” 
	“Hey, Chad.” 
	“How’d you end up out here of all places?” 
	“Colorado was getting a little chilly,” she joked. “Captain Powell requested a squad return with a raiding party from here.” 
	“Raiding party?” 
	“They came to collect weapons so they could hold off an assault.  Powell wanted them to--” 
	“Assault?” He looked around suspiciously. “From who?” 
	“Let’s just say they were some bad people.  But it’s been quiet for a while.” 
	“So,” Chad approached the broken down wall in the dining hall. “Are you guys remodeling?” He was careful to avoid a number of blood pools on the floor. 
	Lexie laughed out loud. “No, that was part of the zombies we fought a few days ago.” 
	“It seems you guys don’t get a lot of peace up here.  Starting to think Fort Carson was better?” 
	Lexie sighed. “Vic’s dead,” 
	Chad let his palm brush her arm. “How are you doing?” 
	“It’s been a while, so I’m better.” 
	“That’s good to hear,” Chad leaned in. “Because I don’t know about you, but I desperately need to get laid.” 
	Lexie scoffed out loud. “Good luck with that cologne.  What do they call that, sweaty grunt number three?” 
	“Number five,” He corrected as he leaned in for a kiss. 
	Lexie smirked before giving him a small peck on the cheek. “I owed you that one,” 
	“You owe me a lot more than that,” Chad said to the retreating woman.  He and Lexie spent a matter of three weeks while the platoon fended off multiple attacks alongside the Fort Carson army.  A tragic love triangle spun in the heat of an unending war.  And now the hopeful husband was gone, replaced by silence and some strangers pitted among her. 
	The space of an hour of introductions spanned hours for Derek, still sitting in his perch.  Behind him, the door swung open. “I see you met some new friends,” He leaned the Barrett M87 against the grating marred with bullet holes.  His eyes met those of Robert. “Think we can trust them?” 
	“I hope so,” Robert ducked his head away. 
	“What’s that supposed to mean?” 
	“It means they match us in numbers and they’re all trained how to use a gun.  Walter says they’re neutral.” 
	“For all we know, they’re a bunch of murderers and thieves, jacked a military convoy and kept the goods for themselves.” 
	“I didn’t really have a choice whether they came in or not.” 
	Derek tensed in his chair. “What?” 
	“One way or another, he wasn’t taking no for an answer.  If he had to shoot his way in, he would have.” 
	“I’ll slit every one of their throats in the night,” 
	“Don’t even think about it,” Robert snapped. “I don’t want your death and their vengeance on my plate.  Maybe they’ll be gone in a week’s time, maybe not.  Either way, I don’t want any problems between us.” 
	“Don’t say I didn’t tell you so,” Derek walked forward and patted Robert on the shoulder before passing. “Once it all goes to hell.” The door slammed shut behind Robert, leaving him in silence to fill the post of watchman. 

Day 406
The Nemesis

	A cool breeze dropped through the valley of Outpost Seven.  Over the course of eight days since the platoon had arrived, everything remained silent.  Routine jobs weren’t interrupted, but rather improved by the extra hands.  And the company was something all of the camp’s staff were glad to have, even if they were in uniform. 
	Occupying one of the cabins, two members of Bravo fire team were taking advantage of the last couple hours of sunlight.  Though inside the cabin made it dimmer, both were experts at their primary job.  Cleaning their rifles had become less of a responsibility and more of a habit.  Strange to see some of these men had cleaner guns than teeth. 
	On one side of a rack, a young Specialist with short, black hair and hazel eyes, was first to remove the firing pin. “You’re getting slower,” 
	“I’m not getting slow.  Arthritis is getting ahead of me.” He fit a smoke between his lips. 
	“Rob said there was a no-smoking inside policy.” 
	“Regulations honored by a dead man,” Michael Logan ignored the younger rifleman’s statement. “I don’t remember you betting on a race.” He sluggishly continued. 
	“Why not?” 
	“Because,” Mike scoffed, “we’ve got all the time in the world.  I can breathe easy knowing I’m not dead yet.  And I can walk freely because automatic gunfire isn’t spraying every inch of our Alamo.” 
	“Yeah,” Evan Norton nodded. “Tennessee was bad.” 
	“Nine in six days,” Mike reminisced with solemnity for the fallen soldiers. 
	“You ever think about before this virus?” 
	“Yep,” Logan replied with a sharp inhale. “Can’t say it was much better.” 
	“Really?” 
	“Yeah.  Everyone was dead more or less, the world was falling apart, politics, terrorism, racism.  It wasn’t pretty before, so I can’t tell you wholeheartedly that it looks any worse now.” 
	“What about your family?” 
	“Never had much of one to think about.  I joined the Army to get away from my family.  Ended up making a family that I liked and could relate to.  A third of that family isn’t with us anymore.”
	Evan didn’t know how to reply.  The last statement dug as deep as a bullet, but the pain was mental and no amount of morphine could erase emotional scars.  Even with his lower rank and lesser experience with the members of November platoon, they were just as much family.  The last fourteen months had solidified their resolve and strength.  Nine brothers in less than a week, lost fighting for cause and country.  A country that had been brought to her knees and kicked while down.  Their worth as members of the United States Army had all but evaporated with the dismantling of the United States.  Just another barren wasteland crawling with zombies and evil hearts. 
	“My only goal,” Mike continued where he left off, “was not to die in Afghanistan.” 
	“Looks like you succeeded.” 
	Mike didn’t speak the words, but they echoed louder than a weapon discharge in his ears. ‘Belle didn’t.’
	As night befell them for the eighth time since the Army platoon had arrived, there appeared no sign of their departure.  Though no liberties had been taken, no lives had suffered, and no foul orders were accepted, such an appeal didn’t rest easy in Robert’s mind.  He and Walter were patrolling the west gate.  Their conversation was knee deep regarding the same objective. 
	“Your platoon lingers.” 
	Walter smirked. “Where else do we have to go?” 
	“You said you’d be out of here by the following day.” 
	“That was five minutes before you admitted you were at war.  You may not be willing to tell me about the outpost’s history, but Jake was happy to enlighten me.  Five of your people have died by this enemy.” 
	“Four,” Robert corrected. “The fifth was suicide.” 
	“No difference,” Walt admitted. “At that rate, none of you will be here in another year.” Robert had contemplated leaving Outpost Seven on one occasion prior.  But his only destination was more than 2,000 miles offshore.  They had few means to get there, and even fewer resources to last them a week or more at sea.  Thus, their party remained on solid ground. “Why have you been trying so hard to get us out of here?  You may not have seen it, but my soldiers barely dip into your food stockpile, and we’ve cut the work in half.” 
	Robert nodded. “I did see.  For that I thank you.” 
	“You’re welcome.  Now that I’ve done the math, where would you go given the chance?” 
	“No matter.  We couldn’t hope to--” his speech cut itself short.  The piercing sounds of combustion engines.  Dirt bikes among several trucks.  One bore the irreplaceable hum of a semi-truck. “You hear that?” 
	The Staff Sergeant nodded. “Yeah.” 
	Rob started into a jog for the front gate, Walter only a few yards behind.  He chose to lag behind his counterpart.  If this was the war, the last thing they needed to see was a uniformed soldier on the opposite faction.  In thirty seconds, Robert was walking parallel to the front gate.  Directly to his front, three dirt bikes were closely followed by numerous cars of various makes and models.  At the turnoff, the bulky frame of a semi with a trailer attached pulled to a stop. ‘Shit’ rang in his ears like a bell. 
	From the leading bike, a blonde male removed a helmet to reveal his face.  It was Travis, the cruel look in his eyes said nothing different.  The former Colonel started in a slow walk with two lieutenants not far behind.  It took a few steps before he discerned the features of Robert’s face. “Bobby!” His tone sounded strangely friendly, though no truce could be formed overnight.  Robert wouldn’t let this man escape his decision that took two lives. 
	“What do you want?” He scanned each vehicle.  His perception counted at least twenty armed soldiers at one time. 
	“Nice place.” 
	“There’s no vacancy here.  Don’t even think about it.” 
	Travis leaned against the gate. “I’m sure you remember me.” 
	“How can I forget?  I spent the last three years trying to avoid you.” 
	He smirked, “You seem a little pissed off with me.  In my opinion, I’m still more pissed off at you.” 
	Robert clenched his teeth, “You murdered my wife and child.”
	Travis froze.  He took a step back, “What are you talking about?  Crossfire?”
	“You sent Brian here to kill her!” Robert’s fists squeezed from the fury.
	Travis shook his head, “That wasn’t what I wanted.  I told him to get you, and you alone.  My dispute is not with innocent people.”
	Robert shook his head, “Don’t lie to me, you son of a bitch.  I remember what you made me do.”
	Travis bit his lip, “I never intended for her to be hurt, Rob.  I swear, I wanted you brought back to me alive.  I didn’t want another bullet fired that didn’t need to be.” A fire spread over Robert’s eyes, pure intensity and hatred running through his blood.  He took a step forward, yet a second didn’t follow.  Though Travis was within inches of him, his actions could cause immediate repercussions, for all. “You have a chance to settle this now.”
	Rob shook his head, “I’d never make a deal with you.”
	“What if it saved everyone in those gates?”
	“They’re safe enough as it is.  I don’t need your help, guarantees…the only thing I want is to put a bullet between your eyes.”
	“I guess that’s what I get for telling somebody to do my job for me.” Travis turned around. “I can’t prove my condolences to you or your wife, who was an unnecessary victim in this mess.  But I still have my bargain to make.” He stopped aside his bike. “Three days from now, you ride alone to the Mogollon Rim.  We settle everything there.  We will wait until the first rays of light.  If you haven’t shown up, we come here.  And if I have to come back, the militia will burn this place to the ground.”
	“What would that do for my people?”
	“I would turn my back and remove any stake from Arizona.  Your outpost would never hear of my army again.”
	Robert shook his head, “Get the hell out of here.”
	“I won’t warn you again, Bobby.  Three days.” Travis jumped onto his bike and ignited the engine.  He was careful to turn around, before leading the massive road unit back down the dirt road.
	A few moments passed before Walter removed himself from behind a parked car. “Friend of yours?” 
	Robert’s teeth were still clenched, “In the worst way.” 
	“Like I said,” Walter solidified, “I’m here with you.  I’ll fight every one of those bastards.” 
	“Why?” 
	“Because you guys are family now.  You may have opened up your doors to us because I threatened you.  But I never wanted it to come to coercion.  These are good people.  You’ve got my back through it all.” 
	“That’s one.  What about the others?” 
	Walter reached for his radio. “Walt to November Three.  Request your company at the dining hall in two mikes.  And that means everybody.” 
	“Copy that,” Staff Sergeant Crawford jumped on the line prior to anyone. 
	The full squad of soldiers were among them in the next ninety seconds.  Though they were spread out across the lot, all maintained a professional attitude. “You keep your guys square,” Robert noticed. 
	Walter smirked. “It wasn’t me who made them like this.  It was my Lieutenant,” his head dipped. “They do it out of respect to him…and they know I couldn’t do this alone.” The First Sergeant took a few steps forward. “May I have your attention?” The twenty-two followers silenced their conversations. “A few minutes ago, a large group of hostiles found the gates to this camp.  They offered Rob the chance to surrender, but I’m not confident he’s interested.” 
	“I’m not,” Robert stepped forward. “The one in charge, his name is Travis Greer.” He suspected a number of silent exchanges regarding the name. “He was my Colonel a long time ago, my actions resulted in his discharge…and he killed my wife.  So no,” his view caught Walter’s for but a moment. “I’m not going to surrender.” 
	“Travis granted us a glimmer of hope.  He said he’d be back in three days.  That means we have ample time to set up perimeter defenses and coordinate our fire.” 
	“Hold on,” Robert raised a hand. “There is no doubt in my mind that this will be the largest conflict the outpost sees.  Anybody and everybody could die.” 
	The Master Sergeant rose from his seat on the curb. “That’s a facet of war, Bobby.  I thought you would have figured that out by now.” 
	“What’s your point?” Chad asked from a seat on the blacktop. 
	Robert sighed. “I’m not asking any of you to risk your lives.  I don’t want to be responsible for more death.” 
	“You don’t have to,” Ken answered. “We’ve all got a choice in this matter.  For what it’s worth, you’ve got my rifle next to yours.” 
	Chad smirked. “What were you gonna do without us?  You don’t have enough bulletproof vests to go around.” 
	“I figured we’d find a new place to survive.” 
	Walter shook his head. “If you think some cocky ex-boyfriend of yours can evict you from this place, he’s got another thing coming.” His view passed around the collective. “Robert wished for me to convoy his appreciation.  He wanted to know firsthand, just how committed each of you are.” 
	In less than ten seconds, another six had confirmed their part in the operation.  Separated chatter from several others spoke the same words.  Before a minute passed, the entire platoon had enlisted themselves to defend Outpost Seven. “Wow,” Robert was surprised. 
	“What?” 
	“I never remember it being like this,” 
	“That’s because it never was like this,” Walter patted Robert on the shoulder. “In case you forgot, the world ended last year.  We’re the pieces left over.  We take care of our own.” 
	Robert let a smile come to his face. “Then I guess we’ve got a lot of work to do.” 
	At that moment, Derek stepped around the building.  He could see the two dozen men even in the darkness of night, and his ears had led him to compiled voices.  At his side, the marine didn’t feel he should be left out of this conversation either. “What’s going on?” 
	Robert turned his head. “Travis found us.” 
	Derek let his head fall.  His own degree to which he expected no retaliation proved a pointless task.  All those lives ended, all for nothing. “How can I help?” 
	“I could use another sniper,” Robert shot him a smirk. 
	Derek chuckled lightly. “I can’t use that Barrett.” 
	“That’s fine,” Ken laughed. “My M24 is collecting dust.” 
	Robert gave Derek a serious stare. “This is gonna be big.  Travis always talks big, but his words have never been false.  We could be going up against more than a hundred people.” 
	Derek’s brow jumped. “A hundred?” His eyes shifted to the Army platoon. “Is that why the grunts are here?” 
	Walter nodded. “That’s why the grunts are here, Derek.” 
	“Why?” Derek smirked.  His vision changed to give everyone a look in the eye. “Why do you want to risk your lives?  We barely met a week ago.” 
	“If you’d been here a few moments earlier,” Robert confided, “you would have seen every one of them volunteering.  They’re part of the outpost, as much as you want to deny it.” 
	“I never denied it,” Derek shot back. “I just needed to warm up to strange faces.” 
	The Staff Sergeant sent Derek a confirming nod. “Alright.  Let’s all get some sleep.  We’re gonna need our wits to work a strategy.” 
	Kenneth sighed. “I thought we’d never use the rest of our arsenal.” 
	“The rest?” Both Robert and Jacob were intrigued to hear this, speaking in unison. 
	Walter started to chuckle.  In a matter of seconds, his entire platoon had joined. “You’re gonna love this surprise.” 

Day 407 
Hope For the Best

	Early morning of the following sunrise came much quicker than Robert had anticipated.  Suspense was a bitch like that.  Sleep came surprisingly easy, though it couldn’t be maintained.  Just like that, a previous life had woven back into his schedule.  And in that previous life, he was lucky to find spaces of sleep that lasted longer than ten minutes.  Training one’s body to fall asleep on command was hard to acquire…until you dove head first behind enemy lines. 
	“Bobby,” sounded the voice of Derek through separating walls. “The sun’s almost up.” 
	“Copy that,” Robert wiped his eyes.  His feet touched the cold tile a split second later.  In another ten steps he was out of the dorm, clothed for the early mist of morning. “Where is everyone?” 
	“Last I looked, they were on their way across camp.  Walt said something about checking the service road to set up IEDs.” 
	Robert’s brow hopped upon hearing this. “Why didn’t I think of that?” 
	“We didn’t have the munitions.” 
	Stepping out the door, Robert’s eyes met those of Mitch, Miguel, and Ben. “Where’s Jake?” The first thing he asked. 
	“He went with the convoy, same as Lexie, Farad, and Wayne.” 
	“What are you three doing here?” 
	“Don’t take us for dumb,” Ben waved his finger. “Word gets around 150 acres faster than flash-floods in the monsoon.” 
	“Yeah,” Miguel shifted his head to see the sky, “and it’s about that time of year.” 
	A smile drew over Ben’s face. “Don’t think we’re going to sit this one out.  Terry and Joe wanted to be here, but they gotta have their beauty sleep.” 
	“This is big,” Robert shook his head. “Nothing like before.  All those chances Eric gave us, we aren’t going to see any mercy this time around.” 
	Mitch scoffed. “Five of us are dead because of them.  You don’t think we’d pass up this opportunity, do you?” 
	“I know…but there’s enough soldiers.  I don’t want to see you anywhere but inside the cabins when the shooting starts.” 
	“Long as we get to shoot back at them,” Ben nodded in approval.  Miguel was also in agreement. “We’re one short, though.” 
	“Zack has a perfectly good reason not to be--” At that same moment, the voices were hushed upon ears registering footfalls.  Rob was first to see the messy hair of Zack approaching rapidly. 
	“Bobby!” 
	“Early riser,” Derek folded his arms and leaned against the wall. 
	The kid had his stare focused on Robert. “I want to help.” 
	“I can’t let that happen, Z.” 
	Zack shook his head. “Why?” 
	“Because I know from experience,” It was a simple answer, yet it brought everyone’s skin to rise. “I’m not going to let either of you feel that pain, were either of you to die.” 
	“This is my duty,” Zack interjected, “to protect her.” 
	“There’s more than enough trained riflemen who can cover that.  I’ve already got enough volunteers as is to worry about you.” 
	Nearly a mile away, Walter and Jacob were among the two dozen soldiers.  Lexie was also present in their group, able to give her opinion.  She sighed out loud upon seeing little in terms of defense. “What did you have in mind? After all, we don’t have a lot of cars to spare and petroleum’s limited this far out.” 
	Walter smirked. “In Baghdad, more than half of the improvised explosives we ran across didn’t need a car to blow up.  Cars are just convenient suitcases.” 
	“Besides,” Jacob took a final drag from his last cigarette. “When they come back, they’re gonna notice cars in the roadway that weren’t here before.  It’d buy us all of five minutes.” 
	“Our explosives are on a manual trigger, so we need to have visual contact if we have any hope of slowing them down.” 
	A few feet away, Luke was scanning the road.  He’d been listening in to their debate, and couldn’t find reason for being so far. “What are we doing out here?  We should be devoting our time to perimeter and line defense.” 
	“Plenty of time to do that when the sun comes up,” Walter answered. 
	“But how do you plan to have your eyes on IEDs if we set them up?” Lexie drew a point. “We don’t have enough people to spare a demo guy for one or two bombs before the breach.” 
	“We don’t need to spare anyone to come all the way out here,” Walter answered. “God gifted us with an aerial drone.” 
	“Walt,” Luke shrugged. “The drone you’re talking about made a hard landing because we didn’t have an airstrip.” 
	“Jason confirmed to me the landing gear didn’t take enough damage to clip her wings.” 
	“What about fuel?” Jacob threw in another factor that Walt had to defend. “You say you got that UAV back in Phoenix, more than a year ago.” 
	The Staff Sergeant folded his arms. “Neither of us are familiar with that, so I let the pigeon heads handle the tech work.  They say those drones are like hybrid cars.  She was meant for one last flight.” 
	One man ranked Specialist bearing thin, red hair and green eyes, took a step toward them. “Guys,” All eyes turned to face him. “I think I’ve got an idea.” He led the collective another hundred yards.  Kyle took his first steps onto the grating of a cattle guard. “What about this?” His fists palmed at neck level with index fingers pointed straight down. 
	“What?” Chad asked.  He took a second, and found the encircling off road flat and clear enough to allow easy passage. “They can get around this easy, Kyle.” 
	The Specialist nodded his head. “Maybe for cars and trucks.  But what I heard, a semi-truck was in that convoy.  I expect it’d be carrying guns and ammo.  Best way to beat an armada is to cut off their supplies.” 
	A smile spread across Walt’s face. “A blast under the grating will leave a big hole right in the roadway.  Out here, the best we can hope for is one car going down, maybe two.  Damage control doesn’t start being a value until the militia is on our doorstep.” 
	“If you say so,” Luke started for one corner of the grating.  Reaching his end, he gave the plus-twenty fatigues a scoff. “Come on, you don’t expect me to lift this by myself.” 
	“Well,” Chad started forward. “a couple of us were making some bids.” 
	“With what?” Another Staff Sergeant, the name Logan pinned to his uniform, asked sarcastically. “Sticks?” 
	In a few moments, a squad of four lifted the grate loose of its depression.  Slid a few feet aside, Kyle instantly slipped through the gap.  His satchel opened to three sticks of C4. He equally laid them out according to the grate’s measure.  Firing pins were dug into the soft plastic and set on a channel with a detonator back in camp. “This one’s channel six,” Kyle swung his head back to face the large group watching from above. 
	Jake examined the three explosives wired together. “Damn.  I thought you wanted to slow them down, not make a monument.” 
	“We’ve got plenty where that came from,” Kyle replied with a smirk. “Walt said to me in Nashville, something about scaring them away with a bigger boom.” 
	He cleared his throat, “Whether you’ve got bigger balls doesn’t matter to the enemy.  Whether you’ve got the bigger gun makes the difference.  Collins,” Walter called from a distance.  In a few paces, the Technical Sergeant was standing at his side. “Can that drone still fly?” 
	“She didn’t take any big hits on her last flight.  But the landing gear is a little busted, so if she does lift off, it’s a one way flight.” 
	“You aren’t sure?” Jacob asked.  A number of the soldiers were put off by this understanding. 
	“I’m sure I can get it off the ground with a suitable length of blacktop.” 
	“You’re sure?  I hope that’s good enough,” Jacob turned away, Lexie only a few feet behind. 
	“It’s gonna have to be,” Collins yelled in frustration. “She’s gonna fly, trust me.” 
	Walter patted the younger soldier on the shoulder. “Don’t get worked up.” He let a deep sigh pass as the collective took more time to dwell on the massive explosive prepared for their enemies than the retreating pair. “Fucking leathernecks.” 
	In another thirty minutes, the platoon had returned inside the camp.  All had their eyes feasted on a hand-drawn overlay of the surrounding camp.  A forest map nearby proved useless with it’s scale of the entire forest.  One little patch on the map didn’t offer any assistance. 
	“We need to consider deployment of my men,” Walter was abrupt as he squeezed inside last.  Among the soldiers to return, they found themselves within breathing distance of Robert and all his volunteers. “And considering that, we need to talk about structure priority.” 
	Robert didn’t hesitate to throw in his opinion, “Our top priority is civilians staying out of fire.” 
	“Agreed.  So where would you put them?” 
	Robert nodded. “Probably the same place as always.  Forge cabins have proven the hardest to penetrate and they’re farthest from the forest service road.  I’ve got a few shooters,” he swung his finger at his volunteers dividing into the larger contingent. “But I want them to stick back in the cabins.” 
	“I don’t blame you,” Walter nodded. “Those are five buildings, though.  And if Travis thinks like I do, building control is going to be their number one on a campus like this.  Which means we might see penetrations on all sides of this campus.” 
	Lexie took a step forward. “My squad can provide extra support if they sneak up behind us.” 
	“Good,” Walter planted a green thumbtack on the hand-drawn map.  The L-shaped marker outlines were registered with black words naming the locations marked. “So, Lexie, Farad, and Wayne, combined with…how many of your people are going to be up there?” 
	“Not counting me or Derek, five.” 
	“Eight men are sufficient to hold off a strike force until backup can arrive,” The Staff Sergeant sounded confident. 
	“You’re missing the point,” Jacob approached from the mass of heads. “This isn’t going to be just another corner in Baghdad.  Travis has at least a hundred shooters, maybe more.  I can guarantee a lot of them are going to have military experience.  A Colonel wouldn’t give us a warning unless he was sure he could win regardless.” 
	Walt shot him a glare. “He is sure he’s going to win.  But that’s because he didn’t get a chance to meet Nova.  Give me your point of view.” 
	“Fallback positions, first of all.  An invading strike force usually needs three times as many as a defending unit to be successful.  If we’re as lucky as I hope, they’ve only got four times as many as us.  How are you going to divide six teams of four across 150 acres?” 
	“The front gate is going to be most important.  Standard to human nature, Travis still relies on automated transportation and clear-cut roadways.  I can see them trying to gain a foothold on the camp’s entrance.”
	Jacob grabbed the permanent marker and took care to fill in several lines surrounding the camp. “If you’re worried about roads,” he pointed out, “you’re also going to have to think about these.” 
	Walter nodded his head. “Still as sharp as a tack?” 
	“And rude as a hornet’s ass,” Jake nodded. 
	“Where are you going to be?” 
	Jacob turned his head and faced out, his view aiming toward the maintenance yard. “There’s a hydraulic lift in the maintenance yard.  I’ll set up shop there.” 
	“That’s right by the road,” Robert objected. 
	“What?” Jacob smirked. “You think I’d pay for a show and not get front-row seats?” He could see a perplexed and concerned hint in Robert’s eyes. “Don’t worry, Bobby.  As soon as it gets heated, I can pull back to the chapel.” He glanced back at the map. “Since they’ll be coming in from the south, that’s where we can expect the most impact.” 
	“I’ll set up my team and Delta to cover the south approach.” 
	“That’s a wide berth.” 
	“Fine,” Walter shrugged, “I’ll deploy what’s left.  Mike, your squad’s got the gate.  So does yours, Aaron.” He glanced at Chad, the only who had been left out. “Chad, you’ve got the southeast cordon next to all these buildings on the hill.” 
	Crawford nodded. “Thank you, sir.” 
	Derek licked his lips and considered his motives. “The climbing tower is a good vantage.  I can provide overwatch.” 
	Robert shot him a similar glance. “Are you sure about that?” 
	“Hell, yeah.” 
	Ken approached. “My team will keep an eye on him.” 
	“Right,” Robert looked out the windows again. “That puts me in here, in the vent unit upstairs.” 
	Jacob marked off the different locations by letters for each squad. “There’s a choke-point at the gate.  Get someone on a roof gun.” 
	The different squad leaders examined the overlay.  They still had a rough picture of the terrain as is, but this map was detailed only by structures and roadways.  Mike nodded his head. “This creek is below ground, next to the gate.  We can light them up from here.  Pull back to the chapel with Jake.” 
	“If we gotta retreat, we can use the front office for cover until we get to the dining room.” The Staff Sergeant stated aloud.  Aaron gave his unit a glance. “Specialist,” he spotted the youngest member of the platoon. “You take the gun ‘til you run out, hear me?” 
	“Roger that,” The kid spoke loud enough for them all to hear. 
	“My last unit only has three men, and they’re all Air Force techies.” Walter’s eyes flashed across Jacob’s. 
	“Duct tape is holding that drone’s leg up,” Jacob interjected, “I’m not crossing my fingers.” 
	“I can get her off the ground,” The Technical Sergeant peeped up.  He also gave Jacob a confirming glance.  His gaze shifted to the commanding officer again, “Where would you have us set up?” 
	“This building,” he pointed at the amphitheatre. “Between Delta and Echo.  If that thing doesn’t get off the ground, you won’t have to go far to get in the fight.” He waved a hand, signaling a younger member of the team. 
	A fatigue ranked Specialist, Kyle Clemens approached.  He cleared his throat before speaking. “We’ve got a lot of explosives on hair triggers, but this is still a big campus.” 
	“What did you have in mind?” Robert queried. 
	Kyle smirked. “What would you say our area of most resistance will be.” 
	Robert scanned the map. “Combined fire and cover positions, my bets are on the dining hall and chapel.” 
	“There’s a clearing out there, on the far side of the chapel also.  I’ve got a bit of det-cord left over from hell’s kitchen.  Enough to set two concentrations of charge lines.” 
	“You’re going to need to save one,” Rob considered. 
	“For what?” Clemens asked. 
	“We aren’t going to hold them off here indefinitely.  Regardless, this camp is going to be overrun from multiple positions.  Meadowlark is our Alamo.  And we need to pack one last punch if it’s as bad as I predict.” 
	Walter peered across the weed-strewn landscape to the front gate. “The frontline is the most important, so we need to make it last as long as possible.” 
	“What about all those Claymores we got in the humvee?” One asked from the back of the group. 
	“We’ll think of something,” Ken patted the PFC on the shoulder. “We got today and tomorrow to figure it out.” 
	A half mile away, Zack laid silently atop his bunk. “I can’t believe Rob is refusing my help.” 
	A stride away, Savannah was walking back and forth.  She was tensed, stressed out by the turn of events.  In less than three days, a war would be on their doorstep. “I can’t believe what some people would do,” her retort. 
	“This is the world of today.  Take what you can grab, no matter the cost.” 
	“After zombies,” Savannah scoffed. “Why aren’t people uniting?” 
	“Rob knows that can’t happen,” Zack’s voice became firm. 
	“Why not?  We can settle this.” 
	“He can’t.  Not after what they did to us, what they did to him…how they murdered Nicole.” 
	Savannah started to bite a nail.  The bullet wound she suffered ages ago briefly left her mind.  She had dodged a fatal blow and remained.  Yet where she got away with a couple of stitches, there was no chance of Nicole’s survival following a hollow-point through the back.  Robert had lost everything in the blink of an eye.  She momentarily thought it selfish to try and make a truce. “Rule of the gun?” 
	“Wild, wild west,” Zack nodded. 

Day 408
Prepare For the Worst

	Though the previous day had gone by better than Rob expected and Walter promised, it still seemed too fast.  Here, the enemy had granted them a window of opportunity, and every moment that Robert wasn’t doing something, he surmised seconds ticking at the rate of hours.  Sleep would have been impossible had he not convinced himself it absolutely necessary.  He already knew tonight would go without a wink.  Staring out the window, he recognized fully that the following sunrise would shine light to a landscape doused in crimson. 
	As hard as it seemed to sleep, waking up well past dawn didn’t alleviate butterflies in his stomach.  Without a second to waste, he had his hand on the doorknob.  Before escaping the confines of his room, Rob was sure to grab an M9 Beretta on the nightstand and chamber a bullet.  Second nature, more than just a habit.  Better to be safe, after all. 
	Outside the door, Robert was off-put by the silence.  Among the room, ten different figures were quietly congregating.  What they spoke about couldn’t be deciphered in whisper.  He took his first step out of the door.  A few paces away, Courtney raised a hand in acknowledgment. “Hi, Bobby.” 
	“What time is it?” 
	“Before noon,” Courtney guessed by the cast shadows. 
	“That’s good.” More than enough sunlight. 
	Peripheral movement shifted Rob’s gaze to face Brooke.  The elder woman replied, “The rest of the guys are setting up their kits in the other cabins.” 
	“Where are you bunking down?” 
	Brooke looked around. “All noncombatants are to report here at sundown.  As soon as the first warning goes off, we all take cover in the bathroom.” 
	Further down the side of the building, eyes of another, more distant face gave him a stubborn reply.  Only a few feet away, Zack’s half ear listening to Savannah and Heather zoned out when their sight crossed.  Robert didn’t know why Zack resented him.  He was being the logical thinker, and the kid was just trying to prove himself a man.  But dying for no purpose better than pride wouldn’t befall him. 
	Robert sighed. “Glad to hear you’re on top of things.  Where did the military go?” 
	“For the most part, taking a breather.  Some are walking the terrain.  But Walt said he was going to do something with or without you today.” 
	“What?” Rob’s brow jumped. After digging up the trenches to place so many feet of explosive cord, he couldn’t imagine they had anything left over. “Did he say anything specific?” 
	“He’s at Cedar Ridge right now.  I’m sure you won’t miss him.” 
	Rob smirked before heading out the door.  He had just to cross the field before he’d be stepping into the cabins of Cedar Ridge.  The enlightenment of something more sparked his curiosity and spurred him to sprint toward the field of corn.  Ten strides across the concrete was all it took before he was obscured in layers of green. 
	Ignorant to the conversation, Zack was quick to express his own opinion as soon as the door closed. “Rob knows this is gonna be a lot worse than he thinks.” 
	“Zack,” Savannah grabbed Zack’s arm. “Please, just let it go.” 
	The boy scoffed. “I don’t care what he says--” 
	“You’d better,” Savannah grabbed his wrist and dragged him out the door. 
	“I’ve been a part of this since the beginning.” 
	“You played your part.  Hear me out.  I don’t want to lose you.” 
	“You won’t.” 
	“Carl said the same thing.” Her statement froze Zack’s reply before it left his lips. “I don’t want you to prove me wrong, and I’m sorry that you don’t get to shoot everything you can see…but there’s too great a risk.” 
	Zack growled silently, his palms ensnared around the wood railing. “And what happens if Robert is wrong?  What if people break down these doors and shoot anyone they see?” 
	“Robert doesn’t want you exposing yourself, neither do I.  That doesn’t mean you can’t keep a gun handy.” She returned a faint smirk Zack let off. 
	“I can never win an argument against you.” 
	Savannah beamed, “That proves you care too much.” She pursed her lips and leaned in for a kiss he wouldn’t deny. 
	Half way through the crop, Robert was distracted by something in the middle of his route.  Slowing to a stop, he tilted his head. “Jake?” Sitting down, eyes closed, legs crossed and hands hung, Jacob didn’t say a word for a moment. “Major,” Robert tried the rank. 
	“I heard you, Bobby.” The marine kept his eyes closed. 
	“What are you doing?” 
	“Meditating.” 
	Robert couldn’t help but grin and stifled off a laugh. “Really?” 
	Jacob opened his eyes. “Nah, just thought I’d try it out.  Figure some things are worth at least dipping your toes in.”
	“How’d it work out for you?” 
	“Sleep feels a hell of a lot better.” 
	“That makes one of us,” Robert laughed.  He continued his journey, soon passing up the marine sitting on the ground. 
	“What’s up?” Jake lit a cigarette before he started in slow pursuit. 
	“Walt told Brooke he was gonna try something out.  He wasn’t specific on anything, makes me kinda worried.” 
	“What?” Jake laughed. “It’s not like he’s gonna pick up some zombies and sick them on the militia.” No response made the laugh fade. “Rob?” 
	“You’re asking the wrong guy the wrong question, jarhead.” 
	Jacob rubbed a palm over his unkempt head of hair. “Does this still look like a jar to you?” 
	Robert laughed as the two headed up the incline.  Another ten paces would find them on concrete steps leading into the cluster of cabins and storage rooms.  Their conversation didn’t last, as either were too busy digging in their own imaginations for what Walter may have been doing.  Both were caught off guard, quicker even to draw weapons from holsters at a warning yelled at them. “Stop!” 
	Jacob had his eye trained down the iron sights of his .357, the same could be said for Robert and his Beretta.  Both were quick to lower their guard upon seeing the horrified gaze of a soldier ranking PFC. “Sorry,” Jacob apologized as he put his revolver away. 
	“What’s wrong?” Robert asked.  The kid pointed a finger down.  Out of the loop, both quickly followed the pointer to a few inches off the ground.  A small, black cord, invisible to those who weren’t watching their step.  And connected to it, a few feet away stood a sinister piece of artillery. “Claymores?” 
	Jacob smirked. “This what Walter was talking about?” 
	The Specialist nodded. “Yeah,” His patch spelled Riggs.  Neither of the two had personally met him, nor did they find the enthusiasm to log another name that would end up being mixed around with the other two dozen veterans.  At least the new guys came with nametags if one forgot. “Keep your eyes open.  There’s about twenty more where that came from, all wired to blow.” 
	“Thanks,” Rob stepped well over the fuse before setting one foot on the other side.  Jacob behaved similarly to avoid detonating the anti-personnel mine.  A few strides further came one of the common bathrooms.  Right around that corner, the party now consisting of three were careful to step over yet another mine rigged to blow. 
	Jacob determined the leader of Echo team, Staff Sergeant Chad Crawford, making several markers along a specific route. “You gonna be okay around all this ordnance?” 
	A thumb-up was given in silent reply once Chad finished spreading a yellow strip of electric tape on concrete.  The yellow lines made a perfect, luminous path from reflective sunlight. “We know where we’re gonna be,” Chad nodded. 
	Rob shrugged at the Staff Sergeant. “Should have given me a heads up, I almost shot one of your men.”
	“I said something about watching your step, didn’t I?” 
	“I never heard about it,” Rob answered. “But if you have this many mines, why are they all going in the same place.” 
	“We’re taking advantage of a decoy.  Remember what I said about structure control.  There’s a lot of buildings back here, where a lot of people could ‘potentially’ hide.” 
	“This many mines could have been deployed all over camp.” 
	“We got heavy munitions set up on the other side of camp already, and my entire team is deployed to watch the southeast to west.” 
	Robert folded his arms.  It was acceptable circumstance.  He never once considered the lethality achieved for the outpost.  Twenty-six trained soldiers, plus a half dozen amateurs, and two veteran marksman.  And that wasn’t counting the roof guns, IED, det-cord, or claymores.  Travis was bringing a militia to their doorstep on the following day.  He’d need an armada, Robert tried to boast mentally.  He was the only one who heard such a thought, and the only demoralized to know its veracity. 
	“Alright,” Rob nodded. “I trust you’ll get the job done.” Something was amiss this morning, however.  Derek was absent from the group. “You see my second?” 
	He felt a nudge to the arm from Jake, and followed the former’s outstretched arm. “They’re over at the shooting range.” 
	“They?” 
	Walter removed the safety pin from the final claymore. “Derek went with the Master Sergeant.  They’re trying out Ken’s old rifle.” The Staff Sergeant focused every one of the nearby fatigues. “We’re all set and ready to go. Rob,” 
	“Yeah,” 
	“If you could collect everyone for a meeting and tell them to keep their feet away from this hillside, I’d appreciate it.” 
	“No problem,” Robert said instantly. “I like my people to stay alive.” He collected his radio, “Outpost, there are multiple mines set up throughout Cedar Ridge.  Consider it off limits until further notice.”
	“Damn,” Zack replied over the radio in a sarcastic voice, “Right where I’m growing my weed, too.”
	Terrence laughed aloud over the comm, “A smarter man would have been growing it in the boss’ basement.”
	Rob rolled his eyes, “I hope the two of you understood my original message.”
	Derek fit a new 7.62 snug in the barrel with a quick slide of the bolt.  His first shot of a ten round drum had swung low.  Less than a foot away, Ken stood his ground and watched Derek making the slightest adjustments to the rifle scope. “You used to a gun like this?” 
	Prone with his eye down the scope, Derek depressed his trigger finger. “I’ve shot a sniper rifle before, Kenny.” He pulled the trigger.  His second shot impaled the soda can at the other end of the soccer field and sent it soaring.  Ken had to shield his eyes as a ray of light glistened off the can in mid-air. 
	“I haven’t used her since Nashville, so she could be a little rusty.” 
	“If it needs repair,” Derek swung his vision up, “I haven’t noticed.” 
	“Well, maintenance isn’t repair.” 
	“I know,” the shooter scoffed as he rose to his feet. “I used to be a maintenance man, Chris never let us repair anything.  That was a job for the ‘repairman.” 
	“I haven’t met Chris yet.” 
	Derek’s head fell, the cause of death incited by memory and suppressed rage. “I’m sorry to say you won’t get the privilege…I killed him.” Derek admitted openly. 
	Ken froze.  It wasn’t fear or anxiety, but the complexion of Derek’s person once the crime was spoken. “Why?” 
	“I wanted revenge against some bad people.  My son had been killed,” he clenched his teeth, self-degrading himself with every passing moment. “I wanted them all to suffer for it.  Even the woman…even the children.  We attacked at night; snuck in quiet and started wreaking havoc from the inside.  In ten minutes it was over, and everyone realized what I had done.  Robert had to shoot me to keep me from executing a ten year old.” Derek stopped abruptly. 
	Ken sighed. “It doesn’t sound like you murdered him.”
	“I didn’t pull the trigger, but I convinced him to go.  I told him there were only going to be mercenaries out there.  He put himself in front of a bullet that was meant for me.” 
	In the distance, both spotted a few bodies advancing toward them. “Sounds like a noble guy.” 
	“Two weeks after he died, his daughter killed herself.  Who are you to say I didn’t kill both of them?” 
	The Master Sergeant laughed. “Believe it or not, I know some things about death.  I’ve been there and back a couple of times.  I never wanted to stay, feeling I had a purpose to serve on this earth.  But ever since Serenity…I haven’t been so lucky to know that purpose.” 
	“What’s Serenity?” 
	“We refer to the nuclear detonation in Los Angeles as Serenity.  Might as well call it Serenity One, since it wasn’t the last nuke to go off in the states.” The faces of the approaching party were identifiable a second after he finished. “All I’m saying is this: death comes for us all.  When and where it happens doesn’t matter.  All that matters is what you contributed in life.  And the afterlife isn’t that bad, speaking from experience.” 
	“Rob’s given me plenty of stories about heaven.  I’m only wondering if I qualify.” Derek stopped as soon as the duo of Jacob and Robert appeared. 
	“Like the gun?” Jake asked.  He’d seen some days with an identical sniper system and knew its pros and cons like the back of his hand. 
	Derek nodded. “I shoot better with a 7.62 than a .50 Cal BMG.” 
	“It’s quite a tradeoff,” shrugged the marine. “Increased accuracy with a smaller bullet or a guaranteed one shot kill.” 
	“You need the accuracy to get that one shot kill,” Rob pointed out. 
	The party moved as one, soon reaching a parked humvee on the blacktop a few meters away.  From the back seat, Master Sergeant Owens took a few seconds to find what he was looking for. “Last I looked,” he retrieved three magazines from inside, “you got maybe thirty rounds, so don’t shoot what you can’t hit.” 
	“What’s her range?” 
	“They say it’s only good up to eight hundred meters, but I’ve made it work at nine with the right adjustments.  If I had any .338s left over, you would have double that range.” 
	“No worries,” Derek set the weapon to safe before he threw the strap over his shoulder. 
	Robert spoke up, “Before you have any accidents, the whole area around Cedar Ridge is wired with claymores.” 
	Kenneth saw something in Rob’s eye. “You seem tense.” 
	“All things considered, this place is gonna be a bloodbath in another sixteen hours.” Both he and Ken started toward the dining hall.  Meanwhile, Jacob and Derek redistributed back to the meadow cabins to report the same warning to anyone left out of the loop.  Several seconds passed in silence, neither brainstorming a word to start a conversation.  Left with nothing to do, Robert sat in a seat facing the gate.  The inner screens to the dining hall had all been removed to allow visibility for anyone inside.  On the other side of the pane, however, a thick green obscured outsiders from looking in. 
	“Where are you from?” Ken asked from an adjacent seat. 
	Robert took a moment to answer.  Home wasn’t something he usually recalled by memory.  Five years at war made them all but fade from his mind. “Bradenton.” 
	“Hmm,” the Master Sergeant nodded his head. “I never pitted you from Florida.” 
	“Sad, but true.” 
	“Sad?” Ken asked. 
	Robert sighed deeply. “I can barely remember the name of the town where I used to live.  May as well have been born in Iraq.” 
	A laugh, “Looks like the two of us have more in common than we thought.” 
	“Where are you from?” Robert had to ask now. 
	“Athens.” 
	“Greece?” Robert was astounded. 
	“Close, Georgia.” Ken smirked. “Wouldn’t have minded seeing Greece, though.  I wanted to travel the world in high school.” 
	“I spent freshman to senior year researching the best methods to kill zombies and running touchdowns.” 
	“Balanced geek with jock, nice.” 
	Robert sighed. “Now that I remember, A&M tried to recruit me.” 
	“Really?  Why’d you opt out of that?” 
	“By senior year, I was getting as many carries as injuries.  I was tired of sports and wanted a skill that I could benefit from.” 
	“What were your hopes, the SWAT team’s sharpshooter unit?” Another silence brought a shiver up the Master Sergeant’s spine.  If there was one thing he hated, it had to be nothingness.  War was loud, unforgiving, and hellish with every passing moment.  He regretted missing something so horrible. 
	“I thought I could use the tactics if there were ever a civil war or, like I came to anticipate, zombies.  But after five years in the military, I had to grow up.  I had to be the deciding factor at my Colonel’s court-martial.  I watched my commanding officer martyr himself to save me.  Then as soon as I grew up, the zombies came.  Better than that, my Colonel came back to give me the parting gift I tried so desperately to avoid.  That was part of the reason I moved out here.” His jaw quivered, flashes of a previous span of life with the one he loved most. 
	Ken could hear an undertone of sorrow in Robert’s voice. “Nicole,” he spoke. “She was yours?” 
	Robert nodded. “She was mine, so was her baby.  Until somebody put a gun to her back and pulled the trigger.” Once more, Rob was privy to hear an everlasting echo of the gunshot and Nicole’s cries in her last moments. “She died in my arms.” He wiped a tear from his eye. “I’m sorry,” he said, stifling the pain. 
	“Don’t be,” Ken’s voice grew stern. “I’m not.” 
	This drew a hint of curiosity from Robert. “What’s that supposed to mean?” 
	“I didn’t realize how similar we were until now.  A few minutes after we heard Serenity was going to flatten half of Los Angeles, I deserted my platoon to save my wife from the blast.  But as fast as I drove, I was still too late.  She’d taken her own life, unwilling to hold fast in a city called anarchy.” 
	Robert’s brow furrowed, since the words spoken nearly matched his own.  Both had lost their loves by force of the plague. “What was her name?” 
	“Lizzie,” he almost wept speaking her name. “God, I don’t think I ever cried so hard in my life.  She was everything to me for so long, she prayed every day hoping I’d make it back home from the war.” He retrieved a locket from inside a patch on his vest.  Inside, he opened it to see the same auburn hair and green eyes. “I wouldn’t have made it this far if it wasn’t for her.” 
	“You’re right,” Robert chuckled, “we do have a lot in common.” 
	“I never had the chance to bury my wife, though.” 
	“It’s never too late,” Robert pointed out. 
	Ken scoffed. “I left her body in California.” 
	“We could have a service for her.  If you’re one of us, so was she.” Ken threw him a stare matching compliment with sorrow. Robert returned him a nod. “It’s better than remembering her as ashes and dust.” 
	Ken clenched his teeth.  He hated leaving her behind, even after she was dead.  She deserved better.  And he wouldn’t deny her that. “Thank you.” Fifteen minutes later spotted both Robert and Kenneth standing over the graves of six.  In Robert’s hands, two planks of wood dangled in a gentle grip.  He seemed frozen in time, staring at one cross in the middle.  Ages passed in seconds, with Ken looking among the displaced dirt. “You bury your dead?” 
	“Why wouldn’t we?” 
	Ken shrugged. “Just opinion.  I grew up in a family that cremated their dead.  Saves the energy digging up dirt.”
	“I had to bury her,” Robert shot him a steadfast look. “I failed her.” 
	Ken ripped the wooden stakes from Robert’s hands. “How long have you been blaming yourself for her death?” 
	“Six months,” he replied. 
	“And how long do you think she’d want you to blame yourself?” Robert didn’t have an answer. “Exactly,” Ken nodded after taking in the silence for a failure to answer. “You say someone shot her in the back?  And she died in your arms?  So you were close enough to witness it, but not fast enough to prevent it?” 
	“Yeah.” 
	“You can’t put it on yourself, Bobby.  You know why?” 
	“Why?” 
	Ken drove the pointed end of the longer of two planks into the soft grass and dirt. “You didn’t pull the trigger.” 
	“I got Travis booted from the Army and he paid me back for it in the worst of ways.” 
	“So it was Travis,” Ken hammered a nail to form a cross, “It was Travis who murdered Nicole.  I never blamed myself for Lizzie dying.” He started to write in the name of his wife with a permanent marker of all things.  Little if any other resources still existed.  Tombstones didn’t come in great supply in the middle of a forest either. “I just wish she was born Catholic.” He rose to his feet and took a few steps back to examine the work he’d done. 
	“Would you like to say something?” 
	Ken shook his head. “I said enough over the last year.  My words would be hollow over an empty grave.  She knows what she meant to me.  I only hope she can guide me back to her when my time is up.” 
	A setting sun didn’t ease any feelings.  While the entirety of persons at the outpost numbering 44 gathered for a dinner, few had the stomach to eat.  Jacob, it seemed, was the only one who could hold his dinner.  He glanced around the tables of few conversations with disdain. “This is a lively group.” 
	“Sorry, Jacob,” Derek said across the room, “but some of us don’t share your optimism.  Not all of us spent twenty years behind a gun.” 
	“You don’t sound like we can win this fight.” 
	Derek’s eyes peered a few seats down from his own.  He spotted Katie, who shared a similar look of concern. “Thirty versus a hundred doesn’t give me any peace of mind.”
	Jacob was silenced by words that never rang truer. “Nice of you to kill my buzz,” grumbled the Marine before taking another bite from his apple. 
	Awkward emptiness took up another three minutes.  Lexie, sitting across from Robert, drew a smile. “Maybe we should pray.” 
	Though Rob had been trying to avoid contact with anyone until the day was over, her request struck a cord. “That doesn’t sound like a bad idea.” He’d never found himself religious.  Nicole’s death had all but diminished his will to believe.  At least, until her soul had sent him parting words and a kiss three days after her life ended.  He remembered a conversation about which side God chose.  Was there really a side he chose, or did he purposely work to match the good and the evil? 
	Robert rose to his feet. “Can I have everyone’s attention?” Everyone was directed to him in a moment’s notice. “I want to pray for tomorrow.  For everyone.  And if religion offends or dissuades you, you’re free to leave.” 
	Chad, sitting in the seat opposite Jacob, shook his head. “Nobody’s leaving, Bobby.  I’d actually be glad to join you in this sermon.” 
	Jake nodded to him as well. “Count me in.” 
	Another dozen including Mitch, Savannah, and even Terrence had requested permission to join in prayer while none spread any sarcastic or rude commentary in audience.  Robert was first, though his voice was one of many to utter words hammered into his head by Nicole.
	After dinner, the group disbanded from the dining hall.  Fire teams split up and headed for their stations.  Morning would rise sooner than anyone wished, and with that rising sun the war would begin.  Robert was the only one to remain in the dining room.  His bed for the night was already set up only a flight of stairs above.  Sunset meant it was anywhere between 6:30 and 8:00.  Every station was instructed to be up by four in the morning, though time was impossible to know for certain unless one was inside a car.  It didn’t matter to Robert.  He didn’t feel the least bit tired, his heartbeat too erratic to even consider sleep.  The suspense was too much for dreams to cloud his conscious mind.
	Robert saw many of the group off, his mind racing on events to unfold in less than a day.  He silently contemplated the ultimatum once again.  His was a sacrifice worth making.  But if he left everyone here to die, they would be lost.  Their efforts to survive would mean nothing if he sacrificed himself.  There was no way to know if Travis would honor his word or come back to set the camp ablaze.
	Walter stepped alongside Rob. “I know what you’re thinking,” Walt whispered as the group was left to a few stragglers. “Don’t.”
	“One for forty three?  The price seems more than fair.”
	Walter pulled Rob into the shadows, “You go out there, not only do you lose your life…we lose your rifle.”
	“I’ll take out as many as I can--”
	“I’m not going to give you a choice, Robert.  Wipe that thought out of your memory…now.” Walter eyeballed the younger man a few seconds longer, then slowly turned and walked away.
	While the largest group lingered in a slow walk back to the cabins, Derek felt compelled to act on his instinct.  A few steps behind, he called “Kate.” 
	The redhead stopped. “What is it?”
	“I’ve been meaning to talk to you.”
	“About what?”
	“About us?”
	She shook her head. “What about us?” 
	Derek sighed. “A while ago, you said you loved the person whom I used to be.  I never wanted to be anything different.”
	“The Derek I remember didn’t kill people.”
	“The first time I killed someone, I didn’t kill for myself.  I wanted to protect our people.  I wanted to protect you.” Her hazel eyes met his for the first time in months.  So long avoiding one another made Derek forget just how beautiful Kate was. “I’m still trying to protect you.” 
	“What do you want from me?” 
	“I want you to give me a second chance.  Our relationship ended because I did something horrible that I can never forgive myself for.  What if this is the last time I get to speak to you?” 
	A tear ran down her cheek.  He noticed from the moonlight.  Some emotions did convey from Katie’s perspective. “Don’t say that.” 
	“Even if it’s only tonight, I want you to know that I love you and always will.” 
	She wiped her eyes. “Derek.  I can’t take that chance.” 
	“Why not?” Derek clenched his teeth, his own frustration barred with grief. 
	“I can’t feel the way Robert feels, or the way Audrey felt.” 
	Derek took a step forward, his hands encircling hers.  A smile came to his face. “Taking that risk is better than cutting yourself off and hiding the truth.” 
	“You’re right,” Katie nodded, her face now drenched by sorrow. “But I can’t do this without you.” 
	“If you want me to promise not to die tomorrow, I can’t.  I can promise you this, however: even after I’m gone, I’ll still be close enough to keep you warm at night.” 
	Katie let a sparkle of happiness out among the mounting depression. “Since when did you start believing in the afterlife?” 
	“I never said I believed in the afterlife.  Well, not until Rob’s trip to the ER.” 
	“Haunt me?” She smiled. 
	Derek nodded. “As if I haven’t done that enough in this life.” Katie laughed before leaning in to kiss him.  Derek hadn’t felt this good since his last bottle of Tequila.  They parted lips after connected for almost a minute. “I might have to make that first promise to you after all.” They connected again, Kate having thrown away all her fearful expectations in the blink of an eye.  Derek was right.  Love was always worth the risk. 

Day 409
Unto the Breach

	Mist of a cold, September day in the Mountains of Arizona brought a heavy chill to the silence.  Five hours into the day, all military resources inside the camp woke.  Preparations had been made with the sixty hours they had to prepare.  A heavy chill of fear laid in the front of their minds.  For after all they’d done, they would definitely suffer casualties by the following sunset. 
	Robert, despite never spotting a wink of sleep through the night, remained the most alert of all.  His rifle was cold to the touch, the blood in his veins even colder.  Eric was just a middleman while Travis was running the show.  Travis had threatened the camp and it’s people their way of life.  Any threat against his people wouldn’t go unnoticed.  These outsiders, no matter how similar in nationality or appearance, were as hostile as the Iraqi insurgents he fought on the other side of the world. 
	From the straightaway road to the climbing tower, the UAV gained the speed necessary to lift off. “Eagle One in the air,” Technical Sergeant Collins said over the earpiece.  From inside the amphitheatre, the three Air Force NCOs were holed up.  Delta had their south for the moment while Crawford’s team Echo watched the southeast approach. 
	Miguel had a constant look at the motion trackers, and soon enough the drone would be high enough in the air to view thermals of everything.  The only thing they lacked were the two air-to-ground missiles, which were used in a more pressing matter a few weeks ago.
	Senior Airman McKown lifted his eyes to the sky. “It’s gonna rain,” he spoke silently to himself 
	“Copy that,” Walter replied over the mike.  His unit was stationed at the edge of the soccer field.  The incline leading down to blacktop offered cover where return fire could be evaded.  They had a decent look south of Rimside where they expected first penetration to occur, but nobody could be sure of anything.  This time the camp would be surrounded, as their foes would not travel the known path with an Army Colonel leading them. “Time is 4:12.” 
	Robert keyed in, “Sun’s gonna be up in about 15 minutes.” 
	“Bravo team in position south of the front gate.” Staff Sergeant Mike Logan reported. 
	Staff Sergeant Gift followed, “Charlie team covering the north.” 
	Master Sergeant Owens lifted his eyes for the first time.  He’d been listening in for the last hour or so, in a less than sleep trance.  Just time enough to get a little rest.  With a deep exhale, he slid a cigarette out from under his cap.  PFC Walsh shook him.  The rest of the team was awake, so why wasn’t he. “Master Sergeant?” 
	“Back up, Walsh,” Ken said as he lifted himself to a stand with ease.  Bumping 35 years old, he was one of the most fit and most experienced in the fight today.  He lit the smoke inside the cabin. 
	Sergeant Haley chuckled, “I thought Rob said something about no smoking inside.” 
	The Master Sergeant didn’t respond for a second.  He took a couple of drags before throwing it loose from the cabin. “Does it look like I give a damn?” 
	“What’s wrong?” Sergeant Sanchez asked.  The three of Owens’ men were camped out in the program room with him. 
	“Nothing,” he replied. “Just a feeling.  I might not get another chance to light up, if anything else.” 
	“And that would be bad for you, why?” Luke asked. 
	Ken ignored, hitting the radio. “Delta is moving into position.” 
	Walter nodded in approval.  The Master Sergeant was a little late on the dime, but everyone else was prepped and ready to go. “How you doing, Jacob?” 
	The Major rolled from a half sleep on his back to fully awake on his belly.  His rifle was positioned perfectly for his roll, giving him hold of the weapon and an immediate aim through the scope. “Good to go, Walt.” 
	Robert hit the radio, “Derek, you ready for this?” 
	Derek rose from a sit on the edge of the climbing tower. “I’ve been ready since day one.” He slid a bullet into the chamber and stared at the entirety of a tall canopy to his south.  The foliage was too dense to hit targets to the east, but he could make accurate shots all the way to Rimside. 
	Tech Sergeant Collins checked his altimeter on the view screen of the UAV. “Drone is at elevation.” 
	“Do you have a visual on the highway?” 
	“Not yet, moving there now.” Robert took a deep sigh, scanning the area.  Everything was quiet.  Wildlife in the area dropped off the map a couple of minutes ago.  Rob assumed their instincts were leading them away.  A few moments later, he was greeted by the sound of feedback. “We have visual,” Collins said. “A dozen or so trucks moving toward the 504.” 
	“Have they reached the first device yet?” 
	“They’re slowing down and moving wide around all the stopped cars on the road…single dirt bike turning on the 504 now.” 
	Walter growled after getting off the mike. “Damn it.” 
	“What does that mean?” Private Olsen asked. 
	Sergeant Myers answered it right of the bat. “Means these guys are smarter than they look, sending one guy to trip the bombs so no one else gets blown up.” 
	“Let me know as soon as it crosses the guardrail,” Jacob requested. 
	Collins answered immediately, “Roger that.” 
	Travis turned the second vehicle in the convoy onto the service road, fifty feet behind the lead vehicle at all times.  Though in the driver’s seat, he expertly loaded six slugs into a .44 Magnum.  With a glance over at his passenger, a pleasant mood conveyed from one face to the other. “I’ve given you your chance, Bobby.”
	“All due respect, Colonel,” a Hispanic male in the back seat asked. “Why’d you give them a three day warning?” 
	Travis smirked. “My negligence caused a pregnant woman to die.” He hated to hear the words coming from his mouth. “I owed him at least a choice to prevent further bloodshed.”
	“What if that choices costs more of us?”
	“You’ve killed plenty of people, Tommy.  I wouldn’t think twice about it if you took a bullet.” The group laughed at Travis’ comment.  The words weren’t honest, at least he wasn’t telling himself they were.  Travis turned his head back ahead.  From fifty feet up, his instincts flashed to the sky, where the outline of a strange craft momentarily gripped his eyes. “Everyone down,” he ordered immediately.  A split second after all three passengers dropped, Travis put his foot on the brakes.  His gap from the dirt-bike grew past one hundred feet before wheels touched the cattle guard. 
	From the drone’s camera, Collins determined the moment of crossing. “Now!” Jacob pressed the button.  In a dazzling flash of light, the metal grating lifted off the ground.  The concussive blast shredded the bike into separate pieces and left the driver mangled and mutilated on the side of the road.
	As the grate bounced back onto the floor, Travis smirked. “Good trick,” he looked back up at the UAV he could recognize after stopping. “But I’m just as good.” 
	In an instant, the driver spun the wheel hard to the right.  As he maneuvered the truck around the cattle guard, pushing over a barbed wire fence without incident, the front passenger grabbed his own radio. “Follow us around it.  Donny, take the lead.” 
	“Hell, no!” Replied a voice. 
	“Fine,” Travis didn’t care for his men’s lack of confidence.  As he hit solid dirt again, the driver pumped the gas pedal. 
	Collins acknowledged “One casualty.  Convoy is still moving forward.” 
	Robert clicked his jaw, sliding a full clip into the M110 rifle.  He locked the first round in place as he spotted the headlights of a number of vehicles.  One of the trucks made the full turn onto the driveway leading to their gates.  Through his scope, he could see the face of Travis in the driver’s seat. 
	The disgraced Colonel removed himself from the vehicle.  His face didn’t look of shame or guilt.  It looked of anticipation and eagerness.  He took a number of strides to the front gate before spotting a two-way radio.  Travis smirked with a glance around the buildings in the camp.  The darkness of early morning was soon to be shrouded by a black storm. “Guess this means you choose the hard way.” 
	Robert lifted the other radio. “I don’t see any difficulty to my decisions, Travis.  This is the only way.” 
	“Going up against me isn’t the smartest idea.  I promised you a bloodbath.”
	“You’ll get what you wish for.  And I promise you’ll feel how I felt before I kill you.”
	“You realize what this means, don’t you?  If mine have to engage, they will continue to engage until every one of your people are dead.” 
	Robert sighed, “You come to my doorstep and offer to kill everyone I’ve come to know and love.  That carries repercussions I know you don’t want to feel.  This is your last chance.  Back off.” 
	Travis laughed loud enough to stir four men near him to join in the fray. “If I knew you were this dumb, I would have brought half as many soldiers.” 
	“You’ll need an army twice as large to break the will of my people.” Robert tempted.  It was a lie that he knew Travis wouldn’t buy.  They wouldn’t convey the message until the battle was well more than half way finished. “I want you to remember something.  I have a hair trigger pointed at your chest, but I haven’t fired.  I gave you the warning to leave.  Now that you’ve promised a commitment of death and destruction to my family, it won’t be enough to satisfy me.  I’m a better breed of evil.  I’ll make sure you suffer for what you’ve done.”
	Robert launched the first round in the rifle, the trajectory swerving an inch from Travis’ neck and plunging into the chest of Tommy directly behind him.  The caliber’s force imploded a cavity several inches from the point of impact.  Travis turned on his heels with spotting the first of his men drop.  His men raised their rifles, but had nothing to shoot other than a flash in the distance that they couldn’t yet see.
	Charlie and Bravo teams simultaneously rose from their foxholes.  Through their sights, triggers squeezed to push back the first wave of many.  Four men went down without letting off a shot.  Behind the roof gun Specialist Martin spun up his turret, spouting a shrill hum.  The hose released thousands of rounds per minute into the truck directly ahead. 
	From the service road, several men disembarked from their vehicles and started to cut across, mostly south of the front gate.  A second went by before a group realized they were under fire.  Jacob launched the first round from his Intervention, the suppressor hiding his location.  With this heavy of fire nobody would hear where his shots were coming from.  He loaded the second bullet into the chamber within a tenth of a second of delivering the first round.  Jacob spotted the rest of the group of five.  Two were stopped, examining the body.  Using care, he delivered a shot that would hopefully incapacitate two at once.  He fired, sending a bullet through one man’s shoulder and another’s abdomen.  Both dropped with the single shot, bringing the Major to grin. 
	Bravo units south of the front gate were taking more fire.  Charlie had a good visual on the area north of the gate encompassed by thick brush.  Bravo however was dug deep in a clearing where cars used to be parked.  If any entry happened, Charlie team would be able to hold them down for a short time, what with better concealment.
	Specialist Norton was with PFC Riggs, holding the retreat from the creek bed cutting through camp via their squad leader’s orders.  Unlike the others, Mike cared a lot more for his younger guys, enough so to keep them out of harms way when possible.  Staff Sergeant Logan and Sergeant York predicted they could do a better job with fewer heads the enemy could shoot back at, too.  Both employed gunfire to the several moving targets approaching from the west.  Mike hit the ground, “Reloading!” 
	“Copy that,” York peeked out behind a tree to fire a few shots downrange. 
	Both Riggs and Norton had their eyes peeled on more than a dozen soldiers cutting from the road on a straight path for the maintenance yard.  Hitting a moving target was harder than either expected.  One by one, they were reluctant to expend every bullet from their magazines and only dropped one or two hostiles. 
	Charlie team was spread out ten meters back from the gate, five meters apart.  Three men stood their ground while Specialist Martin unloaded the rest of the humvee’s chain gun at any movement visible.  In charge, Aaron Gift’s ground force took advantage of trees left standing.  The attackers’ focus didn’t point to three riflemen on the ground as much as the chain gun’s artillery ripping through their ranks.  It was safe to assume they were holding their own. 
	Robert continued to fire on targets of opportunity.  Forty or more soldiers were pressing hard from the west and the ten people stationed to hold them off weren’t going to last long.  Miguel keyed into the radio. “Movement detected to the southwest, near Rimside.” 
	Collins followed soon after. “The drone’s spotted some fast-movers to the north.  Looks like they’re heading for the wash.  Plus thirty moving through the forest to the southeast.  They’re breaking into multiple groups.  Alpha, Delta, and Echo squads should all have visual in the next ninety.” 
	Echo squad’s Staff Sergeant Chad Crawford responded in a moment, “Roger that.” His unit was deployed near the Cedar Ridge cabins, their job to watch the southeast approach.  A scan of the individual faces of his men didn’t bode well.  The Private First Class under his command didn’t appear well off. “What’s wrong, Ty?” 
	The PFC disrupted his fearful view from a nearby window. “Just another day?” 
	“I forget, you never went to war.  You barely made it on Nova when the virus struck.” 
	“How have I handled myself?” 
	“You looked like a vet during Nashville and St. Louis.” 
	“Don’t remind me,” he staved off a gracious smile. “It’s a whole different ballgame now.” 
	“Not really,” Sergeant Blake Sellers answered openly. “Nashville had three times as many guns trying to kill us at any given time, not to mention the zombies walking the streets.  That was a bloodbath compared to what we have here.” 
	Crawford chuckled. “Making the comparison a little early, aren’t you?” In the distance, they could hear the first of many gunshots being expended.  A different caliber shot off within three hundred feet of them. 
	“Maybe,” Blake answered, “But I keep a positive outlook no matter the situation.” 
	Miguel keyed in, “Echo, they’re closing in on you from a clearing to the east.” 
	Chad lifted himself above the window’s frame.  Outside, he could see several spots crossing the plain. “Roger that, Echo moving to intercept.” He gave Tyler a nod. “You got my back?” 
	“Never said anything otherwise, Staff Sergeant.” 
	“Call me Chad,” The NCO was a little surprised. “This patch is six months old anyway.” He led the squad of four out the door.  Weapon ready to fire, all the natural belief in a quickly approaching death washed away from Chad’s mind.  What mattered was the mission.  Split up into seven squads with three sharpshooters to provide that much more aid, the objective was divided equally.  But would equivalent numbers spread out cause them grief or see them through one of the largest conflicts Outpost Seven would recognize in its existence? 
	Lexie examined the meadow ahead.  One cabin they occupied was their priority, noncombatants safety being objective one.  They spread out across several windows with eyes shifting back and forth from the north and south.  Wherever the enemy came, they’d need to answer in a moment’s notice.  Not far away a squad of four were in the adjacent cabin.  Miguel’s eyes never left the motion trackers.  Mitch and both the Navy veterans Ben and Terrence occupied the same building.  They’d be a good decoy and had another vantage over the next insurgency, along with the manpower and ability to respond to a sneak attack. 
	Ben heard the sound of dirt bikes and ATVs to the northwest. “That sounds interesting.”
	Terrence smirked, “Sounds like cannon fodder to me.”
	Derek hit the comm, “Hostiles have reached Rimside.” He sent the first round, strafing into a running soldier’s upper leg.  Walter’s unit turned to engage, where they soon found more direct threats south of the buildings than any previously expected.  The four infantrymen started firing single shots over a spread of twenty or more gunmen with more focus on getting close than responding. “Jake, you might get a couple stragglers coming toward you.” 
	The sniper rose to a stand and leaned out the other side.  Aiming down the scope, a figure appeared.  Jacob pulled the trigger, “Copy that,” he said calmly while he dispersed the empty magazine. 
	While Jacob’s rifle may have been silent and invisible in the early morning, Derek’s was a bright, loud flash that attracted like fireworks.  He’d barely emptied his first clip when individual bursts of gunfire struck the climbing tower from six directions.  Derek dropped to his back as the whistles compiled around him. “Taking heavy fire to the south!” 
	The Master Sergeant looked out from their cover in the archery alley.  The flashes of a dozen different muzzles were partially obscured by the forest.  Darkness was the only true giveaway.  Ken jumped from his cover, releasing the safety of his M4 carbine. “Delta is en route.” The rest of his team followed a few seconds behind, wondering what Owens was getting them into.  In five seconds, they were at the next edge of trees, visibility greatly improved through the black and green thickness.  Ken sprayed the first two rounds, both impacting separate men in the head and chest. 
	Derek rose to his feet. “Thanks,” he yelled loud enough for Ken to hear.  Moments later, he aimed down the sights and took down a foe to his immediate south focused away from the climbing tower.  His view was attracted by something to his east.  More movement…a lot more, to be specific.  Twenty or more had since breached the southeast cordon and were pushing through the Cedar Ridge cabins. 
	Peering around a corner, Crawford was able to see a squad of five with weapons raised.  They were investigating.  Soon enough, the game would be set.  Their claymores had been dispersed throughout blind spots along the cabin walkway. But those were only meant to be a final layer of defense before Echo had to withdraw.  And their withdrawal put them on a strict course to evade the same mines they planted.  Deviations from that course would be fatal. 
	He sent a glance to the Sergeant on the other side of the corridor. “Fire at will,” Chad whispered.  His weapon peeked out of the corner just enough to fire a bullet accurately.  The shot blew into his mark’s arm, yet the victim accepted it with a shout and a jump.  Less than a second following his shot, larger projectiles screamed furiously through the cabin walls. 
	Reeling from the repercussions of his first shot, Chad dropped beneath the saws of fire.  His Sergeant was quick to respond and fired five shots with less accuracy but more speed.  Two shooters fell by his actions.  But he was also forced away from the spread of gunshots.  As Chad peeked his gun out again, a bullet strafed him on the thigh.  He retreated from their fire before more bullets could penetrate the skin. 
	Ken sprinted past the climbing tower, diving into a small ravine.  His unit followed suit.  Further examination of movement didn’t lift his spirits. “Tech Sergeant, you’re going to have some guys crawling up your ass in about five minutes.  We’ll hold them off as long as we can.” 
	“Roger that,” Collins replied over the radio. 
	“We’re doing all we can here,” Crawford sent his status as well. 
	“Chad,” the Private yelled.  He was stationed a few meters back.  A spurt of movement directly behind the team leader caught his eye.  Before the gunman could pull the trigger, Tyler put him on the floor. 
	The Staff Sergeant glanced back at the work done by his fellow soldier.  He smirked, regarding how the PFC had addressed him by name rather than rank. “Impressive.” 
	Terrence, though aged, remained one of the most accurate shooters with a rifle of such capabilities.  His vision had only improved from his physical nature and choices, not to mention cataract surgery.  That came in useful instantly as he spotted a crew of two climbing over the fencing directly north of Meadowlark’s cabins.  Terrence dropped to a knee and pulled the trigger.  The blast knocked the climbing man several feet backwards, dead on his back with a 5.56 in his sternum.  The second dropped back to return fire, giving Terrence only a moment to respond.  He ducked, evading five shots as they rang out over his nest. 
	Ben called it in, “Gunshots to the north, moving to suppress.” 
	Mitch was already on the move, circling north to the end of the patio where he could have a clear shot.  Upon visual recognition he launched three precision rounds, dropping the mercenary where he stood. “Tango down,” he replied, his eyes focused to their north now.  Hopefully it wouldn’t get much worse than that.  Little did he know, the rest were circling around on bikes to the wash.  They’d come from the supposed escape route, planning on cutting the innocent off. 
	Both teams holding the front gate found it hellish compared to what they had gone through before.  Fighting a zombie pandemic wasn’t too bad, because zombies never shot back.  Some of them missed the heat of combat, others only wanted to feel the buzz for a moment.  Now that the exchange had gone to guns, this seemed never-ending in a matter of six minutes. 
	The enemy was penetrating to their north.  Sergeant Kurt Simms, holding the far right, had taken responsibility for two people breaching the gate and trying to punch deeper in.  A third caught his eye at the last second.  Kurt dropped the carbine in his hands, drawing his Beretta and expunging four rounds at a target trying to rush him.  Thankfully, the silenced pistols his opponent was firing in both hands didn’t have any aim to them, every shot missing wildly. 
	One unfriendly soul weaved through several gunshots trained Army soldiers had delivered.  His motions were cool, fluid, and careful passing through every vantage and behind every shooter.  Ducking behind a felled tree right at the gate, he spotted a hole Travis’ men had used to push inside the perimeter.  Though only one invader still clutched life beside a rifle, the access seemed more than capable. 
	He glanced up, spotting the unrelenting gunfire being released from the mini-gun atop the Army transport.  Going back into cover, he took a deep breath.  Composed, the mercenary lifted himself out of cover and aimed through the target recticle of a rocket-propelled-grenade launching system.  The pull of a trigger exploded the canister, shooting the anti-tank rocket into a spiral. 
	Simms saw the rocket disperse and quickly expelled the shooter.  But the damage to come was irreversible.  Nothing he could do would change anything in the very small timeframe.  From the gun of the humvee, Specialist Martin felt his heart skip a beat as the rocket’s unpredictable path didn’t deviate from him.  He dropped into the cab, hoping to reach the door before the rocket arrived.  No such luck befell the young soldier.  Upon impact, a massive concussive explosion blew the gas tank and engine in a single blast, lifting the truck a number of feet from the ground by the force of the detonation.  Flames spewed from every inch of the truck when it hit the ground.
	Robert’s scope caught the fireball and momentarily blinded him.  In response, Robert turned his aim away.  The blast caught the reflection of the rifle scope, zoning multiple shooters to the gunman upstairs.  Robert heard pops from wood splintering as shots focused on the sniper perch.  The sniper reacted quickly, leaving his gun and rolling behind the steel vent unit before a lucky shot took him out.  In all of a few seconds, the gunfire subsided from his position. “It never gets old here.” He returned to his rifle and drew down on the frontline.
	Staff Sergeant Gift was blown off his feet by the blast.  Luckily, the heat wasn’t close enough to cause burns or shrapnel injuries.  He solemnly looked at the wreckage, mesmerized by the beauty of the fire. “This is Charlie, we’ve got a man down.” 
	Walter spun on his axis, despite the heavy gun battle raging around him.  Even from here, a jutting fireball was very noticeable under such dark clouds and a blotted out sun.  Hostiles were firing on them from the south.  However, the coordination Walter’s squad had been taking advantage of forced their attacking foes to divert back in vegetation and move east.  Since their foes couldn’t engage targets removing threats one-by-one, their intent was to go around. 
	Walter had to regroup with Delta and hopefully drive them away from the southeast cordon.  He spotted the flames in the distance again.  It wasn’t a major loss yet.  Still, the facts of war never changed.  At least one of his men were going to die this day.  Perhaps Walter would lose his life.  With the odds stacked so heavily against them, nobody was sure they’d get through this alive. “What’s the situation over there?” 
	Gift looked up from his cover for a moment, dropping down before four shots impacted solid turf right before him. “OpFor spreading north.  Martin is down, our humvee is dead.  We’re expecting breaches to double in the next thirty seconds.” 
	“Roger that.  Charlie team fall back to the dining hall, Bravo to the chapel.  You too, Jacob, we don’t need anyone getting left behind.” 
	Jacob glanced behind him, spotting two runners coming down the road from Rimside.  He fired a single round without even getting a perfect look down his sights.  Expending the empty cartridge, he deployed the second in a fraction of a second, dropping his successive mark still searching for the source of the bullet. “Don’t worry too much.  I’ve got company for the moment.” He hung up the radio and hummed as his eye centered on the crosshairs, “Bad, bad company, until the day I die.”
	Aaron looked up once again.  After seeing his enemies at the gate, he turned to the three members of his squad. “We need to reach the wash before anything.  You’re first, Corporal.” 
	Anthony nodded his head sarcastically. “Thanks for putting me in the jump seat again.” With that, he rose from prone to a stand, sprinting ten yards until jumping behind a thick layer of shrub.  He rose his head, firing down range on targets ten yards more distant.  Gift gave the signal for Simms to go before peeking over the dirt pile.  While Kurt sprinted back twenty yards, the Staff Sergeant unloaded a last fifteen rounds from his gun at the seven enemies carving holes into the fence.  Not all were lethal hits, but incapacitation was preferable over kill shots.  At least in a moral sense. 
	Gift dropped behind his cover when his weapon clicked empty.  Further back from Anthony, he saw the muzzle flash of Kurt’s rifle, indicating it was his turn to go.  No point to reload now, but expel the empty mag adding another few ounces to an already heavy pack.  Aaron sprinted out of a crouch, surpassing Anthony in two seconds flat.  Another second beyond the Sergeant’s distance and he turned to cover Gomez once more.  As soon as the Corporal passed Kurt, the Sergeant moments after did the same.  Gift was always last in line. “This is Charlie, we’ve reached the creek bed.” 
	South of the gate, Bravo’s effort was made exponentially harder in a moment’s notice.  A powerful blast left a huge fireball in the wake of what used to be the front gate.  Robert was getting tired of counting the times they had to fix that.  Still in the dining hall, his rate of fire had doubled accuracy when the invading force started to push relentlessly forward.  But it wasn’t slowing down their foes at the gates any bit.  His vision was obscured for several moments by the dust kick-up result of the explosion.  Scanning north of the gate, he could see movement, but the distance was harder to determine. “Bravo, how you guys holding up?” Robert asked. 
	“Logan here,” Mike yelled over hot barrels echoing less than twenty feet away. “We’re holding up like a Styrofoam cup!  Lucky these guys can’t shoot for shit!” He and Sergeant Brett York were taking the brunt of the fire, taking advantage of two of the largest trees to absorb gunfire.  With the amount of fire nature’s process had took the force of, neither of them would be surprised of it toppling from above. 
	“Bravo,” Walter said over the comm, “fall back to the chapel now.  You can’t take that much fire without support.” 
	“Bravo copies,” Mike replied, “pulling back now.” He gave the signal to Brett several feet behind. “Get to the creek, I’ll be right behind you.” Brett nodded and shot out of his cover.  Michael flung his rifle around the tree, firing wildly and blindly to keep the shooters off York’s scent.  Eight bullets remained in his clip, all of them letting loose automatically.  Michael relieved the empty magazine of its duties.  To his immediate right he spotted movement.  A gunman, raising a high caliber pistol toward him. 
	Logan released all the tension in his legs, letting him fall to the forest floor.  A bullet sifted over his helmet by centimeters.  During his fall, Mike switched to his sidearm.  As soon as he hit the ground, the Staff Sergeant fired two shots, one hitting the hostile in the chest, the following in the neck.  With the pistol in hand, he sprinted for the wash.
	Barely reaching the creek, Logan dove for the ground.  A shot scraped into his upper right arm.  The Staff Sergeant fell forward, grunting painfully from the initial impact of the wound. “Son of a bitch,” he exclaimed with a glance at the less-than-lethal wound.  No arteries, no bones, just a couple of spatters.  Patch it up soon enough.  The rest of his team were only a few steps ahead.  Mike kept a careful height around him using the overgrown vegetation more to his aid than he previously noticed.  Clamping his wound with the free hand also helped make him less of a target.  As the four of them withdrew, eventually reaching the wash, the lines they were holding opened like floodgates.  Not even Jacob could handle every head. 
	Fate granted Jacob another chance at life this particular morning.  Unlike previous gun battles that left him wounded at least, his world was deprived a sense instead of a pint of blood.  Three shooters approached the lift, climbing over the fence to the maintenance yard.  He had been more determined with the advancing crowds to his north and disregarded the already numerous west of his location.  Gunshots rang out, and judgments were decided with bullets in fractions of a second. 
	Jacob dropped, leaning his head over his rifle as he tumbled onto his side.  A bullet missed him by a centimeter.  Vegetation on the shoulder of his ghillie suit refracted explosive air current of the projectile.  It slid over his ear, the proximity to fragile human flesh collapsing Jacob’s eardrum. 
	Being half deaf was an experience all its own.  Jacob suffered partial hearing loss to tank shells being expended back in Iraq, but nothing compared to this.  Utter silence in one ear, muffled shots in all directions through the other.  Jake shook his head, realizing too late he couldn’t shake off this deafness.  His left ear tingled a little bit, but no hemorrhaging, nothing truly serious.  There might have been brain damage, even. ‘Oh, well,’ he thought, ‘a couple more brain cells down the drain.’ 
	Maybe it was more than a second chance, though.  Jacob was perplexed to have even shifted his head sideways at that particular time.  Before the gunshots even went off, he was thrusting himself out of the line of fire.  Divine intervention perhaps?  No, that couldn’t be it.  He’d lost faith in religion after his daughter Alyssa…Ally. 
	Jacob let the thought of his beautiful little girl into his mind.  He didn’t focus on the final hours of her life.  Every moment from her birth that he could witness.  While he wasn’t dragged in a war he didn’t grasp the morality or concept of, going home to see his baby girl questioned the reasons why he even continued to do it.  The sudden divorce of his wife was a godsend, burdening him with complete parenthood and allowing him to honorably discharge for a higher purpose.  The little moments didn’t seem to last a lifetime.  Not his nor hers.  He’d only seen killing through his eyes, she’d only seen high school dates and potential first cars.  Moments like that, convincing her that she was worth three grand or less just to let her spirits up a few minutes later, that brought a single tear to his eye. 
	“Jake!” Walter yelled over the earpiece, stirring the Major from his trance. “You going to get out of hell one of these days?” 
	Jacob rose, viewing the surroundings.  He removed the communication device from around his left ear and threw it over his right. “Thinking about it,” he spoke to himself.  Gunshots peppered his location when he tried to crouch.  It dropped him prone once more, but now he had a locale on at least three shooters.  They were inside the maintenance yard, one to his southwest trying to flank around.  Two more were directly west, using the cover of three retired busses to advance. 
	Not willing to take another chance on a feeble move, Jacob positioned himself before jumping.  He dove off of the hydraulic lift.  Weightlessness surrounded his quick descent twenty feet.  No single gunshot removed him from his precise manner.  At the last second, the sniper tightly gripped the climbing rope in his left hand.  His velocity shortened with one quick squeeze, cancelling out the fall that would have broken his ankles.  Jacob took a knee as soon as he hit the ground, looking southwest through his scope.  He planted himself against the base of the lift in the hope it would deter anyone’s line of sight with him. 
	As soon as movement appeared in front of him, Jacob pulled the trigger.  The two others made marked notice of their comrade’s fall within a second of it happening.  Jacob silently removed his knife from its sleeve, edging to the other side of the lift.  Back against the solid object, he waited in silence, trying to adapt with half the hearing.  A step suddenly cracked close enough to him, but on the wrong side.  Jacob edged along the lift, switching the hand holding the blade.  Using all the exertion he could muster, Jacob swung the blade forward around the corner.  It made impact with flesh, causing a loud groan.  Two down, one to go. 
	He heard the final soldier trying to come around from the right.  Jacob used his left hand to withdraw the 357 Blackbird from the makeshift holster in the back of his pants.  The gunman came around the corner quicker than he predicted.  As a desperate maneuver, Jacob flung his right hand in front of him, carrying the whole of a deceased body pushing 200 pounds.  Every ounce came in handy, as return fire was directed at chest level.  No through-and-through bullets touched the marine.  Brutal stopping power of the caliber being fired was pushing Jacob back, though.  He had to finish this now. 
	Jacob raised the gun to fire a single shot.  His target was blown back ten feet by the weapon that more than matched his artillery. “How’s that for stopping power,” he asked the deceased, courtesy of a hollow point that most definitely perforated the vigilante’s lung.  Jacob withdrew the knife from the casualty it caused, letting the body slump before him.  As more shots hit the turf within a foot of the place he stood, Jacob dashed north to the maintenance yard’s only entrance/exit. “This is Jake, I’m pulling back to the chapel now!” 
	Jacob reached the gate, turning hard at a very high rate of speed.  Along his route, he ran within ten feet of three soldiers advancing.  One dropped without any action caused by him, but Derek instead.  Even though Derek was taking heavy gunfire, he could still look out for a brother in need.  Without even slowing down, Jacob launched two bullets from his right hand.  The recoil was stranger than standing in place to fire on a target, moving at eight miles an hour.  It wasn’t necessarily harder, just the addition of weight transition with every foot he planted.  Pulling the hammer back after each shot was something he mastered with one thumb.  Both men fell limp from the gunshots.  If it wasn’t lethal, it was hydrostatic shock.  One way or another, anyone who went up against him this close wasn’t getting back up to shoot again. 
	“The drone’s picking up thermals to the northeast.” Collins reported. “They’re coming in on ATVs.” All of Lexie’s squad were ready for a fight.  Guys shooting at them with small arms on vehicles navigating rough terrain only hindered their ability to shoot and left the unit more chances to shoot back.  Perhaps these guys weren’t as smart as Walter originally predicted.  Least of all this contingent, driving out into a completely open area.  But the majority of the shooting was happening more than a thousand yards away.  The sound of a revolver was the only thing that really got the hostiles’ attention, and that was muffled by distant structures. 
	Farad peeked his head through the window.  He spotted four vehicles, two bikes and two all-terrain-roadsters.  All had a passenger firing unpredictable volleys at the cabins they could see.  If things got too hot and heavy for the three trained riflemen, support of three of the outpost were there to help upon request.  The Sergeant checked his rifle, assuring that the safety was off before firing on the closest bike fifty meters away.  He launched three bursts on the moving target before the driver was struck.  In response the vehicle crashed and both occupants fell to the dirt. 
	Lexie and Wayne were quick to add their own expressive gunfire to the battle.  Positioned on the patio of Colorado cabin, they easily spotted movement to their north and started to engage.  Four gunmen immediately unloaded shots in their direction.  Lexie dropped and concealed herself behind the railing.  Tracers brushed over her neck, impacting the solid red cabin wall an inch away.  Lexie wasn’t about to waste time lying still.  She dashed toward the door, diving in and just avoiding another kill shot. 
	Wayne didn’t have as much breathing room.  He was forced to flip a table on its side to conceal his exact position.  The shots carved holes easily enough through the thin plastic of the picnic table.  He lifted his rifle to fire blindly, hoping luck would be on his side.  It happened to be perfect as one hostile took a fatal gunshot wound as a result of Wayne’s gunfire.  A split second later, Lexie kicked open the north door into Colorado before the three others could react to Wayne’s fire.  He dove into the security of a larger obstruction.  Lexie closed the door behind him quickly.  The thick metal door absorbed the impact of dozens of bullets without allowing penetration.
	Wayne exhaled deeply, “Thanks, Lexie.  You saved my ass.” 
	“Just like old times, I guess.” She replied with a grin. 
	Wayne chuckled, “Yeah.  Just like Kuwait.” 
	She pressed on the send button to his microphone. “This is Gibbs, we’re taking fire to the north.  We can handle them for the time being.” 
	“Copy that,” Walter replied. “Enemy combatants south of the soccer field are pushing east.  Alpha team is going to hook up with Delta.  We’ll redeploy in the next few minutes.” 
	Lexie sighed, “Understood.” She stepped off the mike, “No backup for a couple minutes.” 
	Wayne shrugged, “Nobody said it was gonna be easy.” He rushed down the hall, locating one of the windows with the blinds pulled up.  Looking through the window, he made first visual and expelled three rounds through the glass.  The target he fired upon was obscured by the shatter pattern of the glass.  Wayne had to knock the butt of his rifle through the window in order to get a clear look.  By then, he was clearing the way for a volley in response.
	Lexie glanced out the windows facing east, spotting the blast of three different elevated locations firing.  Ben and Terrence had taken to the roof of the adjoining cabin while Mitch held his ground inside.  He stuck to the surviving bikers trying to make it to the roadway. 
	Derek didn’t have any slack.  Only by sheer luck did every one of the dozen enemies firing in his direction happen to miss.  It wasn’t bound to keep happening.  Derek was caught in a dilemma at the thought of staying still to get shot as compared to getting shot trying to move.  A desperate situation that had no true resolve to it.  A zipline was structured for an emergency escape into the ravine where Delta team were fighting them off.  They weren’t advancing toward the climbing tower, but they weren’t backing off from the treeline and incline leading to Cedar Ridge either.
	Derek was surprised that nobody had spotted him.  He raised his rifle to launch a shot at an undetermined target.  His scope honed in on something that looked less than welcoming.  Before he even knew what he wad doing, the young man dropped his rifle and reached for the oiled rag looped to the slick zipline.  A powerful blast blew him away from the climbing tower at more than double the rate the line did.  It made him lose his grip, toppling and flipping a number of times.  As he fell, Derek watched the world spin around him, tracer rounds flying across the camp, and the ground as it loomed closer and closer…

Day 409, Part II
The Storm

	Thunder clapped around the hidden valley of Camp Emerald Pine as nature’s light momentarily exposed the blood-strewn battlefield.  In place of darkness of early morning, a storm rolling in from the previous night finally reached its victim.  Overcast clouds a deeper shade of grey obscured the golden flare of sunlight from anyone’s vision.  A violent sheet of precipitation that nobody wasted a moment to gaze upon reached the east edge of the camp first. 
	Bravo team held position in the wash.  They found more use outside, able to cover a wide berth as compared to hiding behind a window with limited sight.  Directly to their east, upwards of twenty figures were spreading out quickly and tearing down the west gate perimeter piece by piece.  Ahead of them twenty five meters was the chapel where Jacob was holed up, firing on targets breaking through to the south and southwest coming from Rimside and the 504. 
	Staff Sergeant Mike Logan took little comfort in nearby vegetation getting torn to shreds by the gunfire.  Dense weeds had overgrown the encampment, thus making infantry movements easier, albeit both factions took this to their advantage.  Not many casualties had been caused this early in the fight.  Not nearly enough to stop the militia if Travis was right. 
	Robert continued to snipe from the dining hall ventilation opening.  Now concern took light in the form of enemy sharpshooters positioned along the road.  He ducked down after finishing the last shot in his clip.  A bullet swiped through the grating behind him, scratching him on the cheek.  Rob dove behind an air conditioning unit that blocked him from the line of fire.  It took a moment for him to recollect his senses after reloading.  Robert pressed a finger over the scratch, finding a few droplets of pink upon examination.
	Master Sergeant Owens lifted up from the wreckage that was created.  Multiple shoulder-fired rockets impacted the terrain as well as the climbing tower.  A massive ball of dust was raised from the detonation.  He was back in the trance.  This reminded him too much of home.  Pieces of wood, metal, and fiberglass wreckage fell to the soft, lush green.  A number of metal boards dug inverted on the ground, making a few coverable spots on a flat plane.  As Kenneth stood in the line of fire enveloped by black, he lifted a silver locket from a satchel on his shoulder.  The rain enveloped him in bliss for a few moments.  Ken pressed his lips to the locket, and he subsequently fell out of his dreamscape. “Delta here, climbing tower nest has been destroyed.” 
	Robert froze in perplexed misery.  Walter replied after waiting hesitantly for Rob to call in. “You got a fix on Derek?” 
	The veteran looked around behind him.  His peripheral determined a body facedown on the ground another fifteen feet away. “Affirmative,” he spoke on the run, sprinting down into the ravine. 
	PFC Walsh looked in disbelief at the callous acts his squad leader had done just now. “That guy’s gonna get himself killed!” He lifted his rifle to toss another few rounds down range. 
	Sergeant Haley sent a couple after Luke withdrew his gun. “Maybe that’s what he wants!” 
	“Not if it gets me killed too!” Lucas yelled over a massive thunderclap. 
	Sergeant Chavez engaged three muzzle flashes in quick succession before dropping back down. “Shut up!  You’re so worried about dying, you shouldn’t have signed onto Delta!” 
	“I didn’t sign up for Delta, sir, I was volunteered.” Walsh dropped behind the edge of the hill just as two rounds scraped past his helmet. “Talk some sense into your boy, Sergeant!” 
	Chavez dropped beside him and drew a pistol. “Don’t give me a fucking order, kid!”
	Owens fell to his knees at Derek’s side five strides later.  He flipped the soaked, limp body from facedown to the opposite.  He didn’t recognize any physical damage on the outside.  Ken slapped Derek on the face a number of times.  From a half conscious state, Derek lifted his eyes slowly.  It took a moment for his vision to develop but he felt the pound of thick drops on his face.  Ken grinned, “This is Owens, Derek’s alive.  Might have bumped himself on the head, but he’s looking all green from my eyes.” 
	Derek heard the last sentence as the distortion faded. “What’d I miss?” 
	“About thirty seconds.” Ken answered. 
	“Too bad…I was hoping I’d get sixty at least.” 
	Ken chuckled, “You good to go?” 
	“If I had a gun,” Derek said as he rose to a sit.  The rain was driving him crazy, pattering heavily on his face so much that it hurt. 
	“It’s okay.  I got a little souvenir from one of my Navy buddies back in the day.” He drew a flat black submachine gun from a pack on his back.  Derek took a moment to recognize it. “Fires a little slow, but it’ll still break some heads in.” Derek took the weapon, folding back the butt stock until he heard a heavy click.  The model came to his mind a few seconds after he looked it over.  Ken threw three clips full of ammunition onto Derek’s lap as he was mesmerized by the weapon in his hands. 
	“You’re like a walking, talking armory.” 
	“Running and gunning is more like it if you ask me.” 
	Robert stepped onto the radio, “How you doing over there, D?” 
	Derek fed his first clip into the weapon. “I’m not doing much better than that Styrofoam cup.  Then again, who is?”
	Walter hit the radio, “This is Alpha, we’re moving to support Delta.” 
	Owens dropped to dirt along the patch overlooking the destroyed wreckage. Between fifty and a hundred yards ranged their foes.  Tossing Derek an SMG put the sharpshooter at a potential disadvantage to the multiple gunners in the woods firing assault rifles.  The effective range for the UMP9 stretched to barely the same distance they were being shot from.  Rains, winds, and using iron sights, he might not have been able to hit one target. “Roger that, Walt, we’re pushing them back.” 
	Derek dropped among the ranks of four uniformed soldiers.  Luke turned on the spot with a confused look in his eyes. “Wait, we’re what?” 
	Owens retrieved two stun grenades from his satchel.  Pulling the pins and launching one east-by-northeast and southeast, “Go on the second bang.” Ken said right as the first one detonated.  Derek locked the first round into place as he prepared to go.  The feeling of dying had subsided.  If he died today, he’d die for something. 
	The Master Sergeant glanced up, facing Derek who had his eyes closed.  Thinking about what was about to happen.  The gap of two seconds ticked by over what seemed to be minutes.  Then, without warning, the second loud clap and an extraordinarily bright flash amplified by heavy rain.  Derek and Ken were the first to rise, firing as they rushed the stunned mercenaries.
	Back at the gate, Bravo team was getting desperate. “This is Bravo,” Logan reported while the rest of his team spread out in the wash.  They were roughly three meters apart, engaging almost twenty-five muzzles in the obtrusive precipitation coming from their direct north all around to the southwest. “We’re getting hit hard at the gate. Multiple hostiles advancing.” A snap by his ear made him flinch slightly.  His focus was on a large vehicle pushing through the front gate. 
	“Damn,” Specialist Norton said after giving the main entryway a look. “They’re pulling out all the stops.” His comment regarded an armored truck as it pushed forward.  It could have been a SWAT truck or armored banking service vehicle in a past life, but now it was painted jet black and bore no signifying marks of any kind. 
	York dropped behind a thick shrub as two rounds tore into the top of the plant. “How the hell you plan on stopping that?” 
	Michael keyed in. “All units, an armored vehicle had entered the complex.” 
	“Bravo team,” Walter said a moment after arriving at the combat zone. “Fall back to the chapel.  Charlie get to the dining hall.  What’s your situation, Rob?” 
	Robert dropped after burning through the last available caliber for his rifle. “I’m out of sniper rounds and taking fire from shooters beyond the gate.” He lifted a CAR-15 and injected a round into the empty feeder.
	Staff Sergeant Logan turned to his team, “We’re pulling back to the chapel.  Cover Riggs first, then York.  I’ll watch your ass if you’ve got mine, Ev.” 
	Norton nodded. “I’ll keep a lookout for you.” 
	“Three,” Mike counted down silently from then.  At once, the three men lifted their arms to concentrate return fire while the Private First Class was baptized in the hellish world of hasty retreat.  York dropped after he emptied the last bullet from his magazine.  Five seconds shot by since the first retreated.  This was taking too long for his liking.  He heard gunfire beyond the cement and rock fence that housed the chapel’s air conditioning unit.  The caliber was easily identifiable as friendly. “Move out, Brett!” 
	“Hoo-ah,” York replied, tossing the rifle behind his back and running into a full sprint.  He took six strides until passing Riggs up.  As soon as he reached the position, Brett took a small moment to catch his breath. “I got it covered,” he said to Alex, “Move inside the building.” The PFC turned on a dime, leaving the Sergeant to look out for both the Specialist as well as the Staff Sergeant. 
	Mike switched off to his pistol when his magazine ran dry.  He let off four rounds as a hostile strafed within a few meters of him. “Get the hell out of here, Evan!  I’ll be right behind you!” The Specialist found it difficult to leave his commanding officer alone in such a desperate situation. “Go!” Evan turned on his feet, lifting himself from the creekbed.  He crossed a gap of forty feet as tracers floated within a few inches of the asphalt he treaded.  Before he knew it, he was sprinting past York.  Michael didn’t waste another moment.  He expelled the final three bullets from his M9 at two men who appeared from the wash.  As his weapon rang empty, he turned on the spot and sprinted through the dense weeds.
	Evan and Brett were waiting for him at the chapel.  Evan had taken up a position behind a pillar and tasked himself with engaging targets inside the maintenance yard.  Brett maintained the corner of the ACU.  He dropped his guard just before Mike rose to sprint for cover.  In the darkness, his eyes didn’t have time to adjust or correct for a shot.  Another RPG was fired before anyone could react.  Launched from the position Mike was standing in only a few seconds earlier, the latter felt the burn of the warhead as it miraculously spiraled and didn’t pierce him directly.  All action didn’t go without consequence. 
	Brett ducked behind the AC housing while the rocket flew headlong toward it.  Mike was less than ten feet from the detonation.  Though the purpose of an anti-material rocket is penetration and the warhead’s trajectory faces forward, the shockwave was still sufficient to knock Mike off his feet.  The Staff Sergeant spun in the air until he landed facedown on the ground.  Evan dashed from his cover, fears of the worst filling his mind.  A second later, he was glad to find the Staff Sergeant breathing steadily.  Mike was dizzily led into the building, his hearing reduced to a ringing bell.  Brett took the rear of the group, stepping into the chapel before dozens of rounds splattered on the concrete pathway.
	From the far corner Jacob only had thin access to fire through.  The windows were tall and thin, stretching to the ceiling but only about ten inches wide.  His use as a sniper was limited to hostile movements across the clearing between the health station and dining hall.  He gave the members of Bravo an indifferent look, still composed with his own objectives.
	The Specialist helped his disoriented leader into a seat before hitting the comm. “This is Bravo,” Evan didn’t sound any bit discouraged or afraid to step up. “We’re at the chapel.” 
	“Copy that,” Walter replied.  Ahead of him five meters, the three other members of Delta team stopped at the point of the wreckage.  Both Derek and Master Sergeant Owens were pushing a dozen plus enemies back.  Just the two of them using the sensory deprivation resultant of a few flash bangs.  The bright light made their locations visible to the two in the fraction of an instant.  However, more and more attackers were pushing their way up into Cedar Ridge. 
	Owens dropped down once the gunfire seemed to cease completely. “This is Owens.” He voiced in over the headset. “We’ve pushed enemy reinforcements southeast.  They’re en route to you, Chad.” 
	Crawford shoved himself behind the cabin to reload his rifle. “Copy that, Delta.” Across, Blake was making up for the silence.  The pathway being taken by advancing soldiers didn’t seem to let up.  More and more were pushing forward, some using other buildings as cover.  Blake’s weapon registered empty.  A fraction of a second later, his view was distracted by a sudden noise directly behind. 
	Blake turned his head to see a hostile turning the corner.  A high caliber pistol was in his hands.  The Sergeant tried to drop, but felt the intense sear of pain in unison with the gunshot.  A split second after accepting a bullet to his back, Blake fell on the dirt.  Only a few feet away Blake’s eyes locked on the trip-wire for a claymore.  His attacker took another step, sealing his fate in anti-personnel shrapnel and leaving little but red mist where he once stood. 
	The Sergeant felt cold by the sudden shot.  Crawford heard the shot and saw his teammate fall to the ground.  Despite the fact that their foes would only keep going, Chad wasn’t focused on anything else.  He sprinted across the gap with remorse in his heart.  A river of tracers flew between, the heat of multiple rounds bringing the Staff Sergeant’s hair to rise. 
	Behind sufficient cover Chad realized his enemies would only push forward with his lack of fire.  He released a grenade from his belt.  The safety pin was removed before the sphere was immediately thrown in an arc.  The clock counted down while Chad turned to his fallen teammate. 
	Blake found it hard to speak.  The eyes of his squad leader were agonized. “Don’t give me that look, Crawford.” No exit wound was apparent.  The bullet was still inside, it’s course impaling the soldier’s spine and causing irreversible nerve damage. “How you doing?” His clock registered zero before a concussive blast detonated fifteen feet away.  The building they chose for cover muffled the full explosion from their view.  But several anguished gunmen cried in unison with its brute power. 
	“My legs are numb.” Blake tested individual fingers, “But I can still shoot.” 
	Chad turned his eyes to see the PFC and Specialist also traumatized by the rapidity of war.  He wanted to wish they collect the humvee and transport the paralyzed soldier out of combat. “Ty, get the--” 
	“No,” Blake grabbed Chad by the collar. “Give me my gun and prop me up.  I’ll hold them off.” 
	“I can’t do that,” Chad replied. “Wounded get all the privileges--” 
	“Not today, there’s no time.” Blake grasped the weapon himself. “Load me up.”
	Chad shook his head, “Negative!”
	“Every second we sit here, you let them closer.  Give this to me, Staff Sergeant, it’s all I have left!” In the ten seconds it took to set Blake against a tree with four full clips of ammunition, the rate of fire seemed to double. “Get out of here!” Sellers screamed.  This would be his final stand, meant to preserve the lives of others.  Not many had such a noble chance, this was his time to shine. 
	“Echo team falling back to Meadowlark,” Chad reported.  He led the three into the dense trees.  Blake spent only a faint glimpse on his squad.  Never to see them again.  He pulled the slide back before pressing the butt-stock against his shoulder.  His first burst dropped a target.  The second and third did the same, however at the cost of giving him away. 
	A shot slipped alongside his left elbow, but with no predominant entry, his focus was unshakeable.  He wasn’t about to lower his weapon until his body wouldn’t allow it.  Directed fire to each piece of movement, the numbers jumping past ten at one point.  More and more projectiles seemed to depress in the surrounding grounds.  Judgment would soon be upon him. 
	Blake removed the empty clip to fill another.  The rain and his lack of fire kept him out of their view.  But pulling the trigger for the first time with his new load of thirty sent back instant repercussions.  Four gunmen turned on the spot and fired.  A half dozen projectiles met him with unrelenting force.  Blake’s head leaned forward, no life to keep his eyes open as a final breath departed his lungs.
	Chad’s ears were focused on the rifle fire to his back, until it abruptly stopped.  He clenched his teeth when it suddenly ended.  His tone was dry as he sent the report. “This is Echo, we lost a man.”
	Walter thought he was safe in the depression of land. “Alpha team has rendezvoused with Delta.  Charlie team, have you reached the dining hall yet.” 
	“Moving there now,” Gift replied a moment later.  In that instant, Bryce, who had taken cover behind one of the metal panels, fell forward on the turf as limb as a bone. 
	Walter felt his heart sink, “Goddamn it,” he swore silently upon seeing a clean entry wound into the back of Bryce’s head.  The location of the round was sufficient enough to kill him instantly.  At least he didn’t suffer, Walt tried to let himself think.  Sergeant Myers and Private Olsen were also shocked at the suddenness of the Staff Sergeant’s death.  Life and death on the battlefield wasn’t determined by the hour or minute, but with every passing second. “Move up,” he yelled to the two surviving members of his squad.  Them, along with the three slackers in Delta, pushed toward the archery range where Derek and Master Sergeant Owens were now. 
	The platoon leader sighed upon reaching the transport Owens was starting up. “We lost Bryce on the way over here.” Derek conveyed his gratitude to another lost man with a faint dip of the head.  He dropped behind the humvee as small caliber shots bounced off the jeep. “Foot-mobiles crossing from south through Cedar Ridge.  My team’s going back to the dining hall to hold off the front engagement.” 
	Derek shook his head, “No!  There’s dozens of them heading east.  That’s gonna curve north and we’ll have twice as many people pressing on Meadow!  If they get to the cabins before us, Lexie isn’t going to have a chance.” He cared less for Lexie’s squad and more for Katie hiding among the other civilians, though. 
	Walter growled, “My priority is keeping my men from getting overrun!  We’ve got maybe five minutes until they’ll be cutting us off!” 
	Derek drew the massive handgun Zack had indirectly relinquished to him a few days prior. “My priority is utmost!” Two of Walter’s men lifted their rifles, disregarding the shots passing within a few feet of them. “Every one of your men put their lives on the line for our people.  If you’re going anywhere, you’re taking me to the cabins now.” 
	“I’ve got to get my air unit out before anything else.  Those mercs are gonna be knocking on their doorstep in less than a minute.” Walter didn’t move, but wasn’t afraid of the showboating Derek offered.  He wasn’t willing to get himself killed over nothing.  Walt could play this game with a radical thinker such as the man aiming a Desert Eagle at his chest.  Of course neither Walter nor any of his men knew the details about Derek’s change in character over the last few months.
	Delta squad had been through a rough sketch of the lighter side of hell in this battle.  It was time to put color in the painting. “My team will lay down cover fire while you pull the pigeon heads out.” Master Sergeant Owens offered, “Soon as you’re out of the combat zone, we’ll retreat through the crops.” 
	Walt gave him a wary look, wondering if Ken truly wanted to go above and beyond like that.  Thirty guns might be staring down four men. “You sure about that?” 
	“Depends on if Walsh needs a diaper change.” The squad leader glanced over at the shortest and least experienced member of the team. 
	Luke nodded his head. “I’m done shitting myself,” he said with a tilt of the head.  This wasn’t his first actual combat scenario.  The initial phase of gunfire popping all around you became numb in the first five minutes.  It was all run on faith, hope, and reasons to stay alive beyond that point.  And if he could survive the Red Army, he could survive a collective of amateurs in the forest. 
	Ken nodded to Walter. “Roger that,” Walt said reluctantly.  The Master Sergeant didn’t spare time for rest.  Walter and the rest of Alpha team loaded up into hummer.  Derek fit himself behind the roof gun, locking the first round on a large ammunition box mounted beside him.  The transport accelerated from the archery range, speeding back onto the roadway and following it another 50 or so feet. 
	Walter drove the truck to the end of a five meter driveway beside the amphitheatre.  Four men piled out of the truck beside another humvee.  All burst into the amphitheatre.  Tech Sergeant Collins waved from his seat behind the UAV controls. “It’s time to go.  You got a place to land that thing?” 
	“No,” Senior Airman McKown said. “We thought up a better idea.” 
	“What?” Walter asked. 
	Collins continued to pilot the UAV through the rough weather. “We figured this would be the drone’s last flight.  We hooked up a satchel in it to detonate on impact.” 
	Walter looked through the thermal scan over the range.  Multiple head signatures were directly north of their location barely twenty meters.  If the pilot were to kamikaze at any concentration of foes on the map, he’d be sure to take out at least half a dozen in the moment.  Something on the 504 caught his eye, though. “What’s that?” 
	“It’s a semi-truck.  Got around the crater, it’ll be in the combat zone in ten clicks.” 
	“Nuke it,” Walter said. 
	Jason chuckled from the helm of the controls. “Roger that.” He pushed the stick forward, sending the UAV into a steep dive.  Through the rain, controls weren’t much hampered, but this is when they were most important.  The drone had effectively become a missile waiting to detonate.  As the elevation dropped to 50 feet, Jason withdrew a solemn exhale to indicate the loss of such an expensive craft.  The viewpoint was enveloped in black of the semi-truck, and subsequent static was soon all that remained on his screen. 
	From behind the semi, a small truck was stuck behind.  The driver thought of going around, but soon realized the truck took up the entire roadway.  Rain obscured the white craft from their view, but they weren’t looking up at the time.  When a massive sea of red blinded their eyes, the truck didn’t stop to look.  Right off the bat, the driver spun the car around not wishing to have his life ended by a power like that. 
	“Let’s go.” Collins said, rising from his seat.  The seven soldiers withdrew from the amphitheatre.  Gunshots rang out in close proximity.  Alpha team ducked behind the first humvee.  Jason and Derek were forced to take cover behind the building.  The airman lifted his rifle, aiming down the sights and productively dispersing three opponents. 
	Walter glanced over at Olsen. “Get in the gun!  Myers, take the wheel!” Walt threw himself up from behind the hood, firing his entire clip down range at the strafing enemy combatants in the woods.  Before he was finished, the bright flash of the mini gun blinded him of his view down the road.  Derek jumped into the gun of the other truck.  He locked and loaded, also engaging the targets focusing their fire on Alpha now.  Collins jumped into the driver seat of his own humvee and gunned it forward.
	Isaac and Christian rushed north along the tree line.  Owens had led them this far through numerous situations that were much worse than this, in his opinion.  The two men backed themselves against wide trees when gunfire unloaded from four locations on the ridge to their right. 
	Christian squeezed his shoulders in as the bullets swung closer to his extremities.  His large build couldn’t stay completely out of the line of fire. “You got a shot on him?” He asked quietly.  The rain was helping conceal them when the darkness of cloud cover wasn’t enough.  Sunlight was piercing small openings, sending lines of glimmer to an otherwise black and bloody arena. 
	Isaac shook his head, “Negative,” he replied quietly.  He slowly tried to peek his head around the tree.  The snap of a gunshot scared him back behind cover.  A fraction of a second later, four shots pounded into the tree Isaac was hiding behind.  Master Sergeant Owens and PFC Walsh were still back at the range, firing on the ones coming in from the south.  Hostile forces began pushing toward the climbing tower.  Multiplying sentries put Delta at a disadvantage.
	Christian pulled a grenade from his belt.  Haley was never known for being an excellent throw.  He shivered, slipping the pin from the safety lever, but maintaining the death grip so hard that his hand was turning white.  He took a second to breathe before throwing his body out of cover and launching it in the direction of the shooters.  Christian fell prone as soon as the heavy sphere left his grasp. 
	Everything fell silent after another four bursts of enemy fire shredded by.  Without warning, a deep, concussive blow that shook the earth knocked Isaac off his feet.  Haley and Sanchez looked in the area where the gunfire was, but it had all subsided.  Perfect throw.  Anything within ten meters that didn’t have direct cover was going down and wasn’t getting back up.  Christian chuckled, examining the damage he created.  Isaac lifted a thumb in appreciation for Haley’s newfound skill.  It’d almost gotten the two of them killed on a previous occasion.  This somewhat made up for his past transgressions.
	Isaac looked down range to their south.  Through the tree line in the distance, the enemy advances were numbering past forty men.  Master Sergeant Owens felt a shot slide past his neck. “Walsh, pull back!” 
	Luke glanced worriedly, “What about you?” 
	“Don’t worry about me, Private!” He raised his gun, peeking from cover and engaging several enemies that were only momentarily clearing themselves.  After jumping behind the corner of the tarp that got shredded, he didn’t look back.  Ken sprinted out the other side.  It took him all but five seconds to reach Sanchez and Haley.  However, the Private was not among them.  Ken glanced back quickly, finding the young man jogging up behind him. “I thought I said pull back?” 
	“I don’t trust you can take care of yourself.” Luke replied. 
	Ken smirked at the remark. “Good one.” The reunion didn’t last long, however.  Owens looked down the field, spotting advancing infantry. “They’re heading straight for the cabins.  As soon as you hear the mines blowing, pull back.  Stay in the trees until we get out of the north edge.  From there it’s a smooth fifty yards to home.” Delta dropped and waited for the first sounds.  Unwarranted steps tripped over the innumerable trip-lines, setting off explosives ranging over a twenty five meter cordon.  Ken rose from his stance and shot north through the trees, leading his squad out of hell. 
	Minutes earlier, the combat back on the other side of camp hadn’t let up at all.  The entire west gate was down.  The maintenance shed was overrun with hostiles unloading unchecked fire down toward the chapel.  Jacob was delivering precision shots at those approaching from his south while constantly engaging the ones at the front gate.  It was a hectic situation, and the chapel windows didn’t offer any protection.  The entryway was smothered by glass panels, a number of bullets leaving spider-marks around the cavity.  Lucky for Jake, Bravo team was also delivering supportive fire.  A team five strong.  The final assessment Jacob had drawn was upwards of fifty men breaking through the front gate alone.  Travis delivered what he had threatened. 
	Robert remained up top, firing on the numerous opportunities in foolish gunmen who didn’t stick to cover.  There was little to resort to beyond the tall grass.  From an elevated location, such marks were easy to spot.  However, the snipers’ gunfire was getting closer every time he popped his head up.  Below him, Charlie team had spread out across the dining hall, and used the kitchen door for another vantage.  The window screens had been removed from the inside, allowing the team to engage targets from inside without being exposed.  Strangely enough, these guys didn’t go north to the trees like any logical military formation.  They were coming straight for the sound of guns. 
	Rob locked the next clip in place.  He lifted his head, where he noticed something he didn’t like one bit.  Already released, an RPG was directed toward the air conditioning unit.  Rob lifted his empty sniper rifle, preferring it over the Barrett’s extreme kick and wanting to at least salvage something.  He shot for the door into the attic, diving out through a thin doorway just before detonation.  The impact trailed a cloud of dust that slightly obscured Rob.  He coughed out dust that the explosive kicked up.  His eyes met the mangled room where inches made the difference.  Someone must have been looking out for him. “How many lives are you going to give me, Nikki?” 
	Robert followed the stairwell down to the dining hall.  Three men stood at different locations along the west wall.  One took cover by the north doors, firing through the small windows.  Two others were staggered ten feet across using sandbags under the windows.  Helping to absorb the fire, a number of tables were stacked up against the wall.  They were thin, so it wouldn’t do much good.  Not much was more than enough in some standards, though. 
	Robert lined up at the far door.  His vision scanned the horizon, from the wash to the health unit.  Most of a dozen heads firing on the run, some sticking to the roadway instead of the creekbed.  Robert counted nine semi-automatic recoils from the butt-stock of his gun. “This is Rob, I’ve had to fall back to the first floor of the diner.  It’s getting pretty hot over here.” 
	Walter keyed in, “Roger that, Alpha team is en route.  ETA, thirty seconds.” Derek turned his focus on the field directly to the east of Valley’s cabins.  Muzzle flashes crowded the entirety of the field, spreading out toward the cliffs to have another vantage.  Numbers ranged near twenty-five sources of gunfire.  He squeezed the M2 Browning to fire, sending hundreds of rounds per minute over a wide berth.  A hose that sprayed everything it laid eyes upon.  In a matter of seconds, a dozen of those flashes fell without another word.  The others smartened up in that time, digging themselves as deep as they could into the ground.  Derek stopped firing once the two trucks were past the bend. 
	The rear humvee stayed on the road, Sergeant Myers gunning it forward after Collins pulled right.  The team of four stepped out of the truck.  From the passenger seat, Walter looked across the field, seeing the archery range being overrun. “Delta, what’s your 20?” 
	Master Sergeant Owens sprinted through the outermost cabins on the far side of the hill.  The mines were still going off over the hill, muffled.  But now, the shots were starting to whistle by his ears again and the dirt was popping under his feet. “This is Owens, we’re pulling north through the cabins!  Hostiles close behind!” He dropped to a knee behind a concrete pillar, turning to engage three shooters who fired.  Behind him five yards, Walsh was sprinting with a face cherry red with exertion. When he spotted the young man stop, he screamed. “Don’t stop ‘til you’re in the fields!” Luke kept his pace.  He knew when the Master Sergeant wasn’t playing, and when to do exactly what Ken said. 
	Walter called back, “Delta, do you need assistance?” 
	“Negative!” The Master Sergeant replied loudly.  Sergeant Haley was only a few steps behind Sanchez.  The two didn’t stop.  Giving them another two strides, Ken rose and sped out from under the cabin.  Across the road and into the field, Owens disappeared through the crops as his team did moment prior.  Behind him, the last of the mines positioned along the stone pathways finished detonating. “This is Delta, we’re clear of enemy fire.  Lexie, eyes on the meadow to the south.  We’re relocating now.” The squad leader nodded to his team. “Move out,” he said sincerely, walking toward the cabins in a zone that hadn’t been affected by adverse gunfire.  The humvee column did a good job cutting down the platoon of hostiles moving in from the northwest.  The few survivors were backing off until reinforcements arrived. 
	Lexie heard the transmission and turned her scope out the nearest window.  Silhouettes were hard to make out, but she vaguely could see them. “Just out of range.” She said to herself.
	Right on the money of thirty seconds, Walter piled out of the humvee with his two squad mates.  The soldiers entered from a doorway opposite that of Staff Sergeant Gift at the north end. “Gift, what’s your status?” 
	Aaron spun his head, spotting his commander at his side again. “Taking some heavy hitters, but we’re lucky.  They shoot worse than skinnies.” He glanced at the rest of Alpha team, both of whom were covering more windows spread apart from Kurt and Anthony. “Where’s Bryce?” Walter shook his head, his eyes averting to the ground. “Damn it,” Gift said, denying the misery of losing a good friend like Bryce.  They’d served for years together, all of it ended in an instant. 
	Walter hit the radio. “This is Alpha, we’ve regrouped with Charlie at the diner.  What’s your status, Logan?” 
	Specialist Norton walked to Staff Sergeant Logan’s side. “Still at the chapel, they’re pushing hard to our west.  Range, ten meters,” Evan guessed, peeking out from a window. 
	“More like three,” Jacob said as he pushed smoke from his mouth with a cigarette between his lips. “It’s a goddamn riot out there.” He glanced down at the rocket launcher he picked up several minutes ago.  That seemed like an eternity ago.  He saw a potential use for it, but not yet.
	Walter looked through one of the windows, where he saw how severe this truly was.  Countless mercenaries running along the trees and through the shrub toward the dining hall. “What’s the status on that truck?” Regarding the armored vehicle that continued forward among thousands of gunshots ripping through what had once been a peaceful place.
	Rob hit the radio next. “We’ve taken out three of its tires.  That’s slowed it down, but small arms aren’t even scratching the surface.  Another minute, it’ll be right on top of the chapel.” 
	“Bravo team, I want to coordinate your retreat.  When I drop the first two hammers, get out of the building and drop back to the east edge.  When the second two go off, haul ass to the dining hall.” 
	Mike rose as soon as he heard this.  His head was a little sore from the sound of the impact, but there were much better times and places to get through it than a place about to be overrun. “Understood.  Jacob!” 
	“I heard him,” the Major replied, almost in an mute whisper.  His gaze was fixed upon his sight.  Down thirty two feet crossing through the low level of the river, he determined a fix on the target’s head.  Moving his aim forward a fraction of a centimeter from the mark’s trajectory before a slight twitch of the finger, he was impressed.  Thirty five feet away, a body fell limp with an open cavity through the side of its skull.  Jacob turned on the spot and approached the door with the rest of the team already stacked up. 
	The run from the archery range to the crops seemed like it took ages, while the calm peaceful minute under the vegetation of high stock plants shot by faster than the 7.62 round Ken felt graze his scalp.  In another moment, they had to cross the roadway again, exposing themselves momentarily until they were inside the program building of Meadowlark.  However the enemy was no longer breathing down their necks.  Ken took the wall aside the door, dropping to a knee while his team raced inside.  Right on Walsh’s back he stepped in, closing the heavy panel behind them. “Delta here,” The Master Sergeant voiced over. “We’re at final fallback, holding here.” 
	“This is Echo,” Chad followed a moment later. “We’re in the far cabin, waiting to engage shooters from the east and north.” 
	“Copy that,” Walt’s feedback.  The four members of Delta took a moment to breathe freely. 
	Ken looked into each of his men’s eyes. “No matter what, we hold this building down.  Is that understood?” 
	“Yes, sir,” Walsh said in unison with the two Sergeants. 
	“If this is our stand, it’s been an honor to work with you.  Bunch of crazy idiots putting up with me.” 
	“Wouldn’t have had it any other way, Master Sergeant.” Haley said right off the bat. 
	Isaac scoffed, “Yeah, it’s been one hell of a trip.” 
	“If I don’t make it--” 
	“Owens,” The Private tried to cut him short. 
	“Save it, Walsh…if I don’t make it, you all know I’ve got better places to be…and better families to take care of.” 
	Back at the chapel, Evan was stacked right behind Logan. “Stagger distance in the gap to the dining hall,” The squad leader ordered, “No easy shots allowed.” 
	Walter hit the radio, “Go!” A tenth of a second later, he pushed his thumb down over the detonating pin.  Running along the roadway, past the chapel, and along two dug out lines spread ten meters apart, a massive cloud enveloped everything in black.  Two earth-shaking pounds shattered glass panels at the chapel untouched by gunshots.  The team moved up, crossing out of the line of fire to the south.  They were momentarily visible from the west approach, and Jacob had to fire a few rounds on an enemy combatant who got too close.  As he slid six empty shells from his Blackbird, Jacob turned to see the extent.  Bodies were flying through the air several feet high.  Not much could be seen through the plume of smoke, but a number of muzzle flashes from that direction immediately subsided. 
	Walter pressed the second set of detonating cord.  Leading the pack, Sergeant York shot out of the gate just before the initial blast had gone off.  One line was set inside the first wash on the right side of the road.  Another was primed along the farthest edge of concrete.  The spread was wider, but the plan was to cause mass casualties within the blast zone.  The four charges had been accompanied by crude, shrapnel devices like broken glass or metal. 
	Mike shot out two seconds after his Sergeant left him in the dust.  The run was about 6 seconds long, more time than most people wanted to spend in an open field.  Riggs shot across the gap third, inadvertently attracting the eyes of three men rising from the ashes.  Though their composure was shaken by the powerful detonation a few meters behind, they were ready for the next target of opportunity to come through.  Evan dropped into a dead sprint, everything silent to his ears.  His momentary feeling of invincibility was cut short with an agonizing pain to the leg.  Evan fell to the ground on the roadway, screaming in torture. 
	Jacob hadn’t been expecting something to turn against them given the situation.  A volley of gunshots fired, one of which caused considerable pain.  The Major heard a scream of that variant only four or five times in his career.  Three of those times, the one screaming didn’t survive.  Jacob put his right leg out, lifting the rifle against his shoulder as he stepped into the line of fire.
	The third stride out into an ocean of gunfire didn’t affect Jacob at all.  Split seconds took hours to fully pass in his view.  Every time he raised the rifle, his body recognized everything required to take a shot.  Time stopped for him to end a life.  Jake felt the recoil of the shot as he pounded a round into the man on the left.  His hand lifted from the grip, ejecting the empty shell from the barrel and fitting the next one in.  On the fifth stride Jacob sent a .408, this time blowing back the man on the right. 
	Loading the third round, he dropped into a slide.  Ahead of him two meters, Evan gripped his thigh and could do nothing but watch.  The shell launched out of Jacob’s barrel, a new bullet locked in place, a deep breath through the nose as a cheek laid down.  The Marine fired the last shot while mid-slide, pumping through the target’s head.  Not checking to confirm each target down was a mistake, but he didn’t need to double check.  That only took more time he didn’t have. 
	Firing three mid-range precision shots in under four seconds while on the run was a feat unto itself.  That was before tagging on the bolt-action rifle it was accomplished with.  But Jake wasn’t one to dwell on self satisfaction.  Jacob lifted the injured man behind his neck, hooking Evan’s lower leg under his arm and tightly grasping his wrists.  Secured in his carry, Jacob quickly moved the last thirty feet.  Bravo team waited, disheartened to see the Specialist in his arms.
	Walter turned on the spot when he heard Evan screaming in sheer agony. “What the hell happened?” 
	Jacob shook his head.  He lowered the injured man onto a table. “Nothing anyone could do.  Guys showed up out of the blue.” Jacob took his arm. “I know it’s bad just the way he sounds.” 
	“How bad?” 
	The Marine glanced across his blood-stained fatigues.  The Specialist had only been in his arms for a few moments.  He accounted for the location of Evan’s wound by the kid’s own administration of pressure to his inner thigh. “It may have hit the femoral artery.  As we both know, that’s a gusher.  I don’t think there’s much we can do for him short of morphine, not even with Danny.” 
	Walter put a hand over his brow. “Do whatever it takes.  All units, we’re falling back.” 
	“What about that armored truck?” Robert asked. “We can’t just let it push all the way to the cabins.” 
	Jacob raised an RPG with a rocket loaded in the end, getting Rob’s eyes. “Think it’ll shake this off?” 
	“I’m not worried about the indent more than the chance it’ll even hit.” 
	Jacob chuckled. “Not a long ways to miss if you ask me.  The target is coming toward us, so we get that to our benefit.” 
	“Well, at least one thing’s in our favor.” 
	Walter glanced over at Evan, spotting Sergeant Myers providing first aid, bandaging the wound.  That was about all he could do with the time frame they had before the dining hall would be overrun. “Get him in the humvee,” he ordered. “Bravo, pull back first.  Myers, move up with them, keep him stable.  Charlie, get their back and pile up on the doors.  The rest of us are holding position until we’re in range to take that truck out.  Right after that, we pull out on foot back to the cabins.” 
	Staff Sergeant Logan nodded his head, “Hoo-ah, Staff Sergeant.” He led the way, both Sergeant York and PFC Riggs helping to carry Evan out of the dining hall.  Right behind, Aaron led Charlie team out the door.  Evan was lifted into the right backseat.  Logan took the driver’s seat while Riggs jumped on the gun.  Sergeant Scott Myers took up a seat beside the injured Specialist, pushing a syringe in Evan’ limp left arm.  A few seconds later, the dull eyes of the man losing blood fell backwards in his head. 
	Gift took the front passenger seat, filling up the last of the seats.  Sergeants Simms and York, along with Corporal Gomez stepped onto the external foot wells of the truck, gripping handles on the inside to avoid falling off.  Logan ripped the transmission out of park, hoping to get Evan some medical attention before it was too late.  Unlike Jacob, he wasn’t so experienced in fatal gunshot wounds and had the mindset that any shot that didn’t hit the brain or spinal cord was survivable. 
	Back in the dining hall, the situation jumped from bad to worse in a second.  With the let-up of defensive gunfire at the hall, the opposition to the west multiplied exponentially in a few seconds.  Walter dropped as six different sources of gunfire shattered the glass a few inches above him. “Goddamn it!” he screamed, raising his rifle to fire blinding in return. “Jake, you got a visual on that truck yet?” 
	Jacob had left the safety of the dining hall, sticking to the east wall as he moved south to the edge.  Behind him, Robert had relieved Evan of his weapon, figuring it’d do better in hands that could still shoot. “Negative,” Jacob reported through the radio. 
	“You’re better off getting brave right now.  Another ten seconds, they’ll be eating us for breakfast.” He finished saying as another magazine locked into place.  Walter lifted himself, launching two shot bursts downfield.  Whether he hit a target or not didn’t matter.  Giving them a show and slowing them down was all that really mattered at this point. 
	Jacob peeked his head around the corner, spotting the armored truck adjacent to the chapel.  Gunmen obscured behind the vehicle weren’t taking any chances, unloading banana clips through every opening, window, and grate they set eyes on. “Fuck it,” Jacob said, priming the rocket. “Wish me luck,” 
	“We’re all dead,” Robert’s sardonic reply.  Jacob set the target circle behind his eye.  As long as it was lined up, there wasn’t a point pressing the scope to his eye.  He’d seen some pretty bad scope-bites while using night vision to hit targets, but that was a sniper.  In his hands, he held an RPG.  The kick was a whole new experience, even after shooting so many single-shots from a precision rifle.  Scope-bite didn’t come close the mark an RPG fired up close would do to someone’s viewfinder.  Jacob launched the rocket, the kick knocking him off his feet.  As Robert helped him up, the two heard the detonation.  They witnessed a chassis burst into gold and red flames, still rolling forward with no life to control it.  Robert hit the radio as the two headed back. “This is Rob, armored truck is destroyed.” 
	Walter glanced at the two men of Alpha, “Fall back!” he screamed, raising his carbine to deplete a near-empty clip.  Four shots down the range, his rifle failed to send a jolt against his right shoulder a fifth or sixth time.  Walter doubled right up behind Olsen in a sprint out of the dining hall. 
	Within seconds, the ends of Kalashnikov barrels pointed their bearers into the dining hall.  Travis looked up at the ceiling, trying to determine where the bodies were.  The gunfire had cut down and ended abruptly, but all he saw were a few bloodstains on a nearby table.
	“This is Colonel Greer,” he reported over a yellow two-way radio. “Central building secure.” He looked out the opposite window to see distant figures sprinting away.  Ahead of them, another cluster of buildings. “One last push, Bobby.  Let’s see what you’ve got.”

Day 409, Part III
Final Stand

	The last five minutes were a message from heaven.  The message wasn’t too direct, but it entailed an ominous essence.  A changing of the guard…the calm before the storm.  Specialist Evan Norton hung around the arm.  Daniel had been summoned upon their first arrival by Sergeant Myers. “Doc!” He screamed, holding the nearly unconscious man from under the right shoulder.  Scott dropped his rifle in the truck, he was more concerned about saving one life than ending several. 
	Daniel sprinted out from the cabin bathrooms.  The survivors were stacked up against the far west wall, hoping to avoid gunfire directed at the cabins.  The military men had agreed that would be sufficient to stop most of the shots, but they couldn’t guarantee everything.  Nicole’s death had solidified that nothing was certain…everything that seemed feasible was due for a single, devastating change. “What’s going on?” Dan asked, closing the bathroom door behind him. 
	“Gunshot wound, inner right thigh.” 
	“Shit,” Dan swore, helping carry the man to the nearest cot. 
	Staff Sergeant Logan stacked up at the entrance to the cabin, watching as the two laid down the suffering soldier.  Mike leaned in. “What’s the problem?” 
	Daniel cut Evan’s fatigues in the area of the wound, cutting through the bandage in the process.  A crimson mist sprayed relentlessly from the source.  Dan shielded his eyes but not without getting a splash to the face. “Son of a bitch,” the surgeon said, immediately jamming a thumb directly in the artery.  Evan lost consciousness when the bleeding was slowed.  Dan wiped his face of the red, though spurts still dripped from his lips.
	“What can you do?”
	Dan glanced across the cabin, “If I were to save him, he wouldn’t be the man he was.”
	“How much would it cost?”
	“He’d lose a leg.  Hopefully that would be enough to save him.”
	Michael growled, “I got him here within two minutes of the injury.” 
	“It’s not a determination of time it takes to find medical attention.  Just getting inside to close the wound may be well enough to kill him.  I see the artery, the bullet tore it to pieces.” 
	“He’s dosed up with morphine.  That should help him cope with the pain.” 
	“You’ve obviously never had a human hand plunged into your body.  Painkillers only do so much.  Enough of them will stop the pain, but you aren’t going to save much of a patient.” Dan glanced back at the unconscious but somewhat more steadily breathing patient. “You saw what one finger did to him.”
	Walter stepped into the cabin. Daniel was trying to dig his hand in the wound.  Evan stirred awake from the pain, now screaming loud enough to vibrate a nearby window.  Many of the residents pressed hands over their ears.  They didn’t want to hear the pain others were being forced to live through.  Every one of them were grateful for what these soldiers had done, putting their lives on the line against immeasurable odds.  However few were willing to witness by ear or eye the sacrifices some made to preserve the lives of others. 
	Daniel contemplated his choices.  The patient was ultimately his responsibility, and there was no proper treatment out here. “I hate this job.”
	“What’s wrong?” Walter asked.
	Dan’s eyes crossed Walt’s, “Scott, could you take over?” Sergeant Myers stepped up without flinching.  He moved into position and quickly replaced Dan’s only true field option in plugging the artery.  Daniel rose to his feet and led Walter away from the bed. “I can’t help him.  His femoral is shredded beyond repair.  Amputating his leg wouldn’t guarantee he makes it.”
	“What are you saying to me?  There’s nothing you can do?” 
	Dan shook his head. “I’m sorry.  The most I can do is pump him up full of drugs.  It’ll slow his heart rate and he’ll feel like he’s falling asleep.” 
	Walter bit his bottom lip.  Losing a good man on the battlefield was bad enough.  Agreeing to set him up for an overdose was only the kindest option.  Evan was going to be a fatality of this war regardless.  If nothing else, perhaps his misery could be ended without the furious bite of pain to the last second. “Dose him up.” As the doctor turned away, Walter felt sorrow flooding his eyes.  He wiped his face, turning away from the scene as Daniel slid a syringe of sedatives into Evan’s vein.  Walt didn’t wait to hear Daniel confirm it.  He quickly sprinted down the cabin stairs to the program building, where his other two squad members PFC Olsen and Sergeant Myers were stacked up with all of Delta.  He shot past Sergeant Haley, who kept a watch on their rear flank. 
	Stepping across the room, he glanced around a corner.  The storm cleared up in a moment’s notice, leaving the brightness of a clear sky.  This is where their last stand would fall.  Walter keyed in on the mike. “All units, report.” 
	“This is Crawford, we’re watching the north breach from the far east cabin.” 
	Aaron reported next, “Charlie in the next building over, covering east and south of the cabins.” 
	“Hate to put the pressure on you, Aaron, but you’ve got double coverage.” 
	Staff Sergeant Gift looked out the window carefully, spotting more than twenty dark figures in the glistening field. “Copy that, Alpha, we got you,” as he retracted into shadow. 
	“Bravo, we’re right on your six.” Staff Sergeant Mike Logan was disheartened to lose a man on his squad, but he kept his tone professional.  There would be plenty of time to grieve once the battle was finished.  He took a look through one of the south windows.  They had a vantage from above, able to spot upwards of thirty people moving through the crops.  A number of vehicles had slowed to a stop across the way.  More enemies were moving north into the forestation of Cedar Ridge. “Possible snipers north of the crops.” 
	“We see ‘em.” Owens reported. 
	“Foxtrot here, we’re watching the north gap from the objective cabin.” 
	Travis voiced into the same two-way he found on the front gate. “You still alive, Robert?” 
	Rob quietly answered. “I was about to ask you the same thing.” 
	“This battle isn’t finished.”
	“I noticed,” Rob answered. “How many of your men are you willing to get killed for this patch of land?” 
	“A hundred and fifty acres isn’t just a patch of land.  It’s the damn promised land, if you ask me.” 
	“I wasn’t asking,” Rob replied, “It’s not yours to take.”
	Travis smirked. “I’ve got units surrounding your final line of defense.  This is your last chance to give it up.” 
	“What’s to say you wouldn’t kill every one of us the second we put our weapons down?” 
	He grinned, “Sorry, Bobby.  Looks like you’re just gonna have to trust me.” 
	“You know, your boy Eric said the same thing to me a long time ago.” 
	“How did you react?” 
	“I shot him in the leg.  I’d rather opt for death in the face of the odds than trust you.  You promised a war…I’m giving you one.” 
	Travis slid his jaw from side to side. “Are you willing to get everyone in there killed?” 
	Rob hesitated. “That’s not going to happen.” 
	“Have it your way,” Travis said. “Once we get there--” 
	“Sorry to correct your grammar, Travis.  You should put an if in your speech one of these days.  The sooner you figure it’s better to back off, the longer you may live.” 
	Travis laughed out loud over the radio. “I’ll see you on the other side,” He turned to a platoon of his men. “Move in, lethal force authorized for all enemy personnel, military and civilian.  Open fire on my command.” 
	A group of eight sentries walked into a thick hill of brush and trees.  Behind them, a squad of six was refitting ammunition a hundred feet back.  The teams were divided into four groups of two, separated three meters, half of them behind five meters.  The first two squads walked past a thick layer of brush. 
	Slowly, an edge of the brush made a slight turn, no wind to cause it.  A single iris of brown peered through the weeds.  Returning to his original posture, a silent hiss opened a small rip through the headpiece.  Ten meters directly to his front, he launched the bullet.  To his right, Derek sent a shot down to the nearby mercenary who spotted his teammate go down.  Immediately after he rose, he spun on axis with a knife in his left hand.  Swinging clockwise he planted the knife through the side of a sentry who walked beside him a split second earlier.  The sentry accompanying him reacted to the sound of the plant, but Derek was already one step ahead. 
	During his rise he drew a silenced pistol, raising his right arm to double-tap his foe.  Without another second it was over, eight bodies lifeless falling into the brush.  Making up for the other four men, both Jacob and Joe had done a similar maneuver.  In coordination, they dropped both marks closing in on them, then strangled the last pair who walked beyond the forest floor they occupied.  As quickly as the four had risen, they had finished their job and dropped to the ground, once again hidden by their suits reflecting the forest’s beauty. 
	A few moments went by quietly.  However, it was soon cut off by a radio transmission. “Willy,” the voice of Travis spoke over a two-way pinned to one of the leaders of the unit. “Is your unit in position?” No answer came for more than ten seconds.  Travis keyed in again. “Willy…Burke, do you have a visual on Willy’s team?” 
	Some time passed before a thick voice replied. “Damn.  They’re all down.” 
	“Goddamn it,” Robert heard Travis curse over the line. “All units, fire at will!” He screamed.  The contingent of six shooters started sprinting for the hillside, completely unaware of their foes hidden in the mist and foliage.  To Rob’s rear left, he heard as the pops grew in succession, matched by the coordinated fire of Walter’s platoon.  He lined up to fire upon his next target.  The rest of the ghillies sent shots in quick succession of his.  Four targets dropped ninety meters away.  As the two stragglers turned in retreat, Robert led his squad to a stand and fell back to the cabins. 
	The run took them all but ten seconds before they were enthralled in another field of combat.  Robert dropped to a knee, “Joe, head back to the cabin.  We’re going to the frontline.” In a matter of moments, the three were inside the program room.  Ahead barely twenty meters, the full extent of their opponents were in view.  Through the final front, a force upwards of thirty gunmen continued to fight.  Their match had been met.  A burst of shots ripped through the walls. By instinct, Walter dropped to the floor. 
	Ken gave his commanding officer a look. “You good?” 
	Walt nodded. “I’m fine.” Another volley of fire passed and jerked everyone’s head below cover.  But no penetration of the surrounding walls greeted their ears.  For this time, rather than pointing at the hidden troops in the many windows, fire focused on the walls of the least protected building. 
	Zack felt a spark run down his spine as he sat among a group of almost a dozen others.  Instinct swung his arms around Savannah, cradling her and throwing them both toward the floor.  Covering her on the ground with his own body, a strand of his hair swept free of a bullet.  Heart beating at a mile a minute, Savannah clenched her teeth and eyes shut. 
	Every other was quick to follow Zack’s maneuver, soon enough finding all but one prone on the ground.  Savannah blinked open quickly enough to see the woman beside them hadn’t moved. “Kate!  Get down!” 
	Rather than react suddenly, her face seemed awestricken.  Both Zack and Savannah were the first to notice a thin trail of blood running down her blouse. “Shit.” Zack’s stomach inclined to vomit by the suddenness of this change.  The woman dropped to the floor, her breath taken slow if even at all. “Danny!” 
	Dan rose his head from the crowd of others still on the floor.  He was also sickened by the sight.  The entry wound was consistent in the upper left back.  A direct blow to the heart.  Beneath Katie’s face a shallow pool of tears.  The surgeon raised himself to advance quicker, but quickly dropped again as a result of yet another spray of bullets.  He’d reached his objective, however. 
	The satisfaction of reaching a patient was depressed since nothing could be done.  The heart was an irreplaceable organ.  And hers had been shattered beyond meaningful repair.  Being realistic, he’d never had the chance to save a gunshot victim who took a bullet to the heart.  His efforts would never obtain an opposite result, either. 
	No words could be spoken by the shock she was in.  Zack and Savannah were the closest to make eye contact.  Savannah outstretched her hand.  A small token, Katie mustered the strength to place her own in the younger girl’s palm.  The blonde quivered, Katie’s eyelids drooping more and more. ‘You’ll be okay,’ she couldn’t say it aloud.  It would be a lie. 
	Ages seemed to pass before Kate shut her eyes.  The sleep of death had ripped her apart from the outpost.  Zack bit his lip, fighting back every bit of sorrow with hate.  Below him, Savannah couldn’t do the same.  Her eyes buried into his shoulder as screams of wails erupted by tortured emotion. 
	Robert assessed the infantry’s spread across the landscape. “Let’s finish this.” 
	Walter sent him a confirming look.  Across a five foot gap, he slid down with a detonator pin waiting to fire. “On the ground!” He yelled.  All heard his orders, none deterred.  Pressing the button, Walt’s eyes clenched shut. 
	A second passed in silence, while the collective searched for an explosion.  Enemy fire had subsided with the silence in following.  Travis raised a sniper rifle matching Robert’s.  His eyes peered through the windows for his target.  A slow breath drew in his lungs.
	“What’s going on?” Robert asked after three seconds had passed with no result. 
	“It didn’t blow!” Ken yelled.  He stuck his rifle out blindly to launch distracting fire.  They needed some sleight of hand to get back in the fight and momentarily turn their view away from other soldiers.  The singe of a 7.62mm scraped up his forearm.  He withdrew his weapon, satisfied that others had complemented for his risk. 
	“Specialist,” Walt screamed over the line. 
	“Yeah,” Kyle Clemens looked out the window.
	“Your bomb isn’t going off!” 
	“Why not?” 
	“I’m hoping you can tell me!” 
	Before any further realization came to light, he turned to see the eyes of Chad. “You got any idea?” 
	Kyle retraced his steps. “Damn it,” 
	“What?” The Staff Sergeant peered intensely. 
	“I had this system to detonate each line.  But I forgot to hook it up to the detonator.”
	“Can they fix it?” 
	Kyle removed his weapon. “I can.” He turned for the door. “Cover me!” He kicked the door open before dashing out of Chad’s sight. 
	“Kyle,” The Staff Sergeant’s wishes went unheard by the courageous young man. “Dumb kid’s gonna get himself killed.” His microphone keyed up. “Kyle’s on the way.” 
	Walt was perplexed. “Covering fire!” The Master Sergeant had already started out the back door.  This kid was gonna need someone to watch his ass while he fixed the charges to blow.  Out the door, his eyes caught the Specialist.  Not far behind, two men had weapons raised.  Concrete kicked up around his feet, shrapnel flying in every direction. 
	Ken dropped to a knee, his finger depressed on the trigger.  Five shots, narrowly sliding beside the young soldier and neutralizing both his attackers.  The kid slowed to a stop once solidified in safety behind the wall.  A deep breath, followed by “Thanks.” 
	“Don’t mention it.  You get to repay the favor,” He led them toward the far wall.  Creeping over the hillside, another gunmen started to fire.  Ken backed a few steps as a shot impaled his ankle. “Fuck,” dealing through the sudden pain.  The awning provided enough cover to keep them safe.  Carefully, he pressed himself to a wooden pillar.  The pain could be taken, he was still able to walk more or less.  Ken peeked his head out just enough to get a glimpse.  That was all he needed to send a single shot. 
	Both watched the body tumble down the hill. “You okay?” 
	“Yeah,” he released another magazine from his weapon. “Last mag,” he said aloud. 
	“You need some ammo?” 
	“Not if you get that det cord sorted out in the next ten seconds.” 
	“As soon as I get there, it’ll be ready to blow.” 
	Ken gave him a smirk. “On me.” 
	“You’re injured, shouldn’t I take the lead?” 
	The Master Sergeant shook his head. “Valiant of you,” a pull of the slide. “But no.  This is your moment.  Not a lot of good you’d do with a hole in your gut.” Without wasting another word, he rose to his feet.  A sprint was harder to do with a bullet in his foot.  But he stayed on course.  Pain was relative, but glory was eternal.  One last stretch to finish this fight. 
	His third step out, first contact spotted him rushing out of cover.  A simple pull of the trigger put one more threat off the list.  Less than a stride away, Kyle put every ounce of energy into his legs.  He slid into the ravine while Ken dropped to a knee.  The Master Sergeant was heavily exposed, a sitting duck to five heads.  All of which, he was able to answer with little to no problem.  Several rounds rang out in close enough distance to burn the hairs on his skin. 
	Kyle connected the cords, twisted the wires, and turned back to Ken with a confirming glance.  But it wasn’t returned.  In the same instant, a bullet pierced his lower abdomen.  The soldier keeled forward from the burst that caused direct damage.  Breathing was harder.  Time slowed in his eyes, two drops of blood sliding from his lips. ‘I’m coming home,’ his mind echoed louder than the gunshots that all but faded in an instant.  Weapon raised, he pulled the trigger again.  His next target fell without contest.  Another bullet struck in return, this one through a lung.  Despite the sear of agony, he thought to himself ‘That’s why God gave me two.’ 
	Travis peered through his scope.  This target was one stubborn son of a bitch.  Both his shots were more than lethal to the target.  Just another grunt he wanted to kill for the hell of it.  Army fatigues didn’t mean anything to him now.  Just another kill for his score.  With a smirk, he pulled the trigger a third time. 
	Kenneth, who had accepted yet another fatal wound, continued to fight.  Adrenaline pushed him over the limit and beyond the threshold of pain.  Deaf, his body numb as a fourth impact caused him to lose balance.  He fell back.  The sky loomed above his fading vision. 
	Kyle grasped the radio. “Now!” 
	“Everybody down!” Walt pressed the pin for the third time.  This time, it would yield a result.  A fraction of a second following everyone’s rapid drop beneath cover, they were greeted by three tremors and just as many deafening explosions.  Within range, the third shockwave was sufficient to shatter all the facing window panes.  Silence filled the air.  Walt, among others, were dizzied by their proximity to the detonation.  It’d done well enough to leave all an incessant ring in the ears. 
	Robert raised his head.  Where a war had been raging moments earlier, a brown layer of dust had risen fifty feet in the air.  Obscurity by a cloud of death.  The sniper rose to a stand.  No return gunfire peppered his position.  Through the settling smoke, more than three quarters of the advancing infantry were decimated by the explosive charges.  He let a faint smile cross his face. 
	Across the field, Travis stared out at the aftermath.  Even from his perch, he’d been knocked off his feet.  Returning to see, the outcome of his war had been decided by the outpost’s strategy. “I shouldn’t have given them that warning.” Less than twenty soldiers could still carry themselves.  More than fifty of his were wounded, some beyond repair.  The confidence he’d held for so long seemed to fade in an instant. “You think you’ve won because of this?” 
	Robert raised the radio to answer. “I’ll take it as a small victory.” 
	“Don’t pride yourself too long,” Travis answered.  His scope surrounded the face of Robert. “Now, you’ve made it personal for me too.” 
	“I did what I had to do.  If you still want to fight, I’m more than willing to finish this once and for all.” 
	“I’ll be back,” Travis lowered his aim. “I had the chance to put a bullet in your head right now, but I’m a better killer.  I’ll make you suffer for what you’ve done, that’s a promise.” 
	Robert smirked, “I can’t wait to see you again.” 
	“I bet you can’t,” Travis slung the weapon over his shoulder. “This is a preview of what you’ll see in another two months.” 
	Robert was put off by this same statement. “Keep trying to scare me, it won’t matter.” 
	“What happens when you’ve got three hundred people storming your palace?  You’ll find out soon enough.” Travis clenched his teeth, “I offered you a chance to save these people, redeem them from the pain your lady suffered.  Now they will all burn.” He dropped the radio on the ground and started back for the gate.
	Robert turned to see Walter and Jacob. “Thank you.” For what they were worth, Travis’ words had done more to scare him than this battle.  A battle that by the platoon’s intervention, settled in their favor.  Now this victory seemed to shade at the belief of another strike.  He knew Travis.  Travis would keep going until it killed his enemy or himself.  This was far from over.
	A cabin away, Lexie was in suffering once again.  After they’d previously parted, Wayne took a fatal gunshot to the head.  This was the first anyone had noticed.  She dropped at his side. “Goodbye, Wayne.” Her palm spread over to close his still eyes.  Not far away, Farad was also in grief by the sudden loss of yet another. 
	“Now we’re endangered.”
	Lexie wiped a tear from her eye. “Rob,” she called over the radio. “We lost a man.”
	“Who?” Robert started for the cabin immediately. 
	“It’s Wayne.” Not far away, Isaac clenched his teeth.  A distant friend brought to a sudden end. 
	Kyle crawled up beside the slowly breathing Master Sergeant.  His weapon was loose, as no muscles responded to movements.  The rest of Delta squad became curious by Ken’s disappearance.  Outside, they were off put by the wave of sorrow.
	Christian dropped to a knee beside Owens. “We did it,” patting him on the shoulder.  Ken’s spirits were lifted to hear this.  But no voice could utter a response. “Good luck, Master Sergeant.” He raised the man’s right hand to secure it around his own tightly.  Not far behind, Isaac had also done the same. 
	Luke didn’t want to show his emotions, but cutting himself off from the teacher in his final moments was cruelest.  His own palm encircled Ken’s arm. “It’s been an honor.” Ken’s eyes drifted into the back of his head, his final breath extinguished. 
	“Anyone else,” Rob asked.  Behind him only a stride, Derek was mute to the conversation.  All he could think of was holding her now that it was over.
	Daniel spoke through the receiver. “Katie was hit.” Robert froze, his head spun about to face Derek.  The former shook his head, hoping the following words would bode of recovery.  Across the three foot gap, Derek was petrified in anticipation of the worst. “There was nothing I could do.” 
	All the weight collapsed under Derek’s legs.  His cries were silent in the first moment.  Clenched teeth and closed eyes stifled the agony only long enough.  His hands squeezed until robbed of blood and left pale white.  Robert wrapped his arms around Derek, falling into a seat beside him.  The valley echoed one of the loudest wails ever heard on the mountain.  The cry from a man, stripped of everything he knew and loved. 

Day 413 
Aftermath

	Better suns could have risen in such a desolate part of Arizona.  Replaced by the voices, silence filled the space.  Words couldn’t express the mutual feeling shared by civilian and soldier alike.  Seven dead in a day.  Robert wiped the dryness of smoke from his eye.  It opened to view the smoldering fire only a few meters away.  Rather than use the time or energy to bury their dead, cremation was adopted by the outpost.  But watching them burn into dust didn’t douse any of depression versus watching them sink beneath dirt. 
	Among the numerous eyes bleeding tears, Robert could see Derek through the smoke.  His person was comatose, eyes red and dry from remorse spilt over four sleepless nights.  Katie was just as centripetal to Derek as Nicole was to Robert.  Rob didn’t like to think they were in the same boat, but was it any different? 
	Where the ashes of the dead couldn’t leave a lasting reminder of their presence, crosses were planted to remember.  Even the brave riflemen who had dedicated their lives to protecting the innocent were honored in this fashion.  Among the empty patch where Elisabeth Owens had a cross implanted, her fallen husband’s name stuck out only a foot apart.  In death, they were together once more. 
	Walter’s head dipped to the floor.  The resounding heat led his brow to sweat.  A few feet away, Chad was quick to take a step away from a draft of embers. “Can’t believe Owens went down.” 
	Walt let a smile come to his face. “They killed Kenny.” 
	Chad couldn’t help but grin. “That’s messed up.” 
	“Come on,” Walter sighed, “You wanted to laugh.  It’s how he’d want us to be.” 
	“We’re all going to hell for this,” Logan butted in. 
	“Yeah,” Walter took a sip from his flask. “Guarantee it’ll be a party down there once we show up.”
	Robert approached his elder relative from the side. “How you holding up?” 
	“Well,” Derek shot him an indifferent look. “I’m alive, so it can’t be that bad.” He looked up at the smoke for a moment. “I can’t believe I’m still watching this.” Derek immediately walked away from the flaming graveyard. 
	Despite his pace, Robert wasn’t far behind. “It gets better.” 
	Derek scoffed, “Does it?  How did you get better?” 
	“Time,” Robert hated to be honest, but there was little other explanation. 
	“Time?” Derek contemplated with a shake of his head. “What about that hallucination you were talking about?  Do I get one of those, too?” 
	“I don’t know what I saw--”
	“You saw something good in a world of bad.  Not a lot of people have a gift like that.” 
	Robert bit his lip. “Not a lot of people bury their children before they’re born either.  I didn’t ask for any of this…I just thought we could survive.” 
	Derek stopped, rolled his eyes, and shrugged. “This is the price of survival?  Watching your family suffer while your enemies multiply.  I’d rather die than pay another cent.” He continued on while Robert lingered.  Death was the only real constant in life. 
	Lexie remained at the cremation site while most of the others left.  A handful stayed as well to taper off the flames once the matter was burnt away.  Among those was Chad.  He wrapped an arm behind her back and pulled her in closer. “I’m sorry about Wayne.” 
	“I’m sorry about Blake,” she replied as Chad wiped a tear from her cheek. 
	“During the battle, he took a bullet.  It paralyzed him from that moment.  He knew we couldn’t carry him back, so he made the commitment to stay behind.” Finding his Sergeant riddled with bullets didn’t bring any comfort knowing it was painful yet quick.  His rifle was still propped up and tightly clenched in his lifeless grip, which let him know that Blake didn’t back down.  He was ready and willing to die for this cause.  Because after all, it was a cause he could serve with purpose.  A long shot off from killing armed civilians in a misguided effort to contain the plague. “He saved our asses.” 
	“I wish I could say the same for Wayne.” 
	“Well,” Chad sighed. “You’re still here, aren’t you?” she silently nodded. “Everyone in that fire-pit died for us.” 
	“What about Katie?  All she wanted to do was live.  Did she die for us?” Lexie felt even worse that a non-combatant had been taken in the heat of battle.  It wasn’t a victory to her, as her objective to keep civilians alive wasn’t accomplished. 
	“She may not have deserved to die.  But if it was her time, there was nothing we could do to stop it.” 
	A few yards away, Staff Sergeant Logan hadn’t moved either.  He was also filled with remorse.  By works of a precise bullet, Evan suffered a wound that couldn’t be healed in the time allotted.  Evan had always been like a little brother to him, from Nova Three to Outpost Seven.  He’d survive while his younger counterparts would die.  It’d been like that from the beginning, and he doubted it would change anytime soon. 
	Back at the program room, Walter had collected most of his unit regarding a new matter. “That war put us at a disadvantage.  I hate to admit, but six teams of three isn’t the kind of strength I’d trust in another firefight.  And judging by what we heard four days ago, another firefight is right around the corner.” 
	“You’re starting to worry me,” Aaron said from his seat. 
	“Why?” Walt asked. 
	“I don’t want to lose my squad.” 
	“Well, you’re going to have to live with that.  Because we don’t have a choice anymore.  I’m bumping you onto fire team Alpha.  That goes for Collins and Riggs as well.” 
	The Technical Sergeant had seen his advantage in flight blown to pieces in an instant by his own control.  That left him with an assault rifle he wasn’t so accustomed to as the rest of his platoon.  Jason Collins nodded without worry, though. “Roger that,” 
	A few yards away, PFC Riggs also confirmed his commanding officer’s wishes. “Yes, sir.” 
	He looked over at the three members of Delta squad speaking amongst themselves quietly. “We’re morphing into three teams of six.  But seeing how the Master Sergeant lived and breathed Delta, you’re staying put and keeping the namesake.” 
	Both Sergeants looked at each other, then turned back to Walter. “Well, who’s gonna be in charge?” 
	“Crawford.” 
	Isaac chuckled for a moment. “And here I was thinking I’d get the job.” 
	“Sorry, Sanchez.  I prefer someone I can trust more than you.” 
	“It’s because I’m Mexican, isn’t it?” Sanchez asked sarcastically. 
	“Dude,” Luke swiveled his head, “you’re Filipino.  You told me yourself.” 
	“Should have known that was gonna come back to haunt me,” the Sergeant waved off the younger man’s statement with a flip of the bird. 
	“Clemens, McKown, and Bowman will be part of designation Bravo.  Since none are present, you can give them the news.  Kurt, you and Dobbs are in Delta.” 
	The Airman First Class wanted to debate his transition. “Staff Sergeant.  Back in Nashville, you called on Delta to do the dirty work and the suicide missions.” 
	“What’s your point, Dobbs?” 
	“I’m not that good with a gun.  I’ve only been in the military for a year…well, two now.” 
	“So have I,” Luke said with a smirk. “You don’t see me complaining.” 
	“You got on Delta because Captain Powell convinced him you were the best shooter in Colorado.” 
	“Could you please stop bitching and just--” 
	“Enough!” Walt voiced sternly at Luke. “I’m sorry I couldn’t put you in command of your own team, Gift.  I think you’d do a better job on my squad.” 
	“You’re the boss,” Aaron shrugged. “Nothing I can do about it.” 
	“Good man,” Walt smirked.  He looked back out to the smoke stained valley through shattered panes of glass. “Since it’s all quiet for now, take this as your leave.  We don’t get a lot of moments like this.” 
	“I can’t relax with my mind on a bigger fight.” Gift mumbled to himself. 
	“Take what you can, Aaron.  I expect all of you to be rested, locked, and loaded when the next shot goes off.  Meeting adjourned,” he dispersed from the room on a heading for the cabins.  Walt had also seen a spell of sleeplessness and planned to amend it in the next ten minutes. 
	A few hours in passing saw the majority of people returning to the dining hall for dinner.  All that were absent from the party were Walter and Derek.  One was sleeping in, the other had disappeared from the outpost.  Derek needed solitude and nobody, not even Robert, would deny him.  Everyone else barely took a second to notice either missing from the collective. 
	“I’ve called you all here regarding our next course of action,” Robert spoke with Jacob at his side.  When in doubt, he always had the marine to back him up. 
	Zack rose to a stand, “What’s does that mean?” 
	“It means,” Jacob stepped forward, “this war is far from over.” 
	“How is that possible?” Farad asked next. “We must have picked up eighty bodies belonging to the militia.” 
	“We have strong reason to believe Travis didn’t bring his entire fighting force during the assault.” 
	“Do you have proof?” 
	Robert shook his head. “No.  But Travis never made a threat he didn’t follow through with.  I doubt this is any different.” 
	Jacob cleared his throat. “Regardless of the veracity of his threat, one thing is still true.  Travis got away with enough gunmen to match ours.  So he will come back regardless.  The fact remains that our munitions were expended in the first wave.  We have no tactical advantage if he comes back with half as many shooters as he brought this time.” 
	“Yeah,” Zack noted, “but now we’ve got a stockpile of AK47s left behind from their dead.” 
	“How much ammunition do they have?” Jacob asked. “One clip, maybe two.” 
	“More like three rounds per clip.” Chad said factually but with a slight hint of sarcasm. 
	Staff Sergeant Logan chuckled, “No shit.”
	Zack returned to his seat, accepting his defeat in silence.  He didn’t consider ammunition.  A bunch of empty rifles would get them…nowhere. “Well,” he sighed. “What did you have in mind?” 
	“For what it’s worth,” Chad cracked his fingers as he spoke, “I never back down from a fight.  Nor do any of these sons of bitches.” 
	“I’m not going to ask you to fight,” Robert shook his head. “Not this time.  You’ve already done more than enough.” 
	“More than enough is a job half done,” the voice of Walter peeped up from the opposite end of the building.  Some were confused to see him showing up late, others were a little disappointed he wasn’t still asleep. “I thank my men for letting me get my beauty sleep, but don’t for a second think I’m sitting out a topic like this.” 
	“Walter,” Rob slid his jaw.  Talking with this guy was harder than most thought.  Convincing him to back down from a sequel skirmish was going to be hard if not impossible. 
	“When we arrived, there were twenty three of us.  We’ve been reduced to eighteen, but that doesn’t mean we’re going to lay our weapons down.” 
	“Face facts,” Robert’s commanding voice jumped out of the closet he’d locked it in since retiring from the service. “We blew this place to hell and left nothing behind for a second assault.  You may trust yourself with a gun, but I can’t take that risk.” 
	“I’m not asking you to make that risk.  Everyone here--” 
	“Stop with the volunteer speech,” Jacob cut him off. “Yes, your men wouldn’t hesitate to take a bullet for anyone in this room.  But now’s not the time to have a big heart.  That kind of confidence is dangerous.  Rob’s right.  We won’t be able to stop them if they come back with those numbers again.  We need to cut our losses.” 
	The Staff Sergeant tapped his foot in frustration.  This is why he hated officers and jarheads, especially when both were put together.  But for one of the few times in his life, he had to agree. “Like Zack said, what do you have in mind?” 
	Rob hesitated.  In the silence, he hoped Jacob could fill the space.  Both were reluctant to have no answer. “Nothing,” Rob grunted. “My objective is to keep people alive.  And to do that, my only concern is leaving this camp before Greer comes back.  I have no idea where we’ll go.” 
	“Before you make up your mind,” Luke was next. “Anything east of Louisiana is caked in fallout.” 
	Sergeant Myers followed. “Chalk that up to anarchy.” 
	“Chalk that up to the Soviets,” another grunt corrected. 
	“Based on what we know, LA is a dead zone.  The winds pushed it inland northwest.” 
	“What about Mexico,” Scott threw out sarcastically. 
	Several laughed out loud.  Jacob was the first to reply, though. “First of all, I couldn’t take the heat.  Secondly, the Coronas are either expired or empty.  And last, we don’t know what it’ll look like down there.” 
	“We don’t know what it’ll look like anywhere,” Myers shot back instantly. “From what we saw while we were speeding out of Tennessee, at least five warheads have been detonated.  For all we know, Phoenix could be nothing more than dust.” 
	“We could see a bomb going off in Los Angeles from here,” Zack said. “One going off in Phoenix would have blinded us.” 
	“Then, at least we would see no evil.” Mitch muttered under his breath. 
	Ben pondered it, his eyes swaying back and forth across the room’s ceiling. “If we can’t trust anywhere on land, what about on water.” 
	Several soldiers gave him an odd look.  Luke was the first to speak against it. “Where would we grow food?  Better question, where would we sleep?” 
	Robert raised a finger. “Hold on.  He raises a good point.  Zombies can’t swim.” 
	“Neither can I.” Walsh contested. 
	Walter gave him a crude glance. “Shut up, Private.  If it were possible, how would we find a vessel large enough to accommodate this many people?” 
	“If needs be, we’ll use several.” 
	“The ocean is a big variable on it’s own,” Chad stated. “Tropical storms, tidal waves, earthquakes, not to mention the wildlife.” 
	A wave of memories flashed through Rob’s mind. “It doesn’t have to be a ship.” 
	“What do you mean,” Walt asked, “like an island?” 
	“In a way.  I was considering a drill platform.” His words brought several to comment silently. “It’s raised off the surface of the ocean, so there’s no way a zombie could get to us.  On an island, they’d walk right up the beach.” 
	Jacob nodded. “The nearest oil rig would have to be off the coast of California or in the Gulf of Mexico.” 
	“My bets are on California.” Rob confirmed. “If another nuke went off in that direction, we would have seen it.  Long as we stay south of LA, we’re clear.  San Diego is about as south as it gets before crossing the border.” 
	“Hate to burst your bubble, guys,” Senior Airman David McKown twiddled his thumbs. “There aren’t any oil rigs off the coast of San Diego.  They’re about a hundred miles north, right off the coast of that same city we’re trying to avoid.” 
	“Yeah,” Rob shrugged, “but that bomb was detonated well inland, wasn’t it?” 
	Walter nodded. “Ground zero was in Pomona, between the San Gabriel and Santa Ana mountains.  They thought it would block any escape through Riverside and we all know how well that turned out.” 
	“That gives us ten miles and the winds are in our favor.” 
	McKown scoffed. “It’s your call.  But don’t say I didn’t warn you if you wake up with eight fingers on your right hand.” 
	With a late afternoon settling the sun on a distant horizon, Derek took no pleasure in his solitude.  He went out armed with a single magazine for the Desert Eagle and a dagger.  As for supplies, he didn’t even bring a bottle of water to help him get by.  He didn’t want to get by.  Just as Robert had suffered with Nicole, Derek was now devoid of the one possession he valued more than anything.  Fasted of sustenance, for his body felt no need.  He didn’t want the energy to go on.
	Derek chambered the first round in his gun as the sun’s last rays dispersed from the canopy of trees.  All alone in this world, perhaps he could find love again in the next.  Though he never feared death, he never contemplated suicide as a means to cope.  But if Audrey could do so, how should he be any different?  After all, his final moments with Katie were of love and cherished in his memory.  That memory ran blood red while he visualized the murderers emptying their clips into the walls of the cabins. 
	“What did she do to deserve this?” Derek raised his eyes to the heavens but no answer came. “You should have taken me instead!  I’m the killer!” He pressed the gun to his temple. “I deserved to die!” His finger itched to pull.  And no inhibitions were stopping him.  He’d die an unknown in the middle of nowhere, just like he thought he would two weeks earlier.  His teeth clenched shut as tightly as his eyes.  The trigger slowly depressed, the firing pin sliding ever closer to the caliber inside. 
	A twig snapped at his back.  By instinct, he swung the weapon back around and his eyes opened.  Whoever had followed him out here shouldn’t have.  Robert wouldn’t get the chance to put a bullet in his leg this time.  He’d still end his own life before the weapon could be removed from his grip. “Who’s there?” he yelled.  No answer fell upon his ears. “You’ve got about five seconds to show yourself!  After that, I’ll be gone.” 
	Through the brush, not a man approached, but a hairy figure walking on four legs.  Derek was taken aback, his footing lost by a blind step backwards.  Before him, a gray wolf stopped upon making eye contact.  The man raised his weapon to fire, but something compelled his finger to release from the trigger.  He was looking into it’s eyes, and it was looking right back.  For some reason, he lowered his weapon to the ground.  It took him a moment to rise back to a stand.  The beast didn’t move an inch. 
	Derek’s eyesight was diminished by the failing light, which may have been the reason why the wolf lingered.  While he would be blind at night, the animal had night vision unparalleled.  Something caught him off guard and forced a double-take.  When the wolf sat on it’s hind legs, it became evident. “It’s female.” 
	Though the animal’s instincts were normal for a single wolf facing a single human, Derek took this as a sign.  A sign that Katie wasn’t long from his heart.  The wolf tilted its head, as though waiting for Derek to approach.  And he did, slowly and carefully.  The fingers of his right hand loosely felt the handle of his blade, just for safe measure.  His left hand outstretched, he dropped to a knee, and waited.  In another second, she took the final step and sniffed his palm. 
	He had no food to offer, yet he didn’t think that was what she truly wanted.  A chance to reconcile with his lost love, as Robert was given the same ability with the soul of Nicole.  As quickly as the animal had shown up, it turned its head and walked away.  Disappearing into the brush, Derek looked back to the skies. “I should have been there to protect you.” Her voice didn’t come out of nowhere to bring him comfort.  He was still alone.  Just like he’d always been.  A lone wolf, only given the luxury of a small pack to relieve his heartache.  This animal in the wild was no different than him. 

Day 422
Parting Gift

	Midday, the plans had been divvied up amongst the several figureheads.  They intended to collect gas, and some were talking about bringing the zombies into some buildings.  Though a few were caught off guard by this strange intention, none truly questioned the radical thoughts Robert was becoming more and more accustomed to.  He’d taken them this far and everything had gone off smoothly, besides the shaky start that almost ended his life. 
	Savannah looked across the empty camp.  The bloody remains of several gunmen still littered the trashed environment.  What a way to leave it. “It’s strange,” her head leaned forward. “I never planned on living my life here.  Now that I’ve been here so long…I don’t want to leave.” 
	“Neither do I,” Zack leaned his head on hers. “But what choice do we have?  This is how we’ll get through, right?” 
	She turned and kissed him on the lips. “I love you.” 
	Zack smiled. “I can’t stop looking at you.” 
	“It’s not just me you’re looking at.” 
	Less than fifty yards away, Robert was having a hard time adjusting to what he was going to leave.  And Derek wasn’t much of a stranger to him in these perplexing moments. “Walt wants to bring zombies into the camp?” 
	“Yeah,” Rob answered Derek’s question. “He sent a team of six out to go looking for them before the sun rose.” 
	Derek’s scan of his own shadow proved it to be near noon, if not already past. “What’s taking them so long?” 
	“Zombies aren’t much for the Olympics, remember?  And I assume we shot up half of the town’s population a couple weeks ago.  Zombies might be a little scarce up here.” 
	“We should have gone to the bar and celebrated.” The question digging under his skin still hadn’t been answered, though. “Tell me, why does Walt want to bring in the one thing we’ve worked so hard to keep out of here?” 
	“Because keeping them out of here won’t be our problem after today.  It’ll be Travis’ problem.” 
	“Oh, I see,” Derek let a grin cross his face. “You want to leave him a parting gift.” 
	“More or less.  I would have rigged this whole place to blow, but we’re fresh out of explosives.” 
	“You wouldn’t nuke the outpost, Rob.  You love this place too much.” 
	“It’s too bad we have to leave it.”
	Derek threw an arm over Rob’s neck as they turned to face the campus. “I get the strange sensation this isn’t the last time our paths cross with this sacred place.”
	Robert shifted his attention to another pair approaching. “Hey, Lexie,” he waved a hand at her and the Sergeant beside her.  These days, it looked like Farad may have been attached at the hip to his Staff Sergeant. 
	Lexie nodded her head in acknowledgement. “What’s the objective, Sergeant?” 
	“I’m not a Sergeant anymore, Lexie--” 
	“Just another dumb redneck out in the woods,” Derek cut off the telltale line. “Out of beer and without a cause.” Robert sent him a disgruntled look. “I’ve only heard you say it a hundred times.” 
	“Yeah,” Robert smirked, “it’s still my line.” 
	“I think I might have to adopt it, considering I’m the recovering alcoholic of the family.” 
	“You’re still recovering?” Robert sounded confused.
	“Guys!” Lexie interrupted their debate. “We’re leaving tomorrow, what would you have us do?” 
	“We’ve got plenty of daylight, don’t get your panties in a bunch.” Derek heard the distant roar of engines. “Sounds like they’re almost back.” 
	“I didn’t want to take care of any other matters until the zombies were dealt with.” Robert shifted his glance from the front gate to Lexie once more. “You let everyone know about the new safety hazard.” 
	“Of course,” Lexie nodded. “Most everyone has gathered in the dining hall.  The rest of the structures are clear, everyone’s stuff is packed and just needs to be loaded up.” 
	“What about food and water?” 
	“Chad’s unit is packing up coolers and ice chests with fruits and vegetables right now.” 
	Derek chuckled. “There’s a squad of riflemen picking fruit?” He started to the crops, “This I gotta see.”
	Barely having pierced the front gate, Walter had his eyes glaring through the rear view mirror more than he did on the blacktop ahead of them.  Behind them maybe fifty feet, a half dozen or so undead walked in a slow, uncoordinated manner.  Onboard the roof of the truck, both Jacob and Aaron were sharing a bottle of whiskey, probably picked up during the trip into town. 
	While the Staff Sergeant still had a tolerance ages after he’d quit habitual drinking, Jacob’s character was completely opposite of what was normally expected.  For the first time, people had heard him slurring his word and mixing them up every sentence. “I thought marines could hold their alcohol.” 
	“I never was a heavy drinker,” Jacob’s head spun on a swivel, no more coordination in his movements than the zombies following them. “The saying goes ‘drunkard by choice’ and it wasn’t one of mine.  Being a sniper, I had to keep a level head at all times.”
	“What about now?” 
	“What about now?” Jacob copied, “We’ve got eight zombies following us, two soldiers on the roof of a truck, five more,” he pounded the roof once, “squeezed in the cab.  I’ve seen some nonsense in my day, but this was impossible to do sober.” He raised the bottle in the air. “I propose a toast.  To the zombies in hot pursuit.” Jake took one last drink before handing it back. “That’s more than enough for me.” 
	“To the dead,” Aaron said under his breath before chugging two shots.  The drink now empty, Aaron retracted it by the cap behind his head.  Without warning, he swung it forward.  Though his aim was distorted by the effects of his intoxication, the bottle still made contact.  A zombie barely noticed the object impact him in the chest at full throttle.  Another hundred yards down the road spotted Robert, Lexie, and Farad walking adjacent to him. 
	From a distance of five feet, Robert felt his hair singeing from the proximity to Jacob’s breath. “Early to start?” 
	“Not even,” Jacob dismounted shakily, but still found level footing on the ground. “Long as we keep their eyes on us, they won’t bother anyone else.” The group had stopped for a number of moments, thus slimming the distance from the crowd of undead. “Where did you want to put them?” 
	“You’ve got eight?” Robert asked just to be sure, his count from a distance still could have been wrong. 
	“Affirmative,” Jacob mispronounced the word three times before the final syllable. 
	Lexie laughed. “Of all the people I expected to get blackout wasted, you were the last.” Their party took the first step when the zombies were within twenty feet. 
	“Well, looks like I’m the first now.” Jake shot back playfully, “Whiskey never leaves a good story, neither do I.” 
	“Putting two and two together might not have been the best idea.” 
	“There was only one me and one bottle,” Jacob stated in a voice hinting agitation. “Like I was saying, Bobby.” 
	Robert scoffed in amusement. “One per cabin at the meadow, the rest we can mix among the different buildings throughout the complex.” 
	Lexie patted Rob’s shoulder. “Be careful, Rob.  There’s only one way in and out of the cabins at Cedar Ridge.” 
	“I’m aware of that problem.” Rob nodded, “I’ve been working here long enough, I’d better.”
	Their walk soon crossed paths with the others from the trip into town.  In all, Walter, Aaron, and Tanner chose to join the group.  The others chose instead to disappear into the crops and avoid redirecting the contingent of undead toward them.  The Staff Sergeant threw Robert a hand to shake. “Good to see you again, Bobby.” 
	“Was it bad out there?” 
	“Not really.  This just happens to be the first leatherneck I’ve seen that can’t take shots like the rest of Parris Island.” 
	“I spend more time with a cigarette between my lips than a bottle of whiskey.” 
	“At least it’s not a joint,” Robert commented.  He gave the grouping of zombies another take. “You might have even picked up too many.” 
	With a smirk, Jacob drew his revolver as though none of his coordination behind the sights was lost by drunken stupor.  A quick spin on his axis was in sync with his thumb priming the hammer.  One bullet out, a zombie was put on its back.  The entry wound was sufficient to shatter his target’s skull. “That’s fitting.  Seven zombies.” 
	“That number is more common than three,” Lexie commented. 
	The party had to split up into smaller groups, though the majority of the undead crowd remained focused on the same target.  As curiously as Jacob’s movement, he was at the center of attention.  Intoxication meant nothing to him regarding the lethality of zombies.  He was sure to keep his distance at all times. 
	In their inability to ascend the stairs on level footing, Robert was able to dissuade all but one to follow him instead.  His course ran the crowd of six toward a smaller staircase leading to the cabin where so many of them, including him, had used for quarters.  Walt, this time, was able to draw the attention of five stragglers while Rob was left with one. 
	By this time Jacob had led his pursuer into the far door, given him a wide enough proximity to enter sluggishly, and close the opposite door on the other side of the building.  Locking it wasn’t necessary, as the undead lacked even the basest of logic.  The day zombies started twisting doorknobs, the world really would end.  It didn’t keep the beast from scratching and pounding at the thick metal barrier. 
	The space of four seconds took Rob to hastily cross the hall and exit his own structure. “That’s two,” he gave a glance over the balcony edge to see Walter leading the five others toward the last two cabins.  It was a bit of a journey from here to there, maybe a hundred feet on concrete before Walter would deliver them up the steps to Colorado. 
	Robert hit his radio, ignorant to the knocking door behind him. “The traps are set in the first two cabins, over.” He was quick to regroup with Jacob on the ground.  Aaron was sure to circle wide around to join Walt on his course.  The two split off.  While Walter kept three on his trail, his second got the eyes of their last two centered on him. “How you doing over there, Walt?” 
	“It’s all good,” it took the Staff Sergeant a second to answer, as it took him one hand to open the door and another to slide the stop to open. “Suppose we might want to leave these last ones clumped up.” 
	“Why’s that?” Robert asked en route. 
	“If we spread these bastards out one per building, the jig’s gonna be up before they even open these doors.” 
	“We’ll be lucky if even one of the militia suffers a scratch or bite,” Jacob said to Robert.  From here, they could still see Aaron leading the last two into the next cabin. 
	“It’s your call, Staff Sergeant.  After all, it was your idea.” 
	“Copy that,” Walt hesitated with three beings capable of ending a life within six hours of contact staring him down from five feet away.  A smile spread across his face before he swung the door shut with all his strength.  Upon closing, a loud crack left one of the undead moaning through the door. “Deaf, dumb, and blind,” chuckled he before jogging back to close up the entryway. 
	In less than a minute, both he and Aaron were among Rob and Jacob again. “Have any trouble?” Jacob asked. 
	Aaron shook his head, “They never got close.” 
	“Good,” Jacob drew a pack of smokes from his satchel. “I’m glad we’re leaving tomorrow.  I’m out of cigarettes.” 
	“You ever try quitting?” Aaron asked. 
	Jacob let out a long, drawn out laugh. “I tried to quit a dozen times.  The government even tried to abolish smoking on the frontline.  But I don’t chew gum and I don’t wear patches.  I’m one of those few who are just destined to die of lung cancer.” 
	“The few, the proud,” Robert added in marked sarcasm. “I’m going on a hunt for a gas depot.  We aren’t getting to San Diego without any.” 
	Another five minutes saw Robert leading two humvees out the gate.  In the cargo well of the lead truck, upwards of a dozen empty gas cans bounced on the uneven turf.  No misfortune would shed its eyes in the subsequent raid, and every of the seven automobiles taking the journey would be full before supper arrived. 
	With the lack of sunlight, a massive fire had been built.  One last campfire to light up the outpost.  The entire party was present, as going to bed in the cabins was illogical with the new guests scraping at the doors.  Some were particularly scared, and had their eyes glued behind them in case one such zombie were to get free. 
	Over the fire, two elk were slowly roasting to a tender bite.  The smell was terrific, since a diet mostly vegan was established for just so long.  Thankfully for the carnivores, most of the soldiers had been on a hunting trip once or twice before.  And while Robert and Jacob had fallen short taking trips on the ground and only venturing as much as five miles from the outpost, the military didn’t rely on their feet to travel.  Walter’s humvees traveled up to thirty miles in search of zombies, and wildlife to feed the masses crossed their path. 
	Rob cleared his throat. “I know some of you don’t want to leave this place.  And I feel that same way.  This is our only option, I cannot stress that enough.” 
	“You’ve spent the last ten days stressing it, Bobby.” Terrence replied with a mouth half full. “Of course you can stress it enough.” 
	On the other side of the fire, Brooke spoke up. “Seeing how it’s our last night, let’s make some memories.  Would anyone like to speak on behalf of those who didn’t make it this far.”
	Through the smoke, her eyes met Robert’s.  And they looked less pleased than most others. “I try not to dwell on the past.” 
	Brooke tilted her head toward the chapel. “Those graves aren’t coming with us.” 
	“I’ll say something,” Ben rose to a stand. “About Chris.” At the mention of a name, everyone stopped with the side conversations and left only the fire to crackle in silence. “Him and I never really were on the best of terms.  I remember on a daily basis telling Rob, Derek, Carl, and Zack how much of an idiot he was.  One time, he asked when I was going to quit, to which I told him I was going to be here forever and die in his arms.” 
	Derek smirked. “He spent eighty percent of the day driving around in his van and telling everyone else what to do, the other twenty was devoted to lunch time.” A number of chuckles were shared. 
	The elder continued. “After the zombies happened, I’d find myself waking up at the break of dawn to hear him asking how much toilet paper is left in the cabins.” 
	“Or how the mule got back to the maintenance shed without the keys,” Terrence threw in. 
	“There’s a hole in the bucket, dear Liza, dear Liza,” Robert added sarcastically. The laughs jumped another octave. 
	Ben sighed as the ambience dropped to its previous level. “But one thing I’ll never forget about him is his smile.” 
	“Chris smiled?” Mitch asked. 
	“Only when he was looking at Audrey,” Derek’s eyes faced downward, almost shameful that he had spoken.  Ben gave him a nod and returned to his seat. 
	Savannah jumped to her feet in his place. “Carl was a trip.  As rude and loud as he was, I’m surprised he didn’t get fired years ago.” 
	“Carl was a hero,” Robert followed up. “He took a shotgun shell to the chest and still managed to save my life.” 
	“Funniest kid I’ve ever had the privilege of working with,” Ben was last.  A space of silence filled the void.  The military units knew little if anything about the lives lost before their arrival.  All they knew were their own, lost barely two weeks ago. 
	Luke stepped up to the plate. “I’ve only been a part of this platoon for about a year now.  Before that, I was with you guys,” his finger pointed to Lexie and Farad sitting beside one another. “But from the moment Powell enlisted me for Delta, I knew I was in for a hell of a ride--” 
	Lexie interrupted, “Could you get over your pride for two minutes, stop calling him Powell, and start calling him dad?” 
	Walsh smirked, “You make it seem like I forgot.  The truth is, everyone else knows him better as Powell.  But, as I was saying, Master Sergeant Owens was unlike any NCO I’d met.  While we were in Nashville, he said something to me I’ll never forget.” 
	“Sit down, shut up, and reload?” Isaac asked. 
	“It doesn’t matter how you lived your life for yourself.  How you define the lives of others is what makes you worth your time on this earth.” 
	“Amen,” Walter muttered to himself. 
	The space between speakers was taking too long, following Luke’s words of wisdom passed on from his fallen squad leader.  Robert was inclined to follow. “Nicole,” a rush of sorrow spread over his lips.  He could feel everyone looking right at him, waiting for him to continue. “As long as I worked here, she was always trying to get closer to me.  Every day I was sure my death would lead me to hell.  Every day, she convinced me that my life was far from over…and then I crossed over.  I found her angel waiting for me on the other side. 
	“Just like she said, my judgment couldn’t be determined by past transgressions, but instead the will to correct for my mistakes.  She brought me to heaven, consoled me for what seemed like hours before Danny brought me back from the grave.  Losing her was the hardest thing I had to accept in my life.  But knowing she’s found her peace makes all the grief evaporate.” Robert rose to a stand. “I lost my wife and an unborn child in the blink of an eye.  It took me too long to realize that I never really lost them, that they’ll be waiting when I meet them again.” 
	Robert had no more words to speak, and so left into the darkness of night.  His position atop the crow’s nest had to be filled.  The sermon anyone else would have delivered seemed irrelevant when compared to Robert’s misery.  Derek had little to say about Katie.  She’d lived and died, and he’d done his best to be at her side for every fearful second of a radically different life.  Would she be waiting for him when his life came to an end? 

Day 423
Abandon

	How the outpost had survived trial after trial was a mystery to all.  The mystery of her survival didn’t matter any longer.  Because in silence of an early morning, it’s hypothetical death met them point-blank.  Most, if not all, expected the gates to fall under an Armageddon of flames, gunshots, and spilt blood. 
	From the first days until now, a total of thirteen souls belonging to the outpost had been relinquished of mortal bonds.  Their passing was interpreted as foundation, to maintain this complex through the roughest of storms.  But when more lives were taken in a single day than anyone imaged, the storm was too powerful to face. 
	Robert opened his eyes for probably the hundredth time as the sun crested over the horizon.  Insomnia hadn’t become him since the raid.  Perhaps the excitement and suspense of a new setting.  Then again, the outpost was in his heart.  And leaving home was always the hardest. 
	His post atop the climbing tower brought back memories, good and bad.  But for some reason, it seemed colder than he remembered.  The temperature was similar to late October, yet the sun was filling the morning sky faster.  While nobody could much set up a calendar this long, a general conception was drawn: if it’s snowing, it’s Christmas; if it’s hot, it’s July. 
	Robert better relied on sound than sight.  Where sight was easy to blind, sound traveled far beyond the shuffles of pine, oak, and aspen.  A single moment of silence informed him of at least two others waking and no foreign noises among the ambience of nature.  As soon as everyone was up, the convoy would leave.  Rappelling down from his lookout, Robert make a beeline for a final objective he had to fulfill.  If this was the last time he’d be here, he wanted to make it count for something. 
	Some distance away, Jacob looked about from the roof of his RV.  Right beneath his feet, he was considerably quiet for seven people in slumber.  All around the trailer, he could see five outlines of the same dull Army green.  Everyone was slackened between two and five riflemen squeezing into the seats for comfort.  Some preferred space, though, and chose the hard dirt or brush. 
	Jake sighed as a moment of reflection burdened vague remnants of the city where he was made into a marine. “Ghillie suit isn’t gonna do a lot of good where we’re going,” he said, woe in his voice.  Jacob never truly cared about the ocean or living on it.  As a land-based sharpshooter, he had to alter almost everything in calculation.  Humidity, elevation, and temperature changed drastically from a landlocked forest at six thousand feet.  It would be an interesting change of pace, to say the least. 
	Inside the RV, outside sounds were replaced by solitude and snores.  A pair of emerald eyes swept up and down both ends of the cab.  Some light peered through the windows, yet no rays of pure gold signified the sun had yet to rise.  Savannah carefully stretched her arms, as to avoid waking Zack at her side.  Hearing him yawn, she wasn’t so disappointed to fail her objective. 
	“Good morning,” Zack whispered in her ear. 
	Savannah smiled when she made eye contact. “How’d you sleep.” 
	“I got enough,” his answer neutral. “What about you?” 
	She was silent for a few moments. “I’ve never been to San Diego.” 
	“Really,” Zack scoffed.  His question met a nod. “Never been to Seaworld?” 
	“No.  I never wasted my money on a fish who kills people.” 
	Zack chuckled. “Were you hoping for a fair trial or something?  I blame it on the people who ignore the ‘killer’ in killer whale.” Savannah giggled silently. “Well, you didn’t miss much.  I prefer roller coasters to fish who jump through hoops.  I’m just surprised to hear you haven’t been to San Diego.” 
	“I didn’t want to go, either.” 
	“Why not?” 
	“My brother,” she sighed. “He was in San Diego, training for the corps.” A tear strayed down her cheek. “Then zombies took over.  I don’t want to go to where he died.” 
	“How do you know he died?” 
	Savannah sighed. “How couldn’t he have?  The world is dead, so how could he be alive.” 
	“Faith,” Zack slid a palm through her hair. 
	“Faith’s a little short to come by these days.” 
	Returning to a cross staked into the dirt, Robert never felt so many regrets as now.  Flowers at her grave had wilted and waited to be replaced.  Tears welled in his eyes.  He had nothing to leave in their place.  He raised the chain of military identification around his neck, since no other object of value was on his person. “My mortal soul departs with them.” Robert hung the engraved pair of dog-tags around her cross. “But my spirit remains with you.” He dropped to a knee, eyes closed, as if he was taking up in prayer.  Robert never was a spiritual person, not once did he confirm belief in a peaceful afterlife.  He could have sworn his choices of old would lead him to hell. “Guide us, my angel.  That’s all that I ask.” 
	Robert rose to his feet and took a step back.  Goosebumps raised his skin and his spine tingled for a moment.  A single blink of his closed eyes obscured the black and in its place, he saw something chance and memories could only grant him.  Nicole, smiling back at him, her spirit enveloped in an aura of white light. “Don’t regret that you’re leaving,” her voice echoed in his ears.  He looked around for source of the signature voice. As quickly as his eyes shut and reopened to find an empty graveyard, her voice lingered in his subconscious. “This journey was meant to take you elsewhere.  Many will fall under your leadership, and few will be healed of the deepest scars.  But you will find what you’re searching for.” 
	“What I’m searching for?” Rob asked. “All I ever wanted was you.” 
	“Our time may have been short, but I wouldn’t replace it for anything in the world.” 
	“Many will fall under my leadership?” He reiterated again. “Who?” 
	“I can’t tell you that, it’s against the rules.” Nikki resented the words, he knew by her tone. “A time will come when you feel you’ve lost everything.  Don’t give up.  Everything will be answered once you come back.” 
	“What do you mean, back here?” No answer reverberated in his ears.  She was gone, and while her scant few seconds in his company brought him console and a spark of happiness, so many questions seemed to flood his mind.  It could have been imagination, but his heart begged otherwise. 
	Few saw their departure as an end and tried to think it more as a new beginning.  Though none had spent a life on the ocean, the experience would befall them soon.  Better to accept it now than hate it later.  Walter took the wheel of the lead humvee.  Being a native of Southern California, he was one who would know the route with or without a map.  Still, Myers was reluctant to find himself unoccupied in the passenger seat. 
	A convoy of seven vehicles, fitting for the namesake they were leaving behind, trailed down the unkempt dirt road.  Nothing but a crater and the charred skeleton of a semi trailer interrupted the course as of yet.  While the military had taken the lead, Robert was found trailing six vehicles.  Derek had taken up a seat beside him in the Silverado.  In the back, both Kyle and Brett had gone right back to sleep. 
	Directly behind Walt’s lead, Jacob’s RV didn’t get left behind.  The largest vehicle served well to accommodate a total of eight.  Only one onboard was officially trained to use a firearm.  But if all went as they hoped, Jacob wouldn’t have to fire a single bullet.  Thus was the buffer of five mounted Browning machineguns, despite their finite ammunition. 
	Zack took a seat opposite Jacob. “You ever get tired of driving this thing?” 
	“Driving is one of my favorite things, second only to shooting a gun.” 
	“Last time you drove this, we ended up going all the way to Fort Carson.” 
	Jacob smirked. “As much as I hate to say it, this is a vacation vehicle.” 
	“Why do you hate to say it?” 
	“My idea of a vacation is camping in the wilderness with nothing but the clothes on my back and a KA-BAR in my hand.” 
	Zack laughed, “How’d you end up with an RV?” 
	“I had a daughter, not a son.  She may have gotten her inner marine from me, but she was still a lady.  And you should know what a lady needs by now.” Zack nodded silently in agreement.  Jacob’s daughter Alyssa was a subject few dared to tread upon.  Zack wasn’t going to risk being one of those few. 
	Last to turn right onto solid asphalt, Robert was greeted by another memory. “I never got the chance to congratulate you.” 
	“For what?” Derek asked, his eyes also directed to the blackened pillars and demolished fuel pumps. 
	“For not setting the forest on fire when you rigged that place to blow.” 
	A scoff, “Thanks.  I was starting to think you didn’t appreciate how good I am at blowing shit up.” 
	“You make it sound like this wasn’t the first time.” 
	Derek sent him a peculiar look, “Maybe it wasn’t.” His eyes fixated outward from the road they sped along.  The density of trees were thicker than he remembered.  A whole year of nobody collecting firewood left thousands of dead standing in place among millions of living, vibrant green woods.  This is what the forest looked like after the world died.  It made him question how the urban metropolis of Phoenix would have held up after this length of time. 
	“You seem better,” Robert’s statement regarded Derek’s character since Katie’s death. 
	“I got my sign, just like you,” he sighed after the words were removed.  It was a sign.  How else could a carnivorous predator such as a wolf stare him down for several minutes before turning away? “Seven cars leaving Outpost Seven.” 
	“What would that make us now?  Nomad Seven?” 
	Derek chuckled, “It’s got a nice ring to it.” 
	Twenty miles were put behind them in a space of eye flashes and short conversations.  Though felled trees across the roadway served to stop them for minutes at a time, all were grateful to be rid of a menace called the highway patrol.  Reaching a viewpoint, driving alongside a cliff edge marked their arrival at the Mogollon Rim.  A mutual feel of shock and awe impacted everyone equally. 
	“Remind you of anywhere?” Chad asked from the driver’s seat of the third car in formation. 
	Lexie let a space of woe out through her nostrils. “Yeah, Colorado.” 
	In the back seat, Daniel and Melanie were inseparable while Luke did his best to stay away from the couple. “I wish New Mexico looked this good,” Melanie input. 
	“You still got it better than Texas,” Luke followed. 
	Chad shook his head. “You guys don’t give your home states enough credit.  A lot can change in a year.” 
	“Ain’t that the truth,” Daniel was last, his eyes trapped on Melanie’s.  She returned him a smile. 
	The route kept its uneventful monotony for the next thirty or so miles.  Nobody could ask for a better morning on roads that could have changed for the worst at any moment.  Luck was on their side.  Maybe God was, too.  An outlying district stood between them and Payson, but most passersby only slowed their speed enough to avoid a photo radar trap.  Welcome to Star Valley. 
	By this time, most had been awake for at least an hour.  Everyone’s stomach requested sustenance, which prompted them to stop at a deserted gas station.  Robert was the last to turn in and his car squealed to a halt at an adjacent pump. “It’s always a Circle K with you.” Derek’s sardonic voice presented itself. 
	“What?” Rob twisted the keys to kill the engine. “I’m not leading the convoy.” 
	As soon as Jacob shut his RV down, several saw him skipping down a concrete walkway leading to the door.  It would have been funny, but all the while spinning his revolver around his trigger finger made it hilarious to some.  A half minute later saw him depart from the store holding a six pack of Budweiser and a carton of Marlboros. “All clear,” he said upon retaking his seat.  Instantly, he twisted off a bottle cap and took a large swig. 
	Courtney saw his irresponsible manner and wanted to retch. “Are you crazy?  That’s got to be a year old.” 
	“So?” Jacob sent her an indifferent look after gulping down another sip of the alcoholic beverage. “No beer like aged beer.” His face showed no sign of disgust.  But that was Jacob.  He could probably digest a cow raw and keep a smile on his face at all times. “Expiration date doesn’t matter.  It tasted like beer last year, it still tastes like beer now.” 
	“I thought aged wine tastes better.” Zack implied. 
	Jacob sent him a foul look, “You won’t catch me dead drinking that crap.  Americans like their beer, the French can keep their wine.” 
	“The French didn’t make wine,” Courtney corrected him. “Wine’s been around since biblical times.” 
	Jacob rolled his eyes in disregard. “Probably because nobody wanted to drink it all this time.” 
	Zack leaned down and swiped his finger below a trio of words. “Please drink responsibly.  That mean anything to you, with half a dozen passengers?” 
	“A little buzz never affected my judgment,” Jacob waved him off. “I don’t drive drunk.” He continued to indulge himself while many of the people removed themselves from the cramped cars and resonating body heat. 
	A surplus of fruits and vegetables were stored in almost a dozen coolers divided among the trucks.  Many more took advantage of the rest stop by collecting packs of soda and water.  Sugary drinks kept their taste long past shelf life, contrary to Savannah’s expectations. 
	Breakfast went without event, as the threat of zombies appeared vanquished in this small district.  Of course, they were only on the outskirts of Payson.  Downtown was sure to be different than here.  It didn’t keep some from speculating a stay here as opposed to traveling across two states. 
	Passing more than a half hour, they agreed to get back on the move.  They had a long trip to go, and the longer they waited the more attached they grew.  Thankfully, Jacob was sure to cut himself off from more alcohol intake than three bottles.  Several of his passengers remained stonewalled on his perception of driving under the influence.  Therefore, a compromise had to be made and Justin found himself taking over in the jump seat.  A plus for the marine, now he could finish his six-pack without getting flak. 
	On the road for less than ten minutes, the assumptions of a few were correct.  The utter nothingness found in Star Valley turned into chaos entering the industrial district of Payson.  In a city like this, with little to no fortified structures, survival was a daily objective.  Bodies littered the streets, gunshots echoed for miles, and small fires raged throughout. 
	The next turn was a bit of a doozey.  Ahead at an intersection crossing lanes four by four, a massive pile-up stood in their way.  This was one of maybe three routes directly north from the valley.  In the populace’s hasty escape from a zombie breeding ground, car accidents would undoubtedly line their journey.  From the lead vehicle, Walter slowed his hummer to a stop. “Shit,” he tried to look over the mass of junk metal directly intercepting their path. 
	“What do you want to do, Staff Sergeant?” 
	Walter clicked his teeth, “No use honking at them to move, is there?” He popped open the driver door, slid off a seatbelt, and dismounted.  Aaron was out of the truck in the blink of an eye. 
	From the third vehicle in line, Jacob wasn’t surprised to see something like this.  But the last time they’d ran into a roadblock, there weren’t half as many cars.  And they had a clear route, just a few bumps over a construction zone to get around.  Behind his RV, the rest of the troop was out of the loop. 
	“What’s the holdup?” Derek called in over the walkie. 
	Aaron gave the surrounding area a look around after the pop of several high caliber rounds were expelled.  Though the distance was extreme, it was still a worrisome feeling. “Large obstruction.  More than twenty autos stopped right in front of us.” 
	“Path of least resistance?” Chad asked over the mike next. 
	“Not in the least,” replied Aaron once more. 
	Jacob removed himself from the RV next, sure to spark up another cigarette. “Well, Bobby.  There goes plan A.  Want to try for Houston next?” 
	Rather than give up now, Robert was scanning every method to surpass this obstruction.  His eyes zoned on a shopping outlet directly to their left.  While there were many more cars inside and a path was not yet visible, he felt the curiosity incite him.  His three passengers were caught off guard by the sudden jerk of his car turning hard left into the parking lot. 
	His drive turned at the nearest outlet and soon had him roaming freely, parallel to the stopped convoy. “Hold on, guys,” Derek sent over a radio. “We may have a way through.” Robert stopped his truck moments later, staring down a continuation of the gridlock that stopped Walter.  Yet it was thinner than the compounded intersection.  And all of the blocked cars were occupying only the three lanes closest.  The two in front gave each other a confident glance. “That’s affirmative,” Derek threw on his seatbelt, “Follow us through the parking lot south of your position, over.” 
	Robert stepped out of his truck, an M4 propped against his shoulder.  He and Derek quickly crossed a gap of five feet between the Silverado’s bumper and a stationary sedan’s side-panel.  Inside, they could see the slow but sure movement of an intact zombie.  Died in transit, trapped in place by his seatbelt, then the gas tank ran empty.  Rob tilted his head in the slightest before letting off one round.  A small fracture of glass, a spatter of blood on the driver’s window, and a clean entry through the side of its temple.
	Despite the zombie being killed off, Robert was still careful as he reached in to switch the sedan’s gear to neutral.  Pushing the car out of the way would be a problem, since they had barely a few inches to work with.  He swung the wheel wide to the right, as turning it left would only shove it headlong into another bumper.  The other side offered him the convenience of a curb.  As one, both he and Derek took a firm hold and started to guide it forward. 
	In response, eighteen inches of breathing room was carved where the sedan had once been.  All that obstructed them now were two cars.  While the southbound lanes had some traffic, they would be easy to evade after this trial was completed.  Rob left the stopped car parked halfway atop the curb, and rather than go to the middle car, he vaulted it to move the Volkswagen furthest away.  The last would be the momentum stopper.  Moving a sedan was easy for the Silverado, Derek had proven that to him already.  But twice the weight multiplied four times the variables. 
	After two minutes, what stood in front of them was a small gap, followed by a lane jammed bumper to bumper, and finished with nothing.  The final car holding them back was pushed into the opposite lanes of traffic.  Robert returned to his seat. “Everyone on us,” Derek called it in, having barely stepped back into his seat.  He sent Rob a look. “You think this will work?” 
	“It has to,” Robert pressed his foot to the gas while the clutch was engaged, resulting in a rev of the engine. “We’re out of options.” He stomped on the gas and pushed forward.  While he didn’t have a lot of room to get his speed up, the transfer of momentum would do enough to anything above twenty miles an hour, so long as the victim was smaller. 
	Impact with the first car did enough to push it into the next and inch that one forward but a little.  But by this time, all that was necessary was a little more force.  They needed to carve a path, not take the roadblock off the road.  Tapping the gas ever so gently to maintain a hug of the road while also sliding both obstructions out of his path, Robert accomplished his goal. 
	Just as the opening was created, a glance through the mirror showed the rest of the convoy pulling up at his rear.  While the order in their travel had been altered, none were held up. “Let’s get this show back on the road,” Jacob set his boots atop the dashboard, the last bottle in his hands. 
	A trip measuring just under seventy miles separated them from the outskirts of Phoenix.  While the trip would lack severe congestion seen on the same route northbound, the Beeline Highway drew anything but a beeline.  After all, the road dug through a mountain pass.  While it made for some good sights, the majority of eyes were focused on the road and reaching the end of it. 
	More than an hour passed before they found themselves among many a trademark of Arizona: cacti.  Jacob leaned over, his intoxication still enough to keep him from driving. “Damn.  It’s still hitting a hundred.” 
	Zack opened a curtain to reveal distant buildings over a barren, flat landscape. “It doesn’t cool down until late October.” He could feel the valley heat through his window. 
	At the head of the pack, Rob was still a little fuzzy on the details.  Phoenix wasn’t the kind of city he remembered like the back of his hand.  No beach in Mesa, no bay in Scottsdale, no reason for him to stay. “Hey Walt,” he keyed in. “You want to take the lead again?  I have no idea which way to take through the city.” 
	“Unfortunately, we have to go south.  I know the fastest way on freeways, but if it looks anything like Dallas, we’re going to have to detour on surface streets.” 
	“Of course we’re going to have to detour,” Jacob butted in. “We’re driving headlong into the largest city in Arizona.” He reached for his GPS inside the glove compartment.  As much as he tried to discern a clear cut method through the sprawling metropolis, his mental capacity under the alcohol proved too great and only made him nauseous.  That’s why he preferred to drive. 
	Walter overtook Robert on the highway a half mile short of the next interchange. “We’ll take Red Mountain as far as possible.” The convoy slowed enough to make a sharp right turn onto the freeway.  Up a short incline, they were quick to discover dozens of stopped, overturned, and mangled automobiles strewn ahead of them.  The velocity gained driving up the onramp disappeared and was replaced by slow, dodgy moves around every crashed car.  Where once they’d been writing off a mile every minute, it now took up to three to pass the first exit. 
	“Welcome to the snail trail,” Zack said, his interest sparked by the opposite lane of traffic. “Suppose this is as good a point of no return as any.” Gridlock for miles, as the few paths out of the city were converged upon by every angle.  The people of the city wanted to leave the city.  God forbid, they all left at the same time.  That was how rush hour turned against them.
	A quarter mile before Walt had led them aboard Loop 101, he had put them in another standstill.  Congestion was the word of the day, no matter how many times they tried to deny it. “That’s as far as we’re going on this highway,” he leaned out the window to see behind.  The Dobson exit wasn’t long behind, and it wasn’t as compiled as other onramps.  He spun the wheel about, and soon found himself driving opposite the crowd. “We’re getting off at that last exit,” he said from a gap of three feet, directly to Rob in the next vehicle back.  No reason to waste battery power on a simple message.  The rest would convey it easily enough.  What was so hard about ‘follow the leader?’ 
	Down the ramp and onto the solid surface of ground, Derek let a sharp exhale pass. “Four million people used to live in this city.  It’d be a miracle if even a thousand were alive now.” 
	Robert slid his jaw uncomfortably.  All those people, both good and bad, forcibly removed by a threat they ill understood or could effectively combat. “Those thousand probably died of heat stroke by now.” 
	Down a curving road, they soon drove through an intersection corrupted by few cars and fewer corpses.  It would be the only four-way they’d get through before another hindrance would detour them. “Stagger formation,” Walter keyed up. “The last thing we need to do is get blocked bumper to bumper like these bastards.” In response, the space between each auto jumped from ten feet to more than twenty five.  Before even reaching the next light, Walt pressed the brakes.  Ahead of them, the following streetlight was jammed as full as Loop 101.  Along both sides, cars, trucks, and vans were in gridlock, having failed to cut through adjacent parking lots on either end. 
	Staff Sergeant Logan spun his head around, knowing that a stop in their drive only meant a roadblock.  Nobody stopped to take a look at the walls of residential blocks or shopping outlets.  A chain-link fence stood on either side of his truck, it’s purpose to block off unwanted drivers from the service roads alongside a channel of murky water. “Bowman.” 
	“Yes, Staff Sergeant,” the driver answered. 
	“Any idea where that road leads?” 
	Tyler scoffed. “Your guess is as good as mine.  All I remember about the canal system in this city is that it’s notorious for dumping bodies.” 
	“This is Logan,” he called it in, “we may have a way around.” Moments later, he gave the PFC a look. “Punch it.” 
	“Copy that,” Bowman said with a smile.  Not even having to reverse and correct his turn, the driver swung the vehicle right and stomped the gas pedal.  A simple fence did little to hold back a two ton mass on a precise bearing. 
	Mike continued over the radio. “Affirmative,” his eyes caught a glimpse of the road ahead, clear of any cars. “We’re cutting through the road by the canal.” By the time they reached the far end, the rest of the convoy had only set tires atop the broken fence.  The Staff Sergeant ordered his driver to park along the curb right after breaking down the second layer of fence.  Once the shortcut was done and they were back on the roads, neither had any sense of navigation. 
	Walter retook the lead and drove them past another block as an underpass loomed at a quickly closing distance. “Well,” he sighed, “there’s the 101.” Retaking the highway wouldn’t be a feasible option.  They were fortunate to have a small path carved through masses of cars in the jammed twin onramps.  Besides that, looking out from the side of the bridge they crossed showed a sea of glimmering colors and not a trace of blacktop. 
	In the next two blocks, Walter felt compelled to turn south once again.  They had to get through the city somehow and driving directly west would only take them so far toward San Diego.  On their current course, however, they were likely to see crowds of undead amass passing the campus of Arizona State University or not much further Sky Harbor Airport.  As it was, most were amazed not to see that many zombies in this city. 
	Less than a block after changing their heading, it would have to be made once again.  The telltale slow to a stop brought Zack to grumble. “We should have just caught a flight,” he said sarcastically, intent to keep a mood of optimism. 
	“I don’t think you could pay for the ticket,” Brooke returned in equal cynicism. 
	Savannah perked up, “That’s only because Chris never gave anyone a raise.” 
	“And the whole stoner thing,” Jacob slid from under his breath. 
	Back in the second slot, Derek clicked his tongue. “I think I’m gonna have to walk back and bum a smoke off of Jake.” 
	“Why?” Rob leaned his seat back a few inches. “All this traffic remind you of your glory days?” He shot a look out through the passenger window. “How’s that road look to you?” 
	“Nothing in the way.  And I’m not seeing a no outlet warning.” Derek leaned toward the dash, “should I call it in?” Rob nodded his head before making the sharp turn onto a residential street. “All units, we’re gonna cut through 12th.” 
	“Copy that,” Walt sent back.  He was in the process of a three point turn.  It seemed obvious from their perspective that the RV would rather have at least one mounted gun in front of them.  A short run later found the Silverado leading the pack down a south-facing outlet.  Without even considering the stop at a red octagon, Robert pulled onto Apache Boulevard. 
	Though the road was only partly cramped, the center was fully taken up by the tracks of a public transportation system.  Where cities like Manhattan and Boston had the subway, Phoenix answered with light-rail.  If all else failed, they could potentially squeeze between the two sets of tracks.  But then again, they were back on a vector straight west.  They would end up correcting for it a block later. 
	This would end up being the longest straightaway they had seen thus far, going almost two miles and passing by the 60, also petrified in rush hour.  Between the 101 and I-10, Walt was confident they could continue heading south and not trail too far from the negotiated route.  However, negotiations never went well.  And hitting a road named Baseline, they were impeded this time not by mass amounts of vehicles, but a line of three police vehicles preceded by two belts of spike-strips. “What were they trying to hold back here?” Scott asked. 
	Walter grimaced upon taking closer examination.  Dismembered pieces of human bodies littered the surroundings, added by a thicker concentration of darkness staining the asphalt. “Zombies.” Little other choice remained but to turn right.  They’d all but lost count of how many corrections needed to be made. “Here I was, thinking how much I used to miss this city.” 
	Myers chuckled. “What’s there to miss about 110 degrees and sand?” 
	“The people I used to know,” Walt dipped harder on the gas, seeing no relevant blockade for quite some distance. “They’re long gone now.” The rule of two miles came into effect yet again.  A distant blur of color, distorted by distance and heat waves, reared its ugly head on them sooner than anyone anticipated.  Though a thin route had been forged wide enough to allow even the RV to squeeze a quarter mile, it came to a sudden and abrupt end. 
	Derek smirked upon seeing a distant memory of his earlier years in California. “I miss eating there,” his finger pointed ahead to seafood restaurant. 
	Robert’s quick scan through both rear view mirrors showed movement unrelated to the convoy. “Well, we’re about to get eaten here, if that makes you feel any better.” He swung open the door, fully aware that backing out of this mess they squeezed into would be much harder and even longer done than said.  Both riflemen and Derek were quick to follow.
	Another fifteen feet back, Jacob was the only one to remove himself from the RV, an AR-15 in hand.  His buzz dropped to sobriety in the instant that he saw Rob’s squad dismounting.  Barely out the door, he dropped two foes at a distance less than ten feet away. “Got any ideas, Bobby?” 
	“No!” Rob was frustrated to say it, but the truth would set him free of further inquiry.  He had at least thirty problems coming in directly west, fifty south, and a couple dozen stragglers blockading the way in from behind the convoy.  Several restaurants and hotels had found quite a bit of undead company, the same staring them down right now. 
	Pops of automatic fire released from one end of a hundred foot gap to the other.  But as quickly as the first wave of more than twenty-five were put on the ground, double that number multiplied in the instant.  This wasn’t like the outpost’s encounter with the zombies…it was going to be a hell of a lot worse. 
	Though their fire was concentrated, coordinated, and conservative, emptying the first clip from his weapon, Walter’s optimism was all but drained.  A sea of yellow eyes, hindered only by layers of cars.  While the heat and altitude benefited their ability to fire more accurately, the flat terrain carried gunshot rings for miles.  Fifteen minutes from now, their opposition could number in the thousands.  As it was, they only had reserve ammunition to handle five hundred zombie heads.  Lining up the shot to impact two heads was possible as heavily as they numbered, but physics begged to disagree.
	Not long after the initial shooting began, the deafening roar of five mounted guns added to the frenzy.  Dismemberment was viewed by dozens of eyes, but the louder shots would soon draw the zombies in from further away. “What do we do, Walt?” Scott hurriedly dug in the humvee for a fresh magazine.
	Walt didn’t have an answer.  While their vehicles would hold off a group of six or seven with ease, a thousand would soon enough buckle under pressure.  These windows weren’t bulletproof, so how could they be zombie-proof?  He momentarily considered a distant mountain, but that was still through a crowd of a hundred undead and potentially more hidden by distance. “I don’t know,” he said under his breath, inaudible to the rest of his team. 
	“Staff Sergeant?” 
	“I don’t know!” Walt screamed. 
	Before any expected or hoped, they found themselves drawing the last magazines available for their weapons.  From here on, it was going to be twenty-two long rifles packed up in Jacob’s RV.  Robert lowered his firearm.  He didn’t expect the end to come so swiftly.  They had evaded one mass of undead monsters to outlive near a hundred mercenaries, just so they could be taken by the heat and a fraction of Tempe’s populace.  His eyes met those of Derek, the latter concerned to see such a bleak look on his leader’s face. “I’m sorry,” Robert mouthed the words under the rage of gunfire. 
	Lexie dropped from her mount on the chain-gun as soon as it registered empty. “The MG is out!” she reported to Chad moments before raising her own weapon to compensate.  Chad sprinted for the RV when his rifle clicked empty.  If this was their last stand, he wasn’t going to go down without a fight.  An M9 Beretta on his hip had one extra clip as soon as the first fifteen rounds were expelled.  He preferred a rifle to a pistol, as a handgun was specific for close quarters.  Time granted him about thirty seconds before it’d be required. 
	As quickly as the Staff Sergeant retrieved a 22 for him and an extra for the next in his squad, a distant roar caught the collective’s attention.  Robert spun his head, looking for the source.  It was a vehicle engine, yet all of theirs were stuck idling.  Derek and Kyle swung their eyes north in time to see a godsend.  A red truck, retrofitted with monster truck tires and an angled bumper prop similar to those the outpost had used in the past, dug its way into the intersection at a velocity enough to send two sedans rolling out of the way. 
	Nobody wasted a second to thank the driver.  Walt jumped behind the wheel of his humvee and instantly started down the path.  As the convoy corrected to fit into the recently opened lane of traffic, Robert had his view fixated on the new truck.  It pushed west toward the overpass, driving atop the compiled cars with little to no effort. “I should have invested in one of those,” he murmured before following the first humvee. 
	Down a short road, Scott was the first to see a trail of smoke rising from a nearby structure. “There,” he pointed to the roof.  Walt easily turned into the parking lot of a massive mall.  Right below the smoke signal, an opening in two layers of chain-link fence was accompanied by a single person flailing his arms. 
	“Thank God,” Walt pounded the gas pedal, “I thought we were on our own.” In a half minute, the seven vehicles pulled into the fenced section.  Not far off from their point of entry, the loading dock and two vacant semi-trailers sat. 
	Robert stepped out of his truck in time to see their savior vehicle returning to its base.  Behind it, the mass of zombies were slow to follow.  Just before reaching the gate, the driver slowed his velocity enough.  As soon as it pulled in, a man at the gate quickly rolled the fencing closed and looped several rolls of chain to lock their point of access. 
	As soon as he fit a padlock onto both ends of the chain, he reached for a device on the ground.  In his hand, a remote control switched a lighted LED from red to green.  A minute buzz could be heard before the closest zombie reached an arm for the fencing.  Contact shed it of life as the metal sent thousands of volts of electric current through its body and left a completely deceased corpse to smoke on the ground. 

Day 423 Part II 
Long Black Road

	The driver and passenger onboard the truck had no fear dropping almost six feet from the doors.  They were midway into a conversation. “We try and try to warn them to stay out of Phoenix, but for some reason they keep coming.” 
	“Maybe we can teach these ones proper,” the female riding shotgun said a split second after hitting the ground.  Her hair was shoulder length, a blonde that could have been mistaken for silver, amber eyes, and an athletic build. “They’ve got military tech, so perhaps their skulls aren’t so thick.” 
	He scoffed. “I’m gonna forget you just said that, save myself the trouble of reminding you later.” Rather than walk around the massive truck tires, he simple dipped his head to walk under the vehicle.  He bore a taller and more muscular physique, cropped sandy hair, and light blue eyes.  At a distance, the multitudes of zombies had made contact with the electrified fence.  You wouldn’t hear more sizzling at a bar and grill.  Both walked, their arms slung over each other’s shoulder.  As a crowd nearing forty were revealed to them, the man let out a sharp exhale. “I’m used to seeing five or six in dire straights, but this is ridiculous.” 
	Robert smirked, “Thanks for saving our asses.” 
	“Welcome, to the undead Valley of the Sun.” He removed his arm from her shoulder and thrust it toward him. “I’m Troy, and this is Cassie.” 
	Robert shook both hands. “Bobby,” he gave a glance back, “Who’s he?” Regarding the bulky ‘gatekeeper’ with a bald head and ray-bans over his eyes. 
	“That’s Gustavo.  Ran across him six months ago, he got attached at the hip.  Lucky us.” 
	“How many of you are there?” Walt inquired. 
	Cassie averted her eyes, “It’s just the three of us now.” 
	“And this is where you set up shop?” 
	“As soon as we took the stairs out of the escalators,” Troy nodded. “The first floor used to be crowded, but they lost interest in us eventually.  Soon as it was clear, we threw this barrier around all the doors.  Now it’s home, sweet home.” 
	“Give or take a few luxuries, it’s not the Mills you remember.” 
	“Arizona Mills?” Derek asked.  He gave the building a look, “no shit,” surprise in his voice. 
	“So, to what do we owe the pleasure of saving your lives?” Gus asked. 
	“Please,” Cassie chuckled, “I didn’t see you doing anything but opening and closing the gate.” 
	“I still had the most important job,” he lifted the fence’s remote for them all to see. 
	Rob cleared his throat. “We had no intention of getting stuck like we did.” 
	“Nobody does,” Troy pointed out. “Live and learn, or turn into them.” 
	In a matter of minutes, the whole party had entered via the freight dock.  Stacks of boxes reached the ceiling, a completely different outlook seen inside the mall than the public usually got the chance to. “We’re on our way to San Diego,” Rob spoke up as they reached the first floor living quarters for the three.  Coincidentally, it was a furniture store.  All the makings for a home.  For some odd reason, some of the fluorescent bulbs still brought light. 
	“From here?” Cassie sighed. “That’s a long ways to go.  What were you hoping to find besides the same gridlock?” 
	“We’re not from here,” Derek followed.  He sent them all a hand to shake. “I’m Derek.  We’re from up north.” 
	“I would have stayed there, personally.” Troy said. 
	“Yeah, you would have,” Gus mumbled as he drew a cigarette. “No way in hell you could have stayed in Prescott.  Believe me, I tried.” 
	“We weren’t allowed to stay,” Robert sighed. “Some bad people ran across our camp.  A lot more than we could handle.” 
	“Killed five of my soldiers,” Walt growled. 
	“And two of mine,” Lexie added. 
	“What’s in California that isn’t here already, besides radiation?” Cassie asked. 
	“Believe me, California isn’t the only one dealing with radiation.” Walt informed. “We were going to head out to sea, try and start over on an offshore drill platform.” 
	Troy nodded. “Not a bad idea.  I would have done the same if we had enough gas.” 
	“What if you had enough people?” 
	“I’d have to think about it,” he walked over to a sixty inch flat screen and pressed the power button. “This place is my home, after all.” 
	“How do you guys still have power?” asked the female Staff Sergeant. 
	“Two words,” Gus smirked, “Solar…Panels.” 
	“You guys know how to set those up?” Rob was perplexed. 
	“I knew how to fly helicopters when I was at Embry Riddle,” Gus informed. “What’s a few wires to me?  Of course, Nate did a lot of the electric work back in the day.  Wouldn’t mind if he were still with us.” 
	A few members of the outpost had seen a potential new home as it was.  Zack patted Rob on the shoulder. “What if we ended up living here?” 
	Troy heard the exchange. “I don’t think that would be possible.  We’re lucky to find enough resources for the three of us.  Water became the biggest problem for us once the plumbing shut off.  Nowadays, we need to go five miles just to raid a store for a thirty pack of Aquafina.” 
	Robert shook his head. “I can’t rely on a grounded structure in the middle of Phoenix,” he said to Zack. “Any building, regardless of its defenses, can be penetrated.  All it takes is enough zombies to break down the walls.” 
	Troy switched the television off.  Reruns and repetitive movies were too boring to watch yet again.  He sighed deeply, “Why do you want us to come with you?  The three of us have made it fine the last couple months with no outsider support.” 
	Rob folded arms across his chest. “You may live a good life now, but you need to realize this: your base is right in the middle of a city.  For all we know, there are millions of those things right outside your door.” 
	“They’ve never been able to penetrate our walls since the fencing went up.” 
	Jacob scoffed, “Don’t put faith in technology in a time like this.  Every machine breaks down with time.  Do you think the three of you will be able to fend off that many when it happens?” 
	The marine’s words were thought-provoking, of an ideal of something very likely to happen. “We could always retreat to the second floor,” Troy remained defiant. 
	“And what happens when your supplies runs out?” Insisted Rob. 
	Cassie called on both comrades, the three silently bickering further inside the store.  Nobody watching was faithful, as the consultation evolved into a loud argument.  Jacob lit a cigarette, disregard for smoking indoors. “We’re wasting daylight.” 
	“We owe them our lives,” Robert’s conflict, “the least we can do is return the favor.” 
	Troy finally spun about. “Tell me, Rob.  Are you speaking from the heart or do you just see a big red truck that can clear the road better than your humvees?” 
	“You led us out of a shit storm.  I’d like to lead you out of this one before it’s too late.” 
	“Disregard the zombies,” Walt cut in. “Think about what’s happened already.  Four population centers on the east coast had Soviet warheads dropped on them in the last year.  You’re smack dab in the middle of Arizona’s capital city.  Hypothetically millions of zombies in the entire metro area.  That makes you a target.  These walls might be able to hold off legions of undead, but they’ll rip like paper against nuclear fission.” 
	“The choice is yours,” Jacob started for the storage room. “But if you know any way southbound out of this city that isn’t blocked off, feel free to share it with us.” 
	Gus smirked. “To be honest, I’m sick of the desert heat.  My only concern is fallout from LA.” 
	“San Diego is almost a hundred miles south of ground zero,” Chad was next to report. “The winds pushed north, so we’ve got that to our benefit.” 
	“Don’t worry,” Derek shrugged, “we did our research before making this trip.” 
	“It doesn’t seem like we have much to lose.” Cassie thought aloud. 
	“An endless water supply from the ocean,” Troy nodded, “not to mention a cooler climate…count us in.” 
	Back at the fenced parking lot, Jacob was a lone audience to a riot measuring 1,200 zombies.  All were blind to the electric fence marring the leaders.  A wide grin over his face, “Keep walking, you dumb bastards.” The end of the mob still reached the distant curbs signifying the mall’s parking lot, so it would be a stretch of time before they’d be free to leave. “I’ve never had this much fun, even in Afghanistan.” He’d found a new favorite past time; watching hordes of zombies burn to death.  The door opened again, making him shift his view.  He spotted Walt at the head of the pack. “What’s their decision?” 
	“They’re in.” 
	“What’s their armament?” 
	“All they’ve been able to scavenge are pistols and shotguns from police cars.” 
	“Terrific,” Jacob stomped out his cigarette. “We’re going straight into the birth state of zombies armed with peashooters and buckshot.” 
	“Look at the bright side.  Soon as the bomb dropped, everyone started driving east.  Once we get out of here, westbound should have a clear drive to the beach.” 
	Another ten minutes passed before the last of the living dead laid hands upon the electric barrier.  As easy as it was to kill them, moving that many bodies would take at least another half hour.  A clock already ticking past eleven in the morning made Rob that much more inclined to depart.  Night was the worst time to be in uncharted ground, as visibility reduced, fatigue set in, and unlike the survivors, zombies didn’t need to sleep.  He poked Jake in the side, “You’re right.  We are killing time.” 
	The marine nodded before giving Gus a glance. “Shut down the fence.” As the majority of undead were piled up in a twenty foot berth, the edges near walls remained somewhat devoid of the mass of bodies.  Opening the access port and clearing it would take too long. 
	“What do you have in mind?” Robert asked, also aware of the mass of charred flesh proving a difficult obstacle to pass. 
	“They’ve got a monster truck and a chain-link fence isn’t going to hold that off.  Besides, it’s not like they’re putting this place on the real estate market.” His idea found merit, and in less than five minutes, the convoy now numbering eight had been stocked full of its members.  Taking the lead this time, Troy punched the gas pedal to guide them out.  Impacting the modified fender, a gaping hole was left wide enough for all to slip through. 
	Instead of heading south, Troy put them on a course to the north.  Prior to departure, several unopened kits of radios were distributed and placed on the same channel.  From the passenger seat, Cassie lifted the radio. “We’re going to avoid the interchange, cut west on Southern, and double back onto 48th street.  If we run into any roadblocks…well, Troy should be able to handle them.” 
	The directions she gave sounded like a different language to those foreign of the valley.  Those in doubt didn’t need to worry, however, since Troy’s vehicle was impossible to lose track of.  With ease, they drove under an overpass bearing no onramp, thus putting less emphasis on traffic.  At the subsequent corner, another left was made.  A fair distance away, the hilltop started to loom closer.  Another plus, they were going south yet again.  And this road was more barren than the desert surrounding it. 
	In a short drive, they had crossed over two canals, witnessed the road begin to curve at random to circle around the hill, and read an odometer exceeding five miles; the first time they’d gone so far on one road inside Phoenix.  This was the first time, in fact, they’d have to change direction before any traffic would force it.  A left onto the next street gave them a clear view of a fast-approaching onramp.  Unlike any before seen, this one was devoid of vehicles.  And that was nothing when they compared it to the interstate southbound. 
	“It seems Mexico wasn’t on anybody’s mind,” Gus finished loading a 12 round magazine of .45s. 
	“Of course not,” Troy scoffed. “They only go down to Mexico for beer and cheap medicine.” In less than three minutes, he clicked his turn signal right.  Walter wasn’t the only one who knew how to get to San Diego. 
	From the highway 347 to the next turnoff in Maricopa, all the passengers were privy to see the wasteland of desert.  Luke chuckled. “This is what I was expecting out of Arizona.” 
	“There’s more to it than cacti and sand,” Lexie replied. “A lot more than we’ll get to see.” 
	Chad shrugged from his seat behind the wheel. “You never know.  There’s nothing to say we won’t be back.” 
	“Five hundred miles and two hundred guns back at the outpost would beg to disagree.” Daniel stated, tapering off the conversation there. 
	More than a hundred miles passed in relative silence.  While everyone enjoyed the company, there was little to talk about.  Entering the city of Yuma, every member in Walt’s humvee were in a heated debate regarding sports. “Everyone knows that football is America’s sport,” Scott said. 
	Walt scoffed. “You so sure about that?” 
	“I thought it was baseball,” Miguel said, his seat in the back squeezed between Farad and Mitch. 
	“Who’d you think was going to make it to the super bowl?” Mitch asked. 
	Walt sighed. “Well, ever since 2009 I was hoping the Cardinals would make a comeback and win.” 
	“Cardiac Cards?” Farad chuckled. “In that division, my money was always on the Seahawks.  Without Warner, Arizona never got far.” 
	Scott shook his head. “They still had Fitz and Wells.”
	Mitch sighed, “Still, no QB had the speed of Vick.” 
	“Not many had a record like him, either.” Walt said with a chuckle 
	“I know, his rating was off the charts--” 
	“I was talking about his criminal record, Mitch.” 
	The next few minutes saw them crossing a bridge over the Colorado River and confirming their entrance into California. “Welcome to the land of opportunity,” Jacob started smoking again, “and legal weed.” 
	“Zack ought to fit in perfect,” Justin joked from the passenger seat, though his voice was lowered. 
	The boy shook his head. “Wow, didn’t see that one coming,” recognizing to both that he’d heard the remark.
	The next hour was filled with the same, barren landscape seen crossing through Arizona.  This was definitely the southwest.  Thankfully, a seemingly endless desert soon became grassy fields and farming plains.  No excitement bore the same horrific mindset seen in Phoenix.  Passing a matching namesake to their hometown through the area of El Centro was a bit of a highlight.  Though as long as they were surrounded by lush, green valleys and some trace amounts of an extinct civilization, they just as quickly reentered the sandy desert. 
	In enough time, the white sands tapered off and signs of forestation became present.  The terrain kicked up as well, to at least give them a sign of progress.  Progress that was already noticed by Jacob. “Hey, Bobby,” he called over the radio. 
	Hours after the last transmission, Rob was caught off guard by the sudden ring of feedback. “What’s up?” he glanced down at his gas tank which read less than an eight of a tank. 
	“The RV’s getting low on fuel, recommend we make a pit-stop soon.” 
	“Copy that,” Rob answered, “I’m running low, too.” 
	Walter was the next to speak. “A couple exits up, there’s a town called Pine Valley.  That puts us about thirty miles outside of San Diego.” 
	“Well,” Jacob copied, “we’ve got our staging area.” 
	The convoy of eight, led by Walt’s humvee, turned off exit 47 and soon slowed to a stop at a four-way junction.  It was abandoned, like most other routes in the Southern California area.  As the town of Pine Valley didn’t have a large population, they wouldn’t be surprised to find the whole place devoid of undead and living.  A right, followed up by a quick left put them on a direct heading. 
	Though the only fuel station they could find was a small mom and pop shop and only carried four pumps, other cars had all the space in the world on the roadside.  Everyone was happy to stretch their legs and breath in the climate, cooler than Phoenix but warmer than the mountain.  Rob sent his radio clock a look, the time now clicking past four in the afternoon. 
	Walter’s fire team was already at the door by the time Rob had pulled to a stop.  Using methodical techniques most learned in basic, a flash bang through the door and a quick sweep of the building resulted in not a single shot being fired.  The team took whatever liberties they could find inside, not limited to caffeinated drinks, cigarettes, and chew tobacco.  The one thing they didn’t allow themselves to abuse was alcohol stocks.  As the job wasn’t finished and they still had yet to enter San Diego, nobody was going to celebrate preemptively.  After the cars were filled up, the convoy retreated a little ways to a wide open parking lot.  All cars were parked in a circle, as to give a potential undead presence less maneuverability. 
	The Staff Sergeant cleared his throat. “Everyone on me.” The murmuring and side-talk stopped in an instant.  From inside the glove compartment of his truck, Walter retrieved a map of the Southern California area.  He spread it open and laid it atop the hood. “Considering we’re low on ammunition and our food supply is limited, our target is the US Naval Station here.” he pressed his index finger in the lower half of San Diego Bay. “If we’re lucky, our Navy friends will have left at least one ship behind.” 
	“If we’re not lucky?” Chad asked. 
	Walt grunted. “If that’s the case, we’ll have to make use of civilian transport.  There are docks north of the station if that should happen.” 
	“What kind of resistance should we expect?” Luke had his arms folded and back leaned against the RV. 
	“Unknown,” Walt admitted. “None of us have been in San Diego since before this plague struck.” 
	Derek cleared his throat. “My daughter mentioned a lot of people were trying to leave the city.  But that was more than a year ago.” He solemnly looked to the floor.  This was the first time he’d even thought about Sandra in months.  Of all the places they were going, the same place where she was living.  It made him debate whether she was still alive.  Robert noticed that Derek simply speaking of his daughter affected his mood.  Rob patted him on the shoulder.
	“As I said before,” Walter continued his debrief, “that’s unknown.  We don’t have the supply to fend off another thousand zombies, so don’t waste bullets on targets that aren’t in the way.  All things considered, we may still have the good fortune of a clear road going into the city.  Once we’ve entered the Naval Station pending results, Alpha and Delta units will board the target vessel and clear it room-by-room, floor-by-floor.  We don’t know how many zombies may have gotten aboard.  Bravo team will hold back with the noncombatants and provide security detail until the ship is cleared.  Once we’re good to go, all units will assist in the loading of equipment and supplies.  Any questions?” 
	Rob took a step forward. “I know a lot of you are only worried about the zombies, and that’s the worst mistake.  In anarchy, every living person is a variable.  You make it sound easy, Walter, but I guarantee it’ll be a lot harder said than done.” 
	“I appreciate your input, Sergeant--” 
	“I’m not a Sergeant anymore, Walt--” 
	“Knock that shit off,” Walt lifted a finger. “You say you’re not a soldier, yet you fight to defend others.  You’re as much a Sergeant as the day you retired.” He looked inside his truck to see the time. “It’s a quarter past four, we leave in fifteen.  Check your weapons.  And forget about making pit-stops at pot dispensaries.” Several affirmative gestures were given by various in uniform before the collective disbanded. 
	Robert took a seat in his chair and found his hands shaking.  From the adjacent seat, Derek also noticed. “You scared?” 
	“Hell, yeah.” 
	Derek nodded his head. “Me, too.”

Day 423 Part III 
Ghost Town

	Fifteen minutes shot by much faster than anyone expected.  But the theory or relativity could be blamed for that, just as much as the fact that they’d spent more than eight hours on the road.  Boarding the interstate again, they were glad to have a clear route for the next several miles.  Each mile put behind them felt like an eternity.  The last leg was always the longest. 
	Less than an hour ticked by before the outskirts of outlying districts replaced the thin foliage encircling the highway.  On a distant horizon, the glimmer of buildings sparkled in their retinas.  Another glance to the opposite lane of traffic showed the same rush hour as Phoenix.  This highway had little but a single military checkpoint.  Walt felt compelled to stop when the checkpoint loomed closer.  As he put the car in park, he shot Myers a look. “Stay put.  I’m gonna check it out.” 
	Out of the vehicle he left idling, the Staff Sergeant had his sidearm drawn and aimed down iron sights.  His footing was slow and sure, taking up a whole minute before he circled around the two trucks.  At his feet, four decomposed bodies wearing matching uniforms laid before him, all riddled with holes in the chest, limbs, and head.  They’d been in this state for so long, even the maggots got their filling. “Damn,” he sighed.  All of the nametags were foreign to his experience, but it didn’t change anything.  They were the same branch, but unfortunate enough to be caught at the end of automatic rifles…a lot more than they could handle. 
	As the two trucks were sufficient to block off all blacktop and even some of the sideline turf, Walt had no other option but to push the furthest left as far forward as possible.  He pulled it off with no effort, once the vehicle was flipped into neutral.  But something else caught his attention while inside to steer the vehicle away.  Two thirty pound boxes of ammunition in the back seat.  Those were just what he could see.  Once the roadblock was clear, he signaled Scott to pull forward. 
	While the convoy rolled through the opening, Walt scavenged what he could and set more than five boxes loaded with ammo onto the asphalt.  Three other fatigues jumped out and gladly administered two per truck. “These guys were loaded up for a fight,” Chad opinionated. 
	“Too bad they didn’t win,” Mike recalled, his eyes fixed on the four bodies. 
	“Their loss is our gain,” Walt pulled the last box from the second dead transport, counting a total of ten. “Now we’re more prepared for a fight.” He quickly stepped back into the lead truck, as the rest loaded back into theirs.  The time spent driving on the highway could be taken up by passengers filling empty magazines with fresh bullets. 
	While they found no delay on the highway driving through the provinces of El Cajon, La Mesa, and Lemon Grove respectively, something else was due to bring them more than a stop, but shock and awe as well.  Where once had been a four-way interchange, little remained now but shattered concrete and broken ramps.  An entire section of the highway had been destroyed to slow a panicked evacuation. “What the hell happened?” Farad asked. “Did we do this?” 
	“You’re asking if the military blew up an interchange in San Diego?  The Air Force didn’t hesitate to throw a warhead out the back of a plane.  Of course we did this.  The question should be: what did we accomplish doing this?” A layer of debris filled with overturned and mangled automobiles blocked their path beyond any recognizable visual.  Under the pressure of overhead ramps falling, the bridge ahead of them crumbled to the connecting roadway below. 
	“Take a mental picture,” Jacob said remorsefully over the line. “You don’t get to see aftermath like this in the states often.” 
	“Doesn’t solve our problem,” Derek keyed up. “How do we get past this?” 
	“Same as Phoenix,” Chad answered, “we go to ground level.” The convoy reversed direction and soon enough found another opportunity.  A one-way onramp curving out of a residential area made up for the lack of one at the previous overpass.  Where they had been going west to make up for the impassible obstruction, the bumpers faced north at the three-way intersection and onramp.  Just as quickly, they were traveling parallel to the road that had led them so far and moments later passing above the same road on 47th street. 
	Walter was about to lead them down the first major street they crossed in Hilltop Drive, but Mitch spoke up. “Hold on!” The entire pursuing detail had to slam on the brakes to avoid a collision. 
	“What?” Walter sounded irate. 
	“This road bridges over the connecting highway to that loop.  What’s to say they didn’t bomb it too?” 
	A growl, “All units, hold position.  We’re going to take a look at this route.” Three different acknowledgements came in from random drivers or passengers. 
	Gus lifted his feet onto the console upon seeing the lead vehicle drive forward without company. “This place sure has changed since I last saw it.” 
	“Yeah,” Cassie scoffed. “Last time you were here, everybody was still alive and the roads were negotiable.” 
	“Anything’s negotiable in my baby,” Troy said, petting the wheel. 
	“I thought I was your baby,” Cassie remarked. 
	“You are,” 
	“So,” Gus shrugged, “what does that make me.” 
	“A nuisance,” Cassie replied. 
	At the same time, Troy was quick to say. “A pain in the ass.” 
	Gus nodded. “I can feel the love.” 
	In a few seconds, the party was privy to Walter’s next communication. “This route’s no good.  Crawford, come in.” 
	Chad jumped for the radio when his name was called. “Go ahead, Sarge.” 
	“We weren’t able to get a good look at the next overpass.  Check it out and relay back to us, over.” 
	“Copy that,” Chad swung loose of the convoy and easily sped around a dozen or so stopped car in the road.  The RV would have a tough time getting past them, and Troy’s monster would probably end up running over every one.  Little less than a minute later, he was staring down yet another blasted roadway. “This bridge is out, too,” he said, giving Lexie a nervous look as he spoke. 
	The only way through didn’t cross them for another half mile and a pointless debate on attempting to cross by railroad.  Not until Imperial did they find access to pass the interstate.  And while going over, most if not all were amazed beyond belief to see the extent of damage.  Some cars were moving at sufficient speeds to crush other vehicles into half the size they used to be.  Not even rush hour could compare, as bumper to bumper was now hood-scoop to back seat.  On a highway going seventy, a sudden stop force by an immoveable object made for the most gruesome of results. 
	By the time they were in spitting distance of the next highway, the salty air was penetrating windows. “We’re not far from the bay,” Jacob smirked. “Not far from my most and least favorite thing in San Diego.” 
	“What’s that?” 
	“MCRD,” Jacob replied in acronym. 
	Zack took a moment of silence before reiterating the last question. “What’s that?” 
	“Marine Corps Recruit Depot.  It’s where I got my eagle, globe, and anchor.” 
	“You lost me,” the kid waved him off. 
	“Illiterate stoners,” Jake shook his head. “Call it Marine Corps Basic for anyone west of the Mississippi.” 
	“What’s east of the Mississippi, then?” Savannah asked. 
	“Those ones go to Parris Island.  I’m a Hollywood Marine, the ones over there are Swamp Dogs.” 
	Justin laughed. “Hollywood?” 
	“Yeah, I know, Hollywood’s way north of here.  Anyone outside of California just thinks California equals Hollywood.  History becomes common knowledge, and Devil Dogs set the standard.” 
	“According to them?” Justin asked sardonically, to which Jacob let out a dry laugh. 
	Walter thought better than to board the freeway again, and instead led them southbound on a road a block away.  They continued down it until a sign warning of a no-outlet deterred them further, to which they corrected west again.  By this time, the sun was a bother most were sick of having to deal with.  The trouble driving to the beach in the afternoon. 
	Now, strangely enough, they found themselves going under the interstate that proved harder to drive over only a few blocks ago. “God, they fucked up this city.” Miguel said aloud. 
	“No,” Scott waved a finger, “they fucked up Los Angeles.  San Diego’s mostly intact.” A short stretch and their eyes were relieved of direct sunlight.  South on 32nd street, a narrow roadway made thinner by innumerable vehicles parallel parked didn’t bode a promising feel for many. 
	Walt sighed. “Don’t worry, we’re almost there.” The next bridge they crossed over proved him right, since the passengers saw them surpassing water instead of more roads jammed with cars. 
	“I’m glad this is almost over,” Robert leaned back in his chair.  He’d been tense from the moment they entered the city’s surface streets and residential areas.  Now that they were growing closer to their destination, he felt a tingle of relaxation run down his spine. 
	Derek shook his head, his arms clutching the UMP tightly. “It’s not over until we’re in the water.” Shortly after an angled intersection, the group had to slip through a military checkpoint.  That happened to be very easy, as no power remained to block access if the rising wooden barrier was broken down.  Quickly past a roundabout, the horizon now shimmered in deep blue.  They had reached the Pacific Ocean. 
	While dozens were in a daze, some seeing the endless beauty for the first time in their lives, Walter, Jacob, and Derek still had their minds on the mission.  Most of the Navy dock was deserted, save two ships.  One, an aircraft carrier still docked had saved nothing on the deck.  Since nobody knew how to fly, let alone how to drive one of the largest craft in the United States Navy, that wasn’t their target. 
	Eyes scanned the other way to set sight on the only other craft. “What do you say about the one on the right?” Walt asked over the radio. 
	Jacob clicked his teeth in consideration for a moment. “I trust we’ll be better off with a cruiser than a carrier.  Better equipped, too.” The marine did have a little background on Navy ships, enough so to recognize what type of vessel it was.  As the convoy inched ever closer, he could make out the numbers on the Ticonderoga class cruiser.
	Walter hit the radio. “Alpha team clear from the bridge, Delta from the stern.  We’ll regroup in the middle and clear the lower decks together, how copy?” 
	“Delta copies all,” Delta leader Staff Sergeant Crawford noted his response.  As one, the entire convoy stopped halfway down the docking station.  A single walkway connected the ship to its port.  A twelve man unit was quick on their feet, forming into a single-file line across the walkway and splitting into two teams moments after boarding the vessel. 
	A rifle scope peered through a dust-stained window, the bearer’s eye changing perspective from one person to another. “Where do you suppose these ones came from?” 
	Four feet beside the first sharpshooter, a second scanned the individual cars. “That Chevy’s license plate says Arizona.” 
	“What do you think they’re doing here?” A third member of the party asked. 
	“Hell if I know,” the first chambered a round. “What I do know is, they’ve got guns and they’re walking onto a Navy ship like they own her.” 
	“It’s not like you own her, Gordy.” The second shot back. 
	“Engage on my fire.” He replied.
	The squad of four all raised matching rifles.  The fourth chuckled. “I could have sworn you just hated pirates.” 
	“You can’t hate what you used to be.  It’s in your blood.” Gordon took his eye away from the scope to look his accuser directly.  Just as quickly, it was behind the scope and a finger pulled ever so slightly on the trigger. 
	In the silence of waiting for so long, Robert requested a cigarette from Jacob.  Leaned against his truck, he sparked the lighter to ignite the edge.  A sixth sense froze him in the moment, a small ember still lit a fraction of an inch away from the tobacco’s edge.  What sounded like a whisper in a voice he faintly recalled, “Move,” the imaginary voice begged.  He didn’t get this feeling often, but it always had saved his life prior.  He wouldn’t betray it this time, either.  Rob kicked himself off the truck and spun his head about for whatever the source may have been. It momentarily rested on a distant building, but it didn’t stay. 
	The blink of an eye gave him a clear direction of where an enemy lurked as sunlight refracted from a rifle scope, the same instant shredding the cigarette into fragments right from between his lips.  Robert’s life flashed at the distance he’d averted another painless death.  His eyes turned to face the source of the gunshot, but his mouth begged anything other than silence to fill the gap. 
	“Everyone on the ship now!” As his words were spoken, a volley of three more gunshots rang out.  He recognized the rifle’s source as that of a Remington 700.  While his warning was delivered, the rear glass window to his truck was shattered by one projectile, a humvee’s tire was flattened by another, and the third pounded into the dock.  A small space of silence only filled his mind with doubt. “Snipers, six o’clock, third floor!” Robert screamed while riflemen stepped into position.
	Kyle and Brett had their backs to the closest humvee while Robert and Derek had to use the Silverado angled improperly for defense.  Derek looked across the dock to see Zack sheltering Savannah with his own body covering her from the gunshots.  Several more noncombatants had forgotten about personal belongings altogether.  Rather than board, Ben, Terrence, and Joe remained on the dock with weapons in arms. 
	A second volley of four shots was fired at just the improper moment.  Senior Airman McKown lifted his body over the defense of a concrete barrier, just in time to have a shot blow through his right arm.  He reeled in agony from the sudden burst of pain, sprawled across the floor with only Staff Sergeant Logan at his side. 
	“We need to cover the civilians!” Jacob yelled a split second after the shots rang out.  He had his Intervention in hand, a look of pure hatred staring back at the source of gunfire. 
	A hesitation passed from the original shooter. “I’ve seen that face before,” Gordy tilted his head in wonder.  He almost felt compelled not to send a third spray of shots.  The first shots were all meant to miss, the second were meant to hit soft targets.  As the marine lifted his weapon to fire, Gordy was left no other option.  However, he had yet to fit a new round into the chamber and felt a painful surge as his own shoulder took a hit. 
	Jacob retracted behind the nearest humvee to load his next round. “None of you are going to be as lucky as me!” Jacob knew he’d hit his target, though was unsure of how fatal his bullet may have been.  The third volley of gunshots lacked the full brunt of four gunshots, which meant his target was out of the game…for now, at least. 
	Robert glanced down the dock to see the elderly maintenance men still ready and willing to shoot whatever they could hit.  Their position set them behind a barrier directly adjacent to the cruiser’s walkway. “Ben, after the next burst, you haul ass onto the ship!” The senior nodded without question and retracted to report it to the others. 
	Further down, Jacob spotted a trail of blood. “Logan, get your casualty onboard ASAP!” Mike had checked the wound to find a clean entry in and out, no arterial spray, and no intermittent contact with the bone.  McKown would get by just fine.  Still, Daniel was quickly wrapping a bandage around the wound despite the heated situation.  He was a surgeon, on the frontline or elsewhere. 
	Mike grabbed the doctor by his arm shortly after the bandage had been secured. “As soon as you hear those shots go off, you’re leading us on that boat.” 
	“I understand,” Daniel said with a nod of his head.  Not once did he question his survival.  Questioning whether you lived or died in an instant would only get you killed.  The crack of three shots sent Daniel in a frenzied sprint.  Not far behind, Logan lifted his wounded comrade to his feet and quickly guided him toward the ship. 
	Already onboard, Ben and Terrence waited at the edge of the porthole.  From a higher deck, Walter stepped out to see the mayhem developing.  As much as it was worth, he didn’t know how to operate the ship’s defenses in the least.  No artillery support would help them here. 
	Gordon raised himself to a stand.  The bullet’s impact with his shoulder was sufficient to knock him off his level head. “Son of a bitch,” he felt the wound and determined it wasn’t life-threatening.  Though a bullet was lodged between his arm and neck, he could take the pain. “Nobody puts a bullet in me and gets away with it.” The sniper aimed down the scope, his bullet waiting for a simple pull.  His aim scanned down the deck to see vague outlines of rifles poking from cover.  Yet the one who tagged him without a problem was out of sight.  He slid his viewfinder farther along to see three persons retreating onto the vessel.  Gordon smirked before he pulled the trigger. 
	Daniel was on the deck, half way to the bulkhead when a single gunshot ripped the air.  It was quicker than anyone anticipated.  The view of Logan and McKown changed to horror when the one in front fell limp.  A mist of red sprayed with no relent from a bloody entry in his neck.  Both of the soldiers had forgotten of the non-lethal injury sustained by David, now both struggled to raise the wounded surgeon to his feet. 
	Through the door, Dan’s eyes were edging comatose from the shock of his injury.  As the fourth, fifth, and sixth volleys went off in precise timing, the remaining dozen or so withdrew into the craft in squads of four or five as to reduce chances of being hit.  None knew of the injury sustained, but they were left to wonder by a messy trail of crimson leading into the thick metal walls. 
	A flight of stairs and a door later, the catatonic Daniel was laid onto an operating table in the medical bay.  Logan called it in en route, “Myers, we’ve sustained a critical injury, gunshot to the neck, heavy arterial spray.” 
	Scott asked over the line. “Where’s Dan?” 
	“It is Dan!” Mike screamed in return. 
	Robert was stunned to hear it, and instantly sprinted toward the panicked screams and echoes reverberating through the halls.  It took him a minute to find it, about the same as it did for Sergeant Myers.  At the doorway, Melanie was on her knees, her body seizing uncontrollably.  Jacob had taken a seat at her side and wrapped his arms around her. 
	As the field surgeon stepped through the door, he wasn’t the first to notice Logan’s entire face doused in red, as was most of his uniform.  The same could be said for McKown, though none of it could be accounted for the covered extremity shot he took.  Both had a cloth tightly clenched over Dan’s wound, though blood was still seeping through. 
	Scott squeezed between the two with a syringe in hand.  He only took a moment to see Daniel’s eyes pleading back at him for release.  The dose administered knocked the patient out in a matter of seconds.  He took a hold of the cloth and slowly removed it from the source of its red stains.  That same instant found him blinded by a spray of blood.  He wiped it from his eyes with a free arm, but had seen all he needed to see. “Oh, my God.” 
	“What?” Robert was pulling hairs from his scalp.  The one thing he needed was good news.  He wasn’t going to get any. 
	“It’s his carotid artery.” He peeked in from the opposite side, sure to squint and prevent as much blood from obscuring his vision again. “And his jugular, shit.” 
	“What can you do?” Robert pleaded.  The man who had prevented his death was dying on the table and there was nothing he could do to change it.  His experience was as a marksman, not a doctor. 
	Scott denied himself that nothing could be done.  He fervently worked to stop the bleeding.  His ears rang dull to the EKG beeping slower and slower with every passing second.  In less than a minute, the monitor blared a dull tone.  Scott clenched his eyes shut, and his head hung over the body.  Not a word broke the silence.  Only the unrelenting tap of blood dripping to the floor.
	Robert was speechless.   His legs had lost the will to carry him, leaning him against the wall and sitting him on the floor.  Hands covered his eyes moments before hushed sobs could be heard.  Only a few feet away, Melanie’s ears couldn’t mute the flatline.  Her cries were loud enough to make anyone aboard cringe.  A sudden lurch from the vessel didn’t bring any consolation. 
	The marine brushed Melanie’s hair gently.  His thoughts reflected the last year. ‘How does a pacifist end up with a bullet in his neck?’ A question nobody could answer, so he wouldn’t dare speak it.  For the first in the longest time, he felt a tear straining down his face. 
	Minutes passed like hours.  The bridge bearing Ben, Terrence, and a handful of others didn’t have anything to speak of.  They’d accomplished their goal, now had little but to leave San Diego Bay.  But one of theirs wouldn’t accompany them after this day.  The report came in from Scott. “Dan’s gone.” 
	Walt sighed deeply.  He tried to focus on anything else.  But what else could there be to focus on.  In all their success bringing on three more members to the squad, finding a Navy ship, crossing a span of several hundred miles…all of it was overshadowed by the departure of another from their party.  He had to be professional regardless, “Copy that.” His words were hoarse, they lacked the bearing to maintain the attitude his men had come to know. 
	Watching the craft depart from dock, Gordon let a sigh pass deeply.  It wasn’t the first time he’d taken a life, and he’d found some sport in doing so. “Nice shot,” one of his teammates said. 
	“That one was spraying like a fountain.” Another commented. 
	Gordon chuckled. “They had it coming.” He rose to a stand, rifle slung on his back. “Now, I’ve got a date with a morphine dose and one of you needs to pull this slug out of my shoulder.” 
	Still on the edge of the medical bay, Melanie bore dead eyes and lacked the voice to speak.  In her silence, Jacob did his best to console her. “This wasn’t supposed to happen.  I deserved that bullet.” 
	“Nobody deserved to die today,” Robert said, his eyes bloodshot as they made contact with Jacob.  He dropped to sit on the other side of Melanie and tucked his arm around her shoulder. “It’s the world we live in.  There are too many bad and not enough good to balance them out.  Daniel was a good guy.  I owed him my life…and I never got to repay that debt.  He saved more lives than any of us killers.  Danny was a hero, don’t ever forget that.” 
	“We just don’t want to see you do anything--” 
	Melanie cut Jacob off, “I’m not going to kill myself.  I want to, but I won’t.  Because it’s not what he would want.” She shook their hands. “I appreciate what you’re trying to do right now…but I need to be alone.” Neither had the will to follow when she departed down the hallway.  They both made eye contact, able to see how much this death had affected either of them. 
	Shortly after Melanie departed, Savannah and Zack were slow to step into the room.  Robert outstretched a hand.  Savannah heard the news, just as everyone else.  She couldn’t just let it be after what had been done saved her life.  A bullet that struck her in the neck could have brought her life to a close prematurely.  Today what remained was a scar, a constant reminder of the gift she had been given.  Savannah stepped up to the body.  She closed her eyes and let a deep breath out.
	Zack set a hand on the small of her back, “You don’t need to be here.”
	“Yes, I do.” Savannah replied.  She set a hand over his face, slow to peel his eyes closed.  Her free hand went over her eyes to hinder the sight of welling tears. “Thank you, Daniel.  Be at peace.” She turned and walked away, only revealing enough of her eyes to find the door and escape.
	A fateful day had left them one body, this one honored and given up to the sea rather than cremated.  Melanie was devastated by the loss of her boyfriend.  He requested her hand in marriage days before the siege at the outpost, saying he might not get the chance to ask her after shit hit the fan.  Everyone did their best to comfort her. 
	As night passed over, Rob found some solidarity after the world ‘ended.’ Finally at peace, dancing on a sapphire sheet glistening with the moon’s reflection.  The cruiser dropped anchor about ten miles offshore.  By this time, she had been cleared of any undead or living hostile activity, devoid of any human activity save for her new renovators.
	Troy leaned against the railing beside him. “So.  We made it out to sea.  Turns out your idea was just as lethal as staying in Phoenix.”
	Robert glanced at him, head hung low. “Nobody’s immortal.  But you made it, didn’t you?”
	Troy nodded. “I just hope you know what you’re doing.”
	Robert chuckled, “So do I.  But I wouldn’t be doing it if I didn’t believe.”
	“Believe in what?” Troy was intrigued. “You don’t look the religious type.”
	“I don’t have to look it, I don’t have to preach it.  But I’ve seen that place, and yearned for it every day.”
	Troy chuckled, “Well, why haven’t you tried to off yourself?”
	Robert shook his head. “In the worst days, I tried.  I put a gun to my head and pulled the trigger.  Earlier today, I missed a sniper’s bullet by inches.  My time will come, but it won’t be until the time is right.”
	Troy sighed. “If you don’t mind me asking, what did it look like?”
	“I would call it…a dream of the promised land unwrapped from the veil of consciousness.” Robert smirked.
	Troy laughed, “Where did you come up with that?”
	“Spoke it from the heart.” Robert replied.  He looked back out to sea. “You see that someone died today and you think it was a fault of ours.  Faith or fate, your life is not ultimately in your hands.  That man saved my life twice, and I know he is somewhere he wouldn’t give up even if he had the choice.  My heart aches for Melanie, just like hers ached for mine when I lost Nicole.  But I’m not going to give up because they’re gone.  I have no reason to, not anymore.” Robert walked back inside the craft, leaving Troy to dwell on the words.
	They were lost at direction, still trying to figure out how to run a ship like this smoothly.  The USS Mobile Bay, a cruiser in the US Navy had become their place of residence for the night.  Power, lights, food. Better than home, some were beginning to think already.  Home still had the grave sites of friends lost.  Home was hit the hardest, and home was still the hardest to leave. 
	Sleep came peacefully for the majority.  They spend the latter half of the night reiterating all the wondrous things Daniel had done.  Just thinking about him brought Melanie to break down.  She’d heal with time…or she’d die with a self-inflicted wound.  Nobody could predict the pattern of emotionally stressed people.  Suffering a loss of someone so close took a heavy toll on everyone differently.  Audrey was an event everyone could have seen, but nobody was able to stop in its occurrence.  Robert didn’t want Melanie to die without premise.  Enough people had died trying to stay alive. 

Day 424
Best Foot Forward

 	The midst of a city in chaos passed around their unit.  A black SUV with tinted windows led a massive RV. “Gas up, then we’re out of here,” Jacob called it in over the line. 
	In the passenger of the lead car, his Lieutenant took a moment. “Can’t believe we’re leaving her like this.” 
	“Flag isn’t our concern anymore, Red.  Keeping our heads is, and that’s not possible as bad as it is now.” 
	A few hundred feet ahead, the sight was already grim. “Last gas station for twenty miles,” Red fit a fresh clip into his MP5.  His driver sent him a faint glance which he returned in earnest. “You ready?” 
	“Is anyone ever?” The driver, Rick, slowed down to turn into the gas station.  His alignment drew him adjacent to the pumps.  Behind him, the RV accepted a climb on the curb in a wide turn. 
	“It’s not like we’ve got a choice.” Red stepped out of the vehicle, weapon raised to his shoulder.  Sporadic discharges of gunfire raged as far as a mile and close as fifty feet.  A quick look up and down the street, then through the glass of the nearby store showed nothing hostile.  Things could change in the blink of an eye, one facet of combat he’d never let slip from his mind. 
	Only a moment after the two in front had dismounted, Jacob was on the ground too.  He was securing the petroleum nozzle into the tank.  Every gunshot that sounded was ignorant to him with the current situation.  As there was already a war going on that he had played a small part in, he would know if any gunshots were directed his way.  With a swipe of his credit card, a punch in of his pin, and a confirming nod to his two comrades, Jacob took a brief moment.  He peeked his head into the cabin. “I’ll be right back, Alyssa.” 
	His daughter of seventeen, clutching a small caliber pistol in both hands, nodded her head.  The fear in her eyes wasn’t for her, but her father. “Be careful.” 
	“You do the same,” Jacob turned about, jogging to regroup with the rest of his squad.  A short distance up the three busted through the double doors.  Inside the store, they weren’t surprised to see a cashier ducking beneath the counter.  This wasn’t one of the places that frequented robberies.  He wasn’t accustomed to seeing submachine guns and revolvers breaking through the doors, luckily for the trio.  Jacob looked over the counter. “Don’t be afraid, pops, we’re not here for the drawer.  All we’re looking for is some food and water.” 
	“Take it,” the attendant pleaded immediately. “Half the city is burning up!  I’ve been trying the panic button for the last four hours!” The three didn’t hesitate to grab bags of chips and candies along with bottled sodas and waters.  However, the situation a simple pane of glass away was about to change the status quo. 
	Rick was half way from the counter to the door when a sudden explosion tore through the glass.  Knocked off his feet with a wide spray of pellets lodged into his chest.  He choked on winded coughs, suffering damage to his lungs and heart from a single launch of buckshot.  Jake and Red dropped behind cover as quickly as the deafening round had gone off.  This was the first time either of them set their weapons to fire since leaving the house. 
	Jacob was able to see the eyes of Rick peering for some kind of relief.  A relief he would soon earn at the mercy of a Colt M1911 fired from the same person who had put him on the ground.  Jake clenched his teeth at the witness of one of his best friends’ execution, absolute rage swelling in his blood. 
	The gunman and three henchmen stepped through the door with identical shotguns at the ready.  With a wave of the finger from their leader, the three followers quickly laid waste to anything behind the counter. “God, how I love free-for-alls.  Take what you can,” he swung his pistol around. “The cops aren’t coming for a while.” 
	Fueled by the death of his brother in arms, Red swung his SMG over the top of the aisle and fired blindly.  His shots hit two of the targets before anyone had taken cover.  Red retracted his weapon. “Yeah,” Red screamed, “but the marines beat you here, motherfucker!” He raised his weapon and fired again.
	Taking advantage of a clear flank, Jacob aimed his revolver down the sights.  Range was distant for a handgun, but he had no problem putting down insurgents in Iraq at thrice the distance.  A pull of the hammer dropped one of the four targets for good.  With the effects of its caliber, a shot to the thigh left his mark in shock.  He was quick to retract, when shotguns pumped and return fire shredded through an adjacent magazine stand and ice cream cooler. 
	His next two bullets fired over the aisles as he sprinted alongside the beverage refrigerators were meant to further disorient his foes.  Red was able to hit two of them, however the small bullets did as much as scratching the surface on extremity shots.  Jake’s plan backfired, instead dodging more shells by a fraction of an inch which then sprayed broken bottle contents through the shattered glass panes behind him.  He didn’t have room to stop, and instead dropped into a slide.  A thin gap stood between him and the far corner where food was cooked on a spinning grill.  In the middle of his slide, he was sure to send a precise bullet into the second gunman’s temple. 
	Red had to take a second to reload, but the focus was luckily turned away.  Upon sliding the release and chambering another bullet, instinct swerved a pumped shell straight toward him.  He pulled the trigger at the same moment his enemy did.  Both fell from the force, Red by a spread in his gut, his opponent by a half dozen nine millimeters placed around his chest.  The weapons fell loose from both their hands.  Red slid his eyes shut and clenched his teeth in an effort to fight his torment. 
	While the leader of their pack had originally been intent on neutralizing all life in the gas station, he now stood three short of his squad.  Strange, how ten seconds earlier they’d all been standing at his side.  Immediately, he holstered his pistol and threw his shotgun to the floor. “I give up!” he held out arms. 
	Jacob swung around the corner, revolver raised.  He scanned the three bodies for signs of activity.  Confident, he took a step forward, but kept a clear bead on the last variable. “Red!” No answer fell upon his ears.  He hurriedly advanced the next step to see where Red had been moments ago.  In the same place, a body sprawled across the floor.  His moment of shock wasn’t traumatized enough to fell his alertness.  Peripheral spotted the last shooter retracting his hand to grab the pistol.  Without a second to waste, he pulled the trigger. 
	Jacob dropped at Red’s side to see blood pooling from his comrade’s mouth, just as much the multiple cavities in his stomach. “Should have guessed you’d make it out,” Red stumbled on his words, but managed a crimson stained grin. 
	“I’m not the only one,” Jacob tried to convince Red. 
	“Of course.  Ally’s right outside.” He took a deep breath. “You’ve got more lives than a cat, Jake.  Don’t waste any more of them on people like us.” Red found some difficulty raising his right hand, but Jacob encircled it with his own. “Make it count, little brother.” His eyes shut and a final breath extinguished from his lips. 
	Jacob quivered, holding the lifeless body of another soul taken from him in the heat of battle.  How crude it was, that even his biological brother suffered while he kept his life?  Tears wouldn’t come to his eyes, though.  In place of the grief, his world had filled with hate.  Jacob carefully lowered Red onto the tile floor, staining with blood…his blood.  Everything had been taken from him, except his daughter. 
	Outside, a reanimated body with a straddled neck and a broken ankle limped toward what had recently been the discharge of gunfire.  A guttural moan, it’s yellow eyes fixated only for a moment on a scant trace of movement through the windshield of Jacob’s RV.  Through the pane, Alyssa spotted the creature make eye contact with her.  Trained how to use a firearm, she quickly switched the safety to off.  It didn’t stop her teeth from clicking. 
	Back at a stand, Jacob stepped foot over the man who had killed Rick before the exchange of gunfire had sealed Red’s fate as well.  The man, barely holding on by a thread, looked up to see the cold metal hanging limp in the marine’s hand. “Show mercy,” he coughed as he spoke. 
	“You don’t deserve any,” Jacob aimed his weapon at the man’s head and pulled the trigger.  His grip trembled, but he didn’t feel any remorse.  It was only out of misery that he had lost the feel of his fingers.  While taking the lives of strangers may have changed someone, losing a brother had transformed him. “I’ll see you in hell, so I can kill you again.” 
	His fury fell in the moment, hearing a discharge outside.  The handgun matched that of the USP he’d given Alyssa.  Jacob sprinted out the door.  En route he emptied the six bullet casings and reloaded one slug in their place.  Inside the RV Alyssa retracted, her left forearm coagulating blood along a slim cut.  Her bullet went astray as close as her target was.  The panicked state didn’t put her target on the floor, but did force the undead creature to react with a gunshot lodged in its oddly deformed neck. 
	Jacob took a single leap to ascend the four stairs leading inside.  Between him and his daughter, the creature turned its head upon hearing footsteps.  As it started for the marine, Jake was sure to check his clearance.  He didn’t want the bullet to cause any collateral damage, least of all to his daughter.  Clear of any such incident, he took two steps and impressed the barrel of his revolver into the target’s eye socket before pulling the trigger. 
	Stepping over the corpse, Jake was horrified by the condition of his daughter.  She was trembling harder than he’d ever seen.  Not even a tundra had made her shiver so much. Alyssa dropped to her knees, the gun still clutched in her hands.  This was the first time she’d used it on a human being, and though it didn’t kill her foe, the trauma was beyond her reckoning. 
	Jacob fell to his knees at her side and wrapped his arms around her. “How you holding up?” 
	Alyssa’s breath was labored, and a cold sweat had built on her forehead. “I don’t know.” She looked up, but there was nobody else among the party. “Where’s uncle Red.” 
	Jacob retracted from his embrace to stare her in the eyes. “I’m sorry.  It happened too fast.” His eyes drooped to see the arm of his daughter.  Something seemed different.  As it meant nothing to him in the present, a foreword made him shiver.  The memory fast-forwarded to the point when he was holding his revolver to Alyssa’s head. 
	In the blink of an eye, it faded.  Jacob’s eyes popped open to see a cold, dark room.  Living quarters aboard the USS Mobile Bay.  His dreams had never swayed into flashbacks or nightmares that happened to be true.  But all accounts of this one had brought his eyes to tear and skin to rise.  He had failed his brother, and he had failed his daughter.  Silence filled his ringing ear.  The gunshots in his memory remained to deafen the one good ear he had left.  A lasting reminder for an event he couldn’t have changed. 
	“I’ve been wondering when you’d wake up,” Joe said from an adjacent bunk. “You’ve been thrashing and cursing in bed all night.” 
	Jacob took a deep breath. “It felt so real.” 
	“Post traumatic stress?” 
	“In the worst way.” Jacob wiped his eyes of the sorrow. 
	From the opposite bunk, Joe’s boots hit the solid floor. “You like to fish?” 
	“I liked to hunt back in the day.  But it’s been years since I went deep-sea fishing.” He rose out of bed to find his opposite holding two fishing poles. 
	“No better time to find a new hobby,” Joe grinned before tossing the fishing pole into Jacob’s lap.  The two exited their quarters, but were sure to keep quiet all the way through a dimly lit corridor.  More than a dozen others were still fast asleep in the early morning.  All except for one, who had locked herself inside her own bunk. 
	Adjacent rooms could hear the unsuppressed sobs of Melanie, though none knew any way to make it better.  Even after a funeral service and a hearty dinner given them by the cruiser’s food stock, death still took its toll on the living.  One room over, Zack hadn’t slept a wink either.  His arms were wrapped around Savannah’s belly, a small fetus still in the early stages of development showed few indications of its presence so far.  Zack didn’t want to suffer like Melanie, nor did he want Savannah to.  It all circled back to one question: What the hell happened yesterday? 
	Another two hours passed in relative silence, only a few early risers going to explore the craft.  Among them, Gus was petrified in awe by something he saw on the deck.  Two utility helicopters sat unattended, both painted a sky blue.  He hadn’t moved much, just enough to take a seat when his legs got tired.  After almost ninety minutes alone, Chad crossed paths with him. “I’d be staring at the ocean,” he commented on Gus’s unnerving gaze. “You only get to see so much nature.” 
	“If things hadn’t gone down like they did, I would have been through with SOAR training and flying one of these puppies by now.” 
	“Strange how everything ended up, isn’t it?” 
	Gus sighed. “Now that I’m looking at my dream, I’m almost scared to touch it.” 
	The Staff Sergeant took a few strides before sliding open the rear compartment. “Can’t say I miss being in the air.” His view of the components, multiple chairs, and a mounted mini-gun pointing out the opposite hatch didn’t make him reconsider. “I’m infantry, always have been.  The most I miss out of choppers and planes is stepping off after a successful flight.” 
	“I was born to fly,” Gus shook his head. “Just like you were born to shoot a gun.” 
	“I wasn’t born to shoot a gun.  I had to take up a new hobby, since running a chop-shop and selling drugs wasn’t economically viable.” 
	Titling his head in confusion. “Aren’t felons restricted from serving?” 
	“Never said I got caught, did I?  No, a deal went south and my garage ended up full of holes.  The next morning, I was two states away from that storm.  I had to make a change, and growing pot was frowned upon over there too.” 
	Gus laughed. “I could have sworn you were a good guy.” 
	“Exactly.  I’m good, but that doesn’t make me great.” He shut the fuselage and tapped his fingers on the craft for a few seconds. “I’ll talk to Walt about it, see if we can give you your wings.  Bet your ass they’ll test you to make sure you’re capable of flying it.  After all, this isn’t like those simulators or props you were using at Embry Riddle.” 
	“It’s heavier on liftoff, faster through the gate, and loaded to the teeth,” Gus pointed out with three fingers. 
	Upstairs Robert congregated with a dozen or so others.  Included in the party were Derek, Walter, and the two elderly maintenance men.  Both Ben and Terrence had served in the Navy, and of all things, in a Naval fleet.  What better way to stay out of the jungles of Vietnam than to enlist on a ship?  Though the technology was newer than either of them saw all those years ago, the same basic logistics were easy to transfer. 
	“We did our research,” Walt tipped his head toward the Senior Airman removing a bandage from his arm.  A gauze wrapping put in place by one that was no longer among them.  He hated to reminisce. “David was right.  The only oil rigs nearby are right off the coast of LA.” 
	Robert nodded. “I thought we said we’d deal with it.” 
	“Some of us are worried this might be a mistake,” McKown answered. “I’ve never suffered radiation sickness or the effects of fallout, but I don’t plan on finding out.” 
	“We’ve got a military cruiser,” Derek shrugged. “This thing must have a Geiger counter somewhere.” 
	“Even so,” Walt cleared his throat. “We’re down a surgeon.” 
	“You say that like I didn’t see it with my own eyes, Walt.” Robert’s look matched sadness with aggression. “Dan saved my life, and I’ve never felt worse that I couldn’t do the same for him.  But it’s over.  He’s dead, we’re still here.  And we’re on the ocean now, far from any outsider force.” 
	“Well, that’s yet to be determined.” Walter shook his finger. “This is our first day in open water.  Anarchy was hell on land, I doubt it’d be much different on the Pacific.” 
	Derek scoffed. “You make it seem like we aren’t inside one of the most versatile craft in the United States Navy.  If we run into anyone on the water, we’ll handle them.  I’ve already seen the armory a few flights down.” 
	Ben cut in, “You haven’t even seen what the artillery can do on this ship.” 
	“Enlighten us.” David replied dryly. 
	“First off,” Terrence raised a finger. “We’ve got a surplus of Tomahawk missiles.  Those can hit targets up to 3,000 miles away.  Second is the Phalanx.  Those things that look like R2-D2,” he pointed out of the craft to two dome-shaped objects. “They automatically track targets and use IFF to determine whether they’re with or against us.  Those settings can be changed manually so we don’t end up shooting ourselves.  They’re meant as a last line of defense, and their original purpose is as anti-ship missiles that get too close--” 
	“How do you know all this?” Derek asked. “They didn’t have all this tech back in the sixties.” 
	“Discovery channel,” Terrence reflected with a grin. “They did a special on Naval warfare.” 
	“Continue.” Rob requested. 
	“After that, we’ve got 32s for anti-submarines, 45s for anything on the surface, 25 millimeter Bushmasters, and a couple of fifty cal Brownings.  Trust me, a week to recognize this ship’s capabilities, and we’ll be at the top of the food chain.”
	A few moments earlier, Chad had walked onto the bridge.  He heard Terrence name off the last of the weaponry before throwing in his own words. “We’re not counting the two Blackhawks on the helipad.” 
	Ben smirked. “In the Navy, they’re called Seahawks.  But who on this ship is qualified to fly either of them?” 
	Chad smirked. “Gus was begging for the chance.  According to him, he’s more than capable.” 
	“That’s his opinion,” Walter commented. 
	Robert shrugged. “He did say he came from Embry Riddle.  It wouldn’t hurt to see.  The worst that can happen is he crashes it into the ocean.” 
	“No,” Derek shook his head. “The worst is he can crash into the ship.  But if he can fly, that only adds to our defenses.” 
	“Back to our original debate,” Robert continued. “An oil rig would suit us, but if they’re in the fallout zone, we can always stay on this ship.  We’ve got enough supplies to last until our plants fruit.” 
	Walt twiddled his fingers for several empty seconds. “Right,” he nodded.  His eyes found Ben halfway back to the cruiser’s throttle. “Full speed ahead.”
	Her max speed set the crew at a slow but steady pace just above thirty knots.  That was cutting into her fuel supply a little much, which led to a more lenient splash over waves.  Zack still hadn’t moved from his seat.  The lurch forward brought Savannah out of a light sleep.  Her first words in waking weren’t much for calm. “If Danny’s gone…how can I have this baby?”
	Zack rubbed her arm in the hesitation to answer. “Don’t worry.  People have been having babies since the stone age.”
	“It was so hard for me to go to sleep.  Everything has me on edge.” 
	“You’re telling me.  Keep your head on your shoulders.  Things will be better off now, since we got on this ship.” 
	“I can’t cross my fingers like you.” 
	“Stop worrying.  I can’t keep my head if you can’t.” 
	Savannah halfheartedly giggled. “Be prepared.  My hormones are gonna kick in one of these day.” 
	“You mean they haven’t yet?” Zack held back his laughter.  When Savannah laughed, he felt a swarm of relief. “We’ll be fine, trust me.” 
	A thin sheet of metal away, Mike patted against the adjacent quarters.  No answer came through the door, which led to him slowly pushing it open.  He was prepared for the worst, more expectant to see another corpse with pools of blood around slit wrists.  Instead, he found Melanie sleeping atop sheets stained with tears.  She had barely fallen asleep a few minutes prior from the fatigue.  Quietly, Logan stepped in and took a seat on the mattress gently enough not to disturb her.  One of his hands brushed hair from her cherry face.  He didn’t know how she felt, but he knew she’d need someone to look after her. “I’ll keep an eye on her for you, Dan.” Mike whispered. 
	Derek had accompanied Robert to the helipad where Gus still hadn’t moved.  Both chuckled at his empty gaze. “I would tell you to take a picture because it’ll last longer, but we don’t have any cameras.” 
	“I’ll paint a work of art,” Gus replied, his eyes failing to move. 
	Derek leaned over the starboard rail, staring out at the distant mass of land remembered as California.  Feelings of his loss were unavoidable, but he had the mental will to carry on.  Still, Katie left a mark on his soul.  He’d heal with time, just like they all did. 
	Robert did the same a few feet away.  He could see the blank expression on his cousin’s face. “Are you alright?” 
	“You keep asking me that, but the answer never seems to change.” Derek let out a deep breath. “We’re one and the same, you and I.” 
	“I find that hard to believe.” 
	“Same blood…same loves.  Only you were with yours until the end.” 
	Rob slid his jaw uncomfortably.  As touchy a subject as this, he didn’t want to dig any deeper for fear he might break the skin. “I’m sorry you lost Kate.  She didn’t deserve to die.” 
	“But it was meant to be.  I’m cursed.” 
	“You’re not--” 
	“Don’t finish,” Derek cut him off. “My family hated me.  It’s one thing to have your ex-wife hate you.  But your kids, that’s unfathomable.  Yet they died while I survived.  How does your God justify that?” 
	Rob was at a loss for words. “Fate?” 
	“Everything I did, I believed it best for our survival.  I strive to keep what remains of our people alive.  But it’s still not enough.  You were destined to be great, Bobby.  But I wasn’t.  That’s our fate.” Derek removed himself from the conversation, head hung low as he walked back to a port inside the ship. 
	Numerous hours ticked by like days.  Everyone was anticipating their new home on the horizon, yet it took its time to come.  Lunch was passing, and both Mitch and Angela had retaken old positions behind the grille and fryer.  Inside two deep-frying baskets, Mitch had a wide grin on his face. “I can’t remember the last time I ate fried chicken.” 
	Over the bar, Miguel was a little hesitant. “Isn’t that stuff expired by now?” 
	“Long as you keep it frozen,” Angela waved a finger, “expiration date doesn’t matter most of the time.  I thought you would have known this working in the kitchen.” 
	“Yeah, but I worked in the dish room.” 
	“Classic,” Mitch scoffed after taking a bite out of his own chicken breast. “Good work on the batter.” 
	“Courtney taught me all the tricks in the book,” she replied before tearing off a strip to eat.  A moment later, she threw a couple legs on a platter and slid it across the island. “That’s for you,” nodding at Miguel. 
	“I don’t eat meat,” he tried to joke. 
	Mitch shook his head. “If you don’t eat meat, then I’m an atheist.” 
	Through a hatch, Jacob stepped through the door. “Land ho,” he spoke up. 
	Mitch chuckled. “Land’s been ho for the last day.  We’re not even off the coast.” 
	“I know,” Jacob shrugged, “it just seemed fitting.  We’re about fifteen minutes away from the nearest drill platform, thought I should let you know.” 
	“Hostile?” 
	“We have yet to determine that.  Until we know for sure, all combat personnel are locked and loaded.  Recommend the others stay below deck.” His eyes swung around to see most of the noncombatants sitting at nearby tables.  All of them could eavesdrop, and the five or so soldiers were picking up newly collected submachine guns and heading out the same port Jacob entered through. 
	Mitch nodded before reaching for his own weapon and followed shortly out the door before closing it.  Ahead of them only a few miles, they could see the outline of a design more than four stories tall.  Robert peeked through the scope of his M110.  He was sure to scan every floor. “I don’t see any defenses in place.  Don’t let your guard down.” 
	Ben cut the cruiser’s speed drastically, causing several to feel their stomach shift from inertia.  It continued forward, though no friction against the waves helped it to slow tremendously.  He let a breath out before dropping anchor. “Fingers crossed.” 
	The Staff Sergeant lifted his head over the bow. “Any idea how to approach this?” His question directed to Jacob.  The sniper, who had just recently stepped into their party of more than two dozen armed soldiers, clicked his teeth. 
	Jacob considered the helicopters on deck. “That won’t work,” he said under his breath, with regards that Gus had yet to prove himself as a pilot. “We’ve got a few zodiacs back there.  Two four-person teams will move forward, sweep it floor by floor.” He sent a glance to Robert. “Bobby, Derek, Mitch, you guys are with me.  Walt, select your team.” The marine headed back for the inflatable rafts, the rest of his selection not far behind. 
	In another five minutes, the two teams were speeding toward the rig.  Her lowest level, painted a bright yellow finish with spots of deterioration from seawater, bore no human presence.  No boats were visible.  Derek and Mitch kept their heads down.  Robert had his weapon primed to fire at the first sign of hostility he saw.  In the back, Jacob controlled the insertion vessel’s rear engine for direction and velocity. 
	Jacob shot a quick glance over to see the four members of Walter’s unit in a similar state of questioning.  Most of them were still being accustomed to a smaller firearm than the assault rifles they were used to.  Among the members of the team, the most experienced had been chosen for this mission.  Walter had picked out Aaron, Chad, and Mike, and none would refuse the chance. 
	At the edge of a steel railing, Jacob steered their craft alongside.  Rob had a rope tied off and in hand.  He quickly jumped onto the railing’s edge to find footing and subsequently looped the rope around to secure their method of transport.  The rest of his squad disembarked, in sync with Walter’s unit.  All had a stiff aim down the sights, checking every corner for the scantest trace of life.  None were down here, save for them. 
	Robert took the lead, despite having one of the least methodical weapons for this type of operation.  As he ascended a flight of stairs, he quickly traded off to the Beretta.  He carefully peeked his head over the landing, spun it around to see a small room with a wide open exit, and retracted. “We’re clear,” he stepped up the next few stairs before finding solid ground again. 
	Walter’s unit took the lead while Robert took a moment to steady his breath.  Fear of the unknown was the worst.  For all he knew, he could have gotten his head shot off.  Walter whispered, “Clear left.” 
	Chad snuck a glance out the opposite corner, “Clear right.” 
	“Move up,” Walt took the lead, turning right outside the door.  They traveled from room to room, determining each free of a source of life.  The first level of three to be checked took less than ten minutes to secure, but every second seemed like hours. 
	Back onboard the Mobile Bay, Terrence peeked through a pair of binoculars to see the unit of eight on the next floor. “You hear any shots go off?” 
	“Not yet,” Ben answered. “I’m not looking forward to it, either.” 
	Fifteen minutes in passing saw them ascending to the top floor.  Though the sunlight blinded them for only a moment, nobody saw a hint of life.  Walt made it his mission to assure the drill was at least partially lifted out of its rut.  Seeing some documentaries on television, he was aware of the dangers these things posed.  Hitting a pocket of oil with no professional crew to handle it could have dire consequences.  On top of that, tectonic plate movements happened all the time in the ring of fire, and he wasn’t about to let the drill sink the rig if something happened.  Thankfully, the drill still had a gas-powered lifespan, long enough to raise the drill ten feet or so. 
	Robert took a glance out at the horizon.  Sitting almost a hundred feet off the surface of the water brought him to grin.  At his side, Derek couldn’t share the enthusiasm. “I wish Nikki could have seen this.” 
	The other sighed before reaching his comm. “Mobile Bay, no hostile activity, platform is secure.  Push forward and drop anchor.” 
	“Copy that,” Terrence answered. In the distance of a few miles, they could see the ship’s bow breaking water again. 
	“Looks like we found our new home,” Derek spoke. 
	Rob nodded. “It’ll have to do.” 

Day 433
Unwelcome Tides

	Nine days had never gone by without more peace.  Well, if you discounted the test-firing of multiple weapon systems aboard the cruiser going off at least twice a day.  Vacancy was everywhere, be it the vessel’s crew quarters or the platform’s dorms.  Feeding wasn’t a problem either.  In methodical crops laid out by a dozen green thumbs on the top level of the rig, the gardens were already sprouting.  If anyone wanted a drink of water, all required was to boil the salt out of the seawater.  And while the rig didn’t have much of a power supply left over, the Mobile Bay could maintain a ghost’s trail of electricity for years to come.  All was well, and few believed much more could be lost. 
	The cruiser had been devoted a crew of twelve soldiers to maintain defenses.  To keep up with sleep, half would work sunrise to sunset, and the other vice versa.  Ben and Terrence weren’t so familiar with the updated technology, but the shoes still fit.  They had yet to find an instruction manual for how to use a Navy cruiser.  In the meantime, a crash course would have to be sufficient. 
	Below deck, several more preferred life aboard the ship to life aboard the cruiser.  Confined movement hadn’t disrupted many lives, nor did cabin fever set in.  But their life at sea had just begun.  And times of peace could only last so long.  Ben had barely stepped aboard the bridge for his early morning shift, a fresh mug of coffee in his hands.  Something on the surface search radar caught his eye.  Taking in it’s position relative to theirs, Ben looked southwest from the bridge.  His brow furrowed, and he had to take a sip of his drink to help take it in. 
	A few minutes after Ben had awoken, Mike was the second to take up his morning shift.  His eyes were still half asleep.  Seeing the look in Ben’s eyes alerted him to full consciousness. “What’s going on?” 
	Ben handed over the binoculars. “Three bogeys, southwest.  Radar shows them coming in slow.” 
	The Staff Sergeant would have guessed them friendly, but his attitude changed when he could make out the outlines of machineguns mounted on two of the approaching craft. “Should have seen this coming,” he muttered. 
	“Why’s that?” Ben was curious.
	“We’re the biggest thing on the ocean’s surface for at least a hundred miles.  Somebody was bound to notice us.” 
	“How do you want to handle this?” Ben requested. 
	Mike took the radio, “Walt, do you copy?” 
	From his bed aboard the platform, Walter shook himself awake.  It wasn’t the first time someone called him over the radio in his sleep.  His walkie beeped in a signal that the batteries were low.  He didn’t mind, slow to rise from his posture in sleep. “Roger that,” he wiped his eyes. “What’s going on?” 
	“Unidentified vessels approaching.  They are armed.”
	Walt jumped to a stand.  From the next room over, Robert nearly collided with him out the door.  He was notorious for eavesdropping on the little things.  This was a big thing. “Give me a vector.” 
	“Southwest, range two miles.” Mike reported. 
	While Walt took a monocular to view, Robert took advantage of the telescopic sight on his rifle.  Neither saw it a pleasant sight.  Pleasant sights were rare in these dark days. “Have they tried to communicate?” 
	“That’s a negative,” Ben tried to send a warning message back on every frequency to no avail. “And they aren’t taking calls.” 
	Robert growled.  He thought they were past the anarchy and destruction when they had set sail.  Being wrong so often was starting to piss him off. “Fire a warning shot,” he suggested to Walter. 
	“Are you sure?” 
	Rob nodded. He took the radio. “All noncombatants, take whatever cover you can find.  We’re back in the suck.  Ben, fire off a warning shot.  Drop it in the ocean just shy of them.” 
	The elderly veteran was already zoning in an impact location via manual settings while the command was coming through.  All he needed was the go ahead. “Copy that,” pressing the button. “Fire,” The crack and subsequent whistle of its firing woke everyone in the blink of an eye.  Even the sleep-deprived members of Delta jumped out of sleep.  Hearing a shot go off this early wasn’t normal. 
	Rob watched the missile ascend and arc across the sky, leaving a thin trail of black smoke in its wake.  It was airborne for but a few seconds before impacting the water.  A quarter mile from the patrol, it’s detonation upon impact led to a dozen more figures rising from their sleeping quarters to the top deck.  To assure it worked, Rob took another look through his rifle scope.  He was due for a letdown, as the splash along two speedboats’ bows increased. 
	“Looks like your plan backfired.” 
	From the bridge, Mike had also spotted the rash response from the vessels, now approaching at full speed. “Sergeant York!” 
	“Yes, sir,” York replied over his radio. 
	“Get on the twin fifties,” 
	Not a full minute had passed before Brett was warming up behind the turret controls.  His aim focused down the circular recticle and revolved until facing the two speedboats.  A deep breath from his lungs, then he squeezed his grip around the firing mechanism. 
	Both cannons pounded off deafening shots fired at a target more than a half mile in distance.  This same type of weapon found use as a sniper rifle back in Vietnam, so it wasn’t easy to miss onboard a mounted structure that provided little recoil.  Firing fully automatic, shell casings littered around his feet.  Within the first twenty shots, his hearing was replaced by a loud ring and a distant craft capsized in the water.  He loosened his grip and waited. 
	Seeing the length they were willing to go, the second speedboat had no problem changing course and returning to a yacht on a slower approach.  The yacht had barely crossed the threshold of a nautical mile’s distance.  On the bow, a marksman had a rifle primed. Robert spotted it too late to change anything. 
	From onboard the Mobile Bay, Ben heard the crack of glass and felt a scrape brush his arm.  He retracted beneath the windows, the stinging like a bee on his upper arm.  The bullet was aimed for his chest, but variable wind saved his life.  Still, it pissed him off that he was taking more bullets than the guy shooting the fifty cal.  He didn’t hesitate to mark the yacht for a perilous fate.  Pressing the button without anyone’s authorization but his own rage, he peeked his head out from cover. 
	Rob and Walt heard the missile launch.  It was too late to abort it, or to determine whether a casualty had been caused by the sniper’s bullet.  The outpost was willing to shoot at them and they were willing to shoot back.  The tragedy of war.  Over a clear sky, the tomahawk showed no relent in its direct path.  Distant splashes in the water confirmed several members of the yacht diving to safety.  In the blink of an eye, what had been there was enveloped in a cloud of smoke and rolling flames. 
	The single speedboat to survive came across the aftermath a few seconds after the deciding blow.  Walt took another glance through his monocular.  He could see a number of survivors being pulled from the water. “Looks like hell isn’t limited to solid ground.” 
	Robert slid his jaw in frustration.  He didn’t want it to come to this.  But wherever they went, a war was sure to follow. “This isn’t over.  They’ll be back.” He also looked through his lens, watching the speedboat depart with five people aboard.  Content that their foes were already gone, he needed to be relieved of more than that. “Report casualties.” 
	“I almost lost my arm,” Ben answered a moment later. “So I shot back.” For the first time, he was accepting his actions as more than equivalent to his shooter’s. “Sorry if I took it too far.” 
	Walt grunted, “We needed to show them what we’re capable of.  Perhaps it’ll dissuade them from coming close to us again.” 
	Terrence looked through a telescope to see another set of splashes in the water.  While the hostile manning the mounted gun on the sunken speedboat was killed by the accident or gunfire, its driver survived the crash. “We’ve got a body in the water,” he reported over Ben’s radio. 
	“Delta,” Walt sent. 
	Chad was quick to respond. “Send traffic, Walt.” 
	“Get him out of the water.  We need to know who we’re dealing with.” 
	“Understood,” Chad looked at members of his team, adjacent to Brett on the fifty cal.  The Sergeant wanted to keep his guard up until he knew they weren’t coming back. “Sanchez, on me.” 
	“Roger that,” Isaac saluted in joke, “Master Sergeant.” 
	Chad froze enough to send him a crude look. “I’m gonna pretend I didn’t hear that.” His rank was far from Master Sergeant.  It was undoubtedly a stab at Chad taking over for Ken Owens.  While most of his squad had accepted Crawford as their new leader, Isaac wasn’t as comfortable.  But Isaac had been on Ken’s team since finishing up his military training.  Change was hard to accept.  This new squad leader had to prove himself to get in Isaac’s good graces.
	Five minutes in passing saw the dark skinned hostile aging no more than twenty get lifted onto the ship.  He was among strangers, and quick to defer any assistance they offered.  His left arm was broken from the crash, and a wide gash along the side of his face was still hemorrhaging blood.  He was first taken to the medical bay, where Scott had a tough time getting him to cooperate. 
	Scott tried to clean the wound, but he was pushed back with more force than he thought a single arm could offer. “Get off me,” His voice of a commanding deep tone. 
	“Don’t treat my medic like that,” Walter ordered authoritatively. “He’s trying to help you.” 
	“My wounds can heal on their own, soldier.” He pushed back Scott a second time. “Don’t test me,” he pointed a finger at Myers. 
	Scott shrugged. “Have it your way, asshole.” The medic relieved himself and exited the medical bay.  Still, a detail of four men armed with M4s and MP5s kept the stranger from departing. 
	“Where’d you come from?” Walt requested. 
	“California,” his defiant retort. 
	Walt sighed, “What was your objective today?” 
	“The moment we saw this vessel, we wanted it for ourselves.” 
	Chad scoffed. “Well, at least you got a free ride out of it.” 
	The man shook his head.  Walt interjected. “You got a name?” 
	“I’d prefer not to tell you people.  Seeing how you’re the bastards that dropped a bomb on Los Angeles, I’d rather die than tell you anything.” 
	Mike hammered his pistol. “I can make that arrangement,” He wasn’t serious, he just hoped to scare the guy straight. 
	Fear didn’t become him, but he gave them a nibble anyway. “They call me Dylan.  And that’s all you’ll get out of me.” 
	“First of all,” Walt raised his index finger. “The Air Force nuked LA, not us.  I didn’t want to see it happen, neither did any of my men.” 
	“Yeah, but you didn’t stop it either.” 
	Isaac interjected, “It was a presidential order, son, don’t put it on us.” 
	“Son?” He retracted the statement, looking Sergeant Sanchez in the eye. “I look twice as old as you, wetback.” 
	Sanchez wasn’t offended in the least. “You got half the brains to drive headlong toward a Navy cruiser thinking you wouldn’t get shot at.” 
	“The government that pays you released that virus, I guarantee it.” 
	“Paid,” Walter corrected. “Past tense.  We don’t get wages, all the taxpayers are dead.” 
	“You’ll admit to that, wouldn’t you?” Walter was caught off guard. “Yeah, I saw what our loyal military was doing on the streets of LA.  The only thing we were trying to do in the city was stop this virus from going worldwide.  And you were putting more bullets in living human beings than zombies.  Containment,” he spat on the floor in disgust, “only long enough to sanction a strategic nuke.” Walter was speechless.  He had followed orders to kill civilians taking matters into their own hands.  Yes, he had questioned the morality of such an order.  But he didn’t stop.  Nor did any of his men.  The failure to yield a defensive response made Dylan smirk. “Thought so.  You’re the pawns of your government.  Monkey say shoot, you ask who.” 
	Walter clenched his teeth.  Outside of the door, Derek had caught the last few exchanges of this conversation.  He saw the Staff Sergeant’s enraged look upon leaving the room without another word.  Moments later, Derek stepped through the door. “I’m not part of their military,” he spoke directly. “Tell me why you want this ship.” 
	“We’ve made it this long by making a society.  Society needs defense.” 
	“Tell me about it,” Derek’s mind flashed back to the grave of Katie for a moment. 
	Dylan shook his head. “Why would I tell you, so you can bury them just like you buried my men?” 
	“It’s a figure of speech.  We’re not so different.” 
	Dylan caught something familiar in Derek’s appearance.  But he wasn’t about to exploit a strange coincidence. “We used to be the same.  Back when the United States were still united.  There’s nothing the same of us now.” 
	“How many of your people are there?” 
	“How many do you have?” 
	Seeing that Dylan wasn’t at risk of escape, he relinquished this information in hopes of getting his request answered. “About forty.” 
	“Four thousand.” He saw the worried look develop over Derek’s face and grinned wide. “That’s right.  We’ve got a living, functioning society back where I’m from.  Ain’t quite Orange County, but we make it last.” 
	Derek nodded. “So, what made you think you could take this ship from us.” 
	“Faith,” Dylan replied. “A lot of us still believe there’s a God out there.” 
	Derek smirked, folded arms, and leaned against the far wall. “Who’s side is he on?” 
	“God doesn’t take sides.  He’s been on ours from the beginning.” He wiped a stain of blood from his face onto his shirt still drenched in seawater. 
	“We came out here to avoid a war.  I see it didn’t take you long to shove us right back into one.” 
	Dylan laughed out loud. “You call this a war?  Well, then you started it.  You fired the first shots.” 
	“The first shot was a warning shot.  Trust me, your people had the chance to back off.” 
	“I hope you can live with that.  Because my people will be back.  They will come more prepared…and they will kill you.  Every…single…one.” 
	“That’s a tough bargain, considering the tech they showed up with.  Three boats versus a military ship?  The only reason you got a shot off is because one of yours was a sharpshooter.  We’ve got plenty of those, too.” 
	“Let’s just say, you’re in for a surprise.  Remember this.  It’s not gonna be pretty once you see who you messed with.” 
	Derek’s cheek twitched in a mix of bad thoughts.  Fear, anger, and suspense.  He sent the others inside a look. “Chad, put this muppet in the tank.” 
	With a shake of his head, Chad was somewhat taken off guard. “Where’s the tank.” He wasn’t one who necessarily explored this ship, but rather just used it for a good dinner and an uncomfortable bed.  Needless to say, Dylan was amused by their seeming ineptitude and Derek wasn’t rested of his woe.  Luckily, Mike and Aaron knew better and quickly dragged the chuckling man from his seat on the bed. 
	As the group withdrew, Derek took to the bridge.  His next measure was to see if Ben was in good shape.  Already there, Walter was walking back and forth across the room in an upset mood.  Not too far away, Robert was leaned up against the far wall with a concerned look on his face. “What’s the prognosis?” Rob asked as soon as he saw Derek cross the threshold.  Derek had earlier requested permission to interrogate the suspect instead of Robert himself. 
	“It’s not good,” Derek sent an unsure look through Robert’s vision. “He says they’ve got at least four thousand people.” 
	Walter and Robert froze upon hearing this statement.  Ben was taken aback as well. “We don’t have unlimited ammunition, hoss.” 
	“He wouldn’t budge on where he’s from,” Derek added. 
	“A population like that.  Where could they be on water?” 
	Walt took a step toward the window. “It’s on an island.” He knew he was right. 
	Robert lifted off the wall and turned around to view a map of the surrounding coast of California.  He scratched his head until discerning two factors that didn’t appeal to him.  Santa Catalina and San Clemente. “Well, I’m looking at the silver lining for now.  The most they did was scratch us.”
	“Easy for you to say,” Ben lifted his right arm to show a wrap of gauze.  He stepped out of the bridge with that. 
	“Yeah, but you’re not thinking about it,” Walter committed. “San Clemente is used as a Naval reserve with an airstrip…and SEAL teams train there.  Not to mention its proximity to the mainland.  We could be going up against the baddest mothers around.” 
	“That’s not true,” Robert shook his head. “Because we’re the baddest ones around.  We’ve got a ship loaded for war,” he hesitated. “And we’ve got a pilot.” 
	“What are you thinking?” Derek requested. 
	Robert nodded. “If Gus can fly one of those choppers, we’ve got something else in our favor.  Air and mobility.  We could recon their setup.” 
	“San Clemente was an active sonar base and military airport, for all we know it still is.  They’d see us coming in.” 
	“Not if we came in low.” 
	“I’m not comfortable with a rookie flying under the radar.” 
	Robert looked out the far window.  In a distance, he visualized Huntington beach for what it had been before. “Since when are you comfortable with anything these days?  We need to know what we’re up against.  We’ve got some explosives.  If we come across something we don’t like, we can rig it to blow.  But four thou, that’s a civilization.  We can’t just blow the island to kingdom come without knowing what’s out there.” Robert nodded at the map. 
	Walter looked at it as well, and was sure to point out four parts of the map. “Last time I was there was for some field trip the Army sent me on.  From what I remember, the north half of the island got the most attention.  Here,” pointing to a section in the middle of the island, “there was an airstrip.  They built a new one at the north edge of the island sometime around world war two era.  That’s what the tour guide told me, anyway.” He could vaguely remember its exact position. “About here.  There’s a main road we can follow should we get lost.” 
	“What about this?” Robert put his finger on a small inlet to the northeast.  The aerial photography showed a pontoon. 
	“I reckon that’s where the SEAL teams were training.  There’s a whole complex in that region.” 
	“Anything else?” 
	“Last time I was there was back in ‘02.  Anything could be anything.” 
	“We need to be ready to go tonight,” Robert confirmed.  The others were put off. 
	“Tonight?” Derek asked. “Bobby, we don’t even know if Gus can fly.” 
	“Well, we’ve got a lot of sunlight to figure it out.  And if the prisoner is right, we can expect a retaliation sooner than later.” Robert reached for his walkie. “Gus, meet us on the helipad.  You get to fly today.” 
	Gus was stunned, sitting in his seat in the mess hall.  Everyone looked at him, some with worry, others with enthusiasm.  A wide grin spread over his face. “I understand.” 
	Robert shook his head. “Not enough.  We’ll tell you what’s going on when we get there. Lexie?” 
	“Go ahead, Bobby,” she replied after swallowing another bite of eggs. 
	“I’ll need to speak with you and Farad about something.  That goes for Jacob as well.” 
	Walt grunted before sending his own message. “Logan, Crawford, meet us there.” 
	Within the next two minutes, Gus was already hard at work checking his instruments.  He wanted to be prepared, and he wanted to look prepared.  Lexie, Farad, and Jacob were the second to arrive, shortly followed by the two Staff Sergeants Walter had requested.  They waited but a few seconds before Rob, Walt, and Derek were among the party. 
	Rob cleared his throat. “We’ve got a situation that requires immediate attention.” 
	“Is this about the prisoner?” Lexie asked. 
	“Yes,” Rob nodded. “From what he told us, we believe his base of operation is on the San Clemente Naval reserve.  And the threats he’s dishing out could be fiction, but we’re not going to take a chance with this one.  San Clemente has two airfields, and he claims they have a population of at least four thousand people.” 
	“So,” Michael shrugged, “what are we supposed to do?” 
	“We’re going in tonight for a reconnaissance operation and sabotage, if necessary.” 
	“Robert hasn’t mentioned to us the challenges of this operation.  Firstly, we need a pilot who knows what he’s doing.  One that can stay under the radar and fly at night.” 
	Gus felt a shiver run up his spine. “I’ve only ever trained for flight in the day.” He was tossed a pair of night vision goggles from Robert. 
	“It’s daylight again,” Rob gestured. “Mind you, it’s a little green.  San Clemente is about fifty miles away from us now.  As it’s a sonar base, we can use Catalina to block the Mobile Bay’s signal.  Once we dock in Avalon Bay, Gus will fly us in, drop us off and return to the Mobile Bay until we call for an extraction.” 
	“You’re putting a lot of faith in someone we haven’t even seen fly yet.” 
	Robert slid open the rear compartment and took a seat. “Take us up, pilot.” Gus was petrified for a moment.  His moment to shine had finally come.  He strapped himself into the right seat, and Walter stepped into the co-pilot’s seat a moment later. 
	“What do you want me to do?” He ignited the engines.  The turbines whined, and heat waves immediately became visible to the members stepping away from the helipad.  Up top, the helicopter’s rotors began to spin. 
	Walt threw on a headset. “For now, let’s just keep it simple.  Lift off, circle the rig, and set her back down on the cruiser.  Does this thing have an altimeter?” 
	The pilot had fitted his own headset on before sending Walter a grin. “Yes, sir.  Every aircraft has an altimeter.” 
	“Right,” Walt didn’t retract his previous statement. “Sorry, but you’ll have to get a crash course on low altitude.” 
	“Just make sure you don’t crash,” Rob’s voice registered through the same headset. 
	“Do my best, Sergeant.” The rotors took several moments to pick up enough thrust.  Carefully, Gus pushed for more throttle.  Suddenly the weightlessness of flight surrounded them.  Robert’s boots hung a few meters off the deck while his ears partially deafened with a sound-reducing headset on.  Back on the ship, the others were covering their eyes from the picked up wind.  It became a spectacle as nobody, besides November platoon, had seen a helicopter or any other aircraft for that matter for more than a year. 
	The craft steadily climbed until exceeding one hundred feet.  Gus was careful to avoid the antennas on the cruiser, and still saw the platform’s crane as a potential hazard.  Slowly, he pushed the stick forward, adjusting the rotors’ angle and dipping the nose forward.  Robert looked out over the sea, his vantage increased by miles.  From this position, he could see the section of Los Angeles vaporized by ground zero. 
	In the middle of his first flight in an endless time on the ground, Gus beamed wide.  His heart had never pumped faster, but he’d never been so thrilled with something in his life.  Though the world had ended, his dream of becoming a pilot met with success.  The craft kept clear of the oil rig, and Walt found the pilot constantly checking his clearance from glances up at the spinning blades and down through the floor. 
	Gus accomplished his first task in less than two minutes, but the hard part was yet to come.  Robert withdrew his legs into the craft as it returned to a hover above the helipad, in opposite the direction it had been before liftoff.  Gus tapped the anti-torque pedals gently, slowly rotating the craft 180 degrees.  Then, the descent began.  Neither Rob nor Walt were prepared for its rapid descent.  But Gus adjusted his rate of fall before any major accident could happen.  Setting its wheels back on the solid surface, Gus sent Walter a look. “How did I do?” 
	“It’s acceptable,” Walter didn’t want to give him too much credit.  That would give Gus an ego. 
	“It’ll have to do for the op tonight.” Robert called over the radio before stepping out of the craft.  On the ship, several of the audience were applauding Gus’s flight.  It had accomplished little, but faith was restored, as was more control in a combat situation. 
	In fifteen minutes, the unit had returned to the bridge with Gus still bearing the same wide smile on his face.  Ben began setting the ship to cruise for Santa Catalina while the debrief went through. “I don’t want to select anyone for this mission.  This is more suicidal than anything we’ve attempted before.  I’d rather they volunteer.” 
	“You won’t see Michael or Chad backing out of this,” Walter shook his head. “They’re more than ready.” Both Logan and Crawford sent Robert a confirming nod. 
	Jacob smirked. “You don’t have to ask me, Bobby.  I’ve been lying in wait for the first shot to go off.” 
	Last in the group, Robert made eye contact with Lexie. “I’m in,” she nodded her head. 
	Neither Robert nor Chad were content to hear this.  They more expected Farad to take the job. “Wait,” Chad raised a hand. “You don’t have to be part of this.” 
	“I want to,” Lexie confirmed. 
	“But--” 
	“But what?” She asked. “I don’t get to join you because I’m a girl?” 
	“No,” Chad shook his head. “I don’t want you to, because I have feelings for you.” 
	Robert would have interjected, but the understanding of Chad’s interest with Lexie was now apparent to him.  Though Rob didn’t want to forget or leave Nicole, he wanted to know love again.  But now, the truth was known.  He shut his mouth and took a step back.
	Lexie scoffed. “Vic had feelings for me, too.  But he didn’t hold me back.” 
	“Things are different now than they were in the outpost,” Rob shed some light. “If we get made during this op, chances are the six of us will be going up against a thousand guns, maybe air support too.” 
	“Like it or not,” she stamped her foot. “I’m going.” Silence filled the air for a few moments.  Chad wasn’t going to convince her, she was too stubborn. 
	“Fine,” Chad withdrew, arms folded with a disgruntled look on his face. 
	Walt stepped toward the map of San Clemente. “Gus, listen up.  You’re going to bring us in low, stay under the cliff edge until here.” He designated a spot on the east side of the island, midway down the nineteen mile long land mass. “Might be kinda hard to tell where exactly.  Our first objective is an airstrip in the middle of the island.  From there, we’ll move north to three other objectives.  Hate to pressure you, Gus, but you need to keep under the radar if we have any hope of success.” 
	“I won’t get any lower than fifty feet.” 
	“That’s more than enough,” Walt committed. “As soon as we offload, you get back to the ship and wait for our call.  Primary extraction zone will be here,” pointing at the northernmost end of the island, at a small peninsula. “Should we be discovered and that location is overrun before you arrive, we need a secondary.  That will be here,” a beach opposite the docking station and facilities. “The white sands should give it up.  If you’re still lost, we’ll mark the LZ with an infrared strobe.” 
	“From the time you call it in until I reach the airspace, you may have to wait ten minutes or longer.” Gus calculated the distance as well as the helicopter’s top speed. 
	“We’ll deal with it.  Just get your ass to the LZ when we call for pickup.” 
	“That’s a lot of ground to cover on foot,” Lexie admitted. 
	“Between five and ten miles,” Jacob shrugged. “I’ve been through worse.” 
	“Our biggest concern is the method of infiltration.  We can stay below the radar all we want, but helicopters still make a lot of noise.” 
	“Our infiltration should have the cliffs to mask us coming in.  But,” Rob nodded. “I am putting a lot of faith in our pilot.” 
	Gus rubbed his head for a few seconds. “I guess that makes me the play-maker.” 
	“Yeah,” Jacob nodded, “and you’d better keep your head down on the way to pick us up.  I don’t plan on swimming out of there.” He scanned the room. “Do you have anything else to add, Walt?” The Staff Sergeant shook his head. “Then everyone suit up.  Pack extra ammo and prepare yourself for night ops.  The moon isn’t shedding any light on us tonight.” 

Day 433 Part II
Shadowed Isle

	The sun was set and blackness had taken the horizon.  Prior to midnight, the Seahawk had lifted off with its eight crew.  Making up the last member of the team, Brett was positioned behind the mini-gun.  Through the distant span of water tinted green through his night vision wear, Gus was the first to see waves breaking on the shoreline.  He keyed up on the microphone. “I see the island.” 
	“Copy that,” Walt peered his head out into the heavily whipping wind.  He had yet to fit his night vision, but white water was significant of land.  He attached a sound suppressor to his assault rifle. “Three minutes to touchdown,” an accurate guess. 
	The helicopter shifted course before it could fly headlong into the steep, rocky incline.  Robert looked out as the landscape passed.  He could barely remember the last time he flew in a helicopter.  Three years and ten months ago, roughly a week before his Gunnery Sergeant’s martyrdom. 
	Ageless time drew by in silence among the fire team.  One might call it pre-game jitters.  Six people going against odds they couldn’t hope to count, let alone fight.  As a last resort, the Mobile Bay was stationed at a closer range to launch artillery at the island.  But the missiles would take time crossing a span of thirty miles.  Chad shot Lexie a glance.  She returned him one, though not of a friendly nor rude gesture.  Her eyes were committed to the task at hand. Almost brought some of her old days to mind. 
	Prepare for the worst, hope for the best.  Rob’s stomach lurched with the chopper’s rapid cut in speed and jump in elevation.  All reserve lighting, including indoor and cockpit were shut down upon it’s appearance over the cliffs.  From his seat, legs dangling off the edge, Rob scanned the terrain for a suitable area and fitted his own vision enhancement in front of his right eye.  Thankfully the landing zone wasn’t too rough.  In the distance, some vague lighting seemed to illuminate the crest of their horizon.  Before him, the turf slowly grew closer and closer. 
	“Touchdown,” Gus called it in a split second before the wheels thumped on solid ground.  Rob and Chad dismounted first, taking a primary defensive stance in a kneel one meter away from the transport.  Behind, the sounds of their teammates stepping off went unheard, but the message was relayed by tapping on their shoulders.  Walt looked through the passenger window and made eye contact with Gus before showing the pilot a thumbs up.  Gus nodded, “Good hunting.” He pulled up,  rising slightly over the turf before spinning around and disappearing under the cliff’s edge.  The rotors sounds cut drastically in that same moment. 
	A half bit unprepared, Jacob walked with no worries.  He squeezed a fresh bullet into his secondary M4.  Moments later, the primary of his trademark sniper rifle was back in hand while the assault rifle was slung on his back.  Being the highest official rank in their unit of six, he had no problem taking the first steps of a leader.  He noticed that even Robert showed a bit of anxiety in his demeanor.  Regardless of his gallant behavior that had served him well for decades of wartime, Jacob couldn’t lie to himself.  He was just as scared as they were. 
	They crossed the gap of a quarter mile in a minute and a half at a steady pace.  Before them a few meters stood a dirt road.  And beyond that, a complex drenched in floodlights.  An airfield, dirt stained and unkempt, across a paved roadway from a series of buildings.  Jacob calibrated his rifle’s aim after calculating the actual distance of human targets to range bearings in his scope. “Well,” he sighed before rolling onto his back on the opposite side of the hilltop. “At least we made it here alright.” 
	Robert retracted his sniper’s view, and Walter and Chad were also getting a look through binoculars. “There isn’t as much here as I’d expect to be.” Walt scan of the entire airfield showed little but two Cobra attack choppers on the tarmac. 
	“Those birds would be a pain in the ass, promise you that.” Jacob recognized the severity of this threat. 
	“Any idea how to get to them?” Walt suggested. 
	“I thought that was your job,” Jacob sent him a smirk.  He looked back through the scope.  The two attack helicopters had a security detail of six men. “If we want to get close, we’ll need to shut down the power.” The roadway alongside the paved entrance carried a two guard patrol.  There were a lot more people here than anyone wanted, and mobility would be limited with so much light. 
	“Shut down the power, there’ll be a riot.” Chad withdrew and secured a silencer to his pistol. “We’ll need to split up to get this done as soon as the lights go out.” 
	“Right,” Jacob looked at the southern structure to find three sniper teams on watchtowers surrounding the perimeter. “Chad, take Lexie and start toward the Cobras.  There’s a ditch next to the roadway.  We’ll cover you to the staging area where you can set your charges to blow.  Walt, you and Mike go for the power controls.” 
	Walter remembered landing at this airstrip and exploring several buildings for his day on the island.  It was starting to come back to him, so it wouldn’t take him long to find the main source. “You see those sniper teams?” 
	“We got ‘em.  Move up and let us know when you’re ready to go.” 
	Lexie dashed across the desolate roadway before anyone had risen to a stand.  Behind her, Chad felt a little foolish to be following his inferior.  That’s what he liked about Lexie, though.  She was nobody’s inferior.  Southwest, Walter and Michael sprinted across the dry desert landscape.  The roadway wasn’t lit, which gave them clear passage through a security checkpoint.  They had about a half mile to travel before being in the edge of darkness. 
	Down into a drainage ditch, Lexie sent Chad a smile. “Am I making you look bad?” 
	Chad shook his head, “That spunk is gonna get you killed one of these days.  Or it’s gonna get me killed.” 
	She started walking in a low crouch, to keep most of her body beneath line of sight. “I don’t think I’ve ever seen you in this element.  You play a dumb jock pretty good when you’re not in combat.” 
	“Not now, Gibbs.” 
	Lexie scoffed. “That might be the first time you’ve ever called me by my last name.” 
	Robert looked up and down the path of the demo team while Jacob got the electricians’ backs.  They hadn’t moved, and their position had a limited angle at best.  Fortunately everyone in their squad was capable of carrying out their job.  But it didn’t wash away the numbers opposing them in any way.  Sticking along the roadside, Lexie and Chad got a warning from Robert only a blink of an eye before having the time to respond. “Incoming,” 
	Lexie and Chad hit the dirt just as headlights glimmered across them.  Chad could have sworn he’d been made.  The truck stopped only a few feet from their location.  He held his breath as dirt crunched beneath a set of boots. “You see my torch?” asked the hostile who left his vehicle. 
	“We don’t have the time to go chasing rabbits,” replied the one in the driver’s seat. 
	“I swear I saw something.” 
	Lexie had her finger squeezing on the trigger.  She was a few feet ahead of Chad and had a clear visual of the searching guard.  But if the guns fired now, their entire operation might as well be scrubbed. “Get back in the truck,” the driver ordered sternly. “Carver wants us back at the north airfield.  We need to fit munitions aboard Hercules for a bombing run.” 
	Chad exchanged Lexie a worried glance.  Another moment passed quietly before the suspicious guard nodded. “I guess you’re right.” The door slammed shut, and the automobile lurched forward.  Chad was allowed a breath of relief. 
	Lexie invaded the communications. “Robert, we’ve got a problem.” 
	“What is it?” Rob scanned the roadway and found Lexie looking back through the darkness at him.  Walter and Mike had stopped short of the gated perimeter as well to listen in.  Ahead of them ten meters, a two man patrol armed with M16 assault rifles wandered the parking lot aimlessly. 
	“They’re organizing a bombing run.  My guess is they’re going after the rig.” 
	Robert shifted uneasily in his stance.  Jacob nudged his elbow, “Don’t get paranoid on me, Bobby.” The Marine clicked his radio on, “The cruiser will spot them before they can drop their payload.  Confirm, Ben.” 
	From the Mobile Bay’s command center, Ben nodded his head. “Copy that, radar’s not picking up anything yet.” 
	Walt keyed up, “We’re in position, Major.” 
	Robert and Jacob both focused their attention on the three guard towers above. “Is your weapon silenced?” Jake asked Rob. 
	“Yes.” 
	“Far right tower,” He took a deep breath, focusing on the two targets standing with no clear-cut intention of search on their minds. “Take the one on the right.  On three.” 
	Walter was watching through his own night scope.  The countdown was lost on him, but both heads lifelessly disappeared from his view in the blink of an eye.  He kept composed, shifting his view long enough to see the next guard tower.  These two were more ethical about their duties, but didn’t see it coming either.  Another pair off the list. 
	Jacob returned his view to the first guard tower just to make sure.  A glimpse of the second brought no bad omens to his eyesight. “Third tower.  One guy’s roaming.  I’ll take him.” Robert focused on the first guard looking out, directly facing the locale of Walt’s team.  A silent whistle informed him of Jacob’s shot, to which he quickly replied and dropped his target. “Good shooting, Bobby.” 
	“I learnt from the best.” 
	“That’s too kind.” 
	Robert scoffed. “I’m not talking about you.  I’m talking about George McGill.” 
	“Never heard of him.” 
	“You wouldn’t,” Robert replied. “He died to save me.” 
	Jacob reported it. “Enemy sniper teams are out of commission.  Good luck in there, Walt.” 
	“Copy that,” Walt waited another few moments for the two man patrol to turn their backs.  With haste, he and Mike sprinted into the lot.  Their first cover set them behind an SUV, twenty feet shy of the guard post.  They didn’t want to engage these guys and leave a couple of bodies in the middle of a brightly lit parking lot.  Peering his head around, he was grateful to see them both walk away, to a farther structure.  Walt withdrew. “Stay right behind me,” 
	Mike nodded. “Hoo-ah.” He kept a space of a foot between him and Walt.  The Staff Sergeant took another look around in time to see the door shut.  Suddenly, he burst out of cover.  Both shot across the lot, unintentionally running right through an active security camera’s peripheral.  The guard in the booth was too busy skimming through a magazine to notice the intruders on his feed.
	The Staff Sergeant slowly swung open a door into a maintenance room.  A long hall, filled with industrial lights giving off a puke yellow aura. “This is it,” Mike jogged toward the end of the hall with his rifle raised.  At the far edge, he put his back to the wall.  Mike sent a look back down the twenty foot corridor.  They had bypassed two doors and were wary if someone crossed the beaten path behind them. 
	Inside the next room, Walt was immediately confronted by a half dozen levers.  All of which were pushed to a signifying ‘on’ label.  Smaller identifying labels registered them as different sections of the airstrip and complex. “We’re ready to go dark,” Walt called it in. 
	“Understood,” Jake answered. “Chad, we’ve got you covered.” 
	Chad slipped the night vision amplification behind his eyes, fully aware that they were about to be in pitch black again. “Copy that.” 
	Walt nodded to Mike at the opposite end of the six levers. “Pull them all and let’s get the hell out.” He jerked with all his force. In that instant, half of the airstrip was left in darkness.  Mike’s pull in sync with Walter’s shut down the external lighting to the complex they occupied.  In quick manner, the four others were set to off.  When Walt switched the last, the room they were in went black.  Both applied vision enhancements and quickly started out the way they came. 
	Jacob and Robert saw the six man detachment around the Cobra’s behavior change as soon as the lights went out.  And while Jake was constricted to firing a bolt action rifle, Rob’s was semi-automatic.  It wasn’t hard to take out four men in the open at the same rate it took the Marine to kill two.  Rob hit his radio moments after scanning each body on the ground. “Chad, you’re clear.” 
	Lexie was ahead again, this time by a space of more than ten feet.  While Chad kept an eye on the roadway for another potential mishap, she was stocked and ready to go.  Her hands were occupied not by a rifle, but by the two charges.  In twenty seconds, they reached the open hangar where both attack helicopters had been carted forward.  She applied each of the charges on the underbelly of both craft.  The explosives were adhesive so the helicopter wouldn’t shake them off in flight.  She sprinted past Chad without so much as a pat on the back.  From his defensive kneel, he jumped back to his feet and was close behind. 
	Just reaching the door they had entered through, Walter spun around upon hearing another door slam.  The heavy metal of the nearest inner door impacted the wall with enough force to shake the floor.  He saw a flashlight peering through and quickly removed his night vision scope before the light could blind him.  Mike wasn’t so quick, but had his weapon aimed at the point of entry.
	They sent two bursts at each of their targets.  Mike’s second was off target, having his right eye go blind from a flashlight across his enhancement.  Walter made up for the slack, pounding another three silenced gunshots into the reeling target.  Against their intentions, the second man was a hair-trigger from firing back.  His sentence of a bullet lodged in his sternum squeezed the trigger and fired off five explosively loud shots.  Walter led the retreat at full speed, and Mike was only behind him five feet with his right hand covering his blinded eye. 
	“What the hell was that?” Robert looked through the scope.  The accidental discharge was heard even from this distance.  He could see both teams retreating, and Mike showed the signs of an injury to his face in his run. 
	“We were engaged,” Walt answered. 
	Jacob lifted to a stand. “That’s not good.  We need to double time it to the next objective.” As quickly as the three teams had merged back into one, they were sprinting through the darkness to their next objective.  A journey nearly three miles away, over hostile and unforgiving terrain.  Pushing themselves to the limit, they managed the journey in just over twenty minutes. 
	Back at the tarmac, a darkly skinned man sent a look over the two bodies.  Only flashlights laid eyes upon them.  The full system’s shutdown needed a manual reboot even after the fuses had been turned back on.  Something that would take another fifteen at least.  He wasn’t a forensics expert, but something was odd.  A power grid shut off and two bodies were left in its wake.  And as both of these men were trustful in the highest, they wouldn’t turn on one another. 
	He swung the lamp across cylinder casings lined across the floor.  The cartridges didn’t match the discharged 7.62s of an AK-47. “We’ve got company,” his tone was colder and more vengeful than Dylan’s, but they couldn’t be told apart. 
	“From who?” 
	The man shook his head. “I don’t know.  Have our scouting parties run into anything?” 
	“One of our coastline details ran into some trouble.” His eyes spun around angrily to match eyes with the speaker. “A Navy cruiser.  We lost two boats.” 
	“Where was this?” 
	“Just off Huntington Beach…it was your Dylan’s unit.” 
	A look of worry didn’t fall upon his eyes.  It was blood red with anger. “We need to find these bastards before they kill again.” 
	The unit sat opposite a layer of brush on the roadside.  Ahead of them, four hundred meters, a large campsite complete with a handful of installations predating society’s fall.  Floodlights and fires lit different areas throughout the complex. “Jesus.” Chad was shocked. 
	“Looks like Dylan wasn’t joking.” Walter clenched his teeth.  The number were spread out across a wide berth of several acres, the tents measured more than three hundred. 
	“We’ll handle them if time permits,” Jacob continued forward. “Our timetable had advanced, and there’s nothing of value here.” The other five squad members reminisced on the moment before following their leader.  As they were crossing the paved road and disappearing into the medium terrain, a detail of three jeeps soon pulled in behind them. 
	A mile and quarter shot by at about the same rate, landing them just outside of the next encampment in eight minutes.  Jacob collected his breath before peering through his rifle scope.  From here, he could see the docking station and two clusters of buildings spread out across the landscape.  Floodlights kept the docking station well lit, showing a matching number of boats.  Speedboats, fishing trawlers, luxury yachts.  And further out in the water, three more sets of lights blinked. 
	Walt looked through his night optics and monocular together.  None of the vessels further out carried strict armament.  Simple cargo freighters, lined with an array of colorful trailers.  The vast multitude of smaller craft nearly all had a similar weapons platform or armor plating welded onto the body. “This is going to get bad,” Jacob forewarned. 
	“How do you want to approach this?” Robert asked. 
	Jacob shook his head. “We can’t.  We’d be spotted before we even got close to the dock.” He looked back at the road to see four jeeps driving at a rapid speed.  They gunned it adjacent to the squad by only a few meters. “That airstrip up north is the problem.” He watched the headlights disappear into the distance. “They know we’re here.  Which means we need to get to the airfield and stop that bomber from taking off.” 
	They had a mile and a half before their final objective.  Each footstep past stretched their muscles.  A final run was always the toughest, and always the longest.  Crossing smooth terrain with a vague sight of beams lighting their most prudent destination. 
	The power grid jumped back to life, imprinting six dead corpses lying next to a pair of attack helicopters.  Other eyes had yet to sweep that location, as they were still trying to uncover the motive of two dead a couple hundred meters away.  In the security booth, a computer technician logged back the tapes several minutes from their last recording.  From his seat, eyes went wide and jaw dropped.  Paused, Walter and Mike in the middle of a run across the parking lot.  The technician called it in over the radio. “Sniper teams, report.” 
	The squad of six froze at the edge of the hilltop and dropped.  Nobody but one had a clear location on the source of the noise. “What the hell was that?” Jacob asked. 
	Lexie growled. “I took a radio off one of the guards.” She increased the volume and listened in.  The rest of the squad was inclined to do the same. 
	“Sniper teams covering the south cordon, do you copy?” The technician looked back at the monitors and scanned through the individual recordings.  Five further, he gasped.  In that moment, he triggered the alarm for the building.  It would report further down throughout the installations in a matter of seconds. “Intruders have killed our personnel!  All units, respond!” 
	Every one in the recon team recognized the sounds.  The quiet part was over.  Over the ridge, Jacob looked back through his scope and saw a red light blaring an alarm on the runway within a second of the report going out. “Lexie, blow the charges.” She clicked the remote detonator.  In response, both craft exploded into a thousand pieces, frying the nearby camera and its operator’s viewpoint. 
	“We’re not getting past that airfield to our extraction,” Walt confirmed it after seeing several bodies converging around the airport. 
	“We’re not getting to that bomber,” Jacob located the aircraft of choice.  A C-130 Hercules, the ramp open to give way for the ammunition.  Jacob scanned the munitions. “Cluster bombs.  The Mobile Bay won’t be able to stop those once it’s in the air.” 
	Robert was defiant. “Then the Mobile Bay needs to stop it now.” He perked up on the radio. “Mobile Bay, do you copy?” 
	“That’s affirmative,” Terrence spoke in unison with Ben. 
	“We have identified a high priority target, requesting artillery support.” 
	“Ooh,” Ben chuckled. “Something to do.” 
	The sniper pulled out an IR painter. “Marking the target now.  Be aware, the target may be taking off before the missiles get here.” 
	A split second before it was confirmed by the Tomahawk’s system.  Ben registered the exact location on his radar. “One away,” It’s loud crack echoed over the Mobile Bay, disappearing above the peaks of Santa Catalina. 
	Below deck, a figure walked in the darkness, the butt of a pistol in his grip.  He appeared from the black only long enough to lunge behind a foe.  The unconscious body of Aaron was overtaken by a footstep.  Through the bulkhead the soldier had been guarding, the figure raised his weapon. “Move it.” 
	Dylan was led to the top deck, his masked leader careful through every corridor he walked. “Who are you?” Dylan asked.  The masked man didn’t respond, instead leading him up a set of stairs.  In a matter of seconds, they were on the top floor.  At the end of the bow, Dylan’s sixth sense sneered at him.  Something was wrong. “Where’s your ride out?” 
	“I don’t need one,” Derek threw the mask from his face.  He applied a silencer to his weapon and raised it. “Now I ask you the real question.  You know me from somewhere.  I saw it in your eyes.” 
	The prisoner raised his arms. “I don’t know you.  But killing me is sealing your fate.  My brother will destroy you.” 
	“I’ll take my chances.” Derek pressed the weapon to Dylan’s chin. “I used to have something worth living for,” he whispered sinisterly, “I used to have something to care about. I lost my friends…I lost my love…I lost my children to this plague.” Dylan finally registered the familiarity. 
	“No,” Dylan yelled, “wait!” He was silenced, three suppressed rounds forced into his abdomen and chest.  He took a few steps back, reeled in pain.  Dylan’s voice was lost, all he could do was stare down at the red trickling down his stained shirt.  A single arm gripped the bar and leaned on it with all the strength fading quickly. 
	“You wouldn’t deny me revenge,” Derek kicked Dylan in the chest, knocking his balance off and thrusting him over the edge of the cruiser.  A soft splash hit the water deep below.  Derek holstered his weapon, picked up the three shell casings, and threw them overboard.  Not another look around, he knew he was safe from blame.  And he’d done the only thing nobody would agree on, for their sake.  At least, that’s what he hoped. 

Day 434
Hunted

 	Inside the briefing room, everyone could hear a foreign sound.  The first to look outside, Dylan’s brother spotted an orb streaking through the sky at high speed. “Down!” He yelled only a split second before the missile arced downward.  Its course didn’t go astray, impacting the fuselage of the C-130 half way along it’s takeoff track.  Her payload was ignited by the first explosion and set off the fuel tank as well.  A vast array of rolling flames accompanied the wrecked bomber, skidding it to a stop just short of taking flight. 
	Carver looked up from his cover through the cracked pane of glass. “Damn it.” He shot a look back at the stunned members of his unit. “Is our satellite in position.” 
	“Yes,” spoke one after typing at a computer for a moment. 
	“Run a thermal scan of the island.  Any anomalies, I want to hear about it.” 
	“Carver!” A radio blared. “They blew up our attack choppers.” 
	“All of them?” Carver requested. 
	“Two Cobras.  They didn’t see the ones closed up.” 
	“Our bomber is out of commission.  I want one of those choppers in the air right now!” 
	“Under whose authority?” 
	“Mine,” Carver replied solemnly. “Kevin was onboard the plane.  That puts me in offensive command.” 
	“Copy that,” Back at the original airfield, a truck towed an AH-64 out of a recently opened hangar.  The pilot was strapping a night-operations helmet over his head.  As he buckled it on, a voice perked up. 
	“Pilot, give me your name.” 
	“It’s Brian, sir.” The pilot hoisted himself into the seat.  Behind him, the co-pilot didn’t have all the training in the world, but could manage logistics from his seat in the back. 
	“A Naval strike destroyed our bombing aircraft.  Their systems may be able to track you as well.” 
	“Thank you for the heads up, sir.” He closed the canopy and fired the engines. “I have no problem understanding our objective tonight.  They’ve killed some friends of mine.” 
	“We’ll have a vector for you within the next couple of minutes.” Carver stepped back over the computer where a high resolution infrared scan was being produced from a hijacked government spy satellite. 
	Jacob took his eye out of the viewfinder. “Target destroyed, Mobile Bay.  Nice shot.  Gus, rendezvous with us at the secondary extraction point.  There’s going to be a lot of heat at the north end of the island, so keep your head low and swing around to pick us up.” 
	Gus fired up the engines.  The call came in a lot sooner than he expected, and the show aboard the cruiser didn’t leave him any room for error.  He knew what to expect: they’d probably be waiting for him. “Understood, Major.  I’ll be there in ten minutes.” He pushed the throttle, maintained a firm read on the torque pedals, and lifted off with ease.  At his current rate of climb, it appeared he would be short to overtake the nearest mountain peak of Catalina. 
	In the back seat, Brett had yet to retake his post.  Instead, he nervously watched the island’s mountain looming closer. “Gus, pull up.” Gus refused to answer, but did lessen up his forward thrust enough that they skimmed over the edge and started to descend to the ocean. “Never a dull moment with you.” 
	Robert led the pack by a half meter.  Taking up the rear, Walter and Mike kept a vigilant eye on their six.  To the southeast, beams of headlights flashed brilliantly over a horizon closer than comfortable.  Without warning, one of the glows of blocked light on the horizon was exchanged for full illumination of a pair of headlights. “Son of a bitch,” Walter spoke.  He and Mike dropped to a knee and started to fire, bullets peppering the windshield.
	“Got ‘em,” the driver turned his angle to avoid suffering a shot through the glass. “Southwest of the airfield!” 
	Carver stepped into a dune buggy, his passenger remotely controlling a mounted MG on the roof of their vehicle.  A digital readout gave him a clear view from the camera at its side. “We’re en route,” Carver gunned the gas, speeding away from the airfield and its molten debris while personnel on site tried to extinguish the fires. 
	Robert and the others heard the exchange.  But they were too exposed to stop.  Firing on the run wasn’t accurate, but neither was hitting a target on the move.  He slid behind some solid cover of a raised hill.  Beside him, Lexie had no sign of fear.  She removed her silencer from the assault rifle in her arms. “Suppressors are just gonna kill our range.” She raised enough to let out a burst of shots. 
	At a distance measuring less than one hundred yards, a convoy of five trucks and ATVs had dismounted.  Fifteen barrels exploded in the distance and more vehicles appeared to be closing in behind.  Walt, who had yet to move, fell back from a twinge of hurt.  Not too far away, Michael heard Walter’s grunt. “You good?” 
	“I’d be better if I didn’t have a bullet in my foot!” Walter regained his footing and started to strafe with his weapon aimed partially downrange.  His limp would undoubtedly slow them down. 
	“Mobile Bay,” Jacob retracted after finishing off his magazine. “We’re taking heavy fire en route to the extraction zone.  Recommend some covering fire.” 
	Ben scanned the terrain of the island. “I’m not seeing anything big on the radar.” 
	“Use thermals.  There is a concentration of enemy forces just south of our position.” 
	His eyesight was diminished, and he couldn’t locate the exchange of small arms fire. “Damn it,” Ben withdrew.  He knew every moment he wasted was another closer to his team on the ground getting killed. 
	Terrence jumped in his place that moment.  His eyes were improved since cataract surgery a year and a half ago.  He was able to determine small dots lighting up on the hybrid map.  With care, he zoned in on the doubly large source of shots and typed in the coordinates. “Cover your ears.” He sent two missiles out through the launch pad. “Two away.” 
	“Copy that,” he focused on his squad to forewarn them, “we’ve got artillery inbound.” Jacob lifted to fire another shot.  He was interrupted before sliding a new bullet when a shot strafed his cheek.  The bullet did a bit of damage, enough to leave a permanent scar.  Jake checked the bloody wound on his face.  The price of war, you didn’t always get to keep a pretty face.  It was better to have an ugly face, though, than no face at all. 
	Walter and Michael had just stepped into position.  Lexie lifted to fire again.  Another member of their opposition now numbering thirty, put her on her back.  A bullet impacted her chest and knocked the wind out of her. 
	“Lexie!” Chad dove at her side and immediately checked the wound. 
	She coughed, “I’m good,” through a labored breath, “it hit the vest.” Chad was relieved, but chose to stay at her side rather than risk losing his own head. 
	Jacob looked up at the sky.  Too much time had gone by, or at least that’s how it seemed.  The seconds never went fast enough when every one determined a life.  Finally, he spotted the distant glimmer of approaching missiles. “Get your heads down!” He ordered.  They still had five seconds to impact.  In those five seconds, a paltry few of the hostile platoon also spotted the incoming artillery.  Their actions were too late to escape a most devastating fate. 
	The earth shook upon two resounding impacts.  A swirl of dust kicked up, obscuring the missiles’ destruction.  In the blink of an eye, a large chunk of the opposing faction was brought to their knees.  The rest were still reeling from the shockwave.  All had either deaf ears, blind eyes, or walked around aimlessly with all the sense knocked out of them. 
	“Let’s move!” Jacob called.  They were back at a near full run.  Jacob and Robert had taken the front of the pack.  Lexie and Chad provided a buffer while Mike helped Walter along on his injury.  However, their fight was far from over.  Chad was first to spot another vehicle coming toward them from straight behind. “Scatter!” He yelled.  Just after the group had disbanded and taken up half cover behind small pieces of the landscape, a dune buggy jumped over a sand hill.  The headlights didn’t catch any of the four in the back taking to the ground.  Instead, they saw Rob and Jacob in ghillie suits another ten feet forward. 
	Rob turned to fire a shot, one that shattered the right headlamp of the car.  Just as he fired a second bullet, the response was more than matched.  An automatic turret fired from the roof of the ATV, kicking up sand around Robert’s location.  Luck was on his side, and so was the rough terrain the buggy followed.  He still had to dive out of the way to avoid being run down by the driver, though. 
	Jacob took a fall a few feet farther, priming and cooking a grenade.  As the buggy jumped alongside him, Jake expertly threw with all his might.  The grenade was precise and managed to fall inside the quarters of the driver.  However, the driver felt the sphere impact his gut and responded efficiently.  Two meters behind the fleeing buggy, a concussive explosion kicked the sand. “Damn it.” 
	There was no use calling in support against a foe like this.  It was too variable, having already spun around for another go at them.  The gunner tried to improve his efficiency, and though his shots came closer to killing Robert with every shell fired, the closest still missed by several inches.  This time, the vehicle sideswiped him.  Rob changed to his assault rifle and started to pound shots into the engine block on the rear of the ATV.  Before he could put so many accurate shots downrange, it was on a course back for him. 
	Walter lifted himself just as the buggy sped past.  His rifle he aimed at an angle now, with his trigger finger wrapped around a different fire control.  Judging the distance vaguely, he pulled.  A loud thump echoed and a thin trail of smoke followed a small warhead through the air. 
	Robert closed his eyes, expecting to make the next jump out of the way.  The gunner was now blinding him by the sand kicking in his eyes, which made it impossible for Robert to judge distance.  Just before impact, another concussive bang went off.  Wiping his eyes, Robert watched the vehicle spinning end over end, the explosive’s impact with the ground knocking the buggy off course and effectively disabling it.  After four revolutions, it came to a stop on an inverted axis. 
	Walter limped for the disabled vehicle to finish the job.  However, Chad stopped him. “We don’t have time!  We need to get out of here now!” Walt nodded and pushed through the pain of walking on an injured foot.  They had a half mile to reach their extraction. 
	Jacob keyed in with his blood-stained hand.  He had already forgotten of his injury in the last few moments. “Gus, give me your status.  How close are you to picking us up?” 
	“Five, maybe six minutes.” 
	“The landing zone will be hot,” his conclusion from more vehicles approaching their location.  Their pack of six maintained a quick pace, soon disappearing under the next mound. 
	Carver removed his seatbelt straps and tumbled to the roof of their overturned transport.  At his side, he saw the gunner’s eyes were closed. “Oren,” he pressed the gunner’s shoulder, “get up.” 
	The still inverted man was waken from unconsciousness. “What happened?” 
	“You missed, that’s what happened.” Carver loaded a clip into a G36 previously strapped behind his seat. “Hurry up, they’re gaining ground.” 
	“Air One,” Carver heard the satellite operator report over the radio, “Imagery is being sent to your location now.” 
	A brief silenced passed before the pilot confirmed. “Roger that, Air One is inbound.” 
	Taking the first steps onto white sands, the waves breaking on shoreline were somewhat muffled by the island. Robert looked further along. “This wasn’t as flat as I remember the map saying.” True, it happened to be more rough and rocky than anyone anticipated.  The white sands were just a natural decoy, one that fooled them. 
	“Keep moving!” Jacob sprinted forward. “We’ll find a place where he can set down.  Until he gets here, we need that LZ secure.” 
	Another minute crossing the mountainous and jagged rocks soon crossed them in a plateau, lowered beneath two surrounding ridges.  Jacob planted the beacon. “Gus, your LZ is marked.” 
	“Copy that,” Gus could barely see the north edge of the island as far away as he was. “We’re about three minutes out.” 
	Jacob looked around. “Are you sure?” He could hear the wind being chopped by rotors already. 
	“Yeah, I just got visual of the island.” 
	Robert heard the rotor blades as well.  And if Gus wasn’t near enough, why did they sound to be right on top of them?  Come to think of it, why was the pitch so drastically different from the sound they remembered. “Contact!” Rob ducked moments before a volley of air-to-ground rockets were released.  On a straight trajectory, the six rockets left thick clouds of flames and smoke.  However taking advantage of the rough terrain, a previously assumed setback had in fact saved their lives. 
	Jacob hit the mike, his ears deafened by the payload that narrowly dodged them.  They didn’t have an unlimited supply of luck.  It was going to run out soon. “Mobile Bay, we’ve got an enemy chopper right on top of us.  Fire mission danger close.” 
	Terrence saw the thermal source moving around the team’s blinking strobe. “That’s too close to call, Jake.  We could kill you.” 
	“That’s a risk you’re going to have to take, Terrence!  If you don’t take that thing out of the sky, we’re all dead anyway!” 
	“Copy that, firing.” A fourth missile trailed across the sky, disappearing into the distant night sky. 
	Back aboard the Seahawk, Brett watched from his porthole as the north end of the island swept behind them.  Even this close, Gus kept himself close to the island and way under the radar. “Spin that gun up, Brett.  We’re going to have some company on the ground.” 
	“Roger that, pilot.” The turret hummed to life, spinning at revolution required to fire at full speed.  All that was left to do was wait. 
	With enemies closing in from almost every angle, the team had limited options.  After a spray ejected inaccurately from the Apache’s 30 millimeter chain gun on her nose, Jacob lifted to shoot another bullet.  But his fire, regardless of how accurate, did no damage on thick glass panes.  A twenty billion dollar helicopter wouldn’t have windows a small arms bullet could crack. “Anyone want to go for a swim?” He was sarcastic, but the idea didn’t sound half bad.  Only problem was, tracer rounds were filling their route to the beach.  A suicide run. 
	Brian spotted a blip on the radar that made his heart skip a beat.  Moments later, his missile lock alarm blared and the cockpit bled a red glow. “Fire countermeasures,” He set the craft in a quick adjustment while two dozen white orbs lit up the sky behind them.  Off only a few meters, the Tomahawk lost its heat signature and crashed into a ridge further down the hillside. 
	“Damn it!” Jacob yelled. “Fire another, Terry, he’s popping flares!” 
	“Second missile incoming,” Terrence answered a split second later. 
	The backdrop seemed to slow in motion.  The guns outnumbering them heavily.  A contingent of fifty troops firing at them from a quarter mile’s distance.  The feeling of utter defeat never felt so close at hand. Robert pulled the trigger for an empty weapon.  He was down to his last magazine already, and the number of foes facing him hadn’t let up by his fire, or that of his team. 
	As he rose his head to fire again, a gunshot ripped through his side with the worst impact he’d felt in ages.  Robert dropped, his body trembling in shock from the instant it hit.  A large caliber bullet had torn through muscle and bone alike.  It had left a wide open wound in his side. 
	Lexie was the first to reach Robert’s side. “Rob!” She screamed.  His hearing dissipated and vision fuzzed.  The last time he’d seen his sensed deprive him so brutally, he died.  Now, the doctor who saved his life wasn’t here to repeat that action.  His wound was definitely life-threatening, as he was bleeding out at twice the hopeful rate. “Stay with me, Bobby!” He couldn’t hear, but clenched her hand as tight as he could to signal he was fighting the sleep. 
	Jacob looked back to see Lexie kneeling at Robert’s side.  Of all the casualties they had suffered, the look of Robert’s shaking body didn’t look promising.  He didn’t want to give up, but the odds weren’t in their favor.  The rest of the squad was demoralized to continue after seeing one of their most trusted with a precision rifle become incapacitated by a single, well fired shot.  But they had the choice.  And when it came down to giving up to be executed versus fighting to the death, every hero would choose the latter. 
	Brian adjusted his heading.  Now, he was looking straight forward at his target.  All that remained was to launch a flurry of missiles and the intruders would be little more than dust.  His thumb reached for the button, but something caught him off guard.  A ping suddenly appeared on his radar.  He looked in time to see another military helicopter flying next to him.  His eyes matched those of a man holding the spun up mini-gun. “I’ll show you some fireworks,” Brett squeezed the buttons, sending thousands of rounds per minute into the target.
	With just a sudden burst, the helicopter had lost its pilot and copilot to dozens of strafing rounds.  Without someone to maintain the drive, it started revolving on an unheeded course for the ground.  Just prior to it crashing on the ground, the Tomahawk delivered on its second shot.  Nothing remained of the attack helicopter when a trail of flames crashed on the sand. 
	Gus quickly located the flashing strobe through his night vision and set down right above it.  The fire team only a few meters away quickly moved for their extract.  Walter, Mike, and Jacob took the rear of the pack.  Meanwhile, Chad and Lexie were carrying the half-conscious Robert onto the craft and strapping him in.  As they took seats on either side, Brett looked inside. “Is he gonna be alright?” 
	Lexie sent Chad a worried look. He couldn’t answer the question and know it to be true. “I don’t know.” Jacob was the last, and took a seat on the edge with his rifle aimed downrange.  The rapid rise a signal of their takeoff, he continued to fire until the helicopter had disappeared under the island’s edge once more.
	Chad focused on the pilot, “Gus, double time.” 
	Jacob looked back at the trembling figure of Robert. “Scott, we took a casualty during our extract.  Have the med bay ready.” 
	“Who’s hurt?” Scott asked. Jacob refused to answer.  He couldn’t bear to let anyone know that Robert had suffered a life-threatening injury.  How many could Rob survive, after all.  The helicopter shot across the barren ocean.  Gus was given the emphasis to hurry and he knew the exact reason.  Every second counted, and they had a ten minute flight at least. 
	Lexie fit an oxygen mask over Rob, seeing as he was hard to even breathe. “Listen to me,” she leaned down over him.  Her words echoed against his ears, as his eye grew heavier and heavier. “You’re going to be fine.” He shut his eyes.  Her voice distorted to a point.  And then the voice changed, replaced by something he couldn’t bear to forget, but begged his heart to remember. 
	“You aren’t meant to die, Robert.  You’re not finished yet…”

Day 437
The Prophecy

	Waking up was harder than he thought.  But the lights of this room were different than he remembered.  Maybe being on the table, getting a straight look into a hi-beam lamp.  No, that wasn’t it.  The light didn’t come from a single source, but rather enveloped from the edges of his peripheral.  Robert lifted his head and spun a glance around the area.  This wasn’t the ship.  It wasn’t the helicopter or the drill platform.  This wasn’t even the outpost.  And yet it felt more like home than anywhere he’d been before.
	“Bobby,” Nicole’s voice echoed from behind.  Robert looked back again to a spot previously uninhabited area now host to her apparition. 
	“Is this…is this real?” Rob checked his palms to verify whether it was a vision or a dream. 
	She looked disappointed. “You’ve got to stop making these visits, Rob.  They’re not good for your health.” 
	Rob checked the right side of his abdomen, where a hollow point had previously shredded through him like butter.  Yet the skin wasn’t broken or bandaged.  That couldn’t be possible. “Please answer me, Nikki.” 
	She sighed and shook her head reluctantly. “You’re not dead, Rob.  You came close, close enough to stop your heart again.” Nicole brushed her hair.  Her eyes looked though a different veil, one peering through the eyes of many souls aboard the cruiser. “You lost too much blood.  They had to operate the instant you got back on the ship.  Zack donated as much as he could without killing himself in the process.” 
	“How bad was it?” 
	“The high caliber round that put you down left an exit cavity as big as a melon.  You were reported dead before the helicopter even set down.  Thank the doctor for having steady hands with a needle.” Robert looked through the veil.  What he saw brought a tear to his eye.  Derek was slumped over Rob’s bed, fatigue having set in after almost two days of waiting for his cousin to rise from a near comatose sleep. “Derek never left your side.” 
	Rob let a deep sigh erupt from his chest. “But I left yours.” 
	Nicole turned and slapped Rob across the face.  Strange, he felt a pain sensation when she abruptly impacted him. “If I remember right, I left you.” Rob took a moment to recover from the throbbing on his cheek.  Then, he quickly wrapped his arms around her and pressed his lips to hers.  She didn’t resist.
	Several moments dragged by, Robert savoring every taste he could vaguely remember.  The kiss precluding her death tasted of iron and blood, and left a stain on his memory.  This was the flavor he was practically killing himself to remember.  He took his lips off hers and let a relieved breath out. “I’ve been wanting to kiss you for the longest time.” 
	She smiled. “I’ve missed you.  Every day for you is an eternity for me.  But you’re not ready.  Be it from human circumstance, you survive a near suicidal ‘recon mission’ as you coined it.  And I know how you blame yourself for losing me.” 
	“How can I not?” Robert withdrew. “I could have stopped it from happening.” 
	“Fate is never kind to the strong, or the brave, or the willing.  In a world so lost, not even I could have imagined evil to spread so rampant.  But fate never changes.  No actions made that night would have changed anything.  You live and lead a destiny for the time being.” 
	“So I’m destined to be great.  What about Derek?  What is he fated to do?  What’s his destiny?” 
	Nicole looked away. “I can’t say.” 
	“You knew Danny was going to die, didn’t you?” Silently, she nodded her head. Robert looked away, back toward the vision he would soon wake into. “Why won’t you?” 
	“The rules.” 
	“Break one of your goddamn rules!” Robert screamed at her. “I’ve given you everything you asked for!  I gave you my love, my hope, my faith!  Not even that was good enough!  He took you from me,” his eyes started to well “and I wanted you more.  Give me something.” 
	“It’s not something anyone can control.” 
	“Stop wasting my time, Nikki!” 
	A tear slid down her cheek.  She sniffled. “I’m sorry, Rob.  He’s going to die.” 
	Robert clenched his teeth and closed his eyes. “When?” No answer came to his ears. “If you can’t give me that…will it be painful?” 
	“It’s going to be one of the most traumatic experiences of his life.  Whether he makes it out of the storm won’t be a matter he can decide.  It’ll fall in the hands of another.”
	“Me?” 
	“No.” 
	“Then who?” 
	“Our time is up, Rob.  I’m sorry it had to be this soon.  Take care of yourself…and take care of Abel.” 
	Robert looked back as the white light started to glow with increasing luminosity. “Who’s Abel?” His inquiry didn’t find a response.  Instead, his eyes slowly drew open.  An immediate swell of pain down his right side.  Life was a bitch like that.  He looked down at the source of the hurt.  It’d been three days since the operation.  But his body may as well have gone into lockdown from the lack of exercise.  He groaned, trying to stifle his pain. 
	Derek shook awake from a light sleep.  He heard Robert’s gesture and immediately turned to see his cousin partly awake. “Bobby?” 
	Rob let out a deep breath. “How is everyone?”
	 “Everyone’s fine.  Once again, you got them biting their nails asking about you.” Rob couldn’t stand to look Derek in the eyes.  The fate of his lost brother in arms was now a constant facet he would have to accept.  But it wasn’t something he was willing to tell Derek, especially the part about how viciously his life would come to an end.  It was still too much a mystery to decipher, or even hope to confide to a doomed soul. “What’s wrong?” 
	“It’s nothing,” he sighed. “Just the damn pain.”
	“I know that look anywhere, Robert.  You treat pain like a thorn in your side, not a nail in your ass.” 
	“Something I saw…something I heard.” 
	“By the time you got back to the cruiser, Lexie said you were dead.” 
	“I know.” 
	Derek continued for a moment before registering the reply. “I’ve never seen her cry so--you know?” 
	“Someone told me.” 
	“This is the first time you’ve been conscious since San Clemente.  I’m the first person you’ve talked to.” 
	“Someone in my afterlife,” he clenched his jaw.  That kiss, as beautiful as it was in its moment, was vague in his deepest thoughts now. 
	Derek considered it. “Nicole.  How is she?”
	“She’s dead, Derek.  What kind of question is that?” Robert took offense to the question.
	“I mean…did she find what she wanted?” 
	Robert sighed. “I never had the time to ask her.” He wiped a tear from his eye, further straining muscles to foreign movement. “What’s the situation regarding our op?” 
	“Well, we have yet to hear back or suffer a retaliatory strike.” 
	“Last I remember, that chopper was going to rip us to pieces.” 
	“Gus is a better pilot than any of us took him for.  He showed up in the nick of time.” 
	“We missed something.  I know we did, otherwise that Apache wouldn’t have shown up in the first place.” 
	“You found a lot in the meantime.  Walt and the others ran through some diagnostics once you were stabilized.  This ship can track targets all the way from Catalina, on the water or in the air.  And even if they send all they have at us, we’re likely to come out on top--” 
	“You don’t know that for sure.  Because I don’t.  We took out two gunships and a military transport carrying cluster bombs.  Then another chopper almost took us out.  We don’t know what they have.  For all we know, they could have fighter jets lining up on the tarmac to wipe us out right now.” He tried to rise, but the pain seared in his side and nearly made him retch.  Forced to recover by lying down, Rob growled. “How long did the doc give me until I can get out of this bed?” 
	“The bullet…well in layman’s terms, the bullet fucked you up.  Judging by the entry and exit wound, it had to be as big or bigger than a 7.62.  You had a lot of internal bleeding and by the time you got to the med bay, there wasn’t enough blood in you to keep you going.” 
	“Where’s Zack?” 
	Derek shook his head and smirked. “I would have taken you for psychic.  He’s in his dorm, getting some rest.  As much blood as he gave, he was putting his own life on the line.” 
	Robert sighed. “Please, Derek.  How long ‘til I’m on my feet again?” 
	“Another week at least.  Let the stitches do their job.  And trust me.” Derek reached for Robert’s hand and encircled it in his own. “We’re going to be fine.” 
	Robert closed his eyes in an attempt to fight the tears.  He knew at least one of them wouldn’t be fine.  It was only a matter of time until that prophecy was fulfilled…and Derek was lost from their party. “Keep me informed.” 
	“Always,” Derek nodded, squeezed his grip around Rob’s palm, and subsequently left the room.  Once the door had slammed behind, Rob opened his eyes.  His anger fueled by immobility and the understanding that nothing he could do would change the forthcoming events.  Now that fate was verified, he regretted asking the question.  Answering one question only birthed a dozen more.  And among the most prevalent, why? 
	Only a few strides away from the medical bay, Derek was cut off by Walter. “I need to ask you about something.” 
	“Shoot,” Derek didn’t show a hint of worry. 
	The two started walking down a deserted hallway, Walt still on a marked limp. “We have no idea where the prisoner went.  But something odd that we did find are blood splatters on the bow of the ship.” 
	“Bleeding isn’t that uncommon nowadays, Robert would beg to agree.” 
	Walter pointed a finger. “Don’t play me, Derek.  Make no mistake, we are in for a shit storm if we didn’t fulfill our tasks to perfection on that godforsaken island.  And now our only leverage is gone.” 
	Derek shook his head and pushed Walter back. “You would have gotten a bullet in the head trying to settle a truce with that punk as collateral.  Last I looked, you couldn’t stand to be in the same room as him.  You and your guilty conscience.” 
	Walter clenched a fist. “You’d have a guilty conscience too, had you done some of the things I was ordered to do.  But I’m not holding to the past.  I’m trying to keep people alive here.” 
	“Really?  From the look of it, my cousin was getting carried off that helicopter with a hole in his side.  From the look of it, you didn’t even give a damn.” 
	This conversation had already sent him over the edge. Walter viciously grabbed Derek by the collar and slammed him against an adjacent wall. “Don’t accuse me of being something I’m not.  We’re in this together.  That makes us just as well brothers.  I didn’t intent for Robert to take a bullet.  But last I look, I was the one going into hell with Rob while you were busy killing our only ace!” His peripheral suddenly caught eyes staring him down.  Savannah on one side, and Staff Sergeant Logan on the other.  Walter loosened his grip. “Don’t blame me.  I’m not guilty of anything but trying to survive.” 
	Derek tilted his head. “That makes two of us.” 

Day 442
Feud

	While the helicopter never usually took to the skies, the early morning brought an unidentified ping on the cruiser’s surface radar.  In less than two minutes from the original alert, Jacob, Derek, Walter, and Gus had ascended to the helipad.  Lifting off, Derek and Walter sent each other a look.  The last few days had seen them going head to head on even the smaller subjects.  Considering Derek’s attitude and character, Walter didn’t have a doubt in his mind of who was responsible for Dylan’s disappearance.  The problem for Derek, he was never a very good liar.  And he never made a profession out of deceit either. 
	The target was spotted approaching using the same tactic the Mobile Bay had used a week prior.  Only problem was, this many signatures couldn’t shield themselves through a land mass, especially trying to sneak up on a military ship.  Five minutes went by with the helicopter approaching at a medium speed from 5,000 feet above sea level.  Through his scope, Derek was given a clear port to see almost twenty five craft approaching.  More than a dozen smaller gunboats and fishing trawlers, retrofitted with armor plating and attached weaponry.  And in the center of their group, the one that caught the most attention. 
	“Drop altitude,” Derek requested. “We can use the island as cover.” From that moment, the crew were given the worst  butterflies they’d felt in their lives.  Gus decreased his altitude at an extreme rate.  While Walter and Derek bumped their heads on the roof, Jacob was able to catch himself in the moment of weightlessness.  The Marine had felt this way only once in his career.  The worst operation he’d ever participated in, where the plan was botched from the beginning to end. 
	In less than ninety seconds, Gus was throttling the rotors and passing just under five hundred feet.  Below them, the city of Avalon beamed.  From this height, they were out of the enemy’s line of sight.  But the enemy didn’t have long to go before they’d be around the island and looking straight at them. 
	Derek and Jacob loaded the first round into the chamber, almost in unison.  Walter simply zoomed in via a pair of binoculars as the helicopter slowly ascended over the mountain peaks. “That can’t be good,” yet Jacob didn’t sound the least bit worried. 
	“Looks like this is that retaliation we’ve been expecting,” Derek commented. 
	“Mobile Bay, we’ve identified the anomaly.  Large fleet, more than twenty small craft and a commercial transport.” On the deck of the freighter they could see dozens of people walking, most armed with rifles. 
	“Copy that,” Sergeant Simms replied, painting the number of blips for a missile launch. “Will fire on your command.” 
	Derek sighed.  He could see civilians including children aboard the deck of the cargo transport. “Confirm, commercial freighter has noncombatants.  Do not engage the freighter.” 
	Jacob was somewhat surprised to hear Derek so changed from previously.  But then again, the fury of his mental breakdown had faded over the last several months.  The only reason Derek may have gone overboard was from the trauma in a small space of time.  That time had appeared to fade, but many questioned Dylan’s disappearance and Derek’s track record wasn’t on the good side.  Those that questioned still had yet to know for certain of Derek’s actions.  He wasn’t a good liar, but he was still a man of his word.  A word he never broke. 
	“How do you want to approach this, Major?” 
	Jacob pondered for a few seconds.  The idea to put civilians on the ship was most likely an exploit.  The regrets of war were cemented by collateral damage.  He could approach it either way, but his guess believed a peaceful resolution would show up after the shooting was over. “Mobile Bay, can you connect us to that ship’s frequency?” 
	“We can scan every channel for a hiccup,” Terrence started typing it in with one hand while his other gripped the radio, “but I’m not holding my breath.” 
	“Do what you can.  Gus, take us in low.  We’ll try to wave them off.” 
	Walter’s heart skipped a beat. “You sure about that?  After what we did to them, I don’t think a simple wave is going to turn them away.” 
	Despite their differences, Derek found himself in agreement with Walter.  However he didn’t question Jacob’s instinct.  In the last year, it had only led them astray once during an engagement with zombies.  Real people acted different…well, that’s what Jacob had come to expect.  Jacob sighed, “If they want a war, we’ll give them one.  I doubt they’d be able to shoot us out the sky.” 
	Contrary to Jacob’s belief an FGM-148 rocket system sat just below deck, loaded for the firing.  Gus pushed the craft forward and his rapid descent fell beneath three hundred feet.  The two snipers covered either side for adverse signs.  Already the accompanying gunboats had weapons trained on them.  But the shots hadn’t fired yet.  Walter nearly fooled himself into believing Jake was right.  Soon enough, the helicopter’s blades were kicking dust off the deck of the ship. 
	Dozens of civilians were immediately led into the lower decks, something which both snipers noticed and felt a heightened state of alertness.  Derek scanned the deck, where his scoped eye looked into the launching platform for a missile.  From the moment the missile fired into the sky, Derek screamed. “Incoming!” Gus didn’t need a second glance, he’d seen the missile’s propulsion lift it off into the air.  To avoid something like that, he’d have to go low and fast. 
	The chopper dove beneath the surface of the deck, where it rapidly approached the stern of the freighter.  Jacob and Derek watched in an endless moment, the missile’s ascension to five hundred feet, before it rapidly arced down in a manner to pursue it’s target. “Hold on!” Gus swung the aircraft hard left at a steep angle and close enough that any mistake would have crashed them into the freighter’s hull.  In the suddenness of it, Walter lost his footing.  Centrifugal force was going to throw him from the helicopter and he didn’t have the time to grip something. 
	Derek reached out from the door, clenching Walter’s forearm while anchoring himself inside the craft.  In an evasive technique he’d never even tried before in a simulator, Gus was frozen in his element.  Nothing could distract him.  Either they dodged that missile, or they were all dead.  Through tenacity, Derek pulled the horrified  Walt back into safety just before the turn had been completed.  A muffled explosion was heard on the far side from them.  Gus managed to lead his engine’s heat signature and deter the missile back into the hull of the freighter.
	As Walt felt the first steps of a solid surface again, Derek exchanged him a dry look.  No words could describe the way Walter felt, having harassed Derek for matters that ill mattered anymore. “Gus, raise us over the deck.” As the helicopter ascended to just alongside the top deck, Jacob zoned his scope in the area of the missile’s back blast.  A new missile was being fitted by one person.  The rotor blades caught the shooter’s attention, long enough for Jake to fire a shot between the eyes. “We’re clear.” His voice was dull under the sound of more than a dozen machineguns firing from the fishing trawlers. “Get us back to the cruiser.” 
	“Don’t have to tell me twice,” Gus pushed the stick as far forward as it would go. 
	“Mobile Bay, this is Eagle one.  We have taken fire.  Permission granted, smoke the little ones.” 
	The order was put into binary in a matter of seconds.  Then, a dozen Tomahawk cruise missiles ejected from the vertical launch system in quick succession.  A cloudless sky, filled with the smoke trails of deadly weapons. 
	 The helicopter had only gone a few miles before black trails lined the sky above.  Jacob took a second glance out in an effort to see how effective their response was.  In unison, every of the dozen missiles rapidly changed heading and dove for the ocean surface.  While most of the fleet of gunboats took on wild adjustments, eight of the dozen Tomahawks made contact or were close enough to capsize vessels in the water. “Mobile Bay,” Jake requested, “have they backed off yet?” 
	Terrence growled.  The small blips on his radar continued on their suicidal course. “Negative.” 
	“Fire another,” Jake replied. 
	Below deck, Robert was barely getting back on his feet.  Helping him along, Brooke, Savannah, and Zack were all present to help motivate him.  The sound of missiles launching took Rob by surprise. “What’s happening?” He asked Zack, who had the radio and was just turning it on. 
	“What’s going on up there?” The kid asked.
	“San Clemente sent a retaliation,” Derek answered. “It’s a manageable number.” Though Derek was confident in a victory today, Robert was on edge.  The flow of information had yet to miss him until this morning. 
	Rob snatched the radio out of Zack’s hand, taking a few forced steps and marked sears of pain. “Are you sure?” 
	“Positive,” Jacob replied. “They won’t get close.” As he finished, another seven ships had fallen beneath the ocean’s surface.  More than half of their opposition were off the radar, yet the hostile fleet pushed on. “That one have any effect?” 
	Terrence cleared his throat. “Fifteen pings have dropped off the radar, but they’re not stopping.” 
	Jake growled.  He hated to keep chipping away at a foe they ill understood.  There was no other way. “Gus, hold here.” The pilot slowed to hover five miles away from the cruiser and rig. “Hit them again, Terry.” 
	“Copy that,” Terrence could hear similar reluctance in his tone. “Firing.” Ten munitions jumped out from the launch pad. 
	Gus swung around for the crew to get a look.  Here, they could see the hopeless extent to dodge heat-seeking missiles.  Out of ten explosions on the water, six were fatal and another vessel was capsized by proximity. 
	“You think they got the message?” Gus could see the three surviving boats were skimming water in perplexed manner. 
	Jacob scoped his view.  In a few seconds, he spotted waves kicking the opposite direction. “They’re pulling back,” he then started to scan the wreckage. “It’s too bad we had to kill so many of them off.” 
	Derek scoffed. “They were foolish enough to mount this counter-offensive, and they were stupid enough to keep going.  They don’t deserve your remorse.” He and Jacob exchanged a look.  Jacob had noticed Derek’s change over time.  But even as a soldier, Jacob always felt regret killing, especially the ones who weren’t deserving of death.  Derek had yet to understand morality in mortality.
	“I’m more worried they’re trying to run down our supplies over time.” 
	“We’ve got a few survivors,” Walter spotted thrashing water on the surface.  The helicopter came in close before Jacob flung a rope into the water.  Two people who had escaped the capsized and sinking fishing boat closest.  Both men were picked up without incident in a matter of minutes. 
	Just as the second man was checked for weapons and restrained, Terrence’s voice flooded the line. “Jake, I’ve got a signal.  Patching it through now.” 
	The marine waited a few seconds until a click registered over his headset. “Who is this?” 
	“My name is Miles,” A middle-aged Canadian tone. “I’m in charge of defensive operations for San Clemente Island.  A few days ago, you trespassed on our land and killed our people.” 
	Jacob sighed, “We did what was required for our survival.” 
	“Killing keeps you alive?” Miles resented saying it, but resented the people who enacted it. 
	“No,” Jacob replied angrily. “Sabotaging a bomber strike against our home keeps us alive, Miles.  I only kill out of necessity.” 
	Miles growled. “Say what you say, whatever it does for your conscience.” 
	“My conscience is clear,” Jacob clenched his teeth. “I lost everything to this infection, including my brother and my daughter.  The one thing I didn’t lose was my responsibility as a leader.” 
	“You know why we’re here?” 
	Jake shrugged. “Besides to talk crap and send your men to die, I’m at a loss.” 
	“We want that ship.” 
	“Well, who doesn’t?” 
	“We can make this peaceful.  Give us the ship now, or I guarantee that oil platform will soon rest at the bottom of the ocean.” 
	“You drive a hard bargain.  We’d get nothing, you’d get a gun pointed at our heads…I’ll have to refuse.” 
	Miles chuckled. “Dig your own grave, if that’s what you want.” 
	“Just being logical.  Not one of your pawns got close to us.  If you want to sink the rig, you’ll need to bring a lot more than you’ve shown me.” 
	“Don’t educate me on how to kill you and your people, mister--” 
	“Warren, Jake Warren.” 
	He laughed out loud. “Only a jarhead like yourself would have such a big ego.” 
	“It’s not an ego at all, Miles, it’s faith.” Silence answered. “There’s another matter to discuss.  We pulled two of your pawns out of the water.  I was wondering if you wanted them back.” 
	“That’s more considerate than I expected out of you.  Are there any others?” 
	Derek took over. “Not anymore.” 
	A different voice, darker and more brutal, yet strangely familiar. “What do you mean?  Who is this?” 
	Derek clicked his teeth for a second. “This is Derek.  We pulled a kid out of the water.  I saw him as a threat to our people…so I killed him.” 
	The whole cruiser heard Derek’s admittance to the crime.  Few were shocked, but Robert was still antagonized. “Damn you,” he swore silently. 
	“What was his name?” The request hinted anxiously. 
	“Dylan,” Derek didn’t hesitate. 
	“You…you killed my brother?” The voice faded a moment after a distraught sob was released. 
	Miles took back the microphone. “This won’t go unpunished.  We’ll be back.” 
	Derek keyed up. “Understand this,” his pistol clicked with a pull of the hammer.  His weapon directed at both of the soaking men, dropped to their knees.  Both felt their hearts stop at the sight of a loaded gun pointing at them. “We will not hesitate to engage, should you choose to approach us again.” He pulled the trigger, one for each person, while his free hand kept the radio keyed up.  Both prisoners were pushed out by the bullets’ force.  In silence, two souls nearly stripped of life were unfortunate to feel the sinking feeling as they dropped more than a thousand feet into the sheets of blue.  A fall that couldn’t be survived. “If you come back, you will pay.” 
	The dark voice retook a commanding voice over the line. “Derek, you will remember me.  My name is Carver.  You killed my brother Dylan, not out of fear, but your own need to take a life!  For that I will make you suffer!  I’ll make sure you beg for death before I kill you!”
	Derek didn’t show any fear. “Good luck, Carver.” The voices fell silent.  The communication was through as nothing was left to say.  Both Walt and Jake sent each other a worried glance.  Onboard the ship, Rob was lost.  Knowing Derek’s ultimate fate and hearing of threats to break Derek’s will.  Rob almost wanted to vomit. 
	Jacob looked Derek in the eye, “What the hell, Derek?” 
	“What?” Derek shrugged.  Jacob shook his head, but didn’t continue.  After all, there was little point debating with Derek on a matter already made. 
	Walt took a seat in the co-pilot’s chair. “Get us home, pilot.” The helicopter nosed forward and made its way back to the cruiser. 

Day 614
Cold War

 	Almost six months had come and gone without a shot being fired.  Guns were loaded and regularly cleaned, but there was nothing to shoot at.  Members of the cruiser’s defensive crew were starting to lose touch with the systems.  Noncombatants on either the rig or ship were starting to think themselves in a dream.  Strange to only recognize the silence as a dream. 
	Having a pregnancy to deal with didn’t make Robert or anyone else that much more stressed.  The only two who seemed the most worried were Savannah and Zack.  As both entered this adventure as maturing teenagers, there was little experience to recall on, let alone firsthand.  Lucky for them, there were quite a few who had background in raising children.  Children who probably hadn’t survived as long as they did. 
	Scott was doing a routine checkup on Savannah, and Zack was always present to hear. “You’re just about ready to pop,” the doctor pointed out. “Give it a week or two.  Can you live that long?” 
	Zack smirked. “You shouldn’t be asking her that question.” 
	Savannah giggled as she stepped down. “I haven’t been that bad, have I?” Surprisingly, she wasn’t as hormonal as most would have expected.  A few angry rants once in a while, but a diet comprised mostly of fruits and vegetables and regular exercise tapered it off. 
	“It’s not you, I’m just tense.” 
	Myers chuckled. “It’s always tense having a baby.  That’s all a parent gets is tense.” 
	“You have any children?” Savannah asked the doctor. 
	“No, not quite.” 
	“Not quite?” Zack was perplexed. “What does that mean?” 
	“It means the wife preferred an alcoholic who sold drugs, instead of a veteran in Iraq.  Someone who could support her,” his voice screamed of sarcasm. “I never got to see my kid, because after all was said and done, he wasn’t really mine.” The room suddenly got quiet.  Myers cleared his throat after taking in the awkward moments. “I recommend you stay on the ship.  Strenuous activity can have negative side-effects and this station will be much better suited for the delivery than the platform.” 
	“No argument here,” Savannah replied. 
	In the mess hall, only two were present.  Mike and Melanie were in the middle of a ‘heated’ game of chess.  Games never got old, and boredom flourished in the absence of gunfire and death.  Mike wasn’t a very good player, but was purposely losing to let Melanie win.  As he put another pawn in place for her knight to take, it became somewhat obvious to her. “Are you really that bad, or are you trying to lose?” 
	“What do you mean?  I’ve never been good at chess.  It requires thinking three steps ahead.” 
	She smiled, “You’re a horrible liar.” 
	“I do my best,” Mike smirked.  He watched her take his pawn and set it off the board. “Ever since Dan died, I noticed you’ve been different.” 
	She took a deep breath, “It’s your move.” 
	Mike shrugged, “I’m just gonna send my rook to die.” 
	“Do we have to talk about this?” Melanie locked eyes with him. 
	“If you don’t want to talk about Dan, I won’t force it.  It’s just, I don’t like seeing someone as beautiful as you suffering.” 
	“It’s been rough.  I spent so long with him…now I can’t even remember his face.  The last memory I have, he was covered in blood.”
	Michael crossed his arms. “I know there’s no way I’d be able to replace him.  But I want to be here for you.” 
	“Good luck, soldier.” 
	“I made it out of Nashville, I made it off San Clemente.  Where others died, I survived.  And until a few months ago, there was nothing keeping me alive but the soldiers fighting with me.” 
	Melanie shook her head. “You make it sound like you’re trying to get laid.” 
	“No,” Michael was offended. “I wouldn’t take advantage of anyone’s grief, you least of all.” 
	“You’re better than I thought.” 
	“It’s a hard habit to keep in times like these.  But I manage.” 
	Melanie pushed one of her pawns into a deadly trap. “Tell me about yourself, man of mystery.  Were you ever in a serious relationship?” 
	The Staff Sergeant sighed deeply. A single tear came to his eye. “My first marriage wasn’t the smartest move I made.  A few months before my second tour, I fell for this girl.  Belle,” his lips quivered speaking her name. “I went to Iraq, and much to my dismay, she was in my company.  She was in my platoon.  One day, we were out on patrol.  The regular in and out work of a frontline job: watch the roads for IEDs, scan the roofs for any heads looking down at us.  It was all quiet one second, and the next it was absolute hell.  In all the confusion, she got shot in the back twice.” 
	“I shouldn’t have asked.” She saw the misery she was bringing out. 
	“You were gonna find out sooner or later.  She gave me a gift on that day.  Before then, I never knew I could feel such a way about anybody.  She was the only one…until I met you.  I could have sworn I was looking at her ghost when I met you.  There’s not a thing to tell you apart.” He pulled a ruddy photograph from his vest and showed her.  A still taken of both Mike and his wife, both in uniform in a vast desert backdrop.  True to his word, Melanie couldn’t tell herself apart from the woman in this photo save a few freckles.
	“Wow,” she looked him in the eye. “I see why you’ve been trying so hard.  I wish I’d known about this sooner.” 
	“I tend to keep my shell locked pretty tight until people start asking questions.” He took her hand in his and smiled. 
	Upstairs, Walter and Robert were hard at work cleaning their rifles for the hundredth time.  Well, some called it hard work.  Dismantling a gun was easier than reciting the alphabet for these two.  Walter sipped on a bottle of water after his weapon was completely apart and spaced out on a desk. “Can I talk to you about something?” 
	“Is the ocean still blue?” Robert asked rhetorically. 
	“Derek is a loose cannon.  That kid Dylan could have been our way out of this war, and he killed him without any sanction from us.” 
	Robert didn’t like the topic brought forth.  He was the only living person who knew Derek was doomed to a most painful and traumatic fall.  It was a secret he hated to hold onto, and hiding it was harder every day he looked into Derek’s eyes. “Derek tries to do the right thing.  He does what he thinks will keep us alive.  But he’s not a loose cannon.  He’s loyal to me, he saved your life…he won’t let any of our people come to harm if he can prevent it.” 
	Walter nodded. “I find it hard to trust him.” 
	“Then don’t,” Rob answered. “Nobody’s asking you to.  The fact remains that I trust him.” 
	“And that’s all that matters, I suppose.” Walter shook his head and continued in his work. “There’s another matter I want to discuss.” 
	“Discuss at your own leisure,” Robert didn’t make eye contact this time.  He was too busy with his craft. 
	“My men and I are bored.” Rob lowered his weapon silently to listen. “We thought we could handle so much of this peace, but we were wrong.  I elect we start fighting the zombies.” 
	“Fighting the zombies?” Rob scoffed, “That’s a war you can’t win, Walter.” 
	“So says you.  But something I heard a long time ago, if humanity didn’t start to strike with more force every day against the undead, we’re all screwed.” 
	“How many of your soldiers will have to die for you to understand?  You can’t beat the zombies.  Our only hope is to outlive them.”
	“Best case scenario for a decomposing body is anywhere between five and ten years pending the time they were infected and the climate.  How long did you expect to outlive them?”
	“As long as necessary,” Rob rose to a stand. 
	Walter took to his feet as well. “We’ve gone maybe two years since this infection spread beyond our control.  What happens when your people lose faith, when your people turn on each other.” 
	“That will never happen.” 
	Walt shook his head. “Keep to your faith.  I keep to logic.  Human nature doesn’t lie.  I can see, and I know you can too.  It’s already started to happen.”
	Rob scoffed, “This is logic?  Last I heard, a sixth of the population of the states were infected.  That’s more than fifty million you’re talking about.  And we haven’t even considered the rest of the world.” 
	“You only see the bad.  Honestly answer this, how much worse can it get?” 
	“We’ve got a good thing going here.  The oil platform and the cruiser.  We make do however we can.  Leaving us to fend for ourselves while you rack up some meaningless kill count isn’t going to solve anything!” 
	“You believe in God, and the afterlife.” 
	“I don’t have to believe, Walter, I’ve been there!” 
	“Why did God make this pandemic?  Was the human race meant to outlive this many zombies?”
	“It’s a test.  A test of will.” 
	“Yeah, a test I’m about to fail.  I’m holding a meeting with members of my squad tonight.  The Mobile Bay will still be in range should we dock at San Diego.  That’s a medium populace and it’s far enough from the fallout.  Gus can pick us up if it gets too hot.” 
	“Remember the last time we were in San Diego?  My doctor got a bullet in his neck from an enemy we failed to stop.  You kill as many zombies as you want, but remember that same rifle scope will probably be pointed at your head for the duration.” 
	“I urge you be at this briefing to express your opinion.” 
	“My opinion won’t matter to a bunch of bored grunts.  If they want to fight the zombies, there’s not a damn thing I can do to change their mind.” 
	Walt shrugged. “I was hoping to get your approval, but as I outrank you--” 
	“Rank doesn’t decide the fate of my people, so don’t pull that card out of your hat.  I’ve been expecting San Clemente to hit us with all they’ve got.  You’re going to leave them a gap of ninety nautical miles.  The platform won’t survive if they hit us while you’re on your field trip.” 
	Walt shook his head. “Returning to the Navy base would also allow us to replenish our weapon stockpile from the raid last year.  You didn’t get to see what the tomahawks did the last time San Clemente attacked in force.  They didn’t get to fire a bullet.” 
	“The only constant is death,” Robert clenched his teeth furiously. 
	“Change, Robert,” Walt corrected, “the only constant is change.” 
	Robert shook his head, put his weapon back together in a matter of seconds, and started for the door. “In a world of the dead, the only constant is death.” He slammed the door shut, loud enough for people two floors below to hear.  He’d barely gone ten steps before Jacob was peeking out of an officer’s quarters.
	“The hell was that all about?” 
	Robert grunted. “Walt is talking about going back to San Diego, to fight the zombies.” 
	Jacob shook his head. “I hate to kill your buzz, Rob, but I’m split down the middle on this.” 
	Rob was distressed, “Oh, come on.” 
	“On one hand, a land-based home is much more strategic to some unarmed oil platform just outside minimum safe distance.  On the other, there’s too many zombies to count on the mainland.” 
	“Don’t tell me you’re thinking about going with them.” 
	Jacob shook his head. “No, not this time.  My place has always been with the outpost and its people.  Besides, I’m not setting foot in San Diego unless I’m stepping on the yellow footprints again.” 
	“Yellow footprints?” 
	“Marine talk, you wouldn’t understand.” He thought it over for a few moments. “I’ll spread the word, see fit that Mitch doesn’t join in on this raid.  I’ll do my best to keep Lexie in line.” 
	“Lexie is a soldier.  What’s to say she’ll feel any different?” 
	Jacob grinned. “You haven’t figured it out yet?” 
	“Figured what out?” 
	“As much as you stay faithful to Nicole, you fail to see how much Lexie cares about you.” 
	Robert shook his head. “I would see it, but Chad’s already setting that sail.” 
	The Marine laughed. “By the time we got back from San Clemente, Lexie was dry of any tears.  She wants you, not Chad.” 
	Robert sighed deeply. “It doesn’t matter.  She’s not meant for me.  He’ll be able to provide for her once I’m gone.” 
	“Once you’re gone?” Jacob shook his head in dismay, “What did Nikki tell you?” Robert looked away, a sign which Jacob wouldn’t accept. “I can see it clear as day, Rob.  You’ve been carrying a burden since those stitches were taken out.  You can trust me.” 
	A moment’s silence had Jacob following Rob into the former’s private quarters.  Rob shut the door behind.  Little did either know, Derek was just walking around the corner to investigate the loud door slam a few flights away. “She told me I was destined to lead.  I was meant to survive through death time and time again.  But Derek,” hearing his name, Derek stopped outside the door to Jacob’s room. “She told me he’s going to die.”
	“Did Nicole give you a time when this would happen?” 
	Rob shook his head. “No.  But I was dumb enough to ask if it would hurt.  She said it would be the most traumatic experience of his life.  And whether he escaped this death wouldn’t be up to him or me.” 
	Derek felt his spine run cold.  He hated to hear the truth, but he hated more that the truth had been locked away from him and only spoken behind closed doors.  Jacob shrugged. “There’s still plenty of us to choose from.” 
	“How many of them would want to save him?  After all Derek’s done, there are only a few who still see good in him.” Derek turned and walked away, his head hung low as he disappeared from the hall. 
	“Are you sure Nicole wasn’t just messing with your head? You know, it could have just been a hallucination.  Being dead for so many minutes can cause brain damage.” 
	Rob shook his head. “I know Nicole.  She’d never lie to me.  And she was right about Dan.” 
	Jacob’s eyes went wide. “Took you long enough to drop that bombshell, didn’t it?” 
	“I didn’t know it was going to be him until it was already over.” 
	“You should make a habit out of dying.  Ask your wife how I’m supposed to die.” 
	Robert smirked. “You’re gonna die with a gun in your hand and a cigarette in your mouth.  But you don’t need me to tell you that.” 
	The marine laughed. “Damn right.  I make my own destiny.  Perhaps Derek will, too.” 
	A late afternoon was host to the eighteen soldiers in the mess hall, though Jacob had taken place in Robert’s absence.  Regardless of Rob’s warning, Derek chose to attend this same meeting.  Walter cleared his throat. “I’ve started to hear some complaints from my men.” 
	“All due respect,” Luke Walsh disregarded rank and interrupted. “I was trained to be a rifleman, not a sailor.” 
	“It’d do you well to keep your mouth shut until your commanding officer is done talking,” Sanchez replied in marked frustration. “Raising a hand wouldn’t hurt, either.” 
	“My apologies, Master Sergeant,” Luke’s voice matched the rudeness of his elder comrade’s. 
	“Are you kids done?” Walter hadn’t used a leader’s voice in ages, but now he was required to do so or risk disbanding the brief. “I understand a lot of you expressed concerns about striking the undead.  Though we don’t have the full military might to handle the entire infection, I strongly believe we can make our mark.” 
	“Where’ve you got us going, Staff Sergeant?” Chad asked. 
	“My goal was to take back San Diego and set up a base on the ground.  The oil rig is a painted target, if you ask me.  One properly placed explosive could sink that thing in a moment’s notice.  Our first priority is to retake the Naval station, refuel, and rearm the Mobile Bay.” He looked at Jacob. “What’s your take on this, marine?” 
	“I’m not going with you,” Jake solidified. “My place is with the outpost and its people.  I’m not going to break my daughter’s promise.” 
	Nobody fed the beast, and Walter continued. “Should any of you have a problem with this, please speak up now.” 
	Of all the people, nobody expected Staff Sergeant Logan to rise. “I’ve got other obligations onboard this ship.” 
	Technical Sergeant Collins smirked. “Trying to get a little pussy?” 
	Mike looked him in the eye, “You’re lucky I’m the better man, otherwise you’d be missing a tooth right now.” Jason shook his head enthusiastically, but didn’t give his much stronger counterpart another reason to kick his ass. 
	Sergeant Myers was next to rise. “I apologize, but I can’t leave the ship.  Savannah’s due any day now and they’ll need a physician.” 
	“You delivery babies before?” Luke asked. 
	Scott nodded, “I had to cut your umbilical cord, remember?” The statement made a dozen or so laugh, and even Luke accepted it with a grin. 
	“There needs to be a unit manning the weapons systems while we’re on the ground.  Mike, you’ve got a little experience in that.” 
	“A little is an understatement.” 
	“Clemens, McKown, Haley, you know how to use those systems?” The three nodded in silence. “Good.  The four of you will manage.  Is there anyone else who would rather stay aboard the ship?” Nobody raised a hand. “That gives us thirteen.  Aaron, I’m putting you in charge of team two.” Staff Sergeant Gift clenched a fist and pumped it in hungered appreciation. 
	“Is this really the best idea?” Jacob asked. “We’re putting a big space between the cruiser and the oil rig.” 
	“We were going to have to stockpile our munitions sooner or later, Jake.” 
	The marine shook his head. “If you think this is what’s necessary, I won’t stop you.  But when the hailstorm falls on the innocent, you’ll know just who to blame.” 

Day 633
The Dead World

 	A half dozen raids had been carried out in the metropolis of San Diego since Walter’s plans had originated.  They didn’t meet resistance carrying out the initial objective, to refit the cruiser with weaponry.  Thankfully, the distant horizon didn’t gleam of a massive engagement at any time.  Robert hated to think the people of San Clemente Island were simply biding their time. 
	Their new base of operations was put into effect at San Diego International Airport.  It had sturdy fencing enough to stay put while jet turbines lashed against them.  How many zombies would be required to knock it over was anybody’s guess, though.  Gus guided his helicopter toward the ground beneath a high noon’s sun.  A mid-April day, though the rains had yet to turn their head. 
	“You having a good time down there, Walt?” Chad had to yell over the spinning rotors to his superior already on the ground. 
	Walt leaned against a stair-car to fit a new magazine. “Why don’t you come down and see for yourself.” The last few minutes were a little more hellish than the last few days in town.  At least one hundred undead were being pushed back from the airport fencing by the coordinated fire of seven men.  Seven men, whose resources were dwindling despite their best efforts. 
	As soon as the chopper landed, the remaining six fatigues quickly stepped off and joined the line.  Gus shut down the helicopter, assured that they were safe with the number of zombies so low.  In consideration, a city of 1.2 million people, a hundred corpses were a small thorn in their side.  They’d have enough ammunition to handle three times as many.  Unfortunately, that was taking into account only firing headshots.  And some of the riflemen were a little rusty with shooting guns that had until recently been collecting dust. 
	Before the threat could accumulate for any more, the combined efforts of thirteen had successfully diminished the undead threat.  Walt smirked, “I’d call that a good start.” The last five raids had counted up for more than four thousand undead.  A small mark on an undead populace.  But more than half of the city’s people were quick to leave after seeing a mushroom cloud to their north.  In all, maybe 500,000 zombies was a good estimate for San Diego.  Walt lowered his weapon after finishing off the last zombie standing from a distance of ten meters. “On me,” he ordered sternly. 
	The dozen followers dropped to a knee as Walt checked his sidearm’s full magazine once more. “What’s the problem?” The request came from Isaac. 
	“I think we all know what the problem is.” 
	“Yeah,” Luke sighed. “The Chargers don’t play on Sunday anymore.” 
	The crowd laughed.  Gus was slow to reach the group while Walter cleared his throat. “Since we’ve been in town, we’ve killed and counted forty three hundred bodies.  For each of us, that’s more than three hundred.  It’s not enough, not by a long shot, to defeat this plague.  But we’re making a mark.  Unfortunately, that same mark happens to be affecting our ammo supply.” 
	Aaron tilted his head. “What’s our next course of action, Walt?” 
	“There are a few weapons stores in the city, but we’ll be traveling into uncharted territory.  Our search of the Naval station didn’t find many small arms.” 
	“I’ve been itching for a drive,” Brett said as he cracked his fingers. “If we’re going to hit up local stores for guns and ammo, I’ve got an idea.  There’s this place I remember off El Cajon.  Five or six miles, pending the roads and highways are maneuverable.” 
	“Let’s give it a shot,” Walter spun his head around to face Gus. “You remember where we parked the humvees?” 
	“Same place we took the cruiser,” Gus nodded. “This chopper isn’t carrying fourteen people, though.” 
	“Yeah, yeah,” Walter shook his head. “I’ve heard it a hundred times since we got back.  Eleven at the max.” He scanned the bay for a few seconds. “I’m still a little worried about stepping foot into ground we have yet to secure.  So Gus, I’m gonna need you to provide an aerial escort.  Jason, Billy, you two man the door guns and keep us up to date.” The two Air Force techs nodded without a complaint.  Flying was a compliment to them.  Shooting a big gun was a bonus. “Spin her up, pilot.  We move out in sixty.” 
	“Roger that, Staff Sergeant,” Gus tipped Walt with a salute before returning to the Seahawk.  As dust was still kicking up from the cooling rotors, getting her back up to air speed wouldn’t take as long. 
	Walt withdrew a map of the San Diego area relied on time and time again.  Its edges were starting to tear, but luckily the center was their only focus. “Whereabouts did you say this gun store was, Brett?” 
	Sergeant York pointed to a piece of the grid several miles inland. “Corner of Marlborough and El Cajon, place is called California Police Equipment.” 
	“Right, you’re gonna ride shotgun with me.  Sorry to cut your squad, Aaron.” 
	“Don’t worry about it, Walt.  I’m still in charge of a squad and that’s all that I asked for.  Size doesn’t matter.” 
	Luke chuckled, “Most of us would disagree.” 
	The Staff Sergeant clicked the safety to his rifle off.  A deep breath exhaled before he fit a pair of aviators over his eyes. “First and second squads on me,” he started in a jog for the idling Seahawk. “You think you guys can hold your own, Chad?” 
	Staff Sergeant Crawford checked his half empty clip, thought better of it, and replaced it with a fully loaded one. “Depends on how long you’re gonna spend jerking off in the chopper.” 
	A five miles journey flown from the airport to a vacant dock in the Naval station was viewed half by water and thousands of civilian speedboats and leisure craft, the other half by a dense cluster of small buildings, beachside fronts, and businesses.  It all seemed to go by so quick.  Nobody was worried, what reason would there be.  The only thing to fear was fear itself, and veterans swallowed fear for breakfast before PT.  Zombies weren’t something they were afraid of.  After traveling through an undead nation and only suffering casualties by strength of the Red Army, zombies were simple. 
	Gus touched down only for a matter of seconds.  A team of seven stepped off the craft while both gunners kept clear eyes darting back and forth through all the windows.  Their last encounter here met with dire consequences for someone who preferred not to partake in war.  If their opposition had chosen to linger, or to endure in this place, they’d have free reign on this many riflemen.  Walt stepped past the windshield and waved Gus off.  In a moment’s notice, the helicopter took off and started back to collect the last four members of their raiding party. 
	Contrary to several expectations, both Privates Riggs and Olsen were furthest up the dock.  Gus had chosen to land at the far end of the pier and inconveniently left them a larger space to cross.  Even more surprising, none of the eight vehicle convoy left behind had been touched.  Walt hesitated, his eyes piercing every glimmering window for the slightest show of movement.  None offered itself, and his sixth sense wasn’t tingling like it usually did when someone had a weapon trained on him.  He believed them safe, and walked toward the closest humvee in a nonchalant demeanor. 
	No shots fired as he entered the range in which Daniel was struck down.  Their foes had moved on, despite what many had come to expect.  Walt took out the map a second time. “Since we don’t know the condition of the highways, we’re going to stick to surface streets.  Follow 32nd, merge onto 30th, and keep going until we hit El Cajon.  That route is likely to change.  Gus should be able to guide us all the way.  Maintain a ten meter spread, we don’t need to get bottled up in gridlock.” 
	Tanner stepped into the first humvee, his first order of business to check the mounted gun’s ammunition box. “This box is half full.” 
	“Some would call it half empty,” Brett shrugged. 
	Tanner tilted his head, “Yeah, well, I’m an optimist.” 
	“Glad to hear it.  There’s not many of those left to handle the rest of us.” Walt jumped in the front seat and turned the battery over.  This much time left alone hadn’t drained any juice out of the truck.  But too many things were going their way.  There was bound to be a change somewhere down the road. 
	In another three minutes, Chad’s team of four had also set foot on the dock.  Behind them, Gus kept his wheels on the ground.  He wasn’t about to lift off until Walter gave him the order.  The other trucks were checked for sufficient turret ammo before personnel loaded up.  Walter turned over the engine and maneuvered a three-point turn to change his heading on the dock. “Eagle One, if we get stuck--” 
	“I can give you an alternate route,” Gus took the words out of Walt’s mouth. 
	“Good man.” He slowed alongside the third humvee, which had yet to turn around.  Chad was manning the roof gun and sent his commanding officer a nod. “Good luck out there.” 
	“Same to you, Staff Sergeant.” Chad answered in a professional tone.  Back on the job, he couldn’t be more serious.  As in this world, life or death was decided by the second.  The wild west, as some referred it.  San Diego was no different than Iraq nowadays.  Everything was a variable, and though the winds spelled peace, hurricane winds raging war could change that in an instant.  The only constant was change…the only constant was death. 
	Aboard the Mobile Bay, Savannah and Zack were midway through a game of chess.  They had repossessed the board from Mike a few minutes prior.  With little else to do but watch the satellite clock tick past, Zack smirked. “Hmm.” 
	“What?” She asked, her attention drawn to the digital readout ticking past 1:13 in the afternoon. 
	“It’s a stoner’s holiday today.  April twentieth.” 
	“Too bad you can’t get high,” Savannah replied sarcastically. 
	“I’m already high.  High on love,” he leaned in to kiss her, but something spontaneous drew her back and forced a deep gasp. “What?” 
	She swallowed, “My water just broke.” 
	Zack’s jaw dropped and his eyes went wide.  He stumbled to find his radio latched on his jeans.  It took a moment for Savannah to grasp it off the table and thrust it in his chest. “Scott, come in!” A half second ticked by, but it seemed like hours to the couple. “Myers, call back!” 
	“I’m right here,” The field surgeon replied. “What’s the problem?” 
	“The baby’s coming.” 
	“I should probably stop smoking this weed, then,” Scott said in a sardonic voice.  It didn’t keep Savannah from worrying 
	“I really hope he’s joking,” She managed to utter between breaths. 
	The convoy of three armored transports passed through dead suburbs.  The tone was cold, as bullet riddled and bloodied corpses lined the roads and insides of stopped vehicles.  However, this street wasn’t notorious for heavy traffic.  One more advantage they managed to exploit with little understanding of San Diego’s layout.  Walter hated to be reminded of his past career.  But though this was inside the borders of the United States, Walt found himself checking every corner they passed and having a wary eye on every rooftop as they loomed closer. 
	Not even three minutes had ticked by before the convoy holding steady at 35 miles per hour had crossed their first checkpoint.  Walt knew by traveling under a highway overpass and soon after merging onto 30th street northbound. “How’s our route looking, Gus?” 
	The pilot glanced beneath the floorboards for a scant moment.  From his altitude of one hundred feet, spotting obstructions in such a dense metropolis was limited beyond a half mile. “I don’t see anything coming up on you fast.  But there’s too many buildings and cars to identify congestion.” In truth, 30th was harder to follow than most other streets, as it shifted a number of times along their course.  Far from following a straight line.  Not to mention that it randomly changed to an entirely different street name for a length. 
	Chad had the keenest eyes of all, despite being the furthest back.  His objective was to cover their six, but he checked every direction regardless.  Several more minutes passed in tense silence.  Every passing roadway was filled with stopped and sometimes overturned vehicles, though the chaotic scenes were long since over.  Buildings and automobiles engulfed in flames kept a lasting reminder in charred, black paint or devastated material.  The only thing that seemed to survive in this city were the plants. 
	Finally, the thick layer of traffic was as good a signal as any. “Coming up on checkpoint two,” Brett called it in.  By this time, Gus was several hundred meters further ahead and scanning for gridlock. 
	“Bad news,” Gus reported. “The overpass is all stacked up on this road.” 
	Dobbs peered straight down after momentarily taking his hands off the door gun. “Walt, do you copy?” 
	“Yeah, Billy, what do you got?” 
	“The overpass to the north isn’t as popular.  I’ve also spotted some residential streets you can take to hook up to it.” 
	Walt spun the wheel after being on the divided six lane street for less than a minute. “Good eyes, Billy.” The convoy of three drove north an eighth mile before readjusting east again. “How does this street look after the freeway?” 
	The Seahawk dipped her nose forward and subsequently increased speed.  Shortly after negotiating two miles, Gus keyed up. “You’re clear beyond the next overpass.” 
	Brett nodded. “The gun store isn’t much further than the 15.” 
	Walt accepted the statement with a slide of his bandana. “Ready up, guys, we’re almost there.” 
	Despite several warnings from Scott weeks in advance, Savannah refused to take narcotics to ease the pain.  She wanted this birth to be all natural.  Reluctantly, Zack knew he was in for just as much a world as hurt as she was going to put him through.  And he had the easy part.  As she screamed another curse at him, Zack clenched his teeth and tried to tell himself she didn’t mean it. 
	Scott sent him a look, himself cringing from the brutality of her words. “She doesn’t mean it, Z.” 
	“She can sound pretty convincing,” Zack squeezed her hand and looked into her eyes. “It’s almost over,” he tried to keep a calm tone to his voice, but he was shivering. 
	“It just started, you useless drug addict!” 
	Scott looked at him again, “You want some earplugs?” 
	“I left my face shield back at the outpost.” 
	Savannah groaned in a surge of the most intense agony she’d ever felt. “Why did you do this to me?” Tears were starting to drain down her cheeks. 
	All the hormones she’d staved off for the duration of her pregnancy somehow manifested in the last five minutes.  Zack never really thought he’d hate giving birth so much.  Someone had to be the piñata, and the caring husband usually ended up taking that torch. “You asked for it!” 
	“I asked for sex,” she screamed back, “I didn’t ask for a kid!” 
	“Neither did I!” Zack was growing angry.  Scott had to take a hand away from the matter to slap his wrist in an effort to end the cruel replies.  The screaming pregnant girl had the right of way during her delivery, no matter what she said.  It was something Zack was going to have to learn. 
	Scott had to interject, although his sarcasm in this situation would go unheard. “It’s a little late to have an abortion.” 
	“Shut up, Scott, you’re too high!” 
	Myers shook his head reluctantly.  Today was a bad time to be a smartass.  But he could see the silver lining.  The crown of the baby’s head, which meant it was coming out the right way. “I can see the head.” 
	Zack leaned in close to her. “You’ll get through this, baby.  Just push.” She sniffled before taking a couple deep breaths and clenching her teeth. 
	The convoy rolled to a stop just outside of the store.  Though the building wasn’t an enormous warehouse as most of the platoon had assumed its title would deliver, a giant banister displayed their destination. “Brett, on me,” he drew his M9 Beretta. “The rest of you wait out here and lock down the street.” 
	“Ho-ahh,” Aaron shot back.  The nine men holding the perimeter spread out along the street, though Chad maintained a seat in the roof gun.  The zombies couldn’t stand up to something as powerful as the technology in his hands.  Under a spiking sensation in his gut, he started to tap the controls and spin up the turret.
	Walt took a step inside, though Brett was already three feet past him.  Both had dim flashlights to shine their way.  But the outdoor sunlight cast a glimmer inside which made it easier to view indoors. “You got anything?” Walt asked in whisper. 
	“Negative.  I’ll check the back if you’ve got the counter and office.” 
	“Stay vigilant,” Walt started for the front register.  He peeked over the edge, but found no straggler waiting for his bullets.  That was only one half of his objective, though.  The Staff Sergeant retracted and spun his light around.  He’d have to step through a door to reach the office.  But as deserted as this place looked, with half as many guns on the racks as normal, Walt doubted anyone alive or undead was trapped in this building. 
	A few meters away, Brett peeked through the next door.  His entry unwittingly activated a trap, one he half expected to be there.  As soon as he stepped in, it became transparent as glass.  The smell of petroleum was enough, and that was before following a series of lines to the buckets where the stench protruded.  A series of lines which ran back to the wall and were subsequently armed by him opening the gateway. “Walt, get out of the building.” 
	Though Walter was stricken by this statement, he immediately turned back to the door. “What’s going on, Brett.” 
	“There’s a bomb in the here.” 
	“How can you be sure?” Walter asked as he stepped back outside. 
	“Take care of them, sir.” Brett was allowed to finish his statement before every glass pane on the edifice shattered.  Rolling flames ejected through it, and a devastating shockwave put every one of the ten soldiers on the ground.  Walt spun his head back to look in furious horror.  A blink of an eye…and Brett was gone.  Only moments after the detonation, hundreds of calibers discharged by the waves of heat from inside the structure.  It forced them to take cover yet again, this time behind the humvees. 
	From a height of three hundred feet, the three inside the helicopter were awe-stricken by the massive firebomb and the waves of black smoke it gave off. “What’s going on down there, Walt?” Collins asked. 
	Walter looked up to the sky, but something on an adjacent rooftop cut him short. “Take cover!” He was too late to speak.  The bullets peppering by the explosion behind drowned out the sounds of more distant shots directly targeting them.  The only one who truly registered it in time was Chad.  And as he swung around to fire, a precise shot pounded beneath the gun and into his gut.  The Staff Sergeant fell inside the humvee, reeling from the jolt of agony searing his intestines.
	Three more soldiers suffered sufficient wounds by the time their attackers were located.  Such wounds would be sufficient enough to incapacitate them for the shootout. “Walt!” Jason screamed through the mike. “What the hell’s going on!” 
	“We’re taking fire from the rooftop across the street!” He crossed an opening of five feet to reach the farthest humvee back, as Chad had disappeared from his post.  Along the way, he felt a round breeze under his chin close enough to draw blood.  The slight sensation of hurt didn’t phase him in the least.  Spotting Crawford on his back clutching his abdomen with blood stained hands did the trick, though.  Walt leaned in to examine the wound.  There wasn’t any arterial bleeding, but it would be a miracle if the bullet hadn’t punctured an organ. “We’ve got wounded, we need air support now!”
	Gus rapidly lowered his descent, but Collins was already depressing the trigger and making no more of the attacker’s frontline than Swiss cheese.  By the time the Seahawk was low enough to fire accurately, five of the seven insurgents were down and out.  Regardless of how many bodies he could see, Jason wasn’t satisfied.  He continued to fire through every inch of the structure until it risked collapsing.  Maybe that’s what he wanted, as one of his own brothers had lost his life already.  Soon enough, the turret was too hot to fire and he had to remove his hands. 
	Walt worked fervently to gauze Chad’s wound.  Every minute counted against them now. “Gus, land in the intersection to evac the wounded.” He lifted Chad out of the vehicle, unwittingly turning on the spot to see Aaron on the ground trying to resuscitate another.  As the lifeless body slumped over, his closed eyes faced Walt directly.  It was Isaac. 
	Gus didn’t need to navigate to the ground.  Though he didn’t have all the room in the world to land with a number of cars in the way, he found an opening large enough to suffice in the nearby intersection The Staff Sergeant dashed into the street, holding Chad in a fireman’s carry.  At the open door, Collins was waiting to take the body.  Dobbs still had yet to fire a shot, but he was waiting for that moment.  Walt spun about and primed a bullet in his pistol.  His target was the decimated structure in which they took fire from.  He wanted to find one of their enemies alive, or at least somewhat alive.  He wanted an answer, he wanted to understand the motive.  But more than that, he wanted revenge. 
	Privates First Class Luke Walsh and Tanner Olsen suffered less than lethal wounds to extremities, but it still hurt like hell.  As such, Aaron ordered them onto the helicopter.  The Staff Sergeant had also taken a bullet through the shoulder, but he wasn’t in any way out of commission.  Thus, he chose to continue in his efforts.  To revive Isaac from a severe gunshot in the side of his body.  Little did he know, the bullet’s trajectory put a hole in his comrade’s heart.  There would be no coming back for Isaac. 
	Jason didn’t move from Chad’s side, nor did he even look away from the struggling man’s eyes.  As his eyes started to peel closed, Collins clenched the wounded soldier’s wrist. “Don’t even think about it, Staff Sergeant!” Chad sluggishly nodded in confirmation.  He wasn’t going out like this. 
	Back aboard the Mobile Bay, Scott had successfully delivered the baby and no adverse reactions came about.  Wiping the stains of blood from the newborn, he smiled at the couple. “You’ve got a very beautiful little boy.” 
	Tears previously brought on by unwavering pain continued, though now they were shed by unequivocal joy.  Savannah beamed wide upon first seeing the living being she had been carrying inside her so long.  Not a step taken in fear, Zack accepted the child from the medic.  He doubted ever being so happy in his life.  As he saw the mother reaching out from her bed, he started toward her.  This wasn’t something he was going to deny Savannah after all the hell she’d gone through. 
	“Hi,” she said, cradling the boy in her arms.  Savannah sniffled and wiped the stains from her face, but her eyes couldn’t be moved.  This was love, now she knew it. 
	Zack took a knee at her side. “What should we name him?” 
	She tilted her head in perplexed wonder.  The couple had never even considered what to name the child. “Abel.” 
	Zack embraced Savannah, “I love you so much.” 
	She shook her head, “I’m sorry about what I said.” 
	“You don’t have to apologize.” Zack kissed her on the lips. 
	Scott had taken a step back to watch the scene unfold.  As happy as they were to bear a child, he was ecstatic to be part of that.  His uplifted heart would find it a short lived emotion. “Myers, come back!” Walsh connected after changing the frequency on his radio. 
	“I’ve got good news, Luke--” 
	“It’ll have to wait, doc.  We’re en route to the cruiser.  Chad’s wounded.” 
	The couple staring back at their child were finally drawn away from the trance.  What had happened was anyone’s guess.  Scott had just as mystified a look to return them. “How bad?” 
	“It’s not good,” Luke replied solemnly.  He looked on as Jason remained a boost to Chad’s will.  But will alone wouldn’t keep Crawford alive.  The magic question still hung in the air: would it be enough? “We’ll be there in two minutes.  Have your station ready.” 
	“Will do,” Scott answered. “Is everyone else okay?” 
	Luke hesitated.  A deep breath had to be taken in. “Brett’s gone…so is Isaac.” 
	Sergeant Myers felt the fury swell in his veins.  They were all brothers from day one.  Two more had been stripped of life in the blink of an eye.  He felt himself starting to cry, but tried not to show it.  In accordance, Zack removed himself from Savannah and walked toward him. The kid laid a hand on Scott’s arm, then subsequently gave him a hug.  Myers couldn’t hold it back any longer.  His sorrow was heard by all in the room, and similar feelings rushed through the other three riflemen stationed on the Mobile Bay’s bridge.
	Walt kicked down the shredded door.  His eyes bled not of sorrow, but hate.  He’d been sad for so long.  Now, all he could do was replace it with the rage of every day this plague had given them.  Barely three steps into the building, and he spotted movement.  A single person, partially illuminated by the hundreds of holes lining the walls and ceiling.  His right leg was nearly amputated as a result of high caliber gunfire.  It was a stubborn attitude that kept him from going into shock.  But laying eyes upon those of his livid counterpart, he shuddered in fear. 
	The Staff Sergeant raised his pistol. “I lost two of my men.  Tell me why you did it.” 
	“I wasn’t in charge,” the boy replied, his voice quivering. “I was just doing what I was told.” 
	Walt fired a shot into the damaged leg, though above the shredded kneecap to inflict more pain.  The unidentified soul wrenched and bit his teeth. “I want an answer.  Tell me why.” He ordered. “The next bullet is going to be higher.” 
	“You were just going to kill me anyway.” 
	Walt nodded, “Yeah, I was.  But I still want to know.” 
	“This was our city.  But then the zombies took it.  And you killed the wrong people.  This was revenge.” Walt raised his aim ever so slightly and pulled the trigger one time to end another cruel life.  His muscles tensed.  Two good friends were gone.  He hated to be choking on his words.  But Robert was right.  They had accomplished nothing, and people were dead because of his decisions. 
	The Staff Sergeant holstered his pistol.  In a few seconds, he returned to the outdoors to look back at his crew.  A team of seven, most demoralized in shock, others crying into their hands.  All had discerned the fate of yet another.  Aaron finally gave up on his uninterrupted four minute span of CPR.  Even his face was stained with sadness.  Before him, Isaac’s eyes stayed welded shut. 
	Walt leaned down beside the corpse and yanked the chain surrounding Isaac’s neck.  In his hand, a pair of ruddy, metallic tags. “Get him in the truck,” Walt’s voice was hoarse. “Let’s get out of here.” None would get the chance to recover Sergeant York’s body or tags.  They were lost in the fires that continued to blaze.

Day 658
Crossroads

	While the cruiser may have been getting low on food for the adults, a year’s supply of baby formula was kept handy through it all.  Fraternization may have been frowned upon by the Navy, but childbirth wasn’t uncommon on six month voyages.  Since Savannah couldn’t breastfeed indefinitely, she was in luck. 
	Zack walked a corridor, the boy in his arms half asleep and sucking on a pacifier.  He only took his eyes away from his son long enough to watch where he was stepping.  It was strange, how a month ago, he was still tense about how much a burden the baby would be.  Now that Abel was here, he had replaced the fright and worry of two young adults biting their nails for the last ten months with unrelenting care and consideration. 
	Around another corner, he took his eyes off the child to see Robert approaching.  Rob beamed wide. “How’s he doing?” 
	“If nothing else, he got the insomnia from daddy.” 
	Robert took one of the infant’s hands in his own.  The numerous months of wonder since his moments in death and the vision of Nicole had left him to question so many things. ‘Take care of Abel,’ was one of the things he understood the least.  Until the child was born. “Who picked Abel?” 
	Zack shrugged, “Savannah.  After it was over, I asked her why.  Her reply was simple: Dad.  Can’t say some of it didn’t come from the bible, though.” 
	Rob averted his eyes.  He wasn’t big on faith lately.  The bible in his collection of belongings was more dusty now than it had been before the zombies rose.  But he had no reason to read.  Enough happened in the world of today to look back on wordings iterated thousands of years before. “Is she okay?” 
	“She’s never been so happy in her life,” Zack replied with a smile. “This kid makes me a little jealous, because I could never do that well.” 
	Rob leaned in and planted a kiss on Abel’s forehead.  The infant’s eyes were trying to stay open, but he was losing the fight. “You make me jealous.” 
	Zack shook his head. “Please, Bobby, don’t go there.  What happened to Nicole shouldn’t have happened.” 
	“Nothing would have changed it.  She told me herself.” 
	The younger man tilted his head confusedly. “What?” 
	“Nothing.” Robert felt himself nearing the end of his conversation.  Derek had stepped within earshot in the last few exchanges.  He slowed to a stop a few feet behind Rob. “Keep an eye on him for me…and for Nikki.” 
	Zack’s peripheral shifted from Robert to Derek.  The look on Derek’s face didn’t bode well. “You don’t have to ask me twice.” He turned and started back for his and Savannah’s room. 
	Rob watched a few moments longer, allowing the smile to fade from his face when the newborn disappeared from his view.  He spun around and was immediately stopped. “You seem happier.” 
	“Why wouldn’t I be?” Rob asked. 
	Derek licked his lips. “Walk with me.” The two took the first steps on a course to the deck of the ship. “There’s been something in my mind.  It’s been eating me alive like a tumor for weeks.” 
	“What are you talking about?” 
	“I remember what you said when you came back from the dead.  You carried a conversation with your dead wife.” 
	“It wasn’t a long conversation, Derek, I promise you.” 
	“What did the two of you discuss?” Derek stopped at the edge of a set of stairs.  His arms folded and he planted his back against the wall. 
	Rob looked away. “I can’t say I remember all that we talked about.” 
	Derek scoffed, “Let me fill in the blanks for you.  I’m supposed to die, right?” 
	The look on Robert’s face petrified.  He was frozen for speech. “How?” That was all he could ask. 
	“I’ve been asking myself the same question.  But something I find myself asking more is why.  Why wouldn’t you tell me?” 
	Rob shook his head, “D, it’s not that simple.” 
	“Obviously, otherwise you would have answered my question.” 
	“How would you prefer it?  I wake up and tell you what she told me?” 
	Derek shrugged, “If that were the case, I’d still be able to trust you.” 
	“Where did you hear about this?” 
	“You had no problem telling Jacob.  I was unfortunate enough to listen in.” 
	Robert growled. “You don’t understand.  I kept it from you, because I was worried it would mess you up.” 
	“Worse than I was before?” Derek smirked. “I really doubt that.  It didn’t mess me up when that guy Carver said he’d make me beg for death.” 
	“I was looking out for you.” 
	“Not good enough!” Derek clenched his teeth. “I’ve done everything I could.  I did what I believed could keep us alive.  I gave everything I was worth to the outpost.  And just like that,” he snapped his fingers, “Katie was gone.  You could have told me ages ago, but you didn’t.  If you gave a damn about me, you would have told me the truth.  Instead, I had to wrench it out of you.” 
	Rob sighed deeply. “I’m sorry.” 
	“That’s still not good enough.” 
	“What do you want me to say?” 
	“Nothing,” Derek shook his head. “I thought we’d bridged our differences when the undead overran the camp.  But I can see clearly now.  You don’t care about me.” 
	“Derek--” 
	“Stop.  I’m tired of listening to you speak.  Nicole says I’m going to die, right?  I can prove her wrong, just like everyone else.” Derek walked away, though his footsteps echoed louder than missile launches.  Robert fell against the wall, fingers ripping out the hair on his scalp.  He thought he was doing Derek a favor.  Instead, he’d only managed to sever their friendship.  And as much as he tried to deny it, he, not Derek, was the reason it had broken again. 
	The tone was quite different in the mess hall.  Walt had assembled the remains of his crew.  Ten foot soldiers who had previously been obligated to clearing the undead.  Now, many of them wondered what it had achieved in their small time on land.  Two of their friends were taken off the list in a matter of seconds.  In the medical bay, Chad was still recovering from a bullet that otherwise would have ended his life. 
	“Listen up,” Walt cleared his throat. “A few weeks ago, we went into San Diego with hopes of refilling our weapon stocks.  We failed to accomplish that objective, and two of our brothers lost their lives.  As it was my decision to go back to San Diego, I can’t be responsible for any of you.  That’s why I leave you to volunteer.” 
	“What does that mean?” Aaron asked. 
	“After all that we’ve been through, my decisions as a leader have never led us this far astray.  Until now.” 
	“Walt,” Luke shook his head, “speak English.” 
	“I’m going back to San Diego to accomplish our goal.  But I can’t order any of you to come with me.” 
	Jacob stepped into the mess hall. “Where did you think you were going, Walt?” 
	“Since civilian weapon depots aren’t a viable option, I was considering military installations.” 
	“The Naval yard didn’t have enough guns to compensate one of us,” Tanner spoke up. “Where else did you want to go.” 
	Jacob let a smile spread over his face. “You haven’t taken a tour of San Diego yet, have you?” 
	“What does that mean, jarhead?” 
	The Marine shook his head and brushed a hand through his hair, which was now a thick mullet. “Does this really look like a jar to you?  Marines love San Diego, because Marines train in San Diego.  M-Crud is a hop, skip, and a jump away from the airport.” 
	Derek stepped into the room as the matter was being discussed.  Walt shrugged, “Well, if you’re so confident, I take it you’ll be joining us.” 
	“I wouldn’t miss this for the world,” Jacob nodded. 
	Derek cleared his throat, “I’m going, too.” While Jacob recognized the voice, he didn’t have anything against Derek making his own decision.  It’s what made him human, right? 
	Under a midmorning sun, the chopper lifted off.  The coast was lined by an overcast layer of gray clouds.  Finite resources loaded prior to takeoff were meant as a last resort.  The six crew were lucky to have three full magazines for each weapon.  As variable as conditions were on the mainland, few found a reason to be optimistic. 
	A half hour dragged by slower than the weeks of calm.  A storm had to be rising, in Jacob’s opinion.  Jacob was the only one who could stay positive.  Despite flying back to a nation infested by the undead, he had a silver lining to fall back on: he was going home.  His only hope, that home didn’t fall to the plague. 
	Gus took back to flight atop the countryside once minimum safe distance was cleared.  For the most part, he stuck to the beach as a guide.  As Mission Bay swept beneath, Jacob fit a bullet into the chamber.  Quickly scanning across the metropolis, he discerned the flat black straight-aways of the city’s airport.  And directly north of that, his scoped eye ran across a fortified complex.  It looked too familiar to be coincidence. 
	“Pilot,” Jacob clicked his earpiece, “you see the campus surrounded by fencing and wire?” As reflective as the angular wiring struck across sunlight, it was a dead giveaway. 
	“Yeah,” Gus shifted course. 
	Jacob smirked after spotting something, or actually someone.  A few human figures on the ground inside, looking back at the source of chopped wind.  All appeared to be carrying rifles, so they couldn’t have been zombies. “Set her down inside.” 
	Walk shook his head, “You sure that’s a good idea, Major?” He knew better than any the cruelty of human nature. “What’s to say they won’t shoot us like anyone else?” 
	Jacob chuckled, “That’s why I came along, Walt.” 
	Lexie scoffed. “I hate to be honest, Jake, but that doesn’t make me feel any better.” 
	Stomachs lurched with the helicopter’s quick slow to a hover.  On the ground, her occupants could see more than two dozen bodies converging around the landing zone, taking up strategic positions behind cover.  With every foot Gus descended, heart rates of the wary elevated.  Finally, it hit the deck.  As nobody else wanted to take the first step, Jacob accepted responsibility.  Before he did, though, he signaled Gus to shut the helicopter down. 
	First feet on the ground, “Damn, it feels good to be home.” His next three away from the Seahawk brought tension, though.  A warning shot fired into the air, prompting Jacob to stop.  The distance between him and separated fire teams estimated twenty yards.  It was too rough a distance to identify any faces.  Nineteen too far for some, twenty too close for others. “Hello!” Jake yelled across the gap, but no response came. “I didn’t come here for a fight, I’m sure none of you want one either!” 
	“What’s your business here, stranger?” The reply screamed authority, and Jacob was sure he’d heard it before. 
	Jake cleared his throat. “My unit is trying to restore ammo and supplies!  We weren’t expecting anyone to be here!” 
	“We’ve been here since the beginning!  We have ammo for us, it’s not for you!” 
	“Is there any kind of peace we can make?” 
	Walt took a deep breath.  They’d made it this far, but guns were pointed at them.  He spotted Derek gripping fire controls for the door gun, half expecting him to fire.  Just to hold Derek off, Lexie grabbed his shoulder and whispered something into his ear. 
	A moment took longer to answer. “How’s this?  We’ll give you thirty seconds to get back in the helicopter!” 
	Jacob shook his head, “That would serve neither of us!” 
	“Twenty five seconds!” 
	Jacob clenched his teeth in frustration.  He wasn’t about to back off, “Fuck that,” he muttered under his breath.  Out of his hands, the sniper rifle hit the ground.  Next, he drew his .357 Blackbird, emptied six slugs into one palm, and tossed the empty revolver next to his rifle.  It took him a second to pocket the unfired bullets, as he wasn’t about to waste them.  Then, on a dare, he took a step forward. 
	“Turn back, gunslinger!  One more step and I shoot!” 
	Jacob ignored the threat.  His next step went on faith.  As a gunshot echoed, he looked around perplexed.  It didn’t impact soft flesh, but the sound made him freeze in place again. “How many warning shots do you have?” 
	“Last chance!  The next goes in your head!” 
	Jacob smirked. “You’d really shoot one of your own?” 
	The question he’d been waiting for came about. “What’s your name?” 
	“Major Jacob Harrison Warren, United States Marine Corps!” He beamed wide, waiting for the name to register in their ears.  As he took his next step, he was gratified to hear no gun firing.  In a few more steps, he could clearly see the face to match his questioner’s voice. 
	“Hmm,” the man bearing a single star of Brigadier General folded his arms.  His eyes were a deep blue, he had thin graying hair of age and stress, and his bulky, muscular form stood at a height of six feet exactly.  Despite his age exceeding sixty, he still maintained one of the most physically fit persons inside the complex. “I should have taken you for a leatherneck.  Nobody else could do something so stupid and make it out alive.” 
	“It’s good to see you too, Brigadier General Rayburn,” Jacob stood to and saluted. 
	Rayburn grinned, “Hands down, Major.  It’s not official anymore.  Isn’t a chain of command to report negligence to, so there’s no point in flattering me.”
	“Just another devil dog in an undead world,” Jake thrust forth a hand, which Rayburn shook with ease. “How’s it been?  Last time I saw you--” 
	“I was at your discharge, Jacob.  It was disappointing to see you go.” 
	“Well,” Jake looked back at the helicopter, “I had a family to take care of.” 
	“How is Alyssa?” Jake shook his head, but didn’t reply vocally.  The look in his eyes said enough. “I’m sorry for your loss.  She would have made a fine marine.” 
	“Yeah, she would have.  I’ve still got a family to take care of, though.  It was a promise I made to Ally, and I plan on sticking to it.” 
	Rayburn nodded, “I take it the zombies ate up your bullets.” 
	“It’s a little more complex than that, Tom.” 
	“In what way?” 
	“We’re in the middle of a war.  With people on San Clemente Island.” 
	“I’ve heard about them.  That’s a big fight.  How many people do you have to combat an army of that size?” 
	“Altogether, we’ve got a little less than forty.  Half of those aren’t meant for combat.” 
	Tom smirked. “You’re lucky you found us, then.” 
	“I’m lucky you didn’t shoot me,” Jacob returned a grin. 
	“I didn’t want to,” Tom admitted. “I’m actually glad you said who you were before it got bad.  These marines and I don’t like to murder living people any more than we have to.  Before the zombies, it was just a job.  Now that people are turning on each other left and right, it’s downright sad.” 
	Jacob scoffed, “You’re preaching to the choir.  It seems, wherever we go, a fight’s waiting.” 
	The six still on the helicopter were at a loss.  But Derek, who had known his fate for some time, wanted to test the prophecy for what it was worth.  He departed the craft, on a beeline to accompany their fearless leader.  En route, he collected Jacob’s weaponry, but held them in a fashion that didn’t make an accidental discharge a risk.  The other five were hesitant to leave their only safety, but managed to step foot on the ground in the time it took Derek to cross the gap. 
	Jake took his rifle out of Derek’s hands, “Thanks,” he said as he holstered the revolver. “Derek, this is Brigadier General Thomas Rayburn.” 
	Rayburn extended an arm, “Tom, for short.” 
	“Nice to meet a new face on good terms,” Derek shook the hand gracefully.  It might have been the first time he’d smiled all day. “How long have you been here?” 
	Tom recollected his thoughts. “I transferred here as an oversight back in ‘08.  The zombies may have come, but I never left.” 
	Seeing Tom as a potential aid to their situation, Jacob felt compelled to ask the necessary questions. “How experienced are your marines?” 
	“Twenty-three of them are recruits.  Just happened to be here when the world stopped working.  It doesn’t mean they gave up, though.  Any recruit who chose to stay trains at least thrice a week.” 
	“Any of them good with a gun?” 
	“You bet your ass, they are.  San Diego’s fifty thousand zombies less because of their shooting.  The first three months of the outbreak, we had a good little time.  Then the ammo trucks stopped coming by.”
	“I hate to sound desperate--” 
	“Don’t worry, Major,” Tom interrupted by the wave of his hand, “I was a little reticent to help strangers.  The last time we did, two of my soldiers died.  But you’re one of us.  That’s a different story, I know you wouldn’t sell out.” 
	Jacob looked at the helicopter and signaled them forward.  One by one, her five occupants took their first steps away from the craft.  Weapons were kept lowered, but each of them had a finger on the trigger.  In ten minutes, they’d each been introduced to several marines, some without a patch of rank, but some leveled as high as Gunnery Sergeant and one with an officer’s patch of Captain. 
	Walter crossed paths with one patched Master Sergeant.  His hair a deep black, close-cut scalp while a goatee grew unhinged.  His complexion was darker, but his accent was more Caucasian than anybody he’d ever met.  Walt extended an arm, “Pleasure to meet you, Master Sergeant.” 
	“Come on,” he shook his head, “don’t bother with the ranks, just call me Trevor.  It’s a dead chain of command we live in.  Everyone here knows who’s in charge, and it takes another second to say the rank.  Life is decided by the second.” 
	“You got that right.” He glanced down to see one of Martinez’ legs was prosthetic. “How’d that happen?” 
	Trevor laughed out loud. “I joined the corps.  And I don’t delve into details, I just say it was a rough period.”
	“You get disability?” 
	“Didn’t need it.  Soon as I got a new leg, I was running faster than most of these recruits, just like usual.  Sure, they put me to work pushing papers and showing the kids how to shoot properly, but I never gave up on my dream.” 
	“What dream would that be?” 
	“To serve my country…what’s left of it.” 
	Another figure Derek spotted showed more than a few hints of familiarity.  He stopped a peach-blonde kid, the only to have a rank above recruit. “Where you from, Private First Class?” 
	The kid shrugged, “Show Low, Arizona.” 
	“I thought I recognized you,” Derek smirked. 
	“From where?  I haven’t seen you before.” 
	“You got a sister?” 
	He dipped his head reluctantly, “I had a sister.  Could have left base ages ago to go to her, but me and my damn pride.  Doubt she’s still alive.” 
	“You should be a little more faithful, Valdez.  I have a feeling she’s just fine, and raising a newborn.” The look on his face was priceless. “If her name’s Savannah, I’ve got good news for you.” 
	A smile spread over the kid’s face. “Are you serious?” 
	“If pops gives you permission, you can fly back and see her tonight.” 
	The boy brushed his hair in anticipation, “I don’t know who you are--” 
	“Derek.” 
	“Derek, you just made my year.” 
	The tone inside a classroom was friendly, more so than the raiding team expected.  Rayburn cleared his throat, abruptly ending the whispered murmurs and side-conversations. “I understand most of my men are a little on-edge about these new faces.  I’d like to confirm my trust in Major Warren.  He’s one of the bravest and most loyal of any soldier I’ve worked with.  Sorry, that includes you Trevor.” 
	“How considerate,” Martinez replied sardonically. 
	“With that, I’d like him to inform us of their reasons for visiting today.” He stepped aside and waved Jacob forward. 
	Jake took the stage. “Most of you wouldn’t understand our reasons being in San Diego unless I started from the beginning.  Almost two years ago, I located and took heed with a band of survivors at a campsite in Arizona.  But in enough time, our vacancy was depleted.  We were forced to vacate the area or risk annihilation from a much stronger militia force led by a disgraced Army Colonel named Travis Greer.  Our plans led us to the ocean, where we found an abandoned oil rig just off Huntington Beach.” 
	“You missed the part where we hijacked a Navy cruiser,” Lexie cut in.  A few voices stirred in both surprise and worry. 
	“We didn’t hijack a Navy cruiser, Gibbs, because nobody else was using it at the time,” the raised voices hushed themselves for him to continue. “A few weeks at sea, an unidentified enemy approached and we had no choice but to respond accordingly.  After we fended them off, myself and others found it necessary to examine our enemy’s strengths.  Our small scale insertion, reconnaissance, and sabotage operation met success, as we prevented a bombing that would have devastated us.  Their counter-strike failed, but they promised to sink the drill platform if we didn’t surrender our only advantage, the cruiser.” Jacob paused, trying to think of anything he left out. 
	“Is story time over yet, Major?” The one who asked, Sergeant Hunter Swift, was soon scrutinized by the Brigadier General. 
	“When was the last time they attacked?” Staff Sergeant Douglas Weiss asked, though his tone was much more serious than the latter.
	“It’s been several months.” 
	“I ask because about a month back, this city had a lot more gunfire popping and a Navy ship was docked inside San Diego Bay.” 
	Walt cleared his throat, “That was my fault.  In all the silence, I grew weary of waiting.  I deployed my unit into the city to combat the infection.  During one of our raids, we suffered two casualties to human intervention.  I hate to say it, but I don’t think I learned my lesson.” 
	“What lesson is that?” 
	“You can’t beat the zombies, because living humans will still kill you.” 
	“That’s anarchy 101, brother.” Rayburn stated. “We still kill the zombies.  It’s our city, we fight for it.  Most of the population got the hell out of dodge, either by sea or going further inland.  But marines never retreat.” 
	Walter sighed, “Another of my men is recuperating from a brush with death.” 
	“I won’t let you control my boys, but understand that we’ve got your back through thick and thin.” 
	Jacob perked up again. “If you keep diapers in store, we’d be glad to take them off your hands.”
	“Major, I thought you trained here.” Tom was awe-stricken. “You should know this place is a sausage-fest.  Parris Island had all the hotties.  Lexie’s the first girl we’ve seen in years.” Lexie looked around the room to see a dozen or more hungry eyes staring back. “Doesn’t give any of you the right, though.” He sounded more authoritative than in his debate with Jake at twenty yards. 
	“Don’t worry,” Lexie smiled, “I can look out for myself.”
	“How much ammunition would you be willing to sacrifice for us?” 
	Rayburn shrugged, “I don’t plan on giving you too much.  But in place of bullets, I can spare men.  I’m sure a bunch of these guys are ready for a break.” 
	“I thought thirteen weeks of basic was hell,” Private Paul Messer licked his lips. “Then I volunteered to stay for life.  I won’t make that mistake again.” 
	“I have to go,” Mason Valdez rose to a stand. “After what Devon told me--” 
	“Derek,” Derek reiterated his name, though he was a little irate at how quickly his name had been forgotten.
	“Sorry,” Mason halfheartedly grinned, “Derek says my little sister’s on that boat.” 
	“So, you’ve been holding to your prayers every night and God finally came through for you.” Swift replied. “Damn, how I wish I could believe like you.” 
	Mason sighed, “I’m sorry to admit, Hunter, but you didn’t get a choice.  You said your whole ancestry was living in Fontana. ‘Belief doesn’t save you from radiation,’ as you put it.” 
	“Least not in this life,” Hunter reached into his vest for a pack of cigarettes, only to find them empty.  Jacob noticed his lacking and threw a spare over to him. “Thank you, Major.” 
	“You’d better savor it,” Jake nodded. “I’m on my last pack.” 
	“Well,” Walter took a seat at one of the desks, “Jake can pass the word onto my platoon.  I’m getting seasick.” 
	“Same here,” Logan sat adjacent to him. 
	Ten minutes later saw Gus igniting the Seahawk’s engines.  He’d just finished a double check of his instruments when something caught him off guard.  The co-pilot’s door swung open for a dissimilar set of fatigues to step in. “Who are you?” Gus asked. 
	“Captain Andrew Corbin, First Force Recon.” He thrust a hand over, “and who are you?” 
	“Gus Downs…pilot.” 
	“You have any experience?” 
	“Flight simulations and college courses.” 
	Andrew chuckled before fitting a helmet over his bald scalp and obscuring his eyes behind a visor. “Looks like I’m gonna have to show you the ropes.  Flying below buildings and evading rockets, the fun stuff.” 
	“I dodged a Javelin once,” Gus had to get a little pride from his actions, to which Corbin was somewhat surprised. “And if I show you up, there’s another bird on the deck of our cruiser waiting for a pilot.” 
	“Don’t worry, Downs, you’ve got quite a goal if you want to show me up.  I’ve been in a combat zone before.  Dodging a Javelin, though, that’s worthy of my respect.  How?” 
	Gus grinned as he lifted off. “I pulled low around a freighter.  It was a little hectic, though.  Almost lost one of our crew when I flipped a bitch.” 
	In a matter of moments, the helicopter was gliding high over Seaworld.  Derek looked out over the coast.  His feelings of misery and frustration seemed to fade away in the shade of this new light.  After all they had been through, his fate seemed to wash away at the sight of marines joining their faction. 
	Across the cabin, Mason looked out at the endless sea in anticipation.  He’d spent years alone, nothing but him and the soldiers at his side, fully aware that everything he knew and loved was gone from this world.  Somehow he had been proven wrong by the unlikeliest of circumstances. 
	The stretch of flight came to an end much quicker than the occupants expected.  Perhaps the company and conversations made it more enjoyable.  As Gus quickly slowed his velocity to land on the deck, Andrew chuckled. “I see you’ve got a lot to learn.” 
	Gus waited to touch down before he inquired “What?” 
	A crew offloaded, and to ones onboard the cruiser already, it seemed larger than they remembered.  After all, six went to San Diego earlier that day and eight came back.  But oddly enough, more of these people had faces nobody recognized.  Robert stepped up to the helipad, shielding his eyes from the kicking wind. “Got some friends, I see!” 
	Jacob shrugged, “Walt and Mike chose to stay behind, we needed the company.” 
	One of the marines stepped up and held out a hand. “Private First Class Valdez,” 
	“Sergeant Caldwell,” Robert took a second to register the newcomer. “Wait a sec, Valdez?” 
	He nodded, “I think you know why I’m here.” 
	Robert smirked, “Downstairs, crew quarters.” The kid sprinted out of Rob’s sight in that second.  In his place, Derek approached. “You have a good time?” 
	Derek chuckled, “Could have been better.” 
	“About earlier--” 
	“Stop,” Derek lifted a hand. “I wasn’t in the right mind.” 
	“Still, I should have told you.  It’s your life we’re talking about.” 
	“Water under the bridge, brother.  You shouldn’t have kept it from me, but I’ll survive.  I’ve gotten pretty good at it the last couple years.” At least he was optimistic.  Behind him, Rob gestured to Gus and another stranger.  When Derek noticed, the smile only widened. “Seems we got a new pilot, too.” 
	“How many people are out there?” 
	“Altogether,” Jacob reported, “thirty one marines.  Most of them are just kids, but they’ve got a few veterans on tap.” 
	Below deck, Mason was on edge.  He’d already ran down three halls and checked more than twenty rooms.  En route, he crossed path with half a dozen members of the outpost, all of which exchanged him odd looks.  The PFC turned around another corner where he crossed paths with Zack.  And in his arms, something else he was ecstatic to meet. 
	“Hey?” Zack took a step back, concerned of who was approaching. 
	Mason chuckled, “Hey.  Who is this?” He outstretched an arm to touch the child, but Zack withdrew. 
	“Give me a reason why you should know.” 
	The PFC crossed arms, then pointed to the nametag on his uniform. “I’m looking for my sister.” 
	At that moment, Savannah peeked her head out from a nearby dorm. “Mason?” 
	Seeing her for the first time in year brought the widest smile on his face she’d seen in her life.  He sprinted down the hall, bypassing Zack and Abel and quickly embracing her at the far end. “I never thought I’d see you again.” 
	She was already starting to cry, “I thought you were dead.” 
	“That’s been going around a lot lately.  I’m glad you’re okay.” 
	Zack approached, which made her wipe the stains from her face. “This is Zack,” Savannah took the baby from his arms. “And this is Abel.” 
	Mason took hold of one of Abel’s hands. “Abel,” he beamed, “just like dad.” 

Day 701
Cats and Dogs

	In the last forty days, matters on the ground had only gone for the better.  San Diego was nearly, if not completely devoid of an undead presence.  Combined arms had allowed infantry to push forward and make ground on the city.  Though ammunition stocks had gotten low a few weeks after the units combined, a quick trip up to Camp Pendleton restored them to full power. 
	Despite the headway being made on ground level Robert was defiant. Life at sea was a risk, but it was one he was willing to take.  They had yet to lose anyone on the rig since finding it almost a year ago.  He had no reason to leave it, but kept a wary eye.  San Clemente Island’s personnel were somewhere out there, biding their time.  They had all the time in the world to strike the platform in the Mobile Bay’s absence. 
	Robert descended from his post, having lived up to his promise of six hours.  The midday sun was no longer blinding his vision.  From an adjacent room, he heard footsteps.  Rob got a feeling he knew who it was.  Those boots were unmistakable. “How’s the day?” 
	Derek stepped through the threshold, “The middle of the summer.  I’m glad we’re on the water.” 
	“Yeah,” Rob detached the scope from his rifle to clean a smudge that had been bothering him all day. “Back at the outpost, we’d be burning up.” 
	“Damn tides,” Derek took the rifle out of his lap and aimed down the iron sights of an M14.
	“You say it like it’s a bad thing.” 
	“Can it get any better?” Derek smirked. 
	Rob returned the gesture and handed over the scope. “You gonna be alright up there?” 
	“It’s only til midnight, right?  And the cruiser’s gonna be back by noon tomorrow.” 
	Robert shrugged. “Guess so.” 
	Something was odd about Robert’s voice. “You seem off today.” 
	“Just a feeling.  Sixth sense of a sort.” 
	Derek inquired, “Has it ever led you astray?” 
	“No,” Rob shook his head. “I hope it’s wrong this time.” 
	“How many times are you gonna hope and still be wrong?” Derek rolled his eyes.  He took a deep breath, knowing this was one red flag not to ignore.
	Robert sighed. “I’ve lost count already.”
	Derek fit the scope and locked it back atop the weapon.  He patted Rob on the shoulder and started to ascend the crane. “I’ll keep my guard up and you’ll be the first to know, Bobby.”
	A distant metropolis skidded by from a thousand feet below.  No movement on the ground.  It was different to see such a city in this shape.  The last few weeks were all but spent clearing out the city block by block.  Few expected the population to be so slim.  In three days they had been lucky to even find undead to claim.  Today was no different.  Jacob leaned back inside to his seat after scanning for anything they could kill. “Tom,” he yelled into his mike over spinning blades. “How you doing down there?” 
	Along a dense urban street, dust and ashes were all that laid in sight.  Bodies lined the floor from previous encounters. “Not bad,” Tom answered. “You grab me a beer?” 
	“Liquor cabinet’s empty, General.  Any luck on your side, Walt?” 
	“Negative,” Walt walked weapon over shoulder. “It’s slow here.” His unit of ten was pushing through El Cajon.  They had just slowed to a walk when a glimmer caught his eye.  He chalked it up to the sun’s glare on a reflection. “I’m getting ready for a beer myself.” 
	Lieutenant Welker dropped beneath the brush of sunlight.  It wasn’t in his favor, the light directly showing his position.  His only aid in the stalk were a space between the blinds. “Are you in position?” 
	“We’re good to go, Gordy.” 
	“Twelve men, all armed with military equipment--” 
	“And wearing military fatigues.” 
	Gordon cleared his throat. “For all we know, they could have hijacked a platoon.” Gordon loaded a bullet into the chamber. 
	Mike stepped out of an adjacent lobby, “Nada.  We’re wasting our time out here.” He laid eyes on the building for a moment.  The flash blinded him silly. “Wait, did you see that?” 
	Walter jumped to attention.  Something drew him toward it.  Then his pulse spiked, “Down--” The flash of gunfire preceded a thunderous gunshot by fractions of a second.  In an instant, the bullet traveled a quarter mile and impacted Walter in the hip.  He dropped, the instant wave of hell hitting him with hurricane force. 
	The unit dispatched from their unoccupied stance, most taking cover behind nearby vehicles.  Michael was the first to register Walter taking a gunshot.  Before he could move to assist, however, the crack of three more gunshots echoed across the city.  In the second after the fourth bullet was shot, Logan dashed across a small gap to collect his injured leader.  He wasn’t aware of how deadly the wound truly was. 
	As Logan tended to Walter’s injury, Aaron took control of the radio. “This is Yankee 2, we’re taking fire from an adjacent building.  Sharpshooter teams by the sound of the shots and distance.” 
	The memories of Daniel’s death swirled in Jacob’s mind for a brief moment. “Have you taken any casualties?” 
	“Walt’s down, we could sure as hell use some air support.  Those snipers have us pinned.”
	The pilot nodded his head in the instant.  Corbin was a better pilot and more accustomed to this terrain.  Even locating the fire team inside a dense city was easier said than done, but he’d managed well enough before.  Jacob ignited the end of a cigarette, “We’ll be there in one minute.” 
	A second volley of shots went off, all impacting either a vehicle or asphalt, but still close enough to potential targets to make their skin rise.  None of the soldiers had the motivation to fire back.  They were well out of range and would be firing blind.  Trapped, like rats.  Gordy took his eye from the scope. “This is the Army’s finest?  To be honest, I’m not impressed.” 
	“I suggest we get a move on,” another spoke up, peeking his view through a set of mini-blinds. “There’s a bird closing in.  Willing to bet they’re not gonna invite us for coffee.” 
	Gordon chambered a new round. “Try and hit something this time.  This will be our last shot.” 
	“Do what you want, bro,” a third member of the party was already leaving. “I’m not getting shot up over this.” 
	On the street below, the silence of a cold war left a tense feel across the battlefield.  Scrunched up behind several vehicles, none of the uniformed soldiers had a slight perception of a next move.  Mike was sure to drag Walt in close to keep him from being a risk for another shot.  He was in pretty bad shape dealing with the first bullet. 
	Walt fixated his eyes on Michael’s for eternity.  As he and Michael locked, Walt was clearly putting through a message.  He wasn’t ready to throw in the towel yet, not like this.  Through the gap, Michael accepted the message, but wasn’t so optimistic.  From above, the spinning rotors of an approaching helicopter drew his gaze away.  In the instant their connection was cut, Walter’s eyes clamped shut. 
	Mike only looked away for a second.  Seeing the wounded man’s eyes closed, his initial reaction was to check for a pulse.  And when skin grew cold to the touch, Mike’s heart ran cold. “Medic!” He took his hands away from Walter while Aaron attempted to resuscitate him.  Behind his mask, a scream wanted to echo.  Tears begged to cry.  But he had his own agenda to accomplish.  There’d be plenty of time to mourn later. 
	The helicopter precisely landed at the nearest intersection roughly twenty yards away.  While Michael was devastated to think Walter as gone, Aaron wasn’t going to let himself even consider the possibility.  Touching base, Jacob jumped from the Seahawk’s floorboards to a flat layer of tar in the street. “Where are they?” Jacob implied over the radio, his eye scanning potential targets. 
	“White four story building on the right.  Shots fired from the third floor windows.” 
	Jacob immediately zoomed in, dialed in the distance, and took close examination of every potential target.  By now, his ‘duck’ radar would be going haywire.  There was nothing here anymore.  The shooters had abandoned their nest.  Which meant the chase was on.  He immediately gripped the blood-stained rifle of Walter’s when the lifeless body was set aboard the craft.  The marine only took a glance to see it. ‘Scratch one more,’ he thought to himself. “They not up there, means they’re on the move.” 
	Staff Sergeant Logan rose to a stand, his loaded rifle waiting for a target to hit.  As he took his first steps, Jacob put a hand on his shoulder. “What?” 
	“Are you okay?” 
	“Not yet,” Mike dropped into a sprint, crossing the gap in less time than Jacob could hope to consider at his age.  It was something else driving this man.  Rather than accompany Mike on foot, Jacob set foot in the driver’s seat of the closest humvee.  By the time he was putting it in gear, Michael was already in the lobby. 
	Logan took a few steps into the building.  He could hear something foreign, sets of footsteps.  The party of four snipers were just stepping out of the stairway, on a course for their duo of vehicles in the parking lot.  All were caught off guard to see a uniformed soldier in their midst and much closer than they preferred.  By the time one had lifted a weapon to cut him down, Mike was already pumping his second round into the closest target.  He didn’t need a reason, he was just here to clean up. 
	After dropping the first, Mike cut back behind a desk where the sounds of response tripled fully automatic.  He felt the heat of tracers skinning through the desk and narrowly missing him.  But somehow, the pain of defeat couldn’t find him.  He’d lost a handful of good men to evil over the last 23 months.  To cheat it so many times made one believe himself invincible. 
	Mike threw his rifle over the top of the desk and blindly emptied the rest of his magazine anywhere in the vicinity of the unidentified sniper team.  He didn’t accomplish anything.  Slow to rise, he started jogging after seeing the corpse of his first kill unattended and a thin trail of blood leading down an adjacent hallway.  As he sped forward, the sidearm found its place in his clenched grip. 
	Outside Jacob considered a different approach.  Rather than enter through the front like Logan, he circled around to the rear parking lot.  It was tougher than he expected, to find the parking lot access smothered with petrified gridlock.  He had to gun the gas and push through two obstructions.  Directly outside the back door, a black Dodge Caravan parked parallel to a matching black Nissan sports car. Good timing, too, as the three insurgents were using that as a method of retreat. Odd, these guys had a backup plan. 
	The difference between Mike and Jacob was that the latter wished to identify who was attacking them.  Mike was only in this for blood.  True to his intentions, he made line of sight with the furthest man back and popped a shell in his leg.  With the injuries sustained, he fell down and drew his gun.  Mike had to withdraw before he could dispose of the last target, as retaliatory fire quickly peppered the walls and glass door he was hiding behind. 
	Seeing so many things going against them wasn’t a welcoming sign.  They’d always been good at staying out of trouble.  A four man squad of specialists had gone this far with no losses in a dense metropolis.  They’d outlived the zombies, now humans were coming to kill them.  Gordon threw a machine pistol into the passenger seat and ignited the engine for his sedan. 
	Jacob was at odds, as he wished to stop the fleeing suspect but also risked to leave Mike alone.  Seeing the injured man being loaded into the truck, he was confident that Mike could handle the situation.  Jake cut through the lot in pursuit of the sports car.  Seconds after leaving the lot they were in for a rough time, as the streets were still flooded with stopped vehicles and only the thinnest gaps were accessible. 
	Another burst of shots echoed across the space of ten yards.  While the wounded insurgent tried to turn the Caravan’s engine over, his partner threw suppressive fire back at Logan.  He took cover behind a Range Rover.  Metal met metal, pounding against the side panels and shattering windows.  He discerned his opponent wasn’t as good with a rifle as he was with a sniper.  But the complications could only multiply in these times. 
	The SUV roared to life with the most agonizing of noises.  Michael was alone, as much as he tried to deny it.  He quickly stepped into his previous form of cover, ripping wires out beneath the wheel well in an attempt to hotwire the suburban.  As seconds ticked like hours, Logan spotted the fleeing vehicle rapidly departing.  He was out of time, and went on luck swiping two live wires against one another.  It was grateful to feel the car start up without hesitation.  Mike couldn’t hesitate to congratulate himself.  He changed gears and zoomed out of the lot, into a maze of cars slowing the pursuit. 
	The street was short, and with its ending the traffic lightened up generously.  The Caravan jumped its velocity above fifty, forcing Mike to do the same.  Whatever the status was with Jacob didn’t matter to him.  He was going to get these two and make sure they suffered.  By all accounts, Walter was dead and gone.  It was just too much agony for him to take at one time.  The only thing that took that pain away, it seemed, was to kill. 
	Gordon didn’t want to be followed by his pursuers or anyone else which could lead back to him.  This counter attack was much more efficient than the last.  Of course, last time they had the advantage of range, stealth, and surprise.  Over a small bump, the sports car glided through air across an intersection.  Upon impact with the ground, the custom front bumper tore loose. 
	The marine spotted the obstacle grinding to a halt.  It may have looked rather harmless, but sheet metal was like a death sentence to rubber.  Further complicating, a series of blind shots fired through the rear window.  Some would have been lethal to a hypothetical passenger.  Jake froze when his hand gripped the revolver.  He couldn’t kill this man because he needed information.
	Jacob took the brunt of the pain, driving over the damaged modification and taking an impact less than incapacitating for the army transport.  He underestimated military tech in the recent months.  Took him long enough to figure it out.  As the next spray of bullets launched, the marine ducked beneath the dashboard.  Not a second too soon, as the window shattered above. “There’s gotta be something wrong with me if I haven’t shot this bastard yet.” It was ironic, as Gordon had once taken a bullet from Jacob’s gun.  Gordon forced the car left, losing traction and drifting between a number of automobiles.  Only a few meters behind, Jacob didn’t lose a second in correcting. 
	Speeding the opposite direction, the two men Mike pursued were heading toward the beach.  The beach was notorious for heavier congestion.  Before he thought this could be easy, he was also subjected to heavy gunfire.  As a rifle was too bulky to fire out a window with one arm, he picked the sidearm to return fire.  Bullet after bullet hit the hard ground, all on a vector for the right side wheel.  It took longer than he thought for a full magazine to empty. 
	The Caravan sprinted through residential neighborhoods at more than twice the posted speed limit.  Little did they know, speed bumps were a nuisance.  The leading SUV lost control on the road for a few moments.  The driver slammed on the brakes to regain control, giving Mike more room to catch up.  Mike saw his opportunity to end the chase now.  He pounded the gas just before jumping off the speed bump.
	In response to the sudden mass colliding with them from behind, tires became useless.  As the vehicle spiraled down the street, its speed decreased and on one revolution it risked flipping over.  A second speed bump assured the car flipped onto a side.  A grinding, sparks flying everywhere beneath the automobile.  Then everything went silent. 
	Mike stepped out of the car, loading a new magazine and priming the first bullet.  He was careful as he circled to the front of the car. “Show me your hands!” The windshield was opaque with cracks and the glimmer of sunlight, but a hint of movement was easy to spot.  Better to be safe, Mike stepped back around to the underbelly before someone could shoot him through the window. “Get out of the car, throw me your weapons!” 
	The windshield kicked out to show one man still gripping a lethal gunshot to the leg.  His skin was pale, and a pistol in his hands lacked the blood to raise.  He took three steps out before vomiting on the ground.  Mike approached, sure to kick the sidearm out of his hand. “Get it over with,” the man couldn’t keep his eyes open. 
	Michael rose to a stand, pressed his gun into the insurgent’s temple.  He’d asked for it.  This was called mercy. “My pleasure.” His pull of the trigger was interrupted by the vehicle’s rear compartment opening.  Mike wasn’t one to put murder above all, especially if his thirst for vengeance ended up killing him.  He was curious of what made the noise, no doubt the other occupant.
	As his head swung around a corner, a single shot went off.  His foe had gone back to a sniper, now trying his luck with a bolt action rifle.  Too bad for him, Mike thought.  He peeked around the corner quickly, got his shot off, and put the sniper on his back.  As quick as he fired, Mike was surprised to see it enter the chest.  This man had nothing to save him now.  All that was left to do was finish the job.  Mike raised his weapon and pulled the trigger once more. 
	Less than three feet away, the other had all but the life drained out of him from bleeding out. “You killed my friend.  Why?” Mike centered the gun over his chest. 
	Two labored breaths were required for him to answer. “Go to hell.” 
	“I’ll meet you there,” Mike laid three bullets digging deep into the murderer’s chest.  The deed was done.  He’d gotten what he wanted. 
	It was different on the sea.  Everything was quiet.  The few calls of gulls nearby.  Splashing waves and rising tides.  Peaceful.  Rob had almost forgotten what this felt like.  Damn technology. “Robert, go to secondary.” 
	Clenching his teeth, he gripped the radio in his hand and changed channels. “What’s the situation?” Over the radio, he heard the line click more than five times.  People loved to eavesdrop when there was nothing else to do. 
	Sergeant Scott Myers was just stepping out of the recruit depot into hurricane dusts from the landing Seahawk. “Walter sustained an injury.” 
	“What kind?” 
	A pause, “You remember back in San Diego Bay?” 
	“Danny?” 
	More hesitation. “Yeah.” 
	Robert shook his head in agitation.  He told Walter this would happen. “How bad is he?” 
	Scott covered his eyes and yelled louder into the mike. “They’re landing right now.  Give me a sec.” Greeting him, Aaron had a traumatized look in his face. “Gift, you good?” 
	Aaron shook his head, “He’s not breathing.” 
	Scott hit the radio, “I’ll have to get back to you.” Instantly, he and Aaron took hold of the stretcher and sprinted inside. 
	It was irritating to be put on hold.  That meant it couldn’t be good.  And he wasn’t the only one on the rig to know.  Reluctantly, he rolled his eyes. “It’s your own fault, Walt.” Robert didn’t intend to sound cold blooded, but he warned Walt about the mainland a long time ago.
	Deeper inland, the pursuit of Jacob’s suspect was taking them through Alpine in the westbound lanes.  Less congestion, Jacob remembered.  There was only a single blockade and they opened it on the way in.  He was cut off from his thought after forcefully dodging a spherical object being thrown from the driver’s seat.  Once again, he’d dodged death, though this time his good ear was put under a moment of silence. 
	Feeling this was getting ridiculous, Jacob drew his revolver.  Six shots.  He only needed one to blow a wheel.  Around a wide corner, Jacob pulled up along the right side of the sports car.  His aim centered on the iron sights, he closed his left eye and shut out the peripheral.  Zoned in and under control.  The blast back from the revolver fired inside blew out the three windows that had managed to avoid gunshots so far.  Jake was numb to the blast, his eyes focused on a tire ripping to shreds.
	In the moments notice after having his tire blown, Gordon’s advantages ran thin.  Gordon peeked up through the rear view mirror just before a thumb pressed a blue button installed on the console.  He suddenly jerked forward with the firing of nitrous oxide boosters.  Its short lived success pushed the car ahead more than a hundred feet.  His grip on the wheel was harder to control with the combination of a boost and a rim.  Whatever the matter, Gordon probably wouldn’t outrun Jacob.  There was only one alternative. 
	Jacob was surprised at the repercussion.  He continued to chase, knowing the boosters wouldn’t get him much further.  A blown out tire and high speeds didn’t mix.  The best thing to do was stay back and let him burn himself out.  At least get out of range of his blind fire. 
	Up ahead, the blockade was pushed aside and left a clear cut opening with a lane to spare.  Nothing Gordon would likely crash into even at his speeds.  He could keep control.  The thought occurred to him and a smirk came to his face. Gordon pulled the pin, but was sure to keep a death grip until in optimal position.  Even with opposite his throwing arm, he made a clean toss into the humvee’s interior.  At the distance, Jacob didn’t notice. 
	The marine pumped the gas, seeing the suspect didn’t collide with the block.  He’d be back on him in no time at all.  But something clicked in his brain and pleaded him to press the brakes.  He never abandoned a voice in his head because they were never crazy voices.  In one second he was accelerating past eighty, the next decelerating below twenty.  It was something about that block, he would be sure of it soon enough. 
	The concussive detonation exploded the vehicle off the ground only a moment before its gas tanks igniting.  The proximity destroyed the sister humvee parked alongside.  Two carcasses of military transports rolled into the middle of the way.  Jacob slowed to a stop, understanding there was no other road he could use to follow.  It was over. “Damn it.” After thinking it over, staring into the smoldering wreckage and watching a pair of taillights grow more and more distant through the flames, Jacob reached for his pack of cigarettes. 
	He didn’t go anywhere for a moment.  If he went back, there would only be more grief and anger to weather now.  In times like these, it was good to enjoy the little things.  Being out in the middle of nowhere, surrounded by nothing.  Not even zombies would disturb him.  A cigarette fitted between his lips. “Another day, another life.” He took a couple puffs. “I only wish I had something to drink.” 
	Back at the site, six of his followers were in shock.  In the blink of an eye, a leader of theirs for years was taken away.  How could it be?  Wasn’t he the best?  Wasn’t that was he was in charge?  Death was a tragic matter, and this only confirmed the worst of it.  Nobody was invincible. 
	Staff Sergeant Logan stumbled across the squad, most of which were hypnotized by blood stains on the ground. “Was anyone else hit?” 
	“No,” Olsen shook his head. “Did you get them?” 
	Mike nodded. “I slaughtered their asses.” 
	Tanner nodded his head, wiped a tear, and spit on the ground. “Good.” 
	Flying low across the harbor into Avalon Bay, Carver took hold of a telescopic lens.  One of their coastal rivals had killed the brother of a Navy SEAL.  Payback was going to be brutal.  Carver had thought it through a million times, the sensation of achieving that sweet revenge.  Death never had a taste.  Now he was starving for one. 
	Another had a rifle primed, staring through a similar scope. “The ship isn’t there.” Eric sounded surprised. 
	Carver smirked. “I know.” 
	“Would you take this as an opportunity?” 
	“If you sink that rig with the chopper, you get a pay raise.” 
	Eric laughed. “Come on, you don’t pay us shit.” 
	“Consider it taxes,” Carver chuckled. “We strike at midnight.” 

Day 702 
Thunder In the Dark

	A dead echo of salty tides washed along the oil rig tonight.  There seemed to be no sign of life.  But was that really different from any other day?  Derek took up a position aboard the top of the crane.  He was starting to get drowsy.  Nothing a shake of the head couldn’t cure.  Luckily his shift ended ten minutes ago.  Robert was supposed to be catching up. 
	On the second level, Robert was hurriedly running to take up his post when he crossed Brooke in the lounge. “Hey,” she said. 
	“Hey,” his quick reply. “I’m late for my shift.” 
	“Derek can take five minutes longer.  Besides, I want to know what’s going on with you lately.” 
	“Is this why you’ve been up so late the last few days?” 
	“We never talk.  About things.” 
	“Like what?” 
	“Well, Nikki, for one.” 
	Robert looked away.  He didn’t want to think about it.  His last encounter was apathetic compared to her life.  All she seemed to do was bring him bad news. “What about her?” 
	“Have you moved on yet?” 
	“What?” Robert shook his head confusedly. 
	Brooke smirked. “Lexie’s got feelings for you.” 
	“Lexie’s taken, by Chad.” 
	“Not in her opinion.  She’s been waiting for you to open up.” 
	He sighed deeply. “Last time I opened up, I buried my wife and unborn son.” 
	“Son?” Brooke tilted her head. “How do you know?” 
	“I just do.” 
	“You can’t be alone like this all the time.  There’s a world of people out there holding on to you.  They look to you as a leader, honest, dedicated above all.” 
	“That’s exactly why.  Everyone has a breaking point.  I don’t want to reach mine again.” 
	“Talk about a sheltered life.”
	“I tend to shelter myself away when the world goes mad.  First it was my parents.  Then my CO…then Nicole.  Everything I touch turns to dust.” 
	Brooke wiped a tear from her eye. “I’m sorry to hear it like that.  But I haven’t given up on you yet.” 
	Robert let a grin spread over his face. “Thanks.  I really--” 
	“Bobby, come back.” The message from Derek sounded urgent. 
	“What is it,” Robert called back, stepping out of the lounge and toward the south corner. 
	“I see a pair of lights approaching fast.” At the same time, Robert heard the rapid thumping of helicopter rotors. 
	“Jacob,” Rob keyed up, “is there anyone coming back in one of the Seahawks?” 
	“Negative,” Jacob recalled.  He and several others were still sitting outside the surgical room where Walter was being operated on.  He gritted his teeth for the moment they’d confirm it.  He’d been brought back once before in the last few hours, but finding a matching blood donor was harder said than done.  Luckily, there happened to be one O negative among the grunts. 
	Robert froze in place. “Oh, shit.” The thumps grew louder. “Mobile Bay, it’s happening.” In another second, he recognized the pitch like daylight. “We’ve got an Apache coming toward us.” 
	Derek raised his weapon to fire.  A series of bullets greeted the armored glass plating on the front of an AH-64 Apache gunship.  All of a ten round magazine was depleted to find the helicopter coming in even faster.  Worst of all, news came back from the cruiser. “We cannot track any helicopter in your airspace, it’s too low.” Logan reported. “But radar confirms at least fifty vessels on an approach vector less than twenty miles out.” 
	“Start firing on targets now.  Combat personnel report to your positions.  Noncombatants move to the safe room.” The helicopter brushed alongside the second deck, giving Rob a look directly in his eyes.  The stalk before the kill, Robert thought as he clipped the radio to his belt.  He rushed back into the lounge. “Brooke, you need to get downstairs.” 
	“Come back from this one, Bobby.  I’m not done talking to you.” She hurriedly started for the storm bunker. 
	As the middle aged women stepped around the next corner, Robert took the moment to grasp the location of the enemy chopper. “Gus, do you copy?” 
	“Go ahead,” Gus ducked as the helicopter circled past him. 
	“As soon as we take that bird down, you’ve got to start airlifting people off this rig.” 
	“Understood.” 
	What the hell was he talking about.  Taking down an Apache helicopter required precision, arsenal, and finesse.  All the outpost had were a couple of grenade launchers and leftover RPG-7s.  Robert let it sink in, fully aware that the attack helicopter could sink them in a matter of seconds pending it carried a supply of rockets.  For that matter, they happened to be the least bit fortunate.  Fifty shrill rings pierced everyone’s ears as 30 millimeter rounds tore through walls like butter.  The silence was even more worrisome, as the helicopter continued its horrifying stalk in the dark.
	Jacob and Chad were sprinting out of the gate, guns at the ready.  As soon as the marines heard an attack was imminent, Corbin was checking the last of his instruments.  As soon as both stepped aboard, a quick ascension throttled them away. “It’s going to take us a while to get there.” 
	Neither answered, both regretting leaving their home and its people.  They were alone, only a handful of soldiers to assist aboard the platform.  His daughter’s promise echoed in Jacob’s mind yet again.  The only thing that kept him human.  He was breaking his promise, Jake firmly believed. 
	Rob peeked his head around the corner.  The kicking dust had led him to it.  But the moment he peeked, another random spray of automatic weaponry shredded the walls and he dropped prone.  The gunfire forced Rob to restrain himself, but he couldn’t stop worrying about the rig’s structural integrity…not to mention her hosts.
	After letting off another burst, Eric ascended to the top floor.  Even after spotting the Seahawk on the rig’s helipad, he didn’t consider blowing it to hell.  He was trying to kill anyone. Until now he didn’t have any luck. 
	Kyle peered around an opposite corridor.  He was armed and loaded but cut off from the rest of his unit.  It was starting to scare him.  He peered around the corner to spot the helicopter.  Understanding one way to take down a chopper, he started to fire at the left engine just beneath the spinning rotors. 
	The pilot recognized an attacker in the moment and turned the 30 millimeter chain gun at the muzzle flashes with a simple turn of the head.  Kyle saw it coming moments too late.  He couldn’t prevent what would come next.  The pain didn’t singe him as hard as he thought.  But that was shock trauma, wasn’t it.  He accepted the brunt of more than three high caliber bullets through his body.  And the instant after pain grew quiet, cold, alone. 
	Nobody onboard had noticed Kyle’s departure.  But hearing a number of friendly gunshots followed by retaliation and silence made Lexie’s lip quiver. “How the fuck are we going to take this thing out?” 
	Robert turned his head in surprise. “Where’d you get a mouth like that?” 
	“I get a little antsy when we’re about to die.” She sighed. “Not like you ever noticed.” 
	Rob swallowed his fear. “What does that mean?” 
	“I met you more than a year ago.  I lost my fiancee, you lost your wife.  I wanted you, and I know you wanted me.  But to this day, I have yet to get a kiss--” 
	Rob leaned over and pressed his lips to hers.  Too short to savor or get stuck on, he shrugged. “Did you like that?” 
	“No,” Lexie smirked, “but I could get used to it.” 
	Rob changed triggers to an under mounted grenade launcher. “God, I hope you don’t.” He rose to his feet and sprinted away.  Lexie scoffed reluctantly.  Her view swayed to see the streaks of smoke left behind from more than a dozen ship to ship missiles.  Distant explosions lined a horizon glistening with molten fiberglass.  She fell flat on her back when the next wave of 30 millimeters unleashed. 
	Finding the helicopter was harder when the stalk began.  Attacking an oil rig, it could circle indefinitely and approach however it wanted.  Rob needed to find a window, and one that wouldn’t get him killed either.  He leaned into the shadows and waited silently, a cold breath filling his lungs.  The world around felt quiet.  Concentrating for the slightest sound.  His eyes opened a moment before the helicopter crossed his peripheral.  Flying parallel looking for something to shoot. 
	Rob took a step out as the helicopter was passing at ten feet away.  He launched a single grenade from the mounted tube.  Its trajectory was close, but he had misjudged the distance.  Nor did he find the grenade launcher a favorable choice.  Beneath the wheel well, the grenade impacted and knocked the pilot off his heading for a second.  The landing gear was demolished by the explosive.  However it didn’t affect any of the matters it needed.  Rob emptied the shell canister to shove a new warhead in his gun. 
	From the pilot’s perspective, Eric was jarred by this near fatal accident.  Fate was on his side, but he put it more to having a bigger gun.  He swung the gunship counterclockwise to respond.  Eyes up, piercing every shadow for a sign of movement.  Finally it struck him, as the next attempt was fired directly in front of him.  Eric jerked the stick hard to avoid the device by a matter of inches.  Then he clamped the trigger. 
	In Rob’s mind, a voice leapt out. ‘Run,’ it said.  And it sounded a lot like Nikki.  But who in their better mind wouldn’t?  Rob dropped the gun and sprinted out of his nook.  The rage of fire shattered glass panes and dug massive holes throughout the path Robert was taking.  The pilot was toying with him.  Luckily, he had a few tricks of his own.  But the one he’d hoped for, colliding the helicopter with the crane, had failed to follow through. 
	Rob dug into a nearby room when the pilot had to look away.  He took a deep breath, falling on his back and letting a grin spread over his face.  By fate, his lost love was keeping him alive by the skin of his teeth.  The excitement of survival was ended quickly at his realization of dropping the rifle out in the open. 
	From a freighter’s bridge, Miles looked over the distant exchange.  He slid his teeth, thinking about what they were doing.  It was Carver’s orders that led them to this.  He made the threat, but he didn’t plan on following through with it.  Carver assured it would happen, in revenge for his brother Dylan. “Are you sure about this?” 
	Carver chuckled, “You never were much for the bad things in life.” 
	“I never lost a brother, either.” Miles pointed out. 
	“If Eric can’t sink it himself, we’ll send everything we’ve got.  I’ve made a mission template, one we can handle with ease.” 
	“Why wasn’t I briefed about this?” 
	“It was my call.  I don’t need you second-guessing me.” 
	“What did this mission entail?” 
	“Teams approach the individual legs and plant demolition charges.  Two should be enough to sink it.” 
	Miles nodded his head, “Doesn’t sound half bad.” 
	“All of the men who agreed to participate have their reasons.  And they’ve been waiting for payback.” 
	“So why’d you send Eric on his own?” 
	“I have a firm belief he can sink that rig without putting any of our people at risk.” 
	Miles scoffed. “A little late for that.  The cruiser sunk seven of our craft from almost a hundred miles away.” 
	“Every war has its casualties.  This is the deciding factor, and it’s on our side.” 
	Onboard the rig, the situation wasn’t improving in any way.  Backup was still at least twenty minutes out.  If the Apache pilot tried, the oil platform would be well on its way to the ocean floor by that time.  Rob outlived his usefulness, the only tool in his aid dropped a hundred meters away.  Not like he carried any more explosives to launch out of the weapons system.  Bullets would still hurt, but how many would he need to bring the monster down?  More than he’d get the chance to fire.  The risk was too great. 
	Another level above, the chain gun depleted another three dozen tracers into walls, floorboards, and into an adjacent support beam.  He’d taken one life, but the others seemed too great a challenge.  All Eric needed to do was wait for a hero to emerge.  The courageous ones always seemed to accept their fate better. 
	His eyes left visual contact with the rig when the radar beeped.  A heat signature wasn’t too far out, speeding too fast to be a boat on the water but too slow to be a surface to air missile.  He had plenty of time before the beacon would be in nearby airspace.  Judging by the indicator tag adjacent to the anomaly reading UH6, he knew it wouldn’t be a hard fight.  Of course, he’d have to keep an eye on the gun’s ammunition count.  In other words, he’d have to sink the rig efficiently. 
	A single moment taken away was just the window Derek required.  After skidding to a halt on a patch of frost, he focused one eye directly along the cylinder slung over his shoulder.  Even the slightest squeeze of the trigger, the blow back put Derek on his back.  Momentarily stunned, Derek glanced up to follow the unguided warhead’s spiraling path of smoke. 
	The pilot looked up in time to see a grave disturbance flying on a direct intercept.  Any evasive maneuver he wished to perform wouldn’t react fast enough to dodge.  His surroundings went silent, clenched teeth and closed eyes praying on a miracle.  Fortune came in his favor, as the last second before impact swung the RPG down and away.  He took a deep sigh of relief before retracing the spiral of smoke back to its origin.  By the time he found Derek, the latter was on his feet sprinting away. 
	Derek abandoned the empty launcher, preferring a lighter load and a faster escape.  Since his opportunity failed, he had to duck and cover.  He heard the rotor blades circle around a corner support before the pilot could accurately fire.  A sixth sense blared in his ears over the chopped winds moments before the chain gun spun up again.  Thus, Derek cut into an open doorway. 
	The heavy, high speed calibers cut through the surrounding interior like butter.  The color and unrelenting velocity of said bullets had more an appeal to lightning than butter.  Derek lifted a foot in mid-stride, a blink of an eye later its place being shredded by artillery.  Every step he took, though, the pursuing shells seared closer and closer.  In the next second, they overtook him completely.  Derek froze in place, waiting for the nerves to react.  He checked his extremities for spilt blood.  But he hadn’t been touched. 
	The random river of lead swung back in the other direction, as though the pilot knew he missed.  Derek didn’t waste a second to spin around and sprint in the other direction.  Ahead only a few feet, a door previously unopened and questionable as to where it led served as an obstruction.  Now wasn’t exactly the choice time to find faith, but there was no going back or changing direction.  Derek prepared for the hard impact, his shoulder ready to take the brunt.  As he collided, the unthinkable happened.  The door, previously assumed barricaded from inside, swung open with almost no effect on Derek’s momentum.  Derek lost his footing in surprise, then quickly flattened himself on the floor.  Shortly after dodging artillery by the skin of his teeth, the chain gun had to stop and cool down. 
	Derek kicked the door shut, a moment to late to notice his impeccable escape.  Part of a chain hung adjacent to the doorway, and on the ground strewn marred pieces of a padlock and its chain.  Beside the door frame, a wide hole left all the evidence required.  The helicopter trying to kill him had in turn crafted Derek’s escape. “Thanks,” he chuckled before his boots found level footing. 
	Deeper in the darkened room, his joy was suppressed.  He took an awkward step, as if dizzied by the suddenness of shock or the invasive smell.  The oil they had yet to find was not shipped away prior to day one.  A room full of drums stared back at him, bringing the skin on his neck to rise.  They’d been living atop a powder keg for almost a year.  Now that he knew it, a single spark in the wrong place could have put them at the bottom of the ocean. 
	“Rob,” Derek sent over the radio, “I’ve got bad news.” 
	“You’re telling me, Derek.  That chopper’s still flying and I’m all out of ammo.” 
	Derek gulped before he continued. “I found the oil.” 
	“What oil?” 
	“The oil we thought was gone.  They didn’t ship it away, it’s been in a storage room locked from the inside.” 
	Rob shuddered, “How much?” 
	“A dozen barrels, maybe more,” he peeked out the door.  The spinning blades were still close by, no doubt the pilot was biding his time. “I need to lead the chopper away, otherwise we all die.” 
	“Derek, wait!” Robert’s plea went unheard.  Derek had made his choice.  To grasp his fate with no thought of oneself, but instead hope for everyone else.  Outside, he drew his sidearm and pumped three bullets into the Apache’s armored underbelly.  He’d gotten the pilot’s attention, but didn’t have a better idea than to run afterwards. 
	Rather this time, the fire fell angular, as if a heavy rain of scalding hot steel was falling around Derek.  Derek dashed in the direction he came from.  Whether he reached the RPG launcher didn’t cross his mind.  He was ready and willing to sacrifice himself for the others.  In previous weeks, he denied what would kill him.  But in his mind, it became clear.  It came down to the nobility of one or the suffering of all.  He could handle dying a hero. 
	His next footfall was hindered by a misplaced floorboard, knocking Derek off his feet and planting him face first onto the deck.  In a lightheaded stupor, he gripped his blood-stained nose and slowly spun his head back to the impending doom of rapidly approaching streams of golden metal.  Time seemed to slow as death loomed so close.  Was this how it would end? 
	The deck parallel to the Apache didn’t mind any attention, to which Lexie had been hoping for.  She ducked behind a panel of sheet metal, anticipating her moment to fire.  In that instant, Derek’s slowed perception of time struck her as well. 
	Eric had been twisting his neck either way to strafe the floor below.  He kept a clean distance of ten feet from the rig, going no faster than five miles per hour.  Time for the kill.  A smile drew over his face in anticipation. “Check.” 
	Lexie rose to her feet and fired the missile.  She hadn’t predicted the rocket’s outcome like others, but simply aimed for the bulk of the chopper at its nearest point in time.  The pilot did get a chance to see it, but its proximity was much too close to evade.  And it didn’t randomly dodge in this instant, either.  The warhead detonated upon impact with the Apache’s tail rotor.  Through the clouding smoke enveloping the uncontrollably spinning craft, Lexie spotted the pilot’s panicked look.  She smirked, “Sit down.” 
	Derek shook tensely, seeing in the moment and proximity the chain gun stopped firing.  Less than six inches.  His boots felt hot.  Above, he heard the spinning rotors, though they spoke of ill consequence.  He looked up to see the chopper’s uncontrollable swing.  Without a tail rotor, it wasn’t staying in the air.  And determining its sudden twist in momentum, it wasn’t going straight into the water. 
	For the first time in her life, Lexie felt a sixth sense calling out to her.  She glanced back to a horrific sight.  The Apache landed on an inverted axis.  As rotors dug into the side of the wall, the body was kicked forward at a much faster rate.  It’s first impact on the hard metal detonated both engines in the blink of an eye.  Out of the ashes, the fuselage rolled on its side on a crash course for her. 
	Her legs were carrying her faster than she could think.  She couldn’t think.  The basics of survival.  Run or die.  Never worked like it was supposed to unless it really happened.  Ahead she saw a chain dangling off the far corner.  In her moment of clarity, Lexie dropped into a slide, slipped both hands around the chain, and disappeared over the edge.  Meet feet behind, the helicopter corpse burning molten ashes slid over the side of the rig.  Lexie watched as the craft made impact with the ocean.  The fractions of inches that decided her survival.
	From the freighter’s bridge Miles was astounded. “No way.” 
	Carver jerked the binoculars out of his hands. “What?” He got the chance to witness himself.  The helicopter falling into the ocean. “I told you, Miles.  We had a contingency for this.” 
	“Contingency?” Miles was shocked to lose one of his better friends in that moment. “They just shot down an Apache!  Themselves, no Navy cruiser helping out!” 
	“This is going to happen, Miles.” He pressed in an earpiece, “Secondary fleet, move up from Avalon.  We’ve got a war to fight.” As more than a dozen different responders clicked in, Carver chuckled. “You know how I know?” 
	“How?” 
	“I only enlisted the best, because I trained the best.  SEAL Team Zero.” 
	“Zero?  Why?” 
	“We are nobody’s weapon but our own.” He looked out the rear facing windows to see upwards of forty more vessels leaving the harbor. 
	A few seconds passed before Derek reached Lexie, her sliding down to his level on the same length of chain.  She took a stand on solid support once again. “How’d you like the show?” 
	“Not bad,” Derek said with a smirk. “I thought I wad dead for sure, though.” 
	“Not bad?” Lexie scoffed. “I took down an Apache helicopter, Derek.  By myself.” 
	Derek shook his head, “No.  You needed me to be the bait.  You got a lucky shot.” 
	“What about dodging the fireball?” 
	“That was,” Derek tilted his head, “edgy.” 
	Lexie giggled, “No pun intended, right?” 
	Robert cut across the line. “Report!” 
	Derek called back in the instant, “Enemy helicopter is destroyed.  Start the evac.” He looked back at her. “You should be on the first chopper out of here.” 
	“Too many civilians, Derek.  Not yet.”
	“Women and children first.” Derek insisted 
	“I’m not going anywhere yet.” She looked over the bow.  The waters were waving differently. “We need assault rifles.” 
	As she sprinted around the corner, Derek was slow to follow, “I’d prefer myself a sniper rifle.” 
	Terrence scratched his head, looking through it for the third time. “I don’t understand that at all.” They had gone a limited distance, stuck to kick the streams at a measly 33 knots.  They were ready to launch the next load of missiles.  What had surprised the crew enough to get Terry’s eye made even him gasp in worry. “Rob, I’ve got some bad news.” 
	“I wasn’t planning on getting my hopes up,” Robert shot back dryly, “we just shot down that damn wasp.” Listening in, Jacob and Chad were somewhat satisfied. 
	“Where I was previously tracking 43 targets in the Catalina area, that number has more than doubled.  And a large concentration is approaching you directly.” 
	Robert’s heart sank. “Fire everything that you’ve got.  Abort them if they’re going to hit the rig, but take down anything coming at us.” 
	The unit of seven soldiers organized in the most effective of ways.  For the most part, the weapons of choice were light machine guns, for the heavier round and better chance of incapacitating a target.  Range didn’t really matter, they could only shoot things almost directly from above to hit accurately.  As the fleet grew closer, McKown and Bowman laid in prone position on the bottommost level without exposing themselves. “Look at the bright side.  When they sink us, we’ll only go what, seven hundred feet?” 
	“Probably four hundred if we make it to the top of the drill,” Tyler replied sarcastically.  He wasn’t much for near death experiences.  He just did his job like they all did.  Just another day at the office…not counting the gunship trying to kill them all. 
	“Do you know where your partner in crime is?” 
	“The Specialist?” Tyler shook his head. “I haven’t heard from him in more than an hour.” 
	“Clemens, do you copy?” David requested.  No response came through in the first few moments. “Repeat, Specialist Clemens, come back.” The third time was enough. “Kyle--” 
	“David,” Robert called. “If he hasn’t said something by now, he didn’t make it.” 
	The top floor was host to a flurry of winds and a crowd of eleven people, two of which were sheltering an infant child.  The helicopter lifted off without incident, rising away from the helipad gently.  Gus confirmed it on the radio, “This is Gus, I’m en route to the Mobile Bay with a full load of civilians.” He looked back into the rear compartment. “Miguel,” he reported to the young man with hands on the trigger. “You get one strafe out there.  Make it count.” Miguel nodded silently. 
	As Gus lined up to quickly descend on their approaching enemies, he and several others heard Jacob’s report. “Fifteen minutes.” Miguel spun up the mighty turret, his rage swelled stare piercing the distant targets which would soon be scrap metal.  The pilot carefully scanned all of the first line of speedboats gunning forth with machineguns shooting back at them, though very inaccurate at high speeds over waves.  None had any rocket launchers, but he could never be sure at his altitude or in this darkness.
	 The Seahawk tipped forward, racing on a steep incline until one hundred feet off the water.  Miguel squeezed this teeth in unison with the trigger.  His vision blared in the first instant, forcing him to squint.  A quick adjustment saw him pouring rounds into the closest three.  He kept the gun firing at all times, since he wasn’t trained on distant targets.  Nobody had training these days. 
	Miguel didn’t miss a beat, having sunk nine of the ten first line and still had enough ammo to take out the last.  Roped alongside a number of the vehicles were inflatable rafts.  The one he missed had the same outline.  Something was up. “Gus, turn me left.” 
	“We’re out of here, Miguel.  I’m not making another risk with civilians onboard.” 
	“I need to take out that last one right now!” Miguel screamed back at him. 
	Gus silently thrust the pedals ninety degrees left.  The chase was on. “Roger that,” the pilot swore under his breath. 
	Zack looked up to see Miguel.  The look on his face wasn’t normal.  It wasn’t what he was usually like.  Zack could see commitment in his eyes under a face white with horror.  These people were all he had left close to his heart.  He was acting accordingly for retaliation and with just the right spice of vengeance. 
	Zack swung his eyes back onto the sleeping baby in Savannah’s arms. “How do you do it?” 
	“Do what?” 
	“Keep Abel napping in the middle of all this.  I can’t keep him asleep when its naptime.” 
	“Mother’s intuition,” she leaned in to give him a quick kiss on the lips. “I love you,” Savannah whispered silently.  Zack wrapped his arms around her and the child, praying in his mind that nothing bad would happen. 
	As soon as Miguel had his peripheral back, he focused down the target for his final kill.  Already dislodged, the zodiac raft shot forward with a team of six soldiers holding on for their lives.  Miguel took out the speedboat with ease, then fired back on the speeding raft as it closed in on the corner strut of the mammoth platform.  Miguel was able to put last of his twenty rounds in and around the only remaining target. 
	The raft was flipped by the first shell, its crew thrown into the ocean no more than twenty feet away from the corner strut.  Miguel didn’t get much in his opinion, but he’d decimated more than half the team in the blink of an eye.  Reluctantly, he leaned in toward Gus. “They’re out of commission.” He took a seat in the adjacent row. 
	Gus let out a deep sigh of relief. “We’re away,” he reported, flying out of the airspace and leaving a clear path for the next wave of enemy ships thirty seconds away.  Robert took a knee in silence, praising the moments left over.  The place he had come to know and love.  So much silence exchanging all the bloodshed for a life at sea.  But the sea was even harder to fight.  Where did they have left but the sky? 
	Among the wake of silence, it was a storm Outpost Seven had never survived before.  Travis’ militia of a hundred or so mercenaries were nothing compared to these guys.  A crimson-stained hand clutched the grimy pillar with all the strength it had left.  The soldier coughed out a mouthful of blood, feeling the singe from a shot into his left knee.  Pain was temporary.  And this man didn’t want it to last any longer than necessary. 
	The wounded SEAL climbed with all his might against a splash of waves, eventually rolling over onto a bottom floor catwalk.  Slow to a stand and dizzied from blood loss, he limped around the column with two blocks of C4 in hand.  After setting the bombs equivalent distance around the corner support, the nearly dead soldier leaned against the rail for support.  He looked out to the distant horizon.  In his hand, the detonator primed.  His thumb pressed down, his eyes closed to better accept the embrace. 

Day 702 Part II 
Descent

	A violent tremor knocked everyone off their feet.  Slow to rise, Robert was the first to hear the metal frame being twisted and stressed. The platform tilted to a degree.  And with a powerful slam, the movement subsided instantly.  Across from Rob, Derek was slow to breathe relief, as if the slightest displacement of weight would cause the platform to sink.
	Rob carefully rose to a stand, forced to balance himself against the walls.  The rig had taken a powerful punch, having a corner support vaporized and now inverted fifteen degrees.  Rob wiped a brow of sweat from his forehead.  For all intents and purposes, they were on their own.  Their opponent at sea did something unexpected.  For the first time, they came out of nowhere and dealt the first ominous blow back at the outpost.
	Several people aboard the fleeing helicopter were inclined to look back at the distant explosion.  A large plume of smoke rose from the source, but the rig wasn’t going under.  It still made some question. “Bobby,” Miguel called in, “you alright?” 
	Rob gulped, “As far as I know.  Jacob, the rig has sustained heavy damage.  We need to evac as soon as possible.”
	“I understand Bobby, we’re going as fast as we can.  Best estimate still puts us at least ten minutes away.” Now he really did regret leaving the rig.  The enemy was coming for blood.  Jake hated to resign the rig to its fate.  But if it miraculously survived one detonation, what’s to say two wouldn’t put it under? 
	Rob growled, “Damn it.” 
	Miguel invaded the line. “Rob, that first wave of ships I took out.  Some of them were carrying inflatable rafts.  And judging by what I saw, they were heading for the corner.” 
	“Well,” Derek took an M4 carbine off a nearby table. “Now we know their plan.” 
	Robert didn’t waste a second. “Lexie, I need you and Farad to get eyes on the west support.  McKown, take your team and watch the east.” 
	“Roger that,” Lexie answered “we’re on the way.” 
	Derek clenched his teeth. “This is all my fault.” 
	Robert shook his head and pressed Derek against the wall. “Don’t go blaming yourself.  This is no time to get a conscience.” 
	A thin smile drew across Derek’s face. “Understood, Sergeant.” 
	Mitch stepped through the threshold.  Neither of the two were prepared to see him. “Where do you want me?” he asked while selecting a matching rifle from the weapon locker. 
	“I thought you were on the Seahawk.” Derek stated. 
	Mitch shook his head, “When it came down to it, there was one seat left.  It was either me or Miguel.  And since I’ve got on the job training, I thought I could spend another nine minutes on our doomed beachfront property.” 
	“Glad to hear it,” Rob started for the door.  As he stepped into sunlight again, the next volley of twenty tomahawk missiles were in the air much closer to the rig than ever before.  It was raining artillery right above them.  The first explosions signified contact.  Five hundred feet from the damaged structure, the second line of twenty five craft showed no sign of turning back.  As accurate as the missiles were at range, the techniques of certain drivers shaved them from a definitive end.  More than half of the missiles made impact, yet a dozen gunboats refused to descend.
	Robert started along the pathway leading to the underbelly.  Below the rig’s personnel and machinery base, endless pipe-work and support beams lined the surroundings.  In this light it was tough to see from the outside.  Behind him, Derek and Mitch couldn’t stop checking the three legs keeping the drill afloat.  The squad continued until less than a hundred feet off the water, spread out near the north corner.  Neither of the above teams would get this vantage, making Rob’s positioning key to the platform’s resistance. 
	More than a half dozen mobile shooters started to fire wildly at the rig and her people.  From the surface and on the move it was harder to spot human beings.  The return fire did an ample job to give that away.  Lexie and Farad had their eyes on two boats skipping over the waves on a beeline.  But for every bullet she fired, the least consequence answered. 
	Farad felt his spine tingle.  He grabbed Lexie by the collar and dragged her to the ground.  The inaccurate return fire would have claimed another.  Lexie shivered when her eyes examined the aftermath.  A hole carved clean through the floorboards between her thighs.  She sent Farad a look of thanks, but he was already back to work.  Lexie rolled back into her stance. “Thanks.” 
	“I owed you one,” Farad replied.  He was too focused, throwing single shots downrange as the speedboat and its connected deployment raft finally got within reach.  No room for error at this point.  Farad and Lexie concentrated on the nearest contingent of boats.  Lexie heard her gun rattle and click.  While she had to refill her stock, Farad was responsible for the final shot.  He corrected a few centimeters, sensing he was on his last bullet in the clip, and fired. 
	The next instant had his target speedboat losing control, flipping over, and shattering across the ocean surface.  It was a bit more than 200 feet from the rig, but at the speed it was traveling survival for her passengers wasn’t guaranteed.  Farad was amazed with himself, but didn’t get too confident.  The job was far from over. 
	From the opposite end, Senior Airman McKown and Private First Class Bowman weren’t having much more luck.  But of the seven craft still afloat, only two burdened SEAL teams and unmistakable zodiacs roped to the chassis.  Both received the most attention, although distance to target was the most problematic concept to master.  Only when the closest randomly shifted directly for the corner did either of the soldiers work their hardest to compensate. 
	The driver caught a bullet, his moment of agony taking hands off the wheel.  There was no correction to be made.  Forced by the waves, the speedboat jerked hard right, lost contact with the water, and barreled over a number of times.  A number of smaller splashes on the water confirmed more than five bodies were kicked from the debris.  The few that did survive the crash didn’t let the hindrance phase them.  Thrashing water gave light to two men swimming for the east corner.  David reacted as he was expected, pounding several shots into the water and ending two more lives.
	From the lower levels, Rob, Derek, and Mitch were able to get more range, having descended to fifty feet over the ocean surface.  They were using long maintenance catwalks that traveled from corner to corner and alongside the drill mechanism for routine checkups.  The perfect vantage, Robert felt himself starting to believe.  It was much easier for the three of them to put enemy craft out of commission on more parallel ground. 
	The radio raised static. “This is Terrence, missiles away.  You’re going to be out of support for a couple minutes, the silos need to reload.” 
	Rob growled. “Don’t keep us waiting long, I already see the next wave of ships coming in.” He turned from the southwest to straight south.  Where once the oil platform’s southernmost column had stretched deep beneath the ocean, a crippled mass of twisted, charred metal now leaned unsteadily on the strut base.  Whatever had happened there couldn’t happen again.  All their lives depended on it. “Has it been ten minutes yet?” 
	Derek sardonically checked his wrist, as there was no watch to recount the time. “Couldn’t tell you, Bobby.” He took aim, moving along to the northwest and peering into the iron sights of his rifle.  Yet a sniper was better suited for matters like these.  Accuracy, range, and stealth all in one package.  Not to say hitting a moving target was easy, single fire was simply preferable when every missed shot could cost a life. 
	The third wave struck like lightning to ground.  In unison, a streak of eighteen missiles didn’t hesitate to set flames above watery graves.  This time, every warhead’s detonation was spot on.  The island’s massive fleet was entirely present for the battle, but rather relying on wave formations to avoid mass casualties.  Through the billowing smoke on the horizon upwards of forty vessels of various models pressed on.  It was a sinking feeling in their hearts to see so many approaching so quickly.  Bad time for big brother to need a reload. 
	As many shots as the individual teams fired at targets of opportunity, the response was deafening.  Just like the attack helicopter left a path of death and damage, mounted guns from twenty vessels lit up in unison.  If they weren’t bouncing around so hard on waves, defending members of the outpost wouldn’t have stood a chance.  A snowball’s chance in hell that anyone on the platform would make it out.  In the back of Robert’s consciousness, he felt a dark force pressuring him.  It could only get worse. 
	As randomly as the fleet of ships were strafing, turning, and dodging return fire, few could determine exactly which support would be their next target.  In fact, a speedboat and a yacht honed in on the west and north pontoons respectively.  While Lexie was able to shoot the speedboat’s engine out from a distance, Robert wasn’t so lucky with the yacht.  The target he tried to hit was protected by a thick layer of bulletproof glass, so spider webs formed in the place of holes and blood-stained glass. 
	When within twenty feet of the north column, the yacht suddenly turned.  Her cargo, a SEAL team of four members, kicked across the waves with more speed than Rob anticipated.  His eyes caught the matching wet-suits, all identifying marks of nationality removed for the sake of the country.  The Navy SEALS were on their doorstep.  The dark antagonist had a face to match the feeling. 
	Rob pounded out the first two shots, aiming for human beings rather than the raft they used.  Pulling the trigger a third time, the weapon clicked silently. “Shit,” he swung his head back to Derek. “Derek, north side!” 
	By the time Derek had eyes on, the two uninjured operatives were already climbing onto an adjacent catwalk.  He was able to get one shot off before they retaliated.  Robert was pressed hard against the metal grating, the singe of tracers no stranger to him in these wicked days.  Derek jumped behind cover using the massive drill and crane to cut line of sight. 
	The retaliation seemed never ending.  Wide sprays across the entirety of the platform’s undercarriage, as the shooter wasn’t looking for something to hit.  He was the decoy while the other surviving SEAL planted the same amount of charges.  Robert carefully found a full magazine and filled the empty slot.  As soon as the fire abruptly stopped, he peeked his head out ever so slightly. 
	He located the team stepping aboard the zodiac for retreat.  Once they got out of range, they would blow the charges.  Robert couldn’t let that happen.  As the two crossed paths, Rob let a single bullet fly.  It’s flight course penetrated the sternum of one, exited, and still had ample energy to enter the stomach of the second.  He watched the first fall with no life to him.  The second dropped to his knees, a blood-stained hand tightly clenched around the entry cavity.  A spurt of red mist coughed from his lips. 
	Robert kept focused, but he was compelled to see this man’s suffering until the end.  But with his free hand, after having to stabilize himself into a seat, he reached into his vest.  Rob would have expected the picture of a loved one to rest as the final thing that met his eyes.  But instead, he was horrified at what he saw.  The SEAL sent him an evil stare, before depressing his thumb on the detonator pin. 
	Robert was allowed a split second to scream his warning. “Brace!” The explosion matched the destructive capability of the first and its shockwave further stressed the platform.  In the first moments, it tilted even further.  Their proximity to the blast sent all three members of Robert’s team flying off the catwalks.  As Rob flipped end over end, all he could see was the water getting closer and the rig getting farther.  Robert, Derek, and Mitch submerged in the dark ocean, all stunned by how quick matters worsened. 
	As none were capable of reporting underwater, Lexie took over the radio. “Jacob, the rig took another explosion,” creaking metal suddenly jolted to a violent halt as it did the previous time. “We’re afloat, but I don’t know how much longer.” 
	Jacob peeked through the side door. “Copy that, Lexie.  We’re less than four minutes away.” 
	Hours seemed to pass in the moment.  Robert couldn’t find the strength to reach the surface.  His worst doubts felt so surreal, having to peer through an unkempt salt-water surface to see nothing but darkness above.  Would that darkness soon submerge and bury them under the surface?  At least drowning was the most peaceful way to die.  Finally, Rob lifted his head above the water. 
	A few meters away, Derek was already quick on his heels.  All their electrical equipment had been fried as soon as they hit the water.  Which meant they were deaf to the extraction’s arrival.  Derek planted his hands onto a central stairwell right next to the drill.  He laid on his back, taking in the success of outlasting the explosion in relativity to the war zone in the backyard. 
	He held out an arm for Mitch, next to dry his feet.  Rob was still a few yards out.  They were all in for a surprise when sprays of fire kicked up water only a few inches away from Robert.  Mitch raised his weapon to fire, but wet bullets were useless bullets.  And as he had no waterproof ammo satchel, the rifle was useless unto itself.  To this facet, Derek was also horrified to see his gun wouldn’t fire.  Rob already knew his sniper rifle was out of action for this battle.  Which left only one alternative. 
	Pulled out of the water by both Derek and Mitch, Robert conveyed the message as well as he could. “Run!” The three dashed up the stairs.  All around, whistles and clanks mentioned bullets landing on nearby surfaces.  They had more than four flights of stairs before the upstairs interior could conceal their whereabouts.  And rather than focus on the goal, most of the vessels had started to shoot anything that moved. 
	Rob had taken a firm lead of the pack.  He wasn’t going to die here and now.  He still had too much to do.  And strangely enough, it felt like the killers were only trying to kill him.  Around the next bend he nearly lost footing on wet boots.  Beforehand, he managed to grasp both sides of the guardrail and afterwards used them to ascend even faster. 
	Second in the pack, Mitch had taken to skipping a step for every stride he took.  He peeked back only momentarily to see the tumult in all its glory.  Innumerable flashes of light sparking all around the shimmering Pacific Ocean.  War, in all its horrific destruction, was a work of art to specific eyes.  But he couldn’t linger on it. 
	The ascension didn’t take as physical a toll as any of the three expected, even in drenched clothes.  They’d been living on the rig for almost a year now, and traveling up and down stairs was a daily obstacle they’d all come to know and love.  The final stretch of catwalk lined up in front of Rob before a tough metal wall would absorb the bullets.  He put all the energy in his legs, gaining a few steps on the two in back. 
	Mitch let a smile come to his face, seeing home free right in front. “How many of Rob’s nine lives is he gonna--” the question was cut short.  Derek felt the moisture of blood splatter on his face.  Mitch’s head bobbled with a crimson hole dug in his back.  A shot lined up with the brain stem.  There was no hope of survival.  The soul of Mitchell Root evaporated from their company.
	As the lifeless body started to fall, Derek took Mitch into his arms.  The last few steps were made incredibly harder by the weight of it all.  Not just physical, either.  Behind safety, Derek lowered Mitch’s body and felt the strain of sorrow screaming for release.  He couldn’t deny it.  Neither could Robert, hands in his hair and fumbling with his words. “Derek…we need…we,” he cut himself short, and let a sob out of his lungs.  Such a good person, a believer, a friend, a hero.  And this is how his fate had been decided. 
	Derek wiped the blood from his face. The red did a favor to conceal his anguish.  He lifted a hand over Mitch’s dead eyes.  Derek rolled them back carefully, as if not to disturb the peace he had been given.  In one hand, another of the outpost had been slain like a dog.  In the other, another of the outpost had been freed from a mortal life.  It wasn’t how he probably wanted it, but you can’t win all your battles. 
	Jacob clicked on his radio as he took in the sight of it all.  The rig’s damaged structure, dozens of black smoke plumes, and a series of white wakes on the blue surface said all that needed to be said. “Eagle One will be on the deck in thirty seconds.” 
	Lexie tapped Farad on the shoulder. “Then let’s get the hell off this thing.” 
	The sound of chopping winds picked up in the next moment.  Rob, though still shaken, tapped Derek on the shoulder. “The chopper’s here.  We need to go.” 
	Derek nodded. “I know.” He slipped a hand under Mitch’s shirt collar, soon enough to find a pair of dog tags.  Tearing them loose from the body they no longer served, Derek handed the metal plates to Rob. “They’re gonna want something to bury.” 
	Rob dug them in his pocket. “Derek, we’re out of time.” 
	Out of their sight, a third SEAL team had swam under the platform.  Their destination was the only thing keeping the rig on three legs and thus preventing its collapse.  Only by sheer miracle did it manage to stay afloat under the current circumstances.  Though the drill had been lifted to a degree, it still set beneath the ocean floor.  A few meters below the surface, two shaped charges were planted against the interior of the drill, specifically the pump used to retrieve oil.  And with that, the two person unit had vanished into the darkness, no doubt swimming as far away as possible from the hell to come. 
	Robert raised Derek to his feet. “There’ll be plenty of time to mourn later.” 
	Derek shook his head quickly, “You’re right,” he answered.  The traumatized look wiped off in a second.  He was on Rob’s heels as they quickly ascended the first steps leading to the top deck. 
	As four personnel in matching uniforms stepped aboard, Jacob was perplexed. “Where are the others?” 
	McKown sighed, “Kyle’s gone.” He never found a body to verify it, but the silence was just as good an answer.  He’d reported for duty when the Apache arrived, so there was no other reason. 
	Jacob tilted his head, “What about Rob, Mitch, and Derek?” 
	Lexie shrugged. “They went downstairs.  I haven’t heard from them since.” 
	Eavesdropping, Corbin wasn’t in the best of moods. “They’d better hurry the hell up.  I’m not staying here to sink with the drill.” 
	Jacob leaned into the pilot’s compartment. “We’ll wait as long as necessary, Captain.  Is that understood?” 
	Andrew chuckled, “Yes, Major.” Still, even as an officer, he was someone else’s bitch. 
	Going the distance now became harder said than done.  While Robert wasn’t about to abandon his M110 sniper rifle for the lighter load, Derek didn’t hesitate to lose his M4.  Around the next bend, they saw the stairs leading to the top deck staring back at them.  The helicopter rotor blades grew louder as they were encompassed by a dark night and the calm breezes of open air. 
	They had little but to jump through a couple hoops and a small set of stairs before they’d be home free.  Derek had dropped behind a few yards, unable to maintain the fitness of his younger cousin.  The gap went unnoticed by the leader.  Crossing the plantations with disregard for the fruits and vegetables growing, Rob turned a corner to see the Seahawk waiting. 
	Jacob looked up, as though something was amiss. “Where’s everyone else?” 
	Robert didn’t understand the question as he set foot in the craft. “Mitch is dead,” he swung his head back.  Where Derek had been following only a few seconds ago, nothing but an empty helipad filled his stricken eyes. “Derek!” he screamed, but the rotors were too loud to let his plea be heard. “Shit,” he set his rifle on the floorboards, “I have to go back and--” 
	Lexie horse-collared Rob in an effort to keep him aboard. “You go back for him, you both die!” 
	Rob wrestled her hand loose, “That’s a risk I’m willing to take!” He froze in place, hearing the click of Jacob’s revolver.
	“I’ll make it easy for you,” the marine spoke coldly. 
	“We can’t leave him,” Robert protested.  He wasn’t afraid of Jacob pulling a gun.  Jacob may have been a tried and true soldier, a veteran, and a murderer of thousands, but he wasn’t going to shoot one of his only remaining friends. 
	“We’re not,” Jacob growled. 
	Through a distant veil of white, Derek was mesmerized.  He wiped his eyes of the grime and sweat, mostly trying to get the vision out of his head.  Was this how Robert saw Nicole?  The surrounding mechanics and design of the platform lingered in his peripheral, but sheets of pure white filled an adjacent hallway.  The light was almost blinding, enough so that he had to cover his eyes. 
	A person, slender in figure and donned in white robes, filled at first in a partial silhouette.  Her hair was beautiful, her eyes sparkled with every step taken, and the smile on her lips was impossible to mimic.  Derek felt the hair on his skin rise, feeling the misery of losing her evaporate upon first sight with her again.  A smile spread over his face. “Katie?” 
	A deafening explosion made the hallucination fade in a moment’s notice.  Derek was knocked off his feet by the brutal reaction.  He was slow to rise, sure that he was dead.  How he had something so miraculous turn him away from survival was beyond his comprehension.  The light was just too spectacular to ignore.  He clambered to his feet, no doubt in his mind that this last detonation would surely sink the drill platform and anyone onboard.
	Vibrations felt through the helipad didn’t convey well.  Andrew made contact with Jacob. “I can’t stay her indefinitely, Jake.” 
	Robert’s look of worry doubled in the instant.  His mind whispered back to him with no relent. ‘Come on, come on.’ His teeth had never been clenched harder.  Jacob saw the fright in his eyes. “Hover off the deck, we’re not leaving him behind.” The helicopter’s rotor blades gained just enough speed to take it a matter of inches above the slowly collapsing structure. 
	The explosion’s precise location was undue for a chain reaction.  Oil slicks still lined the pump and immediately caught fire.  The gun powder was lit, little to do but follow a trail of volatility and chaos.  From the drill crane’s towering structure, small spouts of fire ejected all the way up to the top. 
	Derek turned the final corner, his saviors in sight.  They were just off the ground, but it was evident they were still waiting.  Dropping into a dead sprint, he was momentarily stunned when a burst of combustion spat from an adjacent pipe.  The entire rig was lighting up like Christmas.  He didn’t miss a beat, though had to put his arm over his eyes to take the burn.  A single moment in an inferno melted the hair from his forearm and was sufficiently hot enough to give him second degree burns on the extremity. 
	From here, every step taken the helicopter didn’t appear to draw closer.  He was stressing every fiber in his body to gain that footing.  Less than twenty feet, Derek’s heart had never pumped faster in his life.  His breathing caught up to him, but the adrenaline was working harder to keep him at speed.  The passengers aboard continued to urge him with hand signals and yells blotted out by chopped air. 
	It didn’t take much longer for the volatile chemical to find its way into the powder keg.  Flames reached the storage room full of oil drums.  In the next moment, Derek’s world went deaf.  Derek was knocked from his feet as the quake was exponentially more powerful than plastic explosives, coupled with the shockwave from the drill structure mushrooming into a massive fireball.  The heat given off was sufficient for even Jacob to feel. 
	As much as the drill tried, this final blow was too much to manage.  The rig dislodged from its only support, slowly shifting into a downward angle.  Derek saw his surroundings turning end over.  He wasn’t going to die like this.  He struggled to get his footing, as the entire platform was trembling.  From behind, beams from the incinerated drill fell all around. 
	Andrew peeked a look through the window.  From what he could see, Derek was still too far away.  The matters were made doubly worrisome when Jacob screamed, “Lower!” 
	“I’m holding altitude!” Corbin screamed back, “The rig’s going under!” 
	The next several seconds didn’t seem to move.  Everyone was frozen in fear.  All they had to do was wait another few steps.  But the platform in all its glory was tearing apart on its rapid course into the ocean.  Despite the hectic downfall crashing around, Derek didn’t lose a foot to shaking or the incline building by the second. 
	He didn’t set a foot on the steps leading up to the helipad.  At the edge of the landing zone, Corbin had safely navigated the helicopter just off from the rig.  Derek put the last bit of push into his legs.  The edge loomed forward, he left solid footing to make the jump.  Robert had an arm out, his own pulse reaching for cardiac arrest.  Derek’s jump was far and commendable.  But in all its glory, it failed to be enough.  Little but a finger crossed Rob’s palm. 
	Rob launched himself from the helicopter, but both Jacob and Chad stopped him from diving in.  Rob leaned his eyes out over the edge.  Everything went numb.  The rig was still detonating, though its previously slow collapse became instantaneous.  Derek’s body flipped over to get one last look.  Rob clenched his teeth, watching as the man he’d considered a brother for so many years took his final, agonizing breath.  Then water consumed, naught but a white splash where his person had been before. 
	Robert Caldwell took a seat after taking endless moments to look down.  Above the splash, the rig toppled over.  Nobody could have survived that fall, let alone the debris slamming down on top of him.  Rob’s world started to spin faster than he could account for.  His vision blurred, and all went black in another moment.  Everyone but the pilot noticed his collapse and wide open eyes bearing a look of death. 
	While Lexie broke down in a corner and used Chad’s shoulder to cry on, Jacob was quick to check.  Robert hadn’t sustained an injury to gunfire or the explosion.  His pulse was still there. “He’s in shock,” Jacob’s throat was dry.  Rob wasn’t the only one to witness a good man fall to his death.  Nor was Robert the only one who knew it would happen regardless.  Jake ran a hand through his hair, but even he was finding it hard not to grieve. “Corbin.” 
	“Yes, sir,” Andrew’s voice was just as hollow. 
	Jake wiped his eyes, “Get us out of here.  There’s nothing left.” The helicopter flew away from the grim sight, a former manmade structure now gone, replaced by rolling flames skipping on the ocean.  Three souls lost in less than an hour, all close to the hearts of many.  What prophecies are fulfilled when only the wicked and the dead remain?

