



Outpost Seven
Genesis

Joshua Clark



































Prologue
The Mist

	In the darkest of forests and mountains, the stars always gleamed brighter from the heavens to the earth.  The half moon offered shadows to the treacherous terrain.  This wasn’t some vacation in the middle of nowhere.  This wasn’t a journey of any pleasure.  Every pound for every minute of nine days brought two men to this point.  Soldiers of considerate talent and valor.  Disguised by the brush that surrounds their every action, bearing face paint to match, and armed with high powered rifles, this duo was not to be trifled with.
	Sergeant Major George McGill was in charge.  He volunteered for this operation before anyone else could.  And only then, did he consider one person for this final task.  Not a man of great strength or fearlessness.  Simply a man who would do what was necessary to preserve life.  Not exactly the ideal mind for the task of US Army sniper.  But with more courage, aspiration, and dedication than any other man he’d seen in combat.  His name was Robert Caldwell.
	McGill was aged, by now entering his fifties and to this day gladly serving on the frontlines.  His bones were no more brittle than Robert’s.  His physical and mental abilities outran Sergeant Caldwell’s by a mile.  Such discipline was perfect for combat.  Back home it was lost on the family.  Family, one thing that McGill never did and probably never would talk about.
	George inhaled a breath through his nose.  The air stank of pollution.  No doubt they were close. “Sergeant,” he whispered through the brush.
	A patch of weeds fumbled for a second when the spotter looked up. “Yes, sir.”
	“We’re clear.” George rose from the ground.  Both had spent the hours of sunlight carefully trekking through a valley below to reach this point.  The heavily patrolled route was hard to navigate without alerting anyone, thus counting more than fourteen hours to travel three miles.  George clicked his radio, “Rook One to Queen, we’re on approach.  Roughly a half mile from rally point Alpha, over.”
	Robert climbed to his feet.  He’d been wondering why he was dragged into this pit for more than a week now.  He spoke with an underlying Australian accent. “Why the hell did you bring me here?”
	George smirked. “I needed somebody I could trust.  But I needed you to come here because of you.”
	Rob tilted his head, “What does that mean?”
	“You’re almost done with a five year enlistment, and you’re doing the same shit I’ve seen for years.  I saw a glimmer of hope when you stood up to Greer, but you’ve dug yourself back into the hole.”
	“What hole?” Robert thought he heard something behind and snapped to it.  After a few seconds Robert was satisfied no hostile was on their back.
	George put his back against a tree to let Rob catch up. “You don’t care.”
	“Care about what?  All I’ve seen for five years is death, chaos, and anarchy.  I’ve shot thousands of bullets at an enemy without a face.  Three of my best friends from school died in the last year.”
	“Exactly.  You think everything’s hopeless, but you’re here now.  You don’t see that as a sign?”
	Robert rolled his eyes. “People die every minute of every day, Sergeant Major.  What difference would it make if it were me or you?”
	“Well,” George cleared his throat. “If it were to happen to both of us before sunrise, then we would be the first of millions.” George stopped again and put a hand on Robert’s shoulder. “That’s why I brought you here, Rob.  You have nothing to live for because you think there’s no tomorrow.  After tonight, the rest of your life will be yours.”
	Rob scoffed. “Whatever you say, old man.”
	“Life is never about the end, Sergeant.  How you live your life defines you, not whether you live long or die young.  Your friends were unfortunate and possibly unnecessary casualties of a war they didn’t understand.  But they left an impression on you by the lives they led, not how they came to an end.  You’ll carry those traits for the rest of your life.”
	Robert let the words sink in.  But now was not a time for sentiment. “Tell me about Reaper.”
	George shrugged, “It is something that cannot survive tonight.  It is a biological weapon, a very precise breed of virus, and one of our world’s worst fears.  A monster that kills your body while working up to your brainstem.  It can kill in a matter of hours or as little as fifteen minutes.  And your body becomes the virus’ pawn, reanimated to spread the contagion.”
	“A ‘zombie’ virus?” Robert felt a shiver run up his spine.
	George nodded, “I see you’re familiar with the term.”
	Rob tilted his head. “Kinda hard to get through school without talking about the undead.  But I wasn’t one to think it could be real.”
	George peered through his scope while leading the two across a channel of water. “It wasn’t until a few weeks ago.  The persistence of a few misguided souls can lead us to the brink of apocalypse.  Our worst case scenario--”
	Rob interrupted him, “Worst case scenario for zombies?”
	“They’ve got a hundred page book of scenarios, Bobby.  But it would be nothing compared to the real effect of this.  A single host could bring Manhattan to her knees in ten days.  A country could be turned to ash in six weeks.  If it were to jump oceans, our world would be lost.”
	Robert chuckled, “You sure picked a wonderful spotter for the most important mission to date.”
	George laughed.  He spotted a patch of light through the trees. “I see something.” The air was fresh and clear to McGill’s nose.  But he could smell something foul through the mist. “Watch your corners, Sergeant.  We’re close.”
	“Roger that, sir.” Robert checked the bullet in the chamber.  It had yet to fire.  Nine days of what seemed like endless torment and he hadn’t even pulled the trigger yet.  His body was weak.  His mind was dragging his mass along, or whatever was left of either.
	George clicked the radio as he continued through thick Ukraine forest. “Rook One to Queen, do you copy.”
	“Copy that, Rook,” A voice spoke over the radio. “What is your status?”
	“Queen, we’re roughly five hundred meters from the complex.  I’ve spotted it on thermal.”
	“Rook, the compound is housing four fighter planes.  Until they are destroyed, air support will not be deployed to the airspace.”
	“Copy that, Queen.  We can handle them.” George took his hand away from the radio.  He shot a glance back at his spotter. “I’d be lying if I said this was going to be easy.”
	“Suicide missions rarely are.” Robert replied.
	“Let’s move.  Keep it tight.” George raised the barrel of his gun, starting a concise journey to the edge of the forest.  Robert was close behind with an ear monitoring behind.  Given the conditions, it was simpler to judge by ambient noise than line of sight.  A sniper’s eyes were seasoned to the peak, but they were only human.
	George slowed when he realized the vegetation was tapering off.  He dropped to a knee beside one of the trees marking the clearing.  Ahead roughly fifty feet stood a chain-link fence taller than ten feet with barbed wires pointing out.  Beyond that, a cluster of almost a dozen structures shadowed a mile long runway.
	The Sergeant Major spoke up, “Rook has arrived at rally point Alpha, over.”
	“Copy that, Rook.  Your primary objective is to sabotage the research and development labs.  The chairman of the operation is a target of opportunity.  Take him out if you find the chance, but do not compromise your primary objective.”
	George nodded, “Roger, Queen.  Do you have a fix on those planes, over?”
	“Affirmative, Rook.  They are being housed in two hangars on the north side of the compound, over.”
	“North side, roger that.  Any surprises we should be informed about before bullets start flying?”
	“Watchtowers with sharpshooters are posted every hundred meters around the perimeter, over.  Recent imagery suggests at least two hundred hostiles are in the compound.  Be aware, Rook, we have no ground level information on the buildings and their purposes.  You will need to go inside to discern the R&D labs, over.”
	“How many buildings, sir?”
	“Our insider claims there to be two, but he went dark several hours ago, over.”
	George grunted, “Shit.”
	Robert heard the same transmission, “Are we compromised?” He asked his elder.
	George licked his lips, “It wouldn’t be the first time I walked into a party that was waiting for me.  But we’ve come too far to scrub the mission.”
	Robert gave the territory a glimpse through his scope. “They don’t look like they’re expecting company.”
	“The enemy has always found ways to practice ignorance.” George knew from two decades of experience. “But if they were expecting us, those fighters would be in the air already.” He glanced at his watch, “Sun on the horizon in less than an hour.” Both veterans could see the darkness of night fading under navy blue sky. “Once that sun’s up, we lose our stealth and we could lose our extraction.”
	“We’d better work fast, then.”
	George nodded. “Rook to Queen.  We are proceeding with the mission.  Will relay as soon as hostile air support is out of commission, over.”
	“Roger that Rook, good luck.” The radio clicked off.
	“Those towers have two snipers each.  We’re going to need to take a few eyes off the battlefield if we want to get inside.” Robert had his eye behind the scope. “Closest tower on the right.  Do you see the one scanning with the rifle?”
	“Yes,” Robert whispered.
	“Send it on three.  I’ll take his spotter.” Robert steadied his breath.  He let his arms and hands tense to reduce the sway of his aim.  Taking a life was never easy, but Robert had long ago accepted that evil men filled the world.  As little faith he had still coursing through his veins, he tried to believe God would sort the just from the wicked.  As a taker of many lives, Robert had long ago resigned his fate to purgatory.
	This mission wasn’t just a sabotage and assassination.  Intel reports stated that success of this mission was critical to prevent the release of a biological weapon on the world.  And if this virus were to escape, oceans and borders would not stop it.  The virus in question conveniently codenamed Reaper was not typical to any biological weapon.  Somehow the scientist who grandfathered the weapon had engineered a parasite infectious enough to eradicate the human race, and a virus that no vaccine could cure.
	Robert laid his index finger on the trigger when he heard George’s voice. “One…two…three.” As he spoke, both silenced rifles fired with utmost precision.  A fraction of a second passed before the ballistics found their victims.  Precision headshots.  Nobody heard a weapon fire, nobody heard the bodies falling to the floor of the tower.
	“Tango down.” Robert confirmed.
	“Now for the two on the left.  Same as before.” Robert centered his crosshairs on the marksman. “One…two…fire.” Two faint hisses of air, two more lives expunged.  Robert lowered his aim after assuring his bullet struck the head.
	“Clear.” Rob whispered.
	“Good shots, Sergeant.  Are you ready?”
	“I’m ready for a hot meal and a shower, Sergeant Major.  Let’s do this and go home.” Robert slowly rose to a stand.  George followed suit.  After fitting a sound suppressor over an MP5K submachine gun, he verified Robert’s second weapon was similarly fashioned.
	“Move out.” George ordered.  Both ran as fast as their wearied legs could push them.  Under eighty pounds of armor, weapons, and ammunition, the run became a workout within three strides.  Yet they sprinted without fatigue in their performance and with composure unmatched given the odds they faced.  The dash two hundred feet from the head of the clearing to the gates of the compound was accomplished without raising an alarm or an eye batting on the duo.
	Robert took a knee a few steps from the fence.  He kept a wary eye on the nearest towers who still burdened a threat.  But their field of vision was set on anything approaching from the woods.  The intruders had caught a lucky break of lax security.  Neither expected their luck to hold out much longer.
	George didn’t hesitate to start cutting a hole through the links.  After nine snaps, he pulled the malleable metal apart for Robert to slip through.  The Sergeant carefully squeezed inside the compound.  He quickly turned back and returned the favor, opening the hole for his leader to enter.  George crawled through and jumped back to his feet.  He tucked the MP5 in close for better accuracy.  Robert followed five feet behind with an M4 carbine resting against his shoulder.
	The two hadn’t traveled beyond the first cluster of buildings before they ducked into cover.  A door swung open to give way for a six person detail.  Fortunately, the soldiers stepped out looking the other way.  Rob and George were right behind them.  The patrol continued until reaching the building corner, then disappeared around it. “Too lucky.” Robert whispered.
	“Call it luck, I call it faith.” George continued forward.  The two put their backs against the darkened corner of the building.  Directly beyond, upwards of thirty men were sporadically spread across an alley of fluorescent light.  George took a monocular. “When I say, you stay right on my ass.  We’re going in through that door.” He looked up at the sky.  The night was dying by the minute.
	“Yes, sir.” Robert prepared his lungs for the run.  Now was where it got suspenseful.  All the enemy needed was one pair of eyes to look at them and the game would be over.
	George put his back to the wall.  He turned his gaze from one set of guards to another, and the third still roving away. “Okay, go.” He said in a hushed tone.   Both ran out from the edge of the building.  They had to cross a fifty foot gap of exposed concrete.  There were some trucks and boxes of equipment scattered about that could definitely aid.  George ducked behind the nearest pile of fiberglass and steel chests.  Robert jumped right behind him and slowed his heart.
	George took another glance.  He swept it back just before two sentries turned in their direction.  George planted his back against the hiding spot.  Robert spotted them through a slit between a couple of the stacks.  They were approaching slowly and didn’t seem to be alarmed in any way.  Both of them reserved their judgment until the time would come.  George had his weapon ready to fire as soon as movement stepped around that corner and Robert primed his rifle to fire through the peephole.
	The detail impeded their journey with a conversation in their Slavic dialect.  It grew to somewhat of a loud argument over something irrelevant.  George knew because he was eavesdropping and chuckling about it. “What?” Rob whispered.
	“They’re arguing whose wife gives better head.”
	Robert chuckled, “Are you serious?”
	“I wouldn’t shit you with something like that, Bobby.” George looked back around the corner.  The two men were called by a demanding voice.  George carefully kept an eye on the two as they were scolded and then ordered to watch a different location by a more decorated soldier. “Our window is only going to be open for a few seconds.” He saw the officer turn his head back at the two, to see them pushing each other back and forth. “Move.” The officer started toward the two slackers, screaming at their lack of discipline.
	George took the lead again, rushing against the door.  He waited for Robert to take the other side of the door.  George carefully pushed it open while holding the SMG in his free hand.  The two were greeted by a half lit hallway and no waiting guards.  Both could hear machinery through the metallic walls.  Things seemed to echo more in these long dark corridors.
	Robert drew his sidearm, turning a wary eye to the hallway George wasn’t monitoring. “Do you hear that?”
	“Sounds like something interesting.  Let’s take a look.” George started down the hall.  Robert backpedaled carefully, his eyes still on their back.
	It didn’t take either of the two long before they ran adjacent to a window on the inner wall of the hallway.  Through it they spotted what appeared to be a clean room.  A half dozen men or women were wearing full body suits to prevent contamination.  Research and development, floor one.
	George clicked his radio, “Rook to Queen, we have located one of the weapons labs.  We were right.  Obtained visible of what appears to be Reaper.”
	Robert turned his head to the sound of approaching footsteps. “Cover.” Rob whispered.  The two ducked into adjacent corridors, digging themselves into the dark to avoid detection.
	Queen replied a few seconds later, “Copy that Rook, we’re receiving your position.  The coordinates will be sent to Bishop, over.”
	The footsteps came to a stop between the two.  Neither attempted to see who it was.  That would require either of them to expose their silhouettes to light.  Robert held his breath.  George closed his eyes to focus as a conversation began.  The language was Russian, his tone hoarse from age. “My son.” The voice began. “I’m sorry it must come to this.  But you need to leave.”
	A man who couldn’t have been much older than twenty replied, “Father, do not turn me away.  I am ready to serve diligently at your side.”
	“You are not a scientist like me, Leonardo.  You are a soldier.  And the war you fight will be the most important this world will see.”
	“I want to protect you!” The younger man screamed.
	“I am a man of short time.  My work must be completed.  I see no better heir than my own blood.”
	“But--”
	“They’re coming tonight.  To be honest, I’m surprised we aren’t engulfed in flames now.  I will not allow you to stay, not to die.”
	The younger man sighed deeply, “I understand.  I will do as you wish.”
	“Give me a call once you get to Paris.  If I don’t pick up…the burden is entirely yours.  I will leave a care package for you.” The father rummaged through his pockets and handed his son something. “You will need this.”
	“You entrust this to me?”
	“I wouldn’t entrust this to myself.  But this will decide the world of tomorrow.  This will reclaim the masses.  This will create a freedom mankind has never experienced.  And you will make that happen…soon enough.”
	“Dad--”
	“You need to go, son.  Please leave now before it becomes any worse.”
	“If you’re going to die, please say goodbye.” The two embraced without another word. “Thank you.” It sounded like he was weeping.
	“Leave this desolate place before it is too late.  I love you, Leonardo.  You are not meant to die on this day.  Lieutenant,” he said to a silent third person.  Neither of the snipers realized how popular the dim corridor was until now.
	“Yes, sir.” The soldier snapped back.
	“Make sure he gets out of this country alive.  I’m getting her ready to move.  We have time to save her.” Three sets of footsteps departed away while another two walked right past George’s partially visible location.  George held his breath until the two had walked more than fives steps away.  He carefully let it out.
	George peeked around the corner to keep track of them.  Once they had disappeared down another path, he clicked his headset. “Rook to Queen, we may have a problem.  I think I heard Lester Moss handing his son a strain of Reaper.”
	“We copy, there are three trucks leaving the base.”
	“Tell Bishop to nuke them.  We can’t let the virus escape this compound.”
	Robert glanced back at the hallway behind. “We’re clear.”
	George nodded, “We’re running out of time.  We need to take out those jets.”
	The younger Sergeant started forward.  However, something caught his eye.  He swiveled his head right to see a door with a hazard sign on it. “We’ve still got a bit of darkness to work with.” Rob jogged to the door. “Let’s put everyone in the there.” He opened the door and planted a stick of C4 on the generator running everything in the building and the one adjacent to it.
	“I hope you’re not afraid of the dark.”
	“I live for the night, old man.” Robert led the two out with his M4 in hand.  As he opened the door, he realized it was flooded in lights. “Fire in the hole.” Robert whispered.  He clicked the detonator, in unison hearing a deafening thump and feeling the floor shiver.  His thumb depressed the button and the lights went out in an instant.  The enemy would be looking right at them, but they’d be leaving.  Robert didn’t hesitate either.  He immediately rushed out of the small door with George right at his side.  Both snipers had vision adapted for the darkness.  Rob and George could make out gunmen in the darkness with ease while the sudden absence of light made it hard for their opponents to see anything.  Their arms were raised in the dazed confusion.
	Robert ducked behind a truck, George did the same.  Only seconds later, four soldiers rushed through the same corridor.  Just as fast, Robert was sprinting where they came from with George on his heels.  The two slipped into the light for a few seconds before the shadow of the traffic control tower overtook them again.  Maybe someone noticed, maybe someone didn’t.  Robert didn’t want to know if the former was something he’d have to worry about.
	George dropped to a knee. “Bobby, climb the tower. Cover me to the hangars.” The hangars still stood at least one hundred yards away from the tower and the entire airstrip was cover with lights.  While everyone’s eyes were looking the other way, George didn’t want to take chances.  There was bound to be somebody looking for movement here by now.  Robert nodded and started toward a ladder.  He expected a sniper team to be up there if this was possible. “If those planes start taxiing before I get there, you have the high explosive rounds.  Make sure they don’t get off the ground.”
	Robert climbed to the summit of the 60 foot control tower.  It was a simple design, and with only one runway it didn’t need to be high.  He slowed his ascent as he rose to level ground again.  Robert drew his silenced pistol and rose with the iron sights behind his eye.  Two men were looking toward the darkness.  Neither were aware of his presence.
	Robert focused and let off two shells.  Both hit the sniper, one center mass and one in the side of the head.  The spotter reached for his radio, but Robert let off another three shots.  The first put a bullet through his radio, the second two plugged him in the chest. “That’s two for two.” Rob climbed onto the rooftop of the tower, where he set his rifle on the edge and dropped into prone position. “In position, Sergeant.”
	“Copy that, Sergeant.  We don’t have much time.  We’re lucky the alarm hasn’t been set off yet.  This isn’t about stealth anymore.  Those pilots are going to take off real quick.  You’re a good shot, don’t disappoint me here.”
	“Yes, sir.  I’ll have your back.” Only seconds after his Sergeant Major darted out of the shadows and into light, a loud blare echoed across the tarmac.  Robert ignored the noise to the best of his abilities, keeping an eye on all of his teammate’s surroundings.  Movement shifted from the farthest hangar.  Rob launched a silenced bullet across a half mile distance.  Though the drag of gravity took it off its mark, the shot incapacitated its target.  Moments later another two men appeared.  Robert carefully lined up his shots and fired twice within a split second.
	George sprinted past the two soldiers falling back from gunshot wounds to the chest or abdomen.  He knew how important air dominance would be in this field of battle.  If the virus was allowed to escape, they could write off the world.  George wouldn’t allow it while he still drew breath.  George drew his sidearm to take down a soldier exiting a jeep to his right.  His fire injured, while support blew a messy cavity through his head.
	Sergeant Major McGill came to a stop with his back against the nearest hangar. “Bobby,” he reported, “I hear turbines.  Reload, these things are prepping for liftoff.”
	Robert did as advised.  George switched back to his rifle as he slowly pulled open the door.  As soon as the airlock was breached, the sound of jet turbines doubled.  McGill rushed in.  He expertly assassinated three engineers armed with small arms.  He turned his attention to the pair of MiG-31 fighters.  One had a pilot.  George lifted his rifle just enough and launched a shot.
	Though the cockpit of a fighter jet was armored, a high explosive, armor piercing round carried the power to penetrate and kill.  George clicked his radio, “Bobby, first two planes are down.” He pulled the pin of a fragmentation grenade and underhand threw it to the ground beneath the unoccupied jet. “I’m moving to the others.”
	Robert shifted his aim just enough.  His scope turned to see two Su-27 fighters taxiing out of the hangar. “Shit, they’re on the move.”
	George rushed out of the hangar and dropped to a knee.  His eyes made out the shape of a head in the cockpit.  McGill took aim, then fired without relent.  The pilot in the back was killed after two shots struck him center mass.  The plane rolled off the runway slowly.  As George swiveled his aim to the second fighter however, the afterburners kicked in and launched the jet down the runway.
	“I’ve lost contact,” George yelled.
	Robert took a deep breath.  He calculated distance to target, humidity, wind speed, all the while determining the fighter’s speed increasing down the runway.  A second ticked by in horror.  Robert lowered his aim so the crosshairs fixated on the runway beneath the fighter’s wheels.  He peeled back the trigger.  The bullet traveled through time, relativity seeming to slow for perfection to develop.  Robert couldn’t take his eye away from the scope even if he wanted to.  The bullet cracked the tempered glass cockpit, ending the pilot’s life immediately.
	“Bishop, the skies are clear.  We have identified one building for immediate destruction, over.”
	“Copy that, Rook,” Fire control replied, “we’ll be in the airspace in thirty seconds, out.”
	“Roger, Bishop.  First building was damaged by a bomb a few minutes ago.  You should see smoke coming from the roof.” George looked back to the tower. “Bobby, we need to find the other lab.”
	“Sergeant Major,” Robert replied immediately, “I’ve spotted multiple contacts deploying from the building adjacent to me.  It seems to have the most activity.”
	“Must be where the party is.” George sprinted forward.
	Robert hushed his voice as soon as gunfire erupted.  They were trying to hit the Sergeant Major, but the distance was too great for accuracy.  George ducked into a vent shaft below the runway until the bullets ceased.  Rob glanced up when a shrill roar was accompanied by a white streak falling from the sky to the ground.  The building both snipers had been occupying six minutes ago was blasted by a 105 millimeter howitzer shell.  The detonation of the shell caved in the three story building, leaving a cloud of dust in its wake.
	“Bishop,” Rob said over the radio as he activated an infrared beam on his rifle. “I’m marking infantry on the ground, over.” Within seconds of pointing out and firing upon the army from his perch, Robert was greeted by a river of superheated 20mm M61 Vulcan rounds pouring down from the heavens.  Hundreds of rounds poured from the skies in seconds, decimating the infantrymen on the ground.
	George jumped up from the vent shaft and put his back to a building. “Bobby?” McGill asked over the line.
	“Yeah, Sergeant Major?” Robert replied in a heartbeat.
	“I’ve got your back if you’ve got mine.” George said before trading off to his MP5 again.  He put his palm around the knob to an unidentified structure.
	“Make it quick, sir.” Robert requested. “I’ll hold them off as long as I can.”
	George slipped into the doorway.  The sounds of explosions and gunfire dissipated exponentially as the door clicked behind him.  The Sergeant Major looked one way, then turned about to see a man facing him.  The man had a gun in his hands, pointed toward the ground.  He wasn’t an immediate threat, and even if he raised his weapon George could execute him in half the time.
	George took a step forward. “Why are you doing this?”
	The figure took a step further, revealing his face.  He was an elderly man, a scientist.  Small bifocals resting on his nose.  Weary eyes under a wrinkled face.  His body was more toned, but he didn’t appear to be a man of success.  More a man of misery. “This is judgment.”
	“What do you mean?” George raised his weapon.
	Lester smirked. “This weapon is a power no man should have the ability to wield.  But it is the only way to cleanse this world of the corruption and decadence it has rotten into.  I hold the power of God in my hands.”
	“All blasphemies aside, religion is a lie if that is God in your hands.  You have a weapon of mass destruction in your hands.  This ends today, and you will never be remembered as anything more than a terrorist who didn’t succeed.”
	Lester shook his head. “This is more important than any country on this earth.  This sorts out the just from the wicked.”
	“It will be a disease that leads our societies into anarchy.”
	Lester spread his arms, “If that is the human race that needs to be judged, so be it.  As we speak, my serum is being loaded up for distribution.  Every capital of every nation will be brought to its knees in a week’s time, falling under one flag: Undeath.”
	George shook his head, “Not on my watch.” He started back for the door.
	“You only prolong the inevitable if you succeed today,” Lester followed. “It would be simpler to give up now.”
	George ignored Lester’s statements as he rushed out of the building.  The scientist didn’t seem to avoid him, but he wasn’t shooting the gun.  Robert held his fire, thinking perhaps that Lester was on their side. “Bishop,” George’s voice filled the radio, “I have identified the second target!  Confirm the building with the strobe on the east side!”
	“Negative, Rook, we aren’t seeing any strobes in the complex..  Confirm which building it is.” Robert shifted his fire to movement behind George.  He decommissioned two souls at the Sergeant Major’s back while George drew and fired to his front.
	Robert jumped to his feet hearing they were going to collapse the building next to his.  The tower could be brought down as well.  Rob picked up his rifle and rushed to the edge.  He quickly anchored a rope to a metal atrium, then turned to the edge and let gravity take him.
	“Bishop,” George dispatched three enemies with his sidearm before returning to his radio, “It’s the largest rectangular building by the runway.  They’re loading Reaper in trucks by the south door!  You need to level it now!”
	“Firing.” George looked up to the sky.  A gold streak fell at terminal velocity.  Robert turned his head to see the same thing, just as he was squeezing the rope and stopping himself short of breaking his legs.  From the opposite side of the tower, he felt some comfort.  With the impact, the displacement of air from the detonation alone devastated the building’s foundation.  It crumbled within its own footprint seconds after the impact.  Robert was thrown off his feet by the shockwave.  He clamored back to a stand with the rifle tight against his body.
	The overseer dove to the ground when the shell crashed into the building.  He yelled in rage as he returned to his feet.  Lester spoke furiously after his outburst. “Everything I worked for is gone because of you!”
	George took a step closer. “Your research has the capacity to end the human race.  I can’t let you succeed.”
	Lester sighed.  He turned away, looking back at his creation burning in flames.  The building’s collapse left a dust cloud in place of the warehouse. “If this project cannot survive,” he drew a pistol from his waist, “Neither can--” his attempt to fire on the Sergeant Major was cut short.  Robert wasn’t going to let George die by the hands of a madman.  Robert pulled the trigger, killing off the target as secondary objective mandated, and saved the life of his commanding officer.
	Leonardo looked through a pair of binoculars from a half mile away.  After the decoy trucks were dispatched out of the complex, Leo was led to safety via an underground tunnel leading into thick woods.   The scientist’s son dropped to his knees when he saw the figure of his father slumping to the ground and laying lifeless.  He clenched his teeth, the right hand clutching a vial of bronze liquid.  His tearing eyes looked down on the vial.  The son knew every scrap of information that his father did, and every detail that would have been lost were it not in his hands.  Leo sighed as his eyes rested on the inferno in the distance.
	Rob clicked his radio, “Sergeant Major, we need to get out of here.”
	George nodded in Robert’s direction.  He spun his head back to see upwards of fifty soldiers rushing out from the barracks. “Bishop, we are moving to the extraction zone now.  Be advised, heavy resistance to the west closing in fast.” George sprinted with all the energy left in his body.
	“Copy that, Rook, we’re bringing the storm, over.” Moments after the transmission, George and Robert heard the scream of a 105 round.  A deafening explosion, the shockwave and vibrations, and a plume of dust a hundred feet high enveloped more than twenty pursuing hostiles in the blink of an eye.  40mm Bofors started to pelt down across the compound as George reached Robert’s position fifty feet from the target he executed.
	“Are you ready to get out of here?” George asked, sprinting past Rob.  Robert jumped onto his feet and followed a few steps behind.
	The massive gunship had maintained aerial dominance for the last ten minutes.  It was in for a quick departure, however.  A flashing alarm signaled missile lock in the cockpit. “Fuck,” the fire control officer swore instantly. “Launch countermeasures now!” His order was followed immediately by vibrant flares shooting out of the plane and leaving behind an angel’s wings in smoke trails.  The missile veered away from the aircraft, but not without coming close. “This is Bishop, we have been engaged by enemy air support.  We’ve gotta pull out now.”
	George jumped on the radio. “Queen, we’re almost to the landing zone for pickup, how copy, over?” He could hear the Blackhawk’s rotors spinning through the trees.   The leaves were flying loose over the canopy being enveloped in the wind vortex.
	“Queen copies all, Rook.  Knight is arriving on station now.”
	“We’ve got an army on our ass, Queen, we need those fighters now!  Danger close, directly to our west.  I’ll mark the target with red smoke.” McGill stopped, drew a cylinder from his satchel, and flung it back the direction he ran from.  Robert lost distance from George covering their back and found himself staring at the billowing smoke ahead.
	“Shit!” Adrenaline shot into Rob’s legs.  He had no intention of being vaporized by his allies today.  He almost felt compelled to drop his gun and gear to get to the landing zone faster.  But his thoughts didn’t manifest quick enough.  A bullet pierced his back, dodging the Kevlar and lodging into his right lung.  Robert dropped facedown on the dirt.  He couldn’t move.  His breath was impossible to expel.  There was naught to do but suffocate.
	George was on a knee with his eye down the scope.  As soon as he saw his protégé fall to the floor, there was no hesitation.  The Sergeant Major swung his aim just enough to execute a pursuing enemy.  In unison with the bullet leaving the chamber the Sergeant Major dropped into a dead sprint.  The smoke was growing with every second.  The fighters could be no less than thirty seconds away and no more than ninety.  He couldn’t let his comrade die like that.  George ran toward the sound of fire and the ticking clock racing against him.
	“This is Rook, we have a man down!” George spoke over the radio with ease as he ran.
	“Knight in position for gun run.” The pilot voiced over the radio.
	“Knight, lay down fire when I hit the ground!” A bullet scraped outside his wrist.  Dirt and sand kicked up as he came closer and closer.  Suddenly, a silhouette appeared from the darkness of forest only inches from Rob.  George ripped a Colt M1911 from his holster and fired without stopping.  George kicked his legs loose and fell beside the still form of Robert.  And just as quickly as he disappeared from his racing enemies, a chain gun maliciously tore into the trees.
	Robert opened his eyes.  He must have gone into shock after the injury. “Am I dead?”
	“Not yet!” George lifted Robert over his shoulders.  He secured Robert in a fireman’s carry and started running away from the billowing crimson fog. “Where are those bombs, Queen?”
	“Dropping ordnance in ten seconds.”
	George’s eyes went wide.  He dug down, pulling the last little bit of endurance that he’d saved nine days ago when he fell into this black abyss.
	Robert was fading in and out of consciousness.  He saw the ground once.  When his vision came back again, he caught a glimpse of his Sergeant Major’s face.  Robert swore he could feel thrashing gusts of wind against his skin.  His back wouldn’t stop aching.  He couldn’t take a breath, and it made him panic.  His body was frozen, paralyzed from moving without gut-wrenching agony.
	George’s mental clock hit zero.  He’d gone at least a hundred yards since retrieving his injured spotter.  A singe from a blooming fireball burnt the hairs on his forearms and the blast threw him forward.  A pair of F-16 Falcons roared over the forest, dropping a payload of spread bombs over the forest and right on the edge of the meadow.  The blast was close enough to cause a few burns.  Robert felt the sting of pain to his open injury and was inclined to scream, but his voice was lost without the ability to breathe.  How was he still alive without taking a breath?
	George quickly lifted Robert off the ground after the shockwave had subsided.  The helicopter was waiting a safe distance from the bombing corridor.  Her door gunner kept a wary eye on George’s back.  But not everybody could account for everything, in the fading darkness but before the light.
	George slowed down, where a crew chief helped Robert into the helicopter.  His injury required immediate medical attention.  McGill assured Robert would get it. “I promised I wouldn’t let you die out there, Sergeant.” The Sergeant Major said, looking into Robert’s eyes with a hand on his back. “Bishop, did you eliminate the convoy that left the complex ahead of time.”
	“Roger that, Rook.  All loose ends are accounted for.” The gunship spoke for its final transmission.
	George took a step into the Blackhawk.  His second didn’t find the bird.  A gunshot cracked louder than the chopper’s roaring turbines and blades.  Robert was transfixed on George’s face.  George stared back.  But his look wasn’t that of defeat or anguish.  He was mesmerized.  Of course, George never saw dying like anyone else.  Anyone whose memory served that length of time seeing so much death, corruption, and grief started to see death as life after death.  George never thought of dying.  He thought of starting anew.
	George’s hand slipped free of the helicopter just before it lifted into the air.  Robert put every ounce of his energy into throwing a hand to his Sergeant Major.  He owed George his life for the selfless act he committed.  Too late did he remember he was strapped down to the stretcher.  McGill’s body thudded against the soft dirt, a smile spreading over his face as the chopper disappeared into the distance.

Day 1
Wolves

	In the same moment of George McGill’s body hitting the soft dirt of an unknown frontline, Robert drew down a Ruger P95.  His aim froze at the front door of his house.  He took in a deep breath of air, one it seemed like he‘d been denied for the three minutes he spent with the hole in his lung.  The final gunshot’s echo blared like a bomb next to his ear.  The scream of support fire falling from Spooky killing masses in an instant.  His body, infused with the bullet and the unnerving scope of a precision sniper rifle tearing people from their lives in the blink of an eye.
	Robert took a few moments to come back to the real world.  He took more than thirty seconds to catch his breath.  His sight adapted to the blackness in sixty.  He was alone, thousands of miles away from that valley in Kosovo.  A memory that stayed with his conscious thought in the two and a half years since it happened.  It was all so streamlined in that every time it replayed through his mind it felt more real than the actual event.
	Robert let out a deep breath, “Just a dream, Bobby,” he said to himself, lowering the pistol back down on the end table.  The darkness of night was pitch black outside, 
he saw vividly.  The young man slid a right arm along his brow, picking up most of the beads of sweat that developed. 
	From his pocket the retired sniper drew a half-empty pack of Marlboro cigarettes.  He’d been trying to quit for the last two years, but his current employment didn’t find decent time to avoid such an expensive addiction.  Too much stress in too little time, Robert thought as he prepared a filter between his lips.  A flick of a lighter brightened the whole of a small living room.  The first drag he exhaled with the lighter still exposing flame, blowing a cloud of thin white smoke upwards before he lifted his thumb from the butane dispenser.  Black shrouded the lonely cabin, home to one soul. 
	Robert Caldwell had spent a life some would envy and others cringe.  A five year enlistment in the United States Army had left him with enough training to find no suitable career back home and enough memories to put him through hell again.  In 2003, Robert shipped out to basic training.  Enlistment had little to do with personal choice and more of living above the predetermined work-schedule of every other bored stateside civilian. 
	His precision fire on the range earned his reputation as a sharpshooter.  After nine weeks of training, four recommendations by drill instructors sent Rob to Fort Benning.  What some would call relentless sniper school, Robert breezed through like a natural.  From graduation, he lived out his military career sending one bullet at a time.  Perhaps Caldwell wasn’t the best shooter in the class, but he was a tried and true marksman.  He’d survived this long because of his training, but the real world molded him into the man he was today.  Or more like the empty shell of a man, a veteran who killed for country, only for his country to forsake and leave him in the dark.
	The majority of operations Robert went on consisted of patrols in a small section of Baghdad.  Their platoon was responsible for a 3 square block area.  Maintaining order was a tall demand for such an unpredictable location.  They took fire on average once or twice a week and half the time weren’t able to shoot the one hostile firing on them before he ducked back into a crowd.  During raids, Robert stayed back to provide cover fire for his platoon or engage elevated targets.  His few other dealings happened behind closed doors however.  Targets that needed to die in order to save many others.  Robert was trained to be a sniper, thus his government created an assassin. 
	After five years, Robert had changed.  He’d lost count of the people he’d killed and stopped looking for a reason.  He wouldn’t go back again, not for the pay, not for the thrill, and certainly not to see fellow servicemen fall victim to mortal wounds.  Three tours of duty and his lungs still drawing breath meant something else was meant for Rob than a loaded gun and a bulletproof vest.  His contract was fulfilled without negligence or reluctance, though at a heavy cost to his soul.  Some of the things Rob saw made him question the important things. ‘How was I serving my country, killing others on their own land?’ Some of those kills registered to people other than enemy soldiers.  A few even bore names and nationalities linear to his home country.  As soon as he stepped out of uniform, Robert promised he’d never end a life again unless it was absolutely necessary. 
	To make such a promise to himself a reality, he needed solidarity and peace.  Intending to avoid all confrontation of the truthfully cruel human nature, he journeyed out of the view of the masses.  One place resonated in his mind, a town his grandparents had lived and died in.  It was a long shot off from his hometown of Tampa.  And that was the point.
	In the White Mountains of Northern Arizona, he found a quaint town named Heber.  The population was slim, mostly religious persons and families.  It didn’t see much action, save for Independence Day weekend when the crowds came to see what some considered the best fireworks in the state.  Rob picked a town of this size to start over anew.  May have been hard at first, but he’d adapt as the Army trained him to.
	The census-designated place spotted little or no recognition even from natives of Arizona.  Neighboring cities of Payson and Show Low a short drive away recognized the town as little more than a name and a mile marker.  Those going through would think of it more as a speed trap than a town.  They didn’t even stop to ask for directions…perfect for Robert to escape from a life full of death. 
	Robert stood at 5 foot 11 inches, with dark auburn hair grown out to neck length. Most often a hat reversed over his scalp to anchor distracting hair.  He descended 
from both Scottish and Australian heritage, but somehow found himself in the US.  After a few vacations to both, he wondered why his parents ever chose to live in America. 
	Older did his mind feel than the birth certificate that read 1982.  Back in the Army, he was very well built for the physical demands of the job.  Since his discharge, it was a tough effort just to drop his muscle mass back to normal.  When he didn’t need the extra weight, he didn’t want to carry it.
	With the money left over from his military days, he found a secluded part of the forest and took to building a private cabin.  Living on the grid was too much of a risk, given his actions in the military left him as a marked man.  Rather than spend thirty grand hiring numerous builders and renovators, Robert built it all himself in three months, only using eight grand from his account.  Half his career was lived out in the wild, so setting up a tent for a couple of months and living on the land was a walk in the park. 
	Several times in the two years he lived there, a number of LDS missionaries had approached his residence, despite its remote location almost three miles off the beaten path in the forest.  The things some people are willing to do.  Nowadays, they didn’t come close to his doorstep.  The first two he’d been kind enough to let knock on his door before he turned them away.  Now, every time they came close he was outside cleaning his M110 rifle.  They got the idea to turn around at the driveway by that time.  Rob wasn’t a religious person.  He didn’t believe the soul of a murderer was salvageable.  A single bible in his house was lucky to get a page read every time a layer of dust settled over it. 
	To make up for off days, Robert hunted wild game.  And when he did, he went full throttle with a suit he crafted using the foliage, vegetation, and terrain just outside his door.  Every day was a new adventure, a new trail to track, a new beast to hunt.  For every bead of sweat he bore in the deserts of Iraq and Afghanistan, every scent of gunpowder burning became a drug he couldn’t kick.  The crosshairs of a scope his injection, the recoil of the rifle his rush; one-shot, one-kill, the heroin he’d never break free from.  His post-military dealings with death were better served to elk rather than a human head.  In fact, he’d unexpectedly been a small service to the community since elk frequented the highways at night.  A 700 pound bull didn’t mix well with a half ton sedan traveling at 65.  Since they weren’t an endangered species, nobody frowned at Rob’s hobbies. 
	Robert was glad to find an occupation that didn’t generate a crowd.  Life on the beat, getting shot at home wasn’t any fantasy he expected to live out.  Time had come for peace and quiet and making a home.  Unfortunately, one thing about the town of Heber was that gossip traveled faster than flash-fires on a hot day in July.  Everyone wanted to know everything about the new guy when he showed up. 
	So within three months of his arrival, he’d already made a reputation turning people away, sometimes with a little too much enthusiasm.  True or false, Rob didn’t want mud on his name.  Thankfully, he’d found an off-season position working at a camp outside of the town and a mile away from any sign of civilization.  He worked an all-purpose maintenance shift, which found him doing concrete, glass, painting, flood repair, among the regular duties cleaning up after the campers.  Robert Caldwell traded off the rank of Sergeant, a bulletproof vest, and a chambered 7.62 for a mop and bucket.	Altogether, Camp Emerald Pine took the full capacity of seventeen full-time staff.  A little less than half created a full-time residence of it.  Summer camp had barely finished a couple days ago, leaving the crews some time to themselves rather than watching after a hundred or so kids aged 7 to 12 and upwards of a dozen teenage staff. 
	As the tobacco burned in his hand, the thirty year old former Army Sergeant looked out of an adjacent window.  The sun wasn’t near up, but a darkened blue confirmed that it was rising slowly.  About 4:30 in the morning, he suspected, on an overcast July day.  The monsoons were here for another few weeks. His garden was already flourishing with heads of lettuce, radishes, spinach, strawberries, and pears, among a collective of other fruits and vegetables. 
	Best way to live in Rob’s mind was off the grid and on the land.  Income wasn’t a necessity, rather a method to avoid complete isolation.  Off work, Rob was either home alone or in the forest alone.  No loved ones, no pets, not even distant family.  His parents were long since dead, the byproduct of a terrible plane crash in the Rockies a number of years ago.  Their deaths inadvertently motivated him into a military career, trying to make something of his family’s name even if it brought about his own destruction.  Physically, Robert was reborn; Mentally, Robert was shattered. 
	A calm breeze worked its way in through a half-open window.  Rob finished the cigarette, only taking four or five puffs from it while the rest burned away automatically.  He closed his eyes again, remembering that this was his day off.
	A beast lurked in the skies.  Thousands of men and women across the planet felt a lurch in their stomach sometime today.  Perhaps some extra sense or instinct.  Most of them wouldn’t notice any change around the world.  But in the city of Los Angeles, it would manifest in a matter of hours.
	Leonardo Moss has traveled thousands of miles years ago, narrowly avoiding capture.  He was constantly on the run, constantly tested, but always had the sixth sense to get out of a bad situation.  More than two years later, he was still one of the FBI’s top ten most wanted.  He’d avoided detection using the money and connections left behind by his father.  He’d also learned a few things from firsthand experience.
	Less than an hour ago, a beer delivery into a crowded college stadium brought along with it arms of death.  The smuggling operation was easy enough to carry out.  Buying out or ‘replacing’ some of the deliverymen was hardly a task given Moss’ expense account.  Opening a box marked for aluminum bottles, the disassembled pieces of a light machine gun looked back up at the sinister grin on a merciless soldier’s face. 
	Leo stood with his back to a wall, a cap over his head and the tongue dipped down to cover his face.  He had his eyes closed but listened to everything around him.  Voices of hundreds of people, footsteps clamoring, a PA blaring in the distance.  Leo ignored the conversations.  He wasn’t a man of the people.  He was a wolf in sheep’s clothing.
	Leo put a phone to his ear.  After two rings the line clicked. “Are you ready?” He asked.
	“Yes,” the voice replied.
	“Good.” He pulled out what appeared to be a pen and clicked.  A planted device in the air conditioning core released a white powder similar to flour.  It had taken another two years of Leo’s research to adapt the virus to spread through the air.  As much as he tried, the small amount of powder was the only he’d successfully manufactured.  But he doubted the small amount would matter, given the number of people present at the venue.  That was why they had gone to such measures to enter this dome.  A Saturday extreme sports event was an invitation to anywhere between ten and fifty thousand civilians.  The virus could infect any and all in the building.  Reaper could be inhaled as an aerosol for its short half life in the temperate climate of southern California.  After that, it could only be spread by the scratch of a nail or the bite of a tooth.  But people were naturally predictable.  The panic would take care of everything.
	“Leo, east entrance ready to lock down.” A voice spoke over another line on the phone.
	“West doors are good too.”
	Leonardo pushed himself off the wall and started forward.  He was wearing the attire of a collegiate spectator to appear more casual.  It worked, as nobody saw him as a dangerous person.  Leo started toward two policemen he had been monitoring. “Sixty seconds.  The virus is circulating right now.” He approached, his feet in unison with the count in his head.  He stopped in front of the two with ten seconds left on the countdown. “Officers, there is a man in this building with a gun.”
	Both of the officers turned their full attention to him, “Where is he?” The cop on the left asked.
	Leo reacted like lightning.  He drew two handguns from two underarm holsters hidden inside the open jacket, swinging his arms out of the fold he had across his chest. “Right here!” He fired each gun twice, immediately spurring a panic.  Automatic fire erupted from a few feet away when a man in a business suit pulled an SMG from his coat and shot into the ceiling.  Three soldiers at his side also dressed as civilians, revealed loaded firearms and expelled bullets. “Everybody down!” Leonardo screamed.  The people continued to clamor over one another.  Leo fired a few shots at a crowd. “I said down now!”
	The gunmen thought it would be simple as people stopped moving.  But a few civilians were also carrying weapons despite strict gun laws in the state.  Leo saw a dark skinned man in a red hoodie reach into his pockets.  Leo spun his aim around and fired a tenth of a second before the gang member let off retaliatory fire.  The bullet Leo shot killed the gunman in an instant.
	A retired cop let off a shot that took out the LMG gunner from behind.  Leo heard the direction of the shot and returned three from his right pistol.  The cop reeled over with a bullet in his gut.  He collapsed on the floor.  Leo walked right up to him, aimed, and discharged a bullet through his skull. “Anyone else want to play hero?” The random compilation of screams didn’t seem to stop.  He threw a few bullets into the ceiling. “Shut up!” The crowd drew deathly silent after his orders.  The people were on the floor from the sounds of a shootout that threatened to kill any one of them. “You are all going to be part of an experiment today.” He kept an eye on two other sentries who looped metal chains around the doors to seal them shut.  Leo put one pistol away and took the SAW from its dead carrier.  He put a headset to his ear. “Status?”
	“East and west entrances are sealed shut.  They’ll only have one way to funnel through.”
	“Police band?” Leo asked.
	“There are a few cops in the stadium.  First responders are four minutes out.” The man who spoke started toward the nearby civilians who heard his words.  He lifted the rifle and unloaded without mercy.
	“Copy.  Move to the coliseum.  Take out any threats.” Leo walked through the tunnel that opened up into one of many ports of a massive oval sports arena.  People were scrambling.  Leo fired a dozen or so shots into the air. “This is how the end begins!” He screamed into the dome. “Soldier or civilian, domestic or foreign!” Gunshots rang out throughout the rest of the stadium as more of Leo’s men stormed the building.  He had the payroll of a dozen mercenaries willing to die at any moment for his cause. “The byproduct of natural selection will determine the next hour!  I wish all of you people good luck, and a swift fate if it is painful!  You will prefer the next two minutes over surviving the next two decades!  Fear the Reaper!”
	Leo turned his gun around and began to fire on the cowering crowd.  His men did the same, whether in the arena or not.  Two men on the outside even began to fire at anything moving in the parking lot.  Their intention was to cause mass casualties.  But thousands would escape unharmed carrying something much more cruel.  While the world would know today as a mass shooting, they would know too late that it was the catalyst that would bring the human race to its knees.  Leo let a wide grin spread over his face as he unloaded the rifle.
	The gun jammed after firing non-stop for so long.  Leo threw it to the ground immediately and took both pistols out of their holsters.  He fired wild, shooting wherever there may have been movement.  It didn’t seem like three minutes before Leo’s eyes caught a few of his men falling.  Gunshots echoed through the tunnels, screams of police ordering civilians to stay down and for gunmen to drop their weapons.
	Two policemen stopped adjacent to Leo just after his pistols ran empty. “Freeze!” one of the cops yelled.
	Leo looked at both. “Fuck it.” He turned the empty gun to fire and was greeted by a series of gunshot to his chest and abdomen.  He fell to the ground with not a breath of air left to expel.  A grin was spread over his face.  His father’s work was done, his virus unleashed on the world.  And who would survive would define the species of mankind.  
	The United States Army was ready for any threat, foreign or domestic.  In this day and age, the armed forces and police were becoming more accustomed to acts of terror on the home front.  It wasn’t an optimistic point of view, but realistic given the tragedy of the human condition.  People were going crazy all over the place.  It was only a matter of time until something unexpected and potentially fatal happened again.
	Lieutenant James Scott hadn’t been on the frontline of a tragic scenario like that before.  He had served through three campaigns leading a platoon of hardened veterans as well as uninitiated rookies.  The battlefields had conditions of the hottest desert and the coldest tundra, the most unnerving foes and the fearful cowards who used human shields to escape death.  It was an adventure for some, a horror for others.  But nothing could prepare these men for what they would experience from this day forward.
	James closed his locker after donning civil attire.  He stepped out of the locker room where he passed by a couple of grunts who saluted him.  Scott returned the salute on his heading.  He stepped outside, to the warm and dry climate of a Texas morning in late July.
	James walked into a crowd of fatigues. “That’s all for me today, Nova.  I’m going home to my wife.”
	A soldier wearing the rank of Staff Sergeant and the nametag of Crawford laughed. “Keep telling yourself you’re gonna get laid, Lieutenant.  This is the real world.”
	James chuckled, “Next time you have a remark about my woman, Staff Sergeant, do yourself a favor and keep it to yourself.”
	“What are you going to do, boss?  All the PT in the world wouldn’t make me puke.”
	“I’ll surprise you tomorrow, Crawford.” James was almost to the gates when he heard a voice call his name.
	“Lieutenant Scott?” James turned about to see a Colonel and two NCOs accompanying him. “There’s a situation in Los Angeles.  Wheels up in sixty minutes.”
	James always had the character that work came first.  He collected a manila folder from the Colonel as it was handed to him.  After taking a quick glance, he shot a horrified look at his superior. “Serious?”
	“The attack happened less than an hour ago.  Police and fire didn’t detect anything in the air until it was too late.  We’re going in to maintain the quarantine.”
	“How fast is it spreading?”
	“It’s been confirmed as far as fifty miles from the attack.  The objective is to lock down the entire city and screen healthy from infected.”
	“What kind of support do we have?”
	“The entire US Army at our backs and the Navy on the coast.” James pondered what the situation would be tomorrow.  Right now it was a flip of a coin to him.  It either got better or it got worse, like every other scenario he had been thrust into. “Assemble your platoon, Scott.  We’ve got a long week ahead of us.”
	The Staff Sergeant took another look at his briefing.  He started back to the barracks, but made a detour toward his Staff Sergeant. “Crawford, Logan, spread the word.  There’s a situation in LA.  We’re flying out within the hour.”
	“Shit,” Crawford replied. “They sure know how to get me out of my vacation time.”
	Scott handed the folder to him. “There was a mass shooting and a biological weapon was unleashed in the mayhem.  This isn’t about you and your vacation anymore.”
	Chad Crawford looked back at the brief. “CDC designated the strain as Reaper.  I thought it was destroyed.”
	“We were all deceived.” James patted Chad on the shoulder. “But that’s why we’re here.  To make sure it doesn’t survive.” In less than a minute, he walked through the door.  James cleared his throat for some of his soldiers to hear. “Nova platoon!  We are flying out of Texas in fifty five minutes, and straight to Los Angeles!  The CDC’s confirmed a biological weapon’s release, we have been mandated to keep the infection from escaping our quarantine!”
	Staff Sergeant Walter Bluth stared at the dog tags dangling around his neck.  He was an aged soldier.  He’d seen more combat than most of the men in his unit.  He’d seen more death, but knew death was necessary for peace.  It didn’t change the fact that he was shooting the gun.  And he did it for a purpose he didn’t understand, and a country that wouldn’t answer him.  Walt shaved the rest of his face clean.  He heard James’ voice but didn’t answer immediately to it.
	“Staff Sergeant Bluth.  Lock and load, we’re going to quarantine LA.” James looked in from the entrance of the common restroom.
	Walter glanced at James. “Did you just hear what you said, Lieutenant?  LA’s a lot bigger than that.”
	The Staff Sergeant chuckled. “This isn’t exactly something you have a choice in.”
	“How bad are they saying it is?”
	James sighed, “It has the potential to wipe out the human race.” Walter sent him a perplexed look. “The Reaper virus.  It survived that op back in ‘10.”
	“A virus, that can kill millions and turn them undead, could not be killed.  Why didn’t I see that coming?” Walt tossed the disposable razor into the wastebasket beneath the sink.
	James shook his head. “Get your gear ready, Bluth.  I need your help going into a fire like this.” He left the doorway.
	Walter sighed. “I really don’t want to shoot a bunch of poor bastards in the head.”
	The Lieutenant came to a stop in front of another soldier’s footlocker.  He was beside his bed performing a set of push-ups. “Hate to interrupt the party, Master Sergeant.”
	The fully dressed NCO spoke without stopping. “Speak your mind, Jimmy.”
	“We’ve got an op.  And it’s not something you may particularly like.”
	The soldier finished his routine and came back to a stand in front of his commanding officer. “Where are we going?”
	“California.” James replied.
	“On what conditions?”
	“A biological attack.”
	He nodded, “Anaheim?”
	“Anaheim is inside the quarantine, Owens.”
	“Have evacuations started?” The Master Sergeant begged.
	James sighed, “I’m not sure, Kenny.  I was only informed about this a few minutes ago.  I haven’t been briefed on anything.  All I know is I’m getting on a plane in less than an hour.  And you’re following me onboard.”
	“Of course I am.” Owens replied.
	James lifted a finger, “I am your superior in the chain of command, you will follow my orders.  This is not an evacuation, this is a quarantine.  If you desert your duties for your wife and it costs us lives, I will make sure you never see the light of day.”
	Ken smiled. “You always have to be so threatening, Jimmy?”
	“No, I just know the kind of attitude you have.” Ken grinned as James looked him up and down. “So many years on the frontline makes you crazy, especially if you do work in Delta, Rangers, and Para-rescue.”
	Ken scoffed, “Don’t get your hopes up, sir.  I’m not crazy.  I live on the border of insanity, that doesn’t make me a psychopath.  I just see things differently than most.”
	James clenched his teeth in frustration. “You’ve got a long record of uprooting authority and making a scene.  If you jump out of the plane, you’re going to find me throwing you out of the next one.”
	“I can play by your rules, Lieutenant.   I’ll see you in the air.” Ken saluted his Staff Sergeant.  James took a second to return the gesture and relieve him.  As James walked away, Ken let a scoff escape his lungs.

Day 2
Warning

	Robert awoke to the sound of his cell phone blaring in the middle of the night.  The clock was only ticking past midnight. “Fuck,” his vision adapted to the number.  Robert hesitated, a little scared to answer.  He knew exactly who it was, but the last time they spoke was the day Rob got back to the US.  And those conditions weren’t ideal for a homecoming.  Robert put his ear to the phone. “Yes?”
	“Sergeant,” Staff Sergeant Doug Clayton said in a composed voice, “we’ve got trouble.”
	“The Colonel?” Robert felt a shiver run up his spine.
	Doug’s reply brought a shiver up Rob’s spine. “Worse.”
	Robert sat up in his bed. “How?”
	“A virus is spreading.”
	The sniper rose to a stand. “What virus?”
	Clayton hesitated to reveal the word. “Reaper.”
	Robert clenched his teeth together.  He threw the bottom of his fist into the countertop. “Damn it.  I thought it was destroyed.”
	Doug cleared his throat. “It was the scientist’s son.  He deployed the virus using a terrorist attack as a smokescreen.  By the time anyone realized there was a contagion, it was already out of our hands.”
	“Have you read the brief on Reaper?”
	“Yes.  The only biological weapon that could kill and reanimate its victim.  It’s not a good scenario.”
	“No.  Where are you?”
	“Anaheim.  Right in the middle of the chaos.”
	Robert didn’t hesitate to give his advice. “Get out now.”
	“I’ve got a job to do, Sergeant.  So do you.  Warn your friends about this virus, because I doubt we’ll have a chance to stop it.” The phone line clicked dead.
	Robert stepped outside wearing his jeans but no shirt.  He clenched his fists.  His eyes closed and his breath stopped.  Sounds of the forest filled his ears.  Tree branches rustled from gentle winds, animals howled or chirped in the darkness of night.  The darkness had become his only real friend, he never truly came back from any war.  The war followed him home.  It was just a couple years behind and only gave Rob enough time to catch his breath. “I thought we stopped this.”
	“I only prolonged Reaper from being unleashed.” Robert spun about.  He heard the voice of his Sergeant Major, but didn’t see anything.  Not a silhouette in the door or a face in the shadows.
	“George?” Rob asked.
	“Reaper would have always found a way to survive.”
	“What the hell is going on?” Rob didn’t understand.
	George’s voice laughed. “Living on your own in the wild for two years can make the best of people hallucinate and hear shit.  But you could take it as a sign.”
	“A sign of what?”
	“To stop reminiscing on that night.  I would have done it for you again in a heartbeat, and I know you would have given your life for me.  Reaper is a monster, one that cannot be stopped or cured.  It will consume the planet.  I can’t tell you where you need to go, but your job is to survive.  To outlive the pandemic, and make sure the human race doesn’t die out.”
	Robert cracked his knuckles. “I never planned on dying.”
	“Then you’re damn lucky I saved your ass…twice.”
	“I’d hate to think one of those times you only delayed the snake from strangling me.”
	“Always watch your back, Sergeant.  Don’t take what I’ve given you for granted.  Trust me, you’ve got a lot more than you care to think.”
	“I never take my life for granted.”
	“No, you just seal yourself off from the rest of the world.  That’s not what I wanted you to do when you went home.  You owe yourself this fresh start.”
	“My fresh start, this virus?  The extinction of a species is some fresh start.”
	“You’ll know what to do when the time is right.”
	“God I hope so.” Robert walked back into the cabin.
	“Just remember what I told you, Sergeant.  This virus will be the extinction event.  It’s not about if you survive, it’s how you define your life after today.” Robert closed his eyes, dozing off into another dream.
	The following work day wasn’t met by the chaotic news circulating in LA.  The media had been blacked out as soon as the city was locked down.  Surrounding cities had no idea, and commuters didn’t understand when they were forced to turn around on the interstate.  While news of the coordinated mass shooting led by an international fugitive was played on all stations, Reaper was conveniently left out.  Media was screened so news of the biological weapon was not to be released, phone lines were severed, and the internet was shut down inside the farthest districts of Los Angeles.  They attempted to shield it from the population, but the quarantine made everything fairly obvious.
	The plane carrying Nova platoon touched down in Twenty Nine Palms shortly after midnight.  Staff Sergeant James Scott led his platoon of thirty seven soldiers off the plane.  One of the higher ranked soldiers slacked as he trotted to the Staff Sergeant’s side. “What’s the problem, Master Sergeant?” James asked.
	The Master Sergeant looked down at his rifle. “This wasn’t what I had in mind for a homecoming, Jimmy.”
	“Sorry to disappoint you, Owens.  None of us want to be in this situation.” He started off the ship moments after the last of his NCOs were off the ramp.  They were lining up liked they trained for weeks on the tarmac.  Staff Sergeant Bluth kept them in order. “Is your wife okay?”
	“You tell me, sir.  I was interrupted when the city’s phone lines were cut.”
	“I need you at the top of your game, Kenny.  Your team needs you to be here.”
	“I’ll be here until that point of no return comes,” Ken looked James in the eye. “But once I know we’re going to lose this city, I’m going to save my wife.  You can send me to prison for desertion if you want, my wife is more important than my career.” Ken passed James and took his position in front of his team.
	James cleared his throat. “Listen up, Nova!  This is not an exercise!  We are going into LA!  I need to inform you we’re facing a threat we have never seen before!  A biological agent capable of burning this city down!  Our job is not to eradicate the virus, our job is to screen the clean from the dirty!  This is not expected to be a combat situation in any shape or form!  But that does not mean you can drop your guard!” James came closer to his platoon. “Keep your eyes clear and your breath steady, Nova!” He was greeted by a mass of grunts by every soldier in his platoon. “Let’s move out!”
	James turned about, walking adjacent to a General who was waiting to speak to him. “I’ve got your orders, Staff Sergeant Scott.”
	“Where are we going?”
	“There’s a quarantine center in Pomona.  It is vital that this camp stays afloat.  Given the terrain, the forests and hills constrict and congest the populace fleeing east.  You’re going in to support Lima company.”
	“How many infected have been identified.”
	“It’s not good.  They’ve confirmed at least one hundred, but the hosts don’t show symptoms for the first two hours.  As many people as a single infected host can interact with in an hour, we’re not hopeful yet.  It’s still too early to be optimistic.”
	“How is the public taking it?”
	“LA is a dead zone.  Outlying cities have no idea what’s happening here now.  We’re hoping it stays that way.  Those inside the city are, for the most part, looking the other way.  I’m not going to sugarcoat it, Staff Sergeant.  There have been a few incidents of violence.  Some aren’t exactly willing to accept that they’ve been infected.”
	“What are the rules of engagement?”
	“This is still a civil matter that requires military assistance.  Do not fire unless fired upon.  Infected will be corralled, the healthy will be granted passage out of the city.  Don’t forget, this isn’t something that can be done in a single day.  There’s just too many people to check.  And it will get worse before it gets better.”
	“We’ll do as we’re trained, sir.  As far as today is concerned, Pomona belongs to us.”
	Walter took the driver’s seat of the front humvee.  James took the passenger seat. “Nova, stay your weapons.  We’re not authorized to kill anything but a direct threat.” The convoy of eight humvees was many among a crowd of hundreds.  The Army was coming in full swing to stay the infection.  But the infection was already beyond the quarantine they knew.  By tomorrow, it would be finished.
	Robert’s job wasn’t very hard to do.  While the camp sometimes required construction and renovation, it was usually a simple custodial job.  It served him well.  It paid more than minimum wage and all he really had to worry about were a phone and car insurance bill.
	Robert was busy cleaning up sinks in the center restroom of a cabin, fully aware he had been standing in this same position a day ago.  This work had already been done.  On top of that, these cabins hadn’t been occupied in over a week.  But it didn’t matter to him.  His boss was trying to feed him extra hours any way he could get it.  And to further help, Robert slacked his efforts to milk another couple of hours.  Part time wasn’t bad for the money given his spending habits.
	Beside him, a longtime friend and lifelong member of the Caldwell family.  Robert’s cousin was fifteen years older, twice a father, and never a soldier.  His name was Derek Moser.  Derek had a medium build for his 5’11” frame.  Dark hair grown to his shoulders and his face covered with a thick beard.  Derek had lived the average life of an American, though almost a decade was spent stooped into alcoholism.  There lived a sleeping beast in Derek, a monster that had no compassion for any living thing.  Derek was lucky he was never near a weapon when the fits of anger would strike.  He couldn’t take back the scars on his children from lashing a belt, and for no justifiable reason.
	Derek begged both his children for forgiveness, but only Sandra was willing to offer it.  Quinn didn’t want anything to do with his father after those days.  Derek’s actions sent his wife Danielle down a road of depression and prescription addiction.  Derek had forever damaged the lives of three people.  He didn’t want that monster to get out ever again.  He never took another sip after his family was split in four.
	Robert handed Derek a bottle of water. “You’re sweating.”
	Derek shrugged and ignored the offer, “It’s a little bit hot.”
	Robert scoffed. “I know I’ve got you worried.” He thrust the bottle in Derek’s chest. “I’m not exactly optimistic either.  This landed on my lap ten hours ago.”
	Derek took a drink.  He licked his lips before handing the drink back over. “Explain to me.  Why are you, the war veteran, scared of a little bug?”
	“This isn’t a little bug, Derek,” Robert leaned in closer. “This could kill everybody on earth.  It’s been spreading in Los Angeles for a day.”
	“Did your guy on the inside tell you that?”
	“The name of the weapon is Reaper.  I was sent to destroy it right before my discharge.  I lost my CO and we failed the objective.  The weapon survived to be released now.  To make matters worse, it was built to kill the host and reanimate the body.”
	“It’s a zombie outbreak?”
	Robert nodded. “It was the first successful test on a human being where the body was reanimated.  That was why we needed to destroy it.”
	The two were caught off guard when another voice perked up from outside the door. “What’s this I’m hearing about zombies?” A twenty year old Caucasian male standing at six feet stepped into the room.  He wore skater clothes and shoes, topped off with a hat.  He didn’t look very muscular, but he was still young.  Of course, he was the kind of kid who turned to ‘herbal medicine’ for recreational purposes.  His eyes were a tint red, Robert spotted it immediately.
	“That weed’s making you hear shit, Zack.” Robert tried to wave him out.
	Zack White chuckled, “Weed doesn’t dull my senses, Bobby.  You sounded really into this zombie conversation.  Are you going to share it with me?”	He put his back to the wall and crossed one of his legs over the other.
	An African American boy mirroring Zack’s age and size walked in and put his back to the wall beside him. “You can tell me, too.” Carl Schmidt was only eighteen for a few months by now.  What used to be a high school wide receiver until graduation two months ago.  Now he worked full time and partied downtime.
	Robert glanced back at Derek.  Derek shrugged, “What’s the problem, Bobby?  If this thing is real, I’d be telling as many people as I could.”
	Robert rolled his eyes. “Okay, I give.  There is a certain virus that is going around LA right now.  You’re all aware of that shooting yesterday?” Both nodded. “The attack was a smokescreen.  The virus was filtered through the ventilation system.  Everyone inside the building got a dosage.  Many of the people who survived fled.  Now the outbreak is spreading like a wildfire.”
	Zack gulped.  He looked at the kid beside him. “You got any family in LA?”
	“Hey, just because I rock blue or red doesn’t mean I’m  affiliated with those gangs.  I’m more an Aryan brotherhood kinda guy.”
	Zack chuckled, “Carl, I don’t know if you realize this but you’re black.”
	Carl tilted his head, “Yeah?”
	“That’s the most white supremacist gang.  I’m not sure you’d fit in.”
	Carl sent him a look. “Because I’m black?”
	Zack shrugged, “Yeah.”
	He smirked, “Maybe on the outside.” Carl laughed after he let it sink in.
	Zack looked back at Rob, “You said LA?” Rob nodded. “I’ve got family in Venice Beach.”
	Robert took an apprehensive breath. “Have you heard from any of them?”
	“Not in two days.” Zack bit his lip. “Do you think they’re okay?”
	“I can’t tell you what I think, Zack.  I don’t want to give you hope or break your heart.” Robert stared out a cabin window. “I was sent to destroy this virus and I failed.  I’m sorry.”
	Derek dialed his son’s number once again. “I need my son to hear it from you.” Robert waited for the phone to be answered.  But his son ignored him once more.  The paramedic was busy at work or simply didn’t want to speak to him.  Derek put the phone away without another word.
	Robert put a hand on his shoulder. “Keep trying.  He’ll pick up.”
	Another hour of work found Robert’s crew grouped up with the other maintenance men unloading two truckloads of firewood.  Robert was onboard a flatbed with an elderly man, rolling fifty to hundred pound logs onto the dirt.  The handyman was in his late sixties and despite his small frame and widowed look, he had a mind twice as dirty as Robert.
	The senior pushed one more log off the truck. “What’s bothering you, Bobby?”
	Rob stopped his work to shoot his coworker a look. “Nothing.”
	“Your face says the opposite.”
	“What do you mean by that, Ben?”
	Benjamin Hatch kicked another of the logs off. “You haven’t spoken a word to me all day.  You’re usually chattier than I am.”
	“I didn’t think you noticed.” Rob continued his work.
	“Don’t ignore me.  What’s on your mind?”
	“I doubt you’d believe a word of it.  So I’m going to wait until tomorrow.” Ben shrugged.  He glanced at Terrence, another elderly coworker.  Both chuckled at Robert’s silence, but didn’t pressure him.  It’s not like it was the end of the world.
	Camp Emerald Pine was more than a mile concealed in the forest outside of Heber.  Not many people ran across it.  Forest service roads weren’t traveled much by more than locals.  Off the grid, away from most of the gossip.  While the town was fairly tight-knit and everyone knew everyone, most of the camp’s staff didn’t allow the camp’s location to be discovered.
	Emerald Pine was 150 acres of meadowlands and plains.  A patch of clarity in a massive sea of pine and cedar.  Almost every structure was built of sturdy wood beneath steel roofing.  The wood was painted a vibrant crimson while the roofs glimmered a bright green.  The camp was composed of three areas of interest.
	To the north side of camp and farthest from the gate, four large L shaped structures could accommodate up to sixty people per building.  The cabins were built along the base of a hill.  Inside the cabins, a dozen or so private dorms were built in.  A common restroom was set up with four bathroom stalls and sinks on one side, and three showers on the other side, and was conveniently placed in the center between living quarters.  Cement and rebar pillars set the cabins off the ground and stairs were used to get on the balconies.  The cabins overlooked a vast golden meadow.  This part of the camp was commonly referred to as Meadowlark.
	A series of smaller cabins along and behind the ridge to the east was named Cedar Ridge.  The structure of this side of camp was vastly different than its predecessor.  While it had cabins, they were much smaller and were built separate from a common bathroom.  Taking a road around the back of the hill eventually pulled up to a multipurpose room and kitchen, as well as the two common restrooms at the base of the hill.  A path was carved up the center of the hill and divided into separate paths that led all about the hilltop to eleven different cabins.  At the top of the ridge stood four storage rooms, and a few meters past that hung the beautiful ridge overlooking the whole 150 acres of campground.
	Beside the front gate stood an office.  A hundred or so meters beyond that stood an infirmary located close to the center of camp.  A road split past the health station one south to the west side of camp and the other straight.  Straight forward, a chapel and craft house were on the right side of the road.  The largest structure of the camp, the dining hall, was used for many events and purposes and was placed in the geographical center of the campsite.  A roadway curved out around a wide and unkempt field that took up several acres.  The roadway looped from the dining hall around to the north where Meadowlark and the turnoff to Cedar Ridge were.  The roadway passed by a soccer field, a climbing tower that hung a hundred feet off the ground, and an amphitheatre that was tied in to the pathways and cabins of Cedar Ridge.
	The west side of camp, commonly known as Rimside, was where Robert came to work every day.  After taking the trek up the forest service road, he’d follow the blacktop back down the road and pull into a fenced off yard.   His car parked wherever there was space and it didn’t get in the way.  The maintenance yard was somewhat organized, but it still needed a lot of work.  The last summer had taken focus off trimming weeds as everyone was too busy with other business.  This is where Robert’s boss took his mantle every morning.
	Christopher Phelps was a bit of a believer, a bit of an idiot, and a bit of a jerk.  Nobody held it against him, he was always going to be the boss.  Even when there was word Chris was getting fired, he wasn’t.  Nobody wanted the job that he had.  Unlike any predecessor, he took his position the extra mile.  While handling the camps, operations, and changes that the complex dealt with on a yearly basis, it was safe to say his job was stressful.  But he handled the idiot complex like he trained for it.
	Chris stood a couple inches taller than Robert.  He was fifty five years old, with graying hair and light blue eyes.  He consistently took care of a gray mustache and tried to keep a hat over his balding head at all times.  Chris was grateful to have Robert among his staff, as Rob was a harder worker than most people he’d seen his whole life.  It didn’t come without getting used to though.
	Chris lived on site at his own private residence.  The path was opposite the rest of the camp and went out into the forest a little ways.  A two story house with five bedrooms.  Despite the size and not having to pay any lease agreement, only two people lived there: Chris and his daughter Audrey.  His wife died long ago, but few knew that Chris had been married longer than thirty minutes.
	Other members of the camp staff including counselors and management stayed in a couple of the three houses build a little further down from the maintenance yard.  They were nicely built homes, two bedrooms and two bathrooms.  However, since camp had come to an end, several houseguests left and the rooms were empty again.  On the opposite side of the blacktop, two rectangular buildings were set up as dorm rooms for male and female staff at a lower pay grade.
	A total of seventeen people worked at the camp year round.  Seven members ranging from kitchen staff to counseling lived on site throughout the summer.  Most of them had stayed throughout the week even after the camp had ended.  Packing up wasn’t everybody’s favorite thing, and beyond that everybody thought they had time.  Robert wasn’t sure why they’d live here, but it probably added up with having fewer bills to pay and three free meals every day.
	After the crew finished unloading wood and stacking it all in a shed, they staggered back to the dining hall seeing the clock turning within ten minutes of lunch.  Robert opened the door for his team of young kids, old men, and one blood relative to lead him through.  He had a better metabolism and kept the pounds from adding up.  But that could have been chalked up to six hours of physicality and mental endurance every night on a hunt.  He couldn’t say he didn’t mind the free meal either, especially given the cook.
	Courtney Estrada had been cooking for this organization for ten years.  In the time Robert had been employed, he noticed the food only continued to get better.  If the job and the boss made work a living hell, at least he had a home cooked meal to give him fifteen or twenty minutes of relief.  Rob acknowledged her with a nod of the head when he laid eyes on her.
	The dining hall was accustomed to some chaos and disorder come lunch time.  On the bright side, they only had to worry about seventeen mouths to feed instead of two to three hundred.  Since summer camp was over, Courtney was in the process of going through food before it spoiled.  None of the staff complained at the idea of free food, most of them offered to take it off Courtney’s hands.  
	Robert drifted his eyes to the rest of the staff.  Most of them were already seated.  He let it flood his mind what would happen if his worst fears were a premonition.  The foresight of anarchy, war, and death touching the lives of these innocent people.  More than half were avid worshippers and would never hurt a soul.  They didn’t deserve to die like he was predicting they might.
	Robert opened his mouth but held his breath.  He didn’t want to tell anyone about the virus until it was an imminent threat.  The Army would slow it down for a few days.  But once it escaped Los Angeles, it would spread rampantly.  And the states would turn to lawlessness when the news informed the world.  Robert would wait for the right time.  As of now, he was calling himself the lunatic with the end of the world theory.  That helped keep him from speaking his mind in public.
	Courtney set a fresh sandwich on the tray in front of Robert. “Hot day?”
	“That’s why it’s July,” Robert replied, “kitchen seems to have calmed down.”
	Courtney nodded. “Not so hectic without a bunch of kids running around.”
	“How did the summer treat you?” Robert took a bag of chips from the edge of the serving line.
	“It wasn’t easy, but the long haul never is.  I’ve got some crazy stories about the antics those kids got up to.” She rolled her eyes, “Can you believe I caught a couple of them trying to have sex in the laundry room?”
	“I’m sure I’ve got plenty of time to hear it,” Robert lied without showing a sign of worry.  His eyes darted to a tall, Hispanic male with a soaking apron around his chest.  He sighed and wiped his bald head. “Enjoying yourself, Miguel?”
	Miguel shrugged. “My ears aren’t ringing anymore.  But on the downside, there isn’t nearly as much to do.”
	“You can trade off dishwashing for scrubbing shit any day.”
	Miguel chuckled. “You can hold onto that occupation, Bobby.”
	Robert smirked before waving him off.  He turned from the kitchen to find someone standing right in his way.  Normally, it would have made the soldier feel uncomfortable.  However, this was the only living being who tried to come close to him.  It was nice to feel the warmth of a young woman beside him.  But with Rob’s defenses, only close enough.
	She was a girl of twenty six years, a faithful servant, and the picture of a goddess on earth.  Her Atlantic blue eyes were waters to drown in.  A voice the song of a siren.  Her hair as bright as the sun glowed with every light that refracted.  And the message she tried to deliver never changed.  Nicole Bridget Arnett, what many would consider an angel in mortal form.
	The young lady didn’t move from his path. “If I didn’t know any better, I’d say you were trying to avoid me.”
	Robert showed her a smile. “I guess it was a pointless endeavor.”
	“How are you?” She rested a hand on his cheek.
	Robert put his hand around her wrist and removed her hand. “I’m okay.”
	“Skittish around a girl much?” Nicole giggled as she folded her arms.
	Robert glanced at his aged boss who was returning a furious glare back at him. “No, I just like working here.  And our boss doesn’t approve of public display of affection.”
	Nicole shook her head, “I’ll meet you at your house tonight.”
	“No, I’m not in.”
	Her eyes thinned. “Why are you so desperate to stay away from me?”
	Robert let out a deep breath before admitting it. “I don’t want to hurt you.  I’m not the upstanding guy you think you know from looking at me.”
	“I’ve heard a lot of your stories.  But I’m not afraid of what you are.  I’m afraid of what you’re not trying to be.”
	“What is that?”
	“A new man.  Someone with a second chance.”
	Robert turned his head away. “It’s not that simple.”
	“It never is with grunts like you,” Nicole giggled, “it wouldn’t hurt to try, though.” Robert couldn’t get the virus off his mind. “What’s wrong?”
	“I’ll tell you when it gets bad, so you don’t dismiss me.”
	“What?”
	“You don’t know anybody in Los Angeles, do you?”
	Nicole shook her head. “Why?  Did you want to go sometime?”
	“Doubt that vacation would happen.  No, I’d rather go camping.”
	“I love to camp.” She smiled.
	Robert chuckled. “I’ll think about it.”
	“You always say that but you never do.  I never hear back from you until you show up at lunch next Monday.  You need to get out there.  I’ll drag you out of that cabin myself if I have to.”
	“You’d have to find it first,” Robert laughed.  He kept the location of his residence private from all but a select few people.
	Nicole rolled her eyes. “Whatever you say, Sergeant.”
	“I’m not a Sergeant anymore, Nikki.  Just a redneck living in the woods.”
	“Yeah,” Nicole nodded, “all by himself.”
	Robert felt the remark tug at his heartstrings.  She wanted it to hurt him.  Of course, he’d stood her up twice already so he had it coming.  Robert wasn’t looking for a relationship or love.  He didn’t want a commitment when he had every reason in the world to stay off the radar. “I’m sorry.  But leaving the military, something followed me.  I stick to myself so I don’t draw my enemies back to me.”
	“You gave up your life to hide in the woods?  You’re in danger of sounding afraid of living.”
	“No, I love living.  I live just fine.”
	“You say you do.  But you don’t take risks like the rest of us.  Maybe you took too many while in the Army and you’re making up for it.  But that’s no excuse to stop looking for something.”
	“I found something, I didn’t just stop looking for it.”
	Nicole shook her head, “I know exactly the conditions that led you to come here.  Staff Sergeant Clayton told me everything.”
	Robert was taken aback. “Doug?  How did you find him?”
	“He found me, actually.  When he knew you would be in danger coming home, he came here and consulted Derek.  Derek brought me in.  But Doug didn’t say anything about why, just that you were coming here and you would need us to keep you from giving up.”
	Robert turned away, “You’re probably right.  But I still have to think about it.”
	Nicole stepped around and put a hand on his chest. “Whatever you wish, Rob.  I hope it doesn’t take too long for you to make your decision.  There is a little thing called faith.  It wouldn’t hurt to take a leap.” She walked away.
	Robert shook off the statement.  He had faith in some things, and didn’t in some others.  Even though Robert worked at a Christian camp, he was hardly a spiritual man.  But he didn’t want to believe.  He was always on guard and alert, waiting for one man who had taken Robert’s free life away.  And that man was somewhere, searching for him.

Day 3
Quarantine

	The first twelve hours on the frontline of Los Angeles, California went by without incident.  Lima and Nova platoons kept their quarantine secure.  No gunfire had been discharged in their sector, but numerous incidents had been occurring all over the city.  Nova platoon knew it was only a matter of time.
	San Dimas was secure for now by both platoons.  The Orange Freeway interchange with the interstate required more men for security.  Because once cars were no longer a menace, people would come from all directions on foot.  The interchange was easy enough to shut down with a couple links of razor wire.  Almost a hundred men from platoons Juliet, Papa, and Uniform were dispatched, armored personnel carriers as heavy cover.  And they needed all the cover they could get, taking the brunt of shootings.
	Diamond Bar was secured by Kilo platoon numbering about fifty on their own.  Given their position, they expected to take a lot of flak from people looking for another hole in their quarantine.  Taking up the end of their twenty mile wall of infantry and trucks, Hotel and Diego platoons maintained the small but still very busy Riverside highway.  The positioning of the roadway wasn’t convenient in the woods and hills, which forced soldiers to spread out and assure nobody crossed their lines.
	Nova was spread out over five eastbound streets as well as the highway.  Lieutenant James Scott stood aside the lead humvee with his eyes staring down a long black corridor.  At his side, Walter’s aim scanned every inch.  They watched as dozens of people slowly trickled down the streets.  While their method of screening wasn’t exactly ideal, the operation was put together spur of the moment and the military was still scrambling to organize.  It was a half mile distance between platoons.  Given the hilly terrain, the platoon ahead was not visible by any soldiers on Nova.
	James directed the civilians down the road and past the two trucks.  Sergeant Merrill and Specialist Thompson manned both guns on the roof.  They didn’t need to fire either of them since they were on post.  James sighed. “Sergeant, Specialist, take a nap.  We’re going to be here for a long time and I don’t need you guys falling asleep if it gets bad.” James nodded at Walter.
	Walt clicked his mike, “Nova, start shifts.  We’ve got a long week.” Most of these men hadn’t slept since before they left Texas almost thirty six hours ago.
	James sighed as he looked on at the three people about a hundred feet away.  They looked to be a family of three.  As they came close, James raised a hand. “How’s your day?”
	“I’ve had better ones.” The middle aged man replied.  He looked very healthy.
	Walter smiled, “Can I check your identification?” He nodded and handed over his driver’s license.  Walter hit his radio, “Lima, I’ve got a Kevin Davis at checkpoint two.  Did you clear him?”
	“Copy that.  Cleared four, ten minutes ago, over.”
	Walter nodded and opened his arms, “You’re free to go.  They’re driving people out of the city every hour.  Another mile down this street you’ll see base camp.”
	“Good luck.  It’s only getting worse in there.” The man and his family continued through the roadblock.
	Walter looked at James uneasily. “That doesn’t sound promising.”
	James scoffed. “We’ll see soon enough.”
	“You don’t seem optimistic.”
	The Lieutenant rolled his eyes. “Optimism doesn’t mirror the situation, Staff Sergeant.   We’re all suited and armed for war in a city of millions, and one of our cities to boot.”
	Walter nodded. “Yeah, but for all we know it could be done in a week.”
	“Yeah, and the virus could be beyond this roadblock now.  It could have crossed state lines before we landed.”
	“Anything’s possible.”
	“We sent two thirds of our military resources to this city.  If it can’t be contained here, it won’t anywhere else.”
	Walter gulped, “Hold fast to faith.”
	James chuckled, “You can keep your faith, Walt, I’m a man of science.”
	“It doesn’t hurt to believe.” Walter said openly.
	“It all honesty, there’s no proof it helps either.” James didn’t hold his tongue. “I’m not trying to be a dick about it, but I devote my time to more interesting matters.”
	The Staff Sergeant inquired “Such as?”
	James answered immediately. “The wife and kids for starters.  And number two would be football on Sundays.”
	“Steelers over saviors kinda thing, huh?” Walt shook his head with a grin spread wide across his face. “How is your family doing?”
	“They don’t like being away from me.  New Orleans is too far from Fort Worth.”
	“Any details?”
	“Samantha transferred to a different hospital.  My son Bruce is a senior in high school next year.  Has the potential to be an All American quarterback.” Scott sighed, “I’d feel more comfortable if I could tell them what was really going on.  Give them a warning.”
	Walter smirked, “Hate to burst your bubble sir, but a lot of the grunts already have contacted family and warned them.  They’re willing to risk death for treason over not saving their kin.”
	Lieutenant Scott sent Walter a nod.  Strangely enough, that was almost worth it. “But is it going to cause a panic?”
	“They’re willing to take the risk.” Walter paused and turned his head. “If I still had any, I would have done the same.  And that’s another reason I still believe.  Because I believe they’re somewhere keeping an eye on me.”
	James shrugged, “Not a bad mentality.  But it doesn’t make you bulletproof.”
	Walter nodded, “It doesn’t make you bulletproof.  But it offers tomorrow after today, and beyond life and death.”
	“Maybe, maybe not.”
	Walter scanned the rooftops on either side.  Nothing moving. “James, you can keep calling yourself a realist but you sound more like a pessimist to me.”
	“I’m an optimist,” James said, “But you have your points.  I’ll keep them in mind when tomorrow comes.”
	“Any favors, Lieutenant?”
	James clicked his teeth. “If I don’t make it, get to New Orleans.  Save my family before this monster consumes them.”
	“I can’t make any guarantees.”
	“I’m not asking you to.  I only beg that you would try.” James outstretched an arm and put his hand on Walt’s shoulder.
	“If I can trust you with my life, I’m willing to follow your dying request.”
	James smiled, “Thank you, Walter.”
	Another group of people appeared at the end of the street.  Both men on the ground at the foot of the roadblock didn’t see a threat approaching and didn’t react to one.  None of these people appeared hostile.  But the soldiers reserved their judgment until these civilians were behind them.
	As the first two approached, James’ look at them proved that they were healthy.  Walter still had to get confirmation from the platoon ahead of them, though.  He accepted the identifications of the couple and called. “Lima, this is Nova.  Nelson, Adam and Sandra.”
	“Clear.” Lima’s correspondent replied.  Walt signaled them through.  But he noticed something odd for the next few that came close.  A woman keeled over, as if she had a stomachache.  Her partner helped her back up and spoke into her ear.  The two walked together, though the woman appeared dizzy.
	James clenched his teeth. “You know what they always say about hoping for the best and preparing for the worst?” Walt glanced over at him. “I think we’re about to get our first look at this virus.” James finished with a pull of the slide and injection of a bullet into the chamber.
	The two came close at which point Walter prompted them for identification.  The man handed his over.  Walter looked at the sick woman. “Are you okay?”
	“She’s fine,” her husband replied before she could speak.
	Walter looked at him uneasily. “Lima, I’ve got a William Ryan.  Did you clear him with anybody else.”
	“Negative, we cleared him alone.”
	James raised his rifle. “Show me your hands!”
	The husband, William, wasn’t willing to do as told. “Wait!  We got screened back there!”
	“You got screened, but she didn’t!” James replied.
	Walter raised his rifle as well.  He saw out of the corner of his eye as Sergeant Merrill got back on the roof gun.  William was still resistant. “Put your guns down!  We’re not a threat!”
	Walter keyed up, “Nova to Lima, we may have a host at our roadblock.  Check your perimeter for leaks, over.” He put his free hand back around the rifle’s grip.
	“I’m sorry to do this ma’am.  I need you to get on your knees with your hands on your head.”
	“She’s fine!” William screamed at the Lieutenant. “Don’t do this!”
	James looked at him, “If she is infected, she will be dead before sundown!  Hands!”
	William didn’t respond verbally.  His hand reached behind his back.  The silver of a handgun caught both soldiers’ eyes.  The man leveled the gun at James to fire, at the same time the Staff Sergeant was pulling back the trigger.  A gunshot echoed, from the barrel of Walter’s rifle.  The gunman fell back from the sudden impact to the chest.  His wife screamed and dropped at his side.
	James and Walter were no strangers to a peaceful situation going chaotic in the blink of an eye.  None assumed it could happen here, however.  But man’s instinct to survive crossed all borders and nationalities.  The woman cried at her husband’s side.  The gunshot killed him instantly.  And she knew that her time was borrowed, looking down at the cut to her forearm.
	“Kill me.” She requested.
	Neither of the soldiers were willing to pull the trigger.  James gulped, “Put your hands on your head.”
	“Please,” The woman closed her eyes, streaks of water running down her face.  Her lips quivered. “Put me out of my misery.”
	“No,” James said blatantly.
	“I’m begging you.  I’ve lost everything in the last three days.  I don’t want to die like this.” Her eyes opened, crossing the pistol in her husband’s grip once more.  She took a deep breath.
	“Staff Sergeant,” James said authoritatively, “secure that weapon.”
	The woman knew there was only one way this would end as she desired. “I’m sorry,” She reached for the gun.
	Walt was a step away to kick the gun out of her reach, but she already had a hand around it.  Walt stretched his arm out to throw it aside.  The barrel swung back to the Lieutenant. “No!” Walt screamed.
	A gunshot echoed down the street.  James made the split second decision.  His aim never swayed from her.  He wasn’t going to kill her out of mercy, there was no way he had the moral ability to end a person’s life like that.  The presence of a threat left him no choice.  The bullet that pierced her skull extinguished her susceptibility of becoming another of Reaper’s slaves.  The body slumped to the floor, drained of the soul that led her to this point.
	James kept the rifle aimed at her.  Walter put a hand on his head.  As James lowered his arms, he was oblivious to a tear sliding down his face.  To save their country, they had to turn their weapons on the innocent who were only separated by a toxin in their blood.  A time like this would come again.  And it would only get worse from this moment on.
	Robert and Derek were two of only three volunteers to fix leaky roofing atop the dining hall.  The third was that of Mitchell Root.  Mitch was in his mid thirties, a former war veteran, and stood at 6’1” with thin blonde hair and gray eyes.  He was a former war veteran, an EOD Staff Sergeant upon his retirement.  Had it been his decision, Mitch would have never left.  But an accident that could have killed him instead only cost him a finger and a career.
	The dining hall roof wasn’t an easy fix.  On top of that it required experience, or at least common sense.  Strange how hard that was to come around these days.  The roof was slippery and the sun rays reflecting off the metal affected eyesight.  To get a better vantage, Robert led them to the second floor.  Out a door on the second floor stood the air conditioning unit under custom roofing.  The balcony offered a great vantage of the front gate.
	Robert stepped over the wooden grating onto the open balcony.  After a few steps, he found his way back to the emerald metal.  Derek and Mitch followed safely behind.  Robert led them onto the angular rooftop and used vent gratings as a method to ascend.  He managed to reach the summit in about a minute.  Rob glanced down to see if his coworkers were okay.
	“What’s taking you so long?”
	Derek chuckled, “Arthritis.”
	Mitch stopped, turned, propped his legs against the vents, and sparked a cigarette. “Smoke break.”
	Robert laughed, “Those things will kill you someday.”
	“Don’t be a hypocrite, Bobby.” Mitch smiled.
	Derek continued climbing, where Robert outstretched an arm to help him up.  The two came to a stand where their eyes were transfixed on the camp.  Robert took an apprehensive breath.  He wouldn’t let the virus slip from his mind for a second.  His eyes drifted over to the Meadowlark cabins.  Something started to fester in his mind.
	Robert was sure to research the Reaper virus before and after the operation and thus knew everything about it.  The fact that undead hosts could walk no more than three to four miles per hour.  That their agility within five feet of a living organism trumped mankind’s top athletes.  The virus could be spread by scratches as well as bites.  However their sight, sound, and sense of smell was parallel to that of living beings.  And their coordination was shot to hell.  In other words, the undead lacked the ability to climb or swim.
	Robert glanced at his elder. “Have you spoken to your kids?”
	“Sandra doesn’t buy it.  She’s still in San Diego…” Derek hesitated. “But Quinn hasn’t answered me.”
	“He will.  I have faith.”
	“Faith?” Derek asked. “You had faith this virus was destroyed.”
	“There were never any guarantees.  If it could be made once, it could be made again.”
	Derek smirked. “I guess there’s a silver lining to this end of the world thing.  It started five months ahead of that Mayan bullshit.” Derek chuckled. “Any bright ideas on what we should do when it hits?”
	Robert smirked.  Meadowlark’s cabins were set more than six feet off the ground at any time.  Refuge from the undead, where they couldn’t reach you. “One just came to my mind.”
	Mitch ascended the rest of the way and stepped up behind Derek. “What’s this about the end of the world?”
	Robert took a deep breath, “You’ll see soon enough, brother, I promise you that.”
	“Are you talking about LA?” Mitch asked with a grin spreading across his face.
	“Who talked?”
	“You’re not the only one with friends in the service, Sergeant.  They’re getting hammered in west LA right now.  My guy on the frontline says people are revolting against the armed forces inside.”
	“Why?” Derek interrupted Robert from speaking.
	Mitch cleared his throat. “People don’t like to be locked in a city with a virus spreading rampant.  The blackout affected everything outside of LA.  Almost everyone in that city knows what’s going on.  They started broadcasting warnings to stay indoors until the outbreak stopped.   But the number of infected have only jumped with the city locked down.  They don’t like the sight of soldiers shooting civilians, either.  While our forces can’t shoot until they get shot at, dozens of people have gone suicide-by-cop rather than live through another hour of agony.”
	“That’s not the important part,” Robert spoke up. “The Army and Navy sent all their resources to one metropolis of about five million people.  But the virus could already be beyond that, somewhere in the other ninety nine percent.  Cases are going to start popping up tonight.  Keep your eyes on the news.”
	The radio kicked up.  All of the men reacted to the sound, mostly in an attempt to feign working hard for hardly working. “What are you boys doing up there?” The voice of a middle aged woman asked.
	Robert chuckled, the only one who didn’t jump at the static. “We’re patching some holes.”
	“It looks like you’re making a chimney.”
	Mitch mouthed the words ‘shit’ while Derek rolled his eyes.  Robert chuckled, “Eyes of a Fowler.”
	“You’re not getting paid to smoke on company time, Rob.”
	“Consider me a volunteer, Brooke.  Besides I’m not the smoker up here.”
	Brooke replied with a growl of irritation, “Mitchell, I’m not going to warn you about this again.”
	Mitch shook his head, “Damn, she’s good.” He smirked at Robert and signaled him to hit the call button.  As Robert opened the line, Mitch spoke up, “Third time’s the charm, ma’am.”
	Brooke was a more sophisticated person than Robert.  She chose a career to dedicate herself to that helped people rather than went to war.  True, she hadn’t seen the worst side of man’s decadence.  But she did see the brightest side, the source of innocence.  Working with kids who hadn’t been corrupted by violence and deceit, and also touching the lives of teens who needed guidance.  She’d been working for this organization for two decades, rising to a position of seniority and respect.  Most of that same time was spent raising children who now lived successful lives of their own miles away.  She was descendant from French and Italian heritage and stood at five foot seven on a toned frame, with shoulder length brunette hair and a freckled complexion.
	Another voice came on the line.  It was a female, much younger and much more spontaneous. “Can anyone explain why all of my friends in California haven’t called in three days?” Everyone listening could hear Zack telling her to shut up before she turned the call off.
	Robert rolled his eyes.  Typical of Zack’s behavior, spilling the details of their little conversation to his girlfriend of a year.  Coincidentally they had been coworkers for the same amount of time.  But Robert didn’t merit a response quick enough. 
	“That is a good question.” The husband of Brooke Fowler, Justin spoke with as much authority as his wife. “I haven’t been able to talk to my brother in West Hollywood since Sunday.”
	Zack shook his head at Savannah.  The blonde with hazel eyes and only standing at five feet tall sent him a crude look. “My brother’s in San Diego, Zack.  I worry when I don’t hear from him.” She tried to press the send button again, but Zack reached for it.  Both wrestled over the radio for a moment.
	Robert growled. “Stop fighting!” He ordered.  The lines became deathly silent.  Both Derek and Mitch heard the voice he hadn’t used since he was in the Army.  They were more entertained than surprised he could take on that tone. “I’ll explain what’s going on in California after I get down from this roof.  Give us thirty minutes.”
	Mitch titled his head. “What are we going to do with thirty minutes?”
	Derek reached into his pocket for a plastic bag. “Do you think anyone will smell it up here?”
	Robert smirked. “You might want to be sober listening to this.”
	“You explained most of it already, but I’d like to enjoy your speech about the end of the world.”
	“And how would you enjoy it?”
	“By looking at the faces people make when they hear you going on about zombies.” Derek bit his lip when he thought about it.  He pushed the pot back into his pocket. “I’ll save it for when I get home, then.”
	Robert pulled the pack off his back and removed the three sheets of metal.  While the repair job wasn’t exactly ideal, it would do the job.  All Chris asked them to do was super glue the metal sheets to the leaks.  And with feathers poking out the three holes, it was easy to spot and patch in less than fifteen minutes.
	Robert kept his hand on the last panel, making sure it dried and sealed.  Derek’s job was finished.  He sent Mitch a look. “I’m going back down.  See you inside.” He took his first foot off the roof, when his second slipped.  Derek fell into an unstoppable roll, tumbling over and smacking his head hard enough to lose consciousness.  Robert had only the split second action to react.  He dove left and reached with both arms to grab for Derek.  His left fingers ensnared his cousin’s collar.
	With Robert’s hand clutched around Derek’s clothes, the momentum dragged him along for the ride.  Robert’s right arm stretched to the center of the roof.  He needed any source of drag that could be created.  The slippery roof didn’t offer any handrails as guidance or assistance.  Robert’s efforts pulled Derek out of his tailspin.  But the two slid closer and closer, Robert kicking his legs out to slow them down.
	Seeing the edge of the rooftop approaching fast, Robert rolled across and wrapped himself around Derek.  Robert embraced his arms and clenched his legs around Derek.  It was a survivable fall if he stuck the landing.  Both slid off the emerald rooftop and barreled toward the ground.  Robert raised one of his hands and pressed Derek’s bobbing head into his shoulder.  Rob closed his eyes just before they would hit.
	The sensation started off dizzily while Robert rose back into consciousness.  He woke about one minute later to Brooke’s face staring down at his.  It was blurry at first, but it came into focus. “Tell me who you are.” Her test to see if he was suffering from a concussion.  As hard as he hit his head on the ground, it wouldn’t be surprising.
	Robert choked out a cough. “Robert Joseph Caldwell, date of birth September seventeenth, nineteen eighty two, blood type A positive, serial number--” Brooke lifted a hand.
	“Enough,” she smiled, “you didn’t hit your head as hard as I thought.”
	He tested his fingers and toes before anything else.  Everything was a bit fuzzy from the shock his body was going through.  But Robert’s senses were right where he left them. “Derek?”
	“He’s okay.” She smiled. “Honestly, I think he’s got a bigger bump on his head than you.  That was a very selfless thing I witnessed, Robert.  It makes me proud.”
	Robert beamed, “Maybe now’s a good time to talk to me about that promotion.”
	“It involves living on campus,” Brooke laughed. “I thought you wouldn’t dream of doing that.” She glanced at his right shoulder, which absorbed most of the two men’s weight.  The bone was out of place.  But he didn’t feel it yet, and Brooke didn’t wish to enlighten him to what was going to be excruciatingly painful once his sense of touch came back.
	Robert contemplated what briefly rushed across his mind eighteen minutes and sixty feet in elevation ago. “Honestly, I’m beginning to think that might not be such a bad idea.” He glanced back from where he fell. “Your roof is fixed.” He laughed.
	Brooke rolled her eyes, “We’ll have to see when the monsoon comes in.”
	“If it leaks, I can get back up there.”
	Brooke chuckled, “I think it’s best we leave that for the professionals.” Brooke turned her head to the sound of a young woman yelling Robert’s name. “Your girlfriend is coming.”
	“She’s not my--” Brooke put a finger to his lips.
	She smiled, “Don’t jump to conclusions, Bobby.  It doesn’t always hurt to embrace the unexpected.” She rose to a stand and started walking in a beeline for the young lady.  Brooke caught Nicole before she rushed to Rob. “He’s okay.”
	“Are you sure?”
	“Nikki, I raised two kids who fell on their heads twice a week.  He’s got a bump on the head and his shoulder might be out, but nothing detrimental.” A miracle, some would believe.  The moist dirt offered some cushion and Rob’s left shoulder was squared to take the brunt.  That was the one thing that had yet to have feeling come back.
	Robert felt a swell of hurt rush around his shoulder joint as the blonde put her hands on him.  The fall forced his arm out of socket.  Figures, Nicole would have put her hand on that source of agony. “Rob--” Robert screamed from her clenching his bicep. “Sorry,” she apologized immediately. “I didn’t mean to hurt you.”
	“It’s not you,” Robert bit his lip. “My arm’s out.” He didn’t want to move it until someone with skill could put it back in. “Get Mitch, he’ll know what to do.”
	“On my way, Bobby.” Mitch had been eyeballing the scene from the rooftop.  As soon as he heard the request, he was sliding down a rope to ground level.  It took all of ten seconds for Mitch to kneel at Rob’s side. “Nice one, Sergeant.  Ever had this happen before?”
	Mitch helped lift Robert into a seated posture.  Robert found it harder to breathe with the sting of a thousand needles pricking without relent.  He felt Nicole’s fingers wrap around his palm. “Once,” Rob gasped, “Football, sophomore year.”
	Mitch carefully massaged Robert’s dislocated arm while it was still out of its joint.  It didn’t take much away from the pain, but Robert found himself able to breathe easier.  He glanced at Nicole and sent her a smile.  Mitch nodded, “Practice or game time?”
	“Game time,” Robert said. “Ran into Patrick Miller, 6’4,” 280, solid bulk.  It was like hitting a wall at sixty--” Mitch was very precise when he put all his energy into the thrust.  Robert’s bone moved with ease and settled back in the joint.  Robert screamed from what he could only describe as hot steel burning into his arm. “Damn it, Mitch!” Rob yelled sardonically, “I was trying to relive my youth.” He waited for the tingling sensation to go away before raising an arm. “I appreciate that.”
	“You owe me a back rub,” Mitch joked. “But for now, I’ll settle with a story.  Is your memory fresh?” Rob nodded, a serious tone spreading across his face. “Good.  I’ve got your back if they don’t buy it.”
	“Let’s try to break it to them easy.” Robert suggested.
	Nicole’s brow furrowed, “Break what to us?”
	His eyes locked with hers before he said “Reaper.”
	Ten minutes later found Robert at the head of sixteen other members of his staff.  Those in attendance ranged from lowly kitchen or maintenance all the way up to operations manager of the campus.  All had eyes on Robert, and both Mitch and Nicole were a few steps beside him.  Only four people among the staff had an inquiry about Los Angeles.  But as soon as two were a factor, there were no coincidences.
	“This all began two years ago.”
	Savannah cut him short, “What’s going on now?”
	“You’ll find out in a minute.” Robert looked deep into her eyes.  He didn’t want to demean her.  But he did have a background that needed to be explained, because it directly correlated to this threat.
	Savannah licked her lips, “I’m worried about my brother.”
	Rob raised his index finger, begging her patience. “Two years ago, I was sent on an operation in classified territory.  We were deployed to destroy a virus at its manufacturing plant.  A virus codenamed Reaper for the devastation it could cause.  There has been no biological weapon developed like this.  It can kill anything it touches, with no vaccine, an incubation period of less than six hours, and no immunity.  Once its victims are dead, the bodies come back to life.  But not as the people they were.  Slaves, pawns whose only motivation is to feed on any living organism it can reach.”
	“You mean like zombies?” Ben asked from the back of the crowd.  Several people murmured.
	Robert didn’t want to incite a panic.  He didn’t want to be a mockery for what some would call a delusion he dreamt up after the fall.  But he couldn’t lie.  This virus would be on their doorstep in ninety hours or less. “Yes.”
	Chris immediately raised his voice. “So, it seems like Bobby’s having a little trouble remembering our debate--”
	Mitch took a step forward, “With all due respect Mr. Phelps, Robert isn’t making a word of this off the top of his head.  This is a very tangible threat.  My source in the Army reported the same information to me less than twelve hours ago.”
	Many of the listeners grew in concern.  Savannah raised her hand, “Where is this happening?”
	“Los Angeles,” Robert admitted. “The Army has been deployed to quarantine the city, but I’m positive it’s crossed borders.”
	Chris spread his arms. “Why haven’t we heard anything?”
	“It’s a blackout, sir.  If the government doesn’t want us to see it, we won’t.  But the news still leaks through the cracks of their walls.”
	Mitch nodded, “This was one of the military’s primary threats, and one of the most unpredictable.  A bomb kills so many people inside its blast.  This virus has the potential to infect every person on the planet in six months without intervention.”
	“And with intervention?”
	Mitch paused, “With our full military might on US soil prepared to deploy anywhere, it could have been stopped.  With our current stateside resources…twelve months.”
	“And it can all happen because one person escaped before the quarantine.” Rob stared out the window.  He didn’t know when or where it would happen, but he wanted these people to be prepared for it.  The monster that he couldn’t forget because of his most recent brush with death was staring him down like the scene from an old west shootout.  It was a matter of timing and reaction.  If one person entered this town carrying the virus, he could spread it to a dozen within his first hour of arrival.  That dozen could multiply the number to hundreds.  Within the revolution of daylight, the town would be lost to the dead.
	Roger Cruz hadn’t set foot in California in four years.  He lived a perfect life driving a taxi around Las Vegas.  The money was good and the job was busy.  He was a master on the road.  But everything changed no less than four hours ago.  After having a scuffle with one of his fares over the money, Roger had contracted the virus with a scratch across his stomach.  The virus was eating him alive from the thin cut that barely drew blood.  His organs were deteriorating.
	By the time Roger found the reason to go to the nearest hospital, he was already on a crash course.  Roger sped as fast as he could weaving through traffic.  Reaper had climbed through Roger’s core and easily latched to his brainstem.  Roger started to black out.  Synapses were failing to fire.  Parts of his mind began to shut down.  Motor function was one of the victims that led to a fatality.
	The driver’s arm gave out, spinning the wheel hard to the left.  The car was traveling at almost sixty miles an hour in highway traffic.  It struck the center divider and momentum threw it into a deadly roll.  The car barreled over two and a half times, landing on the roof.  In the time it took for the accident to take place, Roger was long since dead.  Reaper had touched every sensor of Roger’s central nervous system, and in the blink of an eye shut everything down.
	Thirty minutes after the accident, his death was being speculated as a brain aneurysm.  The body was loaded in a bag and carted into an adjacent ambulance.  One of the paramedics stared at the scene of the accident solemnly. “Can’t save them all, Quinn.” His partner said as he returned to the driver’s seat of the ambulance. “Let’s get rid of the stiff.  I still got another hour on my shift.”
	Quinn took his seat as the passenger.  He leaned back in his chair and watched the Vegas skyline flying over.  The man was about to drift off to sleep when his cell phone rang.  Quinn rolled his eyes, “You’ve got to be shitting me.”
	The driver glanced over, “Who is it?”
	“Dad.” Quinn hit the ignore button to make the ring tone stop.
	“You might as well answer it.  We’re probably not going to get called with graveyard taking over in ten.”
	Quinn shook his head, “Screw him.”
	“He may have done something fucked up, but if it weren’t for him, you wouldn’t be here today.”
	“Given the condition of my sister the suicidal cop, my mom the delirious prescription addict, and my dad the glorified janitor with a drinking problem, I’m starting to think that doesn’t sound like a bad idea.” It went to voicemail.
	“You don’t mean that.” The phone started ringing again. “See, he’s trying to connect.  Maybe he wants to apologize.”
	“He can apologize whenever he wants.”
	The driver giggled. “He can’t if you don’t pick up the phone, smartass.”
	“Okay, Ray.  I’ll intrigue him.  But if I hear him slur a word, I’m hanging up.” Quinn rolled his eyes before he put the phone to his ear. “Father?”
	“I’m glad to hear your voice again,” Derek said sincerely. “You sound older.”
	“It’s been about five years, pops.”
	Derek sighed, “I know.  I’ve been trying--”
	Quinn interrupted, “What’s this about, dad?  I’m on the clock.”
	“Robert Caldwell.  His source in the Army warned him that a deadly virus was on the verge of sweeping the globe.  You need to get out of Las Vegas as soon as possible.”
	Quinn rolled his eyes, “End of the world scenarios now?  Great, I left and you were a drunk, now you’re calling me while on acid trips?  Good work, dad.” Quinn hung up the phone without waiting for his father’s response.
	Ray shook his head. “That wasn’t very nice.” Quinn didn’t answer.  He pondered the last twenty four years of his life.  His father Derek Norwood had stooped to addiction when Quinn was only four.  He didn’t want to think about that house.  But every time he heard his father’s voice, he heard the demon inside.  Quinn glanced back when he heard the bag shuffle. “What was that?”
	Quinn kept an eye on it for another second. “The body’s settling.” Quinn leaned back in his chair and let his eyes close.
	Hundreds of miles away, Derek looked at his phone in sorrow.  His son had never spoken to him, and he wasn’t going to start now.  Derek could never forgive himself for what he did to his family.  His son and his ex-wife would never speak to him and condemned him.  Only his daughter Sandra ever felt compassion for him.  He had overcome his addiction, but the scars remained.  And they always would if the ones he loved would never forgive him.

Day 4 
Serenity

	Sun had yet to set another day of light on the city of Los Angeles, which had now become a battlefield.  The center of the city was consumed by chaos and anarchy.  Police forces had lost containment or lost forces due to mass panic.  Civilians were rising up, taking matters into their own hands.  They were fully aware of what zombies were from Hollywood.  News reports from those trapped inside the city revealed the horrifying reality of their circumstance.  In turn the rule of kill or be killed became law.
	James pulled the helmet out from over his head.  He heard gunfire both to the south and west going off constantly.  It was almost like the wars he lived through.  But in his mind and every other mind in uniform, it was worse…because it was California.  Not a foreign country that he had no care for and only served his purpose, but his own heartland.  This was not the way for a beautiful metropolis on the edge of the Pacific to die.  Yet it looked more and more like death with every passing hour.
	The Lieutenant stepped out of his humvee.  He’d managed to compile four hours of sleep over the course of the Los Angeles campaign entering it’s fourth day.  But he couldn’t sleep for another minute.  Every few seconds, a radio transmission came in from any one of the seven platoons spread across twenty miles of surface streets and freeway.  With the rising sun, hundreds of desperate civilians turned weapons against the men who had once dedicated to protect them.
	Hotel and Diego teams were getting hammered by multiple contacts.  The terrain offered more advantages to the locals.  Given the fact that the quarantine only served to spread the virus among those inside its walls, many were willing to fight and die when put in comparison with being eaten alive.  Suicide by cop became the most humane option second only to mercy execution or pulling the trigger on one self.
	James lowered the volume on his radio. “Can’t listen to that shit anymore.”
	Walter was stationed in the same position he stood upon yesterday.  He couldn’t get the dead off his mind.  Their faces weren’t of war, they weren’t soldiers or heroes.  This outbreak was one of the most inhuman acts he’d ever heard could be committed.  Walter flicked a cigarette away. “Don’t have a choice, sir.  Riverside is about to be breached.”
	“Are you sure?”
	“They’ve taken four casualties in the last hour.  If they suffer any more losses, they’ll have to retreat and give up their post.  And if we lose that, Diamond Bar and the interchange to our south will collapse like a house of cards.”
	“Any movement?”
	“Nothing, sir.” Walter took his eyes off the road.
	James saw the back blast of a launched rocket system from a rooftop fifty feet away.  A second didn’t pass before he was flying into action.  James wrapped his arms around Walter, tackling both of them to the ground.  Sergeant Merrill didn’t have the same ability.  The fatigue affected his alertness and his position on the roof gun couldn’t be escaped in time.  Upon impact with the side of the humvee, the rocket detonated.  The truck and its sole deceased occupant rolled over from the shockwave.
	James and Walter were caught in the moment, their senses overcharged with a blast of adrenaline.  It seemed like the following seconds ticked by in slow motion.   Only moment after the first truck was engulfed in flames and sliding to a halt, another rocket was launched.  Specialist Thompson lifted himself onto the roof and thrust his body away from the target.  The rocket’s collision sparked an explosion that pushed into the vehicle.  Chain reaction doubled the splash area and shockwave.  Thompson rolled to a stop on asphalt.
	The soldiers clambered back to their feet with the first shots of automatic fire filling their ears. “Lima, this is Nova!  We have been engaged!  Where the hell are you?”
	Lima’s response sounded just as desperate. “Nova, you’re on your own!  They’re hitting us from all angles!”
	In the same minutes, another transmission came from across the reservoir. “Juliet, Abrams, do you copy, over?” No response. “Abrams, call back!” A blast shook the ground under Walter’s feet.  That was nothing less than a tank cannon administering its powerful blast.
	Moments after the tank cannon fired, another voice jumped up. “This is Uniform, they’ve got one of our tanks!  I count five men down, our roadblock is gone!  Papa, fall back to second--” Another tank shell dispersed, and the transmission cut off in that instant.
	Walter rushed to the side of the facedown Specialist Thompson. “Thompson!” Walt dropped at his side and checked the pulse at his neck.  The Specialist was killed by his proximity to the blast despite his attempt to escape.  Walter clenched his teeth, “Damn it!”
	“Lima,” James recorded, “we’re outnumbered!  Suggest you fall back now, over!”
	“Negative, Nova, we’re cut off!  We’ll hold them as long as--” a snap over the line suddenly stopped him.  James growled at the sound of it.  Somehow, members of the surviving populace had taken more than three hundred soldiers by surprise.  James was one of those foolish enough to get comfortable with a monster he didn’t truly understand.  Reaper was the deadliest threat, and it would bring out the worst in many of people whether they were its victims or beneficiaries of its effects.
	The floodgates were open.  Forces to the west were for all intents and purposes dead.  Their marine counterparts were getting hit just as hard trying to hold the breaching wall with their forces spread thin.  James rushed behind a video store with two members of his squad.  Sergeant Blake Watson and Private First Class Tim Olsen.  One had barely seen outside of the classroom while the other had only seen this kind of warfare in the deserts.  Both had the same horrified tone bleeding through their eyes.
	James put his back to the wall.  A quick peek around the corner was followed by a series of gunshots.  James tucked his head back and clicked his radio. “Nova, we hold the last line of this quarantine.  If we can’t hold it, we lose the city.”
	Ken was listening to gunshots pepper off his humvee already but didn’t show the slightest sign of fear. “All due respect Lieutenant, If we hold this quarantine we lose every life in this city.”
	“Copy,” James grunted angrily, “if LA is not contained, the virus will destroy our country.”
	Ken shook his head.  He knew it was only a matter of time until his own brothers would shed their blood.  And for a purpose that no longer mattered. “The virus was beyond our quarantine before we got here, sir!”
	Walter’s voice keyed up, “Owens, get back in line!” Ken looked down at his rifle.  His grip around the cold metal tightened, and he drew it to aim over the truck.  The crosshairs strafed to a man rushing toward them with a rifle.  He pulled the trigger a single time and sent his opponent to the soft dirt.
	Walter and James peeked out again, first laying eyes on dozens of gunmen walking.  Behind the infantry were a number of cars creeping slowly behind. “Prepare to fire!” James yelled.
	Walter clicked his mike, “Nova, prepare to engage.” He wanted them to get closer.  Their ammunition was limited.  No better solution than to let them multiply.
	Staff Sergeant Crawford’s Charlie unit was responsible for holding down the road closest to the blocked highway.  None of those men knew what was coming.  Their eyes were focused on different groups of gunmen moving from car to car.  Chad let a slow breath escape his lungs.  He lifted his helmet to wipe a bead of sweat from his brow.  His eyes drifted to the elevated freeway, just as a figure was leaning over with a cylindrical device.  A blast of smoke dispersed and a rocket started spiraling straight toward him.
	Chad turned to escape the blast, “RPG!” He had taken five steps before the rocket detonated against a flatbed truck.  Chad and two of his soldiers were struck by the shockwave.  The Staff Sergeant dizzily lifted his head off the ground.  His breathing was all that echoed in his ears.  His vision faded from a vast blur to normal eyesight.  Chad saw a still form on the ground next to him.  Despite the circumstances and his weakened condition, he crawled across the five foot gap.
	His hand clamped the Corporal’s vest. “Saunders, get up!” Chad said loudly.  The body didn’t react to the shake or loud order.  Chad raised his hand to check the pulse, but the man was dead.  His squad mate was thrown much further by the blast which killed him instantly.   Crawford slowly clambered back to his feet using the barrel of his gun as a crutch.  All around him, guns were blazing.  The broken order between soldier and civilian had submerged them in the fires of combat.
	Crawford’s rifle rested against his shoulder, his eye focused through the aperture, his shoulders twisted to target his most sinister opponent.  The gun stabbed a perfect vector across their space when his bullet echoed down the barrel.  Before the grenadier had an opportunity to launch another volley he was flipping backwards from a shot to the temple.  Chad rushed under the highway with the rest of his squad.
	Chad assured he was safe behind a cement pillar before calling it in. “We’re taking fire from the north freeway.  Onyx?” he called for the marines guarding the opposite side of the freeway street level.  As he glanced over, his eyes caught the smoke trails of half a dozen rockets being launched. “Onyx, do you copy?” No response touched his ears.
	Specialist Evan Norton, despite an age of 21, had an attitude just as composed as Ken Owens.  He kept his focus on a spot of movement behind a trash can.  His breath steadied. “Staff Sergeant, got any ideas?”
	“We can’t hold them on our own.”
	Evan turned his rifle slightly and raised the trajectory a fraction.  He sent a round through the thin metal.  The shot strafed a single gunman through the abdomen. “I’m ready when you are, sir.”
	“Lieutenant,” Chad requested, “they’re about to breach our perimeter.” 
	James as well as the rest of Alpha fired on everything they could hit.  But there were too many.   These people had organized to fight the power.  To survive they had to cross a malicious line.  Perhaps thousands were lining up for a mile.  There was no way Alpha could hold this.  Before he knew it, his rifle rang empty. “Loading!” As he took cover, the Sergeant took his place and started to unload.
	Blake had his body exposed for a matter of seconds before a sting ran up his forearm.  The burn of pain struck every inch of charred flesh.  The Sergeant yelped from the shot. “Damn it.” He clamped a hand over the entry cavity.  It stung more, burrowed several inches into his arm.  When he tried to wrap his hand around the gun, the agony rushed through every burning nerve.
	James finished reloading. “Watson, what’s your status?”
	“My arm’s fucked.  I can’t use my rifle.” He pulled his pistol from its holster, forced to use his left hand to retrieve the secondary.  His arm swung around the corner and he fired blindly.
	“Watson, get back.” James planted his back against the wall again.  He peered out, spotting a sniper on the nearest roof across the street.  His rifle spun about to fire on the soldier.  All three apertures lined up with the target, but any time for second guesses was out the window.  James’ finger squeezed and a bullet fired.  In the same instant, James glimpsed his own fatal hesitation.  A bullet blew through his forehead, fired from the sniper James killed.  A death for a death.
	Walter turned his head to see James standing there, blood pouring from his temple.  His eyes didn’t want to believe it.  But they shut and opened to see the same thing.  James’ legs gave out, and the Staff Sergeant slumped to the floor with no spirit to guide the flesh.
	Walter was distraught from the tragic vision.  His leader, supervisor, guide, and confidante was deceased.  Walter didn’t want the responsibility of platoon leader, he didn’t want to be a leader.  The only reason he was still here was because he survived.  Walter was now committed to retreat his soldiers so they wouldn’t end up like their Lieutenant.
	Staff Sergeant Bluth gulped before he took the radio, “Nova, fall back!  We’ve lost the objective!  Lieutenant Scott is KIA, we are pulling out now!”
	The playmakers outside of the arena were listening to every word of conversation between the hopeless soldiers.  As soon as Walter called in the retreat of one of the last platoons ordered to hold the Pomona quarantine, they were ready. “Nova,” AWACS called the platoon as well as the others who had survived to this point. “Containment of Pomona has failed, fall back to Twenty Nine Palms immediately.”
	Walt was surprised, “We’re giving up Los Angeles?”
	“Your unit was the last capable of holding the flood.  We need to reorganize at the border.”
	“What about the virus?  If we desert the whole city, this thing will be in Nevada and Arizona by nightfall.”
	“We are mandated to beg your platoon retreats before your position is overrun.  A contingency is already in effect.”
	Master Sergeant Ken Owens heard the report.  He reached into the truck. “What is the contingency?”
	Owens knew what was at stake when they were abandoning a campaign.  They had suffered too heavy of losses in three days.  The floodgates would be open when they retreated.  If this virus was unleashed with the full force of hundreds of thousands of infected, the US would be rampant with the disease.  A contingency could only mean a few things, and those options bore less discretion and more stopping power than ten thousand riflemen.
	The transmission came back. “The cabinet has authorized Serenity.” Ken’s heart stopped beating.  Serenity was the codename for the US Air Force’s last resort in this campaign.  A twenty five megaton thermonuclear warhead launched from a submarine off the coast of California.  The detonation at a height of five thousand feet had the potential to vaporize anything in a six mile radius and wipe out electronics up to forty miles from ground zero.
	Ken jumped into the truck.  Sergeant Major Braden Cahill and Staff Sergeant Eli Sewell took the front passenger seat and roof gun respectively. “What’s the countdown?”
	“Thirty minutes to launch with a four minute flight time.” The voice replied.
	Ken looked at the other members of his squad. “I’m going to Fullerton, to get my wife out of this mess.  Sergeant Haley, take the other humvee and the rest of our men east.”
	“Are you going to be okay?” One of his more loyal soldiers asked.
	“It’s outside of the blast radius,” Ken nodded, “we’ll be fine.”
	“Nova,” the radio flared with Walter’s voice. “All units fall back.  We cannot maintain our corridor, over.”
	Ken put his foot on the gas and sped forward into the dark morning.  This bomb would be a flare for the world, signaling the catalyst for the downfall of mankind.  The humvee sped straight into the gunfire.  Ken followed San Dimas Avenue without a hint of worry for what could happen.  The other three soldiers retreated in the opposite direction, eventually regrouping with the platoon on Arrow.
	“Delta,” Walter called when he noticed a truck missing from their unit, “Where’s your second humvee?”
	“Southbound, sir.” Ken replied.  He ducked as gunshots started to pepper the windshield.
	“Fall back!”
	“I can’t follow that order, Staff Sergeant.  We’re losing this city, but I’m not losing my wife.”
	“Fullerton is beyond our perimeter.  You’re driving straight into a war.”
	Ken pushed his foot down, then applied the handbrake to turn onto the highway. “Looks that way, Walt.”
	“I can’t help you if you don’t stop now!”
	Ken ripped the headset off, “I don’t need your help.”
	“We’ve got your back, Master Sergeant!” Cahill backed up his squad leader.  He trusted this man with his life, even though they were driving deeper into the abyss.
	It didn’t take Ken long to reach a mass of gunmen passing by the charred remains of Lima platoon’s vehicles and soldiers underneath the Orange Freeway.  Eli unloaded the roof gun to disperse the advancing crowd.  Gunshots peppered the humvee.  Ken expertly navigated through the fiery mess of detonated trucks.  After driving two miles, the road came to a sudden end.
	The Master Sergeant knew exactly where he was in this city as he pulled the handbrake and drifted left.  The truck fishtailed hard and fast as it twisted onto one street, then up the onramp.  What made Ken lucky, besides a few clear streets, was that every car in the city was trying to get out of the city and not further in.  While northbound lanes were stacked in gridlock, the southbound ones were desolate.  Ken accelerated the whole way up the loop.  As soon as he saw straight road ahead, Ken put his foot on the floor.
	The humvee raced toward the interchange.  Juliet and Uniform platoons were recently crippled by a hijacked tank at this very spot.  Since they were on the higher road, they wouldn’t attract much attention.  But that isn’t what got Braden’s attention.  He spotted a silver glimmer coming quickly from the west. “Kenny, I suggest you floor it.”
	“I’m going as fast as I can.”
	“I sure hope so.  Because that jet is coming too close.”
	Ken’s eyes spun to see the aircraft in the same moments it began to drop payload. “They’re going to level the interchange.” The Air Force was trying to slow the fleeing virus from leaving the city, at any cost it seemed.  Ken clenched the wheel.  His foot was already pushing the humvee to its limit.  The truck bumped as it ascended the incline above east and westbound lanes.  Only a moment later, Eli’s peripheral locked on two blasts of missile propellant. “Oh, shit.”
	Ken’s eyes didn’t sway from the roadway.  He knew what was about to strike.  The difference was only seconds between life and death.  Four rockets laid waste to key structural points on the massive interchange.  Concrete was vaporized, pillars crushed.  Everyone aboard felt the highway starting to give way underneath them.  The humvee lost traction for part of the journey, but Owens was a precision driver.  He glided the truck onto to the connecting highway piece not a moment too soon.  The rear tires proved that when they started to fall and slammed against the concrete.
	The Master Sergeant recovered from the rough impact and put his foot back on the gas.  They’d made it by the skin of their teeth.  Eli glanced back at the interchange.  All he could see was a cloud of silver dust rising in place of the road behind them.  Braden wiped his brow and chuckled. “Can’t get much closer to the edge with anyone else, Master Sergeant.” Ken smirked, but his mind was focused on two things: the road, and his wife. 
	The platoon in Diamond Bar was devastated by civilian uprising.  A string of fire-strewn cars lined the east side of the intersection.  Infantrymen were all over the roadway.  Eli spun up the gun, preparing to fire.  As much he disliked firing on his own people, the fact they already killed three of his teammates allowed him to stomach the morality.  He did allow them the chance to think about it before firing.
	A muzzle flashed from the front of the crowd.  Eli put his thumb down, ejecting hundreds of rounds on the masses of vigilantes.  The Staff Sergeant ducked from the singe of rounds popping off nearby his unprotected arms, chest, and neck.  Eli’s aim swung both ways across the road.  Braden had his rifle out the window, and Ken was shooting his M9 out the drivers side.  The truck ramped up to a hundred before it charged at the mass of people.  Multiple gunmen were eliminated by the combined fire of three men.
	The truck launched headfirst with no signs of relent.  While most people were smart enough to jump out of the way, a select few chose to stand their ground.  Ken grunted when a bullet sliced into his right shoulder.  He took the injured hand off the wheel, but his left was locked in place.
	A deafening thump hit the bumper of the truck, signaling the first of many bodies he crushed.  The truck lost little momentum through the separating crowd.  Once the anarchists realized the humvee wouldn’t stop, they were quick to get out of the way.  Ken found an open highway in a matter of seconds.  Throughout the drive through the crowd, everyone including Eli was ducked down to avoid being shot by the masses on the sides.
	Ken rose up to get a look at the road again after they were beyond the gunfire.  Every window in the truck was shattered from gunfire.  Eli took a look behind them, then rose to operate the chain gun once more.  The journey fifteen miles felt like fifteen thousand.  Braden constantly had his eye on the clock.  For a few moments during the drive, they found a solemnity to recover.  Ken steadied his breath while he had the chance.  Eli monitored every corner of his eyesight down an abandoned stretch of highway, the gun ahead of him spinning at full speed.  Ken finally spotted the turnoff and ascended onto street level.
	As the car came down the ramp, Braden counted the time. “Ten minutes.”
	“We’re almost there.” Ken removed the empty magazine.  The gun rested in his lap when he made the right turn onto surface streets.  He raced down a mile and a half of chaos and anarchy.  Bodies piled along the sides of the streets, cars engulfed in flames littered the roadway, gunshots report as far as a mile and close as ten feet.  Bullets popped against the humvee ever so often, but it became clear that they were in a less congested area.
	Ken spun the wheel, diverting into a residential neighborhood.  After three turns led him deeper into the cluster of residences, his own home stood out like a Lamborghini among a dealership of Hondas.  Ken slowed his rate of speed just enough.  Once the car was rolling onto the driveway, the transmission was being jammed into park. 
	Ken rushed into the half open door with his pistol leveled. “Lizzie!” He screamed at the top of his lungs.  If she was alive, she would hear him.  Nothing responded from any corner of the two story house.  Owens ran into the living room and checked the backyard first.  There was not a trace of anything.
	Owens ran back into the house, just as Braden was stepping through the threshold to the front door. “Hurry up, Kenny.  We’re gonna be stranded out here real soon.”
	Kenneth checked the garage, laundry, and office downstairs, but didn’t find anything.  His sweep of the downstairs took all but ten seconds, and he climbed to the second story.  Three steps at a time, he ascended to the second floor and immediately ran to the master bedroom.
	As he neared the bedroom door, he saw a thin trail of blood on the carpet.  He carefully opened the door.  The bedroom was absent a sound.  Ken carefully stepped inside, his eyes scanning every corner.  They didn’t find a hostile or a loved one in any part of the bedroom.  In the closet, everything was normally placed and nothing stuck out.  Kenneth returned to the bedroom.
	His last destination was the master bathroom.  The faint glimmer of hope in his heart was fading by the moment.  Ken pushed the door open.  His eyes laid sight to a vision of grief.  His wife’s body laid lifeless on the floor, her hand wrapped around a revolver.  She put a bullet through her own chin.
	Kenneth dropped to the ground, resting a hand on her icy arm.  The feeling in his body became numb.  He’d been shot numerous times in combat, but none of that compared to the mental anguish this burdened Ken with.  Elizabeth was in no way suicidal.  She would have drugged herself to sleep rather than blown her head off.
	Ken turned his head away.  There was no way he could recognize the beautiful woman she once was with this last picture in his mind.  He rose and turned to the counter, laying eyes on a letter folded with his name on it.  Ken took the letter and started to read his wife’s final words.
	Braden ran into the master, “Kenny, we’re out of--” He stopped when he saw Liz’ body crumpled and bloody on the floor.
	Ken ignored his fellow soldier’s request.  He was entranced with Elizabeth’s last will.  The words rang with the voice of her lips. ‘My dearest Kenneth, I wish we were granted more time.  I hoped to see you again.  But our destinies must stray after this night.  The virus took me and the only thing that I desire less than a death that painful, is to become a monster.  Please don’t blame yourself.  I know in my heart you tried with every ounce of strength in your body.
	I have one request: do not give up when I am gone.  There will always be people to protect, always lives to save.  I believe we are meant for a truth beyond this beautiful lie and in time, my dearest love, we will be reunited there for eternity.  Until that time, I will be the wings that carry you through the eyes of hell.  Every breath you breathe will be absent my mortal, but complete with my soul.  Tread carefully, Kenneth, I love you more than you can ever know.’
	Kenneth looked at a picture included with her suicide note.  It was a photo booth clipping from when the two of them were still in their early twenties.  Before Ken had gone to war and before Liz had gone to college.  The faces of innocence.  How Owens begged those days closer.
	Braden heard the radio counting the last ten seconds. “Kenny, the bomb’s about to blow.”
	Kenneth looked at Braden, “Shit,” he unclipped the radio, “Eli, get inside now!”
	“Roger that,” Eli answered.  He jumped out of the door gun and rushed toward the door.  The last two seconds ticked by before detonation with Eli rushing toward the door.  A whiteness overtook a full twenty miles from the point of impact.  The warhead blinded anything close enough that was looking.  The city of Pomona was devastated, turned to glass in the blink of an eye.
	Eli jumped through the threshold with the blinding light at his back.  He didn’t feel more than a warmness on his back.  But gamma rays from the nuclear blast shot into his bones.  The soldier rolled out of direct contact with the explosion, and took a deep breath.  Kenneth and Braden waited a few seconds before stepping over to the closest window.  Just east of the position Nova was mandated to patrol, a black mushroom cloud hung over the city of angels.
	Ken clicked his radio.  No static or feedback came through, utter silence.  The laser sight on his rifle wasn’t working either. “We’re on our own, Cahill.”
	“Looks that way, Master Sergeant.”
	Ken headed down the stairs quickly followed by his teammate. “Sewell, you good.”
	“I’m great, sir.” Eli jumped back to his feet.
	“We’re inside the EMP blast.  That could mean we won’t find electronics for almost thirty miles.  We’ll have to leg it, and pray the winds don’t shift.”
	Eli looked around, “Ken, is your wife here?”
	Ken took a deep breath. “She didn’t make it.”
	Eli sighed, “I’m sorry, sir.”
	The Master Sergeant acknowledged his condolences, but his warrior face had to cover the veil.  Ken started back out the door. “Let’s head for San Diego.  If we’re lucky, we’ll run across power soon enough, hotwire a car and regroup with Nova in Phoenix.” He popped open the rear compartment. “We’re going to need all the ammo we can carry.”
	Walter looked back at the devastation from Twenty Nine Palms.  A base inside the city was vacating the dead and wounded.  The scattered and disoriented Army battalion was tasked with holding the airport until the casualties were in the air.  Within a few minutes of the bomb’s detonation, Palms was ready to be abandoned as well.
	Walter clicked his radio, “Master Sergeant Owens, do you copy?” Static clicked over the line.
	“Fullerton was just out of the blast radius.” Chad said at Walt’s side. “They could still be alive.”
	“If only we could go back,” Walter replied.  He clicked his radio, “AWACS, this is Nova platoon, Staff Sergeant Walter Bluth.  I’m assuming command of Nova platoon in Lieutenant Scott’s absence.”
	“Roger that, Staff Sergeant.  Get your men organized, Staff Sergeant.  You’re going to the border.”
	Walter looked back at the stack of trucks lined up on the tarmac. “Load up.  We’re going to Arizona.” He took the driver’s seat of the lead humvee.  It felt stranger being in control of the platoon.  At first he had just been the supervisor.  Now he was fully responsible for every one of their lives.  And for all he knew, three of those lives were already lost.  The Staff Sergeant led the convoy onto the interstate, a worried breath escaping his lungs.

Day 5
Nemesis

	The heat was unbearable and its sensation was only matched by the dryness of zero humidity.  Sky Harbor Airport was a hub for millions people to travel every day.  Only one walked with ambition through the flowing crowds.  He stood at 6’1”, a weathered squint in his eyes.  He’d dedicated his life to serving his country for more than fifteen years in the Army.  Disgraced and dishonorably discharged at the rank of Colonel, he returned home.  But when he arrived, there was nothing to embrace because everything gone.  His wife lost in an inhuman and questionable tragedy more than a decade age.  A son who went to war only to be blown to pieces.  Only the motivation to kill, as an answer for the love that was taken from him by an enemy without a face.  The Army was more than a career for Travis Lincoln Greer.  It was all he had to live for.
	Travis returned to the states with a hole through his heart.  He came back to nothing, no love, little respect, and a tumor festering in the back of his mind.  A disease, a longing for vengeance.  Robert Caldwell witnessed Travis’ blood lust firsthand, and testified against him in military court.  Robert’s morals crossed oceans but stayed true despite the indifference of war.  And when Travis took the lives of innocent civilians, Robert was compelled to see justice done.  In turn, Robert’s homecoming was welcomed with a freshly painted target on his back.
	Travis walked out of the tunnel.  His flight from JFK was pleasant despite its longevity.  Though the nuclear blast shocked the nation, airborne travel was far from hindered.  The bomb was labeled a terrorist attack, not a strategic detonation.  And since it didn’t involve an aircraft, why inconvenience millions of commuters?
	Travis had a grin spreading over his face.  Only a few steps out of the plane, his eyes came across a familiar face.  Travis nodded his head. “Did you miss me?” He asked.
	The Samoan figure with tribal tattoos running down his muscular build shook his head, “Not as much as I missed the kid.” He handed over a manila folder.  Both started walking away from the terminal. “He’s somewhere in Arizona.  Made the mistake of buying a phone.  As for tracing it, that’s a little harder.”
	Travis smiled, “And you’re fully aware of the reality in California?”
	He nodded, “Reaper is on the loose.”
	“Any plans?”
	“Stock up ammo.  What are you going to do?”
	Travis stopped when he saw a coffee shop.  He led them in, ordered a specific coffee, and collected a state newspaper.  The front page featured the devastating mushroom cloud hanging over the doomed city.  A headline read ‘The Sum of All Fears.’ Travis paid for the two items and started to peruse the subtext. “Twenty thousand dead, and counting.  You’re aware what that was, right?” He showed Brian the photograph.  While a few people eavesdropped, even fewer considered conspiracy a potential connection.
	He nodded again, “Serenity.  The last thing I wanted to see happen in my life.  What are you doing once you deal with Caldwell?”
	“First of all, I need to find him.  And I didn’t bring you up here from San Tan just for our friend and a quick score to be settled, Brian.  I need someone I can trust.”
	Brian, a Samoan who must have been 6’5” with a shaved head and piercing black eyes, crossed his arms in amusement. “You’ve sparked my curiosity, Colonel.  What are you thinking, uprising?”
	Travis bobbed his head, “In my mind, it’s a little closer to rehabilitation.” He took a sip of the drink. “I want to create a militia.  A force to fight this infection, with no mercy for the dead.”
	“Any volunteers?”
	“Not yet.  But I get the feeling they’ll be lining up when they realize who truly dropped the bomb and who is lying to them right now.  Is anyone else in town?”
	“Most of the old crew didn’t survive the new war.  I’ve got a few with experience, but it won’t be like the good old days.”
	“Yeah, back when my enemy was Iraq and not a prosecutor.” Travis led the two onto an escalator.  Following a short descent to the floor below, the two pressed on toward the luggage carousel.  After a few more passages following signs on the roof, Travis came across the revolving assortment of items.. “What about armament?” The Colonel came to a stop and watched for his bag.
	“My contact in Chandler can get us military grade equipment.  Ammunition is limited, though.  Gotta stay off the ATF radar.”
	“There’s plenty of places to raid in this country.  This militia will step foot in every state, sweep through every city, and assure this virus does not survive.”
	“What about the people who refuse?”
	Travis shrugged indifferently, “Everyone’s gotta die sooner or later.”
	Brian smirked, “The question is which would you prefer?”
	“Each has its advantages.  Death means I wouldn’t have to worry about tomorrow.  But tomorrow, this land of opportunity is going to be a government short of order, and I like the sound of that.”
	“I took that into consideration myself.”
	“Good,” Travis patted his shoulder, “I take it you have reliable transport?”
	“Yes, sir.”
	Travis smirked, “Let’s get out of here.  I could use a brew.”
	Brian escorted his Colonel to the parking lot.  Once both reached his car, the Samoan cleared his throat. “You should know, the military is seeping into the city piece by piece.”
	“Perfect,” Travis sturdily shut the door behind him. “I get the feeling the truth of the bomb is going to come out sometime today.  Then the last thing these people will want to see are armed soldiers watching their streets.”
	“What makes you so sure?”
	“The military is coming from the west.  They’ve abandoned LA, it’s pretty obvious to anyone who sees where they’re coming from.  And they wouldn’t send soldiers outside of the state where a nuke fell.  Every enlisted man would be in surrounding cities aiding evacuations, not in Phoenix setting up roadblocks.”
	“People are going to get wise once they hear the virus started all of this.  And once they get disgruntled enough, we’ll show up and guide them to anarchy.  Any ideas where you want to start.”
	“Tempe.  College has a bunch of brilliant young minds.”
	“Do you think it’ll be that easy.”
	Travis shrugged, “We offer them the ability to defend themselves and the promise for a chance, whereas the ones in power destroyed one of their most famous cities.  It shouldn’t take more than a push once the dying starts.”
	Brian turned the engine over in his diesel pickup.  He smirked at Travis’ remark, “Brilliant minds?  More like a bunch of drunkard kids.”
	Travis scoffed. “One kind or another.  If they can shoot a gun and they don’t want to die, they’re perfect for my militia.” He started to dial in the number.
	As the early hours of morning were rising on Vegas again, a different mood was present on the streets.  While everyone usually came here to gamble, the casinos were unnaturally slow.  Given the nuclear attack only a few hundred miles away, it was a shock to many.   Quinn’s eyes peeled back after getting little more than three hours of sleep.  He had gone to bed in the ambulance, waiting for the next part of his double-shift to start.  But the ringing phone brought his mind to wake.
	The paramedic took a quick look at the phone.  Quinn felt compelled to answer.  He’d spoken to his father a couple days ago.  A nuclear blast was hard to ignore on the headlines.  And the fact that Derek was calling almost five times a day since the week began seemed beyond coincidence.
	“Dad?” Quinn asked, stretching his arms.
	“Quinn, I know it’s going to be hard for you to believe,” Derek started immediately, “but you need to trust me.  Get out of Vegas, now.” He begged.
	“Tell me again, why are you so worried?”
	“It’s a biological weapon.  It took over Los Angeles first.  But that was only how it started.  I’m surprised it isn’t in Vegas already.”
	Quinn gulped, “I have heard a couple reports of a virus spreading.”
	“The government’s kept everything tight lipped.  But they’re about to lose control.  Once everyone finds out the zombies are coming, it will be chaos.”
	Quinn sighed, “Dad, I can’t just abandon my job.  There’s people here who need help.”
	“I can’t make you do anything.  But I want you to survive.”
	Quinn smirked, “Strange to hear, you truly do care.”
	“I’ve cared since the day you were born, Quinn.  I betrayed your trust too many times, but I promise it will never happen again.”
	“Zombies?  You’re sure?”
	“Definitely,” Derek replied, “keep your skin covered and don’t get too close to anyone.”
	“As soon as I know for sure, I’ll leave.” He saw Ray appear from inside the hospital. “I’ve got to get back, dad.  I’ll talk to you tonight.”
	The driver took his spot and gave Quinn a look right off the bat. “Sleep well, princess?”
	“Yes, did you have a nice date with your boyfriend?”
	Ray titled his head. “Would have been nicer if the waiter wasn’t nauseous.”
	Quinn gave him a look of odd coincidence. “So I had another interesting discussion with my father.”
	Ray smirked, “What was it this time?”
	“Zombies, again.  He said that bomb was a direct result of zombies.  And to be honest, I have a question of my own regarding a body in the morgue.”
	“Did it come back to life?”
	“I heard a sound, like a growl.  It didn’t sound human.”
	“Let’s try to be extra careful, just for safe measure.” The ambulance engine turned over.   The truck slowly departed from the hospital, into the sprawling desert paradise.
	The last day and a half had gone by much differently than anyone at the camp originally anticipated.  After Robert was compelled to answer the questions of a few, further research proved to every member of the camp what was truly happening.  Contact with any person inside the city of Los Angeles even as far as West Hollywood was impossible.  The nuclear detonation only proved Robert’s worst fears.  The government had lost control of one city and chose to bomb it to slow the spread.  They didn’t know the spread was already beyond their control.
	Derek put his phone away, standing aside Robert at the front gate.  They were in the process of adding steel rebar to the gate so that it was less penetrable.  Robert finished twisting a nail to secure another of the bars. “Did he buy it this time?”
	“He sounds more convinced now since everything that’s happened. It’s the first time he’s offered to call in seven years.”
	Robert smirked at him, “Congratulations, you’re making progress.” He looked at the base of the gate. “I kinda wish one of us knew a cop.”
	“Why is that?”
	“A spike belt right across the front would be perfect.  Even if somebody were to break down the gate, every car coming through here would lose their tires.”
	“Are you expecting anyone to drive a car in here?”
	Robert glanced at Derek. “If you had seen what I have, you would know that many people would use anarchy to their advantage.  This place is far enough off the highway that I can be optimistic.  But you can’t hope for survival without preparing for a war.”
	“War?” Derek was perplexed. “They’re zombies.  People should be uniting to wipe the infection out.”
	“At the rate Reaper could spread, containment wasn’t very feasible.  We were supposed to destroy it, and I failed.”
	Derek wrapped a hand around the back of Rob’s neck, “Hey!” He clenched his cousin’s skin with his fingers. “Don’t treat yourself like that.  I remember vividly what happened to you that night.  You’ve told the story to me a thousand times.  It was McGill’s operation, you were selected.  By the time you were flying away they were pulling a bullet out of your lung.  You were the spotter, and you survived.  Be grateful you’re alive, not disappointed Reaper escaped.”
	Robert pried Derek’s grip loose of his neck.  He sighed, “I can’t help but feel responsible.  George died saving my life and it was for nothing.  Now millions, perhaps billions will suffer from my inaction.”
	Derek shook his head, “But would that be so different from the life you live now?” Robert shot him a sour face. “When you showed up at my doorstep, you had the clothes on your back and a pistol in your jeans.  You went through war and saw horrors I can’t imagine.  You gained nothing from five years in the army, you became a recluse, and I had to pull you out of the shadows.”
	“I became a recluse because I was being hunted…I’m still being hunted.  I have a murderer on my trail and it’s only a matter of time until he finds me.”
	“It’s been two years.  If he was coming after you, he would have found you by now.”
	Robert opened his mouth to reply when the phone buzzed in his pocket.  Robert retrieved it and checked the number.  It wasn’t any he recognized.  New York area code, specifically south Manhattan.  Robert was hesitant to answer it at first.  But if it was who he expected it to be and prayed that it wasn’t, Robert would much rather confront his foe over a telephone line.
	“Hello?” Rob spoke after his thumb depressed the call button.
	The sinister voice echoed through his ear, “You’re slipping, Bobby.  Went and got yourself a cell phone.  Put yourself back on the grid.”
	Robert stepped away from the gate.  Derek watched him retreat fully aware something was amiss.  The traumatized glare in his pupils screamed. “I promise, Colonel, it’s the last time that will happen.”
	“Arizona isn’t as bad as I expected.  Of course, I’ve only spent ten or so minutes outside in the blistering heat.”
	“You’re in Phoenix?” Robert asked.   He wasn’t as far from the state’s capital as he liked to think he was.  It was only about 120 miles from the city outskirts to the outpost.  And the route traveled was easier than he wanted to believe.  One person in a hundred could randomly turn down that road in an attempt to flee deep into the forest.
	“Just landed at Sky Harbor.  Sergeant Major Mason is looking forward to seeing you as well.” The mention of Brian Mason’s name sent a shiver down Robert’s spine.  For all his skills as a soldier, Robert was still only human and very fallible.  Travis matched the toned physique he carried as a Ranger, and his attitude was beyond the ability to control.  The authority first went to his head, then the power trip started.  And by the time Robert took his stand, the fall was so severe that Travis would not stop until his betrayer fell further.
	Robert bit his lip. “Good luck.”
	“It’s not a question of luck, Robert.  I know all about the epidemic we’ll have on the White House lawn in two weeks.  But it’s not going to stop me.  In fact, all it will do will be for my benefit.”
	“How do you know I’ll stay in Arizona?”
	Travis chuckled, “You never led anyone into a crowded building, Rob.  I know your type.  You settle and wait for the monsters under your bed to come to you.”
	“I’m not settling, Colonel, I’m surviving.” Robert glanced at his watch.  He was just running over 45 seconds on the line.  He had to cut the connection before a full minute went by.  Rob had no intention of being traced to his exact whereabouts. “Benefit?”
	“That’s something you’re just gonna have to wait to find out.”
	“Don’t keep me waiting long, Greer.  I don’t want to get rusty waiting to put a bullet between your eyes.”
	Travis laughed out loud. “You couldn’t put a bullet between the eyes of that insurgent.  I don’t take kindly to empty threats, but I realize you’re more of a comedian than a sharpshooter.”
	“I’ll be waiting to prove you wrong, Greer.” He clicked the phone off.  Within a split second, he had ripped the rear casing off his cellular device.  The battery was removed so no signal could be obtained and the phone couldn’t be tracked.
	Derek stepped up beside him, “Problem?”
	“The worst kind.”
	Derek crossed his arms, “Care to inform me?”
	Robert shook his head, “It was my old Colonel.  The one who wants me dead.”
	“How did he get your number?” Derek was astounded to hear the words coming out of Rob’s mouth.
	“I don’t know and honestly have no intention of finding out.”
	Mitch and Chris approached the front gate.  Chris was initially upset to see barricades and fortifications being set up around his youth camp.  But once Serenity’s detonation became a global spectacle, he didn’t need any more convincing.  Too many turning wheels had lined up for this catalyst.  The threat of the undead was one less likely to believe, yet could spawn the most terrifying emotions from a society of millions.
	The virus, while still officially under wraps, was unraveling more and more with each passing hour.  The bomb was blamed by an Islamic extremist faction, but it hardly could be proven and no paramilitary force was taking responsibility.  Any terrorist cells asked of the subject or their involvement were immediate to deny the allegation.  The cover story failed to explain military withdrawals in the thirty minutes leading up to the explosion.  On top of that, witnesses who escaped the quarantine either before or after the lines were sacrificed were starting to speak up.  A story only needed two voices to change from opinion to fact.
	Chris examined the metal sheets and support barriers. “Well, that secures the front door.  What about the rest of camp?”
	“The resources we have in town can’t fortify the entire perimeter.  Our focus is on the west side.   This camp is highly visible to anyone going down that road and we need to make sure that doesn’t compromise us at any time.”
	“Any ideas?”
	Robert shrugged, “We can’t exactly cover up or rip down the maintenance sheds.  The fork in the road leads straight to our front door, so if somebody does run into us lets only give them a few options.  Barbed wire fencing and an intimidating defense needs to be enough.”
	“That won’t keep zombies out.” Mitch enlightened the rest.
	Robert was aware of the predicament. “I understand that.  That’s where Meadowlark cabins come into play.  The undead lack the coordination to do anything other than walk.  Meadowlark is raised off the ground, and without the stairs they won’t be able to climb.”
	Mitch nodded his head in approval, “I see you paid attention in class.”
	“I did my research on the virus.  I can never let something like that slip from my mind.”
	“How much would all this fencing cost?” Chris was worried he wouldn’t have the money for it.
	“Depends on how long we wait.  Could be full price, could be free.”
	“You know I don’t condone theft, Robert.” Chris grunted. “It irritates me you would assume the opposite.”
	“I didn’t assume anything, other than this virus turning everywhere into ghost towns.  If nobody’s there to charge for it, it might as well be ours.”
	Chris shook his head, “I still don’t like the idea.”
	“All due respect, Mr. Phelps, get used to it.  This is going to get worse before it gets better.”
	Derek smirked, “Murphy’s law.”
	Hundreds of miles away didn’t bear a feeling of victory.  A dispersing cloud of radiation and dust was settling north of ground zero.  As Ken’s group was traveling south, they would be in the clear.  Of course, eighteen hours of relentless combat with anarchists and undead didn’t pass quickly.  Ken put his back to a wall, the look in his face exhausted.
	Their route was drawing down into Laguna Beach, but resistance wasn’t letting up in the least.  Ken had abandoned ninety percent of electronic equipment including laser apertures for his rifle, a watch, and his radio.  With the insides fried by an EMP, he would need to resupply the missing items, or at least the few he missed.
	Braden and Eli were only a few steps behind him.  Eli put his hand on the wall, his face staring down at the ground. “Eli?” Ken asked. “You good?”
	“Yeah,” Eli lied.  He could feel the radiation poisoning severely affecting his health.  Kenneth didn’t believe it, judging by the tone.
	The Master Sergeant approached his seasoned brother.  He cupped Eli’s chin and raised his head to see trails of blood running down from both nostrils. “Cahill, get the first aid kid.” Ken grabbed Eli under the shoulder and helped him into a department store they were standing near.  Braden was only a few steps behind, his hand exploring the bag full of ammo, MRE boxes, and medical supplies.
	Eli took a seat on the nearest counter. “It’s just a cold, sir.”
	“You don’t get a nosebleed from a cold.” Ken removed Eli’s helmet and immediately checked the strength of his hair follicles.  Apparently no hold whatsoever, as Ken retreated his hand to find a clump full of Eli’s hair in his hand. “Damn it.”
	Eli knew it was coming, but wanted to keep denying himself the reality. “What?” He asked, blatantly begging his commanding officer to give him the truth.
	“Radiation,” Ken replied.  He put a hand on Eli’s shoulder and rested his forehead on his doomed brother’s. “I’m sorry.”
	Eli wasn’t the least bit mentally disoriented by his disease. “Don’t apologize, Master Sergeant.  I’d do it all over again regardless of the circumstances.”
	“How are you feeling?”
	“You remember the worst hangover you’ve ever had?” Ken nodded. “Multiply it by a thousand.  I bet my insides are turning to dust.”
	“There isn’t much time left.” Ken embraced Eli tightly.
	Eli smirked. “I always knew you loved me.” He joked, despite his worsening condition.
	“What do you want to do?”
	“I never wanted to die in south LA, but given the conditions it appears I don’t have much of a choice.” He keeled forward from sudden lurch of pain inside his abdomen. “Fuck,” he leaned back after a few seconds. “You might as well get it over now.”
	“Are you sure?” Ken had a hand on his holster, but didn’t want to justify a reason to draw the pistol.
	“Absolutely, Master Sergeant.  I know what radiation does and I don’t want to spend another second feeling like this.”
	Braden stepped up and put his arms around Eli as well.  There were very few occasions where this was possible.  To wish the soon to be deceased a quick and painless journey. “Take care of yourself, Eli.  It was an honor to serve at your side.”
	“The honor is mine, Braden.” He chuckled, “Make sure Kenny doesn’t die every episode.” Eli returned the hug, though the strength in his muscles was giving out.  He looked back at Ken. “I hope you give this virus a run for its money.”
	“If there is a single breath left in my body, I won’t disappoint.” Ken drew the pistol and pulled back the hammer.
	The gun leveled at Eli’s forehead.  Eli closed his eyes.  He hated the anticipation of dying.  But for the first time in his life, a gun pointing at his head didn’t scare him.  He sighed, “Good luck, Nova.”
	Ken clenched his teeth as he felt his finger pulling back the trigger.  This was the one thing he never envisioned himself doing.  His pistol pointed at one of his men, and not for reason of infection.  The government sanctioned Serenity, so his death would be blood on the hands of the installations he swore to protect.  But in all reality, those structures would collapse in a matter of weeks.  Judgment, vengeance, or natural selection, all would truly be decided by the death toll in a month.
	Ken closed his eyes. “Forgive me.” He pulled the trigger.  Eli’s head snapped back from the impact of a 9mm Parabellum.  The soul was ripped from its mortal being in the blink of an eye.  Ken only hoped his final moments could be as quick.  His heart rested on the memory of his wife who took her own life to prevent the infection’s spread.  Her intentions saved Ken from euthanizing an ugly monster behind the face of a beautiful woman.  He couldn’t let her eyes off of his mind.  Perhaps they were staring back.

Day 6
Phoenix Rising

	The Colonel walked with a mission in his mind.  He stepped through the threshold of the building, closely followed by four of his closest guard.  All were heavily secured with body armor covering their chests and automatic weapons hidden in their jackets.  The first doors were a lobby and a metal detector.  The air stunk of authority, corruption, and decadence.  But then again, this was only college level.
	Travis stepped up to the officer at the metal detector. “I have a message for the school.  I need to deliver it now.” Brian started toward the magazines on the far corner, stepping out of the peripheral of most.
	“If you step through the metal detectors--”
	“I’d rather not take my hand off my gun.” The cop’s brow furrowed.  He saw one of the men reaching for something in his vest.  A bullet sent the unsuspecting cop to the floor unexpectedly, as Brian fired a Skorpion SMG.  The men at Travis’ back simultaneously drew automatic Glock pistols and started to fire precise shots at the five responding officers in the lobby.
	Brian spun his aim at the window and peppered bullets.  When he determined it bulletproof, the massive soldier drew a grenade he’d been saving for a year after discharge.  He pulled the pin and released the lock, then slipped it through the small threshold on the counter.  Not giving a single second to dwell on the men trying to escape the blast, he took the back of the slowly advancing ex-military vigilantes as they started to the heart of the station.
	Travis and two others had their eyes peeled on every angle.  With any movement, one would quickly focus and launch a shot.  If a second or third were necessary, they were quickly taken care of.  Any attempt to ambush the paramilitary group was met with utter and immediate failure.  It took all but two minutes and sixty rounds to clear the building.
	Travis stepped into the dispatch center and raised his pistol to the female dispatcher.  The cop raised her hands in surrender.  Travis tilted his head, “Trust me, you would prefer this.” He pulled the trigger once, ending her life instantly.  He walked to the police dispatch center going crazy with calls about the shooting.  Travis switched frequencies and put the radio to his mouth. “Attention.  Every man or woman with a badge and a gun.  You do not have the authority to control the people any longer.  Flee while you have a chance.  If you choose to fight, you will be slaughtered.  I guarantee it.” He turned the radio off and led his troop back toward the front of the building.
	“Charges set,” Brian said, last to step out of the room.  The five walked out as one, weapons pointed at the floor.  As soon as they stepped through the doors, they were greeted by the sight of seven responding officers in position and another half dozen arriving.  The cops had weapons leveled, numerous screaming for the five gunmen to drop their weapons.  Many were tempted to shoot without asking.  But none fired, for the weapons weren’t pointing at any of them.
	Travis sent Brian a glance.  The Samoan returned it.  Travis licked his lips and tilted his head from side to side.  None of the cops knew it, but it was a sign.  The first of twenty recruits scoured from the destitute and poor were not expected to survive long.  But they’d serve a purpose that would lead to the survival of many.
	A man hid in the shadows of his own making.  Tinted windows.  He was parked a quarter mile down the street.  Just lying in wait for the right moment.  His face was scarred from the center of his brow angled down and scraped along to the right corner of his sharp chin.  He kept his eyes wary with an anticipating look in his eyes.
	A police sergeant arrived on scene and started to speak clearly through a megaphone. “Drop your weapons on the ground now!” Travis was waiting for this moment.  He carefully knelt and set his gun on the ground.  His group began to do the same slowly and carefully.  The five simultaneous rose their hands over their heads.  He smirked when he saw their actions caused a response.
	Some of the cops started forward. “On your knees!” One screamed as he came closer.  Travis watched as a half dozen carefully approached.  The distance of five feet closed.  A series of gunshots went off behind the police line, drawing the attention of several.  Almost two dozen men living on the streets were pulled out and offered three meals a day and a bed to sleep in for their service.  Travis expected few to survive the assault with heavily armed policemen.  They were only meant to be a distraction.  It worked, as every officer hiding behind their vehicle now found themselves unprotected and being shot from behind.
	The few who kept their eyes on their immediate foes were caught by surprise as a sudden lunge forward found the cops fighting for their weapons.  Two were caught by surprise and didn’t have time to avoid the gun being planted in their gut and fired thrice.  Brian and Sergeant Eric Holloway spun the lifeless cops around and used them as human shields, taking their own weapons and issuing bullets across the gap.  Two others nearby officers were grabbed when they turned to look for a moment and shot in the back.
	Travis fought for a few moments with the one who had been expecting a fight.  Perhaps he found some sport in prolonging the kill.  He’d confronted much stronger men on a dozen other occasions and came out on top.  Travis looked deep into the eyes of the cop while the gun was pointed to the ground.  He showed the cop a wide grin.  Out of nowhere, he thrust his head forward and served the officer a head butt.  The cop’s grip loosened and Travis didn’t hesitate.  He put a bullet through the cop’s midsection, grabbed him by the collar, and put another through his chin.
	The bloodbath started and ended as quickly as the cops turned to engage the much less accurate distraction.  Only six of the fourteen cops were hit, and only two were lethal injuries.  Many of the flanking homeless and hopeless were running toward the cops to get a better shot off, about half of them were drunk off their ass.  All but three of their attackers were killed or incapacitated before they fled.
	The cops spun back to see their original reason for arrival holding the lifeless bodies of five of their brothers in blue. “Back off now and you might live!” Travis yelled.
	“Put your weapons on the ground now!”
	Still hidden inside his car, the man was waiting for the noble cops to go back to their duties.  He turned the engine of his truck over.  Parked a long distance down the street, the engine turning over was far from a concern.  The face of Jack Reyes grinned wide as he shifted the truck out of park. “Let the madness roll.” He growled under his breath before pushing down the gas pedal.
	Most of the cops didn’t see it coming.  Back in a standoff and staring at dead friends, a number of the dedicated troopers were shocked or appalled by the heartless executions and so much loss of life.  The roaring sound of the approaching truck soon caught their attention.  While nearly all turned to see, few had the time to jump out of the way of the truck.  One who rolled over the hood of his car was instantly met by a dozen shots.  Four of the cops survived the premeditated hit and run without harm.  Their numbers were quickly decimated with wounded and deceased.
	The four cops with their lives still in hand chose to run at this time.  Travis dropped the body in front of him and started for the alignment of police vehicles.  He stepped around to collect the megaphone from the asphalt.  With a smirk, he dropped into the Crown Vic and gripped the radio. “I’m calling to report some dead cops.”
	“What is your name?” The dispatcher for Phoenix metro asked as soon as she heard the voice.
	“Stay out of Tempe.  It is not your city anymore.  I won’t warn any of you suicidal enough to fight me.”
	He stepped out of the cop car and started toward the first of many dorm buildings on the campus sprawled across miles.  He cleared his throat. “Good morning!  My name is Colonel Travis Lincoln Greer!  I am here today carrying out these acts because a certain government has lied to you!  The Reaper virus knows no borders, no limits!  It will consume this city, just as it did Los Angeles!
	“I am not here to kill any of you!  I have had to cross some lines that none of you would wish to!  I warn you, the world of tomorrow will bear a single law: kill or be killed!” A number of fearful students listening to his sermon didn’t know what to think.  Gunshots were blaring right down the street.  A nuclear weapon was detonated on American soil only days ago.  Censorship was blocking most everything from television and replacing it with monotonous ads.  Nothing was adding up, and there didn’t appear to be a glimmer of hope.
	“I am only one man!  I cannot guarantee you a life tomorrow!  I cannot guarantee a painless death!  All I can offer you is a chance to hope, and the tools to spark that chance!  I beg you take my offer, over the men who will trap you inside this city to be eaten alive!  My only request is that you commit to our Resistance!” Travis lowered the megaphone.  He saw a SWAT truck rolling down the street accompanied by a half dozen other police vehicles.
	Travis dipped his head at Brian.  The Samoan drew a detonator from his vest and depressed the button.  Where the police station once stood, a vibrant red fireball detonated through the walls and ceiling.  Debris flew in every direction.  The roadway was enveloped by flames and smoke.  The SWAT truck blew through the billowing smoke.  Brian lined up the distance for a grenade launcher mounted under a G36 rifle he recently exchanged with his primary weapon.  He launched the grenade.
	The explosive impacted the ground right in front of the truck’s left wheel.  It was thrown off by the sudden blast and onto its side.  Skidding to a halt, the highly trained officers were slow to escape the armored truck. “No mercy for the corrupt!” Travis screamed through his megaphone.  The five switched over to assault rifles and fired relentlessly on the truck.  Following the explosion, three police cruisers turned away from the alley of death.
	The drivers who still had the motivation to stop these criminals were in for a bitter end.  One by one, the drivers were lined up and hit with enough bullets to make them turn away.  The last to be killed hit the curb at a hard angle and rolled thrice.  The car skidded to an inverted halt a few yards away.  Travis trotted toward the back side of the car, where he pounded the butt of his gun against the trunk handle.  A shotgun fell loose.
	“I have weapons and ammunition to supply an army of hundreds!” He spoke through the megaphone once again. “We will face fierce resistance from the beginning!  But if you do not stand your ground and defend your right to survive, I guarantee Arizona will soon lie under the shadow of a mushroom cloud as well!” Travis waited for the words to hit the ears of them.  Most of the people here were only between the ages of nineteen and twenty five.  Minds that were developing and could be molded to follow any set of ideals.  While many would be resistant to the idea of shooting at soldiers and policemen, they would learn in a few days time that their military was only here to bar escape once the virus caused national panic.
	The doors opened to the dorm building.  Travis turned his eyes with an interested look.  He folded his arms, watching as the first of many volunteers started to slowly trickle toward them.  A grin spread across his face as the numbers started to multiply.  A single voice could turn a peaceful protest into a riot.  The tone of an ex-Army Colonel would eventually spark the impulse to live among the young and senseless.  But the ones who survived would be the first of many.  Travis guaranteed this militia would save this city from the virus.  But in the process, he would transform this city into the origin of a monster as deadly as Reaper…an army with no rules.
	The bliss of early morning was nowhere to be found.  The week had cost every man on the frontline a piece of themselves.  The tragedy of Serenity could never be erased from their memories.  A short-lasting battle occurred for the border of California as anarchy spread rampantly throughout the state.  Staff Sergeant Walter Bluth’s platoon, already cut down from their strength of forty one, were absent their commanding Lieutenant and six of his most esteemed men.
	Bluth’s eyes scanned the barren desert as it turned into an urban hub.  Other military units secured the outskirts of the city.  The convoy of trucks rolled down the interstate.  He glanced at his driver, the gunner, and two in the back seat. “Keep your eyes peeled.  Don’t expect this to be any easier than LA.”
	“LA was impossible, sir.” A young woman replied from the back seat.  She had seen more than enough of the hell in three days.  Nothing could prepare her for what she saw when everyone turned on each other.
	In the driver’s seat, Sergeant Bryce Marsh glanced back at the PFC. “Watch your mouth, Weber.”
	Walter shook his head, “No, she’s right.  I pray this isn’t impossible, too.”
	“Finally looking for some faith?” The lady asked.
	“Not faith.  I owe the Lieutenant a favor…it’s all the way in Louisiana.”
	“Good.” Sergeant Scott Myers, the medic sitting in the opposite seat of Claire, spoke up next. “Then we’ll know where to go if Phoenix dies--”
	The gunner leaned down, “Phoenix’ don’t die, Myers.” Though Hunter Nelson was only a Specialist, he was known to mouth off to anyone regardless of rank. “They are always reborn.”
	Scott made eye contact with him, “This is the real world, Specialist.  If this city dies, she’s not being born again.” Hunter didn’t reply, for Scott was the most correct.  Los Angeles was lost forever and surrounding cities were turning to chaos.  Nothing would ever be the same.  This was the basest of revolution and the most unexpected, for the dead were decimating the living.
	The silence was soon to be interrupted. “Nova One Actual, do you copy?”
	Walter collected his radio. “Roger that, Thunder.  We’re entering Phoenix now.”
	“Nova, our forces in Tempe have been struck in force by an organized paramilitary unit.”
	“I wasn’t aware we had any paramilitary forces inside the city at this time, Thunder.”
	“We don’t,” the voice replied. “This band of mercenaries started to engage our personnel a matter of hours ago.  Their numbers are amassing in Tempe, specifically near the college campus.”
	Walter sent Bryce a stunned look.  Bryce returned the same to him.  The Sergeant leaned his head back, “World’s going mad right in front of us.”
	Walter replied to the message, “Understood Thunder, we’re en route.  ETA, thirty minutes.  Get ready, Nova, we’re going right back into the fight.”
	Bryce put his foot on the accelerator and raised the convoy’s speed from sixty to ninety.  As the thirty four soldiers spread amongst seven armored trucks prepared, Thunder continued to brief them on the current situation. “Nova, we need your platoon to reinforce Whiskey team on the north side of Tempe Town lake.”
	“Whiskey this is Nova, do you hear me?” Walter didn’t hesitate to call.  He wanted direct contact with someone on site to give him some details and directions.  The platoon leader had to have as much information as he could get driving into a war.
	“Roger that, Nova,” replied a voice through a thin haze of static. “We’re taking heavy fire from infantry using the rail bridges west of Mill Ave.  They’re putting up a fight with light armor on the north and southbound lanes.  I count six of my men dead, five wounded, and we’re running low on ammo.  We can’t hold them back without support soon.”
	“Air support?”
	“Negative,” Thunder cut off a response, “air support has not been authorized on civilians at this point.  Our rules of engagement are to be strictly mandated.”
	Whiskey answered with an underlying tone of pessimism, “You wouldn’t be saying that if you were down here right now, Thunder.” The line clicked off.
	Walter clenched his teeth.  The rules of engagement were so blurry to follow.  Nobody was to be trusted, every soul with a hint of doubt or aggression was turning to vigilantism, and a virus was traveling a mile a minute.  Reaper was slow at first, but panic sparked the ensuing flash fire of infection and outbreak.  By now it was no secret that a zombie virus was real and it was sweeping the country.  Walter and his men found themselves pitted against the desperate masses they were once enlisted to protect.  And nothing made Walter want to shoot his own countrymen, nothing beyond self-preservation or preservation of his men.
	Twenty five minutes ticked by with heightening anticipation.  During the convoy’s journey down interstate transitioning into elevated freeway, the pops of gunfire grew in number and location.  By the time they were passing by downtown, they were within earshot of a dozen different confrontations between any variation of soldiers, vigilantes, and zombies.  The road was almost over.  But nobody was prepared for the next day of battle.
	Only the destined would survive this engagement.  For on the other side of those bridges, in the heart of the ASU campus was a Colonel who poisoned the minds of the fearful and turned their worry into rage.  A rage that could be quelled by nothing less than victory or death.  The words painted soldiers as the enemy and the resistance as just.  But when faced with life or death, who would choose the latter?
	The last few miles were always the longest.  The clock was consistently ticking against them, while their enemies grew in numbers.  Travis’ militia gained ground as well as notoriety, spreading through the south side of the city slowly but surely.  And underlying the human element tearing itself apart, the undead plague became more the silent killer appearing from the shadows at random and disappearing once again with another victim in its hands.  Anarchy was on the rise, and a completely new threat was birthed.
	“Nova, where the hell are you?” Whiskey begged.
	“Sixty seconds out, Whiskey.  Hold on.” Walt’s visual was finally laying spectacle to the four crossings and the voluminous amount of gunfire dispersing from every neck.  He turned the attention to his platoon. “Crawford, Logan, set up barricades on those railways.  Gift, take Bravo and secure the northbound lanes.”
	“Roger that,” Staff Sergeant Chad Crawford replied, quickly accompanied by Delta’s newfound squad leader Staff Sergeant Michael Logan.  The seven truck column took an exit, attempting to use the most time efficient route possible, and therefore any route was an option.
	“Nova, this is Golf.  We see you coming.  Slow down, we’ve got a detour by the intersection.  It’s the fastest way to Whiskey, over.”
	“Roger that,” Walt answered.  The drivers put their feet on the brakes and slowed to a more controllable speed.  As they rolled into the intersection, a pair of soldiers were waving them in.  Alpha team’s lead humvee rolled atop the sidewalk, skirted past a concrete divider between the sidewalk and road, then made a hard left onto a walkway that ran parallel to the lake.  One by one, the humvees filtered onto the paved path.  Walter keyed up as the convoy came within a hundred feet of the railways. “Lock and load, Nova.  I don’t want them gaining another foot.”
	The last three trucks in the platoon dramatically slowed and came to a stop at the mouths of both railways.  Staff Sergeant Michael Logan and Specialist Kelly Frost jumped out of the right side front and back seats respectively and rushed to either side of the final truck.  The two wrapped their hands around the door frame, and assured their legs were firmly planted to the foot rail before signaling the driver to go.  The now organized teams separated, Logan’s sole truck delivering eight soldiers down the locomotive train bridge.  Crawford’s two trucks took up the slightly wider rail crossing.  Either side had their units set up parallel.  One thing Crawford immediately noticed was sporadic fire racing across the gap from the southbound Mill Avenue bridge.
	The trucks came to a stop parallel to their decimated cohorts.  Whiskey platoon was comprised of 37 soldiers split up across the four crossings.  Where eighteen men originally held the railways, four were dead and another three were wounded to a point that they could not commit to combat any longer.
	Chad ran up alongside the squad leader. “Sergeant, looks like you could use a little help.”
	“Copy that, Nova.  We’ve got shooters hitting us hard on the left and right flanks.  They’re holed up tight on the bridge centers.”
	“Who are they?” Crawford asked.
	“Most of them look like college kids.”
	“What’s their armament?”
	“Rifles, shotguns, you name it, they’ve probably got it.”
	Chad shrugged, “How?”
	He chuckled, “This is Arizona, everyone’s got a gun.”
	“Roger that.” Chad clicked his radio as he rose to examine the battleground. “Nova, the center rail bridge and southbound are taking heavy fire from both sides.” At the same time, Walter was just pulling up to Whiskey’s second team.
	The Staff Sergeant quickly dismounted. “Don’t let your guard down, Hunter!”
	“Line ‘em up, Staff Sergeant!” He ignited the gun and laid waste to enemy infantry directly ahead.  His aim swung to the left and right, and hit hostile combatants across the combat zone.
	Walter dropped behind the barricades. “I need a sit-rep?”
	“We’ve got too many wounded to make a mark,” the squad leader replied immediately. “I need to get my men out of here.”
	Walter looked over the barricade.  His eyes laid witness to a dozen muzzle flashes over and around cars parked sideways roughly a hundred feet away.  The crossings on other sides bore just as much, if not more armed hostiles.  The situation was not promising.  They had no visual on the number of combatants they were facing, just the few on the bottlenecks.  And beyond that, a dust storm crawling up from the south revealed a wall of gold slowly drifting toward them.
	“This is Nova,” Walter called over the radio, “We need emergency cas-evac for multiple wounded at Whiskey’s position.”
	“There’s an MH-53 in the area, we’ll chop it your way as soon as possible.”
	“Copy that.  We’ve got a dust cloud coming toward us.  We could be blind in a few minutes, relay the message.”
	The communications went silent, leaving only the roar of combat for the soldiers to hear.  Hunter spun the gun around to fire on two targets straight forward.  As soon as he didn’t see anything to fire on, he stopped to let the gun cool.  A spark caught his eye, but he didn’t have the time to fire.  A flash of fire caught his left arm.
	The Specialist dropped from the gunshot. “Damn it,” Hunter gripped his wound tightly trying to stop the arterial spray.  He saw where the bullet fired from but hardly had the ability to respond in time.  Hunter looked to the nearest open window and screamed “Sniper!” Staff Sergeant Bluth dropped with the others as the crack echoed.  Hunter stayed low in the humvee until fire drew his aim away. “Tower on the left!” he yelled through the window, “He’s in a broken window near the top floor!”
	“Copy that!” Bluth yelled back. “Nova, sniper fire coming from the tower across the river.”
	A scope was focused on the left Army humvee colored a tan camouflage.  The rifle owner had accustomed to this gun many years ago, in a career identical to the men who now stood in the crosshairs of his weapon.  Though Travis didn’t arrive in Phoenix bearing any arms, he knew friends who could give him military grade weaponry of assault, close quarters, and long distance fields of combat.  Explosives were harder to come by, but the veterans had a few antiques from the last war.
	When a figure rose his head but for a single second, Travis quickly centered his scope and adjusted for the elements.  His finger squeezed and a shot raced out of the barrel.  At the same time Bluth’s words were repeating through the radios, Corporal Vincent Ramsey rose his head over the humvee to see where the shots were being fired.  The gunshot didn’t stray, and put a clean hole through his head.  The body slumped lifeless on the concrete.
	Sergeant Michelle Bowers was recently promoted to second team leader of Nova’s Bravo squad.  She saw the blood spatter and the Corporal’s fall.  It was a sight she’d seen on more than enough occasions.  The blood pooling around his head proved how lethal the bullet was.  Michelle didn’t take the time to speculate. “Ramsey’s dead!” She yelled.  The woman threw her gun over the hood and fired a few shots blindly to draw fire on her.  If the snipers focused on one, another could fire.
	PFC Rouse of Charlie team never took his hands off the roof gun.  When he heard about the snipers, he was throwing whatever he could across the massive threshold.  Little did he know, the massive slugs coming out of a chain gun were too heavy to travel that far.  His eyes drawn off the random assortment of gunmen to his front, he suffered a very lethal shot to the neck.
	Dylan fell into the truck, convulsing from the agonizing pain.  The chain gun’s sudden stop forced Chad to turn his attention back on the truck.  The soldier wasn’t visible.  He rushed back behind and pulled open the front door. “Rouse is hit.” He pulled the dying kid out of the truck and pressured the neck wound immediately. “Ev!” He screamed.
	The Specialist rushed back, crossing a ten foot stretch.  The crack of another gunshot shattered the car window inches away from him during his retreat.  Evan dove behind the truck and quickly let his heart compose.  His eyes laid rest on the shaking soldier. “Son of a bitch.” His shivering slowed from the quick depletion of blood.  Little, if any, was rushing to his brain.  Dylan lost consciousness and his breathing slowed to a stop.
	Chad tried to revive the man who bled out three pints in a matter of seconds from the size of the bullet and the cavity it left behind.  The Staff Sergeant pumped Dylan’s chest, but Evan stopped him before he became desperate with his attempt. “He’s dead, Chad!  There’s no coming back from that.” Evan rested a hand on Chad’s shoulder.
	The Staff Sergeant clenched his teeth, “Damn it.” He unclipped the radio, “Nova, we’ve got another man down!”
	Hunter swung open the door and shakily took a seat behind the wheel.  His left arm was consumed in crimson, a cold sweat pouring over his face. “Staff Sergeant,” he stammered, “I could use a little help.”
	Here for only minutes, and two of their troop had fallen.  Walter growled, “This is Nova, we are taking heavy fire from snipers across the river!  We need a gun run and cas-evac for our men now!”
	“Hulk Five-Two is en route to your position.  ETA, sixty seconds.”
	“Be aware, we’ve got a dust storm moving in from the south.  We’ve got maybe two minutes before it hits.” Walter was truly looking forward to the dust.  While he wouldn’t be able to see, neither would his opponents.  A breath of relief to disperse the chaos and unbearable combat with an enemy who seemed to possess more intelligence, firepower, and skill than his troop.
	Travis carefully slid his vision from one bridge to the next.  Nobody showed more than a fraction of their bodies.  They got smart about the snipers and chose to hide in cover and only shoot where they knew they were protected.  Something amiss caught his ear.  A heavy rotor spinning, the ominous sound growing louder and louder.  That wasn’t a commonly heard sound even for military standards.  Travis rose from the crouch and leaned out.  The ghastly silhouette of an MH-53 Pave Low widened the Colonel’s eyes with fear.  Armament of that grade was not to be trifled with.
	Travis quickly clicked the walkie pinned to his vest. “Snipers, take cover!” The Colonel retracted into the building and rapidly sprinted away from the source of his shooting.  He could hear the dust particles of a massive storm starting to pelt against the windows and walls.  Travis swung the door open to a stairwell and hit the deck.
	“Hulk Five-Two,” the pilot reported, “we are on station, identify target at your discretion.”
	Walter replied in an instant, “Five-Two, they’re hitting us from the broken windows on the tower across the river.”
	“Roger that,” the helicopter dipped forward and rotated in the air enough to pass by the building from less than fifty feet away.  Two men behind chain guns laid waste to anything on the same floor as the two broken panels.  As hundreds upon hundreds of bullets dispersed and casings rained to the ground below, the adverse winds of the dust storm caught the attention of the Pave Low’s pilot. “Hulk to Nova, this storm is moving in quick.  After this gun run, we’ll land in the clearing to the north.  Get your wounded ready for evac.”
	Walter didn’t waste a moment. “Nova, suppressing fire!  Whiskey, fall back now!” Simultaneously, members of the platoon from every squad rose from their cover.  The sounds of air support were always a gratifying sound to hear.  It saved many of them from a fate cruel and fast, dying at the hands of an enemy you would never see.  Nova platoon’s soldiers was composed of several rookies, but their training came into full effect on this day.  This is what separated the heroes from the cowards.  Every capable person had their weapon aimed and firing, proving the worth of Nova as a unit.
	Walter rushed up aside Hunter and lifted him to a stand.  The dust forming a wall at his back, the Staff Sergeant was hardly worried about being shot in the back.  The young man was starting to black out from blood loss.  Alex Riggs soon found himself under Hunter’s bloodied arm and doubled the pace for which he was removed from the combat zone.
	Travis was slow to rise following the massive depletion of superheated rounds being fired directly on his position.  A cloud of smoke and dust hung in the air of the stairwell.  One of Travis’ soldiers suffered several shots, and he laid only inches from where Travis had taken cover.  The Colonel clambered out of the chamber, with the door opening to the sound of a retreating chopper.
	He started back toward his position, no regard for whipping air blowing clean through the building.  A thin layer of gold started to deteriorate his vision.  The particles of sand reduced his visibility and watered his eyes.  Travis fell to a knee and put the rifle scope behind his eye. “I only…” he paused, searching through the thickening dust for a target.  Flashes of muzzles were visible, but he couldn’t determine the bodies.  The sand grew thicker, blotting out sunlight from the Valley of the Sun.  In another few seconds, the visibility would be reduced from thirty miles to a matter of inches.  Travis put his finger behind the trigger and slowly started to squeeze.  A shot partially deafened him, and he would not have the opportunity to see if his target of choice was struck.
	Another Private First Class was victimized following the sniper’s attempt.   She fell back feeling the wince of a high caliber round lodged in her shoulder.  Sydney Clements dropped from the gut-wrenching pain.  Her screams were far from ignored.  Nova platoons soldiers were being entrenched in the same sandstorm, but were mandated to hold their position.  As a result, they would be waking the next morning with sand pouring out of their ears.
	Staff Sergeant Crawford heard the scream from one of his youngest.  Chad immediately rushed across the gap to her side.  The young woman clenched her teeth and tried to steady her breath. “How bad?” She asked, managing to stay composed despite the horrific agony.  Maybe the shock was holding the reality back from her agony.
	“I’m not seeing any arterial spray.  No organs.  The bullet’s still inside, right between the collar and shoulder.”
	Sydney clamped her eyes shut. “It burns.”
	“It’s a bullet, Sydney,” Chad cupped his hand under her chin. “Consider yourself lucky you feel pain.  Don’t worry, we’ll dig that out of you and patch you up quick.” Chad and Kurt quickly helped her up. “Walt, what’s your situation over there?”
	Walt glanced over the cement barricade again.  The muzzle flashes seemed to stop.  No more bullets polluted the air.  Instead, a violent cyclone of sand took up miles and blinded every living soul inside. “The enemy has stopped firing.” He cleared his throat, “Nova, reload your weapons.”
	“Are we advancing?” Sergeant Myers asked.
	Walt shook his head, “Negative,” he replied. “Walking toward the enemy in dust is a sure way to get us all killed.  Hold position!” He ordered over the radio, “We’ll wait for the storm to pass.” Walt hung up the radio and tried to look into the abyss of sand.  Whatever lurked only a few hundred feet away served to murder them all.  Walter wondered if he stood the chance of escaping Phoenix, let alone surviving to New Orleans.  The odds were only beginning to compile and stack against them.  The world of tomorrow was not a pretty sight.

Day 7
Genesis

	While Las Vegas was commonly remembered as a city that rarely spotted silence or peace, the condition within a week of host zero a state away sent the metropolis into chaos.  Thousands became wise about the reality.  A virus was released, confirmed by dozens of news and government sources.  The source of the nuclear warhead was revealed by insider sources who deferred from the cabinet.  Under the horrifying revelation of such government corruption, there became no government to follow.  At this point, it was every man for himself.
	The truth did better to cause mass hysteria, panic, and gridlock on all of the few routes leading out of the city.  The omnipresence of a foe they could not see brought every nerve to tingle.  The fact that infection could not be survived brought such nerves to the point of desperation.  The second amendment was the only rule that mattered.
	Quinn Moser never intended to be stuck in the city when it came to this point.  The hysteria seemed to engulf society overnight like a petroleum-fueled flash fire.  Multiple first responders confirmed the undead presence was among this massive population.  Police were spread thin, often being fired upon by criminals using the mayhem as a smokescreen.
	Since the way out was shut, there was little left to do but stick to the grind.  This stopped being about the pay and started to be about saving as many lives as possible.  Quinn tried to tell himself it was always about that.  But for the first time in years, he felt like his purpose was ultimately going to make the difference.  The fates were cruel to disappoint.
	Quinn had a gloved and bloodstained hand pressed on the gunshot wound of a critical patient.  The ambulance was dispatched to a casino less than ten minutes ago.  Upon arrival, it became clear that this man required surgery only a hospital could offer.  It appeared to be a random shooting upon multiple people in the casino.  Quinn and Ray’s truck happened to be the first responders to arrive.  Ray kept his weapon close, for the shooter was last reported somewhere inside the casino.  Such a preparation did not require lethal action.
	The hospital was at least five minutes away given the traffic conditions.  Quinn did whatever he could to ease the man’s pain while in transit.  But the amount of blood loss may have contributed to his flat line.  Quinn clenched his teeth, “Step on it, Ray.”
	“I’m going as fast as I can!” Ray screamed back.
	Quinn glanced up through the windshield.  He ignored the wall of taillights, “Get creative, he’s gone into cardiac arrest.” Quinn started to pump the deceased man’s chest.  While the body reacted to Quinn’s exertion, no life restarted.  This man was hopelessly lost due to a combination of a bullet wound…and a sinister veil.  Quinn opened the man’s lips and pushed a breath into the body’s lungs.
	When the victim’s eyes popped open, what would have been a dull hazel was replaced by a neon gold.  Quinn reacted in horror to the eyes looking back at him.  But in the split second he retracted, he felt his bottom lip tear from the vice grip of the victim’s teeth.  Quinn reeled from the agony of a badly bleeding laceration to his mouth. “Bastard!”
	Ray’s eyes shot to the rear view mirror.  He drew a pistol from the holster under his left arm.  A quick spin around to the rear compartment, he lined up the shot, and pulled the trigger.  Just as the pawn was rising from the stretcher, a bullet was impaling his skull.  The gold iris disappeared, replaced by the dead stare of the man who once owned the body.  The corpse slumped back into its place.  Ray pulled over and was sure to lock every door before checking his partner.
	Quinn reached for his face, a tremor running through every inch of his skin.  His breath was shaky and slow.  The initial swell of a headache was already running up the back of his head.  Quinn gulped. “I’m infected.” He closed his eyes and put his hands over his face.
	Ray took a seat opposite him.  He looked down at his gun, a solemn blur in his stare. “I’m sorry.”
	Quinn shook his head. “It’s not your fault.  Neither of us should even be here right now.”
	“I never had a mind to leave, Quinn.  I was born in this city, I’m going to die here.”
	“What happens in Vegas,” Quinn said sarcastically.  His attempt to erase the events from his mind met no success.  The virus was coursing through his blood.  And there would be no coming back when it took him. “I have two requests.” Raymond nodded.  He tightened the grip around his pistol, fully aware of what one of those requests would be.
	Derek stirred from a less than peaceful sleep to a ringing phone on his dresser.  After the ring tone blared for a few seconds longer, Derek recognized the specific sound.  He stumbled across his bedroom to the dresser and snatched it off the dresser. “Quinn?”
	Quinn was slow to respond.  He didn’t want to tell his father the truth.  But at the same time, his father was begging for redemption and deserved to know. “Dad…I’m sorry.”
	“Why?” Derek felt a shiver run up his back.  He didn’t like how the conversation began. “What happened?”
	“I’ve…” Quinn took a breath. “I’ve been infected.  I probably have less than an hour.”
	Derek’s legs gave out.  He dropped to his knees, teeth clenched and eyes shut.  Derek’s free hand was white from the strength it fisted.  Tears were welling behind his eyelids. “Don’t apologize, Quinn.  None of this is your fault.”
	“It’s not just over this, dad.  I need to apologize for never giving you a second chance.  I knew you changed, but I didn’t want to believe it.”
	Derek gulped. “In the bottom of my heart, I knew that you cared…what can I do, to ease your passing?”
	Quinn coughed. “My condition is getting worse.  I won’t have the time to tell Sandra this before I’m unconscious…and I can’t bear to tell my sister I’ll never see her again.” Derek could hear Quinn’s voice breaking.  The father didn’t want to bring such grieving information to his only daughter, but had to take the burden for the sake of his son’s dying wish.
	Derek bit his lip. “I’ll tell her.  You have my word.”
	“Thank you.”
	Derek sighed deeply, “You don’t have to thank me, Quinn.  I have a request for you, though.”
	Quinn chuckled dryly. “Yes?”
	“When you’re upstairs, you’ll keep an eye on her for me.”
	“Didn’t have any other plans…but that’s assuming I don’t go to hell with the rest of the majority.”
	Derek scoffed, “Pray He can guide you upstairs, so you can keep an eye on your sister.”
	Quinn grunted, “I’ll do my best.  I’ve never been much for believing, and I don’t exactly have the time to start.” Quinn felt his heart slowing.  The virus was multiplying inside his brain and disrupting his central nervous system.  His eyelid grew weary. “Be careful, dad.”
	“Are you going to be okay?”
	“Ray promised to make it quick.  What about you?”
	Derek nodded, “Bobby’s got a plan.  I’ll be fine.”
	Quinn smiled, “I love you, dad.”
	Derek put a hand over his eyes, hiding his grief from nobody but himself in the mirror. “I love you too, son.”
	“Goodbye.” Quinn took the phone away from his ear.  He hung up and looked back at Ray. “Good luck out there, brother.”
	“It’s not going to be the same without you, Quinn.” Quinn’s eyes slid back as sleep started to take him over.  Ray rose to a stand and planted the barrel against Quinn’s forehead. “Go with God.” Raymond pulled the trigger.
	Sandra Moser lived the life of a San Diego police officer.  Given the lawless conditions, she was just as painted a target as the fatigues.  But she had a stake in this land and she intended to keep it.  That didn’t come without a fight.  Finally freed from a few moments of combat with the undead in a department store, Sandra took a seat against a wall.  She ruffled her raven hair and closed her hazel eyes as it sunk in time and time again.  Every bullet she used hit a target.  While more than half were on the undead, she had also killed off five people who intended to kill her.  San Diego had its crime and she’d been in gunfights before, but never on a consistent basis in less than two days.
	She sighed deeply when a taller male took a seat beside her. “Still with me?”
	“Until the end, babe.” Sandra chuckled.  She sent him a glance.
	“We can’t hold this city.” He voiced immediately. “The people have taken back the streets.  And the undead walk those streets like their own too.  Our best bet is to get off the mainland.”
	“We can--”
	He leaned in closer and took her hand, “If we stay, we will not survive.”
	Sandra opened her mouth, but her phone started to vibrate.  She took her eyes off the conversation and on the caller ID.  It only took a second longer for her to put the phone to her ear. “Dad?”
	“Sandra,” Derek spoke in a hoarse tone, “where are you?”
	“Same as always.”
	“You need to get out of there now.”
	She rolled her eyes, “Everyone keeps saying that.”
	“Sandra, listen.  Something has happened.” He stopped.  He didn’t want to say it.
	“What?” Sandra clenched her teeth.  She hated when he kept things from her.  Their relationship after the divorce was built on trust.  Nothing came about, “What?” She asked more persistently.
	“Quinn is dead.” Sandra bit her lip when the words struck her ears.  Derek gulped, “Please, get out of the city now.”
	The news petrified her, “How?” She asked in a monotone.
	“The virus…he didn’t have a chance.” Derek clenched his teeth, “Baby, trust me.  You need to find a safe place now, before it’s too late.  I don’t want to lose you, too.”
	Sandra let a tear slide from her eye, “Okay, dad.”
	“Are you going to be alright?”
	Sandra didn’t lie about it, “No, but I’ll get through it.  You taught me how.” Sandra let a deep breath in and out, her eyes welling. “I love you, daddy.”
	Derek stifled a sob, “I love you too, Sandra.” Derek waited for her to say goodbye, but she never did.  That was always her own way to end a phone conversation with her parents.  Derek hung up and set the phone down, leaving it there for now.  He had to take a seat and let the reality sink through.
	Sunrise shed on the valley of the sun brought back a massive war with an enemy the military hardly expected to find.  Nova platoon maintained their cordon throughout the night, at the time when it seemed the enemy slept more and shot less.  But Walt knew the ugly truth.  They were reorganizing.  As soon as light was on the frontline, the war escalated beyond any soldier’s expectations.
	A series of deep thumps roared from the opposite side of the bridge.  An enemy was hardly visible at the moment.  But indirect fire was just as fatal.  Walt looked to the sky, where he spotted dots in the sky flying toward them. “Fuck.” Walt dove away from the barrier.  A launched grenade impacted the concrete and blasted it into pieces.  Soldiers reacted to the initial blast, but weren’t expecting four more to rock the bridge only meters away.
	Chad had his eyes to the front.  The detonation of an abandoned car behind him threw him and many of his comrades off their equilibrium.  One PFC was caught close enough to the blast to be thrown over the guardrail.  The hopeless man flung his limbs helplessly, eyes finally turning on the shallow riverbank moments before impact.  The body didn’t even fully submerge after striking the water.  If the blast didn’t kill Private First Class Rico Espinoza, the sudden stop at the bottom of the ravine undoubtedly did the rest.
	“Rico’s gone!” Specialist Anthony Elwood reported to his team leader.  The rest of the second team was slow to rise, and one didn’t even get off his back.  Sergeant Kurt Simms, who suffered only extremity wounds over the last few days, now looked down at half of his left arm.  Shrapnel from the explosion was unprejudiced, and in the blink of an eye amputated his arm from the elbow down.
	Kurt clamped his wound and reeled from the hurt.  The feeling of no feeling was unbearable.  And worse than a feeling of numbness, the amputation was fully felt.  Every bit of raw skin and searing nerve endings against the hot open air brought Kurt to shock.  Specialist Norton ran to the Sergeant’s side and began to treat the wound.  Crawford collected the detached arm of his younger Sergeant and quickly threw it in an ice chest aboard the humvee.
	Chad collected his radio, “Nova-One, it’s Four!  We’re taking casualties from launched explosives!”
	“Nova-Four, they’re hammering us too!” The explosives stopped detonating within a few seconds.  But to some, it passed like hours.  Kurt desperately tried to steady his breath, but the immersive torture to his missing limb both mental and physical wouldn’t allow a calm feeling to embrace his mind.  Chad tried to accept the horror one of his most loyal soldiers had to suffer through if he survived the explosion to live through a horrifying fall.
	Claire didn’t allow a worry to cross her mind.  She was a faithful believer in a savior looking down.  Whether she lived or died, she did what she always believed was right in the center of her soul.  Her service in the military was to protect her people, not to kill for fun.  She believed she could be forgiven for every life she was forced to take.  Claire felt an impulse to rise over the cover of a parked humvee.  She stared through the sight, looking, waiting, and hoping.  The young woman was ready to leave this nightmare.  The foresight of Reaper defeating the human race was far from any anticipation she desired to endure.
	Claire whispered into the wind. “Take me.” A sharp sting punch her right in the chest.  She was thrust onto her back.  Claire’s eyes looked up at the sky.  The agony was intolerable.  But her attitude was unaffected.  Her vision stared into the clouds, the hallucinations of angels reaching down for her.
	Walter felt the impact of his most innocent follower hit the ground.  He took a step to help, when another sniper’s bullet ripped through his arm.  The Staff Sergeant spun and fell to the ground, his arm clutching the wound as it slowly started to trickle from his arm.  No arterial damage, no impact the bone.  A clean through and through.
	Walter slid across the gap and put his hand over the wound. “Weber!” He yelled, the two making eye contact as he knelt over her.
	Claire opened a hand for him to take. “I’m sorry, Staff Sergeant.”
	Walt spun about, “Myers!” He screamed at the top of his lungs.  Scott ran across a gap, where he also felt the sting of a bullet that swiped the back of his neck, not more than an inch from causing a deadly injury.  The medic dropped on Claire’s other side.
	Walter felt Claire’s hand ensnare his. “I am meant for something more,” she spoke clearly.  Her eyes were starting to drift.   Her heart suffered a direct shot.  Despite the Kevlar, an armor piercing round assured she wouldn’t live to see tomorrow. “He’s summoned me to serve above.” She gulped, drowsiness begging to drag her into the eternal rest.  Claire resisted, “If you need anything…just ask.”
	Walter clenched his teeth, his arm pulling hers in close.  She released her final breath while her eyes closed.  Scott knew there was nothing he could do.  Surviving a high caliber bullet wound center mass was rare, if at all possible.  The medic resigned himself to let her die when her words struck his ears.  If she was so ready to succumb to mortality, nobody could convince her to cling to life.  He wouldn’t force her to endure a mortal life she no longer wanted.
	Walter glanced back over cover to see a sight most foul.  Infantry was taking cover behind a stockpile of armored trucks of every company and size, including metro SWAT.  The Staff Sergeant clenched his teeth, “Son of a bitch.” He clicked the radio, “This is Nova, enemy infantry has commandeered armored vehicles.  They’re advancing with explosives.  We need to level this bridge now.”
	“Nova, we are not cleared to destroy structures within city limits.  You don’t have a choice.”
	“You’re right,” Walter snapped back. “I’ve got men down.  We need to back out now.  We cannot maintain this roadblock without support.” Thunder didn’t reply to Walter’s desperate request. “Damn it!”
	“Staff Sergeant?” Alex Riggs said, his gunshot wound still stinging but his aim unnerving. “The hell are we going?” Walter glanced back.  He didn’t know how to respond.  The deceased recruit at his knees was at the front of his head.  But with every second of inaction, more men could die.
	A thousand feet above the air, two men who long since were considered dead were waiting with every bone in their body tingling to go.  Ken and Braden looked down on the city below doused in flames and smoke.  Both exchanged a glance.  Their mood had never been so sure. “You should be in range,” the pilot of the Cessna said from his seat. “Try the radio now.”
	Ken clicked his refurbished radio, fixed by the electrician and pilot the two had run across while driving out of LA.  Little detail was given to the trials they endured, including the merciful execution of one of Ken’s most trusted friends. “Nova, do you copy?”
	Walter wasn’t sure if he heard the voice right.  Perhaps the static adjusted the tone.  But the last time he heard that voice was three days ago, just before the detonation of Serenity. “Who is that?”
	“It’s Kenny.”
	“Master Sergeant, suggest you get out of the area while you still have a chance.  We’re taking heavy fire from the tower on the south side of the river.”
	“Copy that, sir, we’ve been piggybacking a signal all the way from San Diego.  Couldn’t establish contact with you until now.  We have situational awareness and we’re coming in hot, just sit tight.” Every capable eye looked for the source of their friend who had risen from the dead.  Few had any idea how it was possible, or if it was just a strange coincidence.  But there was no coincidence to fall on this day.  Ken pushed open the passenger door, harnesses tightly strapping a parachute to his back.  He heard the other door open and felt the violent turbulence of the unsecured cabin. “On three!” Ken screamed over the roaring wind.  Tempe hung roughly five thousand feet below.
	Braden bit his lip from the anxiety that came before every leap of faith. “Ever had the chance to do a HALO jump, Master Sergeant?”
	“This is more like a LALO if you ask me!” Ken shot back.
	“It’s gotta be at least a MALO, right?”
	“I suppose know what ‘Malo’ means.”
	Braden outstretched a hand and patted Ken on the back. “I get the feeling I’m going to find out when we hit the ground.”
	“Save your reserve chute for the extraction.  One!”
	“Always gotta put us on the brink.” Braden fit a pair of goggles over his eye.
	Ken clenched his teeth. “Two!” A few more seconds passed in silence.  The football stadium came into his vision. “Three!” Both freed themselves from the safety of mechanics, falling into the weightlessness of open air.  Within a matter of seconds, terminal velocity was accomplished.
	Walter looked back into Claire’s eyes.  They had by this time dilated with her passing.  The Staff Sergeant clenched his teeth, his hands wrapping around hers as the heat drained from her extremities.  He shut her eyelids, the dead stare no longer bleeding into the sky.  If any of his soldiers could believe like that in their last moments.
	“I see them!” Scott pointed to the sky.  Walter spun about, his eyes locking on the two black figures in the light blue backdrop.  The Staff Sergeant didn’t know what to think about it.  Soldiers who he believed died from the nuclear blast, radiation, or the chaos inside Los Angeles were somehow rocketing down from the heavens.  He only begged the question of whether or not the two of them could defeat a genocidal militia.
	Ken led Braden in their freefall descent from the height of fifty four hundred feet.  The descent lasted only a matter of seconds, but the exhilarating fall was an endorphin rush unmatched.  Watching the ground looming closer with every foot, waiting for the optimal time.  For this operation to be successful, they had to maintain the low profile and activate their chutes as close to the building as possible without crashing through the roof.  Parachutes weren’t exactly the easiest thing to miss.  Fortunately when facing an army head on, their eyes rarely looked straight up.
	Ken reached for his ripcord, “Pull!” He screamed.  With the parachutes blooming, terminal velocity was dispersed.  A huge opposite force stressed both men with whiplash, but it was nothing either weren’t used to.  Ken gripped the controls on either side and pulled with all his might to stick the landing only moments after opening his chute.  Braden mirrored his actions, and both rolled to a stop when their feet touched the building rooftop.
	The two reacted to their landing as if testing the fate of death was nothing more than another day in the office.  Both retrieved and wrapped up their chutes.  Given the decaying situation, neither expected to spend another second in the air.  Their reason for collecting the parachutes was to prevent them blowing off and tipping off the enemy.  They were weighted to the ground and abandoned there.
	Braden was moving toward the building edge first.  He retrieved a rope and karabiner that he quickly locked in place around the tower’s lightning rod.  Ken was close behind attaching his own.  After stretching them to the edge and clipping them to their utility belts, both threw their legs over the bars with no sense of fear.  Ken and Braden positioned themselves on the opposite side of the safety railing.
	Ken wrapped the cord tightly around his wrist and freed his hands.  The body leaned over the building hundreds of feet off the ground.  A feeling of worry or doubt never crossed his mind.  He recovered his sidearm and clicked the safety off. “Are you ready?” Ken asked to his composed brother in arms.
	Braden nodded. “Hell yeah.”
	Ken checked the distance to their target.  The broken glass was the only place they could fire deep inside the building and wouldn‘t attract as much attention.  Another crack of a gunshot and a smoke trail emitted from below. “By the way ‘malo’ is a Spanish term for ‘bad.”
	“What a coincidence.” Braden smirked. “I’m right next to you.”
	Ken smirked and nodded at him. “Go.” Both kicked their legs off the building edge, releasing their grip of the ropes just enough.  The weightlessness of freefall entertained their stomachs for the short descent.  By the time they were swinging back into the building, their open glass target was straight ahead and their weapons were pointing through the cavity.
	Silenced gunshots strafed into multiple targets, removing four snipers positioned directly behind the windows.  The surrounding detail didn’t see it coming until military fatigues were rolling into the office.  Cubicles served to defend the two soldiers with abundant cover.  While automatic fire peppered the walls initially, it quickly subsided.
	The militiamen were caught off guard by this new threat.  Immediately, a voice was calling for backup. “Colonel, our nest is compromised.  We have hostiles on our floor.”
	“Kill them.” A cold, sinister voice replied over the line.  Ken rose up, his target perfectly lined up by the source of his voice.  Owens peeled back a single shot which swiped right between his eyes.  Automatic fire immediately laid waste to his last known position.  But with the distraction of one, Braden rose up with his M4 carbine and depleted the entirety of a magazine at seven different targets.  Four fell with incapacitating injuries while the other three avoided any injury at all.
	The sleight of hand worked to their mutual benefit.  Ken snuck through the darkened shadows of the building.  He soon found himself the hunter and planted a gun in a target’s back.  Ken felt compelled to fire. “You’re lucky your back is turned,” Ken thrust the butt of his pistol into the mercenary’s temple, knocking him unconscious.  The thump of a body drew the other two toward him.
	Ken hid inside the nearest cubicle, the sounds of footfalls growing closer and closer.  The steps came to an abrupt end only inches away.  Ken knew the moment to act was now.  He ascended to a stand and let off a single bullet.  The last man standing turned to fire, only to have his life ended by a bullet to the side of his head.
	The two hurried to their original targets now slumped over the high powered rifles.  Both relieved corpses of their armament and adjusted the scopes to aim on the advancing infantry. “Fire at will.” Ken steadied his breath before pulling the trigger.  His shot struck one of the hundreds of gunmen on northbound Mill.
	The cracks of rifles sent everyone in the platoon as low as they could go.  Walter clicked his radio, “Snipers!” The high caliber echoes seemed to be near fully automatic.  The clips ran out of bullets, and a pause overtook the frontline.  More than a dozen advancing recruits were dead or crawling back to their army. “Is anyone hit?”
	“Negative!” York said.
	Mike’s voice stepped up, “It’s Ken.  They’ve got battlefield dominance now.”
	Walter looked up, watching as smoke trails dashed from the tower to the bridge on the other side. “That’s our window, fire at will!” He threw his rifle over the truck and depleted a magazine.
	Travis noticed when his troop of many started to retreat, their eyes turning back to the snipers who had been protecting them until now.  Travis reached for his radio. “Eagle eye, what the hell is going on up there?” No response.  The Colonel glanced at Brian. “Let’s move!” He knew if the sharpshooters didn’t have an advantage, it would remain a stalemate with many of his recruits losing their lives every hour. “Everyone take cover, our snipers are out of commission!” He led the troop of five into the lobby doors, and quickly up the elevator.
	Ken and Braden fired without relent, mostly trying to burn up ammunition reserves before the enemy could retake their hill.  Regardless they still decimated advancing enemy militia and put fear in the hearts of those who believed themselves bulletproof.  That could determine the outcome of a war.  Ken wasn’t here to win or lose a war.  He was here to save his brothers in arms before this sinister threat could wipe them out.
	Before either of them knew it, they were changing out to the last magazine.  Ken took his eye away from the scope and spotted the elevator opening. “Shit.” He flung the rifle out the window along with another that had already been used up.  The fall would damage these weapons to the extent they wouldn’t be able to fire.  Perhaps repairs could be made, but Ken was only focused on the short term.
	“It’s time to go.” Ken spoke up, just as Braden was discarding the other two precision rifles out the windows.  The escape was where the biggest questions filled their minds.  No doubt they would take fire from their evictors.  The plan was to base jump from the sniper perch, deploy the secondary chutes as soon as they were clear of the building, and glide to regroup with the rest of their unit on the bridge center.  The days when everything went according to plan accounted for never.
	The spray of gunfire forced them to act.  Positioned a few feet back to get a running start, both sprinted for the broken glass.  Ken and Braden flung themselves out of the safety of solid footing and back into the unknown of another jump.  The blare of automatic fire filled their ears before they left, and continued to spray as they cleared the building.  After a second passed and their range spread, Ken felt comfortable deploying his ripcord.  Braden assumed the same in unison.  The fabric spat out and spread with the air resistance drastically slowing their rate of descent.  The whiplash didn’t near compare to the first jump, as they didn’t come close to the rate of terminal velocity.
	Deaf ears fell upon the gunshots ringing behind them.  Already three hundred feet away, their foes’ gunshots were prone to the effects of gravity.  Only a seasoned marksman had the opportunity to hit them.  And it appeared all their best firepower was destroyed after the intervention of two men.  Travis lowered his rifle with an aggravated gaze upon the men who murdered many of his.  He was about to lift his gun to fire again when a radio keyed up. “Colonel, we’ve got a news van.”
	“Good,” Travis replied through his walkie, “make sure their forces know what we’re capable of.  I’ll be down in a minute.” He lowered the radio. “How did that happen?”
	Brian stepped up, late to arrive for another reason. “It’s too late to ponder, but we have another game to hunt.” He handed over two photographs printed on copy paper from surveillance tapes.  The two soldiers’ faces were clearly visible given the high resolution. “I guarantee we’ll be running into them again.”
	Travis nodded. “We take this city, then move north.  I will find Robert…then we go after them.” He saluted Brian, “Thank you, Sergeant Major.”
	Brian outstretched an arm and patted his back, “No, Colonel, thank you.  I have something to live for because of you, and this militia.  I will follow you, even if it leads to my death.” The two exchanged eye contact, their moods reflecting solidarity and accomplishment.  Their actions, which had resulted in the lives of at least a hundred college kids and more than two dozen police and military personnel being lost, had led them to this demented sense of rebirth.  They would survive where millions would die, and their message would only enact the same violent destruction upon less fortunate and less capable, not just the amassing armies of ‘Undeath.’
	Ken and Braden rolled on the concrete bridge.  They unclipped their parachutes a few feet off the ground, and broke their fall with a roll or two.  As soon as they were back on a level head, the two spun about and raised their weapons.
	Ken and Braden looked through iron sights.  Dead center on the bridge a hundred feet from their own unit, perhaps fifty from their opponents who they laid waste upon only minutes ago.  Gunshots were absent from the hot desert air.  Two men had decimated the militia and greatly demoralized their advance.  The sight of so many being wounded or killed in such a short frame of time would strike fear into the most accomplished morale.
	“Cahill, fall back.” Ken rose to a stand and backpedaled parallel to his teammate.  The two scanned every bridge for any sign of brash reaction.  The platoon had all the ability to advance after two men had struck the heart of Travis’ strategy.  But Nova had no intention to stay here a second longer than they had to.  Nobody wanted to kill another gunman with a young and aspiring face one more time.
	Walter yelled once the two were about twenty feet away from regrouping. “Back from the dead, Master Sergeant?”
	“If I can defy Reaper and Serenity, I can save your asses one more time.” Ken lifted his gun as he turned to pass by the first humvee. “Pull your men back, get your wounded in order.” 
	“Goddamn,” Scott chuckled, “I take it you’ve got a Chuck Norris gene in there somewhere.” He glanced down at the deceased body of Claire Weber.  He bit his lip with the morose feeling of defeat.
	Walter noticed the look in his eyes and grabbed his arm, “You can’t save them all, Kenny.  We would all be dead if you didn’t show up when you did.”
	Kenneth reached down and collected her dog tags stained with blood from the deadly wound she suffered.  Along with it, he collected the cross pendant she always wore. “I’m more disappointed I won’t get to say goodbye.  How many others didn’t make it?”
	Walter sent a hand gesture to the second team.  As one, they quickly loaded up and dispersed from their position. “Nova,” He issued his order over the comm, “fall back.” He shook his head, “I’m not sure yet.  Where the hell is Eli?”
	Ken shook his head, “Serenity poisoned him with radiation.  He didn’t make it out of LA.
	Walter jumped in the driver’s seat, and Ken took the passenger.  Once the final door slammed shut, Walter slowly backed out of the stalemate. “Did he suffer?”
	“I wouldn’t let him die like that.” Ken replied.  The thought of killing a man who was destined to die anyway didn’t bring a sense of victory to his mind.  Everyone lost something in the last seven days.  Thousands upon thousands of innocent civilians vaporized in an instant, soldiers and vigilantes in brutal and enduring combat, and the virus that started it all at the core of social disarray.  The truck came to a stop, but Ken didn’t have the heart to leave his seat.  He wanted a second to rest, and reminisce on the world that he knew.  A world that would slowly burn, leaving ashes from the memories of civilization and a trail of blood through the heart of every living soul.  Ken carefully raised Claire’s cross pendant over his head and let it rest around his neck.
	Travis’ face stood in front of a camera.  A news crew was captured by his militia and held for ransom.  He had no intention of killing any of them, but rather only needed the tools they used to spread his word.  The light turned on. “My name is Colonel Travis Lincoln Greer.  I am not a murderer of innocent souls.  I am a liberator of the fearful, a light that shines to guide the lost.  By now, you are aware that your government has fed a lie and poisoned your minds with the fear of terrorism.  The fact is this: the Reaper virus knows no limits and is an incurable and highly lethal disease.  It will turn every infected soul into a pawn of undead origin.  You know them as zombies.  You don’t have to believe me now.  But they started on the west coast and they will reach the east coast.
	“None of you need to fear me.  Your military has turned against you.  If you let them, they will do the same to the great city of Phoenix as they did to the wasteland that is now Los Angeles.  Your government will turn on you.  Your options are to fight, run, or die.  If you try to flee, it will only be a matter of time until the virus finds you.  But if you stand at my side, with the arms that I am willing to offer, you have a chance to take back what was stolen.
	“Offer your will to protect your right to survive, and I will reward you graciously.” He stopped speaking for a moment. “We will travel to every corner of the valley.  My militia will stretch north, east, and south to every border and every coast.  Our will is just, more than that of those who guaranteed to protect and serve you.  I will not force an ultimatum.  All we strive for is redemption.” He glanced at Brian and nodded his head.  The video clicked off.  Now, all that needed to be done was deliver it.  And should they have refused to air it, the studio would soon be overwhelmed and Travis’ message would go out live instead.  This was how the end began.
	The city of Heber, though exponentially smaller, was not free of the virus’ path.  The pathogen would consume every population center that a single host would happen across.  And such a host eventually came to a leg of the town.  Robert was one of the few people constantly vigilant, full aware of every threat he could be facing.  The local grocery store was one of the last places Robert expected to be.  But a short notice food supply was useful, considering they were already pushing their timetable.
	Robert collected his cell phone when it rang. “Yeah?” He asked, collecting a few cartons of eggs.  He didn’t mind the prices, money was no object to him here.
	“Don’t forget,” Brooke’s voice spoke through the receiver, “we need seeds to plant.”
	Robert glanced around, “I’ll check, but I’m not sure--” He cut himself off when his vision locked on an anomaly.  A man fell to the ground at the head of his aisle.  Though the ill person tried to climb to his feet, his muscles gave out.  Robert approached cautiously, as did many others.  But unlike any others, he had a hand behind ready to grab the pistol concealed on his back.
	“Bobby?” He heard Brooke’s voice over the line, but didn’t reply. “Bobby, can you hear me?”
	This was how he expected it to originally happen.  Within an hour, it would be complete pandemonium.  A town of this size, attitude, and religious ultimatum would glimmer a spark of initiative trying to save the people.  But then, just like always, the monsters inside every evil soul would manifest and shatter their resolve.  Escape was pointless, for this demon would one day bind the earth in its chains.  The only logical choice was to outlast, endure, and summon faith.
	That objective was at the center of Robert’s actions.  His reasons for setting up defenses at the camp.  For trying to save these lives.  But the suspense waiting caught Rob off guard.  He didn’t have time to expend looking down at the hopeless life expunging.  Rob started toward what would soon be a creature.  He didn’t want to put a bullet in somebody if they weren’t yet symptomatic of reanimation.  Given the normal state of things at the moment, that would be irrational.
	Robert thought he wouldn’t need to commit such an action.  But when the body’s eyes opened to a golden glow, the sharpshooter’s pistol was in hand and the safety was off.  The zombie attacked the nearest person attempting to revive him, his hands clutching the wrists while his jaws stretched wide to masticate living flesh.  A gunshot echoed loudly throughout the building.
	Robert stared through the iron sights of his Ruger P95.  A clean cavity ripped through the temple of Reaper’s next pawn.  The sickness was relinquished, and along with it any hope for a life.  But at the same time, one more life had been freed from infection if only for a day or to the end of times.  Robert wished him the best, but knew his focus was on a single thing now.  He put the phone back to his ear. “Brooke!” He said as he sprinted out of the store amidst the panic. “The virus is here, call everyone and order them to the camp now!”
	“I heard a gunshot--”
	“Ma’am,” Robert jumped in the driver’s seat of his Chevy and twisted the key in the ignition. “There’s no time!  Call everyone now!”
	Brooke hesitated to answer, “Okay, Robert.” She spoke calmly, “I understand.  Be careful.”
	Robert nodded, “Yes, ma’am.  I’ll see you in an hour.” He hung up the phone and jammed the transmission into reverse.  The truck peeled out of the parking lot.  And as Robert was sliding onto the highway, another person was picking up the line. “Mitch, it’s time.  Arm yourself.  It’s going to get crazy really fast.”
	Derek set the phone down.  His short conversation with Sandra was only enough for her to be informed of Quinn’s passing, and her intentions since the virus could not be stopped.  So close to open water, the options were endless.  From oil rigs to offshore islands, even to the shores of the Hawaiian islands.  Sandra, a police officer who had served the city of San Diego for two years, managed to avoid both the infractions of the desperate or the disease of the sickened.  Her opportunity to survive existed, even under the shade of a mushroom cloud less than a hundred miles away.
	Derek didn’t have more than a few seconds of solemnity, praying that Sandra would find safe passage before the phone rang.  Derek let it ring a couple times before picking it up. “Bobby.” He knew what the call meant.  The time for waiting was now gone.  Men of action were required to save the lives of the few who mattered most. “Is it time?”
	“Yeah.” Robert replied.
	Derek rose to a stand and walked back through the threshold of his front door.  Just inside, two suitcases, a backpack, and two sheaths for rifles were all bundled up and ready to go.  He threw the pack over his shoulders, looped the rifle slings over his neck, and the cases in his right arm.  He retained the phone to his ear in his left hand as he walked out of his home for the last time. “I’m going for Kate, what are you doing?”
	“I need to get my rifle.  Get a headcount as soon as you’re on site.  I want everyone there within the hour.”
	Derek popped the trunk and threw his luggage in. “I’ll call you if there are any stragglers.” Derek hung up as he slammed the trunk shut.  He jumped in the driver’s seat and left the neighborhood.
	His first course of action drew him to the bars at the east end of Overgaard.  It was where his girlfriend Kate worked, and he had no intention of leaving her there.  He told her about Robert’s fears and assured she understood the gravity of his warnings.  Kate was initially resistant to the idea, but soon enough determined the veracity of his theories by the escalating scenarios in Los Angeles shortly followed by Phoenix.
	However, she was still part of the normal society and thus had to report to her job to keep up the portrayal of regular living.  Kate hated to relish in the fact that soon the money she was working for wouldn’t matter for anything.  More than that, she wondered how many customers would see the sun set tonight.
	Derek’s vehicle skidded to a halt right outside the steps leading to the saloon.  He hurriedly rushed through the door, a hand on his holster for the entire trip.  As he ran inside the double doors, his eyes scanned every inch of the floor for signs of infected.  Didn’t look much different than he remembered: a bunch of drunks and hicks wasting at ten o’clock in the morning.  Oh, the memories of a fool he used to be.  Derek ignored them, making a hasty beeline for the strawberry blonde behind the bar.
	The woman leaned over the bar, “You’re early.”
	Derek nodded, “Remember what I was telling you about before.” He leaned in and pecked her on the lips.  Her brow furrowed in speculation. “It’s here.  We need to get to the camp now.” He made sure to keep his voice low so the nearby patrons wouldn’t suspect or worse, follow them.
	She shrugged, “I don’t know what you want me to do.”
	“You aren’t going to need a good reference for a better job, Katherine.  Come with me, before it gets bad.” The echo of a revolver outside made every head turn to the closest window.  Several jumped out of their seats to investigate.  Derek looked back at her. “We don’t have time.”
	Kate needed to hear that gunshot to better accept the gravity of the situation. “I have a couple of bags packed at the house.”
	“Good,” he put a hand on hers, “We’ll stop by on the way there.”
	Kate leaned over the bar and kissed him. “I hope you’re right about this day.”
	Derek nodded, “I was hoping Robert was wrong for the last six.”
	Inside his cabin, Robert took a final glance at everything he owned.  Not much of any value monetarily or sentimental.  A single picture of his mom and dad hung on the wall of his bedroom.  They were long since dead, but he’d never forget the mark they impressed on him.  He became a soldier for his dad, a veteran who survived Vietnam to die in a plane crash on vacation.  No memories of them stayed with him.  All ties were cut from here, because after tonight everything would change.  Every day of his life for the last two and a half years, Robert had lived in this cabin.  But such a structure was not meant to sustain a single person indeterminably. 
	He lifted a set of dog tags from a dresser.  A single glance into the inscriptions brought back six years of skill to mind.  He lifted the chain over his head, dropping the tags under his shirt collar.  Moving from the dresser, he fell to his knees at his bed.  Under his cot, a long fabric case was easy to slide out.  Robert opened the case on his bed, greeted by the assembled M110 sniper system.  Locking the first bullet into place, Robert felt the cold metal become one with his body.  A rifle is only an extension of the arm, as the Sergeant Major used to say.  Rifle laid graciously on the bed, Rob walked back to the dresser. 
	In the bottom drawer, another case was removed.  This one was considerably smaller.  Inside, the loaded Ruger P95 with chrome plating laid in the molded foam interior.  Rob took the pistol from its case, sliding the frame back in place to insert the next shell.  Mostly just testing his reflexes, he ejected a bullet from the chamber.  His free hand coined the cartridge in midair.  He pocketed the bullet with a smirk on his face.  If the worst came today, he knew where his last bullet was for euthanasia versus infection.  Carrying one in each hand, Robert walked out the front door.  It didn’t bother him closing the door or not, he wasn’t coming back for anything.
	As he tossed the rifle into the back seat of his truck, his cell rang again.  Robert didn’t let a single ring go by before answering it, “What’s our headcount?”
	Derek’s response was immediate, “We picked up a few extras, but I haven’t seen Nicole.”
	Robert thrust the truck into first gear. “Where is she?”
	“Nobody knows.  She isn’t picking up her phone, but there’s no busy signal either.”
	Robert only had one idea where she could be.  But the fact that she wasn’t answering her phone was too much a risk to ignore.  On a day like today, Robert had no intention to leave anything to chance.  She was the only one who wasn’t at the camp.   Which meant her safety was Rob’s only priority.
	A four mile distance was closed in less than two minutes, Robert committing every traffic violation in the books to reach Nicole’s home.  As he pulled into her driveway, he spotted a broken window and the front door wide open.  Before a thought entered his mind, instinct and second nature had his sidearm in hand and pointed through the threshold.  Robert sprinted into the darkened home. “Nikki!” He screamed at the top of his lungs.
	Rob hadn’t taken more than a few steps in before he was mesmerized by a pair of gold irises looking at him.  Robert lifted his aim and pulled the trigger.  The first zombie didn’t even utter a moan before its body was slumping to the floor.  Rob turned on the light to the living room, where he saw another in the far corner.  Robert aimed and fired a second time, impaling the second creature with the second round in his clip.  Old habits die hard.
	“Nicole!” Robert screamed through the halls of the residence.  He started toward her room.  Though he had only been to this house on one occasion, he made sure to record the floor plan in the recesses of his mind for future reference.  Of all times, he rarely expected to be letting off gunshots inside.  A third zombie growled as its face appeared around the hallway’s edge. “Shut up,” Rob fired again, pumping a bullet into the animal’s chest.  The zombie retracted from the force of the bullet on its body.  But despite a shot that would have pierced the heart and lungs simultaneously and killed a living being in a matter of seconds, the zombie wasn’t phased by the bullet.  It started forward.  Rob raised his iron sights only enough, and let off a successive round.
	The shell echoed on the floor.  Robert continued forward, his mind filling with worry.  If Nicole was still alive, she would have made her presence known some way.  He didn’t want to think he was too late.  But judging by the fact three undead were in her house and potentially more could be hiding in its shadows, Robert didn’t want to reserve his faith of her survival.  If she was infected…Robert shook the thought from his mind, slow to turn the corner.
	As he opened the door, the full mass of a former man wrestled him to the ground.  The gun was knocked free of his hand and slid to the far side of the room.  Robert wore a long sleeved shirt to avoid contact with the undead, but it would only do so much.  The weight of a hundred and sixty pound male crushed the veteran on the ground.  Robert quickly ensnared the monster’s wrists.  That only accounted for two of three methods it could spread the disease.  The zombie was fully aware of that ability, its jagged and bloodstained teeth visible from an unrelenting growl.
	Robert clenched his teeth.  The undead were stronger than he originally anticipated.  He may as well have been conflicted with a man twice his size, and only adrenaline coursing through his veins kept the creature from infecting him.  The zombie lurched its head forward, but Robert struck a knee into its groin in the same instant.  The force pushed the monster’s mass back just enough to avoid a bite on the neck.  Robert tried to wrestle the creature off of him, but it wouldn’t budge.  For the first time in years, he felt his own life on the verge of death.  And what his body would become after Reaper had taken his life, that was Robert’s greatest phobia.
	A gun blared through the master bedroom.  The creature, freed of its firing synapses and brain blown to mush from a single and carefully measured shot, was easy to throw off.  Robert rose to see Nicole standing in the far corner.  She collected Robert’s pistol, and used it to issue the kill shot on a monster that otherwise would have led to Robert’s untimely death.
	Robert rose to a stand and rushed to the shaking blonde.  Her eyes wouldn’t draw away from the dead body filling her carpet with blood.  Robert lowered the gun, “Nicole.” He wrapped an arm around her back under the arm and started to escort her to the door. “Just breathe, I’m here.”
	Robert kept his pistol leveled as the two carefully walked toward the door.  Nicole was shocked about pulling the trigger.  She never felt the impulse to take a life until this time, when her inaction would have resulted in Robert’s death.  Her voice was shaky, “I was packing the car when they started coming for me.” She was in shock.  The fear that accompanied such a close encounter with the undead could break lesser souls. “I locked the door but they still came in.”
	As soon as they were safe inside his truck, Robert interlaced the fingers of his right hand with her left, “Did any of them touch you?”
	Nicole looked into Rob’s eyes. “No.  I locked myself in and held the door shut.  Next thing I heard were gunshots.  I could have sworn I was all alone.”
	Robert smiled, “We’re even.” He backed the truck out of the driveway.
	“For what?”
	Robert squeezed her hand tighter. “You did what had to be done to save my life, just as I did for you.” The journey out of the city wasn’t as chaotic as either expected.  Robert held Nicole’s hand firmly the entire way.  Given her recent actions, she was going to need someone to comfort her.  Not everybody could take a life…but the bullet she fired didn’t extinguish any life that wasn’t already lost.  Robert begged she understand that at some point.  But if everything went according to plan, he would have more than enough time to convince her.
	The Silverado rolled through the gates of the camp.  Robert pulled the truck to a stop in the dirt parking lot just beyond the gates.  He shut the engine down, then leaned in close to her.  Nicole looked out at the camp. “I’m scared.”
	Robert replied. “Don’t be afraid.  I’m not giving up…and I won’t let you either.”
	Nicole raised her head, a vibrant smile beaming across her face. “I get the feeling you’re falling for me.”
	Rob smirked, “I promise we’ll have plenty of time to find out.”
	“What about the others?”
	The sniper looked up to see a dozen or so people starting toward his truck.  Some had seen the virus firsthand, others were warned to get to the camp immediately and never gazed upon a single pawn of Reaper.  The ones in speculation were lucky they didn’t have a nightmare to imagine every night. “They’re safe.”
	“No, I mean everyone else.  What about our families?”
	Robert caressed her hair, “If they’re smart, they’ll head east or board the first flight out of the country.  Try to call.” He asked her to try because he knew the circuits were tying up.  As soon as Arizona and Utah would be overwhelmed, the hysteria would be nationwide.
	She rested her head on his chest and closed her eyes. “Are you afraid?”
	Robert bit his lip.  The weaponized virus he was sent to kill had risen from the grave to strike the heart of the west coast.  A Colonel he betrayed now treaded grounds of the same desert state.  Anarchy was rising, as was a massing army of mindless flesh eaters.  And all Robert had to hope on was a whim, a spur of the moment thought that placed him in the middle of a sprawling forest.  He could only hope it was enough.
	Twenty people ranging from teenage kids to senior citizens.  This was not a group of combat, nor did Robert ever intend it to be.  But given the rise of insurrection, the sad truth screamed that the evil would live where the good would die.  Robert tried to be optimistic, but outsiders would cross their path eventually.  When they did, his only hope was that it would not end in bloodshed.
	Robert let out a deep breath, “Yes.  I’ve never been more afraid in my life.” He squeezed her closer, “But we have a chance now.”
	Nicole opened her eyes on the clouding sky, “This monster took seven days to reach us.  On the seventh day, He rested.”
	“Seven?” His eyes focused on the camp as a whole. “Outpost Seven.” He nodded. “That’s got a good ring to it.”
	Nicole giggled, “Make me one promise, Bobby.”
	“Anything.” Robert answer was nonchalant but his tone bore gravity to the response.
	“Don’t leave us.  You’ve taken us here, but this is only the beginning.”
	Robert shook his head, “Nikki--”
	“You said anything,” she snapped playfully, pointing a finger at his face.
	Robert nodded, “Okay.  I won’t leave.  I promise.”
	Nicole leaned close and put her lips against his. “Thank you.  I’ve been waiting to do that for a while now.” The two made eye contact, Robert for the first time shedding his defenses for an exquisite essence to break through.  The road was long and the outcome looked bleak.  At the same time, Robert never felt more at home than he did with her head resting against his chest, her fingers entwined with his hand, and two hearts beating as one…

Day 8
Foundation

	The following morning was the longest.  Amidst the confusion of many, the few who accepted responsibility for every life inside the gates had more than enough work.  Defenses needed to be set up, emergency procedures and evacuations were mandatory for everyone to memorize, and weaponry still required calculation.
	Robert wanted to handle the first of his objectives before a rising sun overtook the horizon.  He was one of the few willing to wake up so early.  It had been too many days since any of them got a chance to sleep in.  Morning brought peace that few understood before.  The virus had jumped into Texas, but nobody inside the gates knew.  Global news and media was absent from their lives now, as it would be forevermore.
	Nicole put the phone to her ear once again.  In the dawning rays, an ember of hope brought her to pray.  The line rang through, rather than blaring its busy signal as usual.  After the fourth ring, she heard the phone transfer to an automated message.  Nicole listened to the voice of her mother, a voice she long knew but wanted to hear again.  She took a deep breath as the courtesy message gave way for the beep.
	Nicole hung up before she could utter a word.  Her nose sniffled and she tried to hide her grief.  But she was not the only to grieve.  Almost everyone lost something from the nuclear strike or the rampant pandemic.  All they had to rely on was each other.  Nicole doubted strangers she usually considered as coworkers could comfort her with such an empty soul.  But something told her in the pit of her stomach that it would have to be enough, no matter what the future held.
	Robert sat alone in the kitchen, his signature Knight Armament M110 sniper rifle completely disassembled for cleaning.  The sharpshooter learned to clean the rifle at least thrice a week to prevent corrosion and misfiring.  It had taken him a long way, responsible for the eradication of more than a hundred elk.  But it had yet to take a human life since its purchase two years ago.
	The specific caliber wasn’t exactly something you bought at the local pawn shop.  Around three hundred .308 bullets were saved up from more than a year and a half.  Robert soon expected an end of the world scenario.  The world was a powder keg of religious debacle, viral evolution, and a constant competition for superior arms.  It was in man’s nature to kill, and even in death the species would bring about its destruction.
	Robert was drifting off into sleep when the door swung open.  The sniper popped his eyes open and looked through the threshold.  Derek was always the first to show up when it meant something to his cousin.  He always took the extra effort to have a greater impact.  While Derek was only armed with a Sig Sauer P220 semi automatic handgun, he was more than capable.
	Robert signaled him over.  The enduring electricity could stay operating from underground generators for a couple of months.  Derek spotted Robert quickly under fluorescent bulbs, and took a stand at his side. “Reporting for duty, Sergeant.” He smirked.
	Robert chuckled, “I ain’t a Sergeant, Derek.  I’m a hick, just like you.”
	Derek tilted his head, “Not many hicks up here have an ACOG, sir.” The door kicked open again, parting for a couple more to join the troop.
	Robert patted Derek on the shoulder, “Just the ones who know what they’re doing.” He stepped away from Derek, and welcomed the others.  The volunteers were few, but that was how Rob wanted it.  Out of twenty people, he needed a force of less than half to be significant.   But at the same time, he had no intention to put any of these people in harm’s way.  Robert stretched a hand out to Chris, the leader of many. “Glad you could join us, sir.”
	Chris sent Robert a composed look. “This is my daughter’s home as well as mine.  I won’t let her die in fear.”
	Robert nodded, then his attention turned to the next volunteers.  He was worried to see Miguel and Zack walking through the door.  Neither of them needed to risk their lives as they were far too young to lose everything.  Rob raised an arm, at which point Miguel sent him an offended glare. “You’re not letting us in?”
	“You’re too young for this.”
	“If I’m old enough to smoke and drink, I’m old enough to decide whether to risk my life or not.” Miguel pointed a finger, “I know you enlisted when you were eighteen.  Don’t try to twist your morals and keep me from protecting my family.” Robert felt like he was hit by a train.  The word ‘family’ never struck him so hard.  But it was more true than anything he knew before.  The only survivor of his family for so many years, he forgot the warmth of a mother, the guidance of a father, and never had the opportunity to embrace fraternity or sorority.
	Last through the door were the three maintenance men stepping into their later years.  Ben and Terrence were 67 and 63 respectively, both with a campaign in Vietnam to show their stripes.  The two routinely went shooting and kept their accuracy up.  Neither were in very good shape but they had nothing to lose.
	Ben was short and stocky with balding gray hair slicked back and rimmed glasses over his eyes.  His perverse sense of humor was one parallel to Robert’s.  Neither complained at the idea of working together.  Terrence was taller, with aviator sunglasses covering thin eyelids undergoing cataracts.  A beard stretched down from his head, and he always had a trucker’s cap covering his blonde and shaggy head.  His attitude was more reckless, more alcoholic, and slightly more aggressive.  But he was an easy going guy to everyone close.
	Robert welcomed both with open arms. “Come to defend your workplace?”
	Ben scoffed, “More like protecting our asses.”
	“We fought the heart of the NVA and made it out alive,” Terrence spoke up, “I don’t know about Ben, but I wouldn’t dare sit this one out.” Joseph passed by the two elderly men, and tipped his hat to Rob when the two made eye contact.  Rob nodded back at him before he returned his attention to Terrence.
	“I don’t think I would let you off if you tried.” Robert shook Terry’s hand, as well as Ben’s.  Last to offer his trained services, Mitch came strolling through the door with a Bushmaster M4 Type Carbine slung over his shoulder.  Robert set his eyes on the rifle, “Where the hell did you get that?”
	Mitch tilted his head awkwardly. “You really think I would be rolling around with a long rifle at a time like this.” He leaned in close to Robert and whispered. “I know why you’re stocked up on rounds for that sniper.  The same reason I brought this girl along.” Mitch saw the scenario from every angle, just like Robert.
	“Yeah.  I still need to break it to them.”
	Mitch nodded solemnly. “I’ve got your back, Sergeant.”
	Robert smirked, “You were higher rank than I, why aren’t you leading the charge?”
	“Do you really think I’d want to run this camp?” Mitch chuckled. “I’m perfectly fine under your command.  Saves me the responsibility.”
	“Responsibility?”
	Mitch hesitated and licked his lips. “When our defenses are broken…when the innocent fall.”
	Robert clutched Mitch’s arm. “That’s not going to happen.” He spoke with solidarity.  Mitch returned a face of confirmation.  There was no denying it.  Nobody was safe in the real world.  The odds stacked against them exponentially, with six percent of the nation’s population reanimated or infected on this day.
	An army of undead wasn’t a reason for Robert to fret as much in this climate.  The Mogollon Rim was six thousand feet above sea level.  The mountains weren’t exactly an easy route to navigate.  Undead senses weren’t as keen without a prey to stalk.  So the one winding road was easy to lose track of for a blind hunter.  The local zombies contracted and delivered the virus, but only the small populace of nearby towns was a simple task.
	Given the senses parallel to a human being in day and night conditions, it would be a rarity for them to find the camp.  Their sense of smell for warm blood was amplified, but it would never puncture more than a mile of dense forestation.  They would never hear anything through that much brush, even a gunshot.  Sound would definitely draw in the undead, so the idea of maintaining a low profile was instilled in everyone.
	Robert took a stand among his eight peers. “I trust you all know what we’re here for?”
	“Free coffee.” Ben joked.
	Terrence scoffed, “I could have sworn it was alcoholic’s anonymous with guns.”
	Robert scoffed, then cleared his throat. “We need to calculate our armament.  We need to calculate our enemy.  And we need to prepare for any threat we may encounter.”
	Zack cut him off. “I thought our threat was the zombies.”
	“It originally is, and always will be.  But when faced with anarchy, lawlessness, and social downfall--”
	Derek cut him off. “We’re bound to run into some bad people.”
	Robert didn’t mind the interruption. “Bandits, vigilantes, mercenaries.  They are our largest threat in the first years of this outbreak.  I guarantee hundreds, if not thousands, of survivors will turn for the worst.  In the event one of these groups stumbles across our gates, we need to be prepared for every circumstance.”
	“Let’s not get ahead of ourselves, Bobby.” Mitch raised a hand. “We may go up against living beings.  Don’t mean to put a damper on the situation, but I see a lot of rifles that aren’t built for war.”
	“Right.  These small caliber rifles have the potential to kill, but I wouldn’t take them to war with me.  When I was in Iraq, I hit targets with standard NATO rounds and watched them jump right back up.” He stepped into the kitchen, where his sniper was laid into more than a dozen pieces. “Unfortunately, we only have a handful of high powered rifles.  So we’ll need to improvise.
	“This rifle will be stationed upstairs, in the vent housing with direct line of sight to the front gate.  My other will be set up atop Cedar Ridge with line of sight over the rest of the camp.  Both have a guaranteed effective range up to a eight hundred yards at this altitude.”
	“Who will be firing them?”
	Robert nodded, “I will handle the M110 upstairs.  It’s closer to the road, and I’d rather put myself in the crosshairs before anyone else.” He paused. “Derek will use my other rifle.”
	Derek was baffled, “I will?”
	“You’re the only one I trust with this.” Robert patted Derek on the shoulder. “I need to bring you into my world before we can start on that, though.”
	Derek shook his head, unsure of what his performance would ensure. “I’ve never killed anyone before.”
	Robert sighed. “Don’t think of it like that.  We’re here to protect and defend our land.  Trespassers will not be tolerated.”
	“Do you think we can trust anyone out there?” Chris asked.
	Robert shrugged, “It’s hard to say.  It’s a judgment call based on their numbers and weaponry.  We could use extra manpower, but it only takes one to betray everyone.” He focused. “First, let’s go through combat procedures.  In the event of an undead encounter, there will be three ways to approach the situation.  One, if facing a dozen or fewer, we’re better off just hiding out in the cabins and letting them pass us by.  Save the ammo and stay off the radar.”
	“We’re not fighting the undead--” Miguel said, but Robert interrupted him.
	“Upwards of a dozen to fifty will be taken care of with extreme prejudice.  If there’s that large a crowd of zombies, we have no choice but to intervene.  Facing enough undead to the point that our ammo reserves cannot support us, we will have no choice but to abandon the outpost.  That is a choice I am not willing to see manifest, but we need to be realistic if there is no hope of holding our ground.”
	“And the living?”
	“If we find ourselves at odds with living people, the scenario is exponentially harder.  Because in that situation we face intelligence.  They can attack from almost any direction using guerilla tactics.  That’s why Mitch’s rifle will be set up on the climbing tower.”
	Mitch nodded. “Good vantage over the camp.  I like your ideas, Bobby.”
	“Where would our greatest defenses be?” Robert asked, hoping to get the opinion from several different minds.
	Chris spoke up. “Meadowlark is the most structurally detailed, farthest from the road, and the highest off the ground.  It’s where I’d have my Alamo.” Chris’ points were duly noted and many in the room found themselves in agreement.
	Rob nodded, “Good.  That’s where noncombatants go first.  The bathrooms have the thickest walls.  It wouldn’t hurt to throw up some extra shielding on the inside.  Robert gave everyone a thorough look. “Ben, Terrence, Joe, and Chris, the four of you are directly responsible for the civilians.  Make sure they’re safe before taking up positions.  Miguel, you and Zack are to take places at the program building underneath them.  We’ll try to find suitable weapons for all of you, but for now you need to settle with hunting rifles.” Both of the young men nodded their acknowledgement.  It wouldn’t be that hard to remember. “I trust everyone in here is capable of handling a rifle.” Multiple nodded. “That means regular cleaning as well.” Not as many were in agreement.  Neither Miguel nor Zack took a weapon apart before.  Robert smirked. “That’s fine.  We’ll go through that.”
	The first morning embracing a new frame of life was easier for some than others.  While elders and war veterans went through times of distress and unexpected change, and had experience to show for it, others were less impressionable.  Among them, a nineteen year old blonde by the name of Savannah.  The girl left her family in Flagstaff only temporarily for a seasonal job, hardly intending to grow roots here.  Zack was the only reason she stayed beyond her intentions.  And now she was trapped here, with the boy she fell for and a handful of coworkers.
	Savannah was looking for a reason to hope.  She couldn’t reach her parents in Flagstaff, and the last three days she never made contact with her brother in San Diego.  For the hundredth time, she heard the phone go straight to a busy signal.  Despite it being only nine in the morning, all the circuits were tied up.  Savannah hung up, with tears welling in her eyes.
	Zack stepped into the dorm to find the girl with hands over her eyes.  She was sobbing silently, thinking every one of her kin were gone.  Zack took a seat at her side without a word, a hand wrapping around one of her arms. “I am always here, honey.”
	Savannah stopped herself short, her eyes locking with his. “I know.  But you’re not the one I’m worried about.”
	“You don’t need to worry.  Everything will be alright.”
	Savannah shook her head, “You don’t know that.  If I knew I would feel like this, I would have gone home.”
	Zack squeezed himself closer to her. “You wouldn’t leave me.  And I would never leave you.”
	“How could this happen?”
	“It shouldn’t have.  Nobody was prepared for this and nobody saw it coming.  What I hate the most, is that we can’t go back and change it.  Like it or not, we can’t go back.  We can’t wake up and leave this as a nightmare in the past.”
	“I need to go to Flagstaff.  I need to make sure they’re alright--”
	“If you go, those zombies will kill you.” Zack warned.
	Savannah shook her head, “Have you seen one of them?”
	“No, but--”
	“This could all be Rob and Mitch’s imagination,” Savannah cut him off. “I can’t take that risk.” She rose to a stand, starting for the door.  Zack jumped to his feet and stopped her at the door.
	“You won’t get out the gate,” Zack promised.
	Savannah shook her head, “You haven’t even seen what we’re hiding from.  How do you know?”
	“Why would the circuit board be flooded?”
	Savannah found herself without a response.  She didn’t dare speak of the bomb that Zack may have lost relatives from.  She didn’t want to fight, but her emotions interrupted her anticipations.  Savannah wrapped her arms around Zack, her face burrowing into his shoulder. “I don’t know what to do.  I’m so scared.”
	Zack leaned his head against hers. “I understand.  I’m at a loss, too.  But we’ve got an Army sniper to guide us.  I can’t guarantee he has more of an idea what to do, I only know he’s survived war before.”
	Brooke heard the conversation through the door.  She was worried she might have to stop Savannah by force.  But Zack managed to convince her to stay.  Which gave her the ability to focus on others.  Some of the women both young and old converged at the far end of the cabin.  She carefully approached trying not to interrupt their conversation.
	Katherine Huffman was an only child who survived both parents from years ago.  She portrayed a fraction of the emotion that most of the others did.  Because she didn’t carry the burden that many did: unconditional love.  She did feel remorse for a dying species, but felt she’d already shared enough sorrow for her own life.  It didn’t prevent her from trying to find a connection with any of the people in the same situation now.
	Courtney, the head chef who now found herself with a job that didn’t pay and an outlook that appeared bleak, had a mind filled with worry.  Both her children aged nineteen and twenty two were living in the valley.  There was no telling what happened to them.  Word of the militia’s civil war never crossed their ears, only the omnipresence of the virus.  She hated to think she would never see her children again, but the few who tried to be optimistic were the earliest to be shot down by facet of practicality.
	Angela Carroll had a brother living on the east coast.  She set her roots in the ground years ago while David traveled to the other side of the country.  News of the virus would get out soon enough, hopefully before a host stepped into Maryland.  That gave her an optimistic hope.  The feeling of never knowing for certain was the worst, a thought that would always linger.
	Few words were exchanged between the ladies.  Brooke and Kate tried to offer their prayers and reassuring words, but little would change the truth.  Reaper had the potential to overrun the globe.  Even if many escaped the continent, the virus would find a way to cross oceans.  Undead would walk the ocean floor, sweep into currents, and wash ashore on almost every corner of the globe.  Only time decided when the world was consumed.
	Nicole laid in bed with Robert for the first time.  The day had yet to cross noon, it was hardly a case of the two spending the night together.  Nicole wanted comfort and she only wanted it from Rob.  The lives of her family could never erase from her mind.  Robert was coping with loss better than anyone she’d met. “You’re so content.” She asked, her head laying against his chest.
	Robert brushed his fingers through her hair. “I have no reason to grieve.” He was frank and brunt with his response.  What was the point in lying to her?
	“You don’t?  Why?”
	“I lost everyone I truly cared about a long time ago.”
	“Everyone?” Nicole stared into his eyes.
	Robert nodded. “My family was small.  I don‘t have any relatives.  No siblings.  Parents died in a plane crash.” He paused. “I can’t believe it’s been eight years since that happened.”
	“How did you feel when that happened?”
	“I wanted to die when I knew they weren’t coming home.” Robert wrapped his hand around hers.  The repression of remorse was agonizing, but summoning back that remorse would eat him alive.  Robert kept the memory where it belonged, in the past. “Are you okay?”
	“I’m worried about everyone.  Everyone here, and everyone not.  We may survive and may not, but they’re guaranteed to die.  I can’t stand that feeling, sitting here doing nothing.”
	“We are here to survive.  I want to help as many people as I can, but we run too high a risk of bringing the virus back or not making it.” Robert hesitated. “I can’t take the chance with either of those outcomes on the table.  I’m sorry, but we need to wait out the storm.”
	“The storm without a calm.”
	“You can’t always get what you want.” Robert leaned in closer. “I don’t like to say it, but this is going to get worse before it gets better.”
	Nicole nodded. “I’m aware of that.  But right now, I wouldn’t want to be anywhere else in the world.”
	Robert smirked, “Anywhere?”
	“Okay,” she giggled, “I’ve always wanted to see Oahu.”
	“Maybe one day.” Robert let his eyelids fall back and sleep soon took him over.

Day 12
Passerby

	When the camp staff dropped off the radar from the rest of the world, the rest of the world didn’t notice.  The infection had jumped fifty miles to the east overnight.  Television stations flooded with monotonous emergency broadcast in a dozen colored stripes that didn’t make it any more interesting.  Every local station was overrun by the plague or militia.  Arizona’s media systems were shot.  The only thing remaining was the internet on a global scale.  But in enough time, the reserved electricity would click its last light off.
	Since the suspenseful moments that could have ended her life less than a week earlier, Nicole returned to her natural demeanor.  On more than three occasions, she thanked Robert for his selfless actions.  But in turn, Nicole had long since returned the favor.  Taking a life had never been a light-hearted travesty to Rob, the emotionless monotony spotted in virtual entertainment was a misnomer.  Though the lives he took were gone, the faces would always remain.  That was something he wouldn’t let slip from his mind, either.  Lest he lose his faith.
	Robert stepped outside of the cabin, smelling the first breath of fresh air in several hours.  The outside was still, clear, and fresh.  The various weeds, shrubs, and trees were sparkling in the beauty of nature’s reflection.  Midmorning summer climate of seventy degrees Fahrenheit.  The heat never traveled above ninety lately with monsoon storms brushing against them.  All the world around him got its share of water.  Staring out into the beauty, the former Army Sergeant laid himself against the wall, facing out to the meadow ahead.
	The silence of such a wonderful morning were privy to the same interruptions.  Chris was always on the two-way radios with someone by nine in the morning.  His mind never left the concept of work.  Ben and Terrence were asked to continue their job as maintenance men, cleaning up after everyone.  Twenty people didn’t seem so bad, but Robert and Derek offered to assist and alternate days.  A job that took ninety minutes for a crew of two to complete without any sign of slack.  Both veterans pushing into their seventies managed to uphold that work ethic.
	Out through the door, a blonde haired male of six feet removed himself silently from inside as to evade the clatter of his departure, considerate of the few still asleep.  His hair was short and scruffy, with gray eyes and a near constant smirk spread over his face.  Mitch Root seemed to be the most comparable to Robert in experience.  Both had served through military enlistments, taken lives, and survived to find a boring niche back home.  He raised his hand, showing Robert a scar left behind by experience. Rob returned a nod as a silent gesture.  Not a word exchanged between the two and a gentle breeze slid by as Mitch walked off to raise hell his own way. 
	Three non-staff had assimilated into the camp by dusk of the seventh day.  Katie and Alex were first to be introduced. Derek and Rob were both acquaintances of Alex at his work in the gas station just down the highway.  In a town with so few faces, it became a friendship.  The kid was twenty one years old.  Hell of a year for the world to end.  Alex was shorter, thinner, and more of a smartass than either of them from the get go.  With a thin patch of blonde hair, gray eyes, and a perverse humor Chris had some difficulty accepting him as part of their surviving group. 
	 This wasn’t Katie’s first run-in with the camp.  Her job at the saloon was more than just chance.  On a number of occasions, summer camps picked that same restaurant to hold banquets and parties.  Beyond that, she had been slowly kindling a relationship with Derek over the last year.  By fate of occupation Derek introduced her to his co-workers.  Only a few years younger than her boyfriend, the woman carried strawberry blonde hair and hazel eyes on a healthy weight and height of 5’9.” 
	The last addition named Heather was Carl’s girlfriend.  The two had been living together for several months now, a future engagement promised ahead of time.  She was also African, though fairly shorter than Carl.  Before becoming one with the camp, Heather had maybe met all of these people once or twice by coincidence picking Carl up from work.  The demographics of the White Mountains made her face stick to a name with ease for most of the people inside.
	Rob’s day off went by peacefully with him looking out into the sky and cloud bursting.  Before he knew it, an hour had passed and four different conversations between Chris and Joe were spoken to every ear near a two-way radio.  The fifth communication came directly from Joe. “Rob, this is Joe.  I’ve spotted a truck heading toward the camp.”
	Rob slowly lifted himself out of his seat. “What do they look like?” he replied in question while one shoulder rotated. 
	“Not heavily armed,” he reported from the roof of the maintenance shed.  The truck disappeared behind a hill. “They might not even spot us.” 
	Rob waited for a response.  Derek would call in just a moment to confirm or deny it. “No, they’re pulling toward the gate.” The voice of Derek was distorted by feedback.
	“Hostile?” Robert asked.  A pause…a long pause. “Derek, report.”
	“Civilian,” Derek replied after another gap of nothingness. 
	The moment of dread fleeted from his mind in that instant. “Copy that,” Robert answered. “Take them to the dining hall, I’ll meet you there.” The sniper rose to his feet.  Clothes on, weapon loaded, boots dry, and no reason to fire.  Checklist complete, he smirked before jogging down the stairs and across the camp to the dining hall a half mile away.  The sojourn took little more than three minutes, a time fast enough that Rob actually beat Derek and the two stranded people from the outside world.  Inside the dining hall he took a seat on a chair, looking back at the camp’s features from a distance.
	Four minutes shaved off the day with Rob simply sitting there before Derek arrived.  With him, the first newcomer bore a close-cut patch of black hair, thin eyes, and a toned build.  His face was of awe, as if he was amazed to see a place built for zombie survival.  Seeing Robert turn his head, the man rose his arm and waved his hand.  Robert smirked at the show of gratitude.  Alongside him a young lady friend.  Her hair was flat black, her eyes a deep shade of brown.  They stood at each other’s side like a true couple. 
	Robert removed himself from his seat. “Let’s not be strangers.  My name is Robert, I’m sure you’ve already met Derek.” Rob rose to his feet, extending an arm out to the man. “May I ask your name?” 
	“Daniel,” the man matching Rob’s height answered.  He took Rob’s palm in his, squeezing as tightly as Rob. 
	Robert grinned. “Good to meet you, Daniel.” His focus shifted to the lady. “And what you like to be called?”
	The woman tilted her head, and with a grin said “Princess.”
	Rob shifted his glance to Daniel. “I would think of nothing less.”
	“I’m Melanie,” Robert extended his hand, she took her own and they lightly shook. 
	He returned his gaze to Daniel. “Can either one of you provide skills that would aid our survival out here?”
	Daniel nodded. “I’m a doctor,” he hesitated, “well, technically a neurosurgeon.  I’ve been doing it for about six years.”
	Melanie was next. “Former Air Force, it was my job to hack encrypted communications.” 
	Robert nodded, “Hope you won’t need to do that here.  For the most part, we’re just trying to live on the land.” 
	“How many of you are there?” Daniel asked. 
	Rob looked out the window for a second. “Adding both of you, we’re at twenty two.” 
	“Any sick or injured?” 
	“Not yet,” Derek answered. “Our people try to stay healthy.” 
	 The surgeon’s eyes looked back into the kitchen, where Courtney was using a wood-fed flame to cook rather than a stove. “What are everyone’s eating habits?” 
	“For now,” Robert answered, “we’ve got seeds blooming in the crops.  Currently, we have enough perishable foods to last us more than a month.  Power’s gonna drop before our stockpile is finished, though.  There might by a dry spell for a couple of days.” 
	Daniel shrugged. “You guys seemed to have planned most of this out.” 
	Derek pointed his finger at Rob, “He did.  The first time he brought his idea forward nobody wanted to listen.”
	“Guess it didn’t take a second try?” 
	“No,” Robert shook his head with a smirk, “Unfortunately, Los Angeles helped everything fall into place.”
	Melanie jumped in. “Are you guys planning to strike back on the virus?” 
	“No,” Robert said instantly. “This place was meant for survival, not offense.  By the time enough people would stumble onto this camp, the infection will already be on the east coast.”
	“You believe that?” Daniel replied in question. “Maybe they can stop it before it becomes an epidemic.” 
	“Sorry to contradict you, Dan.  It’s already an epidemic. That bomb wasn’t any terrorist attack, I’m sure you’ve figured that out by now.  The big question is if it crosses oceans.”
	“I watched news reports before and after the nuke dropped.  That press conference made me start thinking.  A lot of hospitals received medical warnings about symptoms of the virus ahead of time.  The only reason they ignored them was by focusing on fallout predictions a thousand miles away.”
	“You kill any of them yet?”
	Daniel shook his head, “I’m a pacifist.” 
	A deep breath was taken in by Derek. “Isn’t such a thing anymore.” 
	“Exactly,” Dan shot back. “We’re a dying breed.  That makes me an endangered species.” 
	Robert and Melanie both laughed. “The human race is going to be an endangered species in the next three months,” spoke the former. “Maybe you should take up firing a weapon, you’ll need the practice.” 
	“No, Rob,” Daniel remained steadfast. “I was put here to save people, not kill them.  Whether they’re alive or not doesn’t make a difference.” 
	With a nod, Rob glanced out the adjacent window once again. “I hope you can accept being a part of this camp.”
	“Why’s that?” Melanie asked.
	Robert sighed. “Because I have to ask that you don’t leave here.” 
	“Why would we leave?” Daniel asked. “It’s obvious you’ve got a perfect, working society that could live out this virus.”
	“We’re far from perfect,” Rob answered. “And we’ll be lucky to complete evade this epidemic.” He paused, then licked his bottom lip. “Welcome to Outpost Seven.” 
	“What’s the seven for?” Melanie asked.
	“Any number of reasons. The virus got here seven days after its release, foremost.” 
	“Seven’s a lucky number,” Derek threw in. “We’re hoping the namesake can pull us through.”
	Robert nodded. “Would you guys like the tour?” Both nodded in earnest.  A confirmed smile returned, Robert led the party of four out the door.  First order of business stepping outside, he pointed across the roadway. “To the left is the craft house. We use that for defensive planning among other things.  In case the cross didn’t tell you, the building on the right is the chapel.”
	“Does the chapel have any significance besides worship?”
	“No,” Rob answered. “It’s there for people to believe in something.  Considering the shape of things to come…it’s going to stay holy.” 
	Melanie shrugged, looking across the landscape.  It was a decent place to be.  Isolation miles from a large populace. “Do you believe in something?” 
	Robert paused, looking for a satisfactory answer.  He still had trouble finding faith. “I believe the world will never be the same.” Robert led them across the camp without another word.  Five minutes later, the four had traversed on foot the quarter mile to the cabins.  No unnecessary waste of fossil fuels, which would also become a finite resource after the world economy fell apart. 
	Inside the program room, Nicole was playing on the keyboard with her eyes focused on the clear blue sky.  Not far along, a black haired woman aged thirty five, deep green eyes listened intently.  Her eyes drifted with the beauty of each note. “Where’d you learn to play?” Angela was her name. 
	Nicole stopped for a moment. “I didn’t. It’s all by ear.” She continued, giving Angie another creation to hear.  Her gaze and song was disrupted by the sound of entry through a heavy door.  Nicole glanced back, seeing Robert and Derek leading two new faces.  So these were the ones who stumbled upon their camp. 
	Nicole rose to her feet, one of her hands waving to both. “Hi,” she spoke with a smile spreading over her face. “I’m Nikki.” 
	Melanie accepter a handshake from her first, “I’m Melanie, this is Dan.” 
	Angela rose from her seat. “You can call me Angie.” She outstretched an arm.
	Dan happily greeted both. “Thank you for the warm welcome.”
	“Why not,” Nicole replied, “We’re always friendly to guests.”
	Daniel shifted his gaze to the several rifles on set up tables. “I can see that.  Why do you got so many twenty-twos?” 
	Derek and Robert exchanged a confused look. “I thought you said you were a pacifist?” Derek asked. 
	“Doesn’t mean I haven’t shot a gun before,” Daniel confirmed his question.  When it resulted in more confusion, “I’m a doctor, guys.  Identifying a bullet’s caliber was half the job when I was working in New York.”
	Nicole had already branched off to a different topic with Melanie. “Where are you guys coming from?”
	“Santa Fe. Two days ago, we started hearing about a flu in town.” She smirked, “What the news agencies don’t tell you.”
	“How’s it look out there?” 
	Mel shook her head with solemnity in her eyes. “I never pictured it like this.  Ever since the virus crossed borders, everything went down the tubes.  People are turning against the military.”
	“What?” Robert asked immediately.
	“Yeah,” Daniel nodded. “It started in Arizona after the bomb went off.  Some commandos started an uprising and it spread like a wildfire.  It swept through New Mexico three days ago…to be honest if it wasn’t for the outlaws, we never would have escaped the city.”
	Robert paused to contemplate. “Arizona?  Who is in charge?”
	“They have messages broadcasting on two Phoenix radio stations every morning and night at six.  They don’t guarantee survival, but they give you the arms and a hope.”
	Robert glanced down at his watch. “I need to hear it for myself tonight.”
	Derek stared at Robert worriedly. “What’s wrong, Bobby?”
	“I hope I’m wrong.  But my instincts are telling me otherwise.” Derek’s brow furrowed from the statement but he didn’t pursue the subject.
	A half mile away, Zack sat on top of the rim adjacent to Meadowlark.  Right beside sat Savannah.  The two stared off into the distance, thinking about what was happening to everyone they knew. “My brother went to San Diego three months ago today.  He was supposed to be coming back in less than two weeks.” She bit her lip, and her fingers clenched his shirt.  Her eyes took in the green forest and gold plains, tears welling slowly.
	Zack didn’t know how to respond.  He didn’t know the remorse she carried for her brother, who for all anyone knew was dead like the others. “Don’t worry. They’re gonna stop this virus before it runs rampant.” He knew it was a lie as it was coming out of his mouth.
	Savannah shook her head, “No,” she replied, her eyes darting up to meet his, “no, it’s not.  Rob’s right.  We’re on our own.” 
	“You’re never alone,” he took one of her palms between his fingers, “not while I’m here.”
	She smiled. “Thank you,” leaning in and pecking Zack on the cheek. “You’re a lot sweeter than I thought.”
	He laid down on the flat rock, eyes closed to block the piercing rays of sunlight. “You talking about the kiss or me?”
	Savannah chuckled, “Well, your chap stick is pretty lame.” 
	“Okay,” he smiled.  Wiping both lips with his shirt sleeve, he rose back to a sit and returned her a kiss. “How was that?” 
	“Better.”
	Robert took a seat in his truck, just as the sun was starting to crest over the horizon.  He clicked the ignition until the car’s electronics turned over.  The sniper skipped through the bandwidth of channels until coming to rest on the designated numbers.  Robert gulped, and clicked the volume up until the static on the line harassed his ears.  Derek swung open the passenger seat and sat. “What’s this about, Bobby?”
	Robert raised a finger, eyes on his watch as the time changed from 1759 to 1800.  The voice spoke up immediately. “This is Phoenix.  We have struck a serious blow to the undead.  But this city only contains a fraction of our enemies.” Robert’s heart skipped a beat when the tone rested against his ears. “Reaper continues to spread across the nation.  Our militia.  My troops travel north and east.  We will travel through every state.  We will save any who look to us for salvation.  And I promise this virus will be stopped one day.  How soon and whether you survive this war I cannot guarantee.  I have the arms and the supplies for my followers to defend themselves.  I travel north for Vegas first.  My men will relay messages every twelve hours on this bandwidth.  Good luck to all of you.”
	Derek turned back to Robert when the transmission ended.  The look on Rob’s face was pale. “Rob, what is it?”
	“Greer.” Robert said under his breath.
	“The Colonel?” Robert nodded his head. “That isn’t good.”
	“He offers a message of hope, but if he finds this camp he’ll kill everyone.”
	Derek nodded, “Let’s make sure he doesn’t.”

Day 14
Under Better Circumstance
 
	Two weeks in, already it seemed as though the outside world had evaporated from existence.  No calls came in for the kids working there, no planes or helicopters flew through the air.  Then again, the White Mountains weren’t really known for much air traffic before zombies arrived.  The infection had been confirmed in the Great Plains over a radio broadcast the night before.  What remained in a fire’s wake laid naught but smoke, ashes, and a dimly burning ember.
	Darkness rolled back as the eyes of Robert slowly drew open.  It was early, he could tell.  Usually when he woke there would be at least a trace of sunlight piercing his separated dorm.  Everything stood in night’s shadow.  A deep sight drew from Rob’s lips.  Sleeplessness had started to get in his head just as it did the others.  When the world was going to shit, how could anyone sleep peacefully?
	Rob was still a little drowsy when he lifted himself from the less than comfortable mat he used.  In the pitch black, his vision could determine outlines of furniture as it adapted.  But not until this morning did he realize how lonely the camp could be with so few people.  Twenty some-odd heads looked like a lot in good company, but spread out over a hundred acres it was still desolate.  Most now lived down at Meadowlark at night because the cabins were elevated and would allow for decent sleeping quarters.  And the best way to survive was to stick together.
	Robert may have had six or seven bunks filled next to him through the thin wall, but this confined space could have been as wide as an ocean.  Robert had spent a lifetime alone.  Just him and McGill for three to six week hikes into hostile territory.  It made him think about a past life, with bullets whizzing inches over his head.  He didn’t plan on living that way again, and there wouldn’t be another chance to hop on the plane after this epidemic. 
	Rob crept across the floor silently, another trait he mastered during his term of service.  He didn’t want to wake anyone but himself as he crossed several filled bunks to the south door.  Cool mountain air splashed onto his cheeks when Rob stepped onto the balcony.  A faded sky was slowly painting from jet black to a deep blue.  The forest canopy could be sketched a hundred yards away.  Every worry Robert felt over the last two weeks practically dissolved from his thought.  An air of amnesia, one would like to call it.  But the buzz had a kill when the strong aroma of burning tobacco polluted the breath. 
	“You’re up early,” Derek spoke, sitting a few feet away against the wall. 
	Robert had yet to close the door behind him. “You aren’t such a heavy sleeper either.” He took a seat beside his friend. 
	With a nod, Derek blew a set of smoke rings, taking advantage of both the windless night and the full moon’s illumination. “What are you up to on a morning as nice as this?” 
	“I would have asked you the same if you hadn’t beat me to it,” Rob considered what he was doing leaving a bed for another few hours tacked on his day.  At least he didn’t have to work. “Trying to forget, same as you.” 
	“I never said I was trying to forget,” Derek corrected him. “I was trying to remember.  But someone with your skills wouldn’t want to toss every memory out.  There’s still a few good ones left over, right?” 
	“You’ve lived a life much easier than mine, trust me.” Robert took the cigarette and puffed a cloud. “After seeing some things through my eyes, you might understand.  I hope it never comes to that…it changed me, for the worst in my opinion.” 
	“Still, I wouldn’t forget the traits that delivered me from hellholes on the other side of the world.” 
	“I’m reminiscing,” Robert shut his eyes.  Another nightmare of his past haunted him tonight, this one bearing a much more devastating effect to his mind.  It would be back again with time, he could already tell by the cliffhanger ending. 
	“We need to put up more defenses around camp.” 
	“We can’t handle that matter yet.”
	Derek coughed, “Wait, why?” He was perplexed to hear Robert slack his own defensive parameters. “What’s to say those things won’t be all over us by noon today?” 
	“The same reason they haven’t been here the last seven days.  This place is distant and remote from the average dead walker.  They’re more keen on chasing the ones running away in metropolitan areas.  Besides, it’s a free-for-all outside those gates.  One half of a population infected and the other half running around like Rambo with high calibers to make up for shoddy aim.  Law enforcement and government regulation makes up what, four percent of a population?” 
	“Four percent might be asking a little too much.” 
	“Every person with a badge and a gun is a painted target nowadays, outnumbered a hundred to one.  What stops Rambo from shooting anything that walks on two legs, living or dead?” Realizing his words after disregarding the profession of Derek’s daughter, Robert sighed. “Sorry.  I shouldn’t have said that.” 
	“Welcome to the world,” Derek answered without merit to the apology, “the world of anarchy.” 
	“Just like Iraq, if you ask me.  You can call it middle-east fever or whatever you like, but when foreign soldiers start patrolling your streets for a reason you don’t understand…well, you get the idea.” 
	“You don’t believe order can be restored?” 
	“At the rate this outbreak is sweeping it’s not possible.  Not to mention the extent necessary to prevent nothing.  If they’d dropped that bomb a day earlier, our problems might have all ended right then and there.” 
	“How long do you suggest we wait?” Derek asked. 
	Robert contemplated the question for a moment. “Lets wait a few weeks.  It’s a gamble either way.  If we were to go today, we’d probably be under a lot more fire but at least the supplies would be in store.  If we go later, we might end up trading off a less hostile environment and all the shelved might be empty.  I’m willing to take the risk and wait, rather than have us all burn through our ammo just to get from A to B.” 
	Derek nodded, “That’s why I trust you.”
	Robert could help but grin, “Why’s that?” 
	“Because I never would have considered the living population to be more of a threat than the plague among them.” 
	Rob scoffed, “I’m glad.  With all honesty, you’re the one I can rely on above everyone else.”
	“Two brothers in a hailstorm, huh?” 
	The two laughed past the statement, loud enough that Robert remembered the ones sleeping behind him.  He held up a finger to his lips, “Damn,” in a hushed voice, “we should tone it down.” Derek nodded, finishing the last drag from the cigarette before it would smoke the filter.  Robert noticed several stains of dirt and mud on Derek’s face, shirt, and arms. “How’s your suit looking?” 
	“I finished it up this morning, as you can tell.” Days earlier, Robert aided Derek in the art required to craft a ghillie suit.  Derek never went to sniper school.  He never made it into a military branch.  Not trained in combat situations or the factors in a long-distance shot.  But Robert knew where one walked silently, the company of a second could only help.  Since discharge, Rob had been missing a teammate and Derek seemed like the perfect candidate.  Over the last two years, they had strengthened a friendship that truly did morph into a brotherhood.  Both were there for each other when the other needed help, emotionally, physically, mentally…two brothers in the wake of hell’s fury. 
	“What do you say we break it in today?” Robert asked. 
	The remark brought a wide grin to Derek’s face. “I thought you’d never ask.  You’re the only one who could really critique my effort.  Where are we headed?” 
	“Just a hike along the 504.  I’ve been in need of a spotter.” Derek stammered. “Don’t worry, I’m not asking you to become something you have no training for.  I’ll teach you everything you need to know.  Half the time, I’ll be the one adjusting for the shot.  All I need from you is wind speed, direction, humidity, elevation, range of target, and the Earth’s rotation on a distant mark.” 
	Derek let out a deep breath. “Try not to make it sound too easy.” 
	Robert grinned, “I’m just messing with you.  Half of the things I said I know like the back of my hand.  Wind-speed, elevation, and humidity are easy enough to determine by the feel of your surroundings.  Range to target is guesswork every time.  Sometimes you need to compensate for the shot.  And the Coriolis effect is something I stopped worrying about a long time ago.  I never troubled myself with distant targets unless the tech was advanced enough to hit them.” He looked out at the tree line for a moment. “Go get your suit.  I’ll meet you at the gate in five.” 
	Six minutes later, the two were outside of the confines of protection.  The first time in six days they exited their new home.  Time passed slower than anyone truly realized.  A week living at work and not doing much beyond eating and sleeping didn’t elapse quickly.  Entertainment was a commodity that would soon outdate itself.  All the electronic devices would go out soon enough.  Music, games, movies, and television would be lost when the power ran dry.  Air conditioning would be out for the next sweltering summer and staying warm would require at least a cord or two of wood. 
	Water was their main concern, one that fell a day ahead of food.  It was several miles to the nearest lake/reservoir that could be followed by road.  The monsoons were bringing in a decent height of rainwater the camp could collect, but to cleanse water it needed to be boiled.  When the gas went out next, boiling it over an open flame would be the only real answer.  Drinking it wasn’t the only matter; personal hygiene was important, now more than ever.  About 25 people could survive 100 gallons over maybe a week or two, dividing it all up and setting limitations to showers.  But this was all still theory to Rob.  They had to do it to make sure it could be done before anything else rose premise. 
	Robert’s true motive to go on this hike was not to view Derek’s suit, but rather to escape the dull life camp had grown to be.  When there was no work to be done save for a little maintenance of the cabins, there wasn’t much else to do.  Since the TV wouldn’t be working in another week, the camp stopped using it.  Exercise, as much or little fun as it could be, still did more damage than good in this weather.  The heat averaged anywhere between 80 and 95 in the middle of August.  Even with some days showing a bit of humidity, the human body required more hydration with every degree warmer.  Nobody said anything about running in the rain, but everyone was smart enough to catch a cold any other way.
	When it came down to games and entertainment, the only replay value would come from cards or dominoes.  There were a few acoustic guitars that wouldn’t require any electronic intervention to operate.  A drum set was in the chapel, but nobody had any drumsticks or the technical rhythm required to make a beat.  Only the company of each other really helped speed the late afternoons into dusk.  But having worked with most of these people for the last two years, living with them became an adventure all its own.  Every adventure needed a break along the way.  A few hours leaving the camp under the charge of Chris couldn’t hurt, right?  Chris had been living on-site more than twenty years.  What was a couple of hours?
	Walking in the forest adjacent to the 504 made it feel a completely different setting.  On average, Robert paid attention to the road long enough to notice the fork to the camp.  A mile and a half down a dirt road, sometimes shooting through at sixty plus evaded the emerald glow of trees and tanned ground littered with trunks, branches, leaves, and shrubs.  Finally he had a chance to see the path to camp in a radically alternate view.  Ten minutes floated by as two human beings walked along a constantly morphing environment, appearing to be doused in vegetation like the forest had dropped from above.
	While Rob and Derek were covered from the neck down in grass, weeds, and leaves, their heads weren’t obscured by the same.  Rob saw Derek as a less than capable sniper at the moment.  He had a lot more body fat than muscle and in order to survive with the full suit, Derek needed to be baptized in the recon marksman’s world.  The fabric in the suit top was just as breathable as the rest of the suit, which wasn’t really saying much.  Up to fifty pounds of the environment on your back, along with a rifle, pistol, two boxes of ammo, and just a canteen made it feel more like a day back in PT than a hike up the road.  Luckily they weren’t carrying another hundred pounds of gear like the drill instructors made them do at Fort Benning. 
	Seventeen minutes passed before Rob arrived at the edge of the highway.  Derek was around fifty feet behind, and Rob was surprised he was keeping that close.  As soon as he arrived, Derek collapsed on the forest floor.  Robert grinned as he took a sip from his canteen. “Tired yet?” he asked playfully.
	Derek wiped his brow, stained with beads of sweat and moist dirt running down his face. “Damn, it’s hot.” Robert threw over the container, which Derek swallowed about half the contents in the moments he held it. 
	“Consider yourself the lucky one,” Rob replied. “I was working shifts in Iraq, wearing the full suit for anywhere from 9 to 16 hour days in 109 degrees.  Water ripped through us like a hurricane through Florida.”
	Derek let out a deep breath after gulping down the liquid.  It was barely six in the morning at a temperature that barely tapped 68 degrees Fahrenheit. “I never imagined it quite like this before.” 
	“Anyone who wants to be a sniper never expects it to be anything like it really is.  There was only one good day in my military career: the day I enlisted.  I saw everything go to shit straight from day two.  Gotta admit, it was still fun watching the ROTC pukes flunk from rookie mistakes.” 
	“Why did you even pick this career?  All you do now is badmouth every day you spent in there.”
	Rob dropped beside Derek, leaning against a tree. “I was dumb enough to think I could make a difference.  To be all I could be.  I imagined myself sending the one bullet that decided the outcome of a war…too late did I learn, that the world doesn’t run in the accuracy of a corrected scope.”
	“Do you regret the career you chose?” 
	Rob hesitated. “I don’t regret the skills I learned. I don’t regret signing my life away, thinking it was for a good cause.  The only thing I really regret is the length of service I chose.  I could have gone for two years, but back then I was interested in rank, pay raise, and travel.” He scoffed at the thought of it. “Look where it got me.” 
	“It got you here,” Derek replied, “with the rest of us.  Alive today.” Robert reflected on that without saying another word.  After a few moments passed in silence, Derek continued. “What would you have been if you didn’t enlist?” 
	Rob slid his jaw back and forth, thinking about it slowly. “I don’t know.  I never paid attention in school, I was only really there to hit on chicks and play football.  If it wasn’t this, after seeing everything I have…Alaskan crab fisher?” he guessed.  Derek burst out laughing. “What? I made an educated guess.  Deadliest Catch was the only interesting thing I ever watched.”
	“So catching crabs is your specialty, I suppose?” 
	Rob laughed. “No, but it’d be my preference over killing people any day of this life.  You’re one to talk.  As if nobody saw you coming to work with the scratch.” 
	“Some people weren’t meant to find love beyond the kind they already knew.” 
	“Is that meant to be a strike against me or you?” 
	Derek shrugged, “Maybe a little bit of both.” The two shared each other’s company throughout the morning.  Neither said it, but for the first time this highway laid out of sight of human activity.  It was starting to get boring, to tell the truth.  Nearing eleven, Derek let a radical thought cross his mind when his vision stopped at the gas station 50 meters or so away. “We should blow that up.” 
	Robert chuckled, “I’ll take that as a sign we’ve been here too long.” 
	“You want to do it just as much as I do.” 
	“That doesn’t dissuade the heat wave that’s still up here.  How about this: sometime this October we’ll come back and set it to blow.”
	“I’ll hold you to that,” Derek said with a grin. 
	“That place could come in pretty handy in the next few weeks.  We’re going to need a lot of gas to get what we need.” 
	Derek nodded. “You know, you never answered the one question I’ve been waiting for.” 
	“What’s that?” 
	“How well does my suit blend in?” 
	Robert had already left mental notes for whenever he raised the question verbally. “It looks like the first one I made: too evenly distributed.  You want to blend in, not make a rigid outline of yourself against the backdrop.  Good effort for the work that went into it, just needs a little refining.”
	Derek approved the grading from a master of the art.  The two retreated down the 504 slowly, sipping up the last of their water and trying their best not to exert themselves.  Robert recognized the cattle guard, and estimated they still had about three quarter miles to camp following the road.  Perhaps they’d cut off at the next bend and intersect with the northwest corner of the campus.  The thought drained from his mind when Derek raised another subject. “So Nicole seems to like you.” 
	Robert rolled his eyes. “How many times to I have to tell you I’m not looking for a relationship.” 
	“I’m not talking about a relationship, Bobby, I’m talking about getting you laid.” 
	Rob scoffed, “Aren’t you having enough trouble getting some yourself?  You’re not really the species that qualifies as a hookup.”
	Derek shook his head, “If anything, now’s the perfect time.  This whole outbreak, end-of-the-world is like a reset button, a chance to start over…clean slate.  You told me yourself you would have done things different--”
	“Don’t choke up my words to use against me--” Robert cut himself off shortly after interrupting Derek.  He heard something faint, and from the sound of it, large. 
	Robert stopped in place, Derek failed to notice him for a couple more strides. “Why, are you having a hard time swallowing them--” 
	“Shut up,” Robert said in a hushed voice.  His eyes lifted toward the sky to help him concentrate on the sound over the winds blowing treetops.  Derek made eye contact with him when he heard it too.  An engine of some sort. It might have been diesel, Robert predicted. “You hear it?” 
	Derek nodded. “Sounds like a truck.” The volume lowered for a moment, then suddenly started to grow exponentially louder. “Six o’clock.” Both men spun around, dropping to a knee and raising their rifles to the bend a hundred meters back.  Derek looked through his rifle scope with the first movement.  A recreational vehicle, a very large one to be specific.  Modern paint scheme and body, and barely wide enough to take up a highway all to itself.  He was amazed it was still on the 504.  In his mind, trucks that wide couldn’t make the slightest of turns without running over the corner and two pedestrians a block away all in the same turn. 
	The duo’s presence in the middle of the road didn’t go unnoticed.  The RV showed considerable deceleration.  A dust cloud behind it was starting to pepper the scopes with grains of dirt.  Neither of the two left their ground.  The 504 was their road from this point on.  Anything that used wheels and a motor attracted the undead, so any on this road needed to be inspected before it could be deemed friendly or hostile.  Ten feet short of the two beings, the vehicle stopped to idle.  Still paralyzed by fear of the unknown, the most Rob and Derek did was exchange a worried glance to one another. 
	The driver’s door slowly opened, allowing a Caucasian male to step onto the dirt.  Rob sized him up.  Six feet and one inch with blue eyes, thinning brown hair, and a build twice as healthy as Rob’s.  If it came down, the two would put up a good scuffle before this man would put him down.  Caldwell never had faith in a fistfight and most often he won those confrontations by a single mistake his opponent made.  Rob still had a rifle in hand, so he didn’t let that come to mind.  As this stranger got closer, Robert spotted worry flooding his brow.  He cautiously approached with his arms outstretched. “I don’t know who you are, but I don’t want to be an enemy.” 
	Derek threw Rob another glance that wasn’t returned to him this time.  Robert rose to his feet slowly. “Where are you coming from?” 
	“Flagstaff,” The man replied instantly. 
	Something had been clicking in the back of his head. “You look familiar, what’s your name?” 
	The man’s fearful look didn’t dissipate. “Jacob Warren.” 
	Rob recognized the name almost instantly, eyes wide as he questioned “Marine Corps?” 
	Jacob nodded his head. “Please, son.  My daughter is sick and we need a place to stay.  All these shootouts popping up all over the west coast, they hit Flag a couple days ago.” 
	Derek lifted himself without even using his hands, the first time he’d done so in a full ghillie suit with a loaded rifle in his arms.  Not until he was standing did he realize how much energy such a small movement cost. “Rob, what’s going on?” 
	Robert removed the rifle from his right hand before outstretching it to Jacob. “It’s an honor to meet you, Major.” 
	Jacob accepted the shake, but his worry mounted with every passing minute. “Do you have a doctor at the camp?” 
	“You’re a lucky guy,” Rob answered. “A surgeon found us two days ago.” Jacob outstretched an arm to Derek.  Derek glanced down at the open hand and hesitated a moment before gripping it in his own. “Welcome to the outpost.” Jacob’s face turned from worry to gratitude.  Robert stepped forward, “Where is your girl now?” The Major spun on his heels and quickly started for the passenger entrance a few yards back from the driver door. 
	Derek tapped Rob on the shoulder as they followed. “How is it you know a Marine Corps Major?  I thought you said you were Army.”
	“I was Army,” Rob reiterated. “This guy’s a mark legend regardless of the branch.  I saw him put two rounds within a millimeter, firing on a silver dollar 2000 meters away back when I was in training.” 
	“I don’t understand,” Derek said as Robert pulled himself into the cab. 
	“A lot of the branches manage to coexist to a point.  More often there’s only one school training 3 different sets of the same military occupation specialty.  For instance, military police from Army, Navy, and Marines often go to the same place to train.  You ever wonder why it takes so long for you to ship out after you enlist?” 
	Derek shook his head, “I’m just wondering why anybody would shoot a silver dollar in the first place.”
	Robert scoffed quietly.  Jacob was waiting at the end of the hall.  Robert started toward it with Derek close behind.  Through the hallway, it opened into a bedroom.  On the bed sprawled from one corner to the other, a young girl laid still.  Her eyes were closed, which brought Jacob to feel a little better.
	He leaned over, brushing some of the brown hair from her forehead before kissing her ever so lightly. “I love you, Ally,” he whispered in her ear.  Robert noticed this was a very peculiar sickness.  Her skin was pale as a ghost and her body frequently shook from what appeared to be minor seizures.  Beyond that, the essence of the bedroom’s freshener didn’t stamp out the invasive odors of vomit and feces.  He examined the beauty of her face and her frail figure, and it brought a tear to his eye.
	“How did this happen?” Robert asked, wiping the tear from his eye while turning away from the room.  He didn’t want a superior officer to see him crying over a stranger he’d barely met.
	“She was fine when we left.  I was filling up the tank when some punk broke in the camper.  He might have been carrying something, he looked really bad…and that was before the .357 that put him down.  Alyssa only got a scratch down her arm.” Rob clenched his eyes and teeth shut upon hearing the word ‘scratch.’ “She started vomiting when we got into Holbrook.” 
	Rob knew exactly what was happening: this beautiful young lady was at the mercy of fate itself.  She was dying in front of her father, who was desperately trying to find a cure that didn’t exist…at least not since the nuke wiped out half of LA.  He slid his eyes open, turned, and patted Jacob on the shoulder. “Get in the seat, start driving.  About a mile up the road, you’ll see that the road splits off to the right.  Down that turn, you’ll find the front gate to our camp.” 
	Without another word, Jacob took his seat at the controls.  Robert pressed his hand over his face, covering up the sorrow he knew he was about to inflict.  He doubted he’d be able to stare himself in the mirror again after today.  Derek stepped alongside him. “You do realize she’s infected, right?” 
	Robert looked down the hall to the condemned teen once again. “Yes,” he said as his vision distorted from wetted eyes. 
	“What the hell are you doing?” 
	“I’m making it easier for him,” Robert forced from his lips. 
	“How do you expect this to change anything?” 
	Rob didn’t have any answer Derek wanted to hear. “It probably won’t.  But what would you rather do?  I can’t just let this man keep driving, unaware that his baby girl is going to die and there’s nothing he can do to stop it.  He needs to know she can’t be saved.” 
	“What says he’s going to believe a word you say?  How do you know he won’t turn that revolver on you when you tell him she has no options?”
	“Stop asking me questions, D!” Robert said in a silent yet hoarse tone. “This is hard enough as is without you getting on my ass.” 
	“I’m just asking…is this really the best way to handle it?” 
	Robert looked out a window as the forest passed them by. “This is the only to handle it.” 
	The trailer turned onto the turnoff leading straight to the camp.  At the front gate Chris, Ben, and Terrence all held loaded weapons, but not one was sure if he could do what was necessary.  Fortunately it didn’t come close to that point.  Chris spotted the unmistakable vegetation of Robert’s suit as he stepped out of the RV.  After closing the door, he pointed at Terrence, “Open it up.” 
	Jacob guided the massive vehicle inside the gate of the camp.  It was almost surreal.  This was the largest motorized ground vehicle to enter the complex since charter busses had taken all the campers back to their homes a few weeks prior.  To think this camp only saw ground traffic was a common fallacy.  At least once a year, a helicopter with Search and Rescue landed on site, sometimes even a military grade UH-60.  Under Derek’s directions, the driver continued straight, passing the chapel before turning onto a driveway that stopped just short of the navajo building. 
	Chris didn’t hesitate to speak his mind once the RV passed by. “What’s this supposed to be, Bob?  Friend of yours?” 
	“This isn’t our first run in, I can tell you that much.  And he’s a friend you’d want long before Justin or Carl.” 
	“I don’t waste time making friends as long as I’ve been here.  I figure I’ll be out of the picture soon enough.  But I’m curious, anyway.  Why’d you let him in?  You say the zombies can hear loud motors, I heard that thing from Forest Lakes.” 
	Rob let out a deep breath. “I’m trying to do the right thing…I’m just trying to figure out if it’s the wrong way to do it.  We can use that RV for extra storage on the longer trips to collect supplies.  And if you heard him from Forest Lakes, your hearing’s obviously fucked because he came from Flag.” 
	“Don’t make excuses.  What do you mean right thing, wrong way?” 
	“Stop treating me like I still work for you, Chris,” Rob turned to the offensive. “If it wasn’t for me, half of the people here wouldn’t be alive right now.  There’s two people on that rig…and one of them is going to be dead by sunset anyway.”
	“What?” Ben interjected.  Terrence also asked the question not a split second later. 
	Robert knew it needed to be said, but he was tentative of how the three sets of eyes focused on him would react. “His daughter was infected a couple hours ago.” Both of the elders shook their heads in disbelief. “She started showing symptoms of the virus when they were in Holbrook.” 
	Chris’ jaw was on the floor. “You didn’t just bring an infected host to our doorstep, you invited them in for coffee and donuts too?  I thought you were the one who said things like this couldn’t happen.  What the hell were you thinking?” 
	“Apparently I wasn’t!” Rob shot back. “I was just trying to be decent in a world where no one else would.  If you saw the look in that man’s eyes, you’d know why I chose this way.  He sees her suffering and he doesn’t know what to do.  I couldn’t turn them away. He’s lost everything…he just doesn’t know it yet.”
	“This could have killed us all.” Chris stated in a demeaning tone of authority.
	Robert clenched his teeth. “What if it were Audrey?  Would you want to know the truth?  Or would you deny it, keep dosing her up with antibiotics while you watch her die.  Could you bear to witness her endure that much pain with no hope for a tomorrow.” Chris was about to respond, but held his tongue.  He was baffled by the true answer that dangled on his tongue, but didn’t speak it aloud.
	“Who’s going to tell him?” Terrence asked. 
	Chris started back toward his usual hangout of the maintenance yard. “Three guesses, not one of them is me.” As the three men left Rob alone, the full impact of the day seemed to weigh down his entire body heavier than his suit. 
	Six minutes later found Robert stepping into the chapel.  Jacob was waiting there, as Daniel requested to check up on his daughter alone.  Of all the people he thought would be religious, Jacob was the last on his list.  But head down, arms folded, speaking quietly to himself only made it harder for Rob to tell him what was happening, and what needed to happen. “Major Warren,” he spoke when it appeared Jake was finished. 
	The former Marine glanced back, “That was a past life, Robert.  Don’t waste your time spitting out rank.  Out of uniform we’re both equal.” 
	Rob looked down at the ground. “There’s something I need to tell you…and it’s going to be hard to hear.” 
	Jacob jumped from his seat, “What’s wrong?  Is Ally okay?” 
	As the man got within breathing distance of him, Rob looked up.  He couldn’t hold such an important thing back. “No, she’s not.” Jacob started for the nurse’s office where she was being treated.  Robert gripped one of Jake’s arms before he stepped out of the door. “There’s nothing you can do.” 
	Jacob wrestled his arm free, but froze at the door upon hearing this. “Why?  Has Daniel seen this kind of sickness before?” 
	“One occasion: the host wasn’t alive…but it wasn’t dead either.” 
	Jacob closed his eyes. “How can you be sure?” he was obviously trying to hold back tears. “There must be a cure of some kind.” 
	“If there was a cure, it doesn’t exist anymore.” 
	Jacob drew his pistol and spun about, pressing the barrel to Robert’s head. Rob didn’t flinch. “No.” He spoke in a calm and composed tone but his face was blooming red with sorrow. “You’re not going to tell me I can’t save Ally.  Why did you even bring us here?” His eyes were welling and his temples flared, a sign of clenched teeth.
	“Because I knew you wouldn’t know until it was too late.  I don’t like to tell you this, but nobody can save her in this life.” 
	Jacob started to squeeze the trigger. “Why aren’t you scared?” 
	Rob pushed the barrel against his own brow. “Ever since I got back from the Army, I’ve had nothing to live for.  My job in war was to kill other people.  My job as a member of this camp is to kill more people…ones who I previously swore to protect.  You pulling the trigger right now isn’t going to change the course of events that have been laid out.  Fate hasn’t been kind to any of us, Jacob.  The only thing I can stress is that every minute longer she holds on, the more painful it’s going to be for her.” 
	Jacob pulled the trigger.  Robert flinched as an empty click passed rather than the full brute detonation of a 357. “You’d better thank your God for the chance I gave you.” 
	“The weapon wasn’t loaded to begin with,” Robert replied. “I know you better than you think.  And I know you’d only want what’s best for her.” 
	The young Marine turned around and continued, “Does she know yet?” 
	“Not yet.  I can have someone--” 
	“Don’t start,” Jacob said as he pushed through the door. “If anyone’s going to tell my baby girl she’s gonna die, it’s me.” 
	Robert watched as Jacob disappeared around the corner.  Once out of visual contact, he leaned against the music booth and slid into a seat.  Rob pressed his palms over his face.
	Jacob reached the health station in two minutes.  En route, he filled his Blackbird with six rounds.  He didn’t intend to use them, but he would if Daniel made this any harder.  Jake stepped into the office.  He spotted Daniel through the glass separator to his left.  Through the opposite window, he saw his little girl.  Her eyes were closed, and she looked comforted.  Daniel glanced up to see who had stepped in.  As soon as he realized it was Jacob, the surgeon jumped to his feet. 
	Daniel stepped out of the office, holding an outstretched arm toward him. “I take it Robert told you what’s happening.” 
	Jacob clenched his teeth, giving his girl another look through drained eyes. “Yes,” 
	“I gave her some antibiotics to fight the infection and kill some of the pain, but it’s an uphill fight.  Last week, I was getting a few cases where people were infected with this.  During autopsy, it was learned that many vital organs had been deteriorated during the later half of the infection.” 
	“Is she showing signs like that?”
	“Not yet.  CDC confirmed from the moment the virus is introduced to the body, it can take as little as thirty minutes and no longer than six hours before death occurs.” 
	“Could this be a mistake on your part?  Maybe there’s some other disease that looks very familiar to this one.” 
	“I have to tell you, this isn’t really a virus.  It’s a synthetic biological weapon. Anyone exposed to it has no hope of survival.” 
	Jacob raised his pistol. “Step back, Danny.  Do us both a favor.” 
	Daniel raised his arms.  The action scared him shitless.  Never before did he have a gun pointed at him. “Look, Jake.  I’m a pacifist, I try to save people.  But there’s nothing even I can do for Alyssa short of a lethal injection.”
	“Back off!” Jacob screamed, gripping the weapon in two hands. “You’re all wrong!” 
	Robert had been following Jacob from the chapel, worried that he would do something drastic.  In all honesty, his predictions becoming actualities were starting to piss him off. “Drop it!” He screamed from behind Jacob, holding his own pistol.
	Jacob kept his aim on Daniel who had decided not to move. “Stay out of this, Rob!”
	“I can’t, Jake. You’re one of us now.” 
	“I don’t want to be one of you!” he turned around and aimed his handgun at Rob. “Not if this is what it takes!  I hope you’re worried now, I took care to load it.” 
	“So did I!” A full minute passed in silence as the two stared each other down.  Both had the other’s forehead aimed down the iron sights, all either would need was a small bit of force to eject a bullet.  Jacob’s gaze was cut as he turned to see his daughter in her bed, woken by a severe cough.  The Marine lowered his weapon, sprinting to her side.  As he knelt beside her, several splatters of red stained the sheets she used to cover her mouth.  Jacob stared at the blood in anguish, unable to accept the fact that she truly was going to die. 
	Alyssa caught a glimpse of her father, and managed a weak smile.  Jacob returned it to her through his demoralized character. “Hey, Ally,” he managed to say without his voice breaking. “How do you feel?” 
	“A lot better now.  The medic gave me some painkillers.” Jacob wiped a drop of blood from Alyssa’s lips.  He couldn’t look into her eyes again without weeping. “What’s wrong?” 
	Jacob took a deep breath. “You’re dying.” 
	Alyssa nodded, taking the statement as if it didn’t mean anything to her. “I figured as much.” She coughed, staining her pale hand with another splatter. “Everything’s been behind closed doors since we got here.  Do they know what it is?” 
	Jacob nodded. “Same thing turning everything to hell.  That guy who scratched you must have been infected.” 
	Alyssa became worried, “Have you been contaminated?” 
	Robert had been listening from around the corner. “No.  We’ve been able to determine that infection can only be transferred after the host is dead.” 
	“How long do I have?” Jacob started to mourn silently when Alyssa accepted her fate.
	Robert sighed. “You were infected a couple of hours ago, so anytime between now and four o’clock.” 
	“How much will it hurt?” 
	“It’s going to be one of the most painful experiences.” Daniel said. “I watched an infected host die…no person should have to suffer such a violent death.” 
	Alyssa held hands with Jacob.  He looked into her eyes as she next spoke. “Then I don’t want to.” 
	Jacob nodded. “No matter what happens…I love you more than anything in this world.” His voice finally broke.  Robert knew that every person had a breaking point.  Twenty plus years in a military career may have made one look invincible on the battlefield, but beneath the surface he was still flesh and bones. 
	Alyssa turned to Rob and Daniel. “I need a few moments alone with my father.” Both of the two turned on the spot, and rather than just walking into the office, they stepped outside completely
	Daniel slid a cigarette out from above his ear upon hearing Rob close the door. “Are you starting to regret this?” 
	“What?” Rob asked. 
	Daniel scoffed, “What do you mean, what?  You just told a Marine that his daughter’s been condemned.  He pulled a gun on me trying to deny it.” 
	“Don’t think you get special treatment.  He pulled that gun on me, too.  Just thank God he only pulled the trigger when it was put to my head.  And no, I don’t regret what I did.  He needed to know, so I told him.” 
	Jacob stepped out of the building a few seconds later.  He wiped the wetness from his face. “She doesn’t want to wait this out, she asked for someone to end it for her.  I need to be the one who does this.” 
	Robert put his hand on Jake’s shoulder. “Are you sure you want a responsibility like that?” 
	Jacob nodded. “I need to do it.” 
	Daniel interjected. “I think this is a mistake.  Nobody knows how you’ll respond if you--” 
	“I’ve murdered hundreds of people, watched dozens of teammates die in combat.  I was a Marine until my wife left.  That’s when Ally became my life.  I don’t want it to be this way, but if it must, I want her to know that I took the responsibility necessary to end her torment.”
	Robert keyed in over the radio, “Derek, this is Rob, do you copy?” 
	A couple seconds drifted by. “Go ahead, Rob.” 
	“Bring my truck to the nurse’s office.  We’re going ahead with the plan A.” 
	A patch of Earth a mile further up the 504 was chosen.  It wasn’t a built grave, just a mesh of twigs, felled pine needles, and stumps among a forest of green.  In a matter of minutes, the dirt would be stained with death.  She would have been mercifully killed back at the camp, but Rob knew such an act would only spread sorrow from Jacob to the other campers.  As few people who needed to know would.  The rest would find out the steps that had been taken to ensure their safety in time. 
	Rob and Derek sat in the front seat while Jacob held the nearly dead body of Alyssa in his arms.  The two whispered parting words to each other that neither Rob nor Derek heard.  Unsure of how this would end, Derek glanced over at Rob from the passenger seat.  Rob only managed eye contact for a short time.  He was focused on the road ahead of him and the journey this would start.  Jacob was a veteran who’d survived more than 4 different campaigns in his career…but this would be the true moment of his inception or his destruction. 
	Rob stopped the vehicle on the side of the road at a small clearing.  He let the engine idle as Jacob embraced Alyssa tightly. “We’re here,” he said after a moment.  Derek stepped out of the truck first, opening the back door for Jacob to step out.  The Marine held her in his grip without a sign of physical weakness.  Tears streamed from his eyes as she spoke to him again. Somehow, through the emotional anguish, his breath remained steady.  In the softest place, he lowered her onto her knees. “Don’t worry, Ally.” 
	The young girl would have cried, but the moisture was already drained from her eyes, leaving them bloodshot around the deep blue iris.  The two maintained the same handhold of one another through it all.  Jacob lifted the heavy revolver from its makeshift holster in the back of his jeans.  Not the weight of the gun made him shake.  His grip trembled as he slid the hammer back into position.  Rob and Derek diverted their view by staying on the other side of the truck.  They expected the deafening launch of the magnum’s powerful barrel in the next few seconds.  Jacob pressed the cannon against the back of Alyssa’s scalp.  She shut her eyes in anticipation of the blast…but it didn’t come. 
	“I can’t do this,” Jacob finally admitted out loud.  Robert was expecting to hear that more than the gunshot. 
	“Dad, please,” Alyssa insisted. 
	“I thought I could end the life of the person I loved most…I was wrong.” 
	Derek arrived at Jacob’s side, “I’ll do it.” He volunteered, sliding the handgun out of the Marine’s hand and securing it in his own. “No father should have to watch his child die.” Jacob fell to a knee facing his daughter.  She was so weak her head could barely stay up. 
	Alyssa opened her eyes, “Do you remember that I promise I asked of you?” 
	Jacob nodded, “I’ll never forget it.” 
	Derek pressed the gun to Alyssa’s head. “I’m sorry, Jacob, but we’re out of time.” It was a lie, Derek admitted to himself.  Alyssa still had at least another hour before her death.  He just couldn’t bear to witness this much love being separated from one being and being incinerated from another.  Jacob embraced his daughter tightly.  As he removed his arms from around her, he departed with a final kiss to her cheek.  Robert waited by the driver door.  When Jacob stepped around the front of the truck, he tried to speak.  Jacob cut him off with a wave of his hand.  With that, he started to run, breaking into a sprint a moment later.  Robert watched in anguish.  He didn’t think a soldier even of the Major’s experience would fully recover from this scar.  A blade had pierced his heart only enough to let the blood trickle out and cause a slow death from within. 
	Derek felt his breath getting unsteady.  He was about to pull the trigger, and execute a living being.  It wasn’t an act of self-defense or reasons of survival, but rather pity for a doomed soul.  He clenched the revolver’s grip in his hand, pushing it roughly against her head. “Have you prayed?” 
	Alyssa whimpered. “Yes,” she spoke silently.  Without another word, Derek did what he enlisted to do.  A hundred meters down the road Jacob, who had been sprinting away from the death he couldn’t bear to witness, stopped as the gunshot echoed through the forest.  As if all the muscle evaporated from his feet, he fell to his knees and arms, mourning the one person he wanted to save but couldn’t… 

Day 23
Consumed 

	Just over a week had passed since Robert granted Jacob and his daughter access to the camp.  Jacob hadn’t spoken a word to anyone since his daughter’s merciful execution.  Robert didn’t know what his counterpart was feeling, he’d never suffered loss that even compared to losing a child.  It was a feeling he never wanted to suffer through.  Luckily, there weren’t any unplanned accidents in high school.  Well, there might have been, but he disappeared into the military.  The way he lived his life, Robert had a tough enough time taking care of himself.  No reason to make a family when one was constantly anticipating their own end.  Perhaps Robert didn’t know how similar his thought-process ran to many individuals…but that was the old world. 
	The fourteenth day left a scar that wouldn’t heal in Jacob’s mind.  Robert also felt colder since their paths crossed.  He’d been the one who informed the Marine what was going to happen regardless of their actions.  Every time he looked in Jake’s eyes, he could see the man was still in pain.  Some of those times, Robert thought he saw resentment.  From the moment he arrived, Jacob was forced to give up everything.  Nobody at this camp had been through near the dealings Jacob dealt and survived to deal again.  If the plan went off without a hitch, nobody else would need to.  But only a sufferer could understand the suffering entirely. 
	Robert went to watering his section of the crop.  An employment he did once a week.  The rest was filled with morning, night, and midnight patrols.  Occupations he’d helped create using his plan of survival.  They had a small inventory of perishable foods remaining in the freezer and fridge.  The supply of coffee, soda pop, and snacks had all but dried up in the first two weeks after they moved in.  Thankfully, the camp had set up water collection points using tarps and storm drains.  Once it was purified, it was stored in the empty walk-in fridge.
	Courtney was smarter than Chris had originally taken her for.  After the staff had come to a mutual agreement never to leave the camp, she had taken it upon herself to find food that would spoil faster.  Since most of the electricity had gone out the day before today, a lot of staffers were reluctant to see thirty pounds of foods go to the dumpster.  Cutting back on energy expenses wasn’t necessary, but more in the collective interest of another week’s air conditioning. 
	At the moment, Courtney was making a salad in the dining hall.  She’d dropped a lot of weight in the past month, having cut most of the sugars and carbohydrates from her diet.  There weren’t going to be any more deliveries.  Now was the time to adjust, cut down on food intake, and let the crops take the weight of feeding twenty-five people.  As a collective, they were grateful that no diabetics, gluten-free, or disabled persons were among their ranks. 
	The head chef took a bite, savoring a sweet tomato.  A foreign sound flooded her ears a moment later.  Before she knew it, she was jogging to the door to find the source of the sound.  Her eyes scanned the blue sky of a rising sun.  The sound was of a four-engine turboprop military grade air transport.  Mitch departed from the kitchen, obtaining first visual of a C-130 Hercules plane as it flew only a few hundred feet off the ground.  The engines’ sound roared overhead, reverberating and bringing some surfaces to vibrate.  Robert stepped out of Texas cabin, where he spotted the plane directly overhead.  It wasn’t alone, discerned by a number of similar outlines in the west.  The last of military withdrawals, many would assume.
	Several squadrons flew over the camp, oblivious to the living beings on the ground.  Mitch counted upwards of fifteen planes in a frame of three minutes.  Their formation was arrowed and staggered in case of a ground attack.  Among the large transport aircraft, a number of smaller F-15 fighter planes were providing escorts.  Seeing so many reminders of a past life, Mitch smiled.  In fact, almost everyone in the camp was able to see the silver lining in one thing: the world wasn’t dead yet.  Maybe it wouldn’t die in the end after all. 
	Robert let his hearing return after the roar of the fighters’ engines subsided.  He, along with several others, had missed the radio traffic Melanie had sent over the two-way.  When static finally caught his ear, along with the sound of his name, he grabbed the mike. “This is Rob, who called?” 
	“It’s Mel,” she spoke clearly. “I’ve been migrating the dish to different satellites in orbit.  I didn’t think I’d get anything until now.” 
	“What’s going on?”
	“I picked up a live feed from Florida.” Before Robert asked another word, he was greeted to the sight of several people running for the other end of the camp.
	Reluctantly, he got on the radio, “We’re on the way.” Within five minutes of Robert’s arrive at the dining hall with many other, Melanie and Daniel had already constructed a stable connection to the feed being bounced off a satellite.  All a bunch of technical know-how that Rob didn’t know how and probably never would.  Derek might have been able to help being a computer repairman for a fraction of his past life. 
	Daniel hooked the television set into a plug in.  After a few moments of white static, the mutual eyes of the camp staff were focused on the single screen.  Jacob didn’t pay mind.  He’d heard enough in the first two minutes that Melanie found the signal.  Just a bunch of dead people fighting not dead people fighting living people.  Strange words to be thinking.  It didn’t really get much more complex than that, however.
	Robert’s eyes came into focus.  Onscreen, a live feed from a cameraman showed the feed reading at 12:32 in the afternoon.  A glance back at his watch, it was the same thirty two minute mark but a few hours behind.  Indeed it was going out live.  A voice spoke loud and clearly, the camera focusing on the narrator of the sequence.  The reporter pointed his arm across a humvee.  Three uniformed soldiers nearby were firing shots down range.  It looked like the government had finally managed to get something right. 
	“In the next five minutes,” the reporter said, “they’re pulling us out of the combat zone.” He looked up at the skyscrapers and multiple cranes littering the city. “Strange to see Florida in this shape.” Several buildings were lit on fire, every street had multitudes of undead traversing the roads, and gunfire peppered throughout every block. “The military has authorized the use of deadly force on anyone who crosses the CDC’s cordon. 
	“Evacuations are being handled across the east coast as I speak.  With the latest projections, we’ve been able to confirm upwards of fifty million infected over the last three weeks.” Everyone’s heart sank at the realization of it.  A sixth of the United States’ population calculated dead and reanimated. “A screening process is necessary to be allowed on evacuation transports.  Planes are leaving for the United Kingdom, France, Italy and Russia.” The reporter glanced up, the camera’s lens following him and showing the sight.  Three times as many commercial airliners were in the airspace, some taking flight and others landing.  The reporter chuckled. “It’s an amazing sight.  There’s flights coming in from Canada and South America to assist evacuations.”
	The reporter continued reporting despite the gunfire being heard only a few yards away. At one point, the camera turned to face the direction of the fire.  Two hundred sets of golden eyes and crimson-stained lips walked unsteadily in their direction.  Robert noticed the one take a bullet to the chest and not falter.  A living being who took a shot like that would be on the ground with a hole in his heart.  These monsters didn’t need internal organs to operate.  Their only purpose was to manifest and spread the disease.  Their purpose had found itself with the staggering number represented.  Such odds put the military at a disadvantage, as if they weren’t already.  Undoubtedly, companies had been separated with the rapid and virulent spread of the virus.  Communications and electronics were falling off the grid on a national scale. 
	From another angle, several gunshots echoed through the speakers.  The reporter instinctively ducked. “Shit,” he swore.  The report was authentic, with nobody controlling the censor button from an office. “We’re being fired upon from the opposite direction,” He rose his head, “they look like civilians.  Civil was has broken out between military resources and civilians trapped in the quarantine zone.  I wasn’t expecting this to happen.” 
	“We’re pulling out!” A marine screamed from out of the camera’s view. 
	The reporter jumped into the back seat of one of the humvees.  Hopping in right beside, the lens was focused on the truck’s upholstery for a moment.  Corrections were soon made, and the camera pointed out a window. Robert watched as several sights he faintly remembered as a kid whipped by.  The virus didn’t hit close to home very hard until Rob was staring at his home state through a live report.
	Over the next five minutes, Rob and the others watched the humvee rip through the streets at a high velocity.  The camera tilted up slightly, the occupants able to view a Boeing 747 land on the runway of Miami International Airport.  The tarmac was exceeding max occupancy of airliners on the ground.  Every terminal was loading up passengers, every gate of every concourse with an aircraft lined up to the boarding tunnels.  Another airliner lifted off from an adjacent runway, disappearing into the mess of spots in the air.
	The report signified the importance of these evacuations. “A city of five million people, everyone trying to get off the land and away from these things.  And there’s probably another million emigrated from the west.  It’s been hell through every city the plague has struck.  Now we’re backed up to the Atlantic Ocean.  I don’t have a rate of how fast the evacuation planes are lifting off, but there’s roughly four hundred passengers to a full-sized airliner.  Cruise ships, freighters, and other watercraft are also trying to assist with evacuation of civilian personnel from the contaminated area.” 
	Robert shook his head, “This doesn’t look promising at all.” Something ominous was creeping on the camera’s broadcast. 
	The driver of the truck turned the vehicle directly onto the tarmac.  As he pulled to a stop beside another airliner, an amass of gunfire released.  The marines and camera crew dropped to the deck when they heard the shots.  Barely a moment passed before the cameraman was lifting the lens to face the direction of the shots.  Upwards of a dozen men armed with assault rifles, engaging soldiers from the gate a hundred feet away.  The squad leader turned to the reporter. “Get on the plane,” he ordered. “We’ll hold them off.” 
	The reporter didn’t argue, signaling the camera operator to lead the way.  Eyes watching the television were greeted by the sleek interior of a British Airways Boeing commercial airliner.  Both men took a seat only a few rows up, being the only two empty seats left.  Barely stepping in, the door was shut and sealed behind them. 
	The reporter glanced out the window. “You can see that a lot of people are angry, being shunned from evacuation.”
	Inside the cockpit, the story was entirely different.  The captain sent traffic over the radio. “British Airways flight two-niner-six to Miami Tower, we’re fully loaded and ready for immediate takeoff.”
	“Roger that,” One of the Air Traffic Controllers replied with a precise voice.  His eyes glanced down at the computer screen.  This was the most the airport had the capacity of in its history.  So many planes needed to take off right now.  Upwards of twenty were waiting in line. “There’s a long line to wait,” 
	“Negative, Tower,” the pilot replied. “The marines called in gunfire in close proximity.  We need to get off the ground now.” 
	“Understood,” the ATC took a glance a little too short for his own good. “Southwest four-eight-one, hold position for liftoff, repeat.” 
	“Southwest four-eight one copies all,” the pilot of another plane replied instantly. 
	The Air Traffic Controller glanced out the window, seeing the far edge of the tarmac where the muzzle flashes of assault rifles sparkled. “British Airways two-niner-six, 
clear for takeoff on runway one-two, over.” 
	“Copy, Tower, BA two-niner six en route.” 
	Only a few steps away, a more concentrated Air Traffic Controller had failed to understand the new employment.  Southwest 481 was expected to be half way down the runway by now.  Instead, an international flight was barely pulling onto the tarmac. 
	“Tower to United Airways three-zero-four,” he spoke, remembering the flight by name without a computer’s reference. “Landing vector west on runway two-seven confirmed.” Little did either know, they’d set up a collision course.  A small failure to communicate could result in the most devastating effect.
	Robert watched the television screen.  The notable shaking of a plane taking off was visible through the scope.  Over the sound of jet turbines, the reporter’s voice was barely audible.  Rolling down the two-mile long airstrip, the nose of the craft felt itself lift off the asphalt.  The pilot checked his instruments a moment before scanning the airspace ahead of him.  Too late did he notice the incoming plane. 
	“UA three-zero-four, pull up!” The second controller screamed into the radio, spotting the imminent crash through the window.  But it was too late.  By the time either pilot saw or heard what was happening, the massive aircraft were already shredding into each other.  The flight lifting off the had the fuselage ripped through.  Everyone watching the live feed witnessed the fireball that engulfed the screen and the black smoke that followed.  Only a split second passed, with the screams of horrified passengers heard to every ear.  The camera lost its grip, spinning in the air for a moment.  In a successive burst upon impact with the ground, flames expanded into the passenger compartment.  White static filled the screen in that instant and the horrifying screams cut abruptly, blocking the carnage from outsider view. 
	The show had left a scar in everyone’s psyche.  A small error made in one of the most important places.  Evacuations from Miami International would be at the whim of a crash, devastating at least two of their runways.  Seeing the damage done to the flight the camera crew had boarded, none were believed to have survived something so brutal and quick.  If nothing else, it was quick.  Jacob approached the television, clicking it off. “There’s nothing more to see here,” he said.
	Feeling no use standing about, Robert stepped out of the building.  He dropped down, sitting on the hard pavement with his boots in the grass.  How could one compare the shit-storm the initial outbreak had caused to the devastation on the other side of the country?  Fifty million infected…and that was only in the states.  If the governments of the world didn’t unite to eliminate this threat, it would eventually eliminate them.  Kill or be killed, rules of every third-world country on earth had been adapted into the society of America in only three weeks.  And there was a lot of being killed to cope with.
	Rob stared into the peaceful landscape of the camp.  Everyone, for the most part, returned to work.  However the scene depicted moments earlier stuck to everyone like glue.  The first actual report from an authentic source in more than two weeks since everyone’s assimilation into the outpost.  The climax of the report didn’t bear a resolution, just a blank screen and the distant screams of souls burning alive.  His moment of grief was swallowed firsthand when the captain stepped up at his side. 
	“You doing okay?” Brooke asked, lowering herself to a seat beside him. 
	Rob nodded. “I’ve been through worse than a telecast.  It’s everyone else I’m worried about.”
	Brooke brushed her hair with a couple fingers. “I’m not going to lie, that scared me.  I’ve never seen a plane crash from the inside before.” 
	“That’s a generous statement to make.  I guess you don’t have to worry about it anymore.” 
	Fowler scoffed at the gesture. “You may have already noticed this, but our camp doesn’t really have very good defenses to keep these ‘zombies’ out.” 
	“I did notice that,” Robert informed her. “It’s just finding people willing to stick their neck out to go get barriers.  Outside of those gates, it’s gotta be a whole different playing field.” 
	“What do you expect to find out there?”
	“Three divisions of people. One third infect, another third running from the infected, and the last taking advantage of social disorder.  It’s not the zombies that scare me, Brooke.  It’s the living people willing to shoot without premise.” 
	“I never thought I’d hear you say you’re scared of something,” Brooke looked into Rob’s eyes.  He returned her an indifferent look. 
	Robert twisted one of his wrists. “Everyone’s afraid of something.  It just took me a while to figure out it would be the people I swore to defend all those years ago.  Since 
my second year in combat, I was never scared of dying.  I was never as scared in Iraq as I am here.” 
	“What makes you so scared,” Brooke asked. 
	Robert paused, thinking how to word it. “Because this whole thing we’ve got going…I hope it lasts and we don’t see anything but the usual undead once in a while.  Maybe we’ll be able to live out here for twenty years or so…but people are going to start dying.” 
	Fowler shook her head. “Bobby, please don’t say that.” 
	Rob shook his head, “It’s true, ma’am.  Soon enough someone will get sick, someone will have an accident, someone will get poisoned by the flora and fauna.  I pray to God those are the only reasons.” 
	“One who only expects death is going to find it.” Brooke may have been quoting, but the source was lost on Rob.
	“The world is dead, Brooke.  What else should I expect?  Because I already know what I’m going to find.  The same things I saw in Ramadi, Tikrit, Kosovo, and all those other places I can’t even pronounce right. ‘The only constant in life is death,’ isn’t it?” 
	“Change, Bobby.  The only constant in life is change.” Brooke corrected. 
	“Lots of big changes if you haven’t noticed.” 
	She wrapped one of her arms Robert’s elbow.  Her attempt to pull him in close wouldn’t be declined. “I’m glad you’re here.  You’ve been like a son in the year that I’ve been here.” 
	“Speaking of?” 
	“Last I heard, he was on a vacation in Paris somewhere.” Her thoughts dwelt on her lineage that was thousands of miles away currently. “But, as I was saying…you’ve always been there for everyone else.  You’ve always been the shoulder to cry on,” she gestured toward Nicole, Savannah, and Angela.  All three had been distraught more or less about the fate of their families.  They never got through to any of them with the lines so tied up, and had to consider them gone.  Strange when everyone you used to know suddenly disappeared from your life.  Accepting the separation from people they were born to, birthed, or lived with until this point was the key to cutting all losses. “Just like Eric.”
	Robert put his head against hers, the two swung slowly from one side to the other. “It’s nice to feel like I belong.”
	“Why haven’t you ever before?” 
	“This just used to be work for me. I didn’t have a tie in the world, a nice and secluded half acre of nothing but me and the forest.  All I had were bad memories of times that’ll never fully erase from my head.  Now I’ve got a whole closet full of ties and just as many memories from others to block out the images of my own.” 
	“One big family of ties,” Brooke giggled, kissing Robert on the cheek. “Don’t worry, Bobby.  I’ll be at your side through it all…I promise you.” 
	Robert turned his head to face her.  He let a smile come to his face when she threw out her arm to shake on the promise.  Rob nodded. “It’s a deal,” he said upon acceptance of the gesture. 
	A quarter mile away, through a thick layer of woods Chris’ private two-story house laid out of sight.  Sitting on the patio, Audrey Phelps looked into the wild.  This camp had a story to it every year.  Last year, a bear got on campus, the year before a fire warning was issued…this year it was zombies.  Only difference was, this year would offer no return to the normal state.  She combed back her auburn hair back over amber eyes. 
	“Will it ever be the same?” She asked herself.  Peering through the adjacent bushes, Miguel grinned.  He’d been working up the courage to speak to her for years now.  And with the shape of things to come, why not take a chance? 
	The boy of seventeen stepped out of the brush. “It might not ever be the same.” His presence initially alarmed her.  But a smile drew across her lips as he took a few steps 
up to her. “But we’re all still the same.” 
	She giggled, “That was your best?” 
	“I just try not to think about it.” 
	“Even when we saw what just happened?” Miguel nodded. “How?” 
	“I think of something detrimental, something that changed me before all this shock.  Numb the reality of now by subverting it with a reality you can sink into.” 
	“Complex words for a dishwasher,” Audrey folded her arms. 
	“I try to do my best.” 
	“What do you think about?” 
	“Dad…last time I saw him.  Long before zombies, he just went back to war and never came back.  Nothing else really mattered after he was gone.  It was his own damn fault, nobody’s invincible.  If you had nothing to think about, I’m sorry.” 
	“My mom, she died of cancer,” Audrey looked into the clouds. “I barely even remember what she looked like.  Dad never puts down the pictures to remind me…but they’re just pictures.” 
	“Letting all that sink in, how does it compare to what we just witnessed?” 
	She shrugged blatantly as the sun set behind forest. “Things could be worse.”

Day 37
The Raid

	The morning of the thirty seventh day didn’t pass like those previously seen.  The night before, a plan had been assembled.  They were going into Show Low today.  They didn’t know how it looked after the infection ripped through it a month ago.  Everyone was expecting it to be smooth after such a stretch of time.  Orders for everyone going in was to have at least one rifle.  They might find a population of a few thousand undead, or they might well be gunning it out with wicked souls spared a just death.  Fear only rose in the fear of the unknown.  Perhaps they wouldn’t bring anything home…perhaps one of them wouldn’t come back. 
	Robert told all nine of the crew the night before to meet in the dining hall at 0530 hours.  As Zack and Alex were the last ones to step in, Chris spotted a joint in one’s hand.  He immediately turned, “What the hell are you doing?”
	Alex shrugged, “Smoking, what’s it to you?” 
	Chris clenched a fist. “I don’t give a damn, put it out!  I thought I said there was no smoking in any of the buildings!”
	“It’s cold outside,” Zack excused. 
	Chris scoffed, “Cold outside?  It’s early September.  I could run a lap naked in this weather.”
	Alex’ eyes bulged. “Please, don’t do that!  I’m putting it out now!” Chris slid his jaw as he watched the young man run for the door. 
	Robert began. “I don’t want to see anyone doing that on the drive up.  We need to be ready for an imminent attack.  You’ll notice I put Zack on the backup team because I don’t trust him with my truck, let alone my life.” Zack chuckled, but didn’t respond.  The gesture caught a few sniffs of laughter. “We have one objective in sight: fencing to surround the complex.  I don’t trust three lengths of barbed wire to repel an invasion.  We may not get 
enough to cover the entire camp, but we’ll make do with what we get.  There isn’t going to be another drive down the road for a simple run like this.  I don’t have to warn you that it could be hell inside there.”
	Jacob listened intently, but was more worried about whether a .408 shell had gone into the barrel and was ready to fire.  After ejecting it and catching it in his hand, he stepped in. “Our priority isn’t damage assessment, so save the rounds you don’t need to fire.  Focus on the walkers on the road that could give us a speed bump.  The lead truck will notify by two-way any such obstacles.  Civilians are on a strict ROE mandate.” 
	“ROE?” Alex asked. 
	“Rules of Engagement,” Mitch said from across the circle of people. “It means you don’t shoot unless they shoot first.” 
	“Well, that takes the fun out of some of it,” Zack said foolishly, earning him a few foul looks, especially from the veterans.
	Robert returned to his brief. “Bravo team will set up defensive positions in the parking lolt.  Alpha will then proceed to collect as many rolls of fencing as possible.  Preference is high roll, 8 or more feet.  I don’t think we’ll be lucky enough to get any razor wire, so we might as well build up instead of out.  As soon as all the trucks are loaded, we fall back as a convoy all the way to the camp.  Nobody is to get separated from the group.  Is this understood?” A few murmurs of acknowledgement. “Is this understood?” he spoke more sternly.  As a single unit, the group clearly replied their understanding. “Are there any questions?” 
	Alex rose his hand, “Who’s driving?”
	“You lost your chance when you broke Chris’ no smoking policy,” Robert grinned as he turned to walk out of the dining hall.  Jacob slung his rifle over his right shoulder and followed closely behind, alongside Derek and Mitch.  Robert had already arrived at the driver’s door of his Silverado.  He turned the key in the ignition, hearing the satisfying roar of the engine burning to life after thirty days of inaction. “And here you were thinking I wasn’t about to break you in like a stallion.” 
	Derek glanced through the open passenger window. “What?” 
	Robert shook the question off, “Nothing,” he replied simply.  Rob, Mitch, and Justin rode in the Silverado, leading the two camp work vehicles down the 504.  They reached the 260 within three minutes of the briefing end.  In the flatbed, Jacob had maintained a good stand, leaning against the cabin and watching as the dirt road settled behind them. 
	Rob stopped the truck at the stop sign.  Justin leaned over from the back seat, “What’s wrong, you waiting for traffic to clear up?” 
	Mitch chuckled lightly while Rob glanced through the rear view. “Something like that.” A pair of headlights came around a bend a few moments later.  As soon as he spotted the last vehicle in the convoy, he made a right turn.
	“Whoa,” Justin said, “Show Low is the other way, isn’t it?” 
	Mitch leaned back, “How do you expect us to get there, push?” 
	Rob glanced over at him, “We need gas if we want to make it out of Overgaard.” He pulled the truck in at the closest pump.  A few moments later, the two other vehicles 
lined up. 
	Rob jumped from his seat. “Anyone here ever pumped gas before?” The question was a sarcastic one.  Alex had been working at this very same gas station only a few weeks ago. 
	“Very funny,” Alex said, stepping out of the cargo bay of the Chevy.  He and Rob both jogged for the front door. 
	Chris yelled at them from the second truck, “Pumps 1, 2, and 4.” 
	Jacob leaned out from the back of the Silverado. “Get me a pack of 27s.” 
	Alex shrugged as he entered the gas station.  He hopped over the counter as Robert turned the lights on.  The boy felt like he was back at work again, scanning the several levels of cigarettes before finding the blend Jacob requested. “How is it I’m not allowed to smoke a little pot but Jacob can have all the Marlboros he wants?” 
	Rob stopped in his tracks, “It might be because I don’t expect Jacob to keel over with lung cancer as quickly as I expect you to examine your rifle barrel sunny side up with a live round in it.” 
	Alex raised an eyebrow. “Touché,” he replied.  Rob checked every aisle inside the building while Alex went to work fixing up all three of the selected pumps with enough imaginary money to top each tank off.  Cash registers were a lot more simple than the average criminal took them for.  You just needed to know the mechanics.  Strange how the one time Alex had a chance to steal an entire register from his own place of work, monetary value no longer existed.
	Robert exited the front door with two Twinkies in hand. “You want breakfast,” he said with a full mouth, “you’ve got five minutes,” This comment regarded everyone.  All eight left the pumps unattended, taking what they pleased.  In four minutes they were all back, stepping into the trucks with soda bottles or chips. 
	Mitch, waiting for the tank to fill, instantly removed the nozzle when it clicked.  After securing the hose to the pump station, the man jumped into the passenger seat. “Good to go.” Once again, Rob took the lead.  The GMC and Chevy stuck right behind him from the parking lot to the highway.  As one, they turned right, and began the long journey.  Fifty miles one way.  The posted speed limit for most of the drive was sixty five, but sometimes people would speed at eighty without spotting a single cop.  A month after the plague struck, law was in short order.  Through the city of Heber, the team stuck to about sixty miles an hour, watching out for roadblocks or other obstacles not limited to road kill. 
	As the five lane road switched into a two lane passing the saloons of Bison Ranch, Rob keyed in on the two-way radio. “Drivers, maintain distance to Show Low.  This road may have a lot of problems for us.” Rob pressed harder on the accelerator, building a speed up to 75.  Even with cruise control installed, Rob refused to use it.  He needed to be alert if an elk were to run into the road.  And taking his foot off the gas was only for one thing: to hit the brakes. 
	Jacob leaned back in his makeshift seat.  The flatbed was still a smooth ride even on the outside.  Robert’s custom suspension had paid off in full for everyone’s comfort.  As they were exiting the city, he lit up a smoke.  He laid flat on his back in the truck, not expecting necessity for at least another twenty minutes.  Enough time to contemplate the near future.  But looking up at the stars, Jacob didn’t think about anything but what mattered most to him.  His daughter was looking back down on him.  A single tear slid down the side of his face.  He shut his eyes. “I’ll see you soon enough, baby,” as he pressed his lips to the heart-shaped locket around his neck. 
	The feeling was surreal in every one of the trucks.  Only person satisfied, it seemed, was Robert driving his truck for the first time in 4 weeks.  He and Jacob were the only ones who had ever gone into a hostile environment, prepared and experienced in tactical combat.  Ben and Terrence were both Navy men, but that was more than forty years ago.  Battlefields change by the minute and age doesn’t reflect any aspect of war.  Robert left them to guard the camp. He didn’t want them to go into a fight that they were more susceptible to lose. Leave them to kill off the infected ones who don’t shoot back. 
	Derek, sitting in the rear compartment of the Chevy at the back of the group, stared out at the distance while leaning against a toolbox.  The green blackened under a veil of royal blue left not much for the eye to see.  Everyone sitting inside had a limited view in front or to the side.  Derek could see everywhere but in front.  The next truck blocked his line of sight further ahead, but that wasn’t on his mind.  He was floating in a sea of cool breezes.  Two months from now, it would get nice and cold, just how he liked it.  The morning air was the best in his mind, unpolluted by the events that unfolded in daylight.  Something didn’t feel right, though.  A sixth sense etched in the back of his mind, trying to warn him.  But what was it saying? 
	Twenty-six minutes later, Rob led the charge bearing down the two lane road as it entered Show Low.  A wide grin spread over his face as he stomped on the gas.  Mitch noticed something was off. “What are you doing?”
	“I’m waving to my friendly speed trap,” Rob said, lifting his middle finger as he shot through a photo enforcement zone.  The flash blinded both Mitch and Justin.  It came in useful waking Jacob from a near unconscious state.  He sat up quickly, staring around after seeing the bright wave engulf his peripheral. 
	Jacob tapped the glass before sliding it open. “What was that?” 
	Rob chuckled, “I always wanted to get my picture taken.”
	Jacob smirked, “Could have sworn we just got struck by lightning.”
	As soon as he got past the camera, Robert laid off the accelerator.  Ahead, both right lanes were blocked off from a six car pile-up by a convenience store.  A number of bodies 
littered the street as well as the gas station.  This was the first sight to elevate the Major’s sense of combat.  Jacob slid the shell into the barrel, then locked it forward.  A flip of the safety mechanism.  Robert led the three truck convoy into opposing lanes of traffic.  Too common of scenery for Jacob’s taste.  Bullet casings littered the floor, spider webs on several of the car windows, blood stains running down the assortment of colored vehicles.  They’d only just arrived and it already looked like hell.
	Derek loaded his SIG Sauer P220.  The .45 ACP round did more damage to a living human than a 22. ‘In modern conflict,’ Robert once mentioned ‘a hostile isn’t deemed incapacitated until disarmed or dead.  If a twenty-two doesn’t hit the living target in the head, expect him to shoot right back.’ Rob’s words also claimed testimony to witness of subjects being shot multiple times by the standard 5.56 cartridge found in M4 carbines and still able to respond.  His rifle would work proficiently against the undead, as well they expected would be the majority of its usage from this point on.  The convoy passed a number of stopped cars on the highway, but the team was fortunate not to have to squeeze through any narrow gaps between bumpers.  Around another bend, they saw the speed advisory drop another ten. 
	Rob pressed on the brake as he viewed the scene ahead.  Multiple vehicles were stopped bumper to bumper in the right lane once again.  In the T intersection fifty feet 
away, glass and painted metal littered the floor.  A semi truck was stopped to their front on the left.  Caldwell brought his Silverado to a complete stop adjacent to the truck’s grille.  The entire group was amazed at the damage done to a sedan making a left turn into a business access.  The vehicle wrapped around both sides, the metal crushed to half the width the car was before.  Rob determined a slumped head in the driver’s seat, and punched forward before anyone else saw it too.
	Mitch glanced back, “There was a shortcut back there on the right.” 
	“I don’t know if you noticed, but there was a semi blocking the way.  Besides, I’ll take my chances with four lanes instead of two.” A spurt of gunfire to the right snapped everyone’s attention.  The details weren’t confirmed, but the aim wasn’t directed toward them.  Jacob spotted a few men armed with rifles running out of the Safeway, two of them driving carts loaded with food.  Several more shots rang out as they passed several shopping outlets and fast food restaurants.
	The first major problem of the day snapped into their attention.  The next intersection was completely gridlocked with cars.  Several collisions torqued the quickly approaching intersection.  A business access to their immediate right was also cut off by two cars that collided in a parking lot of all places.  The only visible way to get through fell in a partially dug out construction site on the far right lane.  Squeezing in would be hard enough without getting the truck stuck.  Rob had faith in his Silverado, he just wasn’t so sure the others would get through.
	Derek watched from a distance as Rob took advantage of all-wheel-drive.  He wasn’t sure, but the Chevy work truck looked a little outdated for the rugged terrain.  For the entirety of its existence, this truck maybe went off-road twice.  It hadn’t seen anything but asphalt, speed bumps, and parking spaces at the camp since before Derek or Robert had been working there.  In the GMC, Chris, Daniel, and Zack weren’t too happy with the tight suspension this truck had.  They felt every obstacle the tires rolled over, strong enough to toss Zack into the ceiling.  As he fell back into his seat, Zack cursed. “Who bought this truck anyway?” 
	Chris nodded, “That would be me.” The tone didn’t sound approving.  Zack looked away silently, unwilling to apologize.  How often did employees want to say sorry to their boss?  Daniel chuckled as the GMC shoved through the last bit of construction and returned to solid pavement.
	Rob parked the Silverado twenty feet down the street.  He didn’t leave the truck without a pistol in his hand.  And he wanted to know the moment if Joe couldn’t get the 
Chevy through the broken road.  He heard shells exploding from rifles in several directions, and a variety of calibers as well.  Nine mils, forty-fives, and seven-six-twos all rang clearly according to his memory.  The sounds gestured a minimal safe distance.  The sniper didn’t see his team in any potential risk for the time.
	Jacob was already scanning down the road for hostile activity, “Hey, Rob,” he said from the back of the truck.  Robert tilted his head in Jacob’s direction. “I’ve got three walkers about 100 meters ahead of us.  Not to be a buzz kill, but they’re right next to a big block up ahead.” 
	Robert returned to the cab to collect his own rifle.  He aimed down the scope, spotting the three undead trying to maneuver through a maze of automobiles in the road.  At least three lengths thick on either side with sedans, trucks, and vans turned almost every way imaginable.  After looking at the thickness of it, he began to look for potential routes through.  To the right, the sidewalk was a little thin to get all four wheels on, but there was close to enough room to squeeze in.  The Silverado was actually built on the widest frame, so basically anything it could fit through, the others could follow.  Horsepower and traction were the biggest problems, a matter that none of them could change.  Roads were variable every minute of every day.  This just happened to be one of those equations.
	Robert lowered his rifle to check the status of the Chevy.  It somehow got through the length of dirt underlying the torn up lane and survived the climb back to even asphalt.  Rob lifted himself back into his seat, quickly hitting the radio key. “This is Rob, there’s a little obstruction in our way.  I’m gonna try to squeeze us a lane through.  Could get a little bumpy.” 
	Derek, listening through the opened rear window of the Chevy, scoffed. “Perfect.” 
	Joe laughed as he let off the brake. “You should try to calm down, Derek.  You look a little tense today.” 
	“You’re right,” he replied. The convoy got close enough to the severe obstruction.  The three zombies trapped between cars didn’t deem a threat to any.  All of the drivers negated any itchy trigger fingers of the younger crew. “Something’s bothering me, and it sure as hell isn’t the weather.”
	“Are you getting enough sleep?” Joe asked.  The two follow trucks stopped while Rob had to ride up onto the sidewalk.  Derek heard the scrape as Robert traded paint with an SUV.
	Derek shook his head. “If nobody else at the camp is getting enough, neither am I.  This doesn’t have anything to do with fatigue.  It’s like those Star Wars movies. ‘I sense a disturbance in the force.” Joe smirked. 
	Joe lifted his foot from the brake as soon as the GMC had managed to slide through the small gap.  It didn’t even need the extra room on the sidewalk like the lead vehicle.  Joe didn’t expect his would have any trouble slipping through either.  Derek watched the three undead who were now focused on them.  He never really had the chance to look at them up close and know they were looking back.  It was a truly depressing moment.  These three were among the millions of unfortunate souls who had their lives ended for the sake of giving the pathogen a new host.  So many lives ended, families ruined, survivors left to feed on the scraps of a ‘dead’ society.
	The drive didn’t see any more real action.  There weren’t any blocks the Silverado couldn’t open up, and crowds of undead hadn’t amassed in the streets.  Instead they occupied every place of business visible from the street.  Probably where living people were, or were in past tense.  All of them would have helped if they could, but it wasn’t as simple.  A basic society where one helped another had been tossed out the window, traded for ten pounds of chaos in a five pound sack.  The only thing that mattered was survival, by any means necessary.  Stopping to save a few guys camped out in a hardware store could cost them time, ammunition, and possibly lives.  Rob had taken charge and wouldn’t allow for radical ideas.  The plan was built on a simple foundation.  The key to survival was simple.  Nothing more needed to be said or done.
	Rob pulled his Silverado into the empty parking lot of the American Fence complex.  Ten seconds on his back, the GMC and Chevy rolled in.  The GMC pulled in front of the Silverado while the Chevy remained at the rear.  After taking a look around, Rob slid back the chamber of his Ruger P95, loading the first bullet in place to fire.  He exited the vehicle.  Mike and Justin weren’t far to do the same moments later.  Rob spoke loudly enough for every person to hear his orders. “Team Alpha with me, Bravo hold the fort here.” 
	Mitch, Jacob, Justin, and Alex headed for the door while Robert gave Derek a glance. A feeling of ice shot through Derek’s stomach when the two made eye contact.  The sense was tingling in the back of his head, but he still didn’t know what would come.  Better to be safe than sorry, Derek clicked the safety of his SIG off.  Chris stepped out of his truck, “How long do you expect this to take?” 
	Robert stopped and shrugged, “Could take ten minutes, could take ninety.” A wide berth to cover, Chris rolled his eyes in silent retort.
	Fifteen minutes after they started loading up rolls of fencing, Robert saw it was becoming a problem.  Justin and Alex weren’t nearly as fit as the three veterans of the US 
Army and Marine Corps.  Even with two people to split the weight, the rolls were anywhere from fifty to a hundred pounds and two guys a week out of light labored positions weren’t going to do much help on a gurney.  Rob turned down one of the aisles, spotting a forklift at the end against the wall.  He smirked before striding toward it. 
	Mitch and Jacob could carry the rolls pretty easy with a single arm, long as they were compensating for the weight differential by holding their rifles in the other hand.  At the rate they loaded two of them, Alex and Justin had traveled half way to load one.  Six of the rolls had been filled up into the Chevy, and it was nearing the brim.
	As Mitch and Jacob walked past the other two with their fifth roll in hand, both Alex and Justin dropped theirs.  The two vets gave them peculiar looks, and couldn’t help but grin at how the physical exertion had left them throwing up breakfast from a half hour earlier.  Alex wiped a sugary bit of vomit from his lips, “What’s so funny?” 
	“I remember those days,” Jacob said. 
	Mitch laughed, “Used to be: one guy gets on his knees to puke, everyone else gets another five miles tacked on the run.” 
	Jacob started forward, “More like ten for the jarheads.” 
	The four stopped there as they heard the high RPM of a quickly-approaching object.  Robert sped out of the warehouse with three rolls loaded onto the lift.  An added feature bent back the jutting arms so the fencing wouldn’t roll off.  Rob punched the brakes, leaving a few inches of skid marks on the lot behind him.
	Chris grinned. “Sorry, Rob, you can’t take it with you.” 
	“Why not?” Rob replied sarcastically, “You never let me drive the mule as it is.” 
	“You have to pass my test before I let you drive anything.  Do us both a favor and stick to your Chevy.” 
	The load-up improved exponentially.  Alex and Justin were quite happy to be absolved of most, if not all of the work involved.  Mitch and Jacob returned inside the complex to load more fencing onto the cargo transport.  Rather than further stress themselves with more walking, Alex and Justin waited by the next car to fill it up.  In two runs, the Silverado was loaded.  It cut fifteen minutes from a twenty minute load of individual vehicles.  Derek expected it to be all done in another five or ten.  Then they’d be back on the road and hopefully out of anyone’s sights before a shot went off. 
	Fate, as it happened, wasn’t as kind as some would hope.  Two SUV’s rolled down White Mountain Drive.  The cars had three persons per vehicle, all with moderate to high caliber weapons.  The Kalashnikov model of 1947 spread over the laps of two occupants in the Ford Escape leading the pair.  One of them lowered his sunglasses. “Looks like we’ve got a few foreigners to deal with.” The SUV’s slowed down, giving the occupant a clearer view. “I like that blue Chevy in the middle.  They were even nice enough to load it up for us.” 
	Derek heard brakes squeal.  He spotted the two cars a little down the way, but didn’t think they’d be a problem.  He dropped to a knee so as to make it harder to see him beside the older Chevy work truck.  The man clenched the pistol in his grip…this is what he was praying he wouldn’t have to expect.  Chris, Joe, and Zack all took up cover positions behind the cars as the SUVs pulled into the driveway.  Six occupants jumped out from both vehicles.  Several rolled their windows down and used the doors for protection.  As soon as guns lifted toward them, the four combat personnel of team Bravo lifted theirs in response. Daniel opted out and ducked into the Robert’s truck as soon as he saw a situation developing. Alex and Justin also chose to hide rather than engage.
	The leader stepped out with a .44 Magnum in his hand. “This is a toll road nowadays.” The Hispanic male spoke with much enthusiasm. “All that fencing is gonna cost you some.” 
	Chris took a step forward, “I don’t believe I voted you in to run this city.” 
	The man turned the handgun toward Chris. “You don’t look like you belong in this town.”
	“Pointing a gun at an old man make you feel big?” Chris was egging the man on.  It was a wonderful distraction, serving the camp’s faction long enough.  Robert, Mitch, and Jacob approached with guns raised.  Jacob had a clear view on the leader’s head if he needed to make a shot.  Too late, the rest of the gunmen noticed. 
	“Let’s not make a bad day out of this, guys.” Robert spoke as he calmly approached, sidearm tracking several of the targets he could hit.  He didn’t want to bring death to anyone.  That bridge had already been burned weeks ago, but it didn’t change his perspective on human life.  Derek, on the other hand, was waiting for a shot to go off.  He had the driver of the first vehicle in his sights.  The driver was one of several who were now focused on the three approaching from their flank.  Rob knew the three of his posse were out of cover and painting themselves for crosshairs.  Well, better a few men experienced with gunshot wounds than the war virgins.
	Derek spotted the driver lift his handgun to aim down the sights at Chris.  Within the blink of an eye Derek reacted and shot a round off, piercing his target in the left shoulder.  Everything froze in silence for that split second.  Everyone holding a rifle raised it, some in retaliation, others in fear.  Nobody knew who shot off the first round, but that was beyond anyone’s mind.  Kill or be killed burned through every ringing ear. 
	Jacob launched a successive projectile from his sniper rifle, boring into the upper chest of the vigilantes’ leader.  Mitch fired a shot at a target he trusted nobody was locked on, the furthest back, hiding behind the second SUV.  Robert fired two shots at the front SUV passenger.  Chris, Joe, and Zack fired a volley within the same tenth of a second, making it sound like an array of gunshots morphed into a single burst.  All six targets dropped, most with fatal wounds and the lucky pair with a story to tell when they got home.
	As the echo of every shot passed throughout the city, Derek let out a sigh of relief.  He glanced at the rest of his people, where he was the first to notice what had struck.  The omen he burdened from his waking this morning up to this moment had occurred.  Robert had been struck by a bullet one of the gunmen managed to get off.  In a single stride, he accelerated to a full sprint to cross the distance. 
	On the ground, Robert’s breathing was shallow.  He tried to breath in through his nose and out through the mouth, but that got him nowhere.  In fact, it only added to the pain.  Jacob dropped at his side, pressing both hands against the blood-stained entry wound of a 9mm bullet. “Doc!” Jake screamed.  Derek skidded to a halt in that same moment.  Jacob rolled Rob onto his left side, causing a loud wail of agony.  He lowered the young man onto his back again, “I’m sorry I had to do that, Bobby.” 
	Robert tried to keep himself collected, swallowing the pain.  Among it, he tasted the iron of blood in his mouth.  Hearing faded from his senses. ‘Is this how I’m going to die?’ 
	Jacob looked up at Derek’s pleading eyes. “No exit cavity.” 
	Derek was breathing almost as heavily as Rob.  The student looked into the teacher’s dull eyes. “Stay with me, Rob,” Robert could discern, reading his lips through a darkening vision.
	Daniel arrived as Derek spoke to the injured man. “Where’s he hit?” 
	Jacob looked back. “Abdomen, no exit cavity.” 
	Daniel dropped to a knee, “Well that leaves out the worst.  It might have pierced the stomach or liver.”
	Derek lifted his eyes. “Can you save him?”
	Daniel stammered, “I wouldn’t be able to do it here.  If there’s internal damage, I need to get him on a table now.”
	Derek reached down and lifted Robert in his arms.  He quickly sprinted for the Silverado.  Robert, cradled in his brother’s arms, started to drift in and out of consciousness.  Derek carefully laid Rob down in the back seat.  Daniel was right behind him. “Keep him stable.  There’s a hospital about a mile from here.” Daniel didn’t question, stepping into the vehicle.  Jacob wasn’t long behind when he heard the engine start up.  Speeding into a full sprint, he managed to grab the tailgate and pull his entire body into the flatbed among the several rolls of fence. 
	Derek stomped on the accelerator the moment rubber touched black asphalt.  The engine primed, jetting up to 5000 RPM and leaving white smoke at the entrance to the fencing yard.  The other two trucks hadn’t even departed from the lot when Derek was rolling around the next bend.  His speed ran upwards of seventy miles per hour as he ripped through an intersection with barely an inch margin between stopped cars.  A sedan lost it’s driver’s side mirror, but Derek didn’t lose a spot of control.  As his velocity passed eighty, Derek spotted an obstruction closing in fast.  A pair of cars were stopped in both lanes of traffic, diagonal against the roadway.  The three leftmost lanes were gridlock as far as the eye could see, leaving this smaller impediment between them and the hospital.
	Derek glanced back at Daniel. “Brace yourself, this is going to get rough.” Derek put his foot to the floor.
	Jacob felt the truck lurch forward to see what they were about to run headlong into. “I guess I picked the wrong ride to hitch!” He rushed to the back of the flatbed and looped a rope a couple of times around chain link fencing.  He jumped over the tailgate, clicked his radio, “I’ll be sixty seconds behind lead vehicle,” and disappeared from the rear view mirror.  Jacob slid off the back of the truck onto his back, clutching the rope with his wrists and ankles just tightly enough to keep friction and balance even.  He reached the end of the rope and slowed from 75 to 30 miles per hour in fifty feet without causing much damage.  The back of his suit was a little torn, but it was also more developed for strenuous situations.  As soon as Jacob slid to a stop, he jumped back onto his feet and continued on foot.
	A scale was made in roadblocks.  Tipping that scale required ground control as much as velocity.  Pointing for the structurally weak spot in the two cars would need to be the rear section.  The trunk stood for less than half the mass of the engine block, transmission, and everything else under the hood.  The cars were positioned one ahead of the other.  A pass of momentum would be obvious, making the only real concern leaving enough initial velocity to push the second block out of their path. 
	The vehicle redlined at ninety moments before impact.  Derek shut his eyes only for a second as steel crashed against steel.  The force of the impact knocked the rear bumper entirely off the first car.  The front wheels of the Silverado left traction to make up for the sudden blow while the tires of the opposite scraped against the ground.  They maintained a low distance from the ground throughout.  Metal and glass reported a crushing sound by momentum’s transfer to the second car.
	As they penetrated the road block, the Silverado was left scarred but intact.  If it still drove, it needn’t be fixed.  The force of the blow subsided, Derek would have been ecstatic to have all four wheels back on the road where they belonged.  It didn’t change his mood at all with the current happenings.  Daniel, bracing for the hit, used the left seatbelt to keep him out of the windshield and wrapped his right arm to secure Rob to his person.  Luckily, the velocity wasn’t heavily absorbed by the crash.  Derek’s speed dropped down to seventy when all traction resumed.
	Fifty feet down, Derek pressed heavily on the brakes, turning in through an access road meant for the opposite direction of traffic.  The truck’s rear tires hopped along the road, spurting up even more smoke as Derek fit the wide truck into the narrow corridor.  When the back tires started to rub against the curb, the wheels accepted grip one last time.  Derek shot into the parking lot, gunning it straight into the emergency driveway. 
	The truck skidded forward a few more feet when Derek threw the gear into park prematurely.  He jumped out of the front seat and had the back seat open in half as much time. “How’s he doing?” Derek desperately asked as he lifted the wounded soldier in his grip. 
	“He’s fading in and out.  There’s probably shock trauma along with ballistic damage.” Derek didn’t know what either of those terms meant.  All he knew was that Rob was dying in his arms.  Derek shot into the, strangely enough, still operable automatic sliding door.  In fact, the emergency room had somewhat of an operating staff.  Even a rent-a-cop who somehow found a real gun. 
	The security guard raised his pistol, “What’s wrong with him?” He asked with fear controlling his weapon. 
	“He’s been shot,” Derek answered.  The guard instantly dropped his aim.  His purpose was to evict any and all signs of infection coming through the door, not just anyone. 
	Derek set his sights on a woman behind the desk.  At this moment, Daniel jogged up to his side.  The surgeon reported with a composed voice to her. “Ballistic trauma to the abdomen, the bullet’s still inside. We need to get to ICU now.”
	The woman stuttered, “The only operating unit currently has a patient.” Derek didn’t take that for an answer.  He saw her glance in the direction of a short hallway that led to two windowless swinging doors.  That was the direction he headed.  The woman quickly pursued. “Sir, you need to wait--” 
	Derek continued, “If I wait, he dies.” He kicked the crack between both doors, flinging them open for him to enter.
	Jacob ran at a steady speed of seven miles an hour without showing any real exertion.  He was only about four hundred yards shy of the hospital when he bailed out of the truck.  As he ran past the wide open roadblock, he was momentarily caught off guard by a few undead walking after the Silverado.  One by one, he dispatched all three without missing a beat in his run.  Not a second too late, Jacob arrived at the hospital doors as promised.  He entered with his Blackbird drawn. “Friendly!” He yelled as soon as stepping through the door.  The security guard lowered his aim when he realized the gunman intended none of them any harm.  He pointed for the room where the rest of the party had gone.
	Derek laid Rob down on a stretcher.  Adjacent to him, a team of two surgeons were the only company beside a possibly fatal gunshot wound. “You can’t be in here,” one said through an operating mask. 
	Derek ignored him, his focus was centered on Rob.  He tapped Rob’s face a number of times.  Eyes slowly slid open, dizzily, droopy, without the strength to stay open.  Derek made eye contact with him, “Rob, can you hear me?” 	
	Robert adapted to the fluorescent light in his eyes.  The noises were distorted, the view was blurred.  Derek had to reiterate his last question for Robert to partially understand and reply. “Yeah,” he said weakly.  Daniel rotated an x-ray over Robert, focusing on the victim’s chest.
	Derek heard a faint beep as the machine took a picture. “Alright,” Derek grabbed Rob’s head to keep him focused. “The bullet’s inside.  Dan’s gonna try to get it out but it might get complicated.  Right now, I just need you to hold on.  Can you do that?” It took a moment for Robert to chew down all the words.  His eyes fell into thin slits before he answered with a  vague nod.  Derek removed himself from Robert’s view.  He spun and looked at Daniel. “What do you need?” 
	A moment passed in silence before the machine spit out a black and white image outlaying Robert’s insides.  Through it the ribs, heart, lungs, liver, and stomach were clearly visible. “Shit,” Dan swore as he located the entry wound. 
	“What’s going on?”
	Dan raced over to grab a scalpel and hemostat. “The bullet appears to have bounced off a rib and entered soft tissue of the stomach.  The initial impact slowed it down, that’s whys it still inside him.”
	“Can you get it out?” 
	Dan reached into a cabinet.  From it he withdrew an unused, filled syringe.  He hurriedly examined the note on the side. “I can get it out, but our problems jump exponentially from there.” 
	“What’s going on?” 
	Chris and Jacob burst into the ICU as Daniel continued. “The round perforated a hollow organ.  Right now, stomach acid could be leaking into the rest of his body.  That shit’s more corrosive than battery acid.  I can remove the bullet, but we’re going to need a catheter and enough IV’s and antibiotics to last us two weeks.” 
	“Two weeks?” Chris asked. 
	“Have you ever heard of sepsis?  It’s the immune system’s response to an infection in the bloodstream.  And it doesn’t take too much to cause the response.  But when it starts, it reacts so violently…believe me, you don’t want to know.” Daniel slid the needle into Robert’s vein.  In moments, Robert’s vision faded, felling him into a painless, unconscious state.  As soon as it was administered, Dan slid a pair of latex gloved over his hands. “My hands are going to be full.  I need to dig in to get the round out.  It didn’t bore a hole straight to its target, otherwise it would have left the body after it hit.  So that’s going to complicate things a bit.” He pressed on the overhanging exam light.  A moment later, he slid a mask over Rob’s mouth and nose and spun a nozzle a few clicks left. “As soon as I get the bullet out, I need to clamp the organ.  Jacob, one of those  cabinets should have bags of fluid.” Jacob immediately shot in the direction Daniel pointed. “Look for one called amoxicillin.” As a finishing measure, Dan rolled a Velcro wrap around Rob’s inner left elbow.  A monitor instantly displayed several numbers, and a green line measuring a pulse.  Dan turned around. “That’s not good.” 
	Jacob leaned in, “What’s not good?” 
	“At rest, it shouldn’t fall much lower than sixty BPM.  Right now he’s reading at forty.  I can only account for his physical health and the sedatives so much.” 
	Daniel immediately made an incision using the bullet hole’s cavity to allow access.  Blood under the light shimmered on his gloves.  After the area was wide enough, Daniel slid a fiber optic in the side of the incision.  The screen originally a deep blue changed, magnifying the insides of the patient.  Most all of the ones looking cringed at the sight of the perforated organ.  Daniel locked the camera in position upon discerning his target.  After a deep exhale, he lowered his hand in, holding a hemostat in his grip.  It was a little tough for him to maneuver between two bones in Robert’s ribcage, but the doctor’s hand was slim enough.
	Jacob arrived with an IV full of fluid.  Like he’d worked in the ER himself, the marine quickly applied an injection to Rob’s vein and set up the bag above.  Daniel reached the site being recorded, where the hemostat flooded silver into the screen.  A number were engrossed as Daniel fit the tool into the organ. A few moments later, Derek noticed Dan shut his eyes. “Danny?” No response.  Daniel was in his own little world.  After about ten seconds, his eyes opened back up. 
	“I found it,” he said with a grin.  Slowly, the man who claimed he was a spinal surgeon withdrew his arm.  Onscreen, Chris watched as the clamps squeezed through the small bullet cavity with the culprit in its grip.  Several inches up his arm had been doused in crimson.  As he edged his palm out, his index finger and thumb securely held the pliers, clamped down around a deformed hollow-point bullet.  Daniel took a breath to collect himself.  Derek lowered his head in a small sense of relief. 
	“What’s your assessment?” Jacob asked. 
	“We might get off lucky,” Daniel said.  Carefully, he used the same hemostat to place a needle. “The round didn’t leave a big enough cavity to cause any more internal damage.” He carefully made the first piercing on the right end of the wound.  Slowly and safely, he started to roll the circular needle through the edges.  Stitching of the stomach, taking good care, lasted a little more than six minutes.  The crew looked on in fearful expectation.  Daniel tightened the stitches.  They would eventually decompose inside the body while the organ naturally regenerated.  Satisfied that his work would suffice, Daniel cut the unused stitching and removed himself from Robert’s chest. “Looks like our only substantial injury is to my whiplash,” he joked.  Unfortunately, it was the wrong time. 
	Robert’s pulse vanished from the EKG.  In the blink of an eye, everything had gone from good to shit.  Rob was dead on the table as each of them stared at the uninterrupted straight line on the monitor. “Son of a bitch,” Daniel claimed quickly.  He still had to stitch up the chest before he could perform any kind of resuscitation.  Needless to say it was quicker, and a lot sloppier.
	“What’s going on?” Derek asked impatiently.
	“Anything that could,” Dan replied simply.
	“Wha--” 
	“I don’t know what’s happening, Derek!  Ten seconds ago, everything was fine!  This is life in the OR, if everything goes to plan, the plans about to get scrubbed.”  Daniel finished closing the incision.  Finally, he was able to remove the mask pumping anesthetic in Robert’s airway. “Blood loss, the heart went into shock, sepsis, anything could have caused this.  My money’s on the tranq I gave him.” The doctor immediately opened Robert’s airway by tilting his head back.  He pinched Robert’s nose shut before pushing two full breaths of air into Rob’s lungs.  Immediately removed from his airway, Daniel compressed Rob’s chest multiple times, averaging about ninety presses per minute.  Counting every other, he stopped at fifteen to administer more air.
	Derek’s head was clutched by his palms, pulling individual hairs out slowly.   He didn’t know what to do about his kin dying on the operating table.  Everything had gone off without a hitch, what caused his heart to stop pumping was beyond anyone’s fathomable understanding.  The constant drone of a flat beep didn’t make matters much easier. 
	Finding it only further demoralizing everyone there, Jacob clicked the monitor off.  He wasn’t taking this much easier despite their shaky start of a relationship.  The two agreed and disagreed from time to time.  Robert had informed him of his daughter’s inevitable death three weeks earlier.  While that initially put an estrangement on their friendship, it wasn’t something Jacob would hold a grudge over.  Only now did Jacob realize he never apologized for his actions, and at the moment believed he never would be able to.  The one minute mark passed, Daniel saw on the camera monitor.  It kept a constant pace with real-time.
	Rinse and repeat, the spinal surgeon performed Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation like he’d been trained for the entirety of his medical career.  Chris watched with concern that didn’t nearly match that of Derek.  True, they had butted heads since the day Robert was hired.  Now one of his workers, the same who had provided the planning necessary to evade all hell breaking loose, was passing ninety second dead.  Derek whimpered to himself, trying to be silent but failing drastically.
	Chris took Derek by the shoulder. “It’ll be okay,” he whispered, hugging another of his employees whom he had more distaste for than Rob.  Derek didn’t know how to react at first, finding it strange that Chris of all people was coming to help him through a tough time.  Times couldn’t get much tougher than this.  Derek could feel Chris starting to show remorse for what was happening.  The young man accepted the comfort that Chris offered to him, crying on his shoulder.
	Jacob had backed away from the table after two minutes passed.  He closed his eyes after the exam light could no longer illuminate his features.  Nobody wanted to see a grown man cry.  Jake, who had seen human nature in seven different parts of the globe, resorted to silent prayer.  Religion was a good thing to have when it came down to it…and Robert didn’t have one when he died two minutes and thirteen seconds ago.  He slid his eyes shut and began, hoping he could compensate for Robert’s lack of faith.
	Before anyone knew it, the fourth minute passed.  Daniel was becoming more tired and more dejected with every failed set.  The ‘official’ surgeon behind him examined his watch.  By this time, the patient he was working on had been patched up and removed from the room. “Call it, doctor.” 
	‘No,’ Daniel thought as he continued.
	The doctor started toward him. “He’s dead, son.  Sometimes we have to accept the inevitable.” The doctor reached for Dan’s right arm. 
	“No!” Daniel screamed, pushing him away with more strength than he previously thought he had.  The result of the push knocked the doctor off his feet.  By this time, Jacob also accepted that it couldn’t change.  The chance of survival severely decreased every minute the patient was under.  After five minutes, even the most proficient of physicians gave up and labeled the patient as dead.
	Derek lost complete control of himself.  He tried his best to save the brother he never had, but it wasn’t enough. ‘Rob’s gone,’ his internal voice choked on the words.  It couldn’t have been so simple, the frailty of the human body.  Why could one stray round cause an unexpected death so viciously?  He didn’t want to listen, he didn’t want to look…he didn’t want to live.
	Jacob relieved Daniel forcibly from Rob’s side. “I’m sorry, Danny,” Jacob said through tearing eyes. “The doc’s right.” Daniel, who managed to stay professional from the first second, broke down in Jake’s arms.  Jacob loosened his grip around the man’s arms, giving Daniel the opportunity he was hoping for.
	Dan brushed himself loose of the Marine, returning to Robert’s side and pounding the bottom of a clenched fist down on Robert’s sternum. “Come on!” He screamed.  Something more than himself brought Dan back to make a final desperate attempt.  The first impact shook the limp body where it laid.  The second didn’t do much else.  Jacob grabbed a hold of Daniel’s other arm and tried to drag him away.  The final blow made contact before the doctor could be completely removed. 
	Rob resurfaced with the final blow to the chest, inhaling a deep breath of the dirty operating room.  He choked on the air, which had evaded his lungs for a total of 4 minutes and 37 seconds.  As his eyes reorganized from a completely blurry mess, Derek ran to his side.  Barely alive, Robert heard the faint, muffled sounds of voices over him.  Daniel, who had been pulled to the ground by Jacob, couldn’t help but beam and laugh.  Jacob was mystified how the miracle happened.  Chris let out a deep sigh of relief, but remained in place.  It would be one thing if Rob died today, yet by fate it remained the opposite.
	Robert’s eyes focused on the face closest to him.  He recognized it after a moment to memorize. “Derek?” 
	Derek grinned, “It’s good to see you again, Bobby.” 
	Robert looked at his surroundings as they came into focus. “How long has it been?” 
	“A little more than four and a half minutes,” Daniel said, stepping into his view. 
	Robert’s gaze fell into a trance.  Derek gripped Rob by the hand, his grip tighter than he realized.  Still recovering from the perception of losing his brother, Derek couldn’t have been happier to see the aforementioned still drawing breath. “Don’t ever do that to us again, Rob.  I don’t know what we’d do without you.”
	At that moment, Joe sprinted into the operating room. “It’s starting to get hectic.  We need to go.” 
	Daniel gave him a confirming gesture before Joe turned around. “Let’s get him back to the truck.” As a unit, the four men with combined strength lifted Rob onto a gurney and started to wheel him toward the exit.  Derek stayed at Rob’s side through it all.  Back on the streets, gunfire started to pepper vehicles in the hospital parking lot.  A crowd of undead were moving toward them from the south.  Gunshots rang in the direction the convoy came from.  For all they know it might have been the same crowd who were responsible for the shootout at the fencing complex. 
	Rob was carefully lifted by Derek and Jacob into the back seat of the Silverado.  Daniel took the front passenger seat, winding a heartbeat monitor around Robert’s wrist.  The injured man noticed as Derek took the driver’s seat. “I never gave you permission to drive my truck.” 
	Derek grinned, looking through his rear view at the other two trucks. “Looks like you’ll have to pay me back after we get home.” The Silverado sprung to life, but idled 
for a moment.  Its driver took the two-way. “Chris, take the lead.” Moments later, the GMC work truck pulled out from the ambulance driveway, passing up the Silverado.  This 
would be the VIP truck with a wounded person onboard.  The three all heard as Jacob stepped in the nearly filled flatbed.  Moments later they accelerated from the hospital parking lot. 
	Driving out of the city could be compared to their arrival.  A few gunshots rang out in close proximity, but none were directed on them.  Using the opening Derek forced between the previous roadblock, they squeezed back onto the roadway.  It felt like Europe the way they were forced onto the left side of the road for most of the drive through the city.  The same pile-up hadn’t moved, but it still maintained the small corridor to drive through.  Their final real obstacle arrived sooner than they expected in the construction zone and dug up roadway, but that was as hard as getting through it the first time. 
	After eight minutes, the convoy rolled passed the photo-radar, earning three more bright flashes.  Robert laid silently as his truck hugged the road, speeding out of Show Low at plus seventy.  Daniel waited until they were on straight road before loading up a syringe with painkillers. “This is gonna knock you out for a couple of hours, but it’s better than just putting up with the pain.” Robert didn’t respond.  He stared up through his window up toward the sky, mesmerized by it’s aqua beauty.  In fact, the warrior didn’t notice the injection until Daniel was withdrawn.  In a matter of moments, his eyes rolled back, and the two were gratified to hear light snoring behind them. 
	Derek patted Dan on the shoulder. “Thank you.” 
	Dan chuckled, “Just doing my job,” he was flattered to get recognition. 
	“Yeah,” Derek replied, “But you’re job stops when people starting pulling you away from the corpse.” Daniel was silent. “What made you keep going?” 
	“I don’t know,” Dan replied. “That’s the longest I’ve ever had a patient go under and survive.”
	“I owe you more than you’ll ever know.  You saved my brother.” 
	A little past 7:15, the convoy reentered the camp’s gates.  Robert and Daniel were dropped off at the health station.  Derek continued forward with the other two vehicles to the basketball court.  Upon parking, Chris and the others came to a decision not to offload the fencing.  It had been a simple day for some, but a less than subtle preview of hell for others.  Derek didn’t want to be the one to inform everyone of Robert’s near death.  Avoiding that was impossible, as Nicole was waiting for them to arrive at the chapel.  She noticed the absence of two from their party, cutting Derek off before he could reach his destination.
	“Where’s Rob?” Her eyes pleaded.  Derek averted his vision from her.  He couldn’t look at them without giving it away.  But failure to make eye contact gave it away just as quickly. “Oh, my God,” she pressed her hands over her mouth as tears started to well. 
	“He’s going to be fine,” Derek said, slightly grasping his fingers around her forearms. 
	She was too late to stop crying now. “What happened to him?” She tried to keep herself composed.  Nikki folded her arms, bit her bottom lip, and closed her lashes instinctively, but nothing could keep her from trembling. 
	“While we were at the fencing complex, some guys tried to rob us.  I saw one of them go for his gun, so I shot.  Next thing I knew Rob was on the ground.” Nicole gave up holding it in, sobbing loudly.  Derek wrapped his arms around her. “Daniel says he’s stable.” Derek felt himself losing a bout with conscious woe. “I thought he was going to die today, but Dan brought him back.  Nicole couldn’t hold herself up, so Derek slowly lowered them both to the grassy field.  She buried her eyes into Derek’s shoulder, he clenched his teeth as his own eyes welled up.  The late fall day drew to a sunset much quicker than anyone anticipated.
	Nicole didn’t move for several hours, Derek stayed beside her every moment.  Not until now did he realize how much this woman really loved him.  Robert had stayed out of Nicole’s life for the most part, as much as she wanted to be a part of his.  Only over the last four weeks did Robert begin to understand her feelings for him.  Now Derek saw for himself.  He sighed, for his first and only short marriage didn’t bear witness to half the tears staining Derek’s left shoulder.
	Nicole looked up through dried eyes as the sun set on the horizon. “I’m glad Bobby’s got friends like you.  He’s always looking out for everyone else, I was worried nobody was looking out for him.” 
	Derek let a smile come to his face for the first time in ten hours. “My God, Rob doesn’t know what he’s missing.” 
	“What do you mean?” 
	“He doesn’t even know the way you feel for him.” 
	“What?” 
	“You love him.” Derek asked. 
	Nicole blushed, “That’s pushing it a little.” 
	“So is weeping away on my shoulder for so long.  I can see it clear as day.  You love him.  I have a feeling there’s more to his revival than just Dan’s craft.” 
	“I prayed when you left,” she admitted. “Didn’t leave the chapel until you got back.” 
	Derek nodded. “I didn’t want to be the one to tell you.  I thought it would only hurt more.” 
	“The same wound hurts the same way no matter how you sugarcoat it.  I’d rather hear it from you.” 
	“Why?” 
	“Because like Bobby, you wouldn’t lie to me.” Nikki said, finally letting herself grin for the first time today.  Derek slowly rose the two of them to a stand. 
	“Rob’s going to need rest.  The bullet did some damage when it went in, it’s going to take some time to fully heal…” 
	“What?” Nicole noticed Derek cut himself off. 
	“I shouldn’t have put it like that.  Rob’s going to need rest…and he’s going to need you.  He just doesn’t know it yet.” The blonde grinned wide as the two started slowly toward the health station.

Day 38
Sanctuary

	A dream didn’t pass for Rob that night.  Not a wink of sleep got the better of him despite dosages of tranquilizers.  His mind was focused on one thing that would never subtract from his memories.  Robert Caldwell died yesterday.  But somehow, he was brought back after almost five minutes.  Until yesterday, he never considered what his time in the afterlife would be.  At war, he just put it forward.  If he died, he died, and that was the end of it.  Now, every detail was viewed through clear eyes.
	Robert slid his eyes open, being in drowsy wake for the last six hours.  The drugs couldn’t knock him out after the events of yesterday.  He inhaled a deep breath, looking 
around at a few cracks of sunlight peering diagonally across the room.  As a result of the inhale, the incision Dan carved to remove the bullet winced.  He moaned lightly in the bed.  His vision dizzily encircled the room, where he spotted both Derek and Nicole on the couch at his side.  The two had dozed off beside one another, and Nicole inadvertently laid her head on Derek’s lap.  Shakily Rob rose a hand to wipe some sweat from his brow.  Even that caused him a considerable amount of pain.  His chest was bruised from the exertion Daniel took to revive him.  Robert groaned, lowering his arm before being even half way toward his head. 
	A few feet away, Derek’s eyes opened.  He felt the warmth of Nikki among him.  A moment later, he looked up to see Robert moving his arm. “Hey, Bobby,” Derek whispered.  Robert tried to lift himself from the bed. “Rob, don’t.” Derek jumped from the couch, cradling Nicole so she would lie flat on the couch.  Taking so much care, he turned to see Rob already sitting up.
	Robert rubbed his scar. “How’s everyone else doing?” 
	Derek stood beside him, “Scared for you.” 
	“They shouldn’t be,” Robert said. “I wanted to be dead.” 
	The remark earned him a scoff and a pat on the shoulder. “Don’t say stuff like that, Bobby.  I don’t know what we would do if you couldn’t live this out.” 
	Robert stared straight forward, not a change of tone to his voice. “Improvise, Derek.  That’s what I always tell you.” 
	The grin Derek faked evaporated from him, “Bobby, you know we’re here for you.  If you need to talk about what happened yesterday--” 
	“I know what happened yesterday, Derek.” Robert interrupted with no tone to his manner. “I died.  My soul passed from this earth and I was ready for eternal consequence.  But something else happened, something I never expected.  I saw peace, and silence…and love.” He closed his eyes, arching his back with his arms behind him. 
	“That’s good,” Derek replied. “you’re a good man, Bobby.  There’s no reason you should be denied what you deserve.” 
	“I’m just trying to figure out if I liked it better dead in heaven…or alive in hell.”
	Derek gripped Rob’s right hand. “How can you consider this place hell?” 
	Robert turned his head to face him “All I saw on my tours in Afghanistan and Iraq were sickness, poverty, and destruction raining down.  This virus is going to end our world.  How can you consider this place not hell?” 
	Derek glanced back at Nicole’s sleeping form. “Because I’ve seen the good side of some things you’ve avoided altogether.  And my god, she is beautiful.” 
	Robert turned his eyes to see the blonde.  He chuckled. “Glad to see you’ve found who you’re looking for.” 
	“It’s not me she’s after, Bobby.  Maybe if you stopped worrying so much about everyone else, you’d see that some people have feelings for you.” 
	The younger man looked to the floor, unable to respond to what Derek said.  His elder left the building.  Shortly outside of the building, he stepped onto the radio. “This is Derek, everyone meet at the chapel in thirty minutes.” 
	At the meeting, Derek found himself stepping into the shoes of Robert.  With his guide recovering from a bullet wound and obviously scarred by what he saw in the afterlife, it was a real possibility he wouldn’t bounce back.  Major Warren stood at Derek’s side, ready to help whenever necessary.  His eyes counted nineteen bodies total.  Dan was also absent from their party, keeping a watch over Robert in the case of another complication.  Including himself, that put the number at twenty.  Everyone was here. 
	Finding a voice that people would understand and heed authority to was mandatory.  He needed to be strong in place of his injured leader.  Derek raised his voice. “I’m sure you’re all aware of what happened yesterday in Show Low.  If you haven’t, Bobby took a bullet.  Dan’s got him stabilized, so nobody needs to fret.  We’ve got one 
objective today: defense.  I want everyone to split up and find the more accessible parts of this camp.  The south and west side are most vulnerable, where eyes can see it from the 
504.  Regroup in ninety minutes so we can start putting the fencing up.” 
	Back at the health station, Robert sat still in his bed.  Daniel walked in with a cup of coffee. “You should try laying down for once in a while,” the doctor spoke as he poured the steaming caramel liquid into a mug. 
	“I lay down enough when I’m asleep or looking through a rifle scope.” 
	Dan nodded, “Stop thinking about guns while you’re at it.  You just need to focus on getting better.” 
	Robert didn’t look amused. “How long do you want me to stay in bed?” 
	“My recommendation is four to six weeks.” 
	A scoff, “Sorry, but no.  I have things to--” 
	“The bullet pierced an internal organ.  You’re lucky you’re not in septic shock right now.” 
	Rob shrugged, “The important thing is that I’m alive.” 
	“You’re only alive because I didn’t give up when everyone else did.  Come on, Bobby.  This is the least you can do to pay me back.” Robert stared at him with frustration. “I’m sorry, but I don’t trust the stitches won’t tear open the second you take a walk.” 
	“I trust your work, Danny.  You don’t have to worry about me.” 
	Daniel pulled a syringe from his vest pocket. “Don’t make me do this, Rob.  I don’t want to knock you out but if you don’t start thinking straight I won’t have an option.” 
	Robert let a faint grin spread across his face, Daniel’s eyes were piercing into his. “I see you finally got the balls to give me orders.  Fine,” Rob compromised. “I’ll stay in bed for you.  But four weeks is my limit.” 
	Dan tilted his head, putting the covered needle back in the pocket. “That’s good enough for me.  Now, stressing raw tissue doesn’t help it heal.  Lay down.” 
	Robert slowly lowered himself back onto the pillow.  Staring into a ceiling of white as glimmers of sunlight pierced the window’s blinds.  He let his eyes close, soon after hearing Daniel step out of the room.  Silence filled his ears only for a moment.  His eyes drifted open when Nicole uttered a groan.  She was waking up.  Rob slightly tilted his head to face her. 
	Sprawled on the couch, Nikki stretched her arms over her head while she yawned loudly.  Opening her eyes for the first time she looked into the same bland ceiling.  How did she fall asleep on this couch, she wondered.  Its comfort barely matched the cot she slept on nightly.  Her eyes drifted around the room until meeting Robert’s open 
eyes.  In that instant, everything else faded from her thought. “Bobby?” She asked, rising to her feet somewhat drowsily.  But a single second on her feet, she had all the coordination to stand properly without handicap. 
	“Hey, Nikki,” he spoke, looking into her deep blue eyes. “How are you?” 
	Nicole smiled.  One of her hands slid into Rob’s thick hair.  He liked the feel of her touch, the warmth of a single hand brought his skin to rise. “I’m better now that you’re awake.” 
	Rob reached up and grabbed her arm gently. “I said it once before, Nikki.  You shouldn’t waste your time on me.” 
	Nicole tilted her eyes. It was more irritation than anything else. “Once before? You’ve been saying that for the last two years, Robert.  Look around.  The world’s 
coming to an end--” 
	“I know,” he rubbed the stitching on his chest. “I felt a prime example of that yesterday.” 
	“Derek told me your heart stopped during the surgery. Are you okay?” Robert turned to face the window.  He didn’t speak, feeling as one of her hands touched his 
shoulder.  His breath became shallow to her soft, tender skin.  It’s like she knew what to ask next.  The spiritual bond she carried made it clear that God would be part of this conversation. “What did you see when you died?” 
	Rob removed her hand from his shoulder. “It’s strangely surreal to imagine what I saw.  It felt like a dream that I couldn’t wake up from.” 
	“Maybe it was a sign.” Nicole suggested.  Rob stayed silent. “You didn’t want to wake up from this dream, did you?” Robert shook his head in conformation, his eyes 
still staring at the piercing sunlight.  Nicole bit her lip, fighting off the tears. 
	“For the last eight years of my life, I didn’t think my sins could be forgiven.” 
	Nicole let the sadness fade from her face, replaced by a wide grin. “He saw your soul, saw that you’re pure of heart, righteous…” she brushed his hair, “caring,” Nikki 
added. 
	Robert turned to face her. “Do you love me?” he found the words coming out his mouth, retracting the question she asked him four weeks earlier. 
	She grinned, leaning in close to him. “That’s a relative question.  You have to answer it to me first.” 
	The injured man took a deep breath, staring into the bland white ceiling. “I died…and I found more than just peace.  I found someone I loved.  Her face was obscured by light, I couldn’t hear her voice over the ocean breeze.  But I could tell she was beautiful, even through the glare.  That angel guided me through a preview of heaven.  Back down here, I realized just who that angel was.” He smiled wide. “Yes…I do love you.” 
	Nicole kissed Rob on the lips.  The two savored the taste for several moments.  Daniel averted his eyes, sitting in the office and trying to doze off. A  few moments later, 
Nikki removed herself. “If that’s the case, then yes…I love you, too.” 
	In place of a small accomplishment, a full days worth of work had summoned itself upon the staff.  No construction workers, no landscapers.  It was just the twenty people, a third of which whom didn’t have the physical strength to help.  They’d been here for thirty one days before the hand of death shaved past one of theirs.  Taking the place of that one, Derek found himself forcibly charged in Robert’s place.  The two were a team from the beginning, always going to the other when a problem couldn’t be solved by a single control.  But change was inevitable.
	Not until Derek actually got the taste of leadership did he realize it wasn’t so easy.  That’s probably the reason Chris had been working the camp for more than twenty years.  Everybody wanted to be rid of him, but nobody was willing to handle the work in his stead.  Since the world ended, his company was permanent.  At Derek’s side, Jacob was more than willing to offer a hand. 
	Barely stepping out of the dining hall after his speech, Derek was stopped by Jacob. “You seemed a little tense in there,” Jacob asked, sliding a cigarette between his 
lips. 
	“What are you going to do when the world runs out of nicotine?” Derek asked, disregarding the statement shot at him. 
	Jacob sighed, “I try not to think about the bad things in life.” 
	“How could you not?” 
	“Don’t worry about me,” Jacob scoffed. “I’ve felt the worst a father could feel.  Lucky scars always heal with time.” 
	“Scars heal, but they’re still visible.” 
	“I’m just letting you know…I understand.”
	“Understand what?” Derek started toward the west gate, trying to fill his head with work. 
	“What happened yesterday, could have happened to anyone.  Either you or me could have been on that table just as easily as Rob.” 
	Derek nodded, thinking about it. “Yeah, but it wasn’t.” 
	“Everyone’s afraid.  Covering up and trying to act strong doesn’t remove that feeling.  I know because I’ve been there.” With a scoff, Derek started walking in silence. 
Jacob followed him. “I’ve seen friends die, just like you.  I’ve never been as lucky as you that they made it out alive.”
	Derek nodded. “I may not be a very religious guy, Jacob, but in all honesty I take yesterday as an act of God.  The fact remains that Rob’s still breathing.  I’m not trying to be strong for everybody.  In my eyes, this is just a temporary switch until Bobby can get back on his feet.” 
	Jacob finished taking a drag, stopped a few feet behind, and glanced at the adjacent building occupying Robert, Nicole, and Daniel. “Why are you doing this to yourself?” 
	“Doing what to myself?” 
	“Hiding your fears and emotions.” 
	“I’m not hiding anything.  This is practice.” 
	“Practice?” Jacob’s eyes thinned. 
	“You know exactly what I’m saying, Jake.  You’ve already got enough practice to make perfect being a Marine.” 
	Jacob scoffed, “I can’t believe what I’m hearing.” 
	Derek slid his jaw from one side to the other.  This was one of the few people Derek couldn’t keep away from.  He predicted Jacob to be on a mission to get the truth out of Derek by any means necessary. “We got lucky yesterday…but luck can only get us so far.  When people start to die, I don’t want to be the one cringing in solitude.” 
	Jacob shook his head, “You can’t compare this to events that haven’t taken place.  Nobody’s died yet, there’s nothing to practice.” 
	Looking at the ground, Derek sighed. “What do you want from me?” He asked. 
	Jacob took a step forward. “I want you to open yourself up.  I want you to know I’m here for you if you need a guide.” 
	Derek chuckled. “I’m a little rusty with the expressing myself thing.  Katie’s the only one whose gotten past the icing on the cake in the last ten years.” 
	“What does that say about you?” 
	“It says,” he looked at the names of both children etched into his right shoulder. “I was an addict, I was a fiend…and I didn’t earn the love my kids showed me.” 
	Jacob shook his head. “The last thing I wanted was for you to express your failed marriage and family.  As far as anyone’s concerned, we’re the only ones left.  The only decent ones left, at least.” 
	Derek rose his view from the ground, looking out across the camp. “I can’t imagine my kids as gone.” 
	“I’m not asking you to,” Jacob grabbed Derek’s forearm. “For all we know they’re both out there worrying about you right now.  Whether our paths cross with theirs is for God to decide.” 
	A single tear drew from Derek’s eye. “When Bobby stopped breathing…I didn’t know what to do.  Losing family is bad, seeing it happen right in front of you…” his 
mind trailed off as the memories all too bizarre encased and warped his thoughts. “I thought about the last things both my kids said to me.  I still remember what Quinn said to me the last time we spoke in person.” His head drooped down. 
	“That bad?” Jacob asked. 
	Derek nodded. “It was right after the divorce, he said ‘when you stop looking for an answer for your disease, I’ll give you the number for rehab.’ Quinn always scolded 
me for giving up too early.  The only thing I could finish on my own was a six-pack of Budweiser…and now Quinn’s gone.” 
	“What about your girl?” 
	“Sandra,” he looked off to the west. “I got to talk to her a couple of weeks ago.  Rob told me what was happening in Los Angeles.  She been a cop in San Diego for the last five years.  It’s not the career I would have wanted for her, but it’s not like I could stop her.  Every time I’m down, I think of what she said to me. ‘If we never speak or see each other again, always know that I’m with you.” Derek bit his lip, trying to conceive the possibility that they’d never see each other in this life. “Robert told me his opinion on something a few minutes ago.  He was trying to determine which he’d prefer: death in heaven or life in hell.”
	Jacob shook his head. “I don’t know what to tell either of you.  Life is hell, there’s no doubt about it.  But who expected hell would be such a beautiful place?” 
	“What do you mean?” 
	“I’ve only got one picture of Ally,” he drew it from a pocket on his BDU.  After giving it a glance, he smiled wide.  The portrait was handed to Derek, who accepted it.  The girl’s smile brought his spirits up. “She was nine years old, seen me maybe three or four times in her life.  I was part of some peacekeeping bullshit in Afghanistan a couple weeks after 9/11.  We all knew it was a powder keg waiting for a spark to ignite.  All of us were worried about getting killed.  Two hours before me and my spotter were deployed 
in the field, mail came in. 
	“When you’re three thousand miles away from your family,” Jacob continued “you may as well be dead.  Ally sent me a letter while I was over there.  I can’t remember the words of it, but it was the highest point in my military career.  Not even death could separate me from a love like that.”
	“What does that have to do with me?” Derek asked, returning the picture to its owner. 
	“You may not think they survived--”
	“Quinn told me he was infected,” Derek interrupted.
	Jacob solemnly paused for a moment.
	“Then there’s at least one person looking over you.”
	“I try not to deceive myself with faith, Jacob, but I appreciate the sentiment.”
	“There’s no deception here.  If a single contagion strand could kill millions of people, a single creator doesn’t seem that farfetched.”
	“When you put it in perspective.”
	“Just hear me out.  Don’t look for a negative, or you’ll never find what you want.  Stay optimistic and you will be rewarded for it, whether it be in this life or the next.”
 
Day 58
The Angel

 	After three weeks, Robert was deemed capable of full mobility.  It was safe to assume Daniel was too obsessed with his work.  Night was falling on the camp, and Robert managed to sneak out of the health station.  Only for the last three minutes had Daniel been looking for him.  As it was reported over a radio, Robert pressed himself against a dumpster fifty feet from the dining hall. 
	Daniel’s voice flooded a two-way radio only a few meters ahead of Rob. “Everyone, this is Dan.  Robert’s disappeared on me.” 
	Derek keyed in from the darkened location. “I thought you cleared Bobby this afternoon.” 
	“The side effects of his trauma could last several weeks longer.” 
	Derek chuckled, “What side effects?  He’s been fine since we got back.” The circle of a flashlight swung from one side of the dumpster to the other.  Rob inched himself out of the line of sight just before the light could manifest.  Silently, he drew a deep sigh.  He doubted anyone would seriously react to him leaving the health station.  But it remained a risk he wasn’t willing to take. 
	“His heart shut down during the surgery.  There’s a chance it could happen again.” 
	Derek scoffed. “How often does that happen three weeks later?” Silence followed over the line.  From a distance, Robert heard Derek start to walk in the other direction.  Rob leaned his head out from behind.  The gap between the two rose in a few seconds.  No response came from Daniel.  Derek had caught him in the act of trying too hard.  It brought Rob to grin. 
	Rob’s stomach growled.  He hadn’t eaten anything solid in the first two weeks after the operation.  Anything that went in over the past week was mashed up by Nicole personally per Daniel’s request.  A lot later than he hoped, Robert had become independent again.  From a further distance the same radio clicked on. “Derek, have you seen him?” Nicole’s voice rang out.
	A moment passed with no response, “Negative.  Wherever he’s gone, he must have taken the suit with.” Robert grinned from the sarcastic statement. 
	“Copy that,” Nicole answered over the radio. “I’m on my way, where are you now?” 
	“En route to the canteen,” Derek answered. 
	Robert left his cover, sprinting across the plane of darkness for the building fifty feet away.  Carefully closing himself off in the kitchen the sniper took a deep sigh of relief.  Out of their sight, out of his mind.  Finally, he could fend for himself.  Robert stepped around the corner, running right into Ben.
	“Good to see you walking around,” Ben stirred a cup of tea in the mug he held. 
	“Good to see you…right in front of me.” 
	Ben registered another transmission between Daniel and Chris. “Don’t worry, Bobby. I wouldn’t turn you in.” 
	Rob grinned. “I appreciate that.  What are you doing over here?” 
	“Filling up, same as you.”
	Rob shifted his gaze down, “Enjoy it while it lasts, we’re almost out of goodies.” He took a few steps past his much older co-worker.  On the counter, a bowl full of apples sat as the remains of tonight’s dinner.  Rob took one of the red fruits in his hand.  His bite tore off a healthy chunk from the succulent taste. “I miss eating solid foods.” he commented, looking back at Ben. 
	“Are you healthy enough to eat that?” 
	“Yeah,” Rob nodded after taking another bite. “the stitches have probably dissolved, the tissue all sealed up.” 
	“Good,” Ben replied. He drank a sip from his warm beverage. “Because if you fainted, I’d go into cardiac arrest trying to resuscitate you.” 
	Robert chuckled. “Don’t worry.” 
	The elder stepped out of the kitchen. “You have a good night, Bobby.” His gaze shifted to a sport of movement in his peripheral.  He chuckled loudly, “Have a really good night.” 
	Rob was confused at the humor that Ben exaggerated.  His head scratched while another bite ripped off the apple.  Inside the walk-in fridge he collected a bottle of cold water.  But stepping out, his eyes were introduced to something unexpected.
	Nicole stood outside the door, her arms folded and a faint smirk on her face. “Hey, Bobby.” 
	Robert grinned, “Hi,” this was awkward.
	“Dan wants to know where you are.”
	“About that--” Robert tried.
	“That’s not gonna fly this time, Rob.” Nicole reached for her radio.  Robert rushed toward her, grabbing her forearm short of her clicking the call button.
	“Please, Nikki.  Just let me have this one.” 
	Nicole’s eyes drifted from his palm around her arm to his eyes. “You look frightened.” 
	“I am,” Rob admitted. “I don’t want to spend another night in that room with Dan watching me all hours.” 
	Nicole shrugged. “It’s gonna cost you something,” she grinned. 
	Robert smirked.  His view darted around the kitchen.  Some lights were on, but nobody paid mind to it.  From eight until everyone eventually passed out at midnight, frequent raids would remove other chewables from this building.  Turning the lights out wouldn’t have a point.  Enjoy the faint spoil of electricity while it lasted, because only daylight would shine on them in time.  He leaned down and kissed her on the cheek. “How much is that?” 
	She pressed one of her palms on his shoulder. “I’d say about ten cents.” 
	Robert went down again, this time offering her a small peck on the lips. “And that?” 
	“Fifty,” Nicole said after pondering it for a moment. 
	“What’s it going to take for me to get past a dollar?” Nicole wrapped her arms behind his neck, her lips caressed over his for a long time.  Her eyes slid shut, entranced by the beauty of their relationship.  Over the last month, Rob had confided everything to her about his past, present, and what he believed of the future.  True to her nature, not once did she turn away in shame or embarrassment.  Instead, she offered him guidance where no clear path had been carved before.  His shining light, Nicole was Robert’s guardian angel in mind and the soul he intended to spent the rest of his life with on this earth.
	Nicole reserved herself from his lips. “You’ll have to owe me.”
	Robert laughed at her gesture. “I’ll make up for it somehow.” 
	“Don’t be too long.” Nicole started to the door, but Robert didn’t release his grip.  Her eyes shifted back across to him. 
	He smiled, seeing her eyes lash twice. “I remember a long time ago, you were talking about change.  A few weeks ago, change didn’t matter to me.  Then I realized it 
wasn’t the future, necessarily, but the people that were always changing.  It got me thinking.” 
	“How have you changed,” Nicole was intrigued. 
	“Well,” his gaze dropped to the floor for a moment. “I saw the afterlife…but it wasn’t near as beautiful as you.”
	She reached one of her fingers under his collar, twirling it around some of his chest hair. “You made every day shine for me since the storm arrived.” 
	“It’s not even hurricane season.” 
	Nicole rubbed his rough patch of facial hair. “I wish this could last forever.” 
	“What?” Rob asked. 
	Nicole guided him into the washroom of the kitchen. “This,” she reached down, sliding her shirt from over her head. 
	Robert stopped her short, “Wait,” he wanted to savor every moment of their relationship without diving into uncharted territory. “You think this might be a little 
fast?” 
	Nicole scoffed. “Too fast? We’ve been taking it slow for the last two years, Bobby.”
	“I figured something out after Show Low,” a grin spread over his face. “Live life to the fullest today, tomorrow you may not be here.” He reached in, kissing her on the cheek.  She already reached behind, tugging at the base of his tank top.  The pair found some trouble disrobing, as their lips couldn’t seem to separate.  Their breaths distorted every outward noise. 
	“What the hell?” Chris asked from the doorway, seeing Nicole sitting on the dryer and Robert’s waist between her legs. Both were partly disrobed, though Nikki hadn’t yet removed her bra. 
	Robert gulped, “Umm,” he tried to say.  Nicole laughed at his failure to respond. “This is a little embarrassing.” 
	Nicole turned her head, waving at the supervisor to her as well as Rob. “Hey, Chris,” she tried to sound innocent. “How’s your night?” 
	“It was great.  I thought we’d lost you, Bobby.” 
	Robert shrugged, “This place can’t seem to get enough of me.” 
	“No argument there.” 
	“So,” Nicole licked her lips. “What does this mean for us?” 
	Chris rolled his eyes. “You guys managed to write off every other rule in my book, but the no-smoking policy stays!” He stormed out of the washroom. 
	Nicole laughed, her forehead connected with his as he returned the same show of hilarity. “He doesn’t honestly think we’d smoke in here, does he?” Nicole asked. 
	“Depends,” Rob answered. “I’m already burning up.” The two kissed again.

Day 62
Fresh Air

 	As darkness of a late August morning slowly lifted way for sunlight, Robert stayed in bed.  For the first time in more than eight years, he’d found someone.  And this someone, it seemed, would share her life with him.  Over the last four weeks, Nicole frequently visited Rob at the health unit.  Yesterday was the first day Daniel considered Rob good enough to go without support.  The stitching to the organ and skin may not have completely deteriorated yet, but Rob couldn’t take sitting on a hospital bed under 
constant watch.  Almost a month, with Daniel only letting him make small, assisted movements.  His only reservation was that Dan didn’t help Rob shower or relieve himself.
 	Robert rolled onto his other side, lifting his frame from the bed so as not to invade the entirety of their covers.  Last night, Robert and Nicole had spent a night in the same 
bed.  Now, they were on the floor together, lying on two mats rather than hearing groans from the stress of added weight on the bunk bed.  A smile drew across his 
face as he looked at the young blonde facing him. “I found my angel,” he said, recalling his death a month earlier.  Light obscured his view from her façade in the dreamscape, but in reality she was clear as day, even in a moonless, overcast morning.  He brushed a finger along one of her bangs, rolling it back behind her ear. 
	With her eyes still closed, she smiled to his touch. “I see you’re up early,” she opened her eyes, displaying the ocean-blue of her irises. 
	“I just can’t stop looking at you.” 
	Nicole giggled. “Don’t let Chris hear.  We might be condemned to different cabins.” 
	“Not a thing in the world could separate me from you.” Rob scooted in, pressing his body heat against hers.  The coldness of thin blankets washed away in an instant.  Robert felt too hot, like he was about to break out in a sweat, but didn’t withdraw.  Leaning in, he closed his eyes and pressed his lips to hers. 
	Nicole accepted the kiss, feeling his grown-out beard poking into her delicate skin. “Your whiskers tickle,” she said as they parted. 
	“Sorry, I haven’t had much chance to shave.  The warden barely let me shower alone.” 
	“The warden?” 
	“Daniel,” Robert stated. “Four weeks in that hospice bed felt like it took up more time than the whole of my enlistment.” 
	“He saved your life, I think adhering to his wishful words was the best thing for you.” 
	Robert sighed, “Ever since that day, everything feels so different.  Like it’s not all just shades of gray.” He brushed her hair, “I never got to understand why I risked my life until it was too late.  Five years and the worst I got was scope-bit.” 
	“Scope-bit?”
	“Army terminology,” Robert said quickly, “When the recoil of the rifle hits your eye.” 
	Nicole released a sharp exhale, “I don’t want to think about guns firing.” 
	Robert leaned in, slightly pressing his forehead against hers. “You don’t have to, not anymore.” 
	“How can you be sure?” 
	“It’s been two months since the plague hit.  We’re two out of maybe a hundred people that still breathe life in Arizona.” 
	“That’s the scary part,” Nicole replied with solemn eyes. 
	“I’m not afraid of the undead.  It’s a tragic scenario, watching the rest of the world go to hell.  But we’re on an island.  We’re fifty miles from any major population, surrounded by hills and distant enough from any main road.  I doubt they’ll ever find us here.  Just know that you’re safe with me.” 
	“If I know that, I’ll never leave your side.” 
	Robert grinned. “I’m fine with that.” It caused Nicole to giggle again, spreading the grin on Rob’s face.  He would have stayed with her until the sun was rising.  Fortune never favors the lovers.
	“Rob, come in.” Melanie called over the radio.  Still on its receiver, Robert wondered why it was turned on. 
	“Damn it,” he swore silently. 
	Nicole planted a kiss on his lips before he was ready. “Go on, Sergeant.  They need you more than I do right now.” 
	Robert shook his head, “I’m not a Sergeant anymore.  Just a redneck living out in the woods, looking for a niche to fill.” 
	“You found me,” Nicole said, bringing Robert to smile out loud. 
	“Rob, do you copy?” Melanie inquired once again. 
	Robert took the radio, “Go ahead.” 
	A second went by in silence. “Bobby, go to secondary channel,” Derek invaded the communications. 
	Rob did as told, switching the radio frequency from channel two to four. “I’m listening.” 
	“The last couple of nights,” Melanie started, “I’ve been able to listen in on encrypted military communications.  Today, I think it may have gotten worse.” 
	“What do you mean,” Robert turned to Nicole, whose eyes pleaded for knowledge just as much as Rob’s ears. 
	Derek replied in Melanie’s silence. “They’re moving through Arizona…and they’re about to cross paths with the 504.” 
	“Isn’t that good?” Nicole asked. “Maybe the military can help us out.” 
	Robert shook his head, “You obviously never signed on.  No, they find us, the most we’ll be is a hindrance.  This complex would serve their uses perfectly as a base of operations.  I’m not willing to risk letting them in and wasting away our supplies, either.” He hit the radio, “I’m on my way,” Rob said, throwing a shirt over his head as spoke. 
	“Don’t strain yourself, Bobby.” Nicole said as Rob put his hand on the doorknob. “Try to make it there in more than five minutes.” Rob turned on the spot, dropping to his 
knees and planting a kiss on her lips.
	Removing his lips from hers, he smiled, “Stay safe.” 
	“Be careful,” her retort, looks more of anxiety than relief.  Robert nodded his head before rising and departing from the dorm.  Ignoring her plea not to run, he started off 
in a sprint.  He easily jumped over the pathway’s railing, crossing directly under Arizona cabin.  Once he touched pavement, the speed only amplified.  Down the trail he ran, a clear view on the dining hall almost a quarter mile away.  In a frame of two minutes from the start, he was past it, already cutting between the chapel and craft house on a clear heading for the dorms of Rimside.  Three and a half minutes passed.  The wound felt a little stiff, but nothing truly serious in his opinion.  Of course, his opinion didn’t compare to Daniel.  As he slowed his quick speed to a dull jog, the lack of exercise in a month had gotten to him.  He wiped a thin stain of sweat from his forehead before stepping across the threshold. 
	Inside, Rob spotted six heads turn to the opening door.  He nodded his head to Derek first, “Where are they at now?” 
	Melanie had been scanning the frequency for any more chatter.  At the moment, a simple tab came over the military comm regarding a mile marker they were passing. Melanie listened to it, “Right now, they’re about six miles out of Payson, en route to Show Low.” 
	“Where do you think they’re headed?” Miguel asked, no individual marked to answer. 
	“My guess,” Jacob said, reaching for a cigarette, “Fort Carson.” 
	Miguel tilted his head. “Where’s that?” 
	Jacob flicked a lighter to ignite the smoke when Chris rose to his feet, interrupting the Marine. “Not inside!”
	Jacob shot him a glance, the flame still lit in his hand.  The edging paper sizzled with the proximity to the heat.  He nodded a moment later, “I can respect that rule,” 
Jacob slid the 27 back in its place over his ear. “Fort Carson’s a little way in Colorado.  The Army made a community out of it.  Fourth infantry division’s home base.  Worked with few of those guys a while back.  I suppose this platoon is on its way for an ammo pickup or a new place to lay down for the night.” 
	“What do you say?” Derek asked. 
	Robert pondered it for a moment. “If they’re heading for Show Low, they won’t notice the 504.  I don’t trust them, nor do I want to.  We’ve survived this long without any assistance.” 
	“I’m glad to see us all in agreement,” Jacob said. 
	“So,” Chris said with a nod, “that’s how we’ll play this.  No contact.” 
	Robert nodded, “Stick with me, Derek.  We’re heading out to the highway.” 
	“Already,” Ben asked. “You barely got out of the hospice.” 
	With a scoff Rob replied, “Where’s Ben and what did Dan do to him.” 
	“I’m serious.” 
	“So am I, Benjamin.  Daniel said if I don’t push my limits, I’ll be fine.” 
	Derek glanced down at his wristwatch, “You’re on a shaky start.  We just called you five minutes ago, and I didn’t hear your truck pulling up.” 
	“I’m not gonna waste what little gas we have to make up for a morning run.” 
	As he finished, more traffic was sent over the military transfer. “Staff Sergeant Crawford, this is Bluth, report your status?” A hoarse voice asked. 
	A younger male replied over the comm, “First Sergeant, we’re just leaving Star Valley.” 
	“Copy that…how you doing, Ken?” the commanding officer asked. 
	Another voice stepped onto the receiver. “Just another day with not a tie in the world,” he sounded cold and ignorant. “Nothing but dead people to shoot for a hundred miles.” 
	Chris reflected on the thought saying “not quite.” 
	“We’ll bunk down in Show Low.” Bluth said aloud. “Mountain people might be a little better than down in the valley.” Robert shook his head, feeling the incision made 
last month to remove a bullet.  If anything, mountain people were as bad or worse. “Don’t worry about highway patrol, the road is ours.  Keep an eye out for obstructions and wild animals.  Call them as you see them.”
	“Thanks for the tip,” a younger male spoke. 
	“Collins, you guys picking up any other units in the area?” 
	Silence passed for a few moments before another tone threw itself into the mix. “Negative, First Sergeant…It’s safe to say we’re on our own.” 
	“Roger that,” Bluth replied before the line went empty. 
	Robert turned to Derek as silence followed. “Get your suit, get some water.  We’ll recon their convoy as they pass.” 
	“How long you guys going to be out?” Jacob asked. 
	Robert shrugged, “Maybe as long as tomorrow morning.  Why, you miss us going out?” 
	Chris threw his opinion. “No, but people start asking what’s going on when the superstars disappear.” 
	“Do what you do best,” Robert directed. 
	“What?” Chris asked. 
	“Feed them shit.” Jacob replied sarcastically. “I can make sure nobody worries until tomorrow,” he directed to Robert.
	Rob nodded. “Tell them whatever you want.  Say we went camping or something.” 
	“Why are you going to be out there so long?” Miguel was compelled to ask. 
	Rob hesitated, thinking of a kinder sounding excuse.  None came to mind, “I just need a break from all this.” 
	“Obviously not a break from Nicole,” Derek laughed. 
	Chris slid his jaw back and forth. “No doubt,” he answered with a nondescript sound. 
	Turning for the door, Robert waved him off. “I see you’re stuck with that picture memory.”
	“Damn right, I can’t wash laundry without thinking about Nikki’s ass on my suit.”
	“It’d probably be a good idea to get Nikki’s ass off your mind before lover boy proposes.” Derek chuckled.
	Robert rolled his eyes, “It’s way too soon to consider that, but I wouldn’t mind my girlfriend’s body off my employer’s mind.” He closed the door behind him.
	A few slow strides passed before Derek and Jacob trotted out of the dorm room.  Jacob fed the cigarette between his lips, lighting up their surroundings en route to the dining hall.  During their walk, Derek couldn’t let it out of his mind. “Why are you so concerned about this, Rob?  If they end up finding us, whose to say they won’t help us out?  You heard it yourself, they’re on their own too.” 
	The group leader cut a short length of eye-to-eye, embracing the dry air of a cold, October morning.  He was about to speak, but Jacob replied before words formed in Robert’s head. “Sorry to burst your bubble, Derek.  The world operates on a whole different level since that plague dropped.  Our faction is one of potentially hundreds of 
others.  If you ask me, anyone who can get their hands on this place will.” 
	“Trust is hard to come by,” Rob added. “And since the downfall of this country’s infrastructure, economy, and any social order whatsoever, making friends isn’t so easy as 
it used to be.” 
	Derek nodded. “Are you worried about any of these groups finding us?” 
	Jacob sighed. “Why do you say some of the best things to get me down?” 
	“It’s just a question, Jake.” 
	Robert scratched one of his eyes. “To be honest, yes.  I am worried these first two months won’t be as peaceful as the next two years.  I’m surprised the undead haven’t run across our camp yet.” 
	“Why are you so worried about the zombies out there?” Jacob asked. 
	Robert retorted in question, “What do you mean?” 
	“I went through seven different theatres of operation, three of which were classified assignments.  And those guys were capable of running and firing a weapon at 
you.  The infected are slow, dumb bastards who don’t even have the coordination to walk a straight line.  At least with them, we’ve got the advantage of distance and speed.  Living beings, not so much.  This is a difficult situation to understand, that’s why we’re keeping it under lock and key.  Nobody who needs to know about the Army, won’t.” 
	Derek opinionated. “I thought man would be combining forces to unite and defeat this threat.” 
	Robert shook his head, reflecting on his Staff Sergeant. “From what I heard, there was a strict no-shoot policy on the infected during its first few days.  That culminated in the nuclear detonation when the number of undead didn’t level off and no vaccine was created.” 
	“Why weren’t they cleared to engage?” Derek asked as the three entered the double-doors.  The respective ghillie suits of three were hung up on the far wall. 
	“They brought morality into the issue,” Jacob replied, “then they put the gun to their own head.” 
	“Exactly.” Rob followed. “Everyone was so caught up in the idea of shooting unarmed American civilians that they were put on ROE.  The educated ones suffered worst, taking to the streets to kill off the plague and getting shot in the back by military personnel who saw them more as more of a threat than the undead.” 
	Derek sighed. “It makes you wish you could go back, doesn’t it,” he threw the mossy veil over his face, obscuring it.  Jacob took a seat in a chair against the wall. 
	Robert shook his head, “Truly, no.  I’m fine that the outside world is gone.  If it hadn’t been for that bullet, I’d have never seen what I was missing.” 
	Jacob shook his head, “I’m glad at least one of us gained something,” the tone sounded envious. 
	“I didn’t mean anything to put you out, Jake.” 
	The Marine looked out the window. “Don’t worry, Bobby.  I’ll survive just like the rest of you.” Robert and Derek left the building to Jacob alone.  Once he was clear 
they were away, his thoughts drifted to Alyssa and all the goodness she brought him.  She was his angel.  When his wife divorced, he retired his name from the Marine Corp.  A week after he left, his platoon in Afghanistan suffered a surgical ambush, in which three soldiers previously under his command lost their lives.  Alyssa delivered him from evil.  Remembering the promise he made to her before her death, a drop slid from his eyelid down his cheek.
	A path had been formed by Robert to keep them clear of the service road.  If a car were to roll up along the road, they would be exposed.  For six years, Robert’s only 
true friend came in the silence of the wild and the opaque shield of nightfall.  With the rising sun that job became detrimentally harder.  Human vision wasn’t built to sustain 
at night.  Rob was one of the few exceptions still breathing. 
	Reaching the highway after fifteen minutes of straightforward walking through uneven forest terrain, neither of the two saw anything of true interest.  Derek fell 
to the ground again, notably tired from the distance and the weight of his suit. “Damn,” he said, taking a few sips from a bottle of water strapped to his suit. “I thought the walk 
wouldn’t have been so hard.” 
	Robert wiped sweat from his brow. “It’s been a while since I got out.  I don’t remember it being that tough.” 
	“You did spend the last few weeks in a bed, in case you forgot.” 
	“How could I forget?  Every time I woke up, there was a beautiful girl standing over me.” 
	Derek smirked, taking a drink from his canteen. “I’m glad you got with Nikki.” 
	“I feel like an idiot.”
	“Why?” Derek asked. 
	Robert cut a glance at him short. “I’ve been working here for the last two years…every day she kept trying to be a part of my life.  But it wasn’t until I died that 
I realized what she was to me.” The distant roars of engines shortened their conversation. “You hear that?” 
	“Yep,” Derek loaded the first bullet into his rifle. 
	“Not a lot of sound, they must have staggered their convoy.” Two minutes later, both of the ghillies had dropped into the vegetation.  Eyes peering through the scopes, a single truck painted a dull green with a mounted gun on top sped past their position. 
	Sitting in the passenger’s seat of the lead humvee, First Sergeant Bluth heard a transmission from the next squad a few miles back. “Hey, Walt,” one of the Air Force 
techies sent. 
	He put the two-way to his mouth, “Yeah, McKown?” 
	“A few miles up, pull off.  There’s something everyone needs to know.” 
	Walt shook his head, “Why can’t you send it over the radio now?” 
	Hesitant moments passed, every one of the soldiers listening intently to the conversation. “Talon,” he spoke after determining the appropriate word to say. 
	“Confirm.” Walt requested. 
	McKown sent his transmission a split second later, “Affirmative, First Sergeant.” 
	The First Sergeant turned his head as they drove past the hilltop Circle K.  The codeword didn’t bode well with him.  Departing Phoenix and being cut off from the 
rest of their company, Walt’s platoon didn’t know who to trust.  Military communications were hard enough to tap into, but someone in such a rural area had done so. “Understood.” he stepped off the radio. “Private Olsen,” he turned his head to face the nineteen year old enlisted rifleman in the back seat. “You’re familiar with this land, right?” 
	“I grew up in Show Low,” Olsen nodded. “But the only time I ever drove through here was on my way to Phoenix.” 
	“Are there any landmarks in town, preferably out in the open?” 
	“This town is condensed into the forest.  You aren’t going to find much ‘out in the open’ until we’re past Bison Ranch.”
	Walter turned around. “Alright, Bryce.” his gaze shifted to the Staff Sergeant driving the humvee. “Keep driving until the road widens.  We’ll stop and take advantage of the sunlight.” 
	“Hoo-ah,” Bryce replied instantly. 
	Walter clicked back onto the two-way. “All squad, we’re stopping on the roadside once we get into town, how copy?” Five affirmative responses were delivered by the other squad leaders. 
	From the dense forest, both Robert and Derek spotted as the next three humvees rolled by, every one spread between two and three minutes in time.  The convoy’s speed remained cautious, since every bend bore an anomaly.  Cars may have been stopped in the road, wildlife killed while crossing, or undead traversing the blacktop.  As the fifth shot by, Robert lifted himself from his prone stance into a seat against one of the trees. “That 
was a nice break from the ordinary.” 
	Derek scoffed. “You call this ordinary?”
	The other took a moment to reply. “It’s more ordinary than you’re used to.” 
	“What do you mean by that?” 
	“Back in Afghanistan, there was this trend we fell into.  The outside world didn’t matter, because everybody who we ran into may well have been an insurgent.  We just couldn’t see it.  Today, that same trend is showing itself.  The world doesn’t matter, because everyone still alive is a loose cannon.  Every infected is just a drone looking for a 
purpose to serve.  So yeah, this is my idea of ordinary.” 
	A few miles away, Walter stepped out of the lead humvee.  They had parked on a hilltop over viewing the small town’s high school football field.  Smoke filled the First Sergeant’s lungs while the fifth truck came to a stop alongside the other four parked diagonally.  In the distance, the sixth and final Army transport maneuvered its way 
around cars on the roadway, eventually stopping in line like the others. 
	From the fourth truck, Senior Airman McKown stepped out of the back seat.  In his palm, a handheld device that Walt wouldn’t have ever figured out. “What’s going on?” he implied directly. 
	The young man looked around at the small town, as if someone was looking back at them. “Someone’s piggybacking our signal.  For the last ninety minutes, they’ve been able to hear every word and track our whereabouts.” 
	“You know where they are?”
	“Anywhere within fifty miles.  The signal was getting stronger all the way up the rim, but it started to taper off right after the gas station back there.” 
	“Damn it,” Walter didn’t like unknowns spying on his platoon. “Alright, we stick to the plan.  Last word, the rest of our company is in Denver.  We keep driving, make a 
detour to Fort Carson and rearm.  Can you determine where this monitor is coming from?” 
	McKown nodded. “Yeah, but it’ll take some time with the tech we run on and no map of the area.” 
	Walt sighed. “Chances are we’ll keep driving ‘til we hit the east coast.  If this thing really has spiraled out of control, we go for New Orleans.”
	“What’s in Louisiana?” Logan asked.
	“The Lieutenant’s family.  His dying request was that we try to save his kin.”
	Mike shrugged, “Sounds like a lost cause, but I wouldn’t mind a Cajun dinner.”
	“Keep an eye on that signal, tell me when we drop off their radar and mark it.  We may need a backup plan and they’re in short supply these days.”
	“Do you think that’s a smart idea, Walt?” Chad asked, his back against one of the trucks.  Walter tilted his head.  Chad shrugged, “If they’re smart enough to hack encrypted US Army channels, they have to have some sort of background or degree.”
	“Your point?”
	“They’re smart.  They know to defend themselves from a direct threat.  If they’re like some of those unfortunate people in California, they’d rather draw a gun on us than shake hands.”
	“I said this was only a backup plan for if our company really is fucked and we need to go off the grid.”
	“Okay, I’ll remind you then.”
	With a nod, Walt gave the order. “Load up.” The twenty-six man platoon, remains of what had once been plus forty, each took seats in their respective vehicles, continuing on the seemingly endless road. 
	Robert didn’t move from his post as sunset struck their feet.  A call came in from Nicole over the radio. “Bobby?  Where are you?” 
	Robert chuckled before taking the radio. “I’m fine, Nikki.  We decided to spend the night out, just in case that convoy comes back.” 
	“Be careful,” she said. 
	Robert didn’t ever think about being careful.  His entire life was based on taking risk after risk.  In fact, Nicole was one of those risks he accepted wholeheartedly. “Stay safe,” he sent back. 
	A few moments later, Chris stepped onto the line. “Rob, go to secondary channel.” 
	Derek was surprised to hear Chris asking that of him. “What do you think he wants?” 
	“I don’t know,” Robert clicked the channel to four. “Go ahead, Chris.” 
	“Melanie kept an eye on that transmission.  A little in town, the platoon stopped and talked about something.  Before that, somebody put in a codeword or something.” 
	“What do you think they were talking about?” 
	“Unknown,” Chris answered, “but Melanie’s sure it had something to do with us hacking their frequency.  They sounded urgent to get off the radio.” 
	Rob took a deep breath. “Shit,” he swore under his breath. 
	Derek sent his opinion in proposal. “They know about us?” 
	“I hope that doesn’t come back to haunt us.” 
	The day drew past noon as both men remained entirely alert.  This was the first time they’d been out in two months.  Everything was variable in a world of the undead.  If it was only a problem of the Americas, Robert would have expected to see more bombs rising in the distance.  But nothing looked bad in the present.  Wildlife frequented their view, birds as well as elk and deer.  Seeing the sun setting, Derek lifted his canteen to find it out of water. “Damn,” he sighed. “it’s getting late.” 
	Robert woke from a half sleep he’d naturalized himself into, “Yeah.”
	“You want the first shift?” 
	Rob accepted, “Yeah, but I’ve got a better idea.  If you can go ‘til midnight I can go ‘til dawn, then we leg it back to camp.”
	“Deal,” Derek leaned himself against the tree, watching as the sun slowly disappeared and left them in its wake of reflective light. 

Day 63
Preventative Measures

	Only a moment in a semi-conscious state took the full time of four and a half hours.  Derek shook awake feeling as drowsy as soon as he fell into a black sleep.  Rob’s voice penetrated the thin layer separating him from the real world and fiction. “D, wake up.” Rob shook Derek’s by the shoulder roughly enough to draw him awake. 
	Derek quickly opened his eyes, looking around as the blackness of night remained above him. “Doesn’t look like dawn to me.” 
	“Two o’clock, multiple foot-mobiles and vehicles.” 
	Though half asleep, he snapped his head to the right.  At the Circle K where the team had gone many times in the last two months, seven non-military trucks occupied 
the parking lot.  Some were getting pumped up while others were parked right up to the store entrance. ‘How considerate,’ Robert thought, ‘they didn’t even save the handicapped space.’ 
	Derek took a look through his scope.  Examining each individual he saw, “Damn.  Where’d they get that kind of armament?” More than half of the men were stocked 
with AK’s, extra banana clips running down their vests. 
	“Anyone’s guess how they got them.  Doesn’t matter anymore.  They have it now and they’re right up our alley.” 
	“When did they get here?” Derek checked his rifle to find it still loaded.  Good, he wasn’t shooting it off in his sleep like he was starting to think. 
	Rob slipped the Ruger handgun from the holster strapped to his right leg. “About two minutes ago.  As long as I was shaking you.  I could have sworn you were dead with how hard I was hitting you.” 
	“I’m a heavy sleeper when I’m not sticking to two hour sleep shifts.” Derek lied.  He felt he never even went to sleep, that time just skipped like a DVD chapter. 
	“I saw two guys go in when they first got there.  My gut says they’re talking about something.” 
	“Your gut’s still recovering from a bullet wound too.” Derek joked. 
	Robert chuckled. “Nice one,” he admitted. “You wanna get a little closer?” 
	Derek licked his lips. “I don’t know, do you?  It’s only been a month since you died, why don’t we see if we can do it again.” It was obvious Derek wanted nothing to 
do with the men he immediately saw more of, and with more powerful artillery.  His SIG would do a decent job against living beings.  But running a semi-automatic, twelve round magazine against a thirty bullet automatic was like bringing a knife to a gunfight.  If anything less, at least the knife was sharp.
	Rob sighed. “Think about it, Derek.” 
	“Why don’t you think about it first?” Derek shot back before Robert could add more. “Do you have a death wish?” 
	“Come on, this is nothing compared to Ramadi.  I could take out half of those men with a five-shot clip.” 
	“That’s you, Rob,” Derek stated. “You’ve got a military career.  I’ve shot two people and one was a mercy execution.”
	“That means you haven’t lived yet.” Robert rose to his feet. “If those guys for some odd reason make a random turn down the 504, all bets are off.  These guys look 
organized and ours aren’t so ready to fight for their lives.  Most of them are still adapting to the recoil of a single shot.” 
	A smile slid from the irritated, sleepy face. “So we need to set up a distraction?” 
	“I was hoping you could.  I’ve got to get in there and hear what they’re saying.” 
	The smile faded as quickly as it appeared. “That makes me feel a lot better.” 
	“Look at the bright side.  I told you we’d be back out here to fulfill that fantasy of yours. Just try not to set the forest on fire.” Rob rose to his feet, approaching the highway.  Derek looked up to see the infinite black slowly evaporating into blue.  He reluctantly stood where his bed had been, and jogged to Robert’s side. 
	In the half moon’s light, the two figures easily disappeared into the darkness as they crossed the highway in three strides.  Rob dropped to a knee and spun around.  A foot past, Derek followed into a crouch, but kept his eyes on the front.  The sniper gave the surrounding trees a look to their rear.  No visible contact.  He took the lead again, trading off his rifle for his pistol.  The two advanced thirty feet further in the black forest.  Their eyes were developed for night vision. 
	Rob dropped down again, this time removing a slim cylinder from a patch on his left leg. “I forgot to mention that a sniper’s best friend is always stealth in the foremost.” 
Derek took a moment to notice it was a suppressor for his firearm.  Robert handed over his P95 after the silencer was fastened to the barrel. “Trade me,” he said. 
	“What are you gonna use?”
	Rob retrieved a combat knife from his boot sheath, “Don’t worry,” twirling the handle through his fingers, “I trust myself.” 
	“That makes one of us.” 
	Robert continued forward through the darkness with Derek a few paces behind.  They slowed their movements to avoid detection. “I’m going in through the back way.” 
	Derek didn’t know what to think of his objective in this mission.  If he screwed up here, it’d probably kill them both. “I don’t know how I let you talk me into this.” 
	Rob chuckled, “I’m very convincing.” He stopped and fell on his belly.  Derek dropped next to him a few moments later. “Two men, one o’clock.  Range 50 feet.” 
	“What do you want to do?” 
	“They’re right between us and our objective.  Move in slow.  They’re looking right at us, but the lights dimmed their view.” Robert slid his rifle onto his back, beginning a stealth crawl, moving each limb in a fluid, slow pattern to cross the battlefield.  Twenty feet closed the gap in a stretch of eleven seconds.  Rob stopped. “Take the one on the right.  He’s closer and he’ll pass me so I can take out the left one.  As soon as I go up, shoot him.  No mistakes.” 
	“Easy for you to say.” The two stopped about five feet further.  They waited as the two sentries donned flashlights.  With their weapons camouflaged by the vegetation just as their entire bodies, the figures were invisible to the spotlights flashing right on them.  Derek gulped as sweat beaded around his palms gripping the silenced pistol.  Robert closed his eyes, focusing on the sounds of approaching footsteps.  The first passed within a foot of his head, where he suddenly stopped.  Derek cringed, thinking one of them had been spotted.  Robert remained steady, focused on the final guard approaching directly to 
his front.  The gap shut to a single foot before Robert jumped. 
	Robert attacked from within the darkness of the soldier’s shadow.  He thrust his blade into his opponent’s neck.  Rob abruptly twisted the knife in the lesion.  The rapidity of the gesture shredded through the throat, bleeding in and drowning his neck in fluid in a matter of seconds. 
	Derek launched two rounds at the hostile who raised arms after movement caught his peripheral.  With his grip of the weapon, the ballistic shot only a few centimeters from his chin.  One round slashed through the hostile’s right leg.  The man fell backward with the jolt of contact rendering his foot useless.  In desperation he turned his weapon on the strangely dressed soldier putting a knife through his partner’s neck.  Derek aimed the silenced weapon straight in front of him and hammered out three more bullets in rapid succession.  He took care to lift the aim before releasing his third bullet.  All three hit soft flesh.  Two blasted through his left arm, disabling his ability to pull the trigger.  The last blew through his chin, killing him long before his body hit the floor.  Two to the chest, one to the head.
	Robert turned to examine Derek’s mark as it plopped lifeless beside him.  He had risen to a stand after striking his enemy.  Stealth in mind, the sniper scanned the terrain while holding his slain victim in good hand.  He dropped the body but held his posture.  Derek rose to a stand after Rob confirmed nobody else had seen or heard their strike. “That could have been a little better.” 
	“He stopped to look at you,” Derek replied. “I’m surprised he didn’t shoot when you jumped up.” 
	“Good thing you had my back,” Rob said with a smile. 
	“That strong suit is getting weaker by the minute.” The two moved forward another hundred feet, surrounding the tree line just outside of the light.  Four men were at the doorway, surrounding the south side, a few yards across from the diagonal pumps.  Another six were by the trucks, although reserve power had been preserved for the store 
only.  When directly north, they spotted a gap in the security.  Nobody was watching the north side, although it remained in direct light. 
	Rob pressed himself against a tree, partly illuminated by the light but still in thick brush. “Follow my lead.  Gimme a boost.  I’m going in through the roof.” 
	“What should I do about the half dozen by the pumps?” 
	“The pumps aren’t lit.  Sneak around slow from the highway.  If you take fire, I’ll cover you.  Pull back to the forest ASAP if that happens.” 
	Derek thought about the mission presented to him.  A few moments of doubt passed his mind.  If they spotted him he was dead.  But if matters turned for the worst, so was everyone else.  He nodded.  Robert started into a sprint, exposing himself fully.  Derek pursued a split second later, sticking five feet to his back.  They both hit the wall, Rob covering with his rifle west and Derek with the silenced pistol east.  Their ears adapted over the heavy breaths and quickly pumping hearts.  Nobody noticed their presence.  With a nod from Robert, Derek lowered to a knee, his fingers intertwined underhand to provide a boost to the roof.  Rob put his left leg in Derek’s hand, then launched his right foot from the concrete.  In the same instant, Derek lifted the cutback weight. 
	Robert clutched the edge of the roof with both hands, pulling himself up to his waist.  Using muscles he thought he’d lost, the sniper rolled himself onto the roof without any thought of slipping or mention of effort.  Derek immediately shot back across the illuminated parking lot, disappearing into the brush and beginning a careful journey around.  On the roof, the shadowed being quietly skimmed to the ventilation unit.  Nobody was on the roof, so the two were in luck.  Robert threw the sniper rifle over his back, drawing in its place a Ruger P95 handgun.  At the unit, a quick peel of the vent’s screen didn’t make enough sound to arouse suspicion. 
	Rob climbed into the shaft.  He sparked a lighter, finding the shaft led into a central unit on the ground.  The only thing that preceded him was another screen leading into the control room.  Rob left the ground, falling almost three meters and hitting solid steel on the ground.  At the point of impact, he withdrew his legs to reduce the sound, rapidly cutting his descent until he was in a crouch.  The screen snapped loose without more than a simple click.   Colliding with the ground, under the anchor of the operative’s boots, the light obstacle didn’t bounce around and cause more noise.  Back on the ground, Robert treaded carefully, fully aware that the sound was still fairly loud.  However, no noises penetrated from outside the unit he occupied. 
	Slowly, Robert crawled to one of the walls where an emergency valve was set on a releasing panel.  With a deep breath, he carefully twisted the valve until a faint hiss of air confirmed it was open.  Great care was taken to lay the metal panel on the tile floor on the other side of the unit.  It was as dark on the other side, but a trace of light gave Robert the belief of a doorway into the store.  He slid out from the small grating, where a conversation came to his ears.  Rob rose to his feet, approaching the closed door with 
a line of fluorescence peeking under its brim and pistol in both hands.  At the edge, he put his back to the wall and listened.  Two voices were muffled, one being a lower pitch from an older male, and a younger male with a more commanding tone.  Despite the reduction of sound, Rob’s ears were developed enough to make out the words.  It was only one doorway, after all, between him and his foes. 
	Beyond that threshold, the story was entirely different.  And a sinister creature whom Robert hoped would never trek these lands had a face brimming with confidence on the other side. “This is only the first of many places we’ll go.”
	“We’ve scared the military out of this state,” his younger counterpart spoke up. “But whose to say they won’t come back?”
	“Their forces are in disarray.   Fighting for this state would only cost them more lives.”
	“That’s a risky statement to be making.”
	Travis chuckled, “Our militia grows with every passing day.  In less than a month, every faction in Arizona will be on my side or dead.” Robert’s skin rose from the statement.  It was bold, but the voice that spoke the words matched an authoritative and merciless tone. “By this time tomorrow, recruitment will begin in Albuquerque.”
	“Good.”
	“I don’t want to disappoint you, Staff Sergeant, but I need you to stay here.”
	“What?”
	Travis sighed, “I didn’t start this matter here for no reason.  I’m looking for somebody.  And where I have a priority committed to scourging the undead, I cannot look for one man.”
	“The sniper?”
	“Yes.” Robert froze as the revelation hit him.  Travis Greer stood on the other side of that door.
	“I can’t make any promises, sir.”
	“I only ask that you try…and should you find him, don’t kill him.  Report to me before any actions are taken.”
	“I can’t promise that either, Colonel.  If he draws down on me, I’ll have no choice but to fire.”
	“Then shoot to wound and bring him to me.  Whatever it takes, his life is mine.  We just need to find him first.”
	“Understood.”
	“What’s the status on your unit back in Payson?”
	“As of now, they’re still recruiting and clearing the dead out of the area.  A squad of thirty guys can do a lot.” 
	The number Rob heard made his heart drop.  Back at the camp, there weren’t even ten people with proper training.  Facing off against these people would be suicide.  Robert pulled the hammer of his pistol.
	“How’s recruitment going?” 
	“Not so many men willing to fight, lots of families just trying to get away from it all.” 
	“Set up camp in this area,” Travis ordered. “I’ll be back in a few months.  From there, we’ll start combing this area for the infection.” 
	“Why aren’t we all moving together.” 
	“Because petroleum is a limited commodity in this economy, as is tire tread.  I’m only moving out with half this unit.  The rest of you scan this area for a place to set up.  I spotted a turnoff for a lake a little way toward Payson.  We’ll do best with a reservoir, water’s just as hard to find.” 
	“What if you can’t contact me when you return?” 
	“This station.  Meet me here on…” his voice faded, replaced by a couple footsteps closer to the door “December 30th.” 
	“It’s gonna be cold as hell that day.  This place is elevated enough for heavy snowfall.” 
	“Well, improvise.  It’s what we’ve been doing from day one.”
	“Didn’t mean nothing by it, sir.”
	“Any questions?” 
	“I might lose track of the exact date.” 
	Travis chuckled, “How many scouts do you need to watch one building?”
	“How long are we going to build up this militia?”
	“As long as necessary to eradicate this infection.  And I want us to be a force no number of zombies will , is that understood?” 
	“Clear as glass, Colonel.”
	“See you soon.” Robert waited in silence.  There was only one route of escape, since climbing back up the vent shaft wasn’t possible.  He’d have to wait for inside the building to be deserted, however. 
	Several meters away, Derek crawled up against the edge of the gas pumps.  Immediately behind him the highway shimmered some of the moon’s reflected sunlight.  Derek removed his ghillie hat, slowly lifting his head over the curb.  Right beside half of the vehicles being gassed, eight men were spread out between four trucks Derek prepared to go when two more stepped out of the front door.  Three sentries lingered at the door behind the two squad leaders.
	The lights clicked on, dropping Derek beneath the curb an instant before his figure could be revealed in the darkness.  His heart raced, every inch of his body squeezing into the earth below.  The three vehicles on the pumps directly ahead were piled up with five men who soon enough departed  Another five remained by the pumps while two more stepped into the building to collect sustenance. 
	Derek lifted himself from cover, seeing no bodies directly in his sight.  Before he knew it, his mind was pushing him headlong in their direction.  Derek slid behind the wide pump twenty feet away, breathing heavily not from the physical exertion but the expectation of an agonizing death.  No voices raised, no weapons fired.
	He took a glance around the corner, seeing one man with a cigarette less than ten feet away.  However their line of sight was cut by a large truck.  It helped conceal his movements.  Derek raised the pump from its hold.  Moments later, he drew a knife and ripped the ATM receiver off.  The pumps still had a little charge, a little electronic tech he could hack with his background. 
	The operative cut a variation of colors from red, blue, yellow, green, white, and black.  Stripping the wires was simple business, but it took a little time to do.  Besides 
that, the moonlight was the only source that aided his vision.  He slid the chrome and copper endings against one another, failing to receive a charge between the green and 
red to any crossing color.  The fear was starting to get to him, a looming presence of the sentry only ten feet away.  Finally, black scraped against yellow, and a small flicker of 
electric current arced from one wire to another.  A loud beep emerged from the pump, drawing the attention of two of his adversaries.  Derek pressed the low grade fuel in the 
pump, quickly squeezing and locking the nozzle’s pump. 
	By the time petroleum started flowing from the hose, a gunshot echoed.  Derek withdrew behind the pump.  He couldn’t fire this close, but he couldn’t stay here or he’d get blown up.   The vapor of gasoline filled his nose virulently.  Running from cover was his only option, but nobody could cover him.  He’d have to use the pumps to his advantage.  Another set of pillars and the two north-most pumps were his only source of cover.  Maybe they’d be scared to shoot at a target inside the pumps.  One way or another, he had to go…now. 
	Derek sprinted away from the pump, using the raised concrete to force his weight off.  He sprinted into the sight of multiple people, including the two at the door.  Gunfire started to echo directly behind and to his left.  Thoughts came simple even though the sound drowned out any positive enforcement.  His mind said ‘one foot in front of the other’ and that was all he needed to comprehend.
	Getting to the final pumps, he grabbed the edge and swung himself behind it.  The gunfire ceased in that instance.  He heard the voices of sentries flanking around by the highway.  Derek’s eyes scanned the next potential cover, of which none was found but the forest at least fifty feet further.  His mind raced, but it all surrounded one centralized thought of ‘now what?’ 
	Robert slipped through the door after two sets of footprints raced past it.  He opened himself to fluorescence of electricity which initially blinded the soldier of darkness.  He left the maintenance room, directly across from a door to the refrigerated store room.  Two men had started for the wedged open doorway fifteen feet away.  Only one thing partially obstructed their vision from Rob in a stacked column of magazines on a stood up podium.  No bullets would be absorbed by the podium or the pages, he’d have to improvise if they spotted him.  Luckily, they were focused on the opposite direction. 
	Robert quietly ran across the room, pressing against a counter adjacent to the cash registers.  When he spotted one of the men leave the safety of the building, he started 
toward the other.  His mark made a sudden turn in his direction when Rob’s ghillie suit knocked something off the counter.  Robert didn’t hesitate, pushing himself into a sprint and launching his knife into his target’s gut.  The wound still fresh, he forcibly lifted the knife in his victim, cutting into several organs up to the sternum.  Before the man knew it, he was gutted like a fish and dead on the ground.  Not another noise to be heard. 
	Robert peeked his way to the edge of the store entrance, looking around the corner to see at least three men crossing the pumps.  More investigation showed visibility of Derek.  His location was also determined by the other sentry who left the store.  When the soldier raised his gun, Robert was left no choice.  He fired, shooting the man in the back twice.  The strangely different discharge turned several eyes to the store. 
	An opposing member lifted his rifle, stepping right onto the gas-soaked cement.  Three gunshots tore through the side of the doorway.  Robert rolled deep into the store 
to avoid the gunshots.  As a successive burst was fired, the spark caused an ignition in the vapors.  The first responder and another were ignited in a flash fire rolling everywhere.  Moments later the PVC hose was ignited, leading back down into the tank below.  A fireball exploded from the tank five feet around and high as the fifteen foot ceiling.  The three surviving soldiers were blown back by the abrupt shockwave.
	Robert sprinted out from his cover as another explosion ripped up the second tank.  Derek, by this time, had already been sprinting north to the woods.  In fifteen seconds, the two were regrouped several meters deep into the forest.  Robert glanced behind, looking at the fuel station corrupted in burning petrol. “Nice work,” Rob remarked at the chaos he heard. 
	Derek nodded, “Did my best.” 
	Robert scanned the horizon through the steady flames.  Three forms in the distance caught his eye. “Hit the floor,” both fell where they stood, separated two meters.  In all of twenty seconds, the three man patrol approached closely.  Robert held the knife under his waist, waiting for them to be discovered.  Derek’s silenced weapon was still in his hands.  The first set of feet stepped through the darkness, pressing against his shoulder lightly.
	The suspect didn’t feel anything human to the last step he’d taken, yet stopped at that moment while his eyes adjusted to the dark forest. “Damn it,” the voice of the younger male from inside the station. 
	“We gotta go, Reyes,” another of them said, “Whoever these guys are, they’re better than us.” 
	“They just got lucky.” 
	“We got to get our truck off those pumps before they get lit up too.” 
	Reyes growled, “We just lost four men to two.” 
	“Exactly,” a third man with thick accent said. “They don’t matter.  When Travis gets back, we’ll wipe whatever resistance is out here off the map.” 
	Derek clicked the hammer of his pistol fully prepared to murder these people, for they had threatened the existence of the survivors and their method of survival.  No response was brought about by the silent click. “Alright,” Reyes said. “We’ll get them later.” The three man squad retreated from Robert and Derek’s position, a decisive conflict narrowly averted.  As the figures disappeared past the smoke and flames, Robert let out a deep sigh of relief. 
	“You heard that, didn’t you?” Derek asked. 
	Rob nodded, “Yep.  Looks like we’ll know where to meet them on December 30th.” 
	“Why?” 
	“The first group that left is going east through New Mexico…recruiting guns into a private militia.” 
	“What’s three months have to do with it?” 
	“They’re meeting back up in this exact spot…then they’re gonna comb every road out here for a trace of the infection.” 
	Derek scoffed, “We didn’t exactly hand out a friendly invitation.” 
	“These guys didn’t sound any friendlier than we saw a few moments ago.  If I heard it correct, they want to be a paramilitary force no band of survivors will want to resist.” 
	“How do you expect to resist them?” Robert didn’t answer. “Bobby?” 
	“Please don’t make me think of that right now.  I’m starting to regret not flagging those Army guys our way when we had the chance.” An hour after the short skirmish, the 
two were sneaking back across the desolate highway and disappearing into the darkness of the forest once again.
	The truth of the matter was that Travis Greer was responsible for the militia.  He was gaining influence and power every day.  His will managed to eradicate an organized military force from the state.  Nothing was in favor of the outpost when the Colonel was put in the equation.  But the plan remained.  Hold out, hold to faith, live out the infection, and survive.  After today, the word survive took on a drastically different definition.

Day 105
Uninvited Strangers

 	In more than a month, little to nothing had occurred in the camp.  As they had been scheduled daily, everyone inside the camp survived in their own dull way.  Mitch, Carl, Miguel, and Justin were all in the middle of a game of dominoes.  A very loud commentary was known to stir when the four of them collected for games that sometimes spent upwards of three hours of time.  Score-keeping became a nuisance with lack of paper or pencil until Carl considered they collect rocks from outside.  Looking in on the game, the others would see a large collection of pebbles beside Mitch while the other three’s score remained scarce.  One prominent skill he carried over from a past life was how to play dominoes.  The very same topic was one being discussed during their game. 
	Miguel nodded to Mitch after opening up a ten-point score for Carl which he failed to notice. “What’d you do while you were in the service?” 
	Mitch sighed, recollecting old memories. “I was the guy who drove the big truck into minefields.  Got to blow them all out of the ground,” the thought brought him to a 
grin. “God, I miss my job.” 
	Justin shuddered, “Doesn’t sound like my line of work.  You never worried about getting yourself killed?” 
	Mitch raised his right hand.  His thumb and index finger had suffered an injury nobody noticed or asked about until this point. “This is the product of my career, and trust 
me, I much prefer a reminder to a grave.  The Army gave me enough training to make an idiot of myself.  So many years back, I was holding an unsecured explosive device.  Clicked a switch and everything went deaf.  Next thing I know, there’s no bone in the thumb and no skin on the pointer.  No, sir, I never worried about dying doing my job.  I’ve been worried about dying ever since I came back and started screwing up.” 
	Carl missed an opportunity when he failed to count all the dots.  Mitch took advantage of another opening.  Carl growl in response. “Damn it, that’s the fourth time 
today.” 
	“Getting a little rusty with age, I see,” Mitch smirked, taking another two pebbles from the bucket. 
	“I heard that you were in prison for a little while,” the captain said from across the table. “Do you think you can enlighten us?” 
	Mitch leaned back in his chair.  A glance out the window didn’t make him feel any better.  But these people were probably the last he would ever know.  How could they exacerbate the story. “Gun running.”
	The other three froze at the sound of it.  Miguel tilted his head, “I thought you were Christian.” 
	“I am,” Mitch replied, “I was before I got caught, but fifteen years really changes your perception of salvation.  I’m a lot more spiritual now, if that’s what you meant.” 
	“No,” Miguel shook his head, “I’m just wondering…how’d you get into stuff like that?” 
	“Believe it or not, Sammy, the typical nine-to-five gets boring after ten years straight.  I got sick of making nothing of myself.” 
	“So you sold guns?” 
	“I delivered a product across the border.  The cartels in Mexico knew how to pay employees who stick their neck out.  Living on the edge is a rush, but I’m sure none of 
us are strangers to a life like that now.” 
	Carl threw another question, “Did they ever try to rip you off?” 
	“I never had an experience so lucky.  Simple meet, look, shake hands, exchange, leave.  In the end, I got forty grand total.” 
	“You don’t look that rich,” Miguel replied. 
	“The government took care of that.  Thirty-five thousand was gone from my account when I finished my sentence.” 
	“At least it wasn’t a total loss,” Justin said sarcastically. 
	“Cursed money, if you want my opinion.” Mitch said, “One thing I learned in the pen: wealth can’t buy redemption.” 
	“Are you one of those people who claims to have found Jesus while they were incarcerated to get a judge to look the other way on their case?” Carl spoke freely. 
	Mitch shook his head, “I don’t claim to be, Carl.  I am one with my savior.  The question isn’t where I’ll end up when my time comes.  Where are your sins going to lead you?” 
	“No amount of rocks are going to get someone else to make your lunch either,” Justin laughed with Mitch’s grin from the retort. 
	Several yards away in the dining room, one table had been set up.  Sitting at the table, six of the girls had found a few stacks of cards.  A box of poker chips was recovered among the belongings left behind by the summer staff.  At least it wasn’t all so boring.  In place of afternoon television, listening to music, watching movies, the camp had withdrawn from nearly every electronic luxury available.  The only thing that still ran were the two-way radios and a single stereo, all of which ran on batteries.  They were only allowed short term electronics because Chris had stockpiled enough batteries to last for years.  He must have been waiting for the world to end and not want to miss changing the TV station from his couch…didn’t really think that one all the way through, though. 
	Listening to some soft rock on the radio, Brooke scanned her two cards.  She looked down the table at the faces of Audrey, Savannah, Courtney, Angela, and Nicole. “How are you liking the vacation?” 
	The head chef glanced back at the captain, “I’m not, if you want me to be honest.  It’s been more than three months since we started living here.  I’m tired of the same, 
redundant lifestyle.” 
	Savannah chuckled, “You shouldn’t be so loud.  Jacob heard that, he’d put you on maintenance or the gun squad.” 
	“That’s what we’re calling them now?” Audrey asked.  Since the camp’s inception to the outpost, Robert and Derek had become two centrifugal figures in the continued safety and survival of all the others.  Chris’ original maintenance men and Jacob were assimilated and trained proper firing and cleaning of weapons.  They were known as the ‘guns’ for constantly patrol schedules or seen with a rifle in hand or nearby. 
	Savannah voiced her opinion on something that had been digging under her skin for a few weeks. “Do any of you wonder what it looks like out there?” 
	A glimpse of Rob’s near death ran through Nicole’s mind. “We know enough from that raid in Show Low.” 
	That was back in August.  What if order was reestablished, civilization went back to normal?” 
	“If we were that fortunate, Melanie would have picked something up,” Audrey replied. “I hate to tell you, but we’re on our own out here.” 
	“Starts to make you feel like something more,” Nicole said. “Like we were meant to see the world like this.  We were meant to do something more.” 
	Courtney rolled her eyes, “I’m glad it’s happening how you envision it, Nikki.” 
	Nicole laughed, “I’ve already made something more of myself.” 
	Fowler let a smile spread, “You seem to be in a cheery mood today.” 
	The young woman glanced down for a moment, her face blushing red. “It’s only because I found out something amazing a couple hours ago.” 
	“What?” Audrey and Savannah asked in unison. 
	“Can all of you keep this a secret…at least until I tell Bobby.” 
	Courtney shook her head with a scoff. “I have a feeling I already know.” 
	Nicole waited for the group to agree to remain silent. “I’m pregnant,” The five others looked at her both in awe and shock. 
	Angela nodded, “You need to promise me one thing in return: if it’s a boy, don’t name him Bobby Junior.  Initials like that traumatize children.” Audrey and Courtney both laughed, but the captain wasn’t so amused.  She’d been working here trying to avoid 
perverse humor like that. 
	“It’s good to hear we’ll be in the company of a newborn soon enough.” Brooke said from across the table.  The game of cards continued without event. 
	Outside, everything was on an opposite and fearful scale.  Robert, at the time, was adjacent to Rimside when he heard the distant roars of car engines.  He inhaled fresh mountain air through his nose slowly.  Eyes closed, he let the sound envelop his ears.  It wasn’t a friendly sound, and it was too familiar for him to greet with open arms.  Life outside this camp meant two things: an enemy or another less than fortunate soul.  His statute of surviving didn’t want to push away the less fortunate, but the same line drew over the line of deception. ‘Don’t believe what you see,’ the Gunny pounded in his head.  Robert tried to ignore this mainstream facet that invaded every piece of the social world back home just as it did in Iraq. 
	As quickly as his vision drew to black and the sounds of nature were corrupted by technology, Robert lifted a radio to his mouth. “This is Rob…we’ve got incoming.” 
	Derek replied over the radio in an instant, “How many?” 
	“Unknown at this time,” Rob sent, his eyes still shut. “I’ll have a visual in the next thirty.” 
	“Copy that,” Derek answered reluctantly, laying back in his seat.  The shifts were still a mystery, since every one of them randomly deployed throughout the day to wherever they felt most needed or wanted to be. 
	Robert slid his eyes open, looking south from the ridge he stood atop.  A ghillie suit reflected more of the forest around him than the skin of his human form.  His face was masked by green, brown, and black paint.  Ever since the gas station, he’d been prepared for a war to erupt.  The world was unpredictable, now more than ever.  A powder keg with sparks dancing around the barrel.  His vision caught two rapidly moving surfaces, the sun shot a glimmer across his eyes. “Two trucks coming down the 504,” he reported before engaging in a sprint for the front gate. 
	“This is Jacob,” the Marine reported from the roof of the north maintenance building. “I spotted them for a moment.  Any indication whether they’re friendly?” 
	Robert cut around the maintenance yard, passing up Jacob. “None yet,” Rob replied with shortness of breath.
	“They’ve stopped at the mile marker.” Jacob keyed in after a moment. “Looks like they spotted our trap before it could do any damage.” 
	Derek leaned back in his seat. “They know we’re out here,” he said to himself, polishing both ends of his rifle scope. Using care, he locked it back into place above 
the weapon.
	If nothing else was brought about by the single line of wire tied off to two mile markers, Robert was able to reach the front gate before the strangers made the turnoff 
leading straight to the outpost.  His rifle hung loose, the strap holding it up while his right hand gripped the handle of his Ruger sidearm still in its holster.  Meanwhile, his left 
hand withdrew the mossy veil, revealing the façade of a man whose facial hair had grown into a thick beard.  The eyes remained the same, unnerved and cautious. 
	A thought crossed his mind when he saw a red Dodge truck leading an orange Range Rover onto the camp’s road.  If these men were of the same faction Rob and Derek confronted at the gas station, the options were limited.  Deterring them from the camp would draw more numbers who wouldn’t have any obligation to fire.  Letting them in would grant them access, giving them a firsthand view of the camp and every person it housed.  Crossroads were tough to decide alone. 
	The red truck pulled to a stop.  Robert focused on the four people in the truck, two in the cab and two in the flatbed.  All of their carried small arms, but that was typical in this day and age.  The passenger stepped out first with his fingers outstretched.  As he made eye contact with the lone soldier dressed as his surroundings, a shiver ran down his spine.  He nodded his head at Robert, but Rob didn’t return the gesture.  His heart hadn’t pumped so fast since before the gunfight in Show Low.
	The man, who couldn’t have been a day older than Robert, outstretched a hand. “It’s good to finally meet someone out here.” The voice didn’t bear any familiarity.  Whoever this was, he wasn’t present at that meeting more than a month ago.  Didn’t put the uneasy feeling in his gut to rest though.  Robert didn’t respond to his remark.  But after a few seconds in earnest, he outstretched an arm and shook the hand.  “My name is Eric.”
	“Bobby,” Robert replied dryly.
	“Good to meet you, Bobby--”
	“Shred the greeting card attitude, I’m not buying.”
	Eric retracted, almost appearing insulted. “Okay, then.”
	“You understand why I’m short, Eric.”
	Eric nodded, “Who the hell can anyone trust these days?”
	“Where does your crew come from?”
	“Tucson.”
	Robert recognized a lie in Eric’s iris easy as the perception could differentiate day from night. “Do you have skills that I would require?” 
	“Not the whole Tom Berenger getup, if that’s what you’re asking.  But we’re good with machines.  The seven of us worked at a power plant before it all went to hell.” 
	“We don’t use machines out here,” Rob answered. “Not enough power.  It went to hell three months ago. Where have you been?”
	“We took a trip down to Mexico ‘til the beer dried up, then thought we might head north and see what we could find.” Another lie, Robert could tell instantly. 
	“So, I’m the first person you’ve seen since Mexico?” 
	“Correct,” Eric replied, the same telltale perjury about his character. 
	“I don’t believe you,” Rob replied. 
	“What you believe doesn’t really matter,” spoke another voice as its owner stepped up from the second car.  An aged laceration stretching across his face was the first feature Rob noticed.  The voice triggered a memory in Robert.  But Robert let the memory fade from his mind. “The fact of the matter is, that we’re alive, you’re alive…so we’re on the same side.”
	“I don’t side with murderers and thieves.”
	The scarred man was a decade more aged, and all that less careful about his next step.  He stood inches from Robert’s face and stared through the ghillie. “That’s quite an insult, coming from a man who won’t show his face.” Robert stared daggers at the man through the veil, then reached up and ripped the hat from his head.  The man smirked. “Good morning, you can call me Jack.” He reached a hand forward.
	Robert glanced down at it, but shook his head. “Don’t assume we’re friends.  I’m not so easy to please.”
	Static of a radio interrupted their conversation. “Robert, what’s your situation?” Derek asked. 
	Robert’s eyes matched Jack’s, the two stared at each other in silence for a half minute before Derek sent another transmission.  The sniper retrieved the radio, “Code green,” he thought up off the top of his head as a sign for all clear.  It was a false statement, he’d blatantly lied to Derek, Jacob, and anyone else who happened to be near their comm at the time.  Liars spread their false pretenses and it already started to rub off.  Robert lifted his finger toward Eric. “Let’s make one thing clear.  I don’t trust you, and I sure as hell don’t trust scarface.  The only reason I’m going to let you in is because I don’t know if you won’t come back one night guns blazing.  The last thing I want is to see your people die.” 
	Jack chuckled, “I see this is going to be one complex relationship.” 
	“Two conditions,” Robert ignored the last statement. “first and foremost, no harm is to come to my people for any reason whatsoever.” 
	Eric nodded his head “What’s our insurance?” 
	“I can’t grant you immunity if you piss one of my people off.  Then again, we try to be a civilized bunch.  Second condition, once you enter you’re one of us.  You don’t leave site for any reason.  That virus is still out there.  If you leave and come back, infected or not, you will not be allowed access.” 
	“You guys must be lonely all the way out here,” Jack assumed. 
	Rob shrugged, “We make do with what we have.  I can tell you this much, it hasn’t just been campfire stories and target practice.  Are my conditions acceptable?” Eric nodded after faking a moment to think it over.  Robert slid his jaw one way to the other before getting on the radio. “All personnel, assemble at the dining hall.  We have guests.” He stepped off the radio, “Understand this, Eric, and make sure your men do as well.  If the safety of my people is threatened by any of your actions, I’ll kill you myself.”
	Derek watched from a distance as Robert slowly drew open the heavy wooden gate for the two vehicles to enter.  From his scope, he watched Robert walk alongside the two men on foot while the other strangers came in by car.  The faces didn’t look familiar to him either.  Derek’s demeanor to outsiders was much more strict than Robert’s.  He was more likely to let an undead in than four capable men, and the undead were forbidden.  Anyone who could fire a gun back at them he viewed as hostile. 
	Stepping down from the crows nest, Derek cut off Robert. “Bobby,” he said, “we need to talk.” 
	Robert turned to him, “Not yet, D.  I’ve already thought this through.” 
	Derek shook his head, “Apparently you forgot how to think when you got shot.” 
	Jack couldn’t stand being an outside viewer. “You weren’t joking, you guys do get around.” 
	Derek turned his head with a noticeably irritated demeanor in his voice. “I don’t believe I was talking to you.” He turned back to Rob, “Who are these guys?” 
	“You can call me Jack, ‘D’ is it?” He guessed.
	Robert lifted his hand and pressed it against Derek’s chest, “Just wait,” he spoke sternly. “I’ll explain everything to you after the camp meets these people.” 
	Derek clenched his jaw, watching Rob lead the two through the door into the dining hall.  Already there, several of the girls were stacking up the cards.  Nicole turned upon movement in the corner of her eye.  She spotted Rob, and immediately behind him two strange faces.
	Robert smiled upon seeing her once again.  Only four hours since they branched off to different parts of the 140 acre camp was too long for either.  A spectacle of their love was impossible to ignore.  Rob’s pace quickened, Nicole did the same.  As soon as they came close, Robert wrapped his arms around her and pressed his lips to hers.  Nicole giggled, feeling the thick hair against her soft skin.  Eric watched from a distance, as did Derek.  Derek allowed himself a smile as he watched their love. “Playboy,” he worded under his breath.  His vision was averted by movement outside.  Derek turned and nodded to Chris, leading Ben, Joe, and Terrence into the hall. 
	Chris stopped at Derek’s side, “Any idea who they are?” 
	“Yeah, but I hope I’m wrong.” A few moments later, fives others stepped into the room.  All of them were foreign to their view, and Chris tried to be friendly by thrusting his hand forward. 
	None of them shook his hand. “Sure are friendly,” Chris said. 
	Jacob stopped outside the door, Melanie and Daniel a few strides behind him.  Jacob finished his cigarette outside the door before stomping the ash out.  Fire hazard 
was reduced with the falling temperature and season changing to winter, but Jacob was a skeptic.  An accident wouldn’t set the whole camp in flames, he made sure of it.  With the weeds and unsightly vegetation growing unhindered, the risk was greater, so Jake got smarter.  The sniper stepped through the threshold, where Melanie and Daniel had stopped to ask what’s going on. 
	“These the guns you saw back in September,” Jacob asked, directing the question to Derek. 
	“I already don’t trust one of them,” Derek replied. “It doesn’t sit well with me.  The only people I’ve seen outside this camp are military or those hired guns we had that run-in with.  How would seven strangers like that just happen across the 504 of all forest roads.” 
	“Fate’s a nasty bitch,” Jake answered. “What convinced Robert to let them in?” 
	“He didn’t tell me yet.” 
	Introducing them was a simple task for Robert.  Each had their own specific appearance.  Eric was obviously the ringleader, taking authority over Jack.  Both were cut like they’d served in the military, though Jack had far more tattoos down his arms signifying his service.  Eric’s thin, brown hair and blue eyes were the opposite of Jack’s outgrown blonde hair under a Baltimore Ravens’ ballcap.  And while Eric tried to maintain some professionalism with his attire, Jack’s jeans were ripped and his shirt was dirty.
	The other men in the crowd showed little to separate them.  Like a few extra drones just carrying on.  The names of Peter, Darius, and Cliff didn’t set them apart any more than different colored shirts.  The two women in the party, Brittany and Lisa, were the only ones set apart by vastly shorter frames than their male counterparts and raven or auburn hair stretching to their shoulders.
	Despite being the one who allowed them access, Robert still didn’t trust any of them.  A few of the outpost’s people were able to relate to them in some ways, but for the most part they were looked at as outsiders and a potential change to their way of life.  Robert stepped out of the dining room when the four had been properly introduced.  Derek grabbed his arm, “Can we talk now?” 
	Rob nodded, “I’m sorry I left you out of the loop,” the two traversed through the crops to be sure nobody would hear them speak.  Everyone else lingered in the building becoming acquainted with Eric and his people.
	“Yeah, what were you thinking?”
	Rob sighed, stopping when they were fully surrounded by the thickness of tall vegetable plants. “There was two ways I could have approached the situation.  I could have turned them away, but I could already see that turning into a bloodbath.” 
	“We could easily have handled seven of theirs.” 
	“I’m trying to keep people from getting killed, Derek.  If I turned them away, two things could have happened.  They could have simply disappeared…or they could have come back with a lot more guns.”
	“You think--” 
	“Yeah,” Rob cut him off. “I do believe they’re part of the same militia we engaged a couple months ago.” 
	“Then why?  Why did you bring them in, give them a look at every member of this camp?” 
	“It’s a risk I chose to make.  By letting them in, we cut them off from the rest of their people.  I made it impossible for them to make contact.” 
	“It’s a risk you chose to make.  It’s probably a risk one of us is going to suffer for.” 
	Rob clenched his teeth, “Don’t test me, Derek.  This decision is made and I’m hoping they don’t become hostile.”
	“And if they do?” 
	Robert shrugged, “All bets are off.”  Seconds later, Nicole walked to Robert’s side.  Rob wrapped an arm around her waist, bringing her in closer.  She put a hand on his chest, looking at him with eager eyes. “What’s up?” He asked.
	“Can I talk to you?” Nikki replied in question.  Her eyes drifted to Derek. 
	He nodded, “Anything for you lovebirds.” With that, Derek turned and started out through the shrub. 
	Robert and Nicole walked to the chapel in relative silence. “Is this good?” Rob asked en route. 
	She looked around, spotting some people under the awning of the nearby structure. “Not yet.” A few yards further, the two were alone inside the chapel. “This is 
good,” she spoke.  Her eyes matched Rob’s. “I’m pregnant.” 
	Robert didn’t know how to respond to the words for a moment.  He’d been partly responsible for creating a new life.  His mind was cut down the middle.  On one side, Rob 
was enthralled to hear that he was going to be a father.  On the other, the thought of bringing more life into an undead world didn’t seem a feasible plan.  Robert let the bright side of his opinion outweigh the bad. “When did you learn this?” 
	“I had a few weeks notice before I asked Daniel for a test.” 
	“Are you sure of it?” 
	“There’s no mistaking a positive result, Bobby.  You’re going to be a father.” 
	Robert grinned wide. “That’s great.  I’m happy for you.” 
	Nicole thinned her eyes. “It’s not just me, Rob, it’s us.” 
	“Do you want to make it official?”
	Nicole giggled. “Is that a proposal?  If so, it needs a little work.” Rob chuckled, then dropped to a knee.  She laughed out loud. “How convenient we’re in a church.” 
	Robert took one of her hands, planted a kiss on it, then looked into her eyes. “Nicole Bridget Arnett…will you be my wife?” He lifted a white rose from inside his vest.  As shriveled as the petals were, the young woman was still awed to see the display of affection. 
	She slid to her knees, a smile spread over her face.  With a tilt of her head, she lashed her eyes a single time. “Yes,” The two leaned in, locking lips and savoring every 
moment of their love.  Robert couldn’t believe the shoes that he had stepped into.  Several years ago, he was without a care in the world and going hunting to kill things every chance he got.  No true love had crossed his eyes in the whole of his time on this earth.  Nobody came close to giving him butterflies.  Not like her. Today, he was reborn with an emotion he never knew someone like he could feel. 

Day 109
The Red

	Most of the outpost had come to accept their seven visitors as guests and not enemies.  But the suspicious few remained.  While they weren’t willing to voice their opinion against a majority that begged compassion, they couldn’t see themselves trusting anyone outside the gates.  Mitch wasn’t worried about offering his quarrel to Robert, the one who had granted their access.  The seven outcasts had yet to be evicted.  Little by little, every day drew the lines closer to being crossed.
	Savannah found it hard to sleep for the days she heard voices in the cabin next to theirs.  She wanted to shut the windows, but knew someone was keeping an ear open in case anything threatening to the camp was mentioned.  Savannah let her eyelids fall.  Her mind was drifting her body into unconsciousness.  Footfalls tapped the wooden balcony. “Damn it,” she whispered to herself.  She was the only one left awake in this cabin, and the only one who couldn’t sleep to such sounds.
	Savannah was compelled to go out and tell them to be quiet.  The young blonde threw the sheet off to take a stand on bare feet.  She didn’t trade out her pajamas, she intended to only be a few seconds telling them to hush up.   Savannah threw on a pair of socks and shoes.  After all, the wood was starting to rot and she didn’t want splinters.  The girl strode to the door and put her hand on the knob.  That’s when the footsteps started to rush down the concrete at once.
	She slid the door open to see two of the figures jogging down the path.  Savannah didn’t like the idea of these men sneaking out at night.  She tiptoed out of the cabin and carefully treaded their footsteps.  She kept a wary eye on the men as they circled around, heading toward the Cedar Ridge hilltop.  Savannah darted into the corn crops when a couple of them glanced behind.
	She didn’t know what compelled her to follow.  But she did as she shouldn’t have without backup and with no weapon.  But if these people were in this camp, they could do no harm.  Savannah pushed through the corn crops, careful to leave the trail of a ghost.  It wasn’t as easy to do in neon pajamas.  Savannah looked out through the stalks as they grew thinner.  The two men amplified their speed, jogging down the street.
	Savannah looked one way and the other, then decided to take her own shortcut.  She went off the trail, climbing over rock and root to get a birds eye view of what was going on.  As she reached the summit, the floodlights in the cluster below made her careful to approach.  Savannah put her back to a wall and peered around the corner.
	What she saw astounded her.  Four members of Eric’s troop were breaking into the storage room and carting off box loads of food and water.  Supplies that had been reserved from months of hard work and dedication.  These strangers intended to use the outpost for its resources.  Scavengers and bandits, the regular infestation of living beings in this time period.
	Savannah had seen all she needed to convince Robert that they were no friends of the outpost.  Savannah turned to run only to find the agony of a blade pierce her abdomen.  The young blonde struggled to breathe.  She dared not scream, looking into the eyes of a psychopath in Jack.  The scarred veteran looked up and down her body, and took close examination of the wound. “I thought I’d misplaced that.” He ripped it out.
	Savannah gasped and fell to the ground.  The other strangers heard the body thump to the floor and rushed to investigate.  They filtered into the floodlights outside the program room of Cedar Ridge.  Some were taken aback, Lisa was furious, and only Jack had a smile on his face.
	“What did you do?” Eric asked, his eyes transfixed on the blade.
	Jack smirked, “What was necessary.  She would have ratted us out.  I could see it in her eyes from the day we got here.”
	“Oh, God,” Lisa put a hand over her mouth, “She’s still awake.”
	Savannah was shivering, her hands clamped over raw flesh and the open wound leaking blood.  She didn’t know it, but tears were starting to stream from her eyes.  Her eyes watering and fluttering looked up to where her attacker came from.  She saw him draw a pistol. “That can be fixed.” Savannah tried to let a scream manifest from her tortured lungs, but nothing came about.
	Eric crossed the five foot gap and slapped the pistol away from Savannah. “It was an accident.  You don’t have to kill her.”
	“She is a witness to our crime against these people.  And these people have everything we need, except personnel.  They all have to go.  This is number one.” He pulled the hammer back.
	Savannah cringed. “Please,” her words sobbed. “I won’t…I won’t tell anyone.” She struggled to admit.  Whether it was truth or not didn’t matter as well as she sold it.  The last way Savannah ever expected to die was at the hands of a murderer.
	“I know you won’t.” Jack laid the barrel of the gun to her head.
	“Jack, stop it!” Lisa said.
	Eric put his hand on Jack’s arm, trying to push the gun away.  It turned into a scuffle. “You’ll bring them down on us!  If you kill her, they’ll kill us!”
	“Travis will burn this camp to the ground if these hicks survive!” Jack threw himself loose.  He started to pull the trigger back as soon as his arm was free.  Lisa rushed toward him realizing he couldn’t be talked out of this unless his weapon was out of the equation.  She threw her leg out to kick the gun away from its victim.  A gunshot shattered the silence of night.
	The next sixty seconds may have been hours to anyone responding to the gunshot.  Radios were lighting up like the fourth of July.  Jacob saw the muzzle flash light up the Cedar Ridge horizon.  He was sprinting like a man possessed over the distance of at least a half mile.  Derek was simultaneously running from the meadow cabins to the same location.  Robert heard the shot go off but kept a wary eye all around.  After nothing happened for the first thirty seconds, he started for his car.  If the injury was sufficient, the casualty would need a ride to the infirmary.
	Darkness of early night in the overcast blocked nearly every source of natural light.  Luckily, most on the night shift had vision adapted for the dark.  Shapes were easy to make out, as were bright colors.  Derek was first to arrive in the area, with Jacob less than a hundred feet from running into him.  Derek shifted his flashlight to the neon blue haze on the ground.  As soon as light touched the fabric, blood spatter glimmered atop the rocks.
	“Christ,” Derek felt like his heart had been ripped open.  He lost the legs to run once he came close enough to the body.  Derek peeled open one of Savannah’s eyes.  Her pupil didn’t dilate.  Derek’s lip quivered, “Please don’t give up on me yet.” His eyes drifted down to the injuries, both brutal.  First a blade into her abdomen that was causing severe internal bleeding.  Second, and much more ghastly, was the hole left behind by a small caliber bullet burrowed into her neck.
	Jacob slowed his rate of speed as he heard Derek’s somber reaction.  He hopped on the radio, “Bobby, get the truck down here ASAP!”
	“What’s going on?” Rob replied, already in the driver’s seat and backing out of his space.
	Jacob examined the wound, “Critical gunshot to the neck.  Daniel, do you copy?”
	“Affirmative, Jacob.”
	Jake put his hand on Savannah’s wrist, “Pulse is low, we need to get her into surgery immediately.  Get a room ready.” Jacob was sure not to include just who the casualty was.  The last thing he needed was for everyone to start getting emotional.  He couldn’t deny it, this was just as emotional for him.  Savannah was only a few years shy of his daughter Alyssa who could not live to see this day.  He didn’t want another child so beautiful to die so painfully or early.  
	Robert gunned his truck into the cul-de-sac and stopped the truck.  He froze seeing the young woman’s hair on the ground.  Nicole and Savannah may well have been twins when it came to height and hair color.   Robert kicked the door open and was already dropped into a sprint by the time he hit the ground. “Nikki?”
	“Savannah.” Jacob replied.  He was trying to stop the bleeding on her stomach, but knew they’d have to go into surgery for that as well.  One thing learned from thirty years of combat was medical training.  It almost became a requirement on the battlefield.  Jacob was qualified for what most emergency medical technicians and paramedics spent years in school trying to obtain.  Nothing quite like a crash course.
	Robert, while relieved that his pregnant fiance was not the victim, still felt the cords tug at his heartstrings. “Do we have a suspect?” He said as he rushed back to the truck and opened the doors.
	“No,” Jacob carefully corralled the teenager in his arms and delivered her to the seat.  Her head rested against his chest.  He took a seat in the back with her still wrapped in his arms, “Listen to my heart, honey.  You’ll be okay.” As he closed his eyes, it brought back a flashback of years ago when he was holding Alyssa as an infant.  Jacob bit his lip.  The mental anguish never came to an end.
	Robert and Derek piled into the driver and passenger seat respectively.  The truck shot out of the area.  Robert gunned it past the cabins.  Derek was mesmerized.  His hands were coated in the blood of a woman he treated like his daughter.  He clenched his teeth in perpetual rage matched only by molested grief.  The radio was kicking up all sorts of chatter.  But one voice did manage to catch Derek’s ear. “Is Savannah okay?” Zack’s voice echoed through Derek’s ears.
	He put the radio to his mouth. “She’s been shot, Zack…” Nobody replied.  Everyone was dazed by the truth as it came out. “They’re taking her to the infirmary for surgery now.” Zack stepped out of his dorm and walked aimlessly with the radio in his hands.  He had a hand on his forehead, jaw to the ground, a blank stare in his eyes.  He felt empty without the girl he’d been with for more than a year.
	Nicole heard the same transmissions.  She stepped out of the next dorm over and ran to him before his legs gave out.  Zack clenched his eyes shut as his lungs expelled a horrid cry.  Nicole helped lower him to his knees.  She wrapped her arms around his body. “He’s looking over her,” she interlaced one of her hands with one of his. “He’ll guide her to life or death.  No matter what happens, I’ll be right by your side.”
	Zack nodded, “I need to get down there.”
	Nicole tried to stop him, “What?  No!”
	“If someone meant to kill her and failed,” Zack freed himself of her grip, “he’s going to come around to finish the job.  I need to get down there.” Nicole couldn’t stop him from running out the cabin.
	She walked back into her dorm and collected a radio. “Zack’s on his way.”
	“Copy that,” Robert replied.  He keyed up again, “Daniel, on top of the primary wound the casualty has a deep laceration to the abdomen.”
	“I need extra hands.”
	“You’ve got us,” Robert replied as they were shooting past the dining hall. “Jake and I.  We’ll assist with the surgeries.”
	“Do you trust yourselves?”
	“If we don’t try, we’ll lose her.” Robert hit the handbrake and spun the wheel to put the Silverado in a stop right out the front door.  Jacob booted the door open, his hand prepared to unlatch it before stopping.  He held Savannah in her same limp form.
	Jacob looked down at the girl as he carried her through the threshold of the doorway.  Savannah’s eyes opened for a split second.  She was coherent enough to hear echoes of voices.  Jacob made eye contact with her for the blink of an eye.  And in that one message he sent her with his eyes, Savannah knew she couldn’t stop fighting.  Jacob took a deep breath.  This was only the beginning.  Blood had been drawn and justice had to be dealt.
	Robert pulled the door open.  Derek took the back of the group and drew a pistol. “You know what this means, Bobby.” Derek was outraged by the murder attempt. “There’s no coincidence this happened four days after we them in.”
	Robert knew Derek was right. “I know.  But right now, I need to go in and help save this kid.  Can you handle it?” It was a heavy burden to put on Derek, a man with no military skill.  To corral several strangers who may very well have been extremely hostile with no training or backup could have been a suicide wish.
	Derek nodded without a second to think about it.  His tampered emotions were making the decisions for him. “Take care of Savannah.” Just as he was stepping into the driver’s seat of the Silverado, Zack was sprinting up from the field between the infirmary and dining hall.
	Zack came to a stop at the door. “How is she?”
	“Still unconscious.  Bleeding bad, do you know--”
	“O Negative,” Zack cut him off. “That’s her blood type.”
	Robert sent him a foul look, “Are you shitting me?” Robert couldn’t decide whether to be surprised that Zack knew what he was going to ask, or that Savannah needed her own specific blood type for a transfusion. “That doesn’t make matters easy.” He unclipped the radio. “I need a volunteer, any volunteer with O Negative blood type to get down to the infirmary.” No response came through.  Robert walked down the hallway with momentum pushing his legs.  If no compatible donor was on site, the bleeding needed to be stopped before another drop was lost.
	Before he stepped in the room, he pulled out his pistol and flipped the safety mechanism off. “Safety’s off, Zack.  I expect someone will be coming down here to finish the job.”
	“How would they know?”
	“They can hear our radio traffic.  Stay quiet, stay concealed.  I will use every ounce of strength in my body to make sure Savannah does not die.  But I need you to watch my back while my hands are full.  Do you understand?”
	Zack nodded and accepted the gun. “Yes,” he looked at the girl on the operating table.  He looked into Rob’s eyes. “I’ve got your back, Bobby.”
	Daniel finished setting up a tarp so nothing could invade the operating space.  A magnifying glass looked down on the devastated throat injury. “Gentlemen,” Daniel said as he applied two latex gloves, “we’re in for a long night.”
	Derek pulled into Cedar Ridge. “Outpost, this is Derek.  There has been a shooting.  The victim is being treated.  Chris, Mitch?  I need some help.”
	“Anything to help, Derek.” Mitch replied instantly.
	“Keep your guard up around Eric’s team.  I need to speak to him right now, does anyone know where he is?”
	“Negative,” Chris replied.  Mitch had the same to say a second later.  Derek walked up the path.  He heard a sound in one of the cabins.  Derek pointed his weapon to the window and carefully crept forward.  He twisted the doorknob so the darkness could be unveiled to his eyes.  A flashlight clicked and lit up the room.   Eric was inside.
	“Jesus,” Eric said as he rose from behind a table. “I heard a gunshot--”
	“Hands!  Show me your hands!” Derek screamed.  Eric revealed his hands to the gunman. “No blood.  But I know it was one of your men.”
	“One of my men?  What is going on?  I heard a shot go off and ran in here for cover.”
	Derek shook his head, “Don’t bullshit me!  An innocent girl was stabbed and shot by one of your people!  Reveal his name to me now, and I won’t put a hollow point through your eye.”
	Eric tilted his head. “So now it come to threats.  I thought I was brought in here because you needed me.”
	“Robert brought you into this camp because he knew you’d bring back more.  More men who would burn this place to the ground.”
	Eric scoffed. “Don’t insult me, this is a nice place.  I wouldn’t burn it.  But I would make a few executive decisions around here.”
	Derek stepped across the gap and grabbed Eric’s collar. “Namely?” Eric didn’t speak a word. “I’ll give you three seconds to expose your assassin.” He put the gun behind Eric’s head. “And if you’re willing to die for their lie, I will continue to use the same method until one of your soldiers cracks.”
	“You’re making a mistake.” Eric took a deep breath.
	“One!” Derek screamed.
	Eric clenched his teeth “Derek, I’m warning you!  You pull the trigger and it is the beginning of the end!”
	“Two!” Derek didn’t waver.
	Eric begged, “This will be war!” A gun cocked in the darkness.
	Derek didn’t take a second to hesitate.  As soon as he heard the sound, the butt of his gun was planting a shiner on Eric’s head.  Not a second after Eric’s body fell to the floor, a series of semi automatic shots riddled the cabin walls.  Derek dove behind the table Eric had been using.  He counted twelve shots in quick succession.
	“Shots fired!” Derek’s radio flared up.  Derek swung the radio off his belt to the opposite side of the room to draw fire away from his actual position.  It was a battle of wits in the darkness.  Derek slowly rose to his feet as quietly as he could.  The one flashlight in the room didn’t offer much for light.  Both of them were still in the dark.  Derek planted his back to the wall and prepared to use the silence and darkness as his ally.
	In the same seconds as the shots were being fired, the infirmary door was being picked open.  Zack raised his guard hearing the radio transmissions and distant cracks of gunfire.  Jacob and Robert both sent the doctor a look.  Daniel glanced up, “I hope the two of you weren’t planning on leaving me yet.” Robert peeked across, to the threshold where shadows took over.  Zack was lying in wait.  Rob only hoped he was prepared to go the distance.
	A sleek, silenced pistol led a darkened figure into the infirmary.  He didn’t say a word and didn’t leave a trace of his existence.  Whoever it was carefully took the first steps in.  He lifted the gun, aim focused on the light as it came into focus.  The window ran parallel, at which point his eyes locked on the three figures standing over the girl on the operating table.  He pulled the hammer back to peel off the assassinating bullet.
	“Don’t move,” Zack said when he pressed the gun into the back of the stranger’s head.  The figure seemed to surrender at first.  But in the blink of an eye, with the aid of shadows, he struck back.  Zack felt the gun fly free of his grip. “Shit,” Zack swore.  As the man swung his own sidearm around, Zack threw up his arms to defend himself from the blow.
	Derek wasn’t finding much common ground with his attacker.  Another series of gunshots went off, this time spraying at random.  Derek avoided a shot to the chest by a matter of inches.  He raised his aim to the source of the muzzle flashes and put his finger on a button.  He waited until the last shot from the clip fired and the shooter had to reload.
	As soon as he heard the empty magazine hit the floor, Derek clicked the button.  A strobe light attached under the barrel of his pistol flashed randomly and disoriented his opponent.  Derek didn’t have any mercy for age or gender.  He saw a woman holding the gun and withdrawing from the flashing lights.  Derek didn’t resist from pulling the trigger on a person who was more than ready to execute him.  He fired a single bullet that struck the woman center mass.
	Derek quickly approached the body once it hit the ground. “This is Derek, shooter in custody.” He shone his light on the face. “She’s one of Eric’s.”
	The impact of his attacker’s momentum threw Zack into the adjacent wall.  The kid felt adrenaline kicking in.  This could be where he lived or died.  Zack gripped the pistol from the silencer.  Both men struggled to get an advantage.  While Cliff was already in pretty good shape, Zack had the age to match his physical limits.  The gun fired once, sounding a hiss in the air.  All of the doctors turned their attention to the sounds of shuffling feet and landing punches.
	Robert almost took his hands away from the operating table. “If you move your hands, there’s no going back.” Daniel said loudly.  Jacob was entirely composed.  He had a reason to trust in the kid stopping this man, but nobody was without their flaws.  Jacob only prayed those flaws wouldn’t cost them the lives of any people.  Robert felt naked without the ability to use his hands.  It was one of the few times he found himself unable to draw a weapon to defend himself and the ones that he loved.
	Zack thrust his leg forward, his kneecap crashing against his attacker’s thigh.  Cliff reeled from the hit, but kept his grip secure around the gun.  Both wrestled the gun, Zack trying to point it to the ground, Cliff trying to point it at any living being in the area.  Another shot peeled off, this one breaking through the window and shattering glass.
	Daniel kept his mind on the one matter.  He peeled back dead skin on Savannah’s neck.  He carefully navigated his hemostat to remove the bullet.  A slow breath expired from his lungs as he went in.
	Zack tried to kick out the gunman’s legs, but his stance was firm.  One of Zack’s hands slid up the suppressor.  Another shot went off, this one blowing clean through his palm.  Zack screamed from the pain.  The searing agony took over his ability to fight for the weapon.  Cliff flung the weaker man down the hall.
	Zack came to a stop facedown on the floor.  His actions took place in a split second.  Seeing a faint glimmer on the ground in front of him, Zack repossessed his firearm.  He rolled onto his back at the same moment Cliff was locking on to the helpless victim.  Zack was beyond the point of no return.  It was do or die right now.
	Zack discharged three bullets in quick succession.  The man stumbled from the first shot but he tried to maintain his accuracy.  The second bullet made him drop to a knee.  A bullet that would have killed Savannah strayed into a monitor a few inches from Daniel’s head.  Dan didn’t deviate as he pulled the 9mm slug out of its victim’s neck.  The third gunshot snapped Cliff’s temple to the side.  With that shot, the body went limp and crumpled on the floor.
	Robert heard the body hit the ground. “Zack?  Are you okay?”
	Zack felt the adrenaline draining.  What started off feeling like a hornet’s sting on his palm amplified to what it really was: a bullet hole.  Zack groaned while he put pressure on the bleeding. “I’m alive.” He climbed back to his feet. “How’s Savannah?”
	“Stabilizing.” Daniel replied.  He set the deformed bullet on the counter. “We’re not done yet, not by a long shot.”
	“How long until she wakes up?” Zack stepped into the room.  He ripped off a strip of his shirt and wrapped it around the broken skin on his hand.
	“I wouldn’t want her conscious for another few days.  This isn’t one thing that can be fixed with a few hours under the knife.  She’ll need more surgical work tomorrow.  But the bullet’s out, I don’t see any more tissue damage.  A month from now, she’ll be good as new.”
	Jacob just finished stitching her knife wound.  The blade managed not to hit any vital organs.  She dodged internal bleeding and sepsis by centimeters, but the road to recovery would still be a long and painful one.  The marine took his hands away from the table. “I’m glad you stopped playing around and shot that bastard.” He ripped the gloves off his hands as he stepped over the body. “Let’s see who this son of a bitch is.”
	Jacob clicked a light.  Zack leaned through the broken window to look upon the face who could have killed him. “It’s Cliff.”
	Jacob nodded.  He stepped back into the operating room to collect the radio. “Derek, do you copy?”
	“Affirmative.”
	“Looks like we were right.  Eric sent somebody to finish the job.”
	“What’s the casualty’s condition?” Derek was desperate to hear if Savannah lived or died.
	“Victim is stabilized, we have one KIA, Cliff.”
	“Roger,” Derek nodded, “I had to kill one of them too.  I’ve got Eric in custody.”
	Jacob let out a breath of relief. “We need to get the rest of them under control.”
	Derek nodded.  He stepped back over to the unconscious body of Eric. “Roger that.  I’ll take care of it.”

Day 110
Butterfly Effect

	While time shifted into the following day, the events were far from over.  Savannah’s surgery had some work which required Dan’s expertise and Jacob’s steady hand.  But Robert found himself back in possession of a gun and with a motive he hadn’t felt in his life.  Blood was drawn when a hostile force threatened to kill an innocent girl, and a good friend.  While two of their enemies had drawn a final breath, the feeling wasn’t satisfied.  More than vengeance, Robert wanted answers.
	Robert rushed out of the infirmary.  He clicked the call button on his radio, unintentionally sparking a fuse that ran all across the camp. “Outpost, watch your backs.  Eric’s team has gone rogue.”
	Derek crossed a few strides to collect the unconscious Eric.  Derek wanted answers too.  And he wasn’t afraid to cross a line to get them.  A boot planted into Eric’s stomach.  The young man curled up, choking and reeling from the impact.  Derek put a knee on the ground and planted the barrel on Eric’s head. “Wake up,” the gunman demanded.
	Eric steadied his breath and sight to find Derek holding the weapon. “What happened?”
	“Don’t push your luck.” His tone was morbid.  Eric felt the sense Derek would kill him anyway.  He saw something lurking behind those eyes from the day the two met.  And now it was staring him down with a loaded gun.
	“I had nothing to do with--” Eric was interrupted when a bullet blew into his knee.  He screamed in agony until the gun pressed under his chin.
	“You have three seconds before I write you off.  Make use of them.”
	“Jack.  He’s out of control.  He’s the one who ordered the supply hit and shot that kid.” Derek tilted his head, hardly convinced but with a little more information.
	Derek pumped the words to Robert. “Bobby, they may be trying to steal our supplies.”
	“That’s affirmative,” Mitch roared immediately.  When the first bullet fired, he was racing across camp to take a sniper position atop the climbing tower.  His eyes were dead center behind a pair of night vision goggles and a telescopic lens focused on the dining hall.  Both of the newcomers’ vehicles were parked somewhat inconspicuously in a ditch behind the hall.  But looking right at it, Mitch couldn’t miss. “I see activity at the dining hall.”
	Rob spun his head left. The darkness was still adapting for his vision. He slowed to a walk as he responded. “What is it?” 
	“Two trucks by the east door, they’re loading up boxes.”
	Rob drew his pistol, clicking the safety off before hitting the southeast corner of the building.  The sounds of nearby footsteps flooded his ears.  Rob slid his head out from the edge, where he spotted both Jack and Darius adjacent to the doorway. “I see them.” He paused.  If the last hour hadn’t turned for the worst, Robert wouldn’t have taken the next step.  But his emotions were conflicting with his judgment. “I’m going in.” Before anyone could utter a response, Robert muted his radio and started forward.
	Derek spoke up, “Bobby, hold up.” He didn’t want Rob going in alone given the recent turn of events.
	Eric yelled at Derek when the latter rushed for the door. “You’re just going to leave me bleeding like this.”
	Derek glanced back for a second. “I don’t clean up most of my messes.  And I get the notion you’re too much of a bitch to make a run for it on one leg.” From the other side of camp, Derek dropped into a sprint hoping to back up Robert before anything worse could manifest.
	Rob drew down as he put his first foot beyond the threshold.  His boots tapped silently with three quick strides to the inner entryway wall.  The sniper peered into blackness of night.  The absolute silence of a dark room sent a shiver down his back.  Because somewhere in that abyss, at least two people were about.
	Robert entered the main hall, letting the shadows consume him.  A faint piercing of moonlight didn’t offer much help to his situation.  But he wasn’t scared, there’d been situations much worse than this.  If it came down to it, he could hold his own.  Robert peeked in through the kitchen, where his eyes caught the silhouette of a man approaching, hands full with a box in hand. “What do you got there?” Rob asked. 
	The subject was startled by the voice, having dropped the box and lifted a pistol.  With the sound of cardboard hitting tile, Rob instinctively fell to the floor.  Four gunshots rang out from above, impaling the wood and stone fireplace fifty meters downrange.  The tracers were visible flying over his head by a fraction of an inch.  Rob threw his arm over the service line, firing three shots blindly in response.  The shooter ducked behind the island, letting another two bullets off.
	The gunshots ringing in the distance shot adrenaline through every bone in Derek’s body.  He had already envisioned the worst case scenario, and doubted he could survive that turmoil.  His velocity increased by that much more, closing to within a hundred feet of the doors.
	None of the shots were hitting, it was all but sleight of hand.  Rob fell for it, too late to respond when he was grabbed from behind.  He kicked wildly when his attacker rose him into the line of fire.  A forearm squeezed his airway and stars sparkled in his perception.  With no breath to compensate, Rob started to fade and became more predictable.  The gun was stripped from his hand and Rob resorted to knocking elbows into the attacker.  But without much more fight, all vision faded from his eyes.  Another few moments passed before Rob’s unconscious body was gently laid on the floor. 
	Jack set the man on the ground and quickly began to search his pockets. “We need to get out, people will have heard those shots.” 
	The first stepped out of the kitchen, aiming his pistol at the unconscious man on the ground. “We should put this punk out of his misery.” Darius said furiously. 
	Jack forcibly lowered Darius’ hand. “No.  Cliff should have regrouped with us by now.  That means something went wrong.  We don’t have the time.” He put a flashlight to the wallet of Robert, reading his full name.  The name set off a spark in his mind. “We’ve got all we need now anyway.” He had just finished his sentence when a gunshot strafed his wrist.
	“Drop your weapon!” Derek screamed from the doorway.  When Darius tried to raise his gun, Derek spotted the movement from the flashlight’s aura.  He turned and let off four rounds toward him.  The hostile was struck in the leg by a shot, and keeled over from the wound.  Darius didn’t know, but Jack long since left his ally behind.  Darius glanced to his side for a moment, to realize he was on his own.  And a second later, a shot was burrowing into his chest.
	Derek approached quickly, taking a knee aside Robert unconscious on the ground.  He put a hand on Rob’s neck to find a regulated pulse present.  Derek released a deep sigh of relief.  He chose to leave Rob there for now, as there were more pressing matters at hand.  Derek rushed to the opposite door to spot taillights ripping out of the dining hall lot. “Shit,” Derek unclipped his radio, “Jacob, they’re going for the gate!”
	Jacob heard the words on the radio.  His hands were no longer necessary under the knife.  He didn’t waste a moment drawing his pistol.  Since going outside would take too long, he turned his attention to the adjacent window.  His focus centered on iron sights.  Though the cars were absent headlights to avoid attraction, Jacob easily spotted movement.  He fired the first and second shot in quick succession.  The first shattered the window and the second punched through the passenger door to impact Lisa in the thigh.  Jack remained unaffected by the gunfire.
	The lone escapist in the orange jeep behind wasn’t as lucky.  Jacob’s third bullet hit rubber and basically detonated the front right tire.  The sharp turn from the infirmary to the front gate couldn’t be done.  Instead, the driver found himself crashing into the stone and cement pillar immediately to the right.
	Jacob jumped through the broken glass, his eyes rarely darting away from the crashed car.  He took one final look at the red truck disappearing into the distance. “Damn it.” With three bullets chambered, the marine showed no signs of fear as he rushed to the jeep.
	Derek knelt beside Robert.  In an effort to wake him, he started to shake Robert by the arm.
	After a few seconds of being thrashed around, Robert’s eyes rolled forward. “You get them?” he asked, the numbness leaving his extremities. 
	“They tried to run.  Jake stopped one of them at the gate.  What’s your status?” 
	Rob wound one of his hands around his neck, rubbing it to relieve the pain. “One of them got the jump on me and it all went black.” Derek patted Rob on the shoulder after he lifted the man to a sit on the tile floor. As soon as Rob could steady himself on the floor, he jumped back to his feet. “What’s going on?” He asked over the radio.
	The engine took a heavy blow, so the car wasn’t likely to back out any time soon.  Jacob lifted his gaze over the passenger panel.  Inside, his face covered by the airbag, the driver wasn’t moving.  Jake slowly moved around the truck to the left side where he forcibly removed the driver.  Lifting the man into the moon’s light, the marine was greeted by Peter’s agonized moans.  The source of the injury wasn’t hard to find.  His left forearm was dislocated from the elbow in the sudden crash.  Seeing his arm contorted in the opposite direction made Jacob cringe.  But it wasn’t exactly Jake’s favorite visitor.
	“This day isn’t starting out so well for you guys.” Jacob said, lifting the man by his broken arm and eliciting another scream. “You’re team is gone.  You may be the only one still alive in this camp.  What stops me from killing you right now?”
	“A bargain.”
	Jacob smirked, “A bargain for what?”
	“Your lives,” Peter replied coldly.
	“Bold statement, coming from one man in a party of seven.”
	Rob sent a message, “Jake, do you have the situation under control.” 
	Jacob pushed the man against the wall and dropped him to his knees. “One hostile in custody, the other escaped.  You okay, Bobby?”
	“Isn’t the first time I’ve been strangled, hopefully it’s the last.”
	“Roger that,” Jacob replied. He turned to the prisoner facing the wall. “We’re going to have a little talk,” as he lifted Peter by his broken arm.  The wounded man 
screamed in agony as he was walked several hundred feet to the maintenance yard. 
	Derek stepped onto the comm, “I wounded Eric on Cedar Ridge in Zuni cabin.”
	Chris replied a moment later, “Copy that, I’m on my way.  I’ll pick him up and bring him to you.”
	“Take him to the maintenance unit.” Jake ordered. “There’s a few questions we need to ask him.”
	“Derek and I are on our way.” Rob put the radio away. “This day just keeps getting better and better.” 
	“Bringing back old memories?” Derek asked. 
	Rob nodded, “Not the good kind either.” 
	“Keep your mind on the bright side.”
	Robert shrugged, “Can’t say that helps much.”
	“Nobody said it could hurt, either.” Derek patted Rob’s shoulder. “You know what they’ve done, what they’re capable of.”
	“Yes,” Rob nodded.
	Derek bit his lip, “Then you know what’s necessary?”
	Robert sent him a confused stare. “I’m not searching for motivation to murder.”
	“Neither am I.  But if that bullet were a couple of inches off, Savannah wouldn’t be alive right now.”
	“We’ll get the answers we’re looking for, Derek, I promise you.” As they entered the shed, they spotted Jacob tying Peter’s arms behind his back on a revolving chair.  The prisoner was still groaning from the broken arm.  Rob and Jake nodded to each other upon first seeing one another. 
	“You seem to have a habit of dying on us, Rob.” Jake said sarcastically. 
	“Bad habit,” Rob shook it off. 
	Jake turned back to Pete, where he slapped his pistol against the man’s face. “Where were you going to go?” Peter lifted his eyes to face Jacob directly.  No noise came from him, he was defiant through the pain.  Jacob twisted the broken arm with enough intensity to remove the shoulder from its socket.  Peter bellowed in suffering, but neither Derek nor Robert were inclined to intervene.  These people had attacked theirs, the cards were off the table. “It only gets worse from here.” 
	“As soon as I tell you, you’re just going to kill me.” 
	Jacob leaned in close, “Figured that out all on your own, huh?” The interrogator removed himself from Peter’s view. “You attempted to kill someone over stolen good.  Where were your people taking them?” 
	“To my people,” Peter admitted. “You try to think you’re the only ones who survived that outbreak, but there’s hundreds if not thousands of people just like you.” 
	“Yeah,” Jake acknowledged, “I wouldn’t doubt the existence of others in the same boat as us.” 
	“This isn’t a boat, it’s an ark.  A hundred and fifty acres and there’s not even twenty five of you.  What makes you think it only belongs to you?” 
	“This is our home,” Derek stepped forward. “Not yours.  Perhaps if you brought this to our attention earlier, we would have been more lenient.  Instead, you turned on us and shot an innocent girl.”
	“That was Jack!” Peter yelled. “He’s always been the one to go off the deep end.  The fact that he’s still alive baffles me.” 
	“Why did he do it?”
	“He says it was because he didn’t want any witnesses.  But the way he acts, I’d call it a fix.”
	“Aggressive, addictive behavior.” Jacob pondered. “Not exactly the ideal man to carry a weapon.”
	“You’re preaching to the choir.  But he lasted a dozen years in the Rangers and neither natural selection nor karma took him out of this world.”
	“We’re going off topic,” Jacob reminded himself. “You said ‘your people.’ How many?”
	Peter chuckled. “More than you’ll be able to resist.  Six months from now, these woods will be in flames.  How does that sit with you?” Moments later, Eric was pushed into the maintenance building, closely followed by Chris. 
	Eric looked at the very injured man from his crew. “What’s going on here?” 
	“How about you tell us,” Derek said, swinging the pistol in his direction. 
	Eric shot his arms up. “I haven’t done anything.” He took a step back on his injured leg and crashed against the wall. 
	“Cliff is dead, he tried to kill Savannah.  And since another of your unit tried to kill me to save you, I have a feeling you had something to do with it.” 
	“That’s an absurd accusation.”
	Robert grabbed Eric by the collar and slammed him against the garage door. “This game you’re trying to play is over.  You can start listening now or I’ll put you in the ground.”
	Eric grinned. “I’m not scared of you, Bobby.  You say you’ll do it, but I know it’s just talk.  Derek’s a case I’m willing to worry about.” Derek walked toward him, gun in hand, and pressed the barrel of his pistol to Eric’s temple.  Fear spread across his face. “Put a leash on your wolf, Robert.” 
	“I don’t take orders from him.  The only thing keeping you alive is your mouth.” 
	“Killing me would be the worst mistake you can make.” 
	Rob waved a hand, “Enlighten us.”
	“Your people cannot survive a direct assault.  Not from the militia.”
	Even the marine felt a nerve tingle when he spoke the words. “The militia?” Jacob asked.
	“They’ve recruited hundreds to their cause of fighting the dead.  Your insurgency painted a target on your back--”
	Robert drew his firearm and immediately fired a shot into Eric’s good leg.  With disregard for the amount of pain he just put his adversary under, he wrapped a hand around Eric’s throat. “My insurgency?” He asked. “After what happened tonight, you’re trying to lay the blame on me?”
	Eric clenched his teeth. “None of us wanted to hurt the girl.  Jack is the one who pulled out the gun.  If it weren’t for Lisa, the girl would be dead.”
	Robert felt some sense of relief.  Not all of them were so bloodthirsty.  But at the same time, she was one of only two unaccounted for. “Where did they go?”
	“Jack?  He probably went back to the Colonel.  Would be like him to start the fire and tuck tail.”
	Peter chuckled, “Now he’s going to give the Colonel motivation to come here.  You’ve sealed the deal on your outpost now.”
	Jacob pressed his revolver into the back of Peter’s head. “I can seal yours with another word if you like.” Peter smirked, but held his tongue.  He wasn’t going to test a hardened veteran.
	Chris cleared his throat. “Bobby?  What militia?”
	“I’ll have to speak to you tomorrow--”
	“No, here and now.” Chris demanded. “You may think you’re in charge, but this is my camp.  All these people here are my family.  I need to protect them however I can.”
	Robert sighed. “Damn it.”
	Jacob peered an eye across the room. “What’s the trouble, Bobby?”
	Robert put a hand on his back pocket, where he discovered his wallet was missing.  The sniper quickly checked every satchel on his clothing, but couldn’t find his identity or long expired bank cards. “Where’s my wallet?”
	Derek shrugged, “I didn’t see anything nearby when I found you.”
	“What’s the problem?” Eric asked, somewhat amusedly.
	Robert walked back to him. “The Colonel.  I want his name.”
	Eric chuckled, “Fine.  Doubt a name would do you any good.  Travis Greer.” The name sent a shiver up Robert’s back.  While his face looked unnerving to all but one, Derek saw through the mask.  Robert’s character went pale as a ghost.  Derek knew, because he remembered that name like the back of his hand.
	Robert sighed, “If that’s the case, holding onto you wouldn’t matter.”
	“What?” Eric asked.  The gun rose to his head. “Wait!” He screamed, “I can negotiate a ceasefire!”
	“There wouldn’t be a ceasefire!  Travis wouldn’t settle for a truce.  Not for someone like you.”
	Eric tilted his head, “I get a vague sense you know this Colonel better than me.  Robert…” The synapse trigger, “Oh, now I remember.  And I can tell you where your wallet is probably going.” Robert was momentarily perplexed, lowering his gun. “Straight to Greer.”
	“Shit.” Rob took a step back.
	Jacob started for Rob. “Talk to us, Bobby.  Most of us are missing something.”
	Robert opened his mouth to speak, but Eric cut him off. “A few years ago, Robert testified in military court against the Colonel.  It cost Greer his uniform, the one thing he had left.  So, since that day he’s been hunting.  And now he’s got a scent to track.”
	Jacob started toward Robert. “Is this true?”
	Robert clenched his teeth.  He didn’t want to lie and hope ignorance could guide them around the facts.  But the truth was ten times worse to confirm.  Robert dipped his head, reserving himself from a word. 
	Chris sighed, “Damn it.”
	“There is a solution,” Eric spoke up. “You just need to trust me.”
	Robert shook his head, “No.  No matter who we trust, what bridges we burn…this man cannot be negotiated with.”
	“Why are you so afraid?” Eric chuckled.
	Derek launched a foot in his stomach, “Shut the hell up.”
	Eric keeled forward but didn’t relent. “What resources do you have to outlast a siege?” Robert clenched his teeth. “How many of you people are going to have to die before you lay down your arms?  What should be the fate of your beautiful--” Eric cut himself off when he felt a gun barrel plant against his temple.
	Robert turned his head back on Eric. “Laying down our weapons would guarantee nobody walks out of this camp alive.  Travis doesn’t have a soft spot when it comes to a single man.  He doesn’t negotiate his way out of a fight, not for one man.  You are a commodity, you are extraneous.”
	“I’m just asking for a chance.  Maybe I can get you a few minutes to do what you need to.”
	Robert growled. “We’re getting nowhere.” Rob turned to look at Derek, but discovered the latter had departed from their wounded prisoner.  He was in a beeline for the Peter in the chair.  Jacob took a step aside, expecting Derek to dish out a little anger management on another soft target.
	Derek picked Peter up by the collar and planted a gun in his chest. “Typical bandits, you show no loyalty for the next man in line.  Only looking to save your own skin.” Derek’s eyes shot back to Eric’s, his trigger finger squeezing slowly. “You might have bought yourself a second chance, but you only guaranteed one thing tonight.” The gun fired.  Peter groaned when the bullet struck.  Center mass, high.  A shot that was carefully placed to assure death.
	Every hair on Robert’s skin rose from the sight.  The dead stare in Derek’s eyes, the cold blooded tone to the words he spoke, the unimaginable ultimatum he would force.  The monster hidden so long under lock and key was out.  The demon inside of Derek had taken control.
	Derek let the body slump to the floor. “Four people dead.”
	“Why?” Chris’ eyes were stuck on the dying Peter.
	“The last thing we need is extra baggage.  With him, we can focus one set of eyes and not forget what’s really going on.”
	Robert took a step forward. “What’s really going on, Derek?”
	“Plan B.”
	Eric laughed.  He was hardly phased by the murder of a colleague.  They must have all sworn some oath to death before dishonor, but the ideal was lost on Robert. “What the hell is so funny?” Rob asked.
	“I can see already.  You think you’ve accounted for everything, but you didn’t consider a no-win scenario.” He chuckled, “That’s rule number one in the zombie world.”
	Robert leaned down. “You’re alive, so be grateful for it.  Speak when spoken to, keep your mouth shut whenever you aren’t.”
	Robert pushed himself away from Eric, fury in his eyes. “What are you going to say to Nikki when you don’t sleep a peaceful night?” Upon Nicole’s mention, Robert spun back around.  He put all his strength into a relentless hook.  His full body weight crushed against Eric’s face, leaving a nasty gash from the blow.
	“I’m not as soft as you’d like to think, Eric.” He leaned down to face him directly. “If you speak about my wife again--if her name escapes your tongue once more, I will kill you.” Eric sent him a faint grin, holding a hand over the welt to his face.  Robert left him in the company of Derek, Chris, and Jacob.  However, shortly out of the maintenance yard, a familiar voice caught his ears. 
	“Bobby,” Nicole said from a few feet behind him, “I heard what’s going on.” 
	Robert turned on the spot. “Nicole?  What are you doing here?” 
	“I listen to the radio, Bobby.  I ran all the way from the cabins when I heard something might have happened to you.” 
	“It’s nothing,” he answered. “I’m fine.  You shouldn’t be running around at night if you’re pregnant.” 
	“Neither should you if you’re the father.” 
	Robert clenched his teeth, not out of anger but the love she felt for him.  Such ambition would cost her one of these days. “I told you not to worry about me, Nikki,” he 
growled. “I can take care of myself.  I have for the last thirty years.” 
	“I don’t care what you think you can do.  You’ve got to think about the future, not just now.  I want you to be here to hold your son!” 
	Rob stamped his foot, “Fate put us all here.  You told me that yourself.” 
	“Fates can change in a heartbeat,” Nicole replied, lips quivering.  She walked past him, wiping tears filling in her eyes. 
	“Nikki, wait,” Robert spoke.  She ignored his voice, continuing on her own away from him.  He turned and pursued, “Nicole, stop.” 
	Upon grabbing her wrist, she withdrew her arm. “What’s wrong with you?” 
	Robert wouldn’t release himself from her grip, coming in close and embracing her tightly. “I’m sorry, Nikki.  I didn’t want to hurt you.” She started to sob in his arms. “I have to be honest, I’ve never been so scared in my life.” 
	“About having a kid?” 
	“No, it has nothing to do with the baby.” 
	“Then what’s going on?” 
	Robert sighed deeply. “I thought we could be safe here.  I thought we could be far away from that virus and all the chaos it’s caused thus far.  But everything’s about to change for the worst.” 
	Nicole cleaned her eyes. “What did they tell you?” 
	Robert averted his eyes for a moment. “Eric says there’s going to be a lot more people coming to this camp.  Coming to take this camp, by force if necessary.”
	“How many?” 
	“He didn’t tell us.  As optimistic as I am, this isn’t good even through my eyes.  He sounds definitively sure we won’t be able to resist them.” 
	“Then why fight it?” Nicole asked.
	“You don’t want to know.”
	“Trust me, Bobby.  I don’t not want to know.  I’ll take my chances.”
	Robert sighed. “Travis Greer.”
	“Travis Greer?” Nicole asked.  The name wasn’t familiar with her.  The story she’d heard years ago faded from her memory, only the gritty details remained.  So a name meant nothing.
	“The Colonel.  The man I stood up to.  Those men are part of his militia.” Nicole tilted her head.  She wasn’t entirely sure what he was saying, but ‘militia’ was hard to ignore.
	“What militia?”
	“A unit dedicated to wiping out the zombies…and anyone who stands against them.  Right now, that means us.”
	“Why?  What did we do?”
	“Nothing,” Robert admitted openly. “We were victimized, a little girl almost died today, and they’re putting the blame on us.” Robert growled. “Jack has my identity and he’s headed straight back to Travis.  When Travis sees my name…” He stopped himself short.
	“It’ll be okay.”
	“How do you know?”
	Nicole smirked, “Faith.”
	“I’m trying to be spiritual, but given the circumstances I’m holding fast to realism.”
	Nicole sighed. “You know he can’t be bargained with?”
	“I’m sure of it.  He called me after the nuke went off, promising to find me one day.  This militia obeys his words like law.”
	Nicole looked in the direction of the maintenance yard. “How do you want to break this to the staff?  It may cause a panic.”
	“I’m aware of how everyone may react to this.  But it’s blown up to a whole different scale.  If I’m correct in assuming, Travis will have enough people showing up to match our numbers as a whole, ready to kill every one of us without a second thought.” 
	“Why?”
	Robert shook his head, “Don’t ask me that, Nikki, because I can’t answer you honestly.  The most I can say is that the end of the world didn’t just bring me to you.  It 
brought us a fight.  I found love, but I also found an enemy.”
	“That virus released the worst in everyone.  Even you, even me.” She admitted. 
	“There’s nothing bad about you.  You’re the angel in my nightmares, the light that guides me to redemption.  I’d be dead without you.” 
	“What are you going to tell everyone?” 
	“I can’t lie to them, Nicole.  If they’re to survive, they need to be informed fully.” 
	“There’s not a lot of information to go on, Robert.  What are we going to do?” 
	“Not a clue,” Rob shrugged, “There are a lot of vulnerable entrances to this camp even with the fencing.  And we don’t have the munitions or defenses to survive an assault from guys toting AK47s.  Right now, I’m hoping Eric can wave them off somehow.” 
	Nicole was suspicious, “Do you think you can trust him?” 
	Robert shook his head, “We don’t have a choice.  He’s the only advantage we have.” 
	“Eric’s gonna try to escape the first chance he gets.” 
	“I’d like to see him try.” Robert embraced Nicole tightly. “I’m sorry I lost my head a few minutes ago.” 
	“Don’t worry about it, Bobby.  We’re all under a lot of stress lately.” Robert let a faint smile cross his face, feeling the warmth of her skin against his.

Day 113 
Changing the Locks

 	Three days had slipped by as no event.  The most exciting thing, Eric had bullets dug out by Daniel after the shooting was done.  Chris had been the one to tell the rest of the camp what was happening.  In that instant, their characters of woe and boredom shifted to anxiety and sleeplessness.  Only the ones with military experience were capable of sleeping for a full night.  That was pushing their limits, however, considering an attack could be imminent.
	Zack hadn’t slept more than a few hours.  He couldn’t, not while his girl was in that bed.  His eyes never left the still and silent body unless people were urging him to get some food and stretch his legs.  The fatigue was setting in, but Zack wouldn’t let it overtake him.  She was too important to him for sleep.  The last year was a complex and twisted series of ups and downs for the couple.  The last four months brought exponential change, and strengthening their bond more than he thought possible.  Zack knew he would live to grow old with Savannah, or die protecting her.  She mattered the most to him.
	The EKG blurted out its steady rhythm of heartbeats.  Her head felt like it was spinning.  It hurt her throat when she tried to take a deep breath.  Savannah’s emerald eyes fluttered open, darting back and forth in anxious curiosity.  She was dressed in hospice attire, clean of the blood from her injuries.  The crimson was gone, but the scars remained.  And with it, a reflection of the pain on that horrifying night.
	Savannah raised a hand and pressed a finger against the gauze around her neck.  It almost felt like it was suffocating her.  Her sense of touch incited a flashback.  Jack’s evil grin as the dagger was plunged in.  The monster drawing and aiming the gun straight at her head.  Savannah snapped out of the recollection with a violent tremor.
	Zack saw her react and quickly jumped out of his seat.  Savannah was starting to panic, wondering just where she was.  She’d never been in this part of the building and had no idea what it looked like.  Her eyes darted to the doorway, where she saw Zack.  Her heart rate dropped back to a normal pace when she realized she was in the company of friends.  Savannah opened her mouth to speak, but the first syllable made her throat burn. “Don’t speak,” Zack warned. “You’re going to be fine.”
	Daniel was in a short few seconds behind. “The bullet missed vital organs, but it will take a few more days until you can speak.  I suggest you don’t strain yourself.  The blade was easy enough to sew up, but you don’t want to tear it open again.” Savannah nodded, and Dan stepped out.
	“You scared me.” Savannah looked to the sheets of her bed. “It’s not your fault, though.  Those people tried to kill you.  Derek…and I killed them.” Savannah looked up with a worried stare in her eyes.  Her mouth was open.  She mouthed the words ‘why.’ Zack smiled. “If I didn’t kill him, you wouldn’t be alive.” He leaned in closer and gave her a kiss on the mouth. “I love you, and I promise you will never be in harm’s way again.” She let a smile draw across her lips.  The young lady leaned over with puckered lips.  Zack wouldn’t miss an opportunity like this and quickly connected to kiss her.
	Robert was passing Jacob’s RV en route to the chapel.  He planned to meet with Nicole.  Since hearing of Eric’s deception and Travis’ position, Nikki had turned to faith in her savior.  Every morning, Rob would wake to find she was gone from their bed.  His eyes shifted suddenly to a loud clatter emitted inside the RV.  Robert jogged several paces until reaching the doorway. “Hello?” he asked cautiously, hand on holster. 
	Jacob yelled from inside, “Yeah?” 
	“Jake, what are you doing?” Rob asked. 
	“Come in and see for yourself.” Robert was curious, so he lifted himself four steps into a home away from home.  This was the first time he got a chance to look at the inside of the vehicle, his gaze not concerned with a dying person onboard. 
	“People really need all these luxuries when they go camping?”
	Jacob, at the moment, was knee-deep in a pile of clothing, books, boxes, and suitcases.  Hearing the remark, he shifted his head. “I never did.  I just asked myself what 
was the most expensive thing I could buy with my account flooding.  Happened to be passing an RV dealership at the time.  It worked out in the end, me and Ally went into the 
wild a lot the last few years and she had a comfy place to sleep.” 
	“I took her to be more of a girly-girl.” 
	Jacob shook his head. “No, not my girl.  She would have been at boot camp right now if apocalypse didn’t happen.  From age ten she was committed, promised me herself.” 
	“She would have been a fine soldier.” Robert grinned while Jacob returned to his work. “What are you looking for?” 
	“Just crossed my mind two minutes ago.” He answered, no specific subject mentioned. 
	“What?  Do you need help?” He leaned down to open a cupboard. 
	“Stay out of that one!” Jacob yelled without his focus averting the closet. 
	“Why,” Rob slammed it shut, “what’s so important in there?” 
	“Nothing,” Jacob stopped.  He lit up a cigarette inside his own vehicle. “That’s just where I stashed the conspiracy theories.  Last thing I wanted was Ally reading up on depressing news.” 
	“Conspiracy theories?” Robert glanced down, his curiosity triggered. “Like what?” 
	“Government assassinations, global cataclysms, asteroid impacts…the cabinet almost got away with indefinite detention, but the zombies kept that from happening.”
	Rob tilted his head. “I never took you for a paranoid nut job.”
	Jacob’s indifferent stare shot across the cab. “What did you call me?” 
	The opposite shrugged. “Never mind.”
	Jacob grinned, spotting the apprehension in Rob’s eyes. “Take it easy, Sergeant.  I’m messing with you.  But to a point, yes.  I saw some things in spots of the world.” His search continued, more crap loading up on the floor. “Some of them I could have gotten killed for talking about.” He leaned out of the closet. “Good thing I don’t have to worry about that anymore.” 
	“I’ve heard enough sad stories for one life,” Robert sighed, “Is this important, I’ve got some things--” 
	“Yes,” Jake said loudly, retrieving a rucksack from inside a hidden compartment.  Without warning, he threw it in Rob’s direction. “Catch,” he said.  Robert grabbed the 
heavy pack from the air.  Slowly lowering it to the ground, he reached for the first zipper. “Saved a few things from my days in the Corps.  Thought they might come in useful.” 
	Rob withdrew a tan block almost a foot long by two inches wide, weighing in a little over a pound.  The letters on the side read PETN. “C4?” Jacob nodded with a 
grin on his face. “How’d you get this?” 
	Jake scoffed, “Come on.  You think any of us got ahead being decent soldiers in an indecent military?”
	“Why didn’t you bring this to us before?” 
	“First of all, I wasn’t sure if it was even in here.  Second, there was no use for it until now.” 
	“You know how to set this thing up?” 
	Jake scoffed. “They don’t give chainsaws to infants, Rob.  You think I’d be carrying this around if I didn’t know what I was doing?” 
	“How many of these do you have?” 
	“As many as there are in the bag.  Last I checked, four blocks.” Robert counted inside the pack, then looked up and nodded. “One of those blown correctly would destroy a vehicle.  Only problem is, we don’t got the tech to run this off a trip-wire.  Someone needs to set it off as soon as the target crosses the plane.” 
	“You didn’t bring any mines with you?” 
	“No, left those in storage.” Jake smirked.  He noticed Robert was turning away. “Where you headed, I thought we were having a discussion?” 
	Rob stopped. “I’m looking for Nikki.” 
	Jacob nodded, “Well, don’t let me stop you.  I certainly can’t help.” Jacob answered.  Robert left the RV with a beeline’s path carved for the chapel at his front.  However, stepping through the doors this time did not merit Nicole to his view.  Only one person seated inside was speaking in a low voice.  Rob discerned it as Mitch’s.  The keen-eyed soldier looked around, expecting her to run into him from a dark corner. 
	Mitch turned his head, raising a hand as a hello gesture to Robert.  Not trying to be rude, Rob entered the chapel and Mitch’s company. “What brings you here on this fine day?” Mitch asked. 
	“Things haven’t been that fine lately,” Rob spoke immediately back. 
	“No doubt there.” He looked up at the cross. “Everyone’s fearing for their lives, turning to a few souls just as scared as they are.” 
	Robert chuckled, “I never said I was scared.” 
	“I’d be,” Mitch shot his a quick glance. “Twenty some odd people you’re looking out for.  This is supposed to be a collective, a team effort.  You and Derek are hogging all the glory.” 
	“What do you mean?” 
	“We know you don’t share a lot of things with us.  I have to hear it come out of Chris’ mouth instead of yours.  Sometimes Nicole will beat him to the punch, though.” 
	Robert nodded. “I’ll be sure to bring you in on anything I can.  Speaking of Nicole, have you seen her?” 
	Mitch shook his head. “Sorry, brother.” Robert turned around, heading out of the door quickly.  He was at a loss to where Nicole went.  This camp was bigger than he 
originally thought working here.  Almost a half square mile in size, the buildings were set up on opposite sides and were a hassle to examine the content of each individual room. 
	Eric had been laying down in the cot he’d been set on three days ago.  Not a single movement because both shot legs were too injured to walk upon.  After he was checked for weapons, the prisoner was left in the company of Chris, Ben, and Terrence’s alternating watch.  Staring at the bland mattress a few feet above, Eric tried not to move his legs.  They were still recovering from the tissue damage.  For some reason, Robert hadn’t shot his kneecap off.  He’d regain his ability to walk, and with enough time run.  He failed to understand the purpose Robert wanted him to fill: to get shot in the back limping away.
	“Hey, Terry,” Nicole said, a paper bag in her hands. 
	“What’d you bring me?” Terrence asked, his eyes peering the bag. 
	Nicole grinned. “A hug,” leaning in and embracing him from the side. 
	He chuckled, “I was talking about breakfast.” 
	“Sorry, this is for the prisoner.” 
	“I can’t believe we’re even feeding this bastard.” 
	Nicole shook her head. “You really don’t care who hears you talk, huh?” 
	One of his hands slid the aviators from his nose.  A smudge needed to be wiped off. “Not since my position here became permanent.  Everyone here is old enough to handle it.  Come on, Nikki,” Terrence asked “why is Bobby keeping this asshole alive?” 
	She walked past him. “It takes more than you think, killing someone.” 
	“Derek looks the same to me.”
	Nicole stopped. “Derek took a life long ago, on the day they went to Show Low.  And he didn’t do it out of aggression, or paranoia, or hate.  He pulled the trigger to save the people he loved.  If it weren’t for him, Robert wouldn’t be alive today.”
	“I understand that.”
	Nicole nodded, “I hope you do.  Because chances are, it will come to that line where you find yourself aiming the gun.” She stepped inside and left Terrence there to think.
	Inside, Eric twiddled his fingers over his stomach.  His breath slow as the clock reached nine in the morning.  Determining a comfort zone of seven feet separated her from the prisoner, Nicole stopped.  He wasn’t secured by anything more than his wounds. “I brought you a breakfast burrito.” 
	“Perfect.  Your boyfriend shoots my leg out and you think scrambled eggs will fix everything.” Eric’s answer bore no emotion. 
	“You know, you brought this on yourselves.” Nicole wasn’t afraid to speak her mind.
	Eric flipped her off from his bed. “You sure about that?  How about you ask Bobby why that gas station went up in flames in September?” 
	Her eyes thinned, but this was also a secret Robert had directly refused to confide to her, making a simple excuse. “I know all about that.” 
	“Yeah.  Like how two guys set up the gas pumps to ignite.  I lost more than half of my unit in three minutes.  Two guys, running around in sniper suits.” 
	“Ghillie suits,” Nicole corrected. 
	“Sorry if my grammar isn’t up to your expectations, bitch.” Eric turned his head away.  Nicole gritted her teeth and unwrapped the burrito.  She threw it with all her strength at the prisoner.  It slammed against his face, the impact shocking him enough to fall from the bed.
	Nicole slammed the door shut, a grin spread over her face.  She turned to face Terrence, “I don’t think you’d want his food anymore.”
	“Why’s that?” Terrence smirked.
	Nicole bit her bottom lip, holding off a wail of laughter. “You don’t seem the type to eat off the floor.”
	Muffled through the walls, Terrence heard curses directed at the young lady. “I suppose you gave him a face full?” he chuckled.
	“It’s gonna leave a mark.” Nicole giggled. 
	Terry,” Rob’s voice pierced the radio, “have you seen Nicole?” 
	Terence smirked, picking up the radio. “I don’t suppose you’re talking about this hot blonde standing at five foot three, sporting a pink tank top and run down blue jeans?  Man, I only wish I could see what was under those clothes.” Nikki laughed at Terry’s sarcastic retort.  Hearing Robert calling for her over the radio the first of at least fifty times today made her beam even wider.
	Robert scoffed, “Dude, really?”
	Hey, Bobby,” she said to her newlywed husband.
	Where have you been?” 
	Why?” Nicole asked. “Are you worried about me?” 
	“Every waking moment,” Rob shot back, starting into a sprint for the Cedar Ridge cabins. 
	“Derek,” Jacob called in, “meet me at the dining hall.  We need to discuss something.” 
	Rob’s sprint only lasted about thirty seconds, using a shortcut through the hillside to cut the distance by more than half.  As he slowed his speed to a dull, peripheral determined their outlines.  By instinct he waved a hand to acknowledge his presence.  Ten feet away, Nicole’s feet planted at the base of the metal grate stairs.  Her arms spread wide seeing Rob approaching with ecstasy in his eyes. 
	His tight embrace squeezed them tightly together. “Good morning.  Are you okay?” Robert asked in a whisper.
	“Never been better,” her retort. 
	“I expected to find you at the chapel.”
	Nicole nodded, “I had a few errands to run.”
	“Have you told anyone about it yet?” 
	She leaned down, pressing a palm over her tummy. “No, not yet.” She lied. “I wanted you to be there.” 
	His focus turned immediately to the makeshift prison set in the nearby edifice. “How’s he been?” 
	Nicole bit her lip, trying not to laugh. “You know, I stopped caring if he goes hungry a minute ago.” 
	“I’m sure your throwing arm is getting tired,” Rob gestured with a smirk.  The two kissed each other briefly. “Jacob showed me something.  Something that could help.” 
	Nicole grabbed Rob’s collar. “Can I speak with you about something?” 
	“Go ahead.” 
	“Why are we keeping Eric here?” Nicole asked. 
	Rob led her away from both Terrence’s direct gaze and Eric’s proposed hearing.  Two adjacent structures passed before they stepped into the fourth.  Inside, a floor, four walls, and a ceiling. “We’re keeping him here,” Robert nodded, “because he says he can negotiate a truce.” 
	“You told me that, but nobody believes you.”
	“Sorry,” Rob nodded, “that’s the way it has to be.”
	She leaned against one of the walls. “I’m not going to take that for an answer.” 
	“You have to,” Robert’s tone remained even and composed. “Right now, I don’t want to put any lives at risk.  Jacob’s got a surefire defense if they try to attack us, I promise.” 
	“That’s what you’re worried about?” Nicole assumed, “That they’ll just shoot through our gates regardless of what Eric tells them?” 
	“I don’t doubt for a second that they will.  Those mercenaries out there, they don’t care about us.  They’ll try to kill us with no mercy or discretion.  I volunteered myself for the counteroffensive before that happens.”
	“If that happens.” Nicole tried to correct.
	“It’s not a question of if.  As much as you and I want to deny it, this is war.  I pray a war like this can be averted by one man’s plea.”
	Nicole sighed, looking out the window. “Be careful…I don’t like when you do this.  There’s a child waiting down this road for you.” 
	“Stay safe,” Robert stepped up from behind, wrapping his arms around her waist before resting his chin on her shoulder. “I’m not going anywhere.” He pecked her 
on the cheek, then started out the door. 
	Derek stepping through the threshold to the dining hall.  He looked across the dimly lit room, under the guise of a damp overcast sky. “Jake?” Derek called, his voice echoing in the massive room built to sustain upwards of three hundred people. 
	Jacob was seated around the corner out of his sight.  He was cleaning his rifle scope for probably the millionth time.  Upon hearing company, he was more than willing to let it wait. “Good to see you, Derek.” Jacob held out his arm. 
	Derek accepted the gesture gracefully, but somewhat confused. “Thanks.  What’s this about?” 
	“Well,” he lifted the rucksack onto an adjacent table. “I got us a little helper.” He lifted the first brick out, tossing it into Derek’s hands.
	“Plastic explosive?” Derek considered the acronyms on the side. “How much damage can this do?” 
	“Depending on how you shape it, all sorts.  Don’t get your hopes up, though.  Shape it like a woman and the bitch will still blow your balls and your wallet into the next world.”
	Robert stepped through the door only a few seconds after Derek’s arrival.  He gestured a tip of his head to Jacob. “What’s your take on this?” 
	The Marine wiped beads of sweat from his brow. “Jack was the only one who got a look at the perimeter.  Lisa didn’t spend her time with that.  While you let them into the outpost, I kept an eye on them.  Those guys were city slickers, they couldn’t calculate distance in the woods if they had a laser to measure.  So my guess is they’ll come through the front gate because it’s easiest.  They’ll break off from the vehicles, move in on foot.  Clear the buildings room by room.  That’s not how I’d do it, but they were men of words, not action.  We’re hoping they take an interest in Eric, but anything could be at stake here.” 
	“What do you suggest?”
	“We need more guns,” Jacob admitted. “If they come with a full fighting force, the three of us and Mitch are the only trained shooters.” 
	“I’m not trained,” Derek said out loud. “not officially.” 
	Jacob slid his jaw, “Could have fooled me.” 
	“That’s not an option,” Robert confirmed his defiance. “I’m not going to put innocent lives at risk.  These people are here to survive, not to give their lives, and I will sacrifice mine to assure that mandate is not forgotten.  We’ll stop them.  That C4 is gonna do the trick.” 
	“Where you thinking of putting it?” Derek asked. 
	Jacob nodded as Robert answered. “Along the front gate.  Choke them in a bottleneck.” 
	“Good thinking,” Jacob noted, “you beat me to the punch.” 
	“Once we’ve got them cornered, don’t let up.  If one escapes, this is only the beginning.” 
	The last couple days in transit were met with occasional moments of anxiety and distress.  But hundreds of miles later, Jack was steering the truck into a rest stop a short way from the New Mexico and Texas border.  First it was Albuquerque, then it was Santa Fe.  And now he finally had the right track to go, since Travis next planned to strike the heart of Texas.
	In the passenger seat, Lisa was sleeping peacefully.  After the escape, Jack managed to dig out the bullet in Lisa’s leg.  Her wound wasn’t stitched, but rather wrapped up tight to slow circulation.  She lost a bit of blood from the injury, but was able to recover with enough rest and supplement.  Still the injury took its toll, nerve endings burning chronically, and took most of the energy out of her character.  Her eyes fluttered open when she felt the truck slow and turn sharply.
	“Are we there yet?” Lisa asked.
	“Yes,” Jack replied.  He pulled into the fully occupied rest station.  It was loaded with cars, trucks, vans, semi trucks, and recreational vehicles of all sizes.  Almost looked like a city with all the hustle and bustle.  Hundreds if not thousands of men and women preparing foods, cleaning weapons, and fixing mechanical problems.  They would be ready to go anywhere in a matter of hours.  Jack followed open asphalt slowly, as dozens of people crossed like this lot was no different than the streets of New York.  It took some time, but Jack found a red cross hanging, and quickly pulled to a stop. “I need some help!” Jack yelled to a few people as he walked around and pulled open the passenger seat.
	Lisa looked straight at him, “Jack, you need to tell Travis the truth.  What you did, how you could have killed that kid.”
	Jack looked at her indifferently. “Travis will hear what he needs to hear.  I am following my orders.  I am not a humanitarian, I am a soldier.”
	Lisa saw people coming to her aid. “They don’t deserve this.  They are no different than us.”
	The man took a step back for two medics to grab her.  She was helped out of the truck onto her good leg, where the two carried her away.  Lisa kept her focus on him, her stare begging him to do the right thing.  His eyes never parted from hers until the crowd blocked their line of sight.  Jack drew the wallet from his pocket. “Sorry, Lisa.  I can’t keep this from Greer.”
	Travis, at the moment, was going through scenarios for crossing the Texas border.  By what he heard throughout New Mexico, Texas wasn’t exactly allowing visitors.  The survivors inside the state had set up their own quarantine.  However the lines would undoubtedly be crossed.  And at this time, Dallas and Houston were going through their worst stages of the epidemic.
	“We cannot hope to build our arms if we do not appeal to the survivors.” Travis uttered loudly.
	Brian shook his head, “They sound definitive that they don’t want our appeals or our interests.  Our scouting party was spared only one man to tell us the story.  They aren’t looking for alliances.  The state of Texas is a lost cause.”
	“Texas is also one of the forty eight contiguous states.  The Reaper virus has crossed every border, there is no doubt about it.  Our mandate is to clean the virus out of every inch of this country…by any means necessary.”
	Austin Bradshaw, an old friend of Travis from before the war, was one of a few survivors holed up in a prison outside of Albuquerque.  The recollection of a good friend, not to mention a good advisor, was something Travis had long since needed. “Travis, that is a bold statement.  We do have a militia, but we in no condition have an army.  We cannot overpower an entire state fighting against us.”
	“We will do what we must.   It is the right of every man, woman, and child to live.  Millions of our people lost their lives to this beast.  How any survivor uses that right is up to them.  But my cause is just.  And they will either understand or perish in denial.”
	Austin stared at him in disbelief.  Brian also gave Travis a mystified look.  Yet the loyal Samoan rose to his feet, “Understood, Colonel.  I will organize our troops.  We strike at dusk.” He left the tent, momentarily stepping past Jack but without returning a glance.
	Travis tilted his head when he spotted “Jack?  What are you doing here?”
	“Shit went bad in Arizona.  They killed three of my men, and two more are unaccounted for.”
	“Who?”
	Jack retrieved the wallet and flung it at Travis. “They’re being led by this man.”
	Travis flipped the wallet up, where his eyes registered the name, date of birth, and picture.  The Colonel had to take a seat.  He set the wallet on the table and eyed it peculiarly. “You found him.”
	“Affirmative, sir.  How would you like this to be handled?”
	Travis glanced back at the map on the tarp. “My loyalties are split.  This militia’s dominance is utmost.  I need to be here alongside my forces.  Once we win Texas, our forces will be powerful enough to combat Reaper on a national scale.”
	“What do you want from me, sir?” Jack asked.
	Travis licked his lips. “Do not kill him.  I want him brought to me, alive.”
	“I’ll do what I can, but I can’t do it alone.”
	Travis nodded, “I’ll send a detail with you.” He paused for a moment. “Be careful, Staff Sergeant.  This man is not to be trifled with.  He will kill you if he gets the chance.  If he’s already got your scent, he’ll be ready for you to come back.  Don’t give him the chance.”
 	Jack nodded and smiled, “Thank you, Colonel.  I will not disappoint.” He left the tent with that, intending to get some rest and relaxation before going out again.  Now he would have the resources to fight.  Now they would see how the outpost could stand against another faction.

Day 129 
The Human Condition

 	A satellite clock in Texas cabin clicked past 2334 military time.  By now, Chris’ watch of the prisoner was to be switched over to Ben.  However, a failure of communication resulted in Ben falling asleep thinking he had the night off.  Chris didn’t send in a message to relieve himself of duty before fatigue wrestled him under as well.  Eric slid open his eyes.  He glanced to the other side of the cabin, where Chris was slumped back in his seat.  The rifle in his hands was secure.  Any attempt to retrieve the weapon could result in Chris waking.  Tonight wasn’t the night to do anything risky.  He had a single objective, the prisoner had to remind himself.  He eased a satellite phone from inside his dirtied vest. 
	Eric carefully laid both feet on the floor.  He silently dealt with the pressure on slowly healing gunshot wounds.  With time the skin and muscle would heal itself over.  But three weeks wasn’t the time necessary.  He needed to get out, and tonight would be the night.  Eric carefully lifted himself.  The extra weight on his injuries made him inhale sharply and clench his teeth.  A quiet spin of the head confirmed to him Chris was still asleep.  One foot in front of the other, he shakily stepped to the opposite door.  En route he had to use the successive bunks to aid from falling.  Walking wasn’t so foreign today as it was when he was first shot.  Above the leg, he’d maintain the ability to walk.  Robert long since accounted for that.
	The door opened only enough for Eric to squeeze his body through.  Eric used the rail down every step, eventually hitting dirt.  His vision was slow adjusting to the night sky.  Shielding the luminescence with his hands, Eric turned on the phone as he began a slow and pained journey across the camp.  Three rings passed with no answer, but the fact remained a ring was there. 
	On the fourth ring, the voice of Jack snapped on the line. “Hello?” 
	“Reyes,” Eric took a seat under the amphitheatre, just before a pair of headlights flashed over his position.  He drew a deep exhale, having barely missed the sightline of Joe, who was on his way back to Mohave to bunk down for the night. “Where are you?” 
	“We’re on our way,” Jack replied. “About fifteen minutes out.” 
	“Good,” Eric peeked his head around the pillar.  No more lights in the distance.  But something didn’t feel right.  A tingling in his spine, a sixth sense perhaps.  It made him think he was being watched. “Let’s make this simple.  Pick me up at the front gate, I should be there when you arrive.  From there, we pull back and regroup with Travis.” 
	Jack chuckled, “Don’t play like you’re in charge, Eric. I’ve always had command.”
	“I’m warning you, Jack…they killed Cliff, Britt, Peter, and Darius like they were nothing.  And I wouldn’t doubt if they’re the same guys who blew up that gas station.” 
	“We’ve got three trucks full of guns I handpicked for this mission.  How much are five good shooters going to do against a dozen of us?”
	“Jack, do me a favor and think before you get here.  Don’t put your men’s lives on the line.” 
	Jack laughed. “They’re already on the line, because Travis wants me to save your worthless ass.  We’re not just coming there to save you, though.  Travis wants Robert.  I’ve been ordered to bring him in.” 
	“Jack, wait.” 
	“Sorry, Eric.  I take orders from the Colonel…not you.” the line went dead with that. 
	“Fucking moron,” Eric swore silently, rising to his feet despite the pain and limping into the crops. 
	From the roof of the maintenance yard, Jacob finished loading the seventh bullet into the CheyTac Intervention.  He stared down the scope where he discerned a smudge on the sight.  Jake wiped inside the scope clean with his thumb.  As he finished, a glimmer caught his sight in the middle of the crops.  The marine rose to his feet and looked into the scope. A chuckle, “Sleeping on the job, huh Chris?” Jacob lifted the two-way to his mouth. “This is Jacob, I’ve got a visual on Eric heading west from the crops.” 
	Robert glanced out the window of the health office.  His palm sweated around the detonator for the plastic explosives a few meters away.  Dug up right beside the gate 
entrance, it looked like nothing more than a dead animal.  That was the point of an improvised explosive device: to be invisible until it exploded.  He lifted the radio, “Roger that,” Rob said. “I’m at the front gate.  Derek, what’s your status?” 
	Derek keyed up, “I’m here, Rob.  Waiting in the Yavapai crows nest.” He checked the M110 rifle Robert had entrusted him.  The mechanics were the same; load, lock, aim, pull, reload.  The weight of the rifle was different, considering Derek had mastered firing twenty-twos, not seven-six-twos.  Stopping power was of utmost import regarding living beings.  Too often, Robert had witnessed human beings take upwards of five rounds and 
manage to still get out of the fight.  If an enemy still had functionality in his hands and arms, he was a threat.  Higher calibers were more likely to induce shock trauma.  More often than not a target could be incapacitated more easily by the type of round fired than the location it struck.
	Nearing the dining hall, Eric heard the sound of vehicle engines on the highway.  His pace jumped with the urgency of his situation.  As soon as those trucks got here, he wanted to be in one.  In the company of all these people who wanted him dead, Eric was not the kind to wait around for his time to run out.
	On the other hand, Jack was the kind who couldn’t wait to put himself on the line.  He loaded a semi-automatic pistol, slipping it into an ankle holster.  His seat was as passenger of the front truck.  The truck was only as strong as its weakest link.  The fact that it was so large made the vehicle more a hindrance than help.  Taking in the fact that they had more numbers, they didn’t believe opposition would stand in their face. 
	Waves of sound pressed against Jacob’s eardrum, warning him of the presence of multiple vehicles. “I hear incoming.  You got a hold of that detonator, Bobby?” 
	“Affirmative,” Robert reported instantly.  The space of three minutes shot by in the blink of an eye.  Through the window, Rob had a clear view of Eric limping toward the gate.  He clicked his rifle’s safety lock off.  Breathing slowed dramatically, adjustments made for what could happen.  A few months ago, his objective was to keep people alive.  A threat was rapidly approaching and one of their own had already been assaulted.  As of now, the members of the outpost were alone in their battles.
	Headlights turned around the bend, approaching the camp quickly.  Eric dug himself against the stone and cement pillar beside the front gate.  He snuck his view around the corner, spotting his escape approaching full speed.  Unarmed, he had to make this quick.  And all the while, he had to convince the driver of one of the cars to back out while he still had the chance.  The vehicles gained speed as they neared the gate.  Eric backed himself behind, waiting for the vehicles to burst through. 
	Derek reserved himself behind the scope, a deep breath inhaled as the trucks flooded his view.  Jacob snapped his first bullet down the chamber and waited for a first sounds.  Despite the blinding light that consumed him through the blinds, Robert was steadfast with the detonator pin in his hands.  The first truck crossed the threshold.  Inside the vehicle, Jack braced for impact with a grin wide over his face.
	Rob pushed the pin and dropped.  In the blink of an eye, a concussive blast lifted the first truck from the ground several feet, spinning it as the fuel tank ruptured.  Impacting the gate in a midair corkscrew, enough velocity and a sudden impact with the heavy gate blew the truck into a sparkle of flames.  Eric’s ears lost hearing when the explosion went off, feeling the vibrations of the truck detonating a moment later.  The truck subsequently halted by friction and the heavy gates.  From his side Eric shifted his gaze to find the first truck spewing flames.  The explosion flipped the smoldering wreck onto its roof with three bodies inside burning away lifeless.
	Eric’s eyes were greeted by muzzle flashes from inside the health unit, in the air conditioning unit of the dining hall, and to his right on the maintenance building.  His ears were ringing monotonously loud.  He foolishly walked past two guns waiting for the bomb to go off.  They’d set a trap just for his people.  He should have guessed these people were smarter than they looked.
	Eric ducked as retaliatory gunfire of assault rifles spewed from outside the front gate.  Jack’s assault force met instant failure within a second of the fight.  The other two trucks were slowed by the roadblock in front.  With Jack’s death, chain of command broke down.  The next unit was inside the camp before brakes could stop them from crashing into the first.  Without room to move, six men left the flatbeds laying down fire on the nearby medical station.
	Robert rose and fired four shots at two of his closest foes.  He fell to the floor right before gunfire from five sources ripped into the window.  The sniper took a deep breath while laying on the floor.  In the low light, he expertly switched out magazines and rose to fire another volley. “This is what I get for being the decoy,” after another burst of three shot blind over the wall. 
	From the maintenance shed and dining hall, Jacob and Derek’s precision fire was doing a somewhat better job.  Jacob took care with every shot, impaling the forehead of his first subject within a second of the C4’s detonation.  Derek’s fire was a little sloppier with a different weapons system.  After two shots missed, he had to adjust the scope’s aim several clicks.  His third shot strafed an opponent hiding behind an employee’s sedan.  Though non-fatal, it providing him some hint as to its range when dust kicked up behind the falling opponent. 
	Jacob locked the second bullet in place.  His next target was the second driver.  Their defensive strategy didn’t have much to it.  If the trucks got past the dining hall, the survivors only had the hope of Chris, Mitch, and a few unsteady aims of Zack, Ben, and Terrence.  They couldn’t let that happen.  But just as the Marine expected, the convoy was stopped dead in its tracks.  He slid his eye behind the scope to center on a target two hundred feet away.  The gunshot echoed as Jacob sent the round.  In the blink of an eye, it shattered both opaque windows of a black Nissan, though not without swiping through the pilot.
	Just pulling around the roadblock the driver barely put his foot on the gas when life was expunged from his flesh.  The black sedan accelerated forward.  From inside, Rob heard the engine’s pitch rise.  He lifted his eyes to see through the window.  The sedan accelerated straight toward him.  Robert threw himself forward, diving headfirst through the damaged window.  It shattered around him as he slipped between the torn up mini-blinds.  Before he knew it, he was touching hard asphalt.  The truck slammed into the side of the building, tearing through the room Rob occupied a moment earlier. 
	Not a second of hesitation passed.  He’d been forced to give up his cover in exchange for his life.  This endeavor landed him right in the sight lines of the last standing men.  Robert sprinted across the roadway, sliding into a ditch as tracers lit up inches above him.  Rob raised his weapon and unloaded the last three shots from his clip at a running gunman.  Two of his shots pumped into his chest, but a thick layer of Kevlar absorbed the projectiles.  Quick to rise with his gun in hand, he rose to fire on Robert.  An echo followed Rob’s would-be killer as a high caliber shot ripped through his jaw.  The shooter fell without contest, bleeding out profusely and left to twitch uselessly on the floor. 
	Jacob lifted his eye from the scope to scan his save. “You can thank me later, Bobby.” Another smoking shell ejected and another bullet took its place. 
	Spotting one of the last four fall, Eric scrambled to his feet.  Robert dug himself into the dirt out of the line of fire while two gunmen engaged him.  Through the kicked up dust, his eyes met Eric running out the opened gate.  Derek and Jacob’s fire brought about both shooters falling.  All that were left of the opposition were the final driver and another gunner cowering behind the only surviving vehicle.
	Robert raised his head as Jacob called it in. “Rob, I’ve lost Eric.” 
	“I’m on him,” Robert locked the fresh clip into place.  Immediately after, he burst into a sprint for the fleeing leader. 
	Eric dove into the passenger seat of the last vehicle, a small frame Toyota flatbed. “Get us out of here!” His scream didn’t go unnoticed by the driver.  In less than a minute, their force of fourteen had been reduced to three.  The driver hit the gas, speeding the vehicle away from the campsite.  Eric had to brace himself against the dashboard as quickly as they left.  His eyes momentarily focused in on the headlights, showing the face of the sprinting soldier.
	Robert’s view was distracted by a straggler sentry who tried to run for cover in the woods.  Weapon in both hands, he slowed his pace and fired two shots in the enemy combatant’s shoulder.  Rob shifted his aim back to the roadway, on the distancing headlights that blinded him.  Returning to a sprint, he held the pistol in his right hand and started to unload the rest of his clip.  His hope was to increase the rate of fire to compensate for the shoddy aim through his exertion. 
	Bullets ripped the windshield multiple times throughout, causing both occupants to duck.  Eric stole a pistol from the driver’s holster to answer back.  He launched blind shots over the dashboard stressing the windshield to its limits.  Rob released a final round that hit soft flesh after it shattered the glass.  Eric fired one shot, his view absolved of the spider-forms and the driver stopping to change gears.   Robert felt a projectile pierced the right side of his waist.  With the searing pain of an entry wound, charred open flesh, and the wider exit wound, Rob fell to the ground. 
	Looking through the foliage to the distant battlefield, Derek and Jacob both saw their comrade fall to the floor. “Bobby!” Derek screamed, leaving his nest to aid his felled brother. 
	Witnessing Robert’s fall, Eric’s moment of ecstasy was replaced with frustration. “Shit,” he swore when his eyes rested on the body of the deceased driver, head leaned back against the headrest with a fatal gunshot wound to his temple.  A moment passed with him wondering.  The snipers took out the rest of Jack’s unit, leaving him as the sole survivor.  His shot may have killed the outpost’s leader.  Consequences for that would be severe.  Eric reached past the corpse of his driver for the door handle. 
	Robert was slow to raise his head.  He lost mind and body for a few seconds when the shot hit him.  The injured soldier wiped sweat mixed with dirt on his brow.  In the distance he watched the scene unfolding.  Eric was removing a body from the driver’s seat, scooting himself into the vacant seat.  Robert jumped back to his feet, the rush of a dizzy spell for a moment.  In his moment of blackness, he dropped his pistol in the dirt.  His mind didn’t realize that he was unarmed, improvising in a situation that couldn’t be won.  Through the fresh wound, Rob dug up the mentality to continue.  He burst into a dash.  Eric put the vehicle into drive and jammed his foot on the pedal.  Now or never raced by Robert’s mind, shoving him into a dive for the edge of the truck. 
	Three of his left fingers latched onto the raised tailgate with more strength than a fishhook.  However, the truck’s speed didn’t falter with the extra two hundred pounds.  Rob’s boots scraped loosely along the dirt road.  He threw his free hand up, getting a more stable grip and dividing his weight output.  With more strength available, Robert lifted himself into the flatbed.  As he stepped into the cradle a bullet slid up the side of Rob’s forehead, ripping through some strands of hair. 
	He dropped into the solid surface, safe from falling out.  A list of new problems arose in the accomplishment of a single feat.  He reached for his pistol, “Fuck,” remembering where he last used it.  The gun hadn’t moved since he accepted the first bullet.  Unarmed, wounded, and in the back of a truck he couldn’t control.  On the unkempt roadway and worse driving of Eric the sniper tried to find footing.  As he inched forward, gunfire pelted out the back window in his direction.
	One of the bullets sliced through soft tissue, tearing open the brachial artery in his left hand.  Unable to squelch the sudden and intense surge of agony, Robert fell with his right hand clenched tightly around the entry.  Stars of the night sky flooded his vision, his groans unheard to an ally.  The stars could have been from the blood he was losing.  With the rate this artery would bleed out, he may have had five minutes before loss of consciousness.  His right arm was doused in crimson.  The truck made a sharp turn around a bend, momentarily losing grip with the dirt.
	In the driver seat of the small frame truck, Eric released an empty magazine from the pistol in his hand. Eyes still on the road, he dropped the weapon in the passenger seat, opened the console, and felt around the dark cargo compartment.  He slid a fully loaded replacement clip out of the console.  Eric put the vehicle in the middle of the road before briefly losing touch with the wheel.  Reloading was a two-handed process after all.  He swung an arm over the shoulder, and though it was in close contact with his ear he fired several shots blindly out the back window.
	Robert’s hearing faded from the successive firing of seven gunshots.  He was getting light-headed from exsanguination.  A pint of his blood flooded the rivets of 
the flatbed and his body flailed uselessly in the car.  Robert pursued Eric to keep him from escaping.  They needed someone to negotiate a ceasefire.  If Eric were to escape their custody, there was no telling how viciously their foes would return.  His mind flashed over the face of Nicole smiling back at him.  Success or failure here meant everything to him.
	Robert remembered the grenade Jacob gave to him.  While their munitions were shorthanded as it was, he required finesse.  With a mortal wound, he couldn’t rely on his own abilities.  The road was nearing its end.  After this hail mary Rob would either lie still in the truck and die en route to the enemy, or he’d die trying to stop Eric.  Whatever were to happen, time was of the essence.  Another hundred feet laid the end of the dirt and the start of tough asphalt.  Rob slid the pin from the grenade, his left hand pale beneath the blood from the death grip.  Robert rose to his feet, seeing the turn only a few meters away.  Inertia was starting to carry him.  He flung the sphere underhand moments before being carried away by his body’s momentum.  It shattered through the rear window. 
	Eric was momentarily disoriented with the window being broken.  As he completed the turn onto the highway, his eyes met the safety lock of a handheld explosive device.  His eyes went wide at the sight hovering across his sightline.  Not wasting a moment of time, he reached into the passenger foot well where he located the ball.  Eric flung it out the driver’s window, too late to escape the blast radius of the empty fuse. 
	Caught in the concussive range, the small frame of the Toyota was flipped onto its roof and the subsequent slide caused it to roll over twice more.  Sparks flew as the vehicle skidded to a halt on the roadway inverted.  Robert lifted himself to his feet, having witnessed the vehicle flip from ten feet away.  The curvature of the road gave him some room to cover for the detonation.  Returning solid footing to the road, the soldier picked up a pistol obscuring the yellow lines.  A quick check of the clip showed five more bullets inside.  Walking became dizzy for him in that moment. ‘Focus,’ he told himself, locking the clip back in place and approaching the still crash. 
	Eric crawled out from the window.  While using one hand to pull his body clear of the wreck, his other hand was busy digging a shard of glass from just under his eye.  His distorted vision swung around until locking on the silhouette of Robert.  He traced down Rob’s arm and saw the same weapon he was firing only moments earlier.  On a still-spinning axis, Eric climbed to his feet. “You’re a persistent son of a bitch, Robert, I’ll give you that.” He wiped a stain of red from the side of his face. “So, you gonna shoot me?”
	Robert held his fire, “I never wanted it to come to this.  Your people crossed the line.”
	“What did you expect?” Eric shrugged. “This is the world now!  There’s no happy ever after for any of us!” 
	“I hoped we were on the same side.  Your greed almost cost one of my people her life.” Robert spoke through clenched teeth. 
	Eric shook his head, “I never wanted any of that!”
	“You didn’t bother to act the part.” Robert replied coldly.
	“How could I?  Every person on my side is thirsty for blood.  I tried to be an honorable leader, but I was never in charge!”
	Robert shook a dizzy spell off. “Why did they come back?”
	Eric shook his head, “I don’t know.”
	“You wouldn’t have that phone if we didn’t let you keep it.” Robert lifted the gun “So stop lying to me!”
	Eric bit his lip. “Travis.  He wants you.  He sent Jack and a dozen soldiers for you.  But none of them were expecting…this.”
	Rob shook his head, “I warned you not to test us.  I told you your people would suffer!”
	As he shrugged, “I guess I needed to see it for myself.” Eric noticed Robert’s posture was unbalanced.  His skin was paler than usual. “You gonna kill me or what?” 
	“God knows I want to,” Robert answered, both hands tightly clenching the weapon. “But I’m better.  I’m giving you one chance.  Leave, and never return.” 
	Eric shook his head, “It isn’t that easy, Robert.  If I survive tonight, he’ll only send me back tomorrow.” Robert put his finger to the trigger.  His squeeze came harder, be it via the blood loss or some sense of redemption.  Without warning, he dropped to a knee, nauseous, dizzy, and unable to stay afloat. “You’re looking a little pale, Bobby.” Eric stepped toward Rob. A wide grin spread over his face. “Like you’re time is almost up.” Robert felt as the gun was stripped from his grip with no contest.  Darkness ensnared Rob, dropping him onto the asphalt with no conscious movement.  Eric wiped blood from the pistol’s handle. “I never wanted to fight.  But I need to honor my men.” Putting his index finger behind the trigger, he lowered the weapon’s aim to Rob’s lifeless body. “I’m sorry, Robert--” from the 504, he spotted two sets of headlights peering between thick vegetation of the forest.  He lifted the weapon, fully aware that killing one of their people would incite rage in a number of people he didn’t want to test. “I’ll see you soon enough.” He slipped the gun behind his waist before turning and running into the forest. 
	Robert’s body lay strewn on the ground, a pool of blood filling around him.  He didn’t feel the vibrations of the cars.  He had dropped into a comatose state.  Another pint or two of blood and he’d be dead.  The Silverado braked hard right in front of the body.  Derek jumped from the driver’s seat, Nicole from the passenger.  In Derek’s hands were his own sidearm.  Side to side, his eyes swung across their black surroundings.  Nicole ran in a beeline, dropping at Robert’s side. “Bobby,” she screamed, shaking him hard on the floor.  The headlights illuminated the situation in its grotesque spectacle  Crimson stains littered half of his clothing, an exit cavity also determined on his thigh. 
	Jacob left the flatbed of the Silverado, running up beside Nicole.  The young woman’s breathing was heavily labored, and she didn’t have an idea how to treat this.  Seeing the blood on her hands brought her to sob out loud.  Jacob slipped his index and middle finger against Rob’s neck.  A faint pulse. “He’s alive,” Jacob examined the reflective pool on the floor.  He gave both wounds a quick but thorough inspection.  Seeing the wound to his arm, Jacob cursed. “Damn it.” 
	“What’s wrong with him?” Nicole asked with stained eyes. 
	Jacob glanced up at Derek. “Brachial artery.  We need to get him back to Dan now.  Does anyone know his blood type?” 
	Derek replied, “B Pos.” 
	Nicole relinquished Robert’s belt from his waist, then looped it tightly around the upper arm, above the wound sight.  If there was any hope of keeping him alive, the blood flow needed to decrease in that arm at least until the artery was clamped. “He’s lost a lot of blood.” Jacob lifted the body of Robert in his arms, carefully carrying him back into the Silverado.  Robert was laid down in the back seat, this time Nicole staying at his side and monitoring him.
	Derek stepped back into the driver’s seat, glancing back at Nicole with eyes of worry that matched hers. “Step on it,” she said.  Derek nodded before throwing the truck in reverse, performing a U-turn, and shredding down the dirt road back to camp. 

Day 130
Storm to Follow

	Nine hours after the events of last night, Robert’s vision built from the dreamscape it occupied a moment earlier.  His head hurt, probably another side effect. ‘Wait a second,’ his mind flashed.  The last he remembered was losing consciousness in front of Eric.  Somehow, a bland ceiling stood in place of his foe.  Rob sighed with the understanding that he was safe among friends once again.
	This incident which brought him just as close to death didn’t phase his mind one way or the other.  Rob was still alive, still able to defend his people.  He opened his eyes, immediately seeing the faces of three others.  Nicole he spotted first, sitting in a chair right at his side.  At the far side of the room, Chris was sitting on a chair facing them.  Daniel was at his side injecting a cannula into his arm.
	“Where’s Eric?” Robert’s first question. 
	Chris rose to a stand, albeit he looked lightheaded. “He wasn’t among the bodies we found.”
	“I had him in my sights,” Robert confessed a second later. “I was holding the gun, pointing it at him.  Something wouldn’t let me do it.” 
	Nicole reached for Robert’s hand, brushing her soft skin against his cold fingers. “You’re starting to believe?” 
	Robert averted his eyes from anyone’s contact, “I believe my choice is going to condemn us.  Eric said this isn’t over.” He turned to face Nicole.  Butterflies flew 
when he first looked into those eyes.  But he couldn’t trade off his emotion for the current matter.  The stakes just got raised.  This wasn’t about survival from the undead anymore.  From here on out, Outpost Seven was at war. “He says it’s gonna get a lot worse.” 
	Nicole leaned in and kissed him on the lips.  Releasing her from his taste, “I know why you couldn’t kill him.” 
	“Why?” Robert replied, letting a smile come to his face. 
	Nicole rolled one of her palms along Rob’s scruffy facial hair. “You’re a good man.  It’s why you’re worthy above.” 
	Rob was still considerably worried. “Everyone’s life is on the line…including yours.  There can be no negotiating.” 
	Daniel patted Rob on the shoulder. “Calm down, Bobby.  Just let the blood flow through your veins for a little bit.” Robert allowed himself a deep breath. 
	Nicole turned her gaze toward Dan. “How long is he gonna be off his feet.” 
	“One week, maybe two.” Rob accepted this length of time silently.  A lot better than four to six. “You lost a lot of blood, and I had a fun time sealing up the spill 
you got in your arm.  Don’t stress yourself.” 
	Nicole waved at Rob, “I’ll be back soon, Bobby.  Don’t worry about a thing.  We’ve got plenty of time for that.” 
	Robert couldn’t help but be stressed at the situation.  He looked up at the blood donation dangling above. “Whose blood is this?” 
	Dan acknowledged Chris with a tip of his head. “Still with me, boss?” Daniel asked. 
	Robert’s supervisor wiped sweat forming over his whiter than usual skin tone. “A little dizzy, but I’ll get by.” 
	Robert raised his right arm in Chris’ direction. “Thank you.”
	Chris nodded, “I know you’d do the same for me.” 
	Derek was at the front gate helping push the destroyed car from the roadway into the adjacent dirt parking inlet.  The second truck by this time had been removed from the health building where it crashed.  Everything from its engine to cup-holders were being removed by Carl and Zack.  Jacob disappeared a little after the battle, taking a single injured hostile plucked from the combat zone with him.  The bodies of fallen enemies were thrown into a pile out of the eyes of others.  After the field of battle was cleaned up and the damage to the fence was prepared, the dead would be driven away from the camp and dumped. 
	As a unit, Derek, Zack, Joe, and Terrence lifted the flipped, burnt away carcass of the red Dodge, lowering it off the road just outside of the front gate.  Zack turned once he was free of the burden.  His eyes drifted to the dozen bodies aligned on the floor.  All but one of their attackers lined the floor.  In the center of the graveyard, Jack’s charred face was easy to detect.  Zack let out a deep breath, confirming with his own eyes.  The man who tried to kill his love was dead.  But something was amiss.  He still had an empty feeling, as though something could never be repaired.  Savannah never truly would heal from her experience.  The scar would eventually heal, but the trauma would always remain.
	Derek stepped up to Zack’s side.  He set an arm on Zack’s shoulder. “I told you he wouldn’t get away with this.”
	Zack shook his head, “It’s not enough.”
	Derek shook his head, “It never is.   What matters is that she is alive, and you’re there for her.” He started away. “There will always be monsters outside those gates.”
	Zack looked into the distance beyond the fence. “I’ll protect her.”
	Derek spotted Nicole on a direct approach.  He nodded to the three before they headed back into the camp to return to normal duties.  Nicole passed them all without a 
word. “How’s it going?” She asked the one who stood his ground. 
	Derek wiped his hands of the soot. “Just about cleaned up.  They left us a mess, but it was nothing we couldn’t handle.”
	“Bobby’s scared, Derek.” 
	“I’m not surprised.  This is the second time he almost died.” 
	Nicole shook her head, “He’s not worried about himself.  He’s scared for everyone else.” 
	“That sounds like him,” Derek smirked. 
	“According to something he heard Eric say, this is only just beginning.” 
	The smile faded from Derek’s eyes.  Snow began to fall in thick clumps to the ground. “What day is it,” Derek asked.  His eyes glanced up to see the opaque, gray sky and falling precipitation. 
	Nicole thought through it for a few moments. “December 1st.” 
	“Travis will be here at the end of the month.” 
	“What?” She asked.
	“Robert heard Travis was meeting with Jack on the thirtieth.”
	“You know who Travis is, don’t you?”
	Derek nodded, “He’s building a militia…to fight this plague.” 
	“And anyone who stands against them.” Derek nodded without a word. “The rest of the camp needs to know about this.  If Travis wants a war…we’d better be prepared to give him one.” 
	Derek tilted his head in confusion. “Strange hearing words like that coming from you.”
	“Just because I believe in salvation doesn’t mean I’m afraid to defend our way of life.  I was optimistic something like this wouldn’t happen…but this world doesn’t have much room for optimism.”
	A few minutes later, an assembly of twenty-one was gathered.  Derek stood 
alongside Jacob in front of the group.  He cleared his throat. “This morning, there was an attack on our complex.  We held them back, but things may have gotten complicated.” 
	“What do you mean ‘complicated?” Miguel asked. 
	Jacob stepped forward. “During the shootout, Eric escaped.  We have strong belief he’ll be back again.” 
	“I thought there were just those guys,” Alex spoke from the back. 
	“A few days ago, Eric confirmed to us a militia was being built up by his CO.” Derek answered. “His lieutenant brought more than a dozen guys back to fight us.  I can see a lot more coming soon.” 
	“Do you have anything to substantiate this threat?” Brooke followed in question 
	Nicole stepped in front of the staff. “Yes.  Robert heard a conversation between Jack and another man named Travis.  From what I’ve been told, Travis is going into occupied cities and finding survivors for his militia to combat the infection.  He’s regrouping with Travis on the thirtieth of this month.”
	“Why are you telling us this?” Miguel asked.
	Derek answered with authority in his voice to everyone. “If they remain hostile, we don’t have personnel to fight them off.  After today, I can guarantee they’re coming back for blood.  Anybody who can fire a rifle, I need your help.” 
	Zack took a step forward. “I can help,” His eyes met Savannah’s, finding doubt and worry spreading quickly. “It’ll be okay,” he whispered. 
	“I need a straight shooter, Zack.” Derek eyed him precariously. “Can you make that possible.” 
	The younger man nodded. “I was meant for more than just making it past the outbreak.  Whatever you need me to do, I will.” 
	Derek nodded. “Anyone else offering a hand?” 
	Carl separated from Heather’s embrace. “I can go,” he raised a hand. “I’ve fired a few guns in the past.” A few moments later, Miguel and Justin were also electing themselves to fight.  Joe was a nonevent, he’d been out target shooting every other week since they got here.  Chris also knew how to handle himself with a weapon.  By the end of the meeting, Ben, Terrence, and Mitch had all determined their value.  It may not have been much for the two aging custodians.  Hopefully Mitch wouldn’t be handicapped by his missing fingers.  They could use another with military experience, lest it be a single body. 
	Jacob waited for the assembly to calm itself.  A number of the volunteers had developed relationships and were discussing the new adaptation.  When a few minutes 
passed in low murmurs suddenly jumping an octave, Jacob cleared his throat loudly. “I’ve got three sticks of C4 left over, but we need to discuss locations.  For the most part, everyone’s going to stick back in the cabins and wait for the final push.” 
	“What about the first push?” Carl asked. 
	“We don’t know how these guys are going to hit us and we don’t have the means to fight it off.” 
	“We’ve got a dozen rifles,” Justin said, arms folded.
	“A dozen .22 bolt action rifles don’t stand a chance against automatic assault rifles.  Hoping their tactics are guerilla as this one, we’re going to set explosive inside the front gate.  I’ll make the first strike from the maintenance yard.  Whoever’s on the climbing wall, you’re the next line.  Aim for the driver or engine block to slow them down.” 
	The next several hours were spent with Derek, Jacob, and Nicole talking through the various aspects of the battle to come.  It wouldn’t be pretty, Jacob could sense it in his bones.  His face showed no fear, but he was good at hiding emotion from the camp. 
	A couple hundred feet away, Robert laid still in his bed.  Daniel talked to him through the day.  By this time, Chris had finished donating and gone to sleep at his 
private abode. “I hate being useless.” Robert said with a hoarse voice. 
	“What would make you think you’re useless?” Daniel asked. “You did the most out of anyone back there.  Everyone’s still wondering how you flipped a truck over.” 
	Robert chuckled, “I still didn’t do the one thing necessary.” 
	“Remember what Nicole said.” Daniel answered, “You’re a good man, Rob.  And death is never a justifiable means to an end.” 
	“It is if you want to survive,” Rob iterated. “Travis’ people…they don’t come for kindness, charity, or good will.  They didn’t assimilate themselves into us to be friends.  It was to watch us, to see what we do.  To think what we’re thinking.  And like a fool I let them in.” 
	Daniel shook his head, “Bobby, you’re trying to scare me, but I’m fine.  Everyone understands.  Derek and Jacob are working up a defensive strategy as we speak.” 
	“Then I need to be part of it,” Robert tried to raise himself.  Daniel grabbed Rob by the shoulder and pushed his weak grip loose of the railings. 
	“No, you don’t.  I told you, not for a week.  This new blood’s gotta warm up to your system.  You may not have realized it, but you went into shock last night after you 
passed out.  You’re lucky to be alive, in my opinion.  As much blood as you lost, I’m surprised Chris stayed conscious long enough to--” 
	“Luck has nothing to do with it,” Robert cut the doctor off mid-sentence. “I wasn’t meant to die.  Fate showed that to me back in August.  It’s not my time yet.” 
He laid silently on his bed while Daniel filled a syringe with sedatives. 
	“You seem out of your head.  I’m going to put you down for a little while.  Is that okay with you?” 
	Robert shook his head, “I suppose my opinion doesn’t matter.” He closed his eyes before Daniel administered the shot… 
	Cold snow fell upon the entire camp in a white hazy sky.  No sunlight was directly visible, but peered through the overcast, reflective white clouds.  It must have snowed six inches by sunset’s fall upon the edge of forest.  Tracks were dug knee deep from one building to the next.  Few even chose to venture to the other side of the camp with the 
sheer distance of more than a quarter mile to reach the closest structure from the cabins.  Trekking in the thick snow was more fatiguing than one expected the first fifty steps or so.  After that, it was a straight up pain in the ass, before regarding the drenched jeans, shoes and socks. 
	Only hours after Eric’s escape, Jacob and Derek were training the new recruits on proper firing of weapons.  A month from now, they’d be going to the edge of the 504 
to watch Eric’s meeting with Travis.  If they were to survive an attack on that day, they needed the element of surprise and the preemptive action to fire as soon as they were deemed hostile.  If it came down to it, they’d go to war with their opposition on the front line.  Despite the heavy snow, at least a dozen people had started their training indoors. 
	Nicole slid six bullets into the pistol Jacob issued her.  Rather than getting one of the standard .45 handguns or .22 scoped rifles among the other shooters, Jacob tested 
her with the .357.  As she pulled the hammer back, Jacob leaned up next to her. “Might want to cover your ears,” he whispered, then grinned. 
	Nicole giggled. “Thanks for the tip,” she rose the pistol.  This wasn’t the first time she’d fired a weapon, but the recoil of previous experience didn’t compare to the 
blowback of a revolver.  She took a deep breath, holding it in as she honed in on a single-serving box of cereal stacked atop the fireplace fifty feet away.  Jacob leaned against the wall, his ears already filled with wax.  The iron sights ran parallel.  She pulled the trigger. 
	Jacob felt the shockwave from several yards away.  He laughed out loud as four others dropped instinctively at what sounded more like a bomb going off.  Miguel looked up at the smoking barrel.  Nicole’s hearing was also shocked.  Her grip was careful on the weapon, she didn’t want to fire it again with her ears ringing so loud. “What the hell?” 
Miguel yelled from five feet away. “Why are you shooting that in here?” 
	Nicole saw his expression and couldn’t help but laugh. “I didn’t know it was going to be that loud.” 
	“Anybody deaf?” Jacob had to ask.  It was a cruel prank to pull.  Nobody was expecting something like that.  Jacob hadn’t the chance to pull something so cruel off since boot camp. “I’ve got enough earplugs for everyone.” 
	“Why wouldn’t you mention that before?” Miguel rose to his feet. “You knew she was gonna shoot that.”
	“Yeah,” Jacob laughed. “I knew.  I wanted to see how good a shot she was.” All eyes shifted to what remained of the box.  The gunshot’s impact and velocity left the box as little more than cardboard and plastic remains among hundreds of grains littering the floor. “And I couldn’t wait to see how everyone would react.” 
	Miguel flipped him off. “Nice joke, jarhead.” 
	“The hell did you call me?” Jacob’s tone went hoarse. 
	“Nothing--” 
	“Come on,” Jake saw his words alone scared the kid. “I’m just messing with you.” Jacob took a step toward her. “That is terrific shot, Nikki.  You ever shot a gun like this before?” 
	“No,” she grinned. “Bobby gave me a few lessons.” 
	Robert’s eyes slowly drew open, looking out at the cold fall of white.  His temperament didn’t both for the change in climate.  The best part about the White Mountains were their unpredictability.  It reminded him of his enlistment.  The colder and darker pits of his spiteful memories.  As soon as he was well enough, construction for an arctic ghillie suit would be necessary.  Environmental changes were just another cog of adaptability. 
	Rob, even from his bed in the health station, felt the frozen edge of precipitation from the adjacent window.  A few moments slipped by as the sun found itself crossing the 
horizon into sunset.  Robert stretched his arms over his head, embracing the peace while it still remained. 
	A few moments passed silently while he yawned.  Soon after, they were greeted with Derek’s entrance.  He acknowledged the presence of his younger cousin still in 
bed, “You like the weather?” 
	“Can’t complain,” Robert replied, his eyes not deterred from the meadow. “But the silence is killing me already.” 
	“We’re ready to take whatever they throw at us,” Derek tried to solidify. “We’ve got a Marine Major on our side.  I tell you what, Jacob knows what he’s doing.” 
	“Rule number one: never put your faith in one mortal.” 
	“You don’t sound sure we can survive this.” 
	“We’ll survive this as a collective,” Robert confirmed to him, “but who’s not going to survive among us?  That’s what worries me the most.” 
	“You gotta put that out of your head.  We’ve got home field advantage and match weapons and ammo with that last attack.  It’s not like they’re going to attack us tomorrow.” 
	“I’m not worried about an attack anytime soon.  God’s trying to stay on our side.” 
	“Since when does God take sides?” Derek asked. 
	“He takes a side as soon as I do.  I just pray we’re on the same.” Derek chuckled at Robert’s words. 
	“I saw something pretty amazing a few minutes ago?” 
	“What was that?” Robert guessed, “An elk?  Hope you killed it, I’m hungry for some steak tonight.” 
	“Better.  I saw Nikki hit a target at fifty feet with Jacob’s revolver.” 
	Robert’s eyes darted across the room. “What?” 
	“She handled that gun like a vet.  Said you gave her a few pointers, too.” 
	He looked out the window again. “I don’t want Nicole to be part of this.” 
	Derek shook his head. “What do you expect me to do?  She insists we need all the help we can get.” 
	“I don’t care,” Robert held his ground. “She’s my wife…and she’s pregnant.  I don’t want her doing anything but looking out after the kids when the bullets fly.” 
	“Wait,” Derek was perplexed. “Nikki’s pregnant?  Why didn’t you bring this to me before?” 
	“We didn’t want to make it look so sudden,” Robert insisted. “She took a test last month.” 
	“What are you gonna name him?” Derek was quick. 
	“We don’t know if it’s a boy or girl.” 
	“It’s a boy, trust me.” Derek patted Robert’s cold arm. “Alright. I’ll send her to you next time we cross paths,” Robert shot him a sour look. “Sorry, but I’m not 
fighting your wars for you.” Derek left the building, heading back for the cabins. 
	Daniel stepped into the door a split second later. “You doing okay?” The doctor asked, a bottle of water in his hands.
	“I was great ‘til you came back,” Robert said sarcastically. 
	“Don’t worry,” Dan’s retort upon taking a seat on the couch. “I plan on sticking around for a while.  I might even outlive you again.” Robert drifted off into sleep as night befell them.  Daniel didn’t depart from his seat, using the couch as his own bed.  It hadn’t been the first time, it was far from the last.  Miles away, any number of things could be happening.  Dreaming wasn’t easy when one could only envision a potential death running toward them full speed. 

Day 147
Euthanize

	Almost three weeks had passed since their defenses had gone for the better.  Silenced surrounded their peace, making way for a dense layer of snowfall wrapping the 
landscape in white.  But in place of the success ducking an all-out strike, another problem had crept its way into their ranks.  Susceptibility to disease was one of those things few 
could avoid, but luck had shined on them so far.  At least, until three days ago.  Lying in bed at the health station, Alex looked up silently.  A few yards away, Daniel, Robert, and Derek stared through the window. 
	“What’s wrong with him, doc?” 
	Daniel took a seat, reaching for a cigarette.  As he lit the butane to the edge, Derek remembered, “No smoking indoors.” 
	“Good,” Daniel replied, lighting it up anyways. “I didn’t want to talk inside anyway.” He led the three out the door while Alex’ eyes slid shut. 
	Outside, Daniel smoked like a fiend. “I don’t got the meds to stop what he’s got.” 
	“What does he got?” Derek asked. “Some kind of infection?” 
	Daniel hesitated. “Leukemia.”
	“Can it be treated if we picked some things up?” Robert insisted. 
	“Come on,” Dan replied, “you want to drive fifty miles on eight inches of snow, no signs of the road you’re driving on and trees fallen on the asphalt?  I hate to be the one to tell you, but we can’t save him.”
	“Why not?” Derek became defiant. “I thought leukemia could be treated these days.” 
	Daniel’s posture didn’t look steady.  He’d been working since the beginning promoting for the better health of their collective of survivors.  Now, all his previous 
measures had met fault.  He’d failed to keep them all alive. “It could, back when society still existed outside those gates.  Back when you could drive down the street to the ICU.  He’s lost ten percent of his body weight in three days.  By the time you’d make it to Show Low in these conditions, there would be nothing that could save him.”
	Robert into the snowy plateau, hands over his head. “Nothing can be done?” 
	“How did he even get it?” Derek asked. 
	Daniel sighed. “There’s a range of causes.  The cold of winter may have brought it, but as quick as he came down my guess is genetic.”
	Robert looked down at the ground. “Does he know yet?” 
	“No,” Dan replied. 
	“If it’s going to kill him, I believe he should know about it.” Robert stepped through the door.  Not far behind, Derek kept a close pace.  Daniel, on the other hand, chose to stay outside and avoid the conflict altogether.  Stepping through the door, Rob saw the damage being done.  He’d lost more than fifteen pounds from his body weight, eyes drooped lowly, spots of purple on his forearms. “Good morning, Alex,” Rob whispered. 
	The patient lifted his eyes, though noticeably weak. “Welcome to Circle K, Bobby,” he joked. “Did Danny figure out what’s wrong with me?”
	Robert nodded, taking a seat alongside his sick friend. “You’ve got leukemia.” Alex didn’t speak, didn’t move.  His stare was blank, though his mouth opened enough to draw another breath. “I hate to tell you, but you have to know…you’re going to die, no matter what we do.”
	Alex sighed deeply, “Just like mom.” His eyes dropped for a few moments. “So,” Alex gulped. “I’m gonna die one way or the other.” 
	“What do you mean by that?” Robert asked.  Derek just stepped in. 
	“I think the two of you know exactly what I mean,” Alex replied. 
	Derek took a step forward. “I would appreciate it if you could explain it clearly for us.” 
	Alex threw his mouth beneath one of his shirt sleeves, coughing several times.  A few spatters of red on cloth only served to further depress the situation.  He wiped his lips. “A while ago…the first day we met Jacob.  His daughter was infected.  She had a choice, to die by the virus or die by our mercy.  I have that choice now.” 
	Robert sighed. “I was afraid you’d ask that.  Everyone else needs to be informed of your choice.  Give them a chance to say goodbye.” 
	“No worries,” Alex replied, “I didn’t make any commitments.  I was just the gas station attendant.  Look what Derek did to my workplace.” His laugh caused him to choke.  He contained the cough to his arm.  Robert rose from his seat. 
	“I’m still going to let everyone know.  You’ve been one of us since the beginning.  I’m sure you’ve been a bigger influence than you take yourself for.” 
	Alex shrugged. “I guess we’ll see soon enough,” his eyes drifted into the back of his head.  The fatigue was getting the better of him.  Time was almost up as is. 
	Robert sprinted through the snow, reaching the cabins where everyone had chosen to stay.  Traversing the thick snow even a quarter mile was too cold and long for any to try.  Nicole sat on a pillow, her eyes staring down to a game of chess. “I was never good at this game.” 
	Opposite her, Mitch chuckled.  One of his pawns clipped her last rook off the board. “It takes a lot of thinking.  You gotta be three moves ahead of your opponent if you expect to win.” 
	“Is that how it works in the Army?” 
	“No,” Mitch shook his head as she moved another pawn forward. “We had this thing called ‘nuclear deterrence.’ Nobody wanted to blow us up, because we could blow them up just as easy.  Basically, everyone was already in check.  As soon as the mate showed up, there’d be clouds rising on five horizons.  I’m really glad it never came down to that…instead, the world died quietly after one bomb went off.” 
	Robert stepped through the far door.  Both Nicole and Mitch turned to see his red and sweat-brooded face.  She saw something in his eyes as soon as they connected. “Bobby?” Nicole stood up. “What’s wrong?” 
	Robert started toward her. “Alex is dying.” He stopped as eyes peered further down the hall.  It didn’t appear anyone else was here.  Otherwise it was just too quiet. 
	“How’s that?” Mitch jumped up. “I thought Dan said he’d be fine.” 
	“We were wrong,” Robert felt the loss of Alex already ripping his emotions into pieces. “He’s got leukemia.  Dan says he’ll be dead by tomorrow.” 
	Brooke turned around the adjacent side where at least five other heads were listening intently. “Does he know about this?” the camp director started in his direction. 
	“I told him a couple minutes ago,” his eyes never turned from the sight ahead of him.  Before he knew it, Brooke was standing at his side.  His eyes drifted to face her. “I hate to say I told you so.” 
	Brooke shook her head.  To her, as well as almost every other Alex did have some pull.  Losing him was going to hurt, even though he wasn’t staff.  Barely five months they’d been all put together in the pot.  Now it was boiling over, max capacity or otherwise fate brought the unredeemable forward. “Are you going to be alright?” 
	Rob sighed.  It couldn’t help but slide from his tongue. “It’s better that he’ll be saved beforehand.  All we’re going to see is more hell on earth.  Lucky son of a bitch.” Trying to be sarcastic. 
	Brooke threw her arm over his shoulder. “Don’t worry, Bobby.” 
	“I’m not worried,” Rob convinced her. “I’m angry.  Angry that nothing I can do will save him.” 
	“What did he say?” Nicole asked. 
	Robert sighed. “He mentioned when Jacob’s daughter had the choice, to either live out the last painful hours or have it end abrupt and painless.  He made the same ultimatum five minutes ago.” 
	The three were intrigued by the sudden plea for euthanasia.  One of their people was about to die, by his own wishes. “Who’s going to do it?” 
	“I’m afraid to ask anyone.  I feel the burden should be mine.  Alex was one of the few friends I made outside this camp.” 
	Nicole stepped forward, leaning up and kissing him on the cheek. “Can you honestly be the one?  You couldn’t pull the trigger on Eric.  What’s to say you’ll be able to fill this commitment?” 
	“This commitment,” Robert pushed her away, “It’s more than that.  It’s a favor, one that I can’t refuse a good friend.” He sighed deeply, hating the words as they drew 
from his lips. “I’m hoping you can spread it to the rest.” A tear stained his cheek. “I don’t think I can say it again.”
	Brooke patted him on the shoulder. “I’ll take care of it,” she left with that. Mitch followed her, leaving the couple alone. 
	The young lady leaned up against him.  Her arms encircled his torso, and her eyes clamped shut. “I love you.” 
	Robert kissed her hair gently. “I love you, too.” 
	Her eyes glanced up, witnessing a gold-breasted hummingbird flying across the landscape. “That’s odd?” 
	“What?” Rob tried to see what she was looking at, but the only thing that caught his attention was the blur flying around. 
	“That bird.” Nicole gestured, turning Rob onto the actual thing he was trying to look past. “All the others headed south a long time ago.  Looks like this one got cut off.” 
	Robert grinned.  The bird flapped its wings with incomparable velocity and endurance. “I hear they’re the only birds that can fly backwards.” 
	She nodded. “Yeah.  Amazing little creatures.  They can flap their wings up to ninety times a second.  And they somehow manage to keep that metabolism stable for years.” 
	“Really,” Rob watched the bird swing down and drink nectar from a flower. “I could have sworn they didn’t last six months.” 
	“I’m gonna ask you something a little spiritual, do you mind?” 
	“Not at all,” Robert nodded.  His faith had been solidified by his death months earlier.  He was guaranteed salvation in death, but only that was overshadowed by the 
bond he’d created with Nicole in life. 
	“God put everything on this earth for a reason.  Why did he make hummingbirds?” She glimmered, seeing Robert was at a loss how to answer the question. 
	Rob took a deep breath. “You got me,” he admitted. 
	“There’s no real answer.” She slid her hand down his face. “Why are you so scared?” 
	Robert looked to the ground. “Alex is just the first.  There’s going to be more…and I don’t want to lose you.” 
	Nicole shook her head, rubbing her tummy. “Haven’t you forgotten something, Rob?” 
	“What?” 
	“You told me yourself,” she grinned. “I was there.  I was waiting for you on the other side.  Know this, Bobby.  In life and death,” her voice whispered down his ear, “I will always be with you.” 
	Rob grinned.  The two embraced, looking out at the meadow as the day ticked on.  Alex wasn’t long now.  Soon enough, the decision would have to be made. “I have to go.  Alex wants this to be over.” 
	“Not even a goodbye?” 
	“No,” Robert sighed. “He doesn’t think he left a mark on anybody here…but if you ask me, he’s just doing it to avoid seeing them, since he knows it’s the last time.” 
	Nicole scoffed. “Bobby, listen to yourself.  You’re not going to kill Alex.” 
	“I’m going to do what I have to.”
	“That isn’t you, Rob.  I’m going to be watching when you try to pull that trigger.  Alex would beat the snot out of you if he had the energy for it when you can’t.” 
	Robert shot her a dry look. “I’m done here, Nikki.” 
	He started for the door. “Wait,” Nicole chased him outside onto the wood barefoot. 
	Robert stopped. “What do you want from me, Nikki?” 
	She sighed. “Think it through.  Eric may have deserved to die but you didn’t end him.  It may have solved all our problems, but you weren’t about to kill a defenseless 
soul.  I’m sure he tried to kill you a dozen times before you had your one chance.” 
	“Now, anything could happen.” 
	“I trust you, Jacob, and Derek are more than enough to fend them off.  Plus that C4, no contest.  We’re gonna get through this fine.” 
	On the other side of camp, Derek looked down the barrel of his gun.  A few feet from him, Alex coughed up a few spatters of blood once more.  The terminally ill released a deep sigh. “I’m ready.” 
	Derek’s eyes shot up to face him. “Are you sure?” 
	He was sad enough to cry but the tears wouldn’t shed. “Definitely.” His vision crossed the pane of glass.  Nobody approached. “If it’s too much a burden for anyone else, I can take my own life.” 
	“That won’t be necessary,” Derek confirmed. “If nobody else can, I will.” 
	Alex clicked his teeth in apprehension. “I have a favor to ask you.” 
	“Anything,” Derek nodded. 
	“I want you to kill a lot of zombies for me.” 
	Derek chuckled, “We’ve been well enough this far.  But in case they cross our path, I’ll honor that favor…do you want me to say anything, to anybody?” 
	“Tell Audrey it never would have worked between us,” he started to laugh. “I’m sure she didn’t know that already.” 
	Derek glanced down at the frame of his pistol once more. “That’s it?” 
	Alex sighed, “Fine,” he raised his head. “Tell everyone I’m gonna miss them…but I’ll be looking out for them.” Tears started to well in his eyes. 
	Only feet away Derek couldn’t stand to be the messenger of such a beautiful request. “Okay,” he wiped a stain from his cheek. “I’ll do that.” 
	“Thank you,” he leaned back in his bed. “Let’s be done with it.” 
	Derek unclipped the radio from his jacket. “Bobby, go to secondary.” 
	“Yeah,” Robert answered a moment later. 
	“We’re going ahead with it,” the subject wasn’t clear, but Robert could hear it clearly enough. 
	Rob took a seat. “Am I…?” He couldn’t finish. 
	A short silence, followed by “I will.” 
	Robert leaned back against the wall.  By his side, Nicole couldn’t speak one way or the other. “You couldn’t have been the one to do this.” She whispered, gliding her hand along his arm. 
	He sighed. “I know.” It was hard enough to convince himself he could kill somebody at all.  Those who had threatened the safety of his people had earned their 
fate.  But destroying the life of a good friend didn’t seem a task he could accomplish. 
	Derek guided the weak Alex out of the health station.  His life wouldn’t be ended off-site.  Everyone would learn of his fate.  Stepping out the door, Alex shivered. “It’s cold.” 
	Urgent to make his last moments as comfortable as he could, Derek removed his own jacket.  The thin cotton of his tee-shirt below didn’t ward off any of the temperature dropped below 25 degrees Fahrenheit. “Is that better?” 
	Alex’ head bobbed heavily in a forced nod. “Thank you, Derek.” 
	“Don’t mention it,” Derek held the weaker man around his underarms.  Their pace was slow as they approached the trees.  No others pursued their party which disappeared beyond the multiplying trunks of wood.  A small clearing offered them thin snowfall around a spacious canopy. “This’ll do,” he whispered to himself. 
	The handicap to Alex was released, causing him to hang steadily under his own legs.  He couldn’t remain stable.  Thus, snow crushed under his legs as he found 
stability in a kneel. “You know the irony of this situation?”
	Derek shook his head, “What?”
	“My mother died of leukemia when she was twenty six.  The doctor confirmed the same was going to happen to me within the year.  So I was always going to die.  None of you should hold yourself responsible.”
	“None of us will forget what you did for us.”
	Alex smirked, “It means a lot,” he said with heaving breath.  The fear of death had corrupted his mind in the few seconds he was left under his own fading strength. “Not a 
lot of people could kill someone.” 
	“I’ve had a little practice,” he silently turned the safety switch off. “Have you prayed to your god?” 
	Alex shook his head, “Never been much of a follower, I chose science over faith.” 
	Derek sighed.  He raised the pistol. “Take care of yourself, Alex.  It’s not going to be the same without you.”
	“Liberate me from this pain, brother.” Alex closed his eyes, face pushed down by the failing muscles in his neck.  A pull of the trigger left an echo throughout the valley.  Lifeless, the body of Alex fell into the snow.  Stains of red had spread in a berth several feet from the site of the execution.  Looking down at the still figure sunk in the white, Derek lowered his pistol. 
	As if the disease had spread via death, he fell to his own knees.  Pistol slid loose from the hand, leaving an impression where it disappeared beneath snow.  All his 
strength was gone by a single inflicted wound.  Months ago, he’d done the same with Jacob’s own revolver.  But ending the life of a person barely known didn’t bring near 
the grief of ending what seemed like family.  He cried out loud, water distorting the gruesome scene through his eyes.  How quick, it seemed, that life fleeted from almost 
everybody.  Death was just as much a beginning as birth.  How alive were they, the ones who struggled in life?  Would death bring Alex peace? 
	Despite the frigid winter in Northern Arizona, the state of Texas maintained a decent climate.  And with the warm weather came a hellish fight.  Travis was trapped in a stalemate.  Half of the citizens he ran into wanted to kill him, the other have wanted to join him.  But he couldn’t find common ground with common countrymen.
	The Colonel took a seat in a diner, a cigar steaming in his left hand.  He had recently tried to lead a strike force only to have his unit devastated.  Out of nine men, three made it out alive.  Travis took a long drag, his head leaning back.  He wished it was all a dream, but a door closing at his back took his focus off the hope of living a fantasy. “Who is it?”
	“Us.” Brian replied at the opposite end of the restaurant.  Shortly behind him, Lisa, who had long since recovered from her gunshot wound.  The Sergeant Major took a seat facing him, and Lisa leaned against the bar.
	“I regret not listening to you earlier.”
	Brian shook his head, “There were always going to be casualties, sir.  Don’t hold it against yourself.”
	“Yet I find myself facing off against the people I wanted to save.  Every day, I send young men and women to their deaths after promising them the chance to live.  What is it all for?”
	“You hardly sound like the soldier I remember.” Brian scoffed.
	“I am weary.  The years haven’t been kind since Charlotte…” He bit his lip, fighting off tears.
	Lisa tilted her head, “The nightmares?”
	“They’re not nightmares, Lisa, they’re memories.  The last I have of her.” He took another puff.
	“It’s only temporary, Colonel.” Brian spoke up, “There are dozens of other states to travel.  We will rise above this.” The Sergeant Major rose to his feet and saluted Travis.
	Travis returned a half salute from his seat, “At ease.” Brian left without another word.  Lisa stayed where she stood.  Though Travis had his eyes closed, he knew she hadn’t left his company. “What do you want?”
	Lisa didn’t waste a moment. “Jack may be a loyal soldier, but he didn’t give you the whole story.”
	“What whole story?  He told me Robert killed my recruits.”
	Lisa chuckled, “Did he say anything about the girl?” Travis leaned forward and sent her an odd look.  He shook his head.  Lisa clenched her teeth realizing his deception. “A teenager saw us sneaking supplies.  Jack said we couldn’t have any witnesses.  He shot her fatally with disregard for his men.  Your recruits are dead because of a retaliation.”
	Travis’ face contorted with aggressive tension. “Why didn’t you bring this to me sooner?”
	“I had a bullet in my thigh and they drugged me with morphine as soon as I got here.  By the time I saw you, Jack was back in Arizona.  It wouldn’t have made a difference.”
	“Then why bring it to me now?”
	Lisa shrugged, “I figured you might want to know how some people act when you’re not looking.  The people of those camp don’t deserve any of this.  They only want to survive.”
	Travis rose to a stand, “You have no idea who Robert is.” He stepped within a few inches of her. “What that man did to me…consequences must be guaranteed.”
	Lisa shook her head. “I joined this movement thinking I was serving a purpose.  I committed myself to saving my country from the undead.  But if this campaign leads to more innocent bloodshed, I can’t be a part of it.” She turned for the door and left.  Travis watched, but didn’t react.  He didn’t know how.  Sure, he knew deceit like the back of his hand.  But someone had yet to betray him since Robert, as they knew what dereliction could cost.  Now he found himself at a crossroad, with no idea where to turn next.
	Travis glanced across the diner to a year calendar plastered on the far wall.  Since their arrival, their date of arrival had been crossed out, and every day since.  He rose to a stand, and looked closer.  Less than two weeks remained until Travis was to return to Arizona.  He was going to check on his men regardless, despite the lopsided conditions of his campaign in the south.  For if chapters in other states started to die off, the entire endeavor would be for nothing.
	The Colonel unclipped his radio. “Blackthorne, do you copy?”
	“Yes, Colonel.” Brian replied after a moment.
	“Prepare your men for a long trip.  We ride for Arizona in twelve days.”
	Brian chuckled over the line, “Are you ready to get your man?”
	Travis stared out the window.  Their recent skirmish led to the deaths of four and a range of injury to more than a dozen others.  This militia was nothing without a strong and dedicated commander.  College kids, stranded civilians, families…war was not their skill, yet here they were.  Doing whatever it took to survive.  Travis let out a deep breath. “We’ll decide once I’ve had a discussion with Jack.”
	Lisa, who stood just outside the door, heard the transmission, and let a grin spread across her face. “So,” she whispered to herself, “there is some human in there after all.”

Day 159
The Best Offense

 	Staring through a thin opening into a potential combat zone for several hours was the tone six of the outpost’s party had adapted to.  Robert lifted his face from the ground.  It was red with the icy temperature surrounding them.  Snowfall had tapered off in the first two weeks, but none of the precipitation on the ground melted slowly with the steadily falling climate.  How cold one was didn’t matter on this particular day, though.  In Robert’s company, Derek, Jacob, Joseph, Ben, and Terrence were all lined up at his side looking through their own rifle scopes.  If they wanted a war, the outpost was ready to give them one.  Strange how less than six months ago, the world was fine. 
	Robert fit a magazine snug into his receiver.  Distant roars of automobile engines could be discerned among nature’s sounds.  Wherever the sound came from there were multiple cars.  No single engine could output that much noise.  Source pointed to the two-lane road that curved downhill into Heber.  Robert closed his eyes, the faces of Jack, Eric, and Travis rushing to his mindset in that split second.  He had the opportunity to end Eric before, but something stopped Robert from pulling the trigger.  It was a hesitation that could have cost him his life.  Dwelling on the past wasn’t a skill Robert had grown used to.  Every day he drew breath was a gift now.  Looking back at what had happened and couldn’t be changed didn’t have purpose.  Just a bunch of memories, same as when he was enlisted. 
	This idea of the outpost started as surviving the undead.  Now, the rules had changed.  By steady surveillance, the surrounding area was devoid of the undead.  Only the living remained with goals of eliminating anything that stood to face them.  How could it have gone so wrong?  Robert predicted humanity would lean on itself to support defeating this plague.  Instead, Travis’ men had assaulted and raped one of theirs, splitting the ranks.  Since Eric’s escape, everyone was on edge about the near future.  If Eric was coming back, he’d come for blood.  And his attacking force would be much stronger than a paltry dozen.
	The first of three trucks peered over the edge of the hilltop exiting Heber.  Rob tilted his head when his corner spotted movement foreign to his troop.  The gas station was covered in snow, some of the precipitation removing charred stains left behind.  Two fuel pumps had been ravaged by the flames entirely, burning into the fuel depot.  Thankfully, the uncontrolled blaze cut itself off with the automatic emergency shut-off when the second pump was ignited.  Atop the pumps, the roof structure didn’t show any 
physical signs of weakness.  Some black marks on the white ceiling, but it wasn’t much worse than that.  White covered the scorch marks left behind on concrete. 
	Robert didn’t swerve his head back on its axis.  Spotting a hidden ghillie from a moving vehicle may not have been an easy task to accomplish, but the risk was too high.  He waited until they had cleared his line of vision before turning back to Jacob. “What would you say about this?” 
	Jacob peeked through his scope.  Three vehicles of multiple makes and models.  All of them were raised trucks or sports utility, but the windows obscured the passengers 
from view.  As a collective, every tire was properly chained for crossing snowbound.  He spotted the lead truck with a separating column molded to the chassis. “I like the way they think,” he critiqued the arrow-shaped attachment that served to slide vehicles out of the way.  Whether it worked well or not didn’t seem to matter as much as the fact they got it to stay on in the first place without tipping the vehicle forward. 
	The next in line, Derek loaded his own gun. “Where’s Eric?” 
	Rob scanned the hostiles through his scope.  Teams of four left the safety of their cars, assured that they parked a good distance from the pumps.  Some of the occupants 
looked back at the haggard remains in awe or shock.  Recognizing different facial features wasn’t an objective or of much import.  The only look Rob could discern through a scope was ‘I’ve been shot’ or ‘I almost got shot.’ 
	His vision strafed along the line of strangers.  Among them, a tall man with a cowboy hat, black aviators, and a cigar being puffed. “He’ll be here soon enough.” Robert’s eye examined what he predicted to be the leader of this pack.  Six feet tall, shaven blonde hair from the look of his five o‘clock shadow, and a sinister smirk on his face.  The man shot a few words at his second.  A faint reminiscence shot across Rob’s eyes, but it faded without any pursuit. 
	Further down the line, Ben watched as two gunmen stepped into the gas station.  Moments later, one sprinted out. “Colonel!” he yelled as soon as he was in visual contact 
with the cowboy.  Robert spotted the man lead another four in, all drawing either revolvers or pistols. 
	Removing his sunglasses the cowboy stepped into shadowed territory.  One of his men’s gaze forced on an object behind the aisle.  Cautiously, he took a step past his man. “Jesus Christ,” he said, taking another drag from his cigar. 
	Another knelt at the side of a corpse on the ground, a knife wound from his midsection up to the base of his sternum. Intestines were spilt from the open wound. 
“They gutted him like a fish.” 
	He removed his cowboy hat. “This was one of Jack’s guys.” 
	The man on his knees examined the skin of the body. “He’s been dead for a while now.” He swatted away several flies circling the foul odor in the air. “Whoever did this…he was a pro.” 
	“How would you say?” The tone almost sardonic.
	“Come on, Travis,” the other spoke as he looked back at Travis. “I’ve never seen a wound this brutal in my life.  The cut is clean from bottom to top.  He must have been teething his blade for something vicious like this.” 
	Travis lifted his eyes, surrounding himself with the silence of an untouched building.  His eyes were drawn to a cracked open maintenance door on the opposite side of the room.  Instincts raised the .44 Magnum in his hand before he carefully stepped toward the door.  A few paces far, he kicked the door open. 
	The snow’s brightness didn’t shed any light of what occupied the next room. “Dex, gimme a torch.” He slid the cigar between his lips as another leaned a flashlight on his shoulder.  Travis clicked the light on, spotting the central air ventilation unit.  Something was afoul, however.  An emergency hatch was off from the side of the unit.  Curious, he dropped to his knees and examined the insides of the air unit. “They came in through here,” he said to himself. 
	Nothing else offered itself his vision but a patch of vegetation.  Travis took a particular interest, “What are you doing in here?” He reached in to remove the object.  Further examination showed fabric intertwined to the base. “Burlap.” His mind flashed to a former life.  A few moments later, Travis left the safety of the building.  He and his unit 
of twelve didn’t realize opposition only half their numbers were a stone’s throw away. 
	Robert clicked the safety lock to off. “You ready for this, Derek?” 
	Derek nodded slowly. “I’ve been ready since God rested.” 
	A scoff ejected from Jacob’s mouth. “I hope that’s not just hearsay.  Chances are we’re going to end up holding them here.” 
	“And if we can’t hold them here?” Terrence asked. 
	Robert replied. “Then we’re finished.” His view peered through the rifle scope again.  For the first time, the faint glimpse of Travis’ features became prominent in his mind.  A shiver ran from the base of Robert’s spine to the back of his neck.  It wasn’t a cold sensation, but a chilling reminder.
	Jacob felt the urge for a cigarette. “Hell of a way to go out, shooting living beings after the world dies.” 
	A sigh from Rob. “I hoped I was done doing that.” He didn’t want to worry the others with such information, however.  There would be time for that later…hopefully.
	Joe slid his bullet into the chamber next, careful not to move too quickly. “Do you think one of us should head back and warn everyone?” 
	“No,” Rob answered. “Even in a flat-out sprint, it’ll still take you five to ten minutes to get there.  By that time, this could all be over.  As soon as we determine immediate hostile intent, take the appropriate action.” 
	Jacob saw the look in Joe’s eyes. “You scared?” He drew a C4 detonator from his satchel. 
	“I’ve never killed someone before,” his grip around the rifle trembled. 
	“Nothing to it,” Jacob lied. “Point and shoot and they go down.  That’s all you need to worry about.” 
	Joe shook his head, “It’s not that simple.” 
	“We made it simple in Iraq.  Someone’s shooting at me, I’m going to shoot back and I don’t miss.  They say it’s a life-changing experience, but the first time I killed someone, I was barely nineteen years old.  Nowadays, I can’t even remember how I changed.” 
	“How old are you, anyway?” Derek asked. 
	Jacob remained silent for several moments… “Twenty seven.” 
	“No way in hell,” Robert scoffed. “You’ve gotta be forty five minimum.” 
	“Close,” Jacob nodded. “Fifty three.” The six man team of snipers hidden by brush, vegetation, snow, and white spray paint fell silent again.  A new sound bore itself into their eardrums.  Jacob turned his head right. “Here we go,” his left hand withdrew slowly under his hat.  Over his left ear, a cigarette was primed.  He fed it between his lips before sparking a lighter.  The heat waves burnt a little bit of hair as well as some trim from his camouflage. 
	Jacob clamped his left hand back on the rifle’s magazine, simply pursing or opening his lips to smoke hands free.  A half meter away, Robert’s trigger finger slowly encased itself around the trigger.  As a unit, the four others assured their guns were ready to fire before steadying their breath.  In this cold at this altitude, breathing was a lot tougher than sea level.  Plus, keeping the fog clouds resultant from exhaling carbon dioxide out of enemy eyes was a prevalent demand to the art of stealth. 
	Two trucks rolled around the flipped chassis of Eric’s escape vehicle before turning into the gas station.  The windows for these vehicles were more clear, enough so 
that Robert could determine Eric’s face before he exited the vehicle.  Robert’s finger twitched slightly, just enough not to ignite the weapons firing pin.  They still had the 
element of surprise, but the numbers were about to triple theirs.  Six versus twenty plus was a winnable fight if surprise was taken advantage of, the offensive was handled 
strategically, and they hit hard and fast.  Right now, the six of them were stacked up right next to each other.  Communication couldn’t be maintained at distance, so there was no real point in separation. 
	Eric uneasily stepped out from the passenger seat of the lead truck.  Seeing him walk around the front of the car, Robert determined a very noticeable limp and two bandages wrapped around his legs.  He was still healing from the gunshots to his legs. It made Robert grin wide.
	Reaching the door, Eric knocked his hand against it. “Travis?” 
	The leader threw his cowboy hat back on.  Moments later, he stepped out of the darkened room. “Eric?” Travis asked, his eyes finally meeting Eric’s. “I was expecting Jack, not you.”
	“You can stop expecting him, Colonel.  Jack’s dead.”
	Travis was taken aback.  He put his back against the wall and had to shake his head, “That’s an unfortunate loss.”
	Eric nodded. “Did Lisa make it?”
	“She’s fine.” Travis replied. “What happened to you?”
	“They shot me to keep me from running.  The last few weeks haven’t exactly been easy.”
	Travis shook his head, “We agree on something there.  What happened?”
	Eric pointed a finger. “The road just up from here.  A couple of miles down is the outpost.  They’ve killed every one of us that has gone through those gates, save Lisa and I.”
	Travis nodded, “And how did it come to that point?”
	Eric let out a deep breath, “Do you want me to sugarcoat it or give you the truth?  I know Jack was one of your most loyal men.”
	“I want the truth.” Greer folded his arms.
	Eric looked away for a moment. “There was a girl.  She saw us loading up their supplies.  Before she could run, Jack stabbed her…and then he put a bullet in her neck.”
	Travis tapped his foot, “So, Lisa wasn’t fooling me.  Jack really did go off the deep end.”
	“He said the lives of the outpost were expendable.  The camp was all that he was thinking of.”
	Travis looked at the ground in disarray. “That wasn’t exactly the news I wanted to hear, but I needed to know.”
	Eric crossed his arms, “What is the next step, sir?”
	Travis tilted his head. “The people in there, you believe they’re innocent?”
	“Only a handful are war vets.  The rest are middle aged, teenagers, or senior citizens who have never felt the need to protect themselves.  Robert told me all they wanted was to survive.”
	Robert tried to understand the words being mouthed, but nothing worked.  If it wasn’t midday and caked in snowfall, he would have tried to get closer.  But the units weren’t moving out, getting in a formation, or anything.  Everything was still quiet.
	Travis reached into his pocket and drew a cigar. “I find myself facing a dilemma.  In one case, there is a man right down the road who betrayed me, cost me my career…and he’s trying to save as many people as he can.  And in Texas there is a war that needs my supervision, else our ember will extinguish.”
	Brian took a step up beside him.  He heard most of the conversation.  But little of it rang a word to his condolences.  Travis was going through some odd midlife crisis, making his attitude more considerate and caring than the Sergeant Major had ever heard in a seven year partnership.  He would get over it.  Once Texas was secure and reinforcements could stockpile, Travis vengeful and arrogant mindset would crawl back from the recesses in which it hid.
	Brian cleared his throat. “Go back to Texas, Travis.  I can handle this.”
	Travis sent him a strange look. “You understand what I want, Brian.”
	“Yes,” Brian said. “I will bring this man to you.  If I don’t, I died with that intention.  And then you’ll have all the reason in the world to come back.” Brian took a few steps away to speak to some of his mercenaries.
	Travis smirked. “Let’s hope it doesn’t come to that, Sergeant Major.” He looked back at Eric. “This is not a bloodbath, Eric.  You are here for Robert and Robert alone.  You are to follow the rules of engagement.  We are not in the business of harming the innocent.”
	“You of all people know, sir, there’s a fine like between innocence and guilt.”
	“I will send reinforcements.  I take it the negotiation way is out of the picture.” Travis assumed by the body count.
	Eric nodded, “They blew Jack to hell the second time he entered the gates.  If they want to talk, it’s not to us.”
	Robert lifted his eye from the scope.  The look on Eric’s face didn’t represent foreboding.  What was said altered the smug grin on Eric’s face, replacing it with 
irritation and remorse. “They’re not going to hit us today.” He spoke silently. 
	Jacob nodded. “I’m getting that impression too.” 
	Derek felt his finger itching. “We’ve got both of them in our sight.  We should take them out and end this now.”
	Robert shook his head. “Hold your fire.” 
	“Why?  Anyone else would kill for a chance like this.” 
	“I’m not anyone else,” Rob answered back. “My goal was to stop killing people, not start a tally.  Think about it.  There’s at least twenty guns here, against six of us.  You do the math, one for every three of theirs, plus two.  Bolt action doesn’t stand a chance against automatic.”
	“Does if I’m firing it,” Jacob said cynically.
	Eric was handed a cigarette by his superior, both of them unaware of the argument occurring only a hundred feet away. “If you’re right, and I don’t make it back I feel you should know some things about their people.”
	Travis nodded, “Gossip is always the best way to know your enemy.”
	“They’ve got a Marine in their ranks named Jacob.  He ain’t no pushover talking shit.  Career war veteran.  Smokes like a chimney, though.” 
	“Sounds like my kind of guy,” Travis joked. “Any other variables?” 
	“Derek.  A loose cannon they thought needed a gun.  He killed Pete.  If it wasn’t for Robert, Derek probably would have killed me.” 
	“Bobby always was the better man.” Travis reflected on past experience. 
	“He’s getting soft, probably his girlfriend.” 
	Travis grinned. “Interesting.  The Sergeant never used to talk about his love life.” His curiosity sparked. “I have to ask now, how did you manage to stay alive?  I mean, you were a negotiator in a past life, but I didn’t think you were really that good.”
	Eric nodded. “I said they’d need me to help coerce a ceasefire.” 
	“Looks like I’m not the only one dumb enough to trust you.” 
	“Them letting us in had nothing to do with trust, if you ask me.  Robert’s a smarter guy than I took him for.  He let us in because he knew we would come back with more guns.” 
	“It must have been fun, putting up with your little stint as a POW.” 
	“Thank God for the Geneva convention.” 
	“Don’t take the lord’s name in vain,” Travis warned. “Just because you traded off religion for science doesn’t exempt you from his eyes.” 
	Eric scoffed. “Wow…everyone’s a Jesus freak nowadays.” 
	“Gotta look somewhere when the future doesn’t matter.  And I’d never condemn my wife or child to an afterlife in hell.” Travis clicked his teeth silently.  A few moments passed silently.  He let cool mountain air rush through his nose. “Damn, it’s some nice weather out here.” 
	“It’s cold as hell.  Six inches of snow the whole drive here.  Driving up the rim with no clear signs of the roadway and snow-stacked cars was hell.” 
	Travis ignored him. “Nice to get away from all the urban chaos going on.” 
	“I thought it’d be pretty easy.” 
	“You don’t know a thing.  It’s the same as Phoenix.  Different bands of survivors trying to either group up or fight, rogue cops, green berets, not to mention the zombies everywhere.  Everything’s gone to shit.  Ain’t much better in Albuquerque or Denver.  Texas is a behemoth on its own.  That’s part of the reason I need to go back.”
	“And you manage to recruit people doing that?” 
	He pointed his cigar toward the bald Samoan among a group of his party discussing matters uncared for. “Blackthorne is an ex-Ranger.  Nasty shit he did back in the day.” he scanned the unkempt survivors of Eric’s men, malnourished and pale from miserable lives. “It’s only because I like you so much, that I’m letting him make the decision to stay here and carry out the objective.  Understand this, though.” The Samoan glanced back as Eric heard the words. “He’s doesn’t listen to you because I don’t listen to you.  That’s the one warning you get.” 
	Eric nodded. “Thank you.” 
	“Don’t thank me, just do your job like I asked of you.  I don’t have room in my ranks for defectors.  Jack was on my shit list, but that matter’s been handled in the worst of ways.” Travis turned on the spot, heading back to the Hummer.  On the way, he diverted his route to meet the tall Samoan. “I’m putting you in charge of Eric’s people, Sergeant Major.” 
	Blackthorne nodded. “Appreciate the promotion.  He’s not going to be a pain in my ass, is he?” His head tilted at Eric.
	“Tell him jump, he’ll ask how high.” Travis smirked. “I know you won’t disappoint, Brian.  Robert’s life is mine, for his sin.  Do not kill him.”
	Brian outstretched a hand, “Good luck in Texas, Colonel.”
	“Same to you, Sergeant Major.”
	Robert scanned as five of Travis’ detail remained behind.  Already, Eric’s crew was loading into their own trucks. “We caught a break.” The Hummer tore past the 504.  On the other side, Eric’s crew of four vehicles started in the other direction back toward the rim. 
	Jacob nodded, lifting his ghillie hat behind his neck and savoring the cold mountain air with the cigarette removed from his lips. “Dodged a bullet.  But they’re coming back regardless.” 
	A growl erupted further down. “We should have just taken them out when we had the chance.” 
	Robert ignored Derek’s ignorant comment. “Let’s get home.  We’ve still got work to do.” 
	“I’ll get the C4,” Jacob replied.  Before their arrival that morning, Jacob had set a block of the plastic explosive beneath the cattle guard on the 504, waiting for the cars to 
drive through.  A contingency plan was always in effect since the Marine’s arrival.  As one, the unit rose from their stance and began the mile trek back to the gates.

Day 211
War

	Silence filled the early morning sky, an ominous rush sliding in the wind.  It’d been almost three months since Eric’s escape.  They’d been predicting an attack at any time.  Defenses were in place, and multiple people were trained to handle a weapon.  Robert stared out over the horizon from his cabin, Nicole leaning against him. “Have you ever wondered what you’d be doing if you weren’t here?” Nikki asked. 
	Robert leaned his head against hers. “If I wasn’t here, the only place I can consider myself being…” he drew a blank. “I can’t even think about being somewhere other than here.”
	“Nowhere in the world to trade off all this chaos?” 
	Robert smiled “I would be dust in the wind if I weren’t here with you.”
	She shrugged, “Well, what about some white beaches, palm trees, margarita in your hand.” 
	Robert grinned, “Sorry, Mexico was a shit hole before this plague struck.  I’m not about to see what it looks like now.” 
	Nicole hit Rob playfully on the arm. “I was talking about Hawaii.” 
	“Never thought of that,” Robert considered. “Well, we got a place to honeymoon if it gets too heavy for us here.” 
	“Don’t make a promise you can’t keep.  You already have enough commitment.” She rubbed her noticeably large belly. 
	“I promise I won’t leave you behind.” 
	Nicole nodded with a solemn look. “And if God takes me?” 
	Robert shook his head, “Don’t ask me that question.”
	She licked her lips, “I’m going to pray.  It’s about that time.” 
	“Don’t be gone too long,” Robert leaned in to kiss her, “I’ll miss you.” 
	Nicole returned a longer kiss to him, “I’ll see you in a half hour.” 
	Seeing her walk down the stairs, down the pathway, and into the crops was unbearable to witness.  He had to go inside to keep his view from her departing form.  Not a minute passed without Rob thinking of her.  The last four months were something else.  Ever since their mock-wedding, the two had become almost inseparable except for the lonely nights Robert forbade an imminent attack.  Tonight wasn’t one of the nights he felt tensed in any way.  Tonight his instincts were off.
	A few yards in, Daniel was spinning a quarter on the desktop hating his new position in the cabins.  From time to time, people would get sick.  And travel from one 
side of camp to the other took some time walking.  The equipment could wait back at the health station, but an informed medical staffer was something everyone came to demand. 
	From the other side of the room, Robert strolled across until he planted in one of the unoccupied cots. “How’s it been, Danny?” 
	His eyes red from the late nights, he lifted his dull gaze. “Same as always…not shit to do but wait.” 
	Robert looked out the window. “Gunny told me the same thing one time,” he recalled his distant memories.  Strange, ever since day one the nightmares stopped coming.  It was usually a weekly occurrence in Caldwell’s psyche, but it hadn’t struck once since the plague was unleashed. “You look wiped out,” he examined from the red eyes and obtrusive bags underneath them. 
	“Noticed that all on your own, did you?” Daniel’s head drooped only enough for him to bounce it back up.” 
	“You should get some rack.” 
	“No,” Daniel insisted, “I’m alright.” 
	“You’re not alright.  Someone got shot right now, you wouldn’t be able to pull the bullet out.  Even if its an hour, take what you can.” 
	Daniel took a deep breath. “It’s gotten a lot rougher,” he admitted. 
	Rob nodded, lifting himself from the bed. “Yeah…ever since Alex died.” The soldier shook his head, remembering something Alex had spoken after Savannah was attacked. “He was more than ready to stick his neck out and defend these people.” Daniel scoffed. “What?” Rob turned. 
	“These people,” Daniel’s face grew into a grin. “I can’t believe you’re still calling everybody that.  Why don’t you call it what it is?” 
	“What is it?” 
	“We’re the Outpost,” Daniel spread his arms. “We’re the good guys.” 
	Robert shook his head, “You’re getting loopy, I can see it.” 
	“Bobby, listen--” 
	“No arguments, Danny.  Not tonight.” 
	The surgeon lifted himself from the chair.  As he passed Robert, he mocked a military response, “Roger that, moving out.” Robert smirked at Daniel’s way.  Slowly, the 
former stepped outside.
	Had it been a half hour yet?  The days never went by fast when someone wanted them to.  Thinking dwelled on the future for a man of such merit.  He’d survived a life in war, now he was making a family.  Going out and serving his country may have been a noble thing to do, but he didn’t feel more content in his life than when he knew he’d be a father.  Nicole’s face flashed in his eyes when he blinked.  She was everywhere and everything he found most important.  His niche in the world had been filled. 
	At that moment, Jacob keyed in on the radio.  The smile faded from Robert’s face as quickly as it had appeared. “This is Jacob, multiple vehicles closing in fast,” 
	In the brief moment of realizing an attack, the location of Nicole slipped his mind.  She was carrying a radio, so she’d have heard the report.  Robert lifted his own. “How many we talking?” 
	“Six.” 
	“Roger that,” Robert walked into his dorm, sliding the M110 rifle from its case and loading a fresh clip into the feed.  Slide, lock, eyes thinned, breath steadied. “Time to go to war,” Robert jogged out of the cabin, starting down the stairs. “All combat personnel, ready your weapons.  This is not a drill.”
	Zack lifted himself out of bed, hearing the transmission.  At his side, Savannah laid still.  Without hesitation he shook her awake. “Savannah, it’s happening.” ‘It’s happening’ stirred her eyes wide open.  He lifted them both to their feet. “Stay here, I’ll be right back.” Savannah nodded, trying not to think about if Zack wouldn’t return.  He jogged out of the cabin, heading down the stairs.  Carl was fitting the first bullet into his rifle as he followed. 
	Chris and Joe were on their way in the Sierra work truck, gunning it out of the Cedar Ridge parking lot. “This is Chris, we’re en route to the cabins.” 
	“Roger that,” Rob replied, waiting in the program building below, Zack and Carl at his side.  He glanced down the line. “You guys ready for this?” Both nodded without a word.  Robert instinctively reached his walkie again. “Terry, Ben, you guys set up?” He turned his head back to the roofs of both buildings directly behind. 
	“Yeah,” Terrence replied, stepping onto the roof of Arizona cabin.  Several meters away, Ben’s head appeared over the roof of Texas. 
	“Incoming fast,” Jacob replied, spotting six vehicles of multiple brands shooting down the roadway.  Eric determined Jacob’s location on the maintenance shed 
and shooters were firing in his direction before he had the opportunity to shoot.  Feeling the heat of two rounds sizzle over his head, Jacob retreated.  He jumped from the edge.  Anchored to a ventilation unit, a rope reached to the ground fifteen feet below.  He graciously hit ground level in an instant. 
	Short visual of the first vehicle was obtained.  Through the scope, he discerned the front tire of the first truck through thick brush.  A heavy duty Ford crew cab was going to smash through the gate head on.  Jacob sent a bullet, impacting the wheel fifty yards away.  His efforts were seen through the scope.  Any substantial loss wasn’t visible since the vehicle cut off from his sight. “This is Jacob, I’m pulling back to the dining hall.  They’re about to breach the gate.” Jacob sprinted out of the yard. 
	Nicole rose her head from prayer hearing the gunshots outside the walls.  The young woman clambered to the glass panels. “Oh, no,” she said silently.  First instinct would have been to run to the cabins.  But the distance compared to the length of an attack wasn’t one to cross without risking her safety.  She looked around in the pitch black, a single candle lit on the floor by her seat.  Blowing it out, Nicole quickly stepped into a room and locked it from the inside.  From there, she hunkered down in a corner and waited for it to be over.  She began to whisper to her savior for help from these demons striking their home.
	Derek looked through his scope, laying prone atop the climbing tower.  He didn’t have direct sight on the front gate, but he was holding the detonator. “Tell me when they 
cross the plane, Jake.” 
	Jacob rushed in front of the chapel, keeping his eyes on the point of entry.  A loud clatter burst.  Moments later, the truck, flat tire and all broke through the gates. “Do it!” 
Jacob yelled just before gunshots rang out.  He ducked behind a pillar only moments before a tremor shook the earth. 
	One stick of C4 detonated had been reshaped into a line across the roadway.  The car traversing above erupted into flames as the explosive gas expanded.  Through the 
dust cloud, the chassis was severed in two.  Jacob threw his rifle around the corner of the building, delivering a precise shot at the driver of a white Chevrolet crew cab 
next in line.  Suffering the wound, the driver’s foot depressed the gas pedal. 
	Jacob’s moment of solemnity was corrupted by disdain.  The Marine turned on the spot, dashing away as the vehicle rolled forward through the chapel walkway.  It’s runaway course would crash it into the side of the building.  Without any time to pull the door open, Jacob thrust himself shoulder-first through the double-paned glass.  Fragments shattering all around, now the darkness of indoors served to consume him.  Shortly behind, he heard and felt the truck ram into the chapel.  It stopped short of the podium, no movement inside though the engine was still running. 
	His fight was with three men now, he spotted all of them departing the stopped car.  Their eyes turned toward the opaque glass and the building interior.  Jacob drew his 
revolver.  Back pressed against the music booth, breathing slowed dramatically to avoid detection.  A silent click, while flashlights corrupted his vision.  He heard the other 
four vehicles pushing forward behind, but there was nothing more he could do about them.  Jacob lowered his stance to a crouch, clicking his two-way off before assimilating himself into the darkness. 
	A short walk down the roadway, Derek was launching bullets at the newly appointed leader of the group.  A black SUV with pitch black windows that even his bullets didn’t seem to penetrate.  Four shots to the driver’s seat already and not even a minor opening was visible on the glass.  Responsive shooting riddled the climbing wall with holes.  Sensing his last chance to make a difference, Derek lowered the crosshairs substantially before firing a shot to finish off the clip. 
	His bullet punched through the hood and pierced the engine block, stopping the vehicle less than thirty feet from his nest.  The four occupants left the safety of their vehicles.  With haste they aimed down the sights and returned fire within inches of the sniper.  A shot tore through wood, puncturing Derek’s left shoulder.  He growled as he looked over the edge to determine the last three enemy transports pushing toward the cabins at full speed. 
	Robert, Zack, Mitch, and Carl all dropped their heads at the first shot that ripped into one of the windows. “Stay down!” Rob yelled. “Wait until they’re closer!” 
	Chris and Joe were stationed on top of the program building, carrying rifles of their own.  Before they were even in effective range for the small caliber to make substantial shots, Chris fired a bullet down range.  Multiple tracers ripped past them, impacting the walls of Arizona and Texas cabin.  Hearing the perforation all around, the 
plus dozen noncombatants dropped their heads accordingly. 
	Ben and Justin were in the adjacent cabin.  They could hear the shots rattle off in the distance.  The elder lifted a set of blinds for them to see.  Justin sighed, thinking 
about what was about to happen. “Are you scared?” he asked to Ben. 
	The other shook his head. “All my life, I’ve been wondering what I could do to cement my achievements.  I thought I’d die without a name.  But if my journey ends here, they’ll remember me.  They’ll remember us.  What we stood for.” He locked a round into the barrel. “You ready.” Justin nodded without a word.  The things Ben said made him think, put him on a level head.  In another sixty seconds, the battle would be in their hands. 
	The next cabin over, Terrence and Miguel were just about having the same conversation.  Miguel laid on one of the beds, fully aware that only a thin layer of wood was between him and the gunshots echoing on the other side of camp.  Terrence was peeking out through the corner. “You look worried,” Terry asked, surveying the shorter Hispanic boy. 
	Miguel nodded. “Damn right.  I’m scared of dying.” 
	“Death is a natural part of life,” Terrence replied. “It’s sad, and it sucks when someone close pays for it.  Sucks when the world dies.  But I never thought about it.  I don’t plan on dying.  I just think about what I’m going to be eating for breakfast tomorrow.” 
	Miguel tossed a fake grin. “Warriors breakfast.  Just like the Marines, huh?” 
	Terrence tilted his head, “Couldn’t tell you, I picked on Marines across the bay.  Growing up with Vietnam, had to be smart enough to stay on a boat.” He glanced out at the trucks turning the bend. “It’s been a while since I shot at somebody…hope I’m not rusty.” 
	Derek dropped from the climbing tower, sprinting to the detonator placed at the amphitheatre.  Jerking his head to focus on the cars’ distance, a familiar license plate 
flashed through his memory.  Same model, same color.  But it couldn’t be.  His concentration was cut by the sound of several more shots directly behind.  Derek fell behind a shrub.  Immediate to respond he lifted his pistol and fired numerous shots back in the direction of muzzle flashes.  The gunfire subsided a moment later, but he was sure they were only repositioning. 
	Derek jumped to his feet, splitting through more projectiles kicking up soft dirt beneath his feet.  Running into the woods helped him weave through the bullets tearing all around the trees.  Finally, he ducked into the amphitheatre.  Gunshots ripped into the side of the building, but Derek stayed inside only long enough to grab what he needed. 
	Objective completed, Derek spoke to himself as he dashed out of the building and disappeared into the trees.  Now to time it right.  Several yards away, the three surviving automobiles were crossing through the corn crops, seeing a potential IED on the bend.  The elk on the side of the road was used to be a sleight of hand.  Instead, rolls of fishing line were spooled and bolted down throughout the crops.  A red Ford was rendered inert by the fibrous contaminant spooling around in the axles. 
	Derek lifted himself over the hilltop, seeing the vehicles pushing through that line slowly.  He depressed his thumb on the detonator, assured that damage would be 
done to one of three threats.  In two different blasts parallel, both the Excursion and its remaining company a beige van heard the deafening explosions of C4 behind them.  However the Ford was stopped right on top of the last charge.  The truck’s frame flipped forward with the front tires still trapped in the trip line. 
	Back at the chapel, Jacob had taken cover in the several aisles of chairs set up.  He’d dropped prone, letting them try feebly to search for him.  The last three minutes, 
flashlights had illuminated every row, although Jacob was consumed by shadow.  He lifted himself to a stand directly behind one of the intruders.  A knife drew in Jacob’s right hand slowly, assured the sheath wouldn’t scrape against upon release. 
	In a lightning quick gesture, he plunged the dagger through the back of his opponent’s neck, severing the spinal cord from the brain.  Jacob’s free hand clamped over 
the hostile’s mouth as the incision was made.  Not a sound as Jacob fell back into darkness.  It took a moment for either of the two remaining gunmen to notice their comrade’s absence.  By the time they found it, Jacob had positioned himself several feet away. 
	“Damn,” one of the shooters said, passing one aisle down from him.  Jacob scanned under the chairs for the other’s movement.  When the first made contact with the fallen body, Jacob lifted his eyes just enough to see the other variable by the drum kit on the podium.  He rose to his feet, the .357 in both hands.  One shot to the variable, thirty degree rotation and another shot to his final threat.  Glass panes vibrated with the brute compression forced outward by the heavy caliber’s fire.  Both of his foes dropped without a second glance.  The close range to target and the massive slug caused shock most if not every time. 
	Not wasting a moment to stare at the damage he’d done, Jacob clicked the radio back on. “This is Jacob, I’m pulling back.” 
	“Copy that, Jake,” Nicole heard the voice of Robert over a two-way disperse from the area.  Hearing the gunshots, she was too petrified to stand.  A few moments after Jacob vacated the chapel, Nicole hadn’t moved.  She continued to tremble silently on the floor.
	The driver door to the crashed truck slowly creaked open.  One hand, a very large frame with a tribal tattoo running its entire length drooped from the door.  Blackthorne lifted himself from the driver’s seat.  His left shoulder sizzled with pain, but the worst of it was over.  After the crash, he was knocked unconscious by the force of the airbags deploying.  But he was far from out of the fight. 
	Brian drew his pistol, a Magnum 500 with chrome finish and a few blood spatters down the length of the barrel.  Through the door, he examined the insides of the building.  Vision took time to adapt at night.  After taking a bullet and crashing into a wall, he was lucky he could see at all.  The trail of a flashlight compensated for his lack of night vision.
	Now that he was in, his objective needed to be met.  To collect and escape with Robert.  But that wasn’t the only way he could leave a mark.  Travis didn’t need to know some of the darker decisions made in the heat of battle.  Clearing the complex room by room was a good way to pick up a straggler.  The first two rooms he checked were completely empty, but the third’s door had been locked from the inside.  With a grin, the former black-ops veteran pressed his pistol straight at the lock.  He pulled the trigger.  The massive slug destroyed the doorknob and the petty lock inside.
	The young woman screamed when the loud gunshot went off.  As the door creaked open, she curled into a ball.  Through the passage the black silhouette of a massive person brought her skin to rise and heart to race.  A bright light flashed upon her face, blinding her.  Blackthorne approached, averting the light enough so she could see the revolver in his hands.  Her face streamed with tears while Blackthorne looked her up and down. ‘Beautiful girl,’ he thought silently.  Her stomach was well-rounded. “Get up,” he waved her to her feet with the barrel of his gun.  Nicole didn’t move, quivering and trembling with petrified horror. “Get up!” Blackthorne screamed, firing a bullet through the window.
	 The gunshot made her heart skip a beat.  She was still breathing  , broken by the stress.  She slowly rose to her feet, convinced that nothing could stop this man from killing her now.  Nicole’s body shook violently while her eyes looked down the barrel of the weapon.  Arms raised above her head, “Please,” Nicole said with sobs in her voice. “please don’t.” 
	Blackthorne lowered the pistol. “You’re more useful to me alive.” He tilted his head to the door, his signal for her to start walking.  Nikki lowered her head, gulping before she took the first step toward the door.  The Samoan kept a careful eye on her.  Moon shined through the window, but as soon as they stepped back into the hallway it was totally dark. 
	Nicole drew the Ka-Bar knife Robert had given her to protect herself.  A second guess didn’t waste itself upon her.  This was the moment, she had to act now.  Unfortunately, half way through her maneuver, Nicole was brutally restrained.  Blackthorne removed the knife from her grip while pinning her against the wall.  He looked her up and down.  With a smile, he examined the knife. “Wouldn’t think I’d see a cutie like you running around with this.” 
	One of his forearms squeezed Nicole’s neck. “It’s a dangerous world out there,” she replied hoarsely.
	Blackthorne leaned in. “Always has been.”
	“Girl’s gotta watch her back.” Nicole thrust her knee in an attempt to break free of his grasp.  He took the full brunt of her attack without a flinch. “Never know what kind of people are out there.”
	“You may have the pretty face.  But I am a creature of habit.  And I satisfy my addiction, regardless of who stands in my way.”
	Nicole closed her eyes. “I’m not afraid of you.”
	Brian tilted his head parallel to hers. “You should be.  I’m not here to leave you with a scar.  Robert is my goal.  Give him to me.”
	“No.” She opened her eyes again to stare into his eyes with unmatched composure.
	Brian chuckled. “Being in the house of God doesn’t make you immortal.”
	“His eyes aren’t just on me.”
	The soldier thought it over for a few moments.  She truly was innocent.  Innocent, yet defiant.  Hardly afraid of his stature, confident in something.  The knife she carried wasn’t any normal civilian model.  This girl wouldn’t randomly run across something like this. “I lost faith long ago.  Eternity has always been at the front of my mind.” Brian let a deep breath out. “It can’t be any worse than this…decadent mess.  But I can see in your eyes.  I’m not the only one looking forward to the afterlife.  You want to feel that fire.  Don’t you?” Nicole didn’t respond.  He tightened his grasp over her neck, “Answer me…Nicole.” Hearing her name come from the stranger, Nicole’s heart shrank. He grinned wide, “Eric was right.  You are beautiful.” He leaned in, and forced his mouth over her lips.  Nicole tried to push him away, but all it earned her was a kick to the shins. He savored her taste, licking his lips after parting from her. “Delicious.” 
	“Go to hell,” Nicole said.  Blackthorne clubbed the pistol against her head, knocking the woman unconscious in a flash. 
	Robert ducked as projectiles tore through the walls like butter.  They weren’t prepared for this.  Not even close.  The other two trucks had reached the edge of the roadway.  Occupants departed from the vehicles to tear gunfire into the walls of the cabins. “Copy that, Jake,” Robert yelled over the fire, “we’re taking heavy fire from six plus at the edge of the crops.” 
	Zack and Carl alternated gunfire, firing single shots and covering to load the next round into their respective bolt action rifles.  Their fire was inaccurate and the fear bled through since neither of them had ever been in a combat situation before.  Eight insurgents were using the depression below the far side of the road as cover.  Mitch’s fire was more accurate, but the most he could do was hit limbs.  Minimal caliber didn’t leave room for extremity hits. 
	Upstairs the team of Chris and Joe were firing in a similar fashion.  So far they had removed a single hostile from their enemy’s ranks.  Joe lifted his scope, spotting the face of Eric among their men.  His hesitation before pulling the trigger only strafed his enemy on the left arm. 
	Eric ducked behind the SUV.  The two cars were parked adjacent to the roadway, allowing them decent cover.  His arm stung from the scrape along his skin.  It was bleeding minimally, more burnt than anything else. “They were prepared for us.  We’re not getting Rob, so we need something of strategic value.” He peeked over his cover.  By now the sting to his arm was all but gone.  Eric set his eyes on the nearest structure, where he knew a map of the region was set up. “We’re going to have to push them back.” The three loaded fresh banana clips into their own arms.  From the back seat of the Excursion, Eric threw the strap of a pump-action shotgun over his neck. 
	The nearest mercenary patted his shoulder. “Let’s do this!” 
	Eric looked around the corner, spawning another gunshot. “Move!” he screamed, leading the charge into the building.
	Robert saw their approach and instinctively withdrew to the other side of the room. “Cover!” Rob screamed to the others.  Zack and Mitch had nowhere to go 
but out the back door.  Carl failed to hear the words with his weapon firing.  He jumped out of cover to aim perfectly, taking out a soldier directly behind Eric.
	Eric launched a shot in return, grazing Carl on the left arm.  Carl tried to keep the gun level in one arm, but realized it was too much of a burden.  Carl dropped the gun, drew his pistol, and fired one handed shots through the glass.  Eric absorbed a bullet, this one clipping him on the waist.  He burst open the door, adrenaline coursing through his blood.  Robert tossed his pistol around the corner, ejecting twelve rounds out the opening with no hesitation.  Carl finished off his clip before taking cover behind the separator column in the middle of the program room.  Both had to change out empty clips in the same few seconds without backup.
	Eric took advantage of the silence.  All doubt swallowed, the attacker threw himself into the building.  In his arms, the pistol had been exchanged for a deadly weapon, one which dominated in close quarters.  Carl was caught off guard.  His jump from cover to send another shot resulted in him taking a blow to the chest.  He fell back on the floor, the weapon left unfired in his hand.  Eric turned to the center of the room. 
	A few feet away Robert threw his Ruger sidearm around the corner and continued to fire, although Eric returned shots in his direction with a second gunman’s support.  They were only in for a second, ripping a map of the complex from the wall.  With that, Eric led his party of two back to the door.  Robert finished loading another clip.  The second gunman heard the pistol clicking and depleted shots into the corridor.  A shot punched through the wall, sending a blast of shrapnel into Rob’s back and shoving him to the ground.  The bullet slowed enough that it didn’t come out the other side.  Momentum carried an equivalent amount of force that left a fat welt and a hornet’s sting.
	A split second later, a different caliber gunshot rang out as Carl rose to engage the distracted sentry.  His opponent fell to the ground, but shortly after Carl dropped.  Outside, Mitch and Zack had repositioned and started firing from the north corner.  Eric sprinted back across, ducking under the far side of the roadway with ease. 
	The leader finished folding up the newly acquired map. “Let’s get out of here.” 
	Back inside the program room, Robert peeked his head out of the corner.  The single remaining hostile was facedown on the floor in front of him.  He cautiously rose 
to his feet while fleeting car engines rubbed across his hearing.  A few feet across, in the center of the room Carl laid silently.  Rob holstered his pistol. “Carl,” he dropped beside his felled co-worker. 
	Carl grinned. “Told you I’d take at least one of them out,” With a cough he exerted three spurts of blood on Rob‘s shirt. “How bad am I?” 
	“Not bad,” Robert lied instantly.  Tears were welling in his eyes, the rage swelling in his blood.  A shotgun to the chest couldn’t be survived.  Carl had seconds left.  His eyes started to flutter. “You’re not going to die on me, right?” 
	“You tell me, Bobby.  How does it feel to die?” Carl’s eyes were serious.  Robert heard the resounding engines passing the far hill.  They needed to be pursued, yet a friend needed comfort in his last moments. 
	Robert grinned. “It feels like heaven.” 
	Carl chuckled, “I’ll check it out for a while.” He bit his lip, “Tell Heather I’m sorry…” his eyes shut.
	“Rest in peace.” Robert looked with dead eyes at the lifeless body in his grip.  This wasn’t over.  Eric caused this.  Fury ignited in Rob’s veins as he rose to his feet.  His hands were stained with the blood of a fallen comrade…All bets were off. 
	Rob sprinted out the back of the program building.  A dirt bike was prepared with a loaded pistol on the side.  He threw himself onto the seat, brought it to life, and tore down the road.  Derek pulled back to Cedar Ridge and commandeered a bike of his own.  The convoy of two cars since reached the gate.  Rob gunned it out of the gate thirty seconds behind, Derek four seconds on his tail. 
	Reaching the highway a short stretch later, Derek pulled up alongside Rob.  The two shot each other a confirmed glance.  It was time to go to work.  Switching lights off, they pursued the distant taillights a quarter mile away.  Robert waited until they were within five feet.  As one, they ignited the beams to full.  The driver was momentarily caught off guard.  Rob and Derek drew weapons, subsequently releasing shots across the small gap.  Rob took two shots to blow out the rear tire.  Derek was somewhat harder to fire accurately while driving a bike.  However, before half his clip was empty, the rear right tire was also flat.
	At a rapid pace, the van’s speed dropped to an idle.  Rob and Derek braked in unison, coming to a stop seconds before the van.   Both dismounted the bikes, Robert eyes aimed down the sights.  Sounds proved occupants were leaving the van from the sliding door opposite them.  Derek loaded a new clip into his gun.  He expected to shoot the first thing he saw peek around that corner…only what he saw shortened his breath. 
	Wrapped tightly in the grip of Blackthorne with a revolver pressed to her side, Nicole’s eyes were horrified.  Seeing the worrisome look Rob developed instantaneously brought a smile to Brian’s face.  Derek kept his aim steadied, but the van was obscuring any lethal shots at the hostage-taker.  The eyes of Robert shifted to Blackthorne.  All he could see was evil. 
	“The famous Robert Caldwell.” Blackthorne laughed. 
	Taking a chance, Robert dropped his pistol. “It doesn’t have to end like this, Brian.” 
	Blackthorne chuckled, “I assumed you’d be the one to tell me that.  Tell your partner to drop his weapon.” Robert nodded at Derek, who was slow to toss his gun on the ground.  Flashing through his mind, the reserve pistol stashed on his person was holstered behind in his jeans. 
	Robert was afraid beyond all matter.  It shouldn’t have been like this. “Okay.  Our guns are down…let her go.” 
	Around the van, Blackthorne peeked to see Derek was unarmed as well.  He grinned. “What a crossroads we find ourselves in.” He pulled the hammer of the revolver back.  His eyes kept a focused gaze on Robert while his lips spoke softly into Nicole’s ear, “Now we see how much he loves you.” 
	Nicole’s eyes welled with tears.  The cold metal pressed into the back of her waist, trembling every inch of her body.  Breath couldn’t be stabilized, she thought she’d faint. “Nikki,” Robert called from ten feet away. “Just breathe.” 
	It took some time for her to concentrate herself and slow her breathing.  Her heart didn’t stop pumping out of control with the steadied lungs however.  In her fearful shaking, she managed a nod. “Okay,” she whispered to herself with closed eyes. 
	Robert focused back on Blackthorne. “Look, you win.  One of our people is dead because of your actions.”
	With a chuckled, “If we only killed one of yours, that’s a failure to me.” 
	“Please,” Rob wiped a tear from his eye. “don’t hurt her.”  Out of his view, Derek slowly slid his hand around to his own reserve pistol.
	Brian’s eyes were locked on Robert as he spoke to Nicole. “Do you feel the fear?”
	Nicole looked at Robert, speaking softly enough that he wouldn’t hear. “What is there to fear in the light of salvation?”
	Brian chuckled silently. “If I told you that denying your savior here and now would spare you…would you?”
	Nicole clenched her eyes shut. “No.”
	Blackthorne shook his head before turning his attention to Robert once again. “Travis told me to make this hurt for you, Bobby.” He brushed his cheek along Nicole’s soft hair.  His eyes thinned. “Good luck.” 
	With that, Blackthorne released Nicole from his grip.  As quickly as Robert reached for his own pistol, it didn’t match the speed that Blackthorne took to raise his own.  Only the aim wasn’t focused on the surrendered soldier.  Instead, he turned the revolver to Nicole and pulled the trigger.  A single bullet entered her lower back, the hollow point ripping into blood, tissue, and organs alike, the damage devastating any hope of her child’s birth. 
	Robert heard the earth-shattering gunshot that would change everything forever. “No!” he screamed.  In an eye-blink, he drawn his reserve Beretta and released every bullet at Blackthorne.  The Samoan took every shot to the chest or gut, falling back dead on the roadway.  Even after the gun was emptied, Robert continued to pull the trigger.  His fury couldn’t be quenched with any number of bullets, the sound of her scream couldn’t be muffled by the shots.  From the dead body of Blackthorne, his eyes shifted down to Nicole, facedown on the floor. 
	“Nikki!” Tears ran down his eyes like rivers.  He rolled her carefully onto her back so she’d face him.  Her breathing was erratic and her eyes were clenched shut to better cope with the pain.  She averted them from Rob’s gaze.  Nicole felt herself the premise of her own injury.  And the injury was much more substantial than either realized. 
	Slowly, lips quivering, she laid her eyes on Robert. “I’m sorry, Bobby.” 
	“No,” Robert shook his head, cradling her body in his arms.  From a few feet away, Derek cringed silently.  Both hands were ripping hairs out of his head. “There was nothing you could do.  I should be sorry.”
	Nicole let a weak smile show. “This wasn’t your fault,” she took a deep breath, since speaking was incoherent with the pauses between words.  The pain flourished from the point of entry to the insides it shredded.  Her character wasn’t tortured by the physical pain.  But the instant realization when that soul inside of her was ended.  She pressed her face into Rob’s shoulder, having felt the bullet make contact with the fetus inside.
	“What’s wrong?” Rob tried to be strong. “You’re going to be fine.” 
	Nicole made eye contact with him. “No, I’m not.” She tried but failed to wipe the water from her cheeks.  Her limbs were getting colder.  Robert could feel her heartbeat slowing with every shaky breath she took.  Hearing her contradict him, Robert clenched his teeth.  He wiped the stain from her cheek, unable to keep his own from spilling. 
	“Don’t say that.” He let himself swallow some pain, however the event couldn’t be ingested by his process. “I told you I wouldn’t let any harm come to you.” 
	Her gaze turned away from him. “They killed our baby, Robert.” It was something Robert had come to expect.  But the thought of losing Nicole was too much to bear. 
	Rob embraced her tighter, “I promise you, this won’t go unanswered.” 
	Nicole nodded. “You can say that…but I know you better.” Her eyes closed and her head started to fall back. 
	“Stay with me,” Robert shook her in his arms, reopening her stare into his. 
	She sniffled. “I can’t fight this anymore, Bobby,” A tear ran down her face, “he’s called me home.” 
	“You are home!” Robert screamed, “You’re home with me!” He slid a few strands of hair from her eyes. “Don’t give up on me now.  I’m sorry I turned you away for so long.  You can’t give up, you’re the only thing keeping me alive.” 
	“You will find a way.  When I’m gone, you’ll find a way to cope.”
	Robert shook his head, “But I don’t want to.  Not without you.”
	She managed to lift one of her arms, feeling the stubbles of Rob’s facial hair. “I’m not giving up, Bobby…this is the cruelty of destiny.  Not everyone was born to survive.  I will always be with you, in life and death.” Her gaze fell to his lips, one of her fingers ran down from his nose. “Kiss me,” she requested. 
	Robert nodded, pressing his lips against hers.  He took every second of their final kiss, savoring every flavor.  Trying to reserve her touch, her face, her warmth wasn’t possible.  Her final breath expelled from her nose with lips locked to Robert’s.  The soul relieved of her mortal body and a limp head fell back. “Nikki?” he asked, raising her to face him.  Her eyes shut, her heart stopped beating in unison with his.  No answer drew from her lips. 
	Still holding her body in his arms, Robert clenched her tightly and his sobs grew louder.  Derek exchanged the pain of death with the anger of vengeance to cover it up.  She had been just as much an impulse to Derek’s life as Robert’s.  And in the blink of an eye, her character would no longer be among their few people.  First Alex, then Carl…now Nicole.  As the night passed on, Rob didn’t move.  His strength wrapped around Nicole’s cooling skin, her face never swaying from his view. “I’m so sorry, Nikki.”
	Derek stared at his own pistol, a split second too late to fire his weapon before Nicole staggered to the ground  Everything happened so suddenly that even with his gun he was useless.  The tragedy of loss remained concealed in his fury.  But something was bleeding out in the wake of his angry façade.  Something sinister, a demon he had locked away.  All it needed was another kick to break down the wall.  Since Travis’ faction separated their numbers, all had been living in fear that the future would leave unanswered claims in the wake of a devil’s grip.  Now that his actions had killed innocence, hell would pay back the debts. 

Day 211 Part II
Fallen Angel

 	Reality felt surreal after everything happened.  They’d successfully fought off their attackers for the second time in the face of doubled adversity.  However it was proven to all that nobody was bulletproof.  Hours after the attack took place, a pair had ventured out to find Robert and Derek.  Crossing the scene, both Brooke and Mitch were awe-stricken by illumination shed on a nightmare come true.  Still on the road, rocking back and forth with a corpse in his arms, Robert raised his vision to the pair of headlights as they stopped only a few feet away. 
	Brooke dropped to her knees from the shocking sight.  Mitch spotted her fall and reacted quickly.  She clutched his shirt with both fists, sobbing against Mitch’s shoulder.  Mitch’s eyes crossed the plane, meeting Robert’s.  No words could describe the emptiness of his stare.  Robert was a broken soul, unable to separate from the woman he loved.  No angel shined light on their situation.  Fate is too kind to steal the world of a single decent soul and leave only wrongdoers. 
	They say time heals scars, but any expression was hollow to Rob’s ears.  Time dwelt when the skin was broken by laws of relativity.  And even when their separation would spread, the scar would remain permanently etched in his hands like the blood staining them now.  Nothing could quell the anger Robert felt, only dampened by the misery of losing the one person he now knew he loved the most.  Now he felt the pain of Jacob, forcibly removed from the closest thing to his heart.  Robert couldn’t stop blaming himself for the failure he couldn’t have averted.  Even less, he couldn’t stand to convince himself she wasn’t coming back. 
	Dawn drew in the horizon, only adding sunlight to a spot of earth blackened by pure evil.  Mitch and Derek had to collect their heads and separate Robert from his lost love.  The parting was difficult as Robert fought to hold her.  He didn’t want her body to get any colder than it already was.  The color had started to fade from her skin and he was just as pale.  A few meters away Brooke stared into the distance of a red sky.  Being the one responsible for Nicole’s position at the camp the camp captain couldn’t help but blame herself just as Robert.  All felt more or less that their actions had resulted in the loss of two of their closest family.  Finally Robert was coerced into the truck, but still clutched Nicole’s dead body as the forest sped behind them. 
	Derek took to the climbing tower.  As the day passed on in silence, he silently cried alone.  Where Robert was a brother to him, Nicole was a metaphorical sibling as well.  The ‘sister’ he never had.  When Rob died and somehow managed to resurface after a long stretch of time, Derek gave her a shoulder for her to cry on.  A lot of good memories Nicole and Derek spent for years at the camp.  But no more would be filled with the beauty of her face.  Already her portrait was fading from his mind.  He couldn’t think of her in the past tense when she was there but a few hours ago.  Nobody came to comfort him, just as they left Robert to grieve. 
	Chris asked everyone to meet at the dining hall sometime that afternoon.  It left every person enough time to go the first leg to recovery.  The loss of human life was tragic.  Friends, co-workers…wives and children hit the hardest.  Barely seven months past the release of the virus, more and more people were getting emptier.  Chris was alone at the dining hall for the longest time.  He silently and in good measure let the sorrow pass while staring out at the camp he called home for more than twenty years. 
	Audrey stepped into the hall. “Daddy.”
	Chris spun in his chair, seeing his young daughter with a face as red as a rose.  Immediately, he rose to his feet and strode across the hall.  As soon as he gripped his hands around her, she collapsed.  The full weight of two close friends bore down on her heavily, a fact that Chris had come to know years earlier. “It’ll be alright.  We’ll get through this.” He squeezed her close, aware that nobody was bulletproof.  Those graves could have just as easily been fated to him or his daughter.  Thinking of losing her made him sob harder than accepting the deaths of two others.
	The only one it seemed who wasn’t affected severely was the Marine.  He’d been around death for what may have easily seemed like hundreds of years.  Separation emotionally became an instinct rather than a skill to him.  Robert would take a lot of time to build himself back up.  His breaking point had been reached.  Either Rob would learn to live with Nicole in his past or he wouldn’t live at all.  Nobody could blame him if he gave up.  The Major took the last drag from a cigarette as the sun was rolling past four o’clock.  With a deep exhale, he looked out from the front gate.  Life ceased to exist beyond these gates and only death remained in its absence.  And sadly enough, the strange, cold fluid of mortality leaked in through the cracks left behind by evil men. 
	Over fifteen minutes of combat that seemed to go like days, the subsequent ten hours shot by in hypothetical seconds.  Robert returned to the dining hall as the day was 
passing into six o’clock.  The rejection phase of his depression had hit hardest.  His eyes were blind, his walk aimless.  As the meeting took place around him, he simply stared at the floor.  Derek watched a few seats away, seeing the tears sliding from his younger cousin’s eyes.  An unbearable sight that Derek had to put up with for the duration of the meeting.  The current matters needed his direct attention, since Rob was out of the game.  Robert could very well have been in a stress-induced coma. 
	Jacob lifted himself from the chair. “Everyone needs to understand this now.  We’re at war.  These people have stomped into our territory without premise and attacked our society.  I don’t think I need to mention this to anybody but I want it to be clear.  An unborn soul died this morning.  That is a crime I cannot bear to let go unheard.  And I doubt any of you would be able to accept such circumstance go without repercussion.” Silence filled the auditorium.  Derek didn’t see how the Marine had earned his stature until now.  Major Jake Warren was a natural-born-killer and a leader by example.  Now he proved it to one and all. “As much as we think we won today,” Jacob continued, “we were wrong.  I know they’ll be coming back with more people.  Their intent is to kill us all.” Some murmurs spawned around the table of a dozen or so people. 
	Derek followed, “During the attack, Eric entered the program room and removed a map of our complex.  I have reason to believe he’ll entrust these maps to his commanding officer Travis.  This attack was guerilla.  They lost more than half of their guys just getting to the cabins and they didn’t even try to shoot back at us when they ran away.” He choked as he removed the last words.  That was a foolish thing to say, with respect to the event that destroyed Robert’s love. 
	Joe input his end to the conversation. “An attack could be as far as six month and as close as a week, but we don’t have time to entrust our own skills with homemade devices and twenty-twos.  Our weapons are too weak to repel another strike.  They’ll no doubt use that map to strategically hit us.  We’re out of explosives and our ammo’s running low.” 
	From the edge of the table, Jacob nodded. “We need a resupply.” His memory skipped back a few chapters, regarding the military unit that was headed up north. “Fort 
Carson,” he said in a serious tone. 
	Chris spun his head on axis. “Fort Carson is almost seven hundred miles away from here.  And the fastest route takes us straight through Albuquerque.  We don’t know what it looks like in there.” 
	“Albuquerque is a lot smaller than Phoenix too,” Jacob answered. “My focus is on the infected occupying surrounding cities.” 
	Chris shook his head, “It’s not just the number of zombies I’m worried about.  I’m worried about a flat tire or some other car trouble half way there.  We’re exposed throughout a wide berth with no safe haven.” 
	“My RV was meant for long trips.  And checking all the trucks when I got here, I didn’t see any problems whatsoever.  They’ll survive a drive there tomorrow and a 
drive back in two days.” 
	“Luke Air Force Base is only two hours away.  We can be there and back before sunset.”
	“Yeah,” Derek answered, “but Luke is also on the other side of a congested metropolitan area with five million variables in the streets.  My money’s on Fort Carson, too.  There might even be people there.  People who can help our situation.” 
	Chris scoffed. “Fine, you go where you want and do what you do.  I’m not getting stuck on the side of the highway with you idiots.” 
	“We’re perfectly capable of changing a tire,” Jacob replied dryly as the angry camp manager walked from the room. 
	“Aren’t you guys worried about them coming back right after we leave?” Mitch threw his opinion into play. 
	Jacob shook his head. “Eric was out for almost three months before he came back to fight us today.  We depleted his ranks before he got away.  It’s going to take them at least a week to recollect, max out ammo, and come back for another go with us.” Mitch considered the words spoken while Jacob continued. “We’re taking three vehicles.  At least two people per car.  The Silverado and Sierra trucks will provide escort and moving of cars in the roadway.  The RV is for added storage of less controlled substances.  So far, me, Derek…and Daniel have decided to go.”
	Daniel turned at the mention of his name, “I what?” 
	“Come on, Dan,” Jacob said from across the table. “I might need a medic.” 
	Daniel nodded halfheartedly, flipping off the Marine. “Glad to be part of the team, asshole.” 
	Mitch nodded. “I’m with you, Jake.” 
	Zack was next in line, right before Terrence offered to go himself.  Derek dashed his eyes across the table.  Robert didn’t sway one direction or the other.  An empty shell that couldn’t be refilled.  At the end of the meeting, eight people had decided to go.  Heather and Justin chose to help out, adding themselves as side gunners on the RV. 
	A few minutes after the talk ended, Chris stepped in with word on the funeral procession.  Robert took a seat in the chapel.  At the head, both the dead corpses of Nicole and Carl were cleaned of the blood-stains, clothed in formal apparel, and laid still on the stage.  Seeing her unmoving form in such beauty, Rob’s eyes welled with sadness again. He sobbed loudly, feeling the embrace of Derek’s strong grip around him before he collapsed in his chair. 
	Several yards away, Heather cringed the loss of Carl, Brooke offering her a shoulder to cry on.  Everyone was overwhelmed with grief.  This was the first time so much tragedy had hit so many people.  Carl and Nicole were a family to everyone.  A single tear was shed by Jacob standing outside of the chapel. ‘There’s gotta be a better way than this,’ Jacob echoed in his mind.  The tragedy was still so sudden.  A funeral this soon only brought people into the same place to grieve.  No voices would matter over the lives they led over their entire lives.  Today was enough in and of itself today. 
	Jacob grabbed Chris as he and his daughter neared the chapel entrance. “This is a mistake.” Jacob said flat out. 
	“What do you mean?” Audrey asked. 
	“I mean it’s all happening too quick for anyone.  They just died and we’re already putting them in the ground.”
	Chris shrugged, “I thought you were used to this, Jake.” 
	“I’m more than used to people around me dying.  But none of you are.  Give everyone some time.” 
	Chris took a glance inside, seeing two of his workers dead on the altar.  For the first time, actually seeing them dead for himself, Chris wiped his eyes.  His vision crossing the room, all he could see were mourning in their own way.  Mitch, who had offered himself as a priest to honor their passing, darted out of the chapel with a hand over his eyes. “I understand,” Chris stepped out of the way to give Mitch a clear path.  He could see the rage corrupted by grief even through the eyes of another veteran. “Can you help?” Jacob nodded. 
	The next twenty minutes were devoted to separating everyone from the chapel and individually explaining to each of them the reasons for doing so.  Robert and Derek didn’t move.  He couldn’t stop looking at her.  By the time the sun was setting, his eyes were dry of any moisture. “I never thought it’d be like this,” Robert said in a hoarse voice. 
	Derek held back a wince of repression painfully. “It wasn’t supposed to be like this.” 
	“What was I thinking?” Rob asked himself. 
	“What?” 
	“I married her…I loved her…I created a new life with her.  Those are two souls I condemned.” 
	Derek shook his head. “Don’t you ever say you condemned Nikki again.  I’ll slap you right upside the face.”
	A small scoff disrupted Robert’s grief, but was washed away prior to notice. “I’ll never get to hold my child.”
	“Your grief is well shared by the rest of us.  I wanted to hold your kid, too.” 
	“Travis did this,” Robert voice grew cold. 
	Derek nodded. “Yeah…yeah, he did.”
	“I’m gonna kill him.” Robert convinced himself. 
	“You’re gonna have to beat me.” Derek answered, making eye contact with Rob.  Robert nodded his head. “That son of a bitch is going to answer for this, I promise you.” Robert scanned his head back to face the body of Nicole.  No turning back now.  She was gone and that would remain.  What would remain of Robert when all was said and done? 

Day 212
Grieving

 	Sleep never greeted Robert the previous night.  Everything was in black and white.  Nothing burdened detail.  One thing mattered in his life yesterday, and it was gone today.  He didn’t want yesterday to end, the last conversation with Nicole still fresh in his mind and clear as sky.  The blood from her loss still stained his forearms.  A final gruesome reminder, since no personal possessions maintained the warmth of her body.  Rob didn’t want comfort in his loss…he wanted revenge. 
	His eyes were red as fire for two natural causes, but some would have seen the color and expect rage matching the devil being held inside.  He’d been awake longer than 
twenty-four hours, with not a feeling of fatigue about his nature.  The darkness should have provided aid with bringing him calm of rest.  But the status quo had changed. People were dead, and others hadn’t suffered nearly as much to consider an eye for an eye. 
	As the black faded to purple, Robert lifted his eyelids.  A slow exhale drew from his lips.  Every time he shut his eyes, all he could picture was her face.  Her touch, her smile, her eyes…Rob clenched his teeth in anger just visualizing Eric’s crooked smile.  The message Nicole wrote in her diary were another several words he couldn’t erase. 
	The empty shell reached his arm to the same diary lying closed.  Strength didn’t warrant exertion in his state.  Gripping the edge with a few fingers, Rob nearly dropped 
the diary to the floor.  Pages swept open as a single cover kept it from crashing on the ground.  Through one of the pages, a small envelope fell free.  In its course, a draft slipped the letter through an air conditioning grating on the floor.  In Nicole’s writing, the name of Rob had been sketched.  Her final notes stayed out of his peripheral, while he read through the first pages of his lost love’s diary. 
	On the other side of the camp, the Fort Carson party of eight were filling up the trucks with spare gasoline from other vehicles parked in the camp.  They’d have to make a stop somewhere along the way refill gasoline.  The route was six hundred and fifty miles, which would transfer over as nine to ten hours driving if the roads weren’t bad.  Unfortunately, their route drew them several miles down Route 66, one of the most famous cross-country routes and what could be one of the most infamous after the undead 
arrived. 
	Jacob stepped into his RV, checking the gauges.  He typed it in on his GPS. Satellites still operated, that was good to know.  The route popped up on his monitor, giving him a good look.  Zooming in, he located a gas station fifty miles out of Albuquerque.  His truck could go three hundred miles with ease, but he wanted to be prepared if several detours were necessary to traverse.  Beyond the metropolitan zone, there would be plenty more stations to stop and collect fuel. 
	Stepping into the lead truck, Derek took the front wheel of Robert’s Silverado in his own arms.  A seat he’d filled many times before.  But it all felt different in the wake of a shocking change he’d be leaving his wounded cousin alone to relinquish.  The wheel felt cold around his grip.  Daniel took the seat opposite him while Zack climbed into the back seat.  A moment passed in earnest while the other groups were settled in. 
	Heather and Justin took up space in the RV, operating as extra guns for the trip.  If they were going to be cut off by the undead, at least they’d put up a fight.  The young woman took a seat behind the dining table.  A rifle slunk in the grip of her arm.  Justin took a seat opposite her, assured by his own glance that her safety was still engaged.  She thought of Carl, he thought of how to comfort her for Carl’s death.  That was part of his commitment to accompany them on their journey. 
	Taking up the back of the pack, Mitch and Terrence were both in the Sierra work truck.  Mitch checked his pistol, loading a bullet into the chamber before holstering it on his right let.  Terrence scanned him and the weapon a glance. “You’re always prepared.” 
	“Gotta be prepared, my friend.” Mitch fit the keys snug, twisted in the ignition.  With a roar, the truck roared to an idling life. “We’re going right through the United 
States of Zombieland.” 
	Jacob called on the two-ways “Everyone ready to go?” 
	In response Derek was immediate. “Lead truck is ready,” he ignited the engine. High beams flashed over the maintenance shed ahead of them. 
	“Rear truck is good to go,” Mitch followed a second later. 
	“Then let’s get this show on the road.” Derek pressed his foot on the gas. “Lead us to Holbrook.” A glance down at his radio watch read 5:22 as first rays of light brought some depth to the black forest. 
	“Roger that,” Derek replied over the radio.  His foot depressed the gas pedal.  Guiding the convoy out of the gate, his distance widened along the service road.  One 
thing on his mind now was getting away from it all.  Derek didn’t want to think about the camp, or its people…least of all the few who were no longer with them. 
	His separation from the group surfaced Jacob on the radio again. “Maintain visual contact at all times.”
	“Sorry,” Derek said firmly.  The truck came to a complete stop at the highway.  As the early morning of day appeared, he witnessed the gas station. “We should have ended this when we had the chance.”
	Daniel turned his head to face what caught Derek’s gaze. “What didn’t you do?” 
	“We had a chance to take them all out…and we blew it.” Derek didn’t care for his own crude demeanor.  This was war, and a strategic opportunity had been missed as a result of Robert’s choice.  Derek tried not to think if he was blaming Robert’s inactions for Nicole’s passing. 
	Zack looked out the back window in silence. “Nikki died out here, Derek.” He commented with a numb voice. “How did it happen?” Derek saw the headlights in his 
rearview.  He gunned the gas, making a left onto the highway.  A drive through the town would branch them off onto the 277.  By memory, he knew that he’d have to fork left onto the 377 not much further. “Derek?” Zack wanted his question solved, but Derek didn’t want to repeat a word of what he saw. 
	“Zack, forget it.” Daniel turned, trying to coax Zack from pursuing an answer. 
	Zack shook his head. “No!  Nikki was family to me.  I want to know.  Was it quick, was it painless?” Derek ignored him again, his eyes still focused on the road. “Derek, please.” 
	Derek spun the wheel as they reached their first change in the roadway.  A deep sigh erupted from his mouth. “Bobby and I were chasing the van.  We wanted to make a mark and scare them away.  We shot out the tires.  But stepping around, this guy was holding Nikki at gunpoint.” He stopped himself, hearing the gunshot erupt from the murderer’s revolver.
	Zack turned his head, “Did either of you have a shot?” 
	“We couldn’t risk it.  Guy had a hair-trigger pointed at a pregnant girl.  It happened so fast.  He said he wanted to make it personal.” 
	“Why?” Dan asked. 
	“You tell me.  I think Travis may be a lot worse than we thought.” 
	The next car back, Jacob sat alone at the wheel.  He’d thrown a cowboy hat over his head, remembering the good old days he’d spend out camping with Alyssa.  Reflecting on the last twenty four hours, Jacob lowered the visor.  Their direction was going to take them east, straight into the sunlight.  Tucked away in the fabric, a picture of him and his daughter shone down.
	Jacob’s loss was as severe a shock as the deaths of loved ones yesterday.  He’d learned to cope with her out of the picture.  Silently, he tuned through the static going 
through the radio.  Reception in the area wasn’t good, so not even the survivor broadcasts were discerned.  He sighed, lighting up a smoke in the cab as light peered over the horizon. 
	A few feet back, both Heather and Justin sat opposite each other in the booth.  Heather’s eyes peered through the shutters.  All the defenses against the undead had blocked them into a sort of tunnel vision.  Heather sighed, “Why did this happen?” Her eyes lifted to face Justin. 
	Justin gulped.  He had no other straight way to put it. “God means for everything to happen as it happens.  Death is inescapable.  It’ll claim us all someday.” 
	She wiped her nose, “Carl was a good guy…I can’t stand to think he’s not here anymore.” 
	“He’s not here, that only means he’s in a better place.” Justin tossed her a smile. 
	Heather halfheartedly returned it. “That’s not fair, he gets to see wonderland first.” 
	Justin chuckled. “I hope you didn’t come on this trip looking for a way to opt out.” 
	“Why?” Heather grinned, “Is that what brought you along?” 
	“Looking for an adventure, actually.  And Brooke wanted me to look after you.  As much as you want to deny it, you are a suicide risk that I’m not willing to chance.”
	She smiled for a moment, “Such the gentleman.” 
	Taking up the rear, Mitch had taken the seat of the driver.  Terrence took up the passenger seat with eyes scanning the roadside for stray animals.  He sighed as the sunlight pierced their eyes. “Been a long time since I’ve driven anywhere,” he said. 
	“Been a long time since I’ve driven,” Mitch’s retort. “Last time we went out was back in August.  This is gonna be a lot longer drive, too.” 
	“You worried?” Terrence asked. 
	“Hell yeah.  I don’t know what the outside world looks like.  For all we know, Albuquerque could be loaded with zombies.” 
	“What’s to say Fort Carson hasn’t already been raided?” 
	“I don’t know,” Mitch’s response. 
	Terrence laughed. “Why are we even going out here?” 
	“Jacob’s convinced this is our only answer.  Basically, we’re living on a prayer.” 
	Terrence shook his head. “Hope God’s on our side.” 
	“Since when does God take sides?” Mitch shot back. 
	“Since the dead started coming back to life.” Terrence leaned back in his seat. “When there is no more room in hell, the dead will walk the earth.  Now we get to see it.” 
	“God never takes sides,” Mitch replied. “He’s just as much the creator as he is the destroyer.” Terrence took the food for thought in silence. 
	The convoy carefully slipped between the congested streets in the small town of Holbrook less than thirty minutes later.  A crash in the middle of one intersection didn’t prove hard to pass.  However, even after Derek had shoved the sedan out of the way, Jacob’s RV scraped along the sides. 
	Three hours after their departure, Jacob keyed in on the radio. “Hey, Derek.  I got about a quarter tank left.  And I don’t want to run out of gas in the middle of the city if its 
infected.” 
	“Roger that,” Derek answered.  The sun had risen in the skies ahead as the clock ticked past 8:31. “There’s a turnoff ahead.  We’ll fill up there, get some breakfast.” 
	Zack chuckled, “Isn’t everything on the shelf expired by now.” 
	Derek shrugged. “Maybe, but I’d rather risk getting a little sick as to starving myself.” 
	“Good point.” 
	Mitch sighed a breath of relief. “That’s great,” he reported over he radio. “I gotta take a piss.” 
	Jacob laughed upon hearing the remark. “Don’t travel alone, bathrooms are the worst.” 
	The Silverado slowed as it reached the turnoff.  Their average speed for the duration of the drive leveled near seventy.  Derek spun the wheel left, leading the crew 
onto the overpass.  Daniel looked out the passenger seat, spotting a major crash on the highway ahead that had spread to the opposite lane of traffic. 
	Reaching a rest stop, the crew were privy to the sight of at least fifty semi-trailers and dozens of bodies lining the grounds of the gas station and store. “This doesn’t look good,” Zack called it. 
	Derek tapped into his comm. “Everybody load up.” 
	“Roger that,” Mitch answered. 
	As one, the convoy slowed to a stop at three adjacent pumps.  Derek offloaded with the SIG in his grip.  No movement so far.  Daniel remained in his seat while Zack stepped out from the back. “Gonna check the building?” he yelled over. 
	“Hoo-ah,” Derek’s copy.  The two started toward the front door.  Not far to their right, Jacob traversed beside Mitch.  Both of them were loaded and ready to fire.  Back 
at the RV, Justin fitted the gas nozzle down the tank with Heather watching every darkened corner for signs of movement.  Terrence was alone at the work truck doing the 
same.  From his seat, Daniel felt a little foolish not to make himself useful.  Carefully, he looked at his surroundings before exiting his seat. 
	Jacob and Derek were first to step over the threshold.  Crossing arms, their right hand held a pistol straight forward, the left anchored under and held a flashlight.  A full-spectrum circle of white enveloped the opposite wall of the dark building.  Little natural light peeked through the posters on display.  Derek shot a glance at Jacob as they peered down every aisle. “We clear?” 
	“Almost,” he whispered. “Ears closed,” before pulling a single shot.  The reverb shocked everyone at the station.  Fifteen feet down, a single zombie walking slowly on a limp fell to the ground, half of its skull crushed. “Now we’re clear.” Jacob holstered the pistol.  He jumped over the counter, fishing a pack of Marlboro 27s. “I had to stop somewhere.” His remark to the party. 
	Back at the third pump, Daniel was waiting for gas to start injecting into the tank.  Little did he know, a contingent of seven figures trekked across the blacktop out of his view.  He slid a cigarette out from above his ear, sliding it between his lips.  Spinning around, his peripheral caught movement.  Eyes snapped back, Daniel spotted at least five sets of yellow eyes looking about him. “Oh, shit!” he yelled, running for the store. 
	Heather peeked her head around the pillar, spotting three truckers with the same golden visage.  She raised arms without hesitation.  Eye looking through the scope, the flap of one’s hat lifted for her to see his eyes.  Heather pulled the trigger, marking her first zombie kill.  One of the three in the group took three more steps before falling lifeless with a carving between his brows. 
	Jacob heard the first gunshot ring out while trying to reboot the register system.  It was directly connected to the fuel station outside. “What’s going on?” he asked, raising his head.
	Zack, down the chips aisle, grabbed a bag of cheese snacks before sprinting out the door.  Barely reaching the entrance he and Daniel collided.  From a few steps back Derek had also been running and witnessed their impact.  Without a word, he crossed over both.  Four pairs of eyes belonging to a truck driver, a suit, and two teenage girls were within ten feet of the man lifting his weapon. 
	The .45 shot loose two rounds before the first dropped.  His pace didn’t slow as he continued in a beeline.  Targeting the second put his foe down in a moment’s notice.  His gaze turned to the two girls.  Their gap closed within five feet of him as he pounded out three definitive blasts.  Both bodies fell within grasp of his legs, but no brain functioned to reach for their prey. 
	Derek scanned the four dropped bodies.  Not even a twitch meant they were down for sure.  He’d seen the result of fire without restraint.  Bloody massacre in daylight compared to shooting strangers in the dark from fifty feet away.  Above, three more souls crept around the Silverado.  He turned his gaze back to Zack who had just arrived with 
a rifle in hand. 
	Raising his weapon to shoot, Derek tapped him on the arm. “Watch what you shoot.  Don’t fire if it exposes the gas pump or Rob’s truck.” 
	“Thanks for making me feel better,” Zack put his aim down the scope. 
	“Just a warning.  Rob would kill you if you shot out one of his windows.” Zack pulled the trigger.  His first shot was low, but Derek did see contact.  The bullet had shredded into his heart no doubt.  As proven, shooting a vital organ made no difference to the zombie’s pace. “That was low.” 
	Zack nodded, “I saw,” defiantly. “I’m shooting the guy, right?” 
	Derek chuckled, “Last chance, then I put them down.” 
	“You guys don’t play around,” Zack noticed, pulling the trigger for the second time.  His target dropped to the floor. 
	Derek grinned. “Rob didn’t play around when he taught me how to shoot.  The first humans I shot could do the same to me, though.” 
	A few yards away, Heather finished off the five walkers.  She didn’t feel remorse for her perspective had changed.  The death of Carl yesterday didn’t heal with the first night alone.  Down by the pump, a loud beep alerted Justin and Terrence the pumps were ready to use.  Scanning the area for signs of more zombies, Derek didn’t feel any easier. “Let’s get this done and get out of here.” 
	As the crew finished pumping fuel, Mitch was a few yards behind. “What’d I miss?” he asked.  His pace landed him around the grave sight outside of the store.  Five minutes in passing, the unit was back on the road, carefully traversing off-road to evade the pileup that consumed both four lane roads with upwards of fifty vehicles strewn in clusters. 
	Entering the city of Albuquerque, the traffic didn’t seem to let up.  In fact, their current course dragged them straight through the middle of the metropolis.  Derek eased 
on the accelerator as the road ahead seemed to vanish under hundreds of civilian cars in gridlock. “We’re getting off the highway,” Derek called over the radio. 
	“Roger that,” Jacob called back. “Heather!” he yelled to the back of the cabin. 
	“What’s up?” 
	“Get on the GPS, I need a navigator.” 
	Heather stepped through the curtains separating the driver’s compartment from the rest of the RV.  She immediately took the passenger seat, releasing Jacob’s map from its holster on the windshield.  Ahead Derek was leading them down a less congested off ramp. 
	Reaching the intersection, he could see bodies moving in the vehicle compartments.  Derek was relieved, the undead weren’t roaming every inch of the streets.  He scanned across the underpass.  Their entire route was clogged by panicking evacuees.  The only plausible path would take them far off course. “Where am I going, Jake?” Derek asked. “All I can see is right.” 
	“Take it,” Jacob reported.  His glance shifted over to Heather. “How you doing over there?” 
	“One minute,” she scanned ahead.  Their route didn’t seem fairly occupied, but it would take them miles off course. “We might have to traverse surface streets the whole way.” 
	“Whatever it takes, we’re sitting ducks if we slow down.” he spun the wheel.  In the rear side, Justin switched his rifle’s safety. 
	Derek led the crew across the first street.  Roads were still jammed in all directions.  Their only choice ran to keep following the single route given them by fate’s calling.  Then again, it could have been a path carved by footsteps prior theirs.  Six blocks past, he finally found a clear cut separation of two vehicles.  Signs of movement were visible on the panels struck by heavy impact, added by the tread marks on the blacktop. 
	Not even thinking, he led the convoy.  The path drew him up along the sidewalk, “Hold on.” There wasn’t room enough for the RV to pass clearly.  He pumped the gas, turning the right side of the grille to face the still SUV’s bumper.  Impact was quick and the grille absorbed most of the punch. 
	The unoccupied opposite rolled backwards on its wheels to open a clear carving for their route.  Derek shook off the crash with a smirk.  A few meters back, Jacob graciously took the opening given him. “Thanks for that.” He jerked his eyes up to see Heather scanning the routes that could get them through safely. “What do you got?” he 
asked.
	“Alright,” she took the radio. “If we can follow this road another six or seven miles,” her fingers rolled upward on the hybrid map. “Whoa,” she looked up, spotting a 
cluster of cars stopped on the highway.  Compared to the screen, the position and colors matched the obstacles spread along their route.  The overview satellite scan readout on the GPS registered recent images. “These images are taken within the last month.” 
	“Of course,” Jacob answered. “You think I’d settle for some cheap Garmin when I’ve got the science department tossing me the best tech?” 
	“So, satellites above us are still working?” 
	“You obviously never gaze at the stars.  I wouldn’t be surprised if every US satellite is maintaining orbit up there” 
	She grinned, “That means some of them are still alive?” 
	“Was that a question?” Jacob asked. “What, did you think we’re the only people that didn’t drown in the first waves?”
	“They were tidal waves,” Heather said with a grin, “and hurricane winds.” 
	“Not a lot survived, but they’re out there.  I don’t think I’d be stretching if there was up to twenty percent of what once was earth’s population.  I hope that’s the worst of it.” 
	“Twenty percent?” 
	“Yeah,” he nodded, “That might be too generous.  But other countries had more time to respond better to the outbreak than we did.  Then again, I stopped having faith in control of the world ages ago.” 
	Heather scoffed.  She looked up the small screen, determining several choke points along their route. “Alright, six miles up,” she called it on the radio. “Make a left.  The interchange we need to get to is stacked for another three blocks.” 
	“Roger that,” Derek answered.  His ears listened intently on the radio while he carefully drove the streets at a bearable pace. 
	From the passenger seat Daniel saw the damage created by the wake of panic followed closely by the virulent pathogen they feared so much. “Goddamn.  I’ve never seen so many bodies.” 
	“I suppose you’ve never heard of Rwanda.” 
	Daniel sighed. “Don’t even remind me.  I’m getting nauseous.” He couldn’t stand the sight of so many unburied dead on the ground. 
	“What does this make us look like now?” 
	Zack smirked, “Reminding you of some past times?” 
	“No,” Derek shot back. “I’ve only ever left the US for Mexico.” 
	Making the left onto the designated street, Heather was sure to call the sign name before the turn had been missed.  Through the next twelve miles, they had to squeeze across jammed blocks of downtown before finding space to maneuver back onto the interstate.  Heather looked up ahead on the satellite scans. “We’re out of the woods as 
far as exiting the city.  After that, we’re on our own.” Her eyes confirmed north of the metropolis hadn’t been photographed in well over a year. 
	No misfortune befell their journey beyond New Mexico.  They’d been able to handle the situations as they arrived, now had but one more gas pickup before they’d 
reach Fort Carson.  Jacob shot a glance over to Heather as his gauge tipped past an eighth of a tank. “We’re running low on fuel,” he reported, “checking the satellite for gas 
stations.” She nodded before her gaze returned to the mapping system in her hands. 
	“Three miles up,” after a brief silence. “Right side of the road is a truck stop.” 
	“That’ll do,” Jacob sent the call in. 
	Midday fell on Camp Emerald Pine, but a stillness filled the air.  In place of the calm peace, a dreadful following to a disastrous night left everything hollow.  Robert hadn’t removed himself from bed.  He couldn’t dare to open his eyes and see Nikki wasn’t there.  Throughout the day, his brain tried to fool him into a different perception.  But the dreams never lasted.  One thing would never be erased from his picture memory: embracing his wife to her dying breath. 
	His black trance came under hail with the knock at his door.  Rob opened his eyes, but no words left his mouth.  No reason to exist if no purpose could be found.  Somehow he lived while Nicole did not.  Wrong place, wrong time.  Then again, no place was right and time would never bring them peace.  By day seven, not a doubt in Rob’s mind convinced him otherwise of humanity’s destruction.  But seven months since all thoughts of an uneventful survival strategy was formulated, survival to him didn’t seem feasible. 
	“Bobby?” Captain Fowler’s voice slid through the cracks of the door.  He didn’t answer, gaze focused on a single picture on the bed stand.  It was both Nicole and Robert, a photograph taken a year ago during the previous summer camp.  Through a still frame, her face brought him a sliver of a grin.  Another knock at the door, “Bobby?”
	Outside the door, Brooke couldn’t stand to hear the silence.  Rob fell into a little rut when Alex was mercifully ended.  It didn’t come close to the silence she heard now.  Lives had been ended by the cruelest of hearts, one stolen from his heart.  Her eyes flashed him contemplating suicide for the emotional trauma.  She twisted the knob, her eyes peering through the gap. “Hey,” Robert spoke in monotone.  His eyes were glued to the blue sky through the window. 
	“Are you okay?” She took a few strides, sitting on the bed beside him. 
	Robert didn’t face her. “Who is?” he asked.  No use avoiding the situation, everyone was affected by the loss of two good friends in the blink of an eye. 
	“Don’t shut everyone out, Rob.” Brooke warned. “We’re taking it however we can.” 
	“This isn’t over.” Rob brushed an eye. “Eric got away.” 
	Brooke put her hand over his. “Stop talking about Eric,” her tone grew stern. “He doesn’t mean anything.  We all know he’s a misguided soul, and he’s responsible for killing Nikki and Carl…but you can’t think about him.” 
	“What else can I think about?” Robert slid his hand loose from her grip. “Nikki was my life.” He turned his view away, returning to the same blank phase. 
	“I’m scared for you, Bobby.” Brooke couldn’t think how to respond to his previous statement. “I’m scared you’re going to do something--” 
	Robert cut her off, “If you think I’m going to kill myself because I can’t cope,” he rose from the bed. “Think again.” He stepped out of the dorm.  His tone was a bit rude.  After a few seconds breathing in the fresher air outside he turned to face her. “Sorry,” he admitted. “That was harsh.”
	Brooke folded her arms, propped against the wall. “How can I trust you?” 
	“When I said this wasn’t over, I spoke from the heart.  They attacked us, they killed us…they killed my wife and unborn child.” He looked out at the valley. “I’m not going to sleep peacefully until those sins have been atoned for.”
	“So you’ll go on a quest for vengeance?” Brooke shook her head. “Why?” Robert wanted to speak but she didn’t let him. “Nikki never would have wanted this.” She shook her head. “You cope however you do.  Let the sadness overwhelm, block it off with anger.  I only have two requests.” 
	“What are those?” 
	“Don’t let the evil become you as it’s become them.  And don’t give up because love fleeted from your arms.” She turned, leaving Robert to stare at the valley.  He sighed, thinking about yesterday.  The last words that Nicole spoke to Robert were meant to put foundation beneath the crumbling structure.  Instead, he found himself using them as the fuel to burn a fire of rage.  Not once did guilt cross his mind.  Travis had to pay for his choice to start this war. 
	Within ten minutes of their stop the convoy was back on the road.  No undead crossed paths with them during the second refill.  Derek led the pack down the onramp, his speedometer jumping upwards of seventy. “Next stop, Fort Carson.” He said over the line.  Daniel and Zack breathed easy, taking in the silence of the drive and glancing at the clock reading 1:03. 
	“Can’t wait to get there,” Zack laid down in his seat. 
	Dan lit up a cigarette in the front seat, rolling down his adjacent window. “Starting to feel kind of stiff.”
	In the back of Derek’s mind, he couldn’t shake that this endeavor would all be for nothing.  Several risks taken for the sake of their defense and no one was even sure if they would pay off.  The next ninety minutes were the longest as road signs slimmed anticipation of distance. 
	Finally the signs reading their destination slimmed to zero.  And instead of the pale green, they were greeted by a painted diamond and the base name. “Welcome to the Mountain Post.” Jacob said to Heather. 
	She was in awestricken by the base’s size. “Wait a second.  How big is this place?” 
	The convoy pulled off to the side of the road.  Undoubtedly, their next goal would be to find survivors…if there even were.  As chance put it, every posted service member may have left the base.  Hopefully they left it well stocked.  But even that was pushing the envelope considering bandit groups interested in military grade weaponry.  Jacob spotted Derek leave the front seat. “Say about a hundred and forty thousand acres.” 
	Heather chuckled, “Where do they find a use for all that space?” 
	Derek stopped and exchanged a few words with Zack across the flatbed.  From inside, Jacob scanned the multiple buildings consisting of the base. “This place is host to a lot of grunts.  They got guys from EOD, Airborne, military police, not to mention the home of the Fourth Infantry.” 
	“This complex is big.  Do you have any idea where you’re going?” 
	As Derek started toward him. “I’ve been winging it since I made it to your doorstep.” The Marine released himself from the RV’s driver seat. “How’s it look?” 
	Derek shifted his gaze around, scanning the structures around them. “I would say it’s too quiet, but a lot of places are these days.” 
	Jacob closed his eyes to feel their surroundings.  The air felt warmer than what he was used to.  A thousand foot change in elevation brought about such temperature changes.  He liked the air of this place because it tasted clean and fresh. “The rest of the world’s either quiet or screaming.” He threw out.  Ten footsteps crossed him to the other edge of blacktop. Eyes finally slid open. “We’re not alone out here.” He grinned before turning back around. “Let’s hope we’re on the same side.  Keep following this road.” He fit a cigarette between his lips while Derek looked around. 
	“What makes you so sure?” 
	Jacob reached for the wheel of his RV. “Sixth sense,” he called out before closing the door.  Derek stepped back into the Silverado with Zack only a few steps behind.  He set the vehicle into drive once again, confident the undead weren’t heavily occupying this area.  Less than a mile further down the road, the convoy of three stopped upon seeing one heavily fortified block sticking out.  Defenses ranged from chain-link fencing ten feet tall down to patches of concertina wire near the only viable access.  Through the fence, a cluster of five rectangular edifices around flooring of orange stain. 
	Derek looked across the grounds inside the defenses. “I guess we found them.”
	Jacob stepped out of the car. “I can handle this,” he reported to Heather.  Leaving his cover, the Marine lifted his arms to signify no armament.  A faint glimmer caught his eye through one of the windows, causing a smirk to rise.  Jacob examined the corridor.  Nothing else served to block their path beyond the secured razor wire. 
	Less than a hundred feet away, the double doors of the center building swung open.  Jacob lifted his chin to face four figures leaving shadow.  Assault rifles armed every one  Seeing them in uniform shed some worry from his demeanor.  He drew a breath in relief. 
	Leading the uniformed squad of four, a soldier aged past forty years old with thin black hair and a noticeable chew.  Despite the distance Jacob easily made out the two silver stripes on his person indicating the rank of Captain.  The other three were unmistakably enlisted beside their commanding officer.
	The Captain reached the other side of the gate.  Jacob nodded through the fence, “Nice to see life out here, Captain.” 
	“Life isn’t measured by eyesight.  Where do you come from?” 
	Hearing the Captain’s tone for the first time, Jacob could easily discern authority.  Not at all swayed by the indifferent character of his opposite, the Marine spoke once 
again. “We’re coming out of Arizona.” Thoughts of yesterday glimpsed through his mind. “Our plan was to collect some weaponry.”
	The Captain glanced down to see the revolver in its holster and the sniper rifle on his back. “You seem well enough to handle this crisis as we are.” 
	“We thought we were,” Jacob admitted. “But this crisis…” His eyes blinked and saw Robert’s dead stare. “We need help.” 
	Something triggered in the Captain’s memory. “Your face looks familiar.” He glanced behind to his troop of three. “What do you say, Gibbs?” 
	The young woman to his right sported auburn hair, green eyes, and the patch of Staff Sergeant.  She looked him up and down. “Yeah,” with a nod. “I still can’t think of a face to match the name.” 
	Jacob smirked. “Major Warren, Marine Corps.” 
	The Captain beamed wide. “You’re a long ways off from that retirement in Flagstaff.  Haven’t heard about you in years.  Open the gate,” he confirmed to the two 
Corporals on his other side. 
	Jacob took a step back while the gate was slid open. “That retirement didn’t have the defenses necessary.” He recalled his account. “I lost three good friends…and Alyssa.” 
	The Captain sighed.  Jake’s reputation preceded him, undoubtedly result of that record cold-bore shot years prior.  But never before did the Marine expect others to know his daughter by name. “I’m sorry for your loss.” 
	Jacob stepped through the freshly opened pathway.  Behind him, the three vehicle convoy slowly pulled to a stop inside the parking lot.  Moments after they made entrance the gate locked back down.  Assimilating into their group, the party of five trotted across to meet the rest of Jacob’s crew. “My loss is nothing compared to what we face now.” 
	“Forgive me.  I haven’t been able to properly introduce myself.” He held out an arm, “Captain Irving Powell, Tenth Special Forces.  You can call me Irv.” The gesture was accomplished in earnest.  A few yards away, the seven other travelers stretched their legs with faces of glee that the trip was finished.  Their dread fell on the return trip to be completed in less than a day’s time.  While the three soldiers branched off, both officers stopped in place. “What is it you require?” 
	“We need weapons and ammo.” 
	“You probably don’t need me telling you, but zombies go down with one bullet to--” 
	“I do know,” Jacob cut him off. “This isn’t about the undead.” He led the two behind a wall. “Yesterday morning, the outpost was attacked.” 
	“An attack?” Irv smirked. “Who has the gall to attack you?” 
	Jacob slid his teeth over one another. “The worst of people.  A militia.  Our group doesn’t have so many.” He noticed as at least three dozen fatigues stepped out of the surrounding structures to see new faces. “Two of us were killed yesterday…three,” he corrected himself. 
	Powell tilted his head. “Two or three?” 
	Jake wiped a sweat-stain from his brow. “One of them was pregnant.” He sighed, “The father’s in hell right now.” 
	Irving felt the anguish tug at his heartstrings.  A terrible crime, regardless of its distance, still struck a chord.  Death is always present, but the mere fact that it could clutch anything at any time was an unbearable tragedy. “Where did your attackers come from?” 
	“Not a clue,” Jake answered. “They found us…so it was either let them in or expect hostility.” 
	“No hope for a truce?” 
	“Eric sabotaged any attempt.  We know they’re going to be back, a map of the complex was stolen during the shootout.” 
	The two started walking.  For some reason, the Captain found new energy in his legs.  He led the duo to the building farthest south, where no life seemed to exit for sightseeing.  As the door closed behind them, only the makeshift skylights offered any visual aid. “We used to bunk personnel in here,” Powell walked past dozens of racks.  Something still occupied the beds, despite the mats being removed.  Jacob leaned down, withdrawing an M4 carbine from one. “Now it’s weapons storage.” He watched with a hint of enjoyment, spotting the vigor that erupted upon Jacob looking down the iron sights. 
	Jacob spotted the bulky frame of a Desert Eagle on the second bunk of the rack, “God bless America.” He took it in his left hand while the right still clutched the carbine’s grip. “How many pieces you got?” 
	Powell shook his head. “More than enough to suit us.  We stopped counting bullets a long time ago.” 
	“Do you have anything set on defensive purposes?” 
	“For the most part it’s just small arms.  But I do have some AP mines and satchels if you need them.” 
	Jacob didn’t want to impose. “What if you need them?” 
	Powell scoffed, “Don’t worry about it, Major.  We’ve got trained personnel and enough ammo to last us years.  Your situation requires immediate attention.  How many guns would you say you have?” 
	“A shit-load of twenty-twos and a couple snipers--”
	Irving rose a hand, “I meant how many trained riflemen?” 
	Recounting the number in his head. “Including me, only three of us are ‘officially.’ Derek’s a decent shot, but everyone else is just another amateur.” 
	“You need more men,” Powell stated. 
	Jacob smirked. “I appreciate the gesture.  But we need stopping power more than anything else.”
	The Captain sent a message through his radio. “Lieutenant Markham, could you meet me in the storeroom?” 
	“Copy that, Captain,” a scratchy voice answered. “I’m on my way.” 
	 Looking down the assault rifle again, Jacob couldn’t wash away the feeling. “Captain Powell.  We came here for weapons that could handle a siege.  I never planned on putting your soldiers’ lives on the line.” 
	Irving spun around. “I didn’t ask for your opinion, Major.  You may outrank me, that doesn’t make you smarter.  Any one of my people would gladly give their life defending innocent as compared to our statute of living.” 
	“What is your statute?” Jacob asked.  A few meters away, a silhouette was blackened in shadow as it entered the building. 
	“There’s only three things we do: Grow food, collect water, keep an ear open.” 
	“That was supposed to be our way of life.  Has anyone else run into you?” 
	Powell dwelt on the question for a few moments. “Before you, I had three run ins.  Last one I remembered was an infantry column looking for the rest of its company.  They were in Phoenix when the virus made a jump a hundred miles.  Suddenly, every division from Houston to Bismarck is cut off.  Hundreds of thousands of civilians, some dead, some…not quite.  All of them seeing the soldiers on the ground as more a threat than help.” Irv let out a long sigh in irritation. 
	“Captain?” spoke the bald Lieutenant. 
	“Lieutenant Vic Markham,” he introduced, “this is Major Jake Warren.” 
	Jake held out a hand that the Lieutenant returned happily. “Good to meet you,” Jake spoke halfheartedly.  He didn’t want another person to die, especially one that was 
an outsider. “Captain--” 
	“Lieutenant, I’m requesting that you assemble a squad of four and go back to Arizona with these people.” 
	The Lieutenant was taken aback. “For what purpose, sir?” 
	“They’ve been attacked,” Powell informed. “Two of theirs are dead.” 
	“Attacked?” Victor turned his eyes from his commanding officer to the stranger beside him. “Who?” 
	“It’s a rogue faction.  From what we’ve been able to collect, some kind of militia.  Their intent was to ward off this infection, but now they’ve got their sights set on us.  Captain, I need to--” 
	“I understand,” The Lieutenant cut Jake off, in turn spawning a look of initial distaste. “I’ll be back in five.” Jacob watched the fatigues disappear behind the door. 
	“Captain, please.  I don’t want to be responsible for any of your people.” 
	“I’m not asking you to,” Irving answered. “You know the drill, leatherneck.  All for one, one for all?” 
	“Over in San Diego, we call it Semper Fi.” Jacob’s retort. 
	“My guys can take care of themselves.  Back where you come from, I don’t expect any of yours to have thought the states would see anarchy.” 
	“They never expected a war on their doorstep.” 
	“Exactly,” Irving spoke. “All Carson’s seen for the last six months is nothing but an endless cold war.  If a few of my boys have the chance to take up something more than survival, I’m not going to turn them down.” 
	Outside, the seven were being orientated by the female Staff Sergeant.  At least thirty heads were counted at one time by Derek.  He was glad to be surrounded by living souls and not the undead.  Everywhere they went it seemed was the undead and a few anarchists who took advantage of social disorder.  Military battle dress uniforms didn’t wash away any sense of friendliness.  These guys were in the same exact boat…they just had better guns, more shooters, and the prerequisite to survive. 
	“I’m Lexie,” The redheaded Staff Sergeant leaned her head next to Derek. 
	“Derek,” he held out a hand which she shook without question. 
	“You guys come a long way.” She knew their origins by three similar license plates. “Had to leave home?” 
	Derek looked at the ground. “They same home is where the heart is.  Ours is broken.” 
	Lexie’s vision swayed to the floor. “What happened?  The undead?” She guessed. 
	Derek shook his head. “Our hope was that nothing would find us.  But when it came down, zombies don’t compare to living men who’d gladly pull the trigger on a defenseless human being.”
	“What?” Lexie sounded perplexed to hear such a thing. “Why would people turn against you?” 
	“Opportunity,” he admitted. “Our camp is remote from a big city and we’ve been able to stock up food and water.”
	“Were you forcibly removed from this place?” she felt anger swelling inside her. 
	“No.  We just didn’t think they’d be able to hit us so hard.  Now two of our people are dead.” He clenched his teeth to fight off the depression of Nicole’s passing. 
	Lexie watched as the soldiers talked and joked with the raid party.  This raid turned out a lot better than they thought. “So,” she implied, “you’re here to get the tools of the trade?” 
	“You could say that.” 
	At that moment, Derek’s vision was distracted by one of the soldiers approaching rapidly. “Lexie,” spoke the Second Lieutenant. 
	Lexie turned on her heels. “Hey,” she wound her arms around his waist. “Hi, honey.” 
	Victor shot his eyes to the seven strangers. “Captain Powell called me.  Said to comprise a team.”
	“A team for what?” Lexie asked. 
	Victor looked up, his eyes locking with Derek’s. “We’re going back with them.” 
	Lexie smirked. “You want me on this team?” The Lieutenant nodded, leaning in to whisper in her ear.  Any exchange was lost on Derek.  His eyes looked to face the others.  Every member of their crew were glad to be away, glad to have a shock out of the sadness of reality.  In exchange, they could see another reality hundreds of miles away with a tone far from demoralizing.

Day 213
Foundation

 	Dawn rose in a white veil of thin clouds.  Precipitation wasn’t expected, although the shade would remain in overcast until their return crossed the border of Arizona.  Already, Jacob was introducing Derek to the assortment of weapons.  Not just the arms, but the equipment including night vision brought him to grin. “Are you ready to kick some ass?” Jacob smirked once they locked eyes with more confidence than ever. 
	Derek slipped a pair of goggles from the far wall. “More than ever.”
	“We’ve got free reign on this room.  Make the best of it.” 
	Derek approached one of the racks where he located an M82 sniper system.  Tracing down the gun, he slid the magazine loose.  Eyes went wide upon discerning the .50 cal BMG inside. “Damn!”
	“Pop somebody with one of those, they aren’t getting back up.” 
	Zack trailed in with a joint in hand.  The smell immediately stirred both of them. “We’re out of town one night and you’ve found a dealer.  How do you do it?” Derek asked with a wide grin.
	“Last I checked, weed was legal out here.” He chuckled.  Zack walked around one of the racks, his eyes feasting on the different weapons placed on racks.  He scanned down the aisles as different munitions including shotguns and grenade launchers were spotted.  Stacked up on the far wall were disposable rocket systems among the dozens of ammunition boxes. 
	A few moments later, Mitch was accompanied by Terrence through the door.  As their sight developed to the surrounding sunlight the two froze in awe.  Over Mitch’s face the smile of a kid appeared. “I miss my job.” He picked up one of the carbines with ecstatic reminiscence. 
	Not far behind, Justin was accompanied by Daniel and Heather.  The three marked the last of their raiding party.  As soon as the three had found themselves around the weaponry, Jacob cleared his throat. “Listen up.” The stirs of murmurs faded in the same instant. “Yesterday nobody knew if we’d find this place.  Fort Carson has chosen to grant us more than just weapons stockpile.” 
	“What else could there be?” Zack asked. 
	Derek turned to face their party. “They’re sending a squad of riflemen back with us.” 
	Mitch turned about after ejecting a loaded bullet from an M9. “That’s a generous donation.” 
	“Captain Powell believes we need people trained to shoot a weapon more than the guns themselves,” Jacob answered. “We’re going up against living people, not zombies.  We don’t have the luxury of time to teach fire control.” 
	“And here I was thinking the drive back would be boring,” Heather joked.
	Just outside, the Captain still ran a tight ship even after the world had gone to hell.  Every morning the soldiers under his troop would readily stand to like the professionals they trained to be.  Drills and PT weren’t sustainable with their limited resources of water, but the fact that they could remain orderly proved that they were composed and reliable in any situation. 
	Despite it being their last day here, the four soldiers assigned as security detail were among their brothers and sisters in the line up.  Powell walked along the front of the 
lines.  Four soldiers lined up behind their squad leader, across eight columns to count forty.  In everyone’s eyes the faces of Irving and Victor looked back. 
	Powell stopped at the end of the line. “You look on edge this morning,” 
	Staring into the crowd, Victor let a sigh escape. “It’s hardest to say goodbye,” he whispered after turning his gaze away. 
	“Then don’t,” the Captain replied. “See you in a couple of years, that works just as well.” 
	“What’s to say you won’t be here in a couple of years?” The Second Lieutenant tilted his head to the side. 
	Irving nodded, failing to consider this thought.  He honestly expected their return once the camp no longer required assistance.  Not once did his mind cross being evicted from their small sect of the Army station. “If we aren’t here…we’ve probably fought to the end,” he admitted. “This is my home.  I’m not about to give it up.  Not for the living, not for the dead.” 
	“Good luck,” Vic shook hands with his Captain, an action he probably wouldn’t ever find the chance to do again. 
	Irving nodded his head, “Stay vigilant, Lieutenant.” His throat cleared to address the platoon. “Ears up!  Second Lieutenant Markham is taking a squad with our guests from Arizona.” 
	The voice of a soldier perked up inside the ranks. “What for?”
	Irving spun his head to face the one who questioned him.  It wasn’t out of anger.  These men barely knew what happened beyond the daily outside routines.  One working 
up the courage to question a Captain was worthy of an answer. “Some of you may not be aware of this.  Major Warren and his people have run into some hostility back where they come from.  Two of theirs are dead from a recent siege.  Considering their dwindling numbers, I was compelled to assist in any way I could.” 
	“Who’s going?” Another grunt asked. 
	Lexie turned her head to face the speaker a few bodies over. “I’m going,” she answered with a smirk on her face. 
	While a number of soldiers turned their heads and uttered words of grief or anger at Lexie’s decision, another raised his hand.  His skin was darker than most of the African American soldiers in the line, but his voice proved of middle-eastern descent. “As am I.” Farad holding the grade of Sergeant, lowered his hand after several eyes turned to see him.
	Last in the group to go was a mystery to everyone for only a short time. “Yeah, me too.” Spoke another, a large-frame black male named Wayne, the patch of Corporal on his vest.
	Before the conversations could build, Irving spoke again. “It is not important when they return, only that they’re leaving today.” His eyes slid across the landscape, where the orb of gold pierced over the distant mountains. “This is your last chance to see them off.” He turned to Markham, “Lieutenant.” 
	“Captain,” Vic nodded before his gaze shifted to the crowd.  Through several faces he made out the auburn hair.  She saw his eyes connect with his.  All the sounds seemed to fade from the world around them.  Not wasting another second to chance, the Lieutenant walked through the crowd to reach her.  She returned him the same gesture, squeezing through two parties to find clearance. 
	“This must be that change you were talking about.” she smirked. 
	Vic returned her a thin smile. “I was expecting more along the lines of A-10s or Blackhawks.  But this can go just as well, or a lot worse.” 
	Lexie sensed doubt in the Lieutenant’s eye. “You scared?” 
	“Only for you.” The two walked away from the group, soon disappearing around an adjacent corner. 
	“I’m surprised you put me on this team,” Lexie stated as she opened one of the doors. 
	“Why?” Vic removed his helmet. “I couldn’t bear to be apart from you.  And who knows how long it’ll be until we come back?” 
	“If we even come back,” Lexie noted. “What’s to say this could lead to our destruction?”
	Victor kissed her on the lips shortly. “Tempting fate is what makes life worth living.  Death is going to come for us one way or another.  Maybe die in the next siege, maybe live out this infection.  Truthfully, I don’t think I could stand to grow old.” 
	“You’ve never tried,” Lexie smirked, kissing him back.  She reached for the button just below his neckline. 
	“Lexie, hold on.  An hour from now, we’ll probably be on the road.  We don’t have the time.” 
	She sighed. “There’s always time, Vic.  You just have to stop counting.” Lexie slid the button loose.  Victor allowed himself a smile before locking lips with her. 
	On the other side of the base, Derek walked with a head held high, both hands wrapped around the grip of two assault carbines.  Beside him, Jacob held the M82 sniper 
system over one hand while 30 pound ammo box swung in his left hand.  He shot a stare at the other, who returned a proud smile back to him.  As they reached the RV, Jacob stopped at the door. “Thanks, Derek.” 
	“For what?” Derek leaned one rifle against the RV to open the door. 
	“You were the only one who trusted me.  For all we knew, Fort Carson could have been emptier than a desert.” 
	Derek scoffed, his eyes shooting from one building to the next. “Yeah,” he considered the actual size of the entire base. “Too bad I couldn’t see it in its prime.” 
	Behind them, Zack along with Mitch and Terrence were carrying out two rifles apiece.  Few had taken the time to look at anything besides assault rifles.  Military grade 
snipers required a skilled hand to shoot accurately in a combat situation.  Few were capable of such actions.  Shotguns didn’t have the effective range to prove useful.  Pistols for the most part were flashy, but didn’t offer any real advantage anywhere but indoors.  One other concern was determined in ammunition.
	Zack and Mitch took a moment to pause and catch their breath inside the RV.  Zack chuckled to himself.  Mitch caught the gesture, “What’s so funny?”
	“Did you see who’s coming back with us?” Zack asked.
	Mitch nodded, “Yeah, what about them.”
	“Nothing, I just think it’s funny.  The diversity of our new companions.”
	Mitch tilted his head and thought about it.  He smirked, “I’m not going to lie, I’ve seen stranger things.”
	Zack scoffed, “Like what?”
	“Zombies.” Mitch shrugged before stepping out of the truck
	Jacob felt rude taking so much off the shelf despite Irving’s gratuitous allowance.  But everyone’s safety was at risk back home.  What was to say another attack wasn’t 
happening that very minute? 
	The cool, damn weather of a mid February day brought Robert to a calm wake.  He’d found the sleep that eluded him the previous night via deprivation.  Replaced by the mourning in every waking moment, Nicole’s eyes as blue as the sea were drowning him in memories.  The last thing he wanted to see was her speaking to him in times that no longer mattered.  Waking his eyes, he’d almost fallen into a ruse believing she was alive.  Instead, his eyes woke to see an empty space where she had slept with him the last five months. 
	Flashing his eyes closed brought back another vision, but one of completely opposite the taste.  An evil face breathing down the gold tresses of her hair, the echo of 
a revolver…famous last words.  Rob clenched his teeth, fighting back his grief.  Over the last two days, his depression had brought him to starvation, dehydration, and a multitude of other empties.  Nothing remained inside but the blood, the bones, and the flesh. 
	What may have been Robert last week had been thrown out the window.  His entire perspective had been corrupted in the blink of an eye.  Where the calm, happy silence of a possible survival scenario had existed a few months ago, Robert’s mind screamed in agony today.  Last year, Robert Caldwell was nothing but a retired soldiers and a custodian.  Today he was reborn, baptized by the wake of hell’s fury with one motive fueling his instinct for survival: revenge. 
	Lifted out of bed, his body weight alone felt heavier.  Like ten times the mass had been thrown over his shoulders.  Such the feeling when burdened with losing a loved one.  Still settled on the bed stand, Nicole’s diary collected a few specks of dust.  His eyes never determined the perception of what lied beneath the vent grating.  Out of sight, out of mind, a document that couldn’t feast itself to his vision. 
	Robert removed himself from the cabin.  It was still early, at least twenty minutes before anyone else would be getting up. “Hmm,” he leaned forward, hands on the wooden rail while his eyes pierced the tree line.  No words needed to be spoken, there was nobody to talk to but the wind. 
	His path was soon followed by Chris.  Rather that remain in his own house, he’d chosen the company of co-workers to solitude.  The luxuries of life didn’t come by monetary stature but rather by the people who surrounded you.  These days money had no real value besides kindling for the fire.  Chris stepped around the bend when his eyes caught the dark red hair peeking under the cap. “You’re up early,” Chris leaned his back against the adjacent rail. 
	“Couldn’t sleep,” Rob admitted.
	“I’m sure Dan left some sleeping pills somewhere--” 
	“I don’t want to sleep,” Robert interrupted. “My eyes don’t close without seeing Nicole.” He turned to face Chris. “Would you be able to?” 
	The supervisor dipped his head with a solemn thought rising.  Rob didn’t expect a response to generate. “You remind me of myself.” 
	“That doesn’t make me feel optimistic,” Rob managed to joke. 
	“Six years ago, I was in the same boat.” The faint grin faded from Rob’s face. “My wife Karen had a malignant tumor growing in her brainstem.  By the time anyone realized what was happening, there was no going back.  Then again, the doctors said there was no way her death could have been prevented beforehand either.”
	Rob took a deep breath. “You never talk about Karen…to tell you the truth, I never knew you were married.” 
	Chris glanced down at the gold band still encircling his ring finger. “You never spotted the ring.” 
	“I don’t know if you recall, Chris, but on average we spent fifteen minutes together throughout a workweek.  I showed up for work and I did my job.  Our talks didn’t travel into personal territory.  I thought that was sacred ground.” 
	“Anyway,” Chris dodged the fact of their work relationship. “There was only one major difference between you and I.  The doctors gave her six weeks to live when the cancer spread.  She lost her legs and couldn’t leave the hospital…so I stayed with her.  I had all the time in the world, knowing that it would soon come to an end.” 
	Robert shook his head. “I thought you couldn’t spend a night away from this place?” 
	Chris licked his lips. “After she died, I put work in my way.  It doesn’t sting so much to think of her anymore.  I don’t know if it’s going to be near as easy for you.  Karen gave me Audrey…I can’t begin to understand how empty you feel.”
	“I wasn’t meant to be a father,” Robert’s head hung below his shoulders. 
	“But you were a father.  For four months, you had a child.  That’s something to be proud of, even if you never had the chance to hold him or her.”
	Rob let out a deep sigh. “She’s dead because of me.”
	“This was never your fault,” Chris stamped his foot. “A monster shot her in the back like a coward.”
	“That man wanted me dead for years.  The same as my Colonel.  Brian killed her because he knew it would destroy me.  He knew she was pregnant, he knew she was mine.  My choice to testify cost me the lives of my wife and child.  I was never meant to be a father.” Robert clenched his fingers around the wooden rails.	
	Chris sighed, “Maybe you’re right.  Maybe the average, dull life wasn’t meant for you…but if that’s so, how the hell did you end up in Overgaard?” 
	Rob removed the cap to brush his hair back. “When I retired from the Army, I wanted to find somewhere I could leave it all behind.  Some people I killed made me a 
security risk.  Guns trained on me everywhere I went, more than half my own side ready to take me off the playing field.  Other people just wanted me dead for their own reasons.  If I wanted to stay alive, I had to drop off the grid.” 
	“The rest is history?” 
	“Found a nice little part of the forest that nobody wanted, made myself a cabin.  Then, by some fate of chance I ran into this camp on the way out for a hunt.” 
	“I remember that day,” Chris’ face lit up. “Derek was practically on his knees begging for me to give you a job.” 
	Robert tilted his head, “He never said anything about that to me.” 
	“I wouldn’t have either.  It was embarrassing enough, I wish someone caught it on tape.” Chris cleared his throat. “The future could hold anything for us, Rob, remember that.  You don’t realize it, but Nikki showed you something.” 
	“What was that?” Robert asked. 
	Chris smiled. “That you could feel.  The first two years you were here, everybody saw you as the big, bad Army guy.  Everyone but her.” 
	“I had so many chances…but like a fool I pushed her away.” 
	“Everybody makes mistakes.” 
	Robert removed a half empty carton of cigarettes. “Mine just happened to be the worst.” 
	“Now is where you make up for those mistakes,” Chris said. 
	“How?  My wife is dead, nothing can be corrected.  All I can do is shove the tears away and fill my mind with hate.” 
	“If that’s how you must handle it, so be it.” Chris took the cigarette out of Robert’s hands.  He put out the tobacco on the guardrail. “Remember something, though.  In the end, this life won’t matter.  What happened means nothing.  Death is a constant we’re all going to find sooner or later.  And when you reach it,” he patted Rob on the shoulder, “I know she’s going to be waiting on the other side, asking what took you so long.” 
	Robert came clean. “I died once physically, once mentally…but I couldn’t bring it about myself.” 
	“What does that mean?” 
	“I put six bullets in a revolver last night, put the gun to my head, and pulled the trigger six times…but the gun never shot.” 
	Chris smirked. “If that’s true, you might as well take it as a sign.” 
	“A sign?” 
	“You’re not meant to die.  She’s watching over us, watching over our unforeseeable future.  Like a guardian angel.”
	Robert bit his lip. “She was my angel.  The reason I’m still here.” He closed his eyes, a distant memory clear as day.  The dancing lights around an aura of beauty.  Robert could almost see her face through the light.
	“Nicole knew that none of us are immortal.  But she loved you because of what you were doing for all of us, not just for her.  She wanted this place to survive, its what she prayed for every night.” Chris sighed. “We can’t change the past, but every day we endure affects our future.”
	Robert clenched his teeth and forced a hand over his face to hide the tears. “I can’t just let her go.”
	“I don’t want you to let her go.  I want you to embrace the gift she left behind.  That gift is all we have.”
	“What gift,” Robert asked dryly.
	“Hope.” Chris abruptly walked away on a course for the maintenance yard.  Robert recalled the vision again.  An angel waiting for him on the other side.  He snapped loose from his flashback.  Upon blinking back to the present, his eyes caught wind of same hummingbird that frequented this camp even when season was out.
	Spotting the colors before today didn’t relinquish obscure but apparent memories.  But since Nikki’s death, every color seemed to have definition, meaning, and purpose.  He grinned, the shade of yellow matching Nicole’s golden hair. ‘Why did God create hummingbirds?’ Her voice echoed in his ears.  No answer had been given that day, but he thought he found one. 
	“So they could kiss the flowers,” Robert watched the creature swing around the cabin and disappear from his view.  He smirked while eyes rose to the partly clouded sky 
above.  Through the white in the shadows a faint glimmer erupted through the distant pane.  Only Rob had seen this fraction of a shimmer, whether it was real or hallucinated 
wouldn’t dwell in his mind.  To him, it was a sign. “I’ll never forget you, Nikki.” Newfound energy in what had otherwise been a shattered soul kicked in Rob’s heels 
as he removed himself from a blind lean. 
	Departure from Fort Carson underwent a rigorous inspection.  In all, a dozen M4 carbines, the M82 sniper system, two disposable rockets, a spatter of claymores, three composition four satchel charges, and a few flashy pistols fit snug in the rear compartment of the RV.  But even after all the luggage had been fitted the soldiers weren’t ready to say goodbye yet.  Instead, all three of the convoy’s engines and transmissions were checked for faults, just as the tires were inspected for foreign objects or balding tread.  Anything to stretch their time. 
	The morning was hitting ten in the morning.  An hour lapse had shifted in the time zones, which meant they were only one hour off schedule.  Leaving by nine, Jacob expected them to reach home by seven o’clock tonight.  However, the squad of soldiers set to depart from their ranks were still busy saying their goodbyes. 
	Lexie stepped away from a group of her friends.  She happened to be of seniority rank for the eleven female NCOs on site.  Now that charge would fall under another.  As she walked back to the humvee, Derek crossed paths with her. “You okay?” He asked. 
	Lexie nodded. “Just waving everyone off.  What about you?” 
	“Never felt better,” his words couldn’t ring truer.  The confidence of a surviving Army platoon encompassed his person.
	A few yards away, Jacob and Irving spotted each other in the slowly dispersing crowd.  Jacob put a hand forth, “Captain Powell, it’s an honor to have met you.” 
	The Captain threw his own arm over, “The honor is mine, Major Warren.” 
	“Thanks,” he shook vigorously. “Thanks for helping us.” 
	With a nod, “Try to keep in touch.  Good friends are in short supply these days.” 
	“Semper Fi,” Jacob released his grip.  His body turned to face the RV.  Never look back, always remember the last time you did.  A faint glimpse as a final reminder was no way to envision Captain Irving Powell or his troop of 37 soldiers. 
	Three minutes later, the convoy was outside the gates of Fort Carson, following what seemed to be an endless road back home.  Thankfully, not much debris found itself strewn in their path.  Hours passed like minutes with the new company finding itself more relatable than they thought. 
	Leading the pack, Derek took the reigns of the Silverado once again.  Driving could be a bore after an extensive trip.  Past events didn’t offer them much room for 
travel prior, so it was seen more as a privilege to be on the road.  While Zack retook his seat in the back, Daniel had been replaced by Farad.  Zack sat with eyes peering through the windows. 
	Derek glanced back for a moment, spotting the solemn demeanor. “What’s wrong, Zack?” 
	“Broncos never made the playoffs,” he joked with a monotone. 
	“Neither did the Chargers,” Derek scoffed. “Come on, Zack.” 
	“I didn’t want to leave,” Zack answered. “For the first time in the last three months, I felt safe.” 
	Farad laughed. “Strange you felt safe there of all places.  I never did.” 
	“Why’s that?” Zack asked. 
	“We’re way inland, surrounded by major cities in every direction.  All it would take is time before that plague found us.” 
	Derek was confused. “Savannah’s back home.” 
	“I didn’t think about that,” Zack admitted. “It just felt better, getting away from everything.” 
	“Don’t try your luck, everything is about the same here as it is there.” Farad turned to face the window. 
	“What does that mean?” Derek shot across. 
	“Our first two months, we fought enough zombies to last us ages.  They broke down the gate on three occasions.  Where there stands 42, there used to be 57.” 	Derek’s heart shrunk.  In their whole, they’d lost only three people in seven months.  Over in Colorado, five times as many had succumbed to Reaper in two months.  He didn’t want to pursue the regards any further. 
	Following up in a US Army humvee painted pale green, Lieutenant Markham failed to notice his lapel was still unbuttoned.  Across from him Sergeant Gibbs set her 
eyes on the west horizon.  Wayne took up the back seat, already falling into a deep sleep.  Lexie sighed. “It’s been too long since we’ve been outside.” 
	Vic scanned his eyes down the road before taking in the urban density of the CPD they were leaving. “Miss the old days.” 
	“Can’t blame you,” she answered. “Do you think they got out okay?” 
	Leaning one arm on the rest Vic didn’t want to drudge up bad memories. “I don’t know.  I only remember what they look like from the pictures.  Every other memory has faded.  Can you believe that?  Twins, a boy and a girl…and I can’t even remember what one looks like.” 
	Lexie turned her glance over to him. “They were in…Brooklyn?” 
	Vic nodded. “East coast…but whose to say even half that city could be evacuated?  The virus hit Carson by day ten.  Getting eight and a half million people out by planes, trains, and boats isn’t time conceivable.” 
	“Don’t you wish you could go back?” Wayne woke from his sleep. 
	Vic nodded. “Yeah.  To have the opportunity to stop this, or at least get Glenn and Shawn out of harm’s way.” 
	Lexie didn’t answer his question.  All her life it’d been the same, dull routine.  Go to work, go home.  In the Army, it wasn’t much different besides knowing you were still breathing after you stepped onto base.  Now, social order had been erased from the world.  The human race became an endangered species within ninety days of host zero.  In all truth, few realized the epidemic that had consumed a nation in twenty seven days had spread to the rest of the globe in six months.  Only small, remote islands were untouched by the all consuming threat. 
	Jacob finished smoking his last cigarette while the convoy approached the final gas stop made during their drive to the fort.  The call had already been sent in, all personnel had the safety switches off.  All four vehicles stopped at adjacent pumps.  Derek, Farad, and Zack were first to offload with eyes peeled on the store.  They hadn’t found confrontation with zombies here the first time, but that was no reason to let their guard down. 
	Shortly on their back Victor led the other two.  The six formed a line as they neared the door.  Derek switched out the rifle in his hands for the SIG.  He’d never trade off this pistol for another, not even military standard issues.  Old habits are hard to quit.  Clicking on the flashlight, he and Victor were the first to enter the threshold. 
	Back at the pumps, Heather and Justin crossed over to inject the Silverado with gas.  Jacob remained by his own car.  By his side the hose injected to the sixty gallon tank.  His eyes looked across their flat surroundings for any adverse signatures.  Pitches of birds chirping brought him ease. 
	Derek shined his light behind the counter.  Naught but the plaid tile occupied the floor.  He swung his legs over, activating the pumps like it had become second nature.  Vic heard the sound and followed by lowering his firearm.  Lexie and Farad pushed deeper into the structure.  Wits kept them alert for any changes, but both had stomachs urging for sustenance as the clock ticked past noon. 
	Vic turned his head to face Derek. “What’s your story?” 
	“What do you mean?” Derek looked across the line of cigarette packs, eventually finding the labeled 27s.  Soon after finding it, he jumped back over the counter. 
	“Everybody’s got a story.  Mine, divorced a couple weeks before this infection.  She’s got my two kids over in New York while I’m just getting back from a deployment.  The rest is history.” 
	Their first real conversation beyond the introduction didn’t bring any peace to Derek’s mind. “My son in Vegas hated me until he called to tell me he was infected.  My daughter in San Diego is dust in the wind for all I know.  The rest is history,” Derek walked away from the Lieutenant without another word.
	Vic tilted his head, “What a wonderful character.”
	Lexie leaned in next to him facing the other way, “His spirits aren’t in the right place, Vic, cut him some slack.”
	Crossing paths with Jacob, Derek felt a grin spreading involuntarily over his face. “What are you smiling about?” Jacob asked. 
	“I’m glad this paid off, Jake.” He tossed the cigarettes to Jacob. “I don’t know what we would have done if Fort Carson was a lost cause.” 
	Jacob pondered it while his lips tugged one of the smokes loose. “Well, there’s a weapons base north of Barstow.  If this didn’t pan out, I’d be willing to try again as soon as we got back home.” 
	“What do you think?  Can we survive the next assault?” 
	The Marine nodded. “We’ve got the tech, we’ve got the soldiers…but if I’m reading this right, another one of us is going to take a bullet.” 
	“Why do you say that?” 
	“Eric saw how much damage we could do when he chose to hit us.  So two things could happen: He could back off, or he could bring more cannon fodder.” 
	“I’m hoping he comes back,” Derek spoke, rage in his eyes. “So I can cut the head off the snake.” 
	“A pinch of hate is healthy the soul,” Jacob reflected. “But don’t let it destroy you.” 
	For the last stretch of the drive, some shifts of drivers and passengers were present.  Derek took the wheel of the humvee while Victor would drive the Silverado.  Sitting in the passenger seat Lexie bit one of her fingernails.  Both Farad and Wayne in the back were absorbed in their sleep.  Lexie took a look in the mirror for a moment. “You don’t talk much, do you?” 
	Derek’s eyes stared straight, looking at the taillights of the RV and keeping a clean hold on the road. “I’ve just been thinking about Bobby.”
	Lexie put the mirror away. “Bobby?” 
	“My cousin.  He’s back at the camp, still trying to swallow it all.” 
	“What happened to him?” 
	“The last three years, this girl from work was trying to get him to open up.  Her name was Nicole.” Speaking her name brought a tear to his eye.  He sniffled, wiping his 
face clean of the depression that her death carved. “A couple months ago, they started to get serious.  Bobby was so happy to tell me he was going to have a kid…what I’d do to see his smile like that again.” 
	“Those guys who attacked you, they killed Nicole?” 
	Derek nodded. “Her face grows more distant from my memory with every passing moment.  Rob’s broken…and I don’t think he can be fixed.  They killed his wife and child.”
	Lexie leaned back in her seat, considering what she’d heard. “Moment of death, moment of rebirth.” 
	“What?” Derek heard some of the words. 
	“Something my dad used to tell me.  The pain of death is instant.  But the pain of living through a death, that leaves a mark forever.  Nobody heals, it just scars over as 
time passes by.” 
	“Sounds like a smart guy,” Derek implied. 
	Lexie nodded. “Yeah, he was.  I’m glad he didn’t live to see the world like this.” 
	“What happened?” 
	“He was a grunt overseas.  That’s why he pounded that in my memory, because he knew he was just as fallible as every other soldier over there.” 
	Derek nodded in silence. “I don’t even think about my parents.” 
	“Where are they?” 
	“Last I heard was years ago.  Divorced, neither wanted anything to do with me.  Just like the rest of my family.”
	“Vic said you had kids.  Do you think either of them made it?” 
	“My son is dead…I hope my daughter found a way to survive.”
	Lexie saw the conversation was taking its toll.  She urgently changed the topic. “How’d you run into Jake?” 
	“He ran into us, actually.” Derek scoffed, “If you’re trying to avoid tragic subjects, you’re off to a rough start.  When Jacob found us, his daughter Alyssa was infected.” 
	“Alyssa,” Lexie heard the name once before but never recognized its importance. “Are there any good things to talk about?  What about some of the people in your camp?” 
	“Well, half of them are only in their twenties.  Katie and I were together until two days ago.”
	“What happened?” 
	“She’s afraid, just like the rest.  Afraid getting close to somebody is just going to hurt one of us more.  Seeing what Rob’s going through, I hate to think she’s right.” 
	“Risks make life worth living,” Lexie answered. 
	Derek smirked, “I never liked fortune cookie quotes until I ran into you.” 
	She smiled, leaning back in her seat. “How long is it?” 
	Driving, he saw them crossing through the town of Holbrook. “An hour at the most.” Examining his clock, he spotted the numbers 5:22. “Almost home,” he whispered to himself.  The fatigue of driving yesterday washed clean with a full night’s sleep.  The return journey managed to hand out a beating just as extreme by the last leg.
	As the convoy made the turn onto the 504, Jacob called it in. “Attention shoppers, two minutes until we’re home.” 
	As one, the three soldiers sleeping in the humvee woke.  None had fallen in too deep.  Their ears could still decipher radio transfer.  Lexie slid her eyes open.  Around 
her, changed from the flat plains a dense forest had consumed. “This is where you live, huh?” 
	“Yeah,” Derek answered. “Hope none of you are allergic to juniper.” 
	Wayne sighed. “Too bad.  I left my pills at home.”
	From the RV, Justin changed the radio frequency. “Emerald Pine, we’re about sixty seconds out.” 
	“Copy that,” Chris’ voice answered. “We could hear you from the highway.  Everyone was running for cover.” 
	“Let them know it’s all clear,” he laid the radio back in the cup holder being used as its rest. 
	Beside him Jacob sparked up another smoke. “Hmm,” he sighed. “Nice warm cot after a filling dinner.” 
	“Since when does a devil-dog like yourself see salad as filling?” Justin shot across the console. 
	A puff of smoke flew through the window crack. “Better than stale chips and beer.” 
	The four-vehicle convoy was welcomed through the gates.  Watching the humvee pass through Chris was somewhat enthused to see Derek driving it. “Wonder what kind of story they’ve got.” He lowered his rifle. 
	Beside, Joe waved at the passing RV. “Can’t wait to hear it,” he slung the rifle over his back.  Closing off the gate, they walked in slow pursuit of the parking convoy. 
	Lexie opened the door, greeted by the setting sun to the west and the cool air of the mountains.  It felt humid, but faint scents of precipitations answered for the different 
smell.  She inhaled deeply while her surroundings were taken in.  The chapel’s cross was the only building she could discern without mistake. 
	Derek removed himself from the driver’s seat. Wayne and Farad weren’t long out.  While the latter two stretched in result of the cramped drive, Derek stepped around. “You’ll get the grand tour when we’ve got sunlight again.” 
	“Can’t wait,” Lexie spotted Victor departing from the driver’s seat of the Silverado.  Their vision crossed, involuntarily drawing them toward one another.  Zack 
stepped out of the GMC.  Only a few feet away he saw Savannah waiting with a smile on her face. 
	Zack crossed the ten foot gap in the blink of an eye.  He took Savannah in his arms. “Damn, I missed you.”
	The two exchanged a kiss before she replied. “How was the trip?” 
	“Eye-opening, to say the least.” 
	“What did Colorado look like?” 
	Zack chuckled. “Green.” 
	Derek shifted his glance.  Soon enough, his eyes matched Robert’s.  The sniper, following his epiphany, took to the wild again.  The soldier removed the headpiece 
of his ghillie suit, nodding his head at his cousin a few yards away.  Something seemed different about this man.  The one he’d seen two days ago was in hell, wishing death 
upon himself.  A faint grin was on his face now, no signs of depression or sickness through his iris. 
	The two united beneath the dining hall awning. “What’s the story?” Rob asked without hesitation. 
	“You look different,” Derek pointed. 
	Robert slid a hand over his face. “I shaved.  Come on Derek, I hate suspense.” 
	“Well,” Derek started. “I thought it’d be a waste going to Fort Carson.  Gotta hand it to Jake for pulling a rabbit out of his hat.” 
	Robert grinned. “I see you found some friends over there,” he nodded to the four people in Army fatigues. 
	“Yeah,” Derek folded his arms. “They had a little more than forty soldiers camped out.  Captain Powell heard about our situation, so he sent a squad back.” 
	“Captain Powell?” Robert smirked. “Irving Powell?” Derek nodded, causing a grin from Rob. “Last I heard from him, he was still First Sergeant Powell.” 
	Derek sighed. “Too bad you didn’t get to see him.” 
	Robert shrugged. “The world’s still young.” Wrapping one arm around Derek’s shoulder, the two started toward the RV. “Let’s meet the new guys.”

Day 214
Connected

 	The air tasted different.  Everything about the environment seemed to have changed.  Temperatures skyrocketed above one hundred degrees, not a hint of humidity surrounding.  As he opened his eyes, what had been a black veil opened to a small shanty.  Peering through the thin hand-woven blanket that covered a single window, burning rays of sunlight.  In the center of the room, a father and son knelt on the floor. 
	Blindfolds covered their eyes, gags secured in their mouths.  Shifting his vision, the viewer discerned the same face of Travis staring right back at him. “Take it,” he lifted an M9 Beretta recently fitted with a sound suppressor.  Robert peered down at the pistol. “Corporal?” 
	“Why?” Rob asked. 
	“I am a United States Army Colonel, you will follow my direct orders without question.” Travis thrust the firearm against Rob’s chest. 
	Fear shrouded his mind.  The Corporal took Travis’ sidearm from his commanding officer’s grip.  His hand trembled as fingers encircled the weapon.  Turning his view back on the unarmed civilians he gulped. “Colonel,” he shook his head, “this isn’t right.” 
	Travis took a step forward. “You’ve already shown me you could hit a target at a mile and a half.  It’s time you earned your stripes.” 
	A shudder passed violently. “With all due respect--” 
	“Put the kid out of his misery…or you can forget about your career.” 
	Rob chuckled. “You can’t do that.” 
	“Watch me, son.  I can have you hitchhiking back home from right here.” The Colonel leaned his back against the wall.  His mouth opened in a wide smile from the 
anxiety in Rob’s eyes. 
	Rob raised the pistol.  His finger slid in front of the trigger.  However the muscle wouldn’t react to the signal sent from his brain.  He couldn’t kill an innocent soul of no 
harm to him.  Only a couple seconds passed. “I’m willing to risk that.” 
	The Colonel dropped to a knee. “You fail the test.” He drew a magnum from his ankle holster.  The click of a hammer, the small squeeze of a trigger.  A deafening shot 
caused Rob to take a set of steps back.  Two feet away, the parent dropped to the floor with a bullet perforated in the blindfold. 
	“What the hell are you doing?” Rob yelled outside. 
	Clicking the prime a second time he plunged another shot through the skull of the child.  A split second after the second body thumped on the floor, Travis ejected both empty cartridges from his reserve pistol. “My job,” he answered while falling on a knee to replace the revolver. 
	“Killing innocent people is your job?” 
	“I’m a patriot, Bobby.  I’m willing to do whatever’s necessary to win…but I’m not so sure you are.” A few seconds in silence were cut by two more riflemen peeking their head through the door. “It’s fine, gentlemen.” Neither of their eyes adapted to the darker setting inside the house.  As they departed, Travis smirked. “Perks of having this eagle on my dress,” he pointed up at the silver medal. “I don’t have to take flak from the likes of you.”
	Robert sighed. “You just committed a double-homicide,” 
	“They don’t call it the wild west for nothing, Bobby.  The sooner you figure it out, the longer you might last.” Without another word to his commanding officer, Robert left the house. “Bobby,” Travis followed him onto the street. “This is gonna stay between us, understood?” Without so much as a word Robert stepped into the driver’s seat of a humvee.  Before he could turn the engine over, he was horse-collared to the dirt ground beneath. “Is that understood?” Travis yelled while pressing his boot over Rob’s neck.  Vision blurred and stars sparkled.  Robert was drifting out of the conscious world when the crack of a high caliber pistol disrupted the Colonel’s intentions. 
	A few feet away, the shoulder patch of Sergeant Major was visible through a thin trail of gun smoke.  George McGill, sidearm drawn, raised to the sky. “Stand down, Colonel!” He yelled. 
	Travis backed away in retreat at the devastating ring in his ears.  Upon seeing an inferior, the Colonel felt himself stronger still. “Back off, McGill!” 
	“Not this time, Travis!” 
	“Colonel Greer!” Travis shot back, “That’s how you address me!” 
	“Not anymore,” George shook his head.  On the ground, Robert cowered in fear.  The Colonel was an unpredictable soldier, but he’d only scraped the surface of Travis’ wrongdoings less than a minute earlier.  Travis felt his own pistol itching to be drawn. “I saw what you did in there,” McGill confirmed. “Sorry, sir, but your actions require consequence.”
	“Where’s your witness?” Travis requested. 
	George glanced down at the ground. “Bobby, you alright down there.” 
	“Hoo-ah,” Rob yelled in reply. 
	Travis grinned. “Don’t do it,” George whispered.  When his prayer didn’t yield a result, George lowered his sidearm to train on Travis. 
	The Colonel’s view swayed to the ground where Robert laid silently.  He could see the fear in Rob’s eyes.  For all he knew, Travis could have put a bullet in his head a dozen times today already. “No NCO is going to pull a gun on me,” he spoke softly enough that only Rob would hear “and get away with it.” 
	Using lightning-quick reflexes, his arm traveled to unbuckle and remove the Beretta from its place.  Before the gun was firmly in his grasp, he retreated with a firm grip around his arm.  Another bullet was fired by George, this time strafing just above Travis’ hand.  The gun fitted with a suppressor kicked up dust upon impact with the floor. “Sergeant Grissom,” McGill yelled. “Call Operations Command, tell them I’m placing Colonel Greer into custody.” 
	“You have no right to do that,” Travis shot across the plane, still clutching his fresh wound. “Grissom,” his eyes shifted to a tall, Hispanic male, “belay that order.” 
The man didn’t respond to Greer’s orders.  He’d seen for himself the brutality of Travis’ act on several occasions prior.  However few had the courage to stand up against such a high-ranking official.  From the moment someone would enlist, they could consider themselves someone’s bitch.  Luckily, Sergeant Major McGill wasn’t so naïve after this many years experience.  For the longest time, he’d been lying in wait for the Colonel to cross the line.  Assaulting someone as green as Rob qualified well enough. 
	The Gunny took several steps forward. “On your feet, Caldwell.” 
	Robert slid himself a few feet away from Travis before lifting himself up. “You need help, Colonel.” Rob felt safe enough to admit openly. 
	“Trust me on this, Bobby,” A Staff Sergeant encircled a pair of steel handcuffs around the Colonel’s wrist. “If you betray me, I’ll make sure you suffer.” 
	Robert turned away from the condemned officer.  He sealed his own fate by greed of power.  The Corporal took the statement as nothing more than intimidating words.  The vision shifted to that fateful day. “Travis told me to make this hurt.” Blackthorne developed a smile. “Good luck.” 
	The blast of the gunshot seized his mind, stirring Robert out of the flashback.  It was still early on a cold, February day, but he’d never seen so much perspiration in this climate.  Wiping a thick stain from beneath his eyes, a deep sigh of relief.  At his side, the same empty patch as had been the last two nights.  His nightmare wouldn’t end.  Nicole was little more than pictures, belongings, and memories.  Finally stabilized, “Just a dream, Bobby,” he heard himself say. 
	Walking outside for a stress-relieving smoke, his nose was already interrupted by the smell of nicotine and tobacco.  A few yards away, his ears could discern two new voices among one of instant familiarity.  His eyes soon greeted those of Jacob first.  At his side, both Lexie and Victor were sharing a cigarette and passing on war stories.  With a grin, Jacob nodded his head toward the new addition. “Man of the hour,” 
	Lexie and Vic both turned instinctively, each waving him off in their own way. “How’s it going?” Robert put his hands on the rails.  Outside, he watched the surrounding darkness fade into a lighter blue. 
	“Just getting acquainted,” Jacob admitted. “Haven’t been around a lot of vets lately.  And both you and Mitch are running out of good material.” 
	Robert smirked.  Out of his pocket the Marine tossed a full pack of cigarettes. “Thought you might want some of those.” 
	“Why?” He took one up. “I’ve been quitting for three years.  I thought cold turkey would work after the virus hit us.  A week later, you showed up.” The four exchanged a short laugh. 
	Absorbing another breath Jacob’s retort “What can I say?  I’m a menace to society.” 
	Lexie tossed a smirk over at Robert.  He unveiled a thin smile in response.  Their nonverbal communication went unnoticed by Jacob and Victor.  The latter redirected 
his gaze upon Rob. “Derek told me about what happened.  How they killed your wife.” 
	Rob didn’t respond, not feeling any way to respond properly.  The damage was done, why keep talking about it. “What’s our ammo count?” 
	“Justin counted the whole drive,” the reply from Jacob. “Leveled out near thirty five hundred.” 
	Clearing his throat, Victor spoke with authority. “I’d like for you to brief our team on the camp layout.  If the next attack is imminent, I don’t want to waste another second on small talk.” 
	“The government’s paying you good money for this small talk--wait,” Jake cut himself off. “That was the nineties.” 
	“Don’t worry,” Rob assured them. “It took them two months after they had sufficient infantrymen before they knocked our door down.  Almost all of the attacking force succumbed to wounds or got out of the combat zone.  We’ve got at least another three days.” 
	He envisioned the crude, sardonic grin that Eric sent to him.  Strangely, no burst of rage spited by this visage.  The urge to kill Eric seemed to wash away from his wishes.  After all, Eric didn’t control the man who had put a gun to Nicole’s fragile body. ‘Travis told me to make this hurt.’ The voice echoed more clearly than Nicole’s departed assurances.  It wasn’t Eric who had caused the blackened hearts of hell’s minions to wreak agony to Robert, but Travis, his former commanding officer. 
	“You look like you’ve seen a ghost,” Lexie spoke up. 
	Robert sighed deeply, “That would be fair to say.”
	Thirty minutes later, the dining hall was filled with the fifteen total combatants.  Not long behind, Derek and Melanie led the last seven residents in pursuit.  Everything 
would be happening in one place on this day.  Plus, meeting new company that proved friendly brought them inner peace. 
	The Marine had taken a seat at the front table.  Dismantled on the table ahead stood his Intervention rifle system.  He didn’t get many opportunities to clean it considering its rarity of use.  Now would be the perfect time to demonstrate proper cleaning of any weapons platform.  Beside that weapon, his sidearm remained fully 
intact.  Number one rule: always have a backup ready for immediate use. 
	Miguel walked down the aisle of twelve identical, shimmering black automatic rifles.  Laying his hand on one, Lexie stepped in front of him. “Welcome to the Army, kid.” At first, Miguel withdrew his hand.  But she encouraged his action. “Pick it up.  You want to shoot, you gotta hold it first.” One hand ensnared the rifle’s grip.  Adapting to its weight, his left reached under the fore-grip.  Feeling the cold run through his fingers made him smile out loud. 
	A few feet down, Joseph noticed there were more heads than guns. “Aren’t we a little short?” 
	The Lieutenant on the other side of the table shook his head. “No, our guns are still in the trucks.” 
	One of Rob’s hands patted Derek on the shoulder.  For the most part, he’d been talking in silence to Zack. “I see you brought something even out of my league,” Rob didn’t have a particular aim on either. 
	Both Derek and Zack laughed. “Did my best,” Derek replied, “figured you’d want something with more kick.” 
	“I like kick,” Robert chuckled, “But I like to keep my shoulder in socket, too.” 
	Outside after Jacob’s speech on proper cleaning and maintenance of a firearm, a sort of firing range had been set up.  Three teams had taken to the soccer field.  Twenty 
yards away, a plank was set on two cinderblocks.  Mounted above, cans and bottles were distributed evenly as five targets per lane.  Taking in the size of the target, Jacob assumed it could be comparable to a human at more than fifty yards.  However, targets didn’t move…and targets didn’t shoot back. 
	Occupying the first lane, Jacob had set up a lawn chair directly beside the first shooter.  Ben was aged, his eyes weren’t all that sharp and detailed.  Through his near-
sighted eyes depth perception became just as cloudy.  Those glasses never seemed to leave his face.  And for good reason. 
	Lifting his weapon to fire his first shot down at the target, Benjamin took a deep breath.  Jacob spotted his composure as eyes focused down the iron sights.  Muscles tensed and froze as he withdrew the breath.  The crack of the gunshot echoed across the campsite.  From a distance, Jacob swung his head down to see a soda can spinning in the air downrange. “Not bad.  You look like you’ve done this before.” 
	“When my contract finished, I was holding Petty Officer Second Class.  They taught me how to shoot the M16.  Remember, the ghetto one with the plastic stock.”
	Jacob laughed in response. “Couldn’t get enough of them in boot.  Nice first shot.  But can you hit the other four with that precision?” 
	“I guess we’re about to find out,” Ben answered before securing the stock on his right shoulder. 
	In the adjacent lane, Justin was first on the line.  His fire wasn’t so accurate as the old man.  However, he wasn’t used to the weapon model in his hands.  The last few months, he’d been trained for use of a .22 with a scope.  Here, everyone was being tested with iron sights on an upgraded system. 
	Watching through a monocular, Markham slid his jaw back and forth after the fourth bullet registered no target movement. “Ease up on the trigger,”
	Taking in a deep sigh, Justin lowered his weapon. “I’m not too good with this gun.” 
	“Just breathe, steady your aim.  If necessary, flex your grip to keep your hands from shaking.” Justin lifted the rifle back up. “Remember, you’re standing up trying to 
hit a four inch target from twenty yards away.  Even the best of us miss.” Justin pulled the trigger after the crosshair ran across one of the cans. 
	No result, “Damn it,” lowering his aim. 
	“Don’t take it so hard on yourself.  There’s three different depths to iron sights and that’s what makes them most accurate.  The front blade, rear aperture, and your perception through the sight.” 
	“You’ve got better shooters than me,” Justin lowered the rifle. 
	“I do,” Vic nodded in agreement. “But we still don’t have enough shooters.  So get good, or hand it off to one of these lovely ladies,” his hand pointed to that of Joe and Wayne also in their troop.  Following the gesture Justin outstretched his arm to hand off the carbine to another. “You’re not excused.  Take a breath, you’ll be back in the hot seat before you know it.” Justin took a seat after Joe accepted the weapon. 
	At the far end, Miguel dropped to a knee to better support the heavier rifle in his hands.  The kid was used to crouching before firing, the only time he’d ever been in a combat situation he was either behind a wall or peeking out a window.  Lexie stood behind with her arms crossed.  At her side, Mitch leaned in. “You like to gamble?” 
	Lexie turned, “Not lately.  Why?” 
	“Just for fun, how many times do you think he’ll miss?” 
	She glanced back.  Miguel tilted the rifle on its axis, looking for the safety mechanism and switching it to off. “No thanks,” she giggled. “He looked ecstatic to hold that gun for the first time.” Proving her right, his first bullet penetrated clean through one of the cans.  Its low impact caused the aluminum container to jump off the plank and spin rapidly. “And I don’t play with an unfair disadvantage.” 
	“What’s that supposed to mean?” Miguel’s second bullet shaved a plastic bottle on the cap.  As a result it fell on its side. 
	Lexie nodded. “You’ve been around him for months, probably years.  I’ve known him for twelve hours.  I never dip my fingers in a game I haven’t researched.” She smirked before walking forward. “You shoot good,” she said after his fourth round hit the fourth target in a row. 
	Miguel nodded. “My dad was an entrepreneur.  I could assemble an M16 in less than a minute by the time I was twelve.  Pops was one of those vets who wouldn’t shut up about the end of the world and how we had to lock and load to prepare for it.” He shrugged. “Who would have thought a senile, post-traumatic stressed Vietnam survivor would be right.”
	Lexie was surprised, as was Mitch. “You never talked about your dad,” Mitch said. “I was starting to think you were an orphan.” 
	“Why?” Miguel rose to a stand with a noticeable grin on his face. “Only a mother could love a face like this?” He chuckled as he returned to his position. “You’re right, my 
dad looked like a bum.  I was lucky to only get half his genes.” His head dropped, cheek squeezed along the rifle’s frame.  The fifth bullet scraped through the last bottle in his lane.  It silently fell to the ground.  Glad with his work, the kid rose to his feet. “Who’s next?” 
	Mitch took the firearm in his own hand.  He’d have to wait until the other targets had been shot down.  Mandatory safety precautions carried out to the tee by the 
Major assumed nobody was aloud downrange until all weapons were safe. 
	Some distance away, Robert and Derek had traveled to Meadowlark to test out their own weapon.  In order to provide targets Zack ran down and set up bottles on the flat cement walkway of Cedar Ridge a little more than an eighth of a mile away.  Their intent was to test the M110 compared to the M82 sniper rifles.  As such, they found use for a few rotten grapefruit as well.  Damage effects could be seen from both impacts. 
	The Barrett sniper rifle was one of the few rifles Robert didn’t find opportunity to shoot during his enlistment.  Now it idled in his arms, waiting for the chance to fire.  All they awaited was Zack’s hasty return across the wide plain.  His travels caused him to disappear among the corn crops for a scant moment. 
	“You might want to cover your ears,” Robert swung his head to face Savannah.  In her hands, she held a pair of binoculars in her hands. 
	Savannah dipped her head. “I think I’ll be fine, but thanks.” 
	“Trust me, Savannah.  This is a fifty cal burning out of a sniper rifle.  Jacob’s .357 doesn’t come close.” He fit two felt pads against his own eardrums.  Seeing the precautions he and Derek were both taking, Savannah jumped out of her seat.  Out of the back of the Silverado, she tossed on a landscaper’s muffler/eye protector.  The visor was thrown on opposite to leave her vision clear. 
	Zack stepped onto the patio.  He still had a few yards, but saw as Robert prone behind the weapon set up on a bipod.  Turning the corner caused him an inadvertent grin. “You look like Darth Vader.” 
	Through the ear protection she deciphered the trademark name and laughed.  Derek glanced back, where he was also briefly enthused by her appearance with the mask. “Ears closed,” Zack nodded as soon as he heard. 
	Silence befell the world around Robert.  Beside him, Derek took the reigns of Rob’s M110 rifle system.  Their eyes dropped behind the lens magnifying their distant 
marks.  Derek slowly adjusted his rifle’s trajectory until his crosshairs lined up against the decrepit fruit. “I’m ready,” he said just loud enough for Rob to hear.  In place of the decreased hearing, the sense of touch took over for him.  He could feel the vibrations of vocal chords bouncing off the wood.  Matching sound to vague word was the hard part. 
	The sniper’s finger looped over the trigger.  His shoulder fit snug, cheek brushing slightly over the stock.  Closing his left eye, all that surrounded his view was the cold enhancing scope.  Both of their sights had been corrected for the distance.  All that remained was to pull the trigger. “On my three.” 
	Zack glanced over at Savannah. “My camcorder’s taping this from one of the dorms up there.” 
	She grinned. “I thought you’d never find a better use for that thing.” 
	Zack chuckled.  He licked his lips and prepared for the weapons to go off.  Robert slowed his breathing considerably. “One,” his eye flashed blood red.  A short hesitation as vision was removed from the rifle scope. 
	Derek spotted the movement through his corner. “What’s wrong?” 
	“Nothing,” Robert returned to his gaze. “Two,” this time the scene viewed Robert aiming down Eric with his own gun. 
	Eric shook his head. “It’s not that simple, Bobby,” his crude smile.  As quickly as his face appeared it was gone.  Ahead of him, the grapefruit still waited for its calamity. 
	A moment passed in silence where he closed his eyes.  Then, a veil of white flooded all. “Hey, Bobby.” The voice was familiar, but so distant at the same time. 
	Robert turned around.  Everything around him was white, encompassed by light, shrouded from outer view.  He recognized her voice but couldn’t stand to be truly hearing her speaking to him.  She was dead now.  This would be but a memory. “Nikki?” Strange, it seemed, he retained full use of free will even in a flashback. 
	“How’s everybody doing?” The blonde stepped into his vision through the light.  Upon seeing him, she smiled. 
	Robert crossed his view to face her. “God, I miss you.” 
	“I know.” Rob was confused.  She took a few more steps toward him.  However, even within a few inches of his face, she had no warmth to her person.  Her person was 
his imagination…or was it? “We miss everyone, too.” She smirked. “I see you got yourself a new gun.” 
	He withdrew a deep sigh. “A present from Derek.” 
	“He always was the nicest guy,” she dipped her head, almost as if she knew something. 
	“What?” 
	“Nothing,” she shook her head. “How have you been since…” 
	“I haven’t been able to sleep,” Rob admitted openly. “We had no time.” 
	“We have all the time in the world, Bobby.” Her head turned right. “That new girl, Lexie.  She’s pretty cute.” 
	Robert shook his head. “Wait, what’s happening.” 
	She chuckled. “It’s a long story,” Nicole grinned. 
	“This is my fiction,” Robert convinced himself. 
	“Believe what you want.  I told you I would be with you through life and death.  Now I can prove it to you.” 
	Robert tried to return to normalcy.  However, the vision had become one with his mind.  More than just a little daydream. “That bird.” 
	“Take in what you can, Bobby.  Everything was made for a reason…I heard your answer for that question.” 
	Robert grinned. “What’d you think?” 
	“You’re the only one who got it right.” She stepped toward him. 
	Robert swirled his arms around her torso. “I thought you said there was no real answer.” 
	“Maybe I lied,” She reached in, locking lips with him.  The kiss didn’t have physical touch, warmth, pleasure.  But whether it was just a hallucination or pure spiritual condolence didn’t matter.  Their final kiss had been completed, the two secured as an eternal bond. “I’ll be waiting with Lance.  He looks just like you.  But promise me one thing, Rob.” 
	“Anything.” 
	“Don’t sulk, don’t cry over my grave, don’t make me cry back.  You’ve still got a life to live.  It’s going to be hard.  I can’t say the journey ahead is going to be easy.  There will be a great deal of suffering before we meet again.  But I know now…” she closed her eyes with a wide smile, thinking in silence. 
	“What do you know?” 
	“He chose you for a reason: to be their guardian.  To get them through the worst and guide them away from evil.” 
	“Nothing happens by coincidence.” Robert turned away from her. 
	“You were always my hero.  Now it’s time to be everyone else’s.” She walked around and wrapped her arms around him.  Feeling the light drag, Nikki removed herself. “Take care of yourself, Robert.” 
	“Three,” Robert pulled the trigger as soon as he spoke.  His shoulder felt the recoil of the substantially heavier bullet.  A short run away, what had once been a grapefruit disintegrated into millions of molecules upon the fifty caliber’s impact and velocity.  Nothing remained but a wet spot on the concrete.  Examining the damage done to 
the apple, Robert was intrigued to see the 7.62 had carved a hole thorough enough to cut the target in half.  Both sides spun on dried peel.  Robert lifted himself from 
the scope.  With a smile, he glanced over to Derek. “We’re ready.”

Day 276
Never Back Down

 	Cool, damp wind chilled the rough sketch of Jacob’s figure.  Two months since they’d been attacked, the mood had changed.  The second siege was imminent, and guarantees of more conflict ran a shiver down everyone’s spine.  Only this time, they were prepared.  Regardless of the measures taken, even Jacob contemplated his end.  Precautions didn’t make anyone bulletproof, no matter how many layers were coated over the cake. 
	Sitting in the dining hall vent unit alongside, Derek wiped a smudge from his rifle scope. “Nice day,” he commented on the temperate climate. 
	“If you say so,” Jacob replied.  Not a day went by since the first blow had been struck that Jacob let his guard down.  Inconveniently, only time everything went to shit 
was the same time he took a sigh of relief. 
	“You’re a lot different than I remember.” 
	Jacob lit a cigarette with a match. “I would say the same about you.” 
	Derek smirked. “Did you ever think it would be like this?” 
	“I was always ready to cut short the lives of evil men.  That was my job for more than thirty years.  But I never figured I’d be killing living people instead of the undead threatening humanity’s existence.” 
	Derek set his rifle against the blinds. “Something’s been on your mind since Fort Carson.  What is it?” 
	Jacob sighed, “When I first came across this camp, neither me nor Alyssa knew what was going on.  Once she learned she was going to die, Ally made me promise her one thing…” Jacob didn’t continue, instead wiping his eyes. 
	Derek didn’t want to press the issue if it would down Jacob.  But curiosity got the better of him, “What did she ask?” 
	Jacob remembered her voice clearly as the last time he heard it. “Survive with these people,’ she said. ‘My time may be up, but you crossed paths with the outpost for a 
reason.  Help them, guide them to your dying breath…and I will guard you from above.” With another exhale from his smoke, he looked up at the full moon glimmering bright as the midnight sun. “I failed to keep that promise.” 
	For the first time, Derek found himself putting faith before science, a facet he never expected to discover. “Everything happens for a reason.  Maybe we were meant 
to see the lengths they’d go, so we’d be able to answer proactively.” 
	“Life is only as omnipresent as death,” Jacob spoke honestly. “I just wonder why death meets more innocent than guilty.” 
	Derek slid his teeth together. “Nobody could have--” he cut himself off.  Multitudes of automobile engine roars less than a mile away. 
	“They’re back,” Jacob injected bullet one down the chamber. 
	Before visual contact was made by either, Derek’s voice flooded every microphone turned on in the camp. “All units, we have incoming.” 
	Robert ascended the rope to the climbing tower less than thirty seconds later.  Settled on a bipod, the Barrett M82 laid atop the crows nest. “Copy that,” he replied, 
falling into prone posture with his right shoulder snug against the butt stock.  Before he sent traffic, Chris called in emergency procedures for noncombatants. 
	“This is Vic,” the Second Lieutenant followed, “We’re in position at the program building, over.” 
	Ten strides away from the Lieutenant, Staff Sergeant Gibbs looked out at the meadow.  At her side, Farad topped off his magazine with the two bullets left over in his pack. “You look tense,” he said, noticing her unsteady breath. 
	“It’s been a long time since somebody shot back at me.” Lexie replied, clicking off the safety for the M4 carbine in her hands. “Even longer since I had to defend innocent people.” 
	“I thought that’s what brought you here,” Vic spoke from across the room. “Defender of the people,’ that’s your name, right?” Lexie shot him a perplexed look. “Come on now, I ain’t just another dumb grunt.” 
	“What are you doing here, then?” Wayne asked, having barely returned from the room. 
	“Captain’s orders,” Markham’s answered. 
	Lights flashed across the small clearing on the forest service road.  Jacob scanned, counting as nine sets of headlights flash by. “Confirm, nine vehicles heading for the gate.  Derek sent the message while Jacob’s aim shifted to the front gate. 
	An occupant of the lead truck rose to a stand in the shaky flatbed.  Fifty feet stood between him and the gate, closing fast.  In his arms, he steadied the direction of a loaded rocket launcher.  Ignition of the propellant shot the warhead in a spiral.  It’s flight swung parallel to the ground, the added velocity pushing it faster as the tip smashed into the fiberglass repair. 
	Jacob had to remove his eye from the scope when the gate suffered impact, shredded to pieces in a fireball.  Derek didn’t hesitate when the explosion rocked his ears.  He rose his weapon, firing three successive shots at the white Dodge hemi leading the pack.  As the glass shattered, the driver pumped the gas with intent to escape the gunfire.  Hearing the engine’s RPM skyrocket, Jake sent his first shot. 
	The bullet tore into the window, hitting soft flesh of the pilot’s neck.  Resultant of the kill shot, a collision with the dining hall shook the snipers’ perch.  Derek’s aim shifted to the next car in line, barely passing the chapel.  A blue Ford Excursion made his finger hesitate on the trigger.  No visibility crossed the license plate, but he considered it too coincidence.  His fourth round put a jeep to a quick stop from irreparable damage to the engine block.  Before the jeep had come to a complete stop all four occupants fled.  Their immediate response sent automatic gunfire back in the direction of muzzle flashes. 
	Jacob and Derek dropped to the deck with first responding gunshots.  Only inches above, lines of holes carved cleanly through the thin wooden planks of the air conditioning unit’s blinds. “Get out of here,” Jacob yelled over the whizzes of shots and thumps they made hitting the far wall. “I’ll be right behind you!” 
	Derek wouldn’t decline such an offer.  Their role as the first line had inflicted enough damage to slow almost a quarter of their opposition’s ranks.  A space of relent in 
enemy fire offered both a moment to rise.  While Derek sprinted into the attic door, Jacob rose to launch another shot.  One last projectile sent earned the Marine a kill to another driver and a dozen responsive 7.62s shaving less than an inch from his head.  Immediately, he pursued Derek in retreat. 
	A couple hundred meters away, Robert took the second line on his own.  He predicted the heavy caliber of the M82 sniper system would transfer over against manpower.  It was created for anti-material purposes, but it’d do just as good a job against hostile targets.  The first two bullets were out of range.  Beyond that, the recoil of the rifle was more pronounced than the M110 he was used to.  Rule of three, his third shot blew a gaping hole in the Landrover directly behind the Excursion. 
	With the shockwave of the instant, the truck lost traction.  The rear tires put the Landrover into a sideways slide until blacktop caught it.  Rolled onto its roof, Rob’s eyes spotted the gas tank.  He threw his next shot at the tank.  Shortly after the .50 BMG broke into the metal tank, it ejected through the other side.  Contact metal to metal caused the spark, exploding the vehicle from the tank outward.  The carcass burned in a mass of fireballs, skidding to a slow halt on its roof. 
	Reacting to the loss of another, shooters in the following vehicles leaned out from the windows and stood up in the flatbeds.  Their fire may not have been accurate, but rate of fire could easily compensate for their inability to aim.  Still effective, seeing the tracers rip wide, Rob lined up another shot with the following SUV.  The burning truck took up the roadway, forcing a slow detour around it.  Given the opportunity of a slowed target Rob corrected his crosshairs before launching the bullet.  The tires skidded, locked during transit as the combustion engine suffered a hole. 
	In just six bullets, Robert had demoralized the approaching enemy faction.  Yet they showed no signs of slowing down.  The remaining four vehicles left in the group pushed forward.  Two of such broke off, following the pathway to the climbing tower.  Eight gunmen left the convoy spraying artillery at the top of the tower.  By the time they started Rob had rappelled down the other side.  His back against the wall, he peered out.  The darkness of night compiled with the shadow of the structure made him invisible to their eyes.  The odds didn’t stack well for his liking, but they were in his favor for now.  Their contingency plan before the final stand was going through the steps quicker than anybody trained for.
	Rob sprinted from his cover, staying out of the sight of the eight man patrol for a few seconds.  But in the blink of an eye, peace got thrown from the window.  Projectiles 
peppered the trees surrounding him and the forest floor kicked up debris with just as many reverberating gunshots.  Despite the superior foes shooting at him, Rob didn’t stop.  Stopping would be suicide, just as much as running away.  Luck shined on him once again, as his attackers couldn’t hit a moving target. 
	Twenty meters away, Rob dove under the tarp as shots continued to rip.  The echo of gunfire scattered across fifteen meters, closing in on him fast.  Moments after adapting to his blink of peace, he turned his eyes.  Both drivers of the second group chose to remain in their vehicles, continuing on toward the cabins.  It gave him another chance to make up.  Rob clicked the end of cord leading across the roadway only a few meters away. 
	In an instant, the concussive noise brought his ears to a high pitched hum.  The force of the blowback actually knocked Bobby off his feet.  He raised himself, looking at 
the destruction that had been done.  Both the SUV and Crew Cab were engulfed in flames twenty feet high.  That had a lot more force than anybody even thought.  His attackers’ gunshots faded with the detonation.  Perhaps they’d suffered the same shockwave and were recovering. 
	Ten meters ahead, Eric stopped the car on the other side of the bend.  His hand held the wheel of the blue Excursion, his eyes focused on the fireball rising in the sky. “What happened?” 
	A straggler examined the wreckage only a few yards away. “They blew our rides to hell!” He yelled over the radio. 
	Eric contemplated, turning his eyes to face the cabins on the opposite side. “We’re pushing forward.” 
	“Do what you want,” the hooded man said. “But my guys aren’t going down like this.  We’re getting out.” 
	“You only live once,” he spoke to his passenger, stomping the gas pedal. 
	Night outside still shed some light.  But beneath a roof, only the scantest traces of moon and starlight peered through the windows.  Derek opened his eyes, backed against a wall as three men carrying AK-47s stepped past him.  His heart pumped out of control with suspense, but his breath managed to steady itself.  The third lingered, looking out an adjacent window.  Derek lifted his arms.  He treaded softly against the tile to cut the life of his opponent short. 
	His right arm clamped over the suspect’s mouth while his left wrapped around and clutched his right shoulder.  Barely having touched him, Derek torqued his grip.  The rapidity of the gesture snapped his foe’s vertebrae loose.  Derek quietly lowered the limp body to the floor.  Dead or paralyzed, didn’t matter to him.  Just one less problem to deal with, as he drew the SIG from its holster. 
	After going downstairs, Derek and Jacob split up.  Both took to the darkness, and Derek couldn’t see Jacob to save his life.  Little did he know, Jacob had a constant sight 
of his teammate.  Derek took the first few steps, peering his head into the dining hall.  Four men were split up among the tables checking each aisle with flashlights.  One was split off farther from the group.  The assassin glanced at the weapon in his arms.  His eyes confirmed the silencer was still attached.  Derek lifted his aim, focused on trying for a single shot. 
	Having let off the shot, two of the opposites reacted immediately to the faint whistle dispersed at their six.  Two shotgun shells pumped loudly, splintering the corner with buckshot.  Derek withdrew, feeling the singe scrape alongside his left arm.  Their eyes all turned the opposite direction.  Jacob opened his eyes, clicking back the hammer for a Desert Eagle in his left and a Blackbird in his right.  He could handle the recoil of both easily enough. 
	The response to one of theirs being lost didn’t sustain, all cut short of ejecting their full magazines.  One of the soldiers carefully raised arms.  Several paces back, Jacob walked down one of the aisles.  His eyes discerned the farthest back trying to flank wide.  Cutting him off in the middle of his walk, Jacob raised the .357 just as his opponent stepped within breathing distance.  The shell ejected a fraction of an inch away from his mark, putting him on the floor instantly. 
	Both gunmen fell flat on the floor with the pounding shot ringing their ears.  Jacob stepped around the edge, lifting both and firing without relent on his two opponents.  He ran toward them.  His left hand tossed out every shot at the left gunman in quick succession while Jacob had to pull the hammer back with every shot he fired from the Blackbird.  A ten foot run, all but two shell casings were empty. 
	Peering out from behind the corridor, Derek looked to face Jacob.  Even his ears were hurting from the successive high-caliber detonations that shook nearby windows to crack.  Derek sighed, “Glad you showed up.” 
	Jacob nodded, “You make a great distraction.” 
	“I’ll take that as a compliment.” 
	From behind the two, one of the downed gunmen laid flat on the ground.  His hand gripped his own pistol, but he’d suffered three shots trying to let it off.  The dying moment had come.  He raised the gun in his arm, looking uneasily from his flat position. 
	Jacob slipped a cigarette from his ear.  He leaned his head down to ignite it by another match. “We should get back to--” Derek’s eyes went wide, the grip of his pistol firing only a few inches from Jacob’s face.  The Marine jumped back as a brass casing hit him in the eye.  A few feet away, the decisive bullet had been delivered, breaking into the downed gunman’s skull.  Derek let a sigh fall from his breath.  Jacob’s neck swiveled until vision trained over the new development. “I’ll take that as a compliment,” he joked. 
	“Let’s get to it.” Both took care upon leaving the dining hall.  There was no telling how many were out here.  Gunshots rattled in the distance toward the climbing tower.  Straight ahead, he spotted two pairs of headlights circling the crops toward the cabins.  Their final stand had been reached.  Derek sprinted ahead, Jacob only a few strides behind as they brushed through the crops with ease. 
	By the time the Excursion and its partner truck had reached the program building, Victor’s squad was already tossing fire downrange.  First order of business was to keep 
them from getting away.  One by one, the tires were flattened by coordinated fire.  Eric ducked down when one of the Excursion’s windows shattered. “Damn it,” he glanced down at the tires.  This was a mistake on his part, and he could see himself suffering for pushing forward. 
	Lieutenant Markham ejected an empty magazine, falling to a crouch beneath the windowsill.  Beside him, Corporal Felton raised his own weapon to fire.  He released three shots before a bullet scraped his thigh.  Wayne dropped down, siphoning the pain and trying to stay composed.  It didn’t hurt enough to put him out of commission.  Slowly, he pressed himself against the wall beside his commanding officer. “You good,” Markham asked, peering out to see a line of nine men spreading out across the roadway. 
	Wayne nodded.  His hand pressed on the small piercing of the skin.  It was bleeding, but no major organs had been hit.  At the rate it expunged the wound would coagulate in two minutes. 
	Only a few strides away, Lexie and Farad had their sights peeled over the twenty foot gap.  She fired the rest of her clip as an opposing rifleman raised to launch a volley.  No contest, the drone stumbled to the ground.  Her peripheral caught another hostile being downed a few meters to the right.  Blind fire shot across the roadway in response put the two to instinctively drop.  Lexie took a deep sigh, feeling the burn of a tracer slide under her chin.  Holes enshrined the program building, where the four-man team had taken up a line of defense. 
	Wayne released the pin from a grenade, launching it through the broken glass after cooking the fuse for two seconds. “Frag out!” he yelled on his way to the ground.  Hearing the warning, the four took cover and waited.  The spherical device sailed across a fifteen foot gap, falling just short of the other side of the road.  However the momentum wasn’t lost as it rolled another few feet.  Parking against a tire, the fuse ran short. 
	Its detonation lifted the chassis off the ground, spinning it through the air until it landed inverted several yards away.  Three hiding behind the truck had been incapacitated by either the blast or the truck’s path.  Eric turned his head on a swivel.  As the flaming  wreckage followed an arc to solid ground, his gaze diverted from the battlefield raging about them. 
	Jacob stepped around the corn crops, the .357 in hand.  Beside him, Derek had taken the other pistol in his own.  The two didn’t realize their proximity until it was too 
late.  Stepping out of a row, Jacob momentarily offered his body to the sights of his opposition.  Bullets darted around him, forcing the Marine to duck back behind the vegetation.  Perforations ripping through the stalks of corn, dropping plant matter to the ground. 
	Five feet over, Derek didn’t exit the edge of the crops, instead firing from inside the cover.  He failed to register the short clip of his weapon and the recoil it was prone to.  Not even counting to double digits before the weapon registered a click in place of a bullet’s ejection.  Gunfire aimed at Jacob’s recent locale shifted to the muzzle flashes of Derek only a second after he dropped to the floor to reload. 
	Eric scanned his team.  What had once been a squad of nine disembarked from two trucks, only four carried weapons.  Behind him, he spotted a single headlight and the motor of a dirt bike cutting into the fields.  Suddenly, two sets of automatic flashes from high capacity weapons fire joined the dirt-bike’s headlight.  Duct taped to the handlebars, two automatic pistols securely spit out magazines of fifty small-caliber bullets.  Falling beneath the vegetation, Eric heard as multiple gunshots ripped though the truck like butter. 
	At the other end of the plain, the lead passenger fit another shell down the barrel of his shotgun.  Jacob finished sliding the last two rounds into his revolver.  As he rose, the bearer of the shotgun threw it above his ridge of cover.  The unexpected blast put Jacob in a momentary state of shock.  He’d taken a hit, and it felt like a doozy.  Falling back, he loosened the grip of the Blackbird.  His body trembled from the sudden trauma. 
	Derek didn’t notice his teammate fall to the ground at first.  His vision only cut from the four enemy combatants facing them when no more gunshots registered from the revolver. “Jake?” Derek yelled over the sound of gunfire.  Approaching quickly, the automatic fire of the motorbike buzzed in his ears.  Across the span of five feet, he found Jacob loosely gripping several perforations to his arm.  One such projectile had caused enough damage to cut an artery open. 
	Jacob looked into the stars lighting the sky before Derek’s eyes flooded in his vision.  Tracers flew only a couple inches above, but Derek didn’t fault.  He removed his own belt, tying it off above the wound. “Jake,” he said loud into the Marine’s ear. “Can you hear me?” Jacob’s hearing wasn’t distorted, but he didn’t show any signs of change in his character.  Could this have been the way he’d go out?  Jacob slid his eyes shut. “Damn it,” Derek rose the unconscious man over his shoulders. 
	In a fireman’s carry, Jacob hung loosely in Derek’s grip.  The world around him seemed to be fading.  He’d lost a lot of blood, the shotgun shell had done a lot more damage than Derek believed.  Already, his vision blurred and his head ached.  Derek couldn’t fail now, feeling the heart of his comrade beating slower and slower with every 
foot up the hillside.  His exploit of the hillside gave him a less-than-clear-cut method of returning to the cabins while staying out of the line of fire.  He soon arrived at the cabins with Jacob’s body in his arms. 
	First to meet him at the door, Katie helped carry the injured marine to a mattress on the floor.  Derek spotted Daniel checking the wound.  Blood was still spraying lightly, enough to spread over his brow.  Dan wiped the blood away. “I can handle this.” Daniel fit a pair of gloves over his hands. 
	Derek nodded, heading for the door. “Wait,” Katie grabbed his wrist.  He accepted her, planting a kiss on her lips. “Good luck,” she waved.
	Back down at the frontline, Eric determined there to be no other choice.  To conceal their movement, a smoke grenade had dispersed along the roadway.  Prevailing winds had obscured the infantry team inside from further visual.  On the other side of the cloud, Robert continued to fire shots at random through the smoke.  Lexie looked out the window, unaware of the conversation happening only a few feet away. 
	Eric slid a cylindrical device from his pack.  He spoke to his troop of three loyal followers. “We’re cut off.  Follow my lead, and we might get out of this alive.” He rose to his feet, removing the pin from the flash grenade in his grasp.  Starting into a sprint, the device shattered one of the windows to the program room. 
	Lexie spotted the device’s impact and heard its roll across the cement flooring. “Cover your eyes!” she screamed, ducking away from the incapacitating device. 
	Neither the Second Lieutenant or the Corporal heard the scream.  When it detonated, white sensors flooded in their eyes while an ominous ring struck through the air.  Nobody inside the building heard the bullets as they came through the door.  A sudden burst of pain as four gunshots blew through Vic’s gut in rapid succession. 
	Lexie still had some discoloration to her eyes.  Her gaze shifted around the corridor.  Flat on the ground, her eyes met those of her commanding officer.  Breath fleeted his lungs for the last time.  She didn’t know where his killer had struck, but she didn’t accept his loss without repercussion.  Lexie turned with her loaded rifle in arms.  Two men punched through the door, Kalashnikovs at the ready in their arms.  She blew a burst through each of them, yelling in hate at the actions they had done and the life they had ended. 
	Both dropped with no contest.  Outside, Eric and the last gunman froze upon seeing their leaders inside get decimated.  Spinning about, Eric’s eyes met those of Robert’s stepping through the cloud of smoke.  A pistol hung low in one hand.  Seeing the hate in his eyes, Eric reached for the sidearm in his partner’s holster.  The move didn’t warrant success as the body was already sliding to the floor with two bleeding cavities on his back. 
	Robert saw his foe was unarmed.  His own finger was glued to the trigger with iron sights raised to Eric’s temple.  Eric backed against the wall. “Look, Bobby,” he let a fake grin spread over his face. “You win.” 
	“Shut up,” Robert spoke solemnly. 
	Eric looked at the measures taken against his attacking force. “The rest of my guys backed off.  It’s over.” 
	“Where’s Travis?” Eric was confused. “Don’t try to play innocent.”
	“Last I heard, he was more than a hundred miles from here.” Eric admitted. “Still recruiting people into his militia.” 
	“Did you give him the location of this camp?” 
	“No,” Eric replied, “but soon enough he will come back.  Those maps have a lot of eyes looking at them.” 
	“What did you do?” Robert was angry, but he couldn’t seem to pull the trigger.  A tenth of a second, Derek stepped out from around the far corner. 
	“You got him?” Derek asked with his own gun in hand. 
	“Yeah,” Rob replied.  He raised the weapon to face Eric’s forehead. 
	Concern grew over Eric’s face. “Come on, Rob.  This isn’t the way to handle things.” 
	“This is exactly how we answer for your crimes,” Derek spoke back. 
	“I thought we could have co-existed,” Robert grabbed Eric by the collar, slamming him against the wall. “I trusted you could help us…but you betrayed us all.” 
	“That was a mistake,” Eric tried to put all the guilt on him.  Perhaps he’d get enough of the anger to wash away.  But it wouldn’t be heard. “I’m willing to pay for it.” 
	“Yeah?” Rob’s brow jumped, “how do you expect to bring my wife back from the dead?” 
	Eric’s skin grew cold with the realization of his actions. “Nikki’s dead?” 
	“You look surprised,” Robert kicked out the back of Eric’s knees, forcing him down.  He cocked the weapon back and put the barrel to Eric’s neck. “I thought that’s 
what you wanted, to see our people die.” Eric trembled under the cold metal impressing a circle on his neck.  Never before had he envisioned a death so heartless.  Robert felt the trigger pulling back under his force. “I should have done this when I had the chance…when she was still alive.” His aim fell further. “Now that she’s watching over 
me…this isn’t what she’d want.” He holstered the pistol. 
	Derek’s view jumped to face him. “What?  I thought you needed this to be done?” 
	Robert shook his head, “No death is justifiable,” he recollected something she told him what seemed like years ago. “That’s the only reason you’re still alive, Eric.” Eric took a deep breath, satisfied to be clenching his life even after all had been said and done. 
	“Too early to be breathing easy,” Derek noted Eric’s change in character after Robert stepped inside the program building. “Just because he isn’t going to kill you doesn’t mean I won’t.” Eric’s eyes looked up in time to see the butt of a pistol slam down over him. 

Day 276, Part II
Ashes

	Barely stepping through the door to the program room, Robert wasn’t as surprised to see someone mourning as the uniform they represented.  On the floor at his feet, the Second Lieutenant had given his life during the siege.  A few feet away Lexie sobbed into her hands.  Seeing her in such a distraught state, Robert took a knee to offer his condolences. 
	“You doing alright?” 
	Lexie wiped the stains from below her eyes. “Yes,” she lied, sniffling a moment later. 
	Rob’s view shifted to the other two US Army soldiers. “What’s the final report?” 
	Farad stepped away, calling it over his radio. “The battle’s won.  Report casualties.” 
	A moment of silence was shortly followed by Justin. “Everybody taking up cover is unharmed.” 
	“Jacob got some arterial damage,” Daniel reported. “but I patched him up.” 
	Farad closed his eyes. “Confirm one KIA, Lieutenant Markham.” he removed the helmet from his scalp, reflecting on the loss in his own way.  The Lieutenant had always been a hard-ass, but that didn’t change the fact.  Farad knew Markham before he went into officer’s training and they’d served on the lines before.  What a way to go, dying protecting innocent civilians from fellow Americans who shot back at them first…everything was backwards now. 
	“Confirm,” Daniel replied, “nobody else.” He looked at the still form of Jacob on the ground.  He’d been sedated after arrival.  Blood loss wasn’t severe, but the initial shock trauma put him out of commission for the remainder of the nine minute fight. 
	Robert stepped down to the fallen soldiers.  He carefully slipped loose the dog tags numb around Vic’s neck.  Unclipping the second set, Rob tossed the tag over to Lexie.  She grabbed it, looking on at the name that had been there since the beginning for her.  The girl of twenty-five leaned against the wall. “I was going to marry him,” she said, looking out the window in silence. 
	Robert vividly remembered his exchange with Eric and his failure to kill the man responsible for Nicole’s death.  But even in the afterlife, her influence couldn’t change his aspect.  Eric hadn’t been a direct threat, therefore hadn’t deemed necessity to kill.  Regardless of his choice to let the murderer live Rob knew Derek wouldn’t falter in his words.
	Lexie’s look piercing under the moonlit sky froze in the propensity of repression.  Tears welled in her eyes as she remembered the last words he spoke to her. “I heard about Nicole…did you get your guy?” 
	Robert pictured the moment.  Nicole’s face staring back in horror.  Blackthorne’s evil eyes, his weapon’s single shot. ‘I will always be with you,’ Robert heard Nicole echo through the vision, just before her heart stopped beating. 
	“As soon as he shot her, I killed him,” Robert confirmed.  He’d already claimed an eye for an eye when Blackthorne purposely murdered his wife. “He died with no soul.” 
	Lexie’s eyes scanned over Derek, dragging a single body into the blue Excursion. “Who’s he got?” 
	Robert looked up. “Eric.”
	Farad tilted his head, “Any idea what he’s got in store for him?”
	Robert shook his head, “I wouldn’t want to know.”
	A half mile away, Derek dragged loose the unconscious prisoner into one of the dorms.  Throwing him against one of the walls, the abrupt impact shook his back to life.  The man fell to the floor with no fight about him. “I’ve got something to ask you,” Derek lifted the weak soul by his neck, pressing him firmly against the wall. 
	Eric saw stars filling in his eyes as Derek increased the pressure over his neck. “Okay,” he slipped from his tongue. 
	Derek dropped the man on the floor. “When’s Travis coming back?” 
	Eric set his back against the wall. “He said maybe not even for six months.” 
	“Why not?” Derek ordered immediately. 
	“There’s been a conflict in Texas.  He’s going all the way east looking for people to fight for him.”
	“That’s a long ways to go for a couple hired guns.”
	“That’s nothing,” Eric confessed. “Two days ago, Travis said he’s gonna have more than a hundred guns.” 
	Derek’s heart dropped at the sound of it. “Where are the maps you stole?” 
	“They could be anywhere,” Eric said with a grin spreading over his face. 
	“Stop playing games, you fool.” Derek threw a punch that hit him on  the jaw. “You maybe have ten seconds left.  Make them useful.”
	Eric looked at the ground worriedly.  He didn’t want to die, but he didn’t see this world going much farther. “I promise you this, Derek.  This is not over, this will never be over.  Until everyone here is dead, or Travis’ militia stops fighting for this place…there will never be an end.”
	Derek clenched his teeth and prepared the gun atop Eric’s head. “Are those your final words.”
	Eric chuckled and closed his eyes. “Don’t miss.  I don’t want to be a vegetable.” Derek pulled the trigger, bringing about an end to this faction’s leader.  Perhaps it would grant them another few weeks or months of time.  The best it could do was end the war altogether.  But now, the third strike was delivered and it had met with failure.  The floodgates would open soon enough, and how any of them could fight a militia so large…at least there was time.
	Derek took a seat and stared at the corpse on the ground.  Though their battle was over, something felt different.  Something had triggered in Derek’s mind, and he knew that it couldn’t be good.  But tapering it off was easier said than done.  So much killing, so much stress, so much torment.  The monster he’d locked up in a previous life had escaped and now controlled every muscle in Derek’s body.  It wasn’t multiple personalities.  It was a parasite of hate that had taken control of the wheel.  Taking a deep breath, Derek let a deep breath out. “Thank you for the keys, Eric.”
	Hours in passing, Jacob had taken a single survivor from the enemy ranks.  The soldier’s arterial wound could have been life-threatening, yet Derek’s actions had prevented such a fate.  Before Daniel or anyone else believed it, the Marine was running around taking care of business.  Their prisoner’s name was brought to light during the silent day.  Elliot was easy enough to coerce, barely twenty one years old.  Jacob had secured their prisoner in one of the Cedar Ridge cabins. 
	“How you doing, soldier.” Jacob asked, sipping on a flask filled with whiskey.  He offered the drink to the injured soldier. 
	Elliot lifted himself from the bed, taking a few gulps. “Thanks.  Who are you?” 
	“My name is Jacob.  I used to be a Marine.  Where are you coming from?” 
	Elliot shook his head. “I don’t think I’m supposed to tell you that.” 
	“Well, where do you hail from?” 
	“Oregon.” 
	“You don’t say?” Jacob asked. “Couldn’t tell you either way, my home’s in Flagstaff.” He threw the kid the drink. “Those wounds ought to heal up soon enough.  You know the drill, I gotta ask you some stuff about your team because they’re trying to kill us.” 
	“Now that I met you, they don’t stand a chance.” Elliot took another gulp. “How old are you?” 
	“Twenty seven,” he looked out the window. 
	Elliot looked down at the flask, then up at the man’s portrait.  He was much older than that. “What do you got me sipping on?” 
	Jacob chuckled, “Mid fifties.” 
	“You couldn’t put the rifle down?” 
	“To be honest, I did some bad things in my day.  Assassinations were the least of my jobs.  But I couldn’t quit…until I found my daughter.” 
	Elliot looked him up and down. “I bet she’s a very beautiful young lady.” 
	“Thanks,” Jacob smirked, “That means a lot coming from you.  She was a beautiful girl.  But those damn zombies took her away from me.” He looked out through the window. 
	“I’m sorry.” 
	“Don’t be,” Jacob sighed. “I just thought I’d be used to hearing it by now.” 
	“So,” Elliot appreciated the bedside manner. “You guys don’t seem that bad.” 
	“We aren’t,” Jacob nodded. “A couple days after Eric met us, one of his guys stabbed and shot one of ours.  Then they tried to smuggle out supplies.” 
	Elliot felt it dawn on him, “You don’t want to fight us?” 
	“We don’t want to fight, but we can’t entrust anybody with this camp.  It’ll only lead to more killing.” 
	Elliot sighed. “I was under the assumption that you drew first blood.  So are a lot of our guys.  Maybe I could convince them not to shoot their way in.” 
	“Eric already tried the truce game.  He backed out.” 
	“Maybe I could go to Woods Canyon and talk--wait, where are you going?” Elliot was confused.  At the mention of Woods Canyon, Jacob left the building.  He had the answer he was looking for.
	Staring off into the distance, looking out after a long morning drew into an endless day, Robert laid down on the grass.  His place was at peace once more.  Eric had paid his dues in full.  The primary objective had been completed.  They’d thwarted another assault.  And though some of their foes escaped with their lives, no predictions of an immediate second wave appeared ominous.  Maybe they were free…and maybe they had another stretch of time to recover before evil would befall them again. 
	Slipping his eyes open, Rob spotted the golden hummingbird zipping across from flower to flower only a few inches above him. “Nicole,” he said silently.  The words could have only been spoken to himself, or to the bird.  But in his mind, they shot straight into the heavens where she was looking down on him. “Take care of Lance.  I’ll handle the rest.” He closed his eyes, imagining her visage, the outline of her curves, her golden hair and ocean blue eyes.  Silence filled his ears as a dream fell upon Robert in the midday sunlight.

