PANGAEA
JACOBS AWAKENING


ROSS PARKES

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS


I would like to express my gratitude to Emily Millward who helped me write this book.  You have provided me with valuable support when it came to proof reading the book and your eagle eyes were essential when it came to editing.
 







Chapter one


The full moon shone brightly within the cloudless night sky.  The gaze of the Milky Way eclipsed a picturesque backdrop.  Underneath the beauty of the midnight sky a small wooden fishing boat anchored against the deep dark ocean.  The gentle waves rippled alongside the boat and rocked it from side to side.  The chill of the icy cold wind swept across the boat, and rang a small bronze bell on top of the main cabin, a reminder to others of their presence in the darkness.  Below the soggy wooden deck lay the majority of the crew, all asleep in their hammocks, wrapped in thick winter blankets to escape the grip of the ocean’s icy breath.  Cigarette smoke hovered above them and stale beer soaked the floor below.  Each fisherman had similar looks, bulging stomachs, powerful arms and legs, long scruffy beards and aged looks from the salty sea air.
There was one who did not sleep tonight, he was above deck slouched across the guardrail and stared into the dark abyss below them.  Jacob, the youngest of the crew at eighteen, was unlike the rest.  Tall, athletic with a tidier beard than the rest, he only sailed with the crew to escape the idleness of the village whence they came.  He did not picture the rest of his life to be spent at the mercy of the ocean, instead his wished to travel and discover more of Pangaea.   Centuries since the ice caps collapsed, and the continents collided this was the only land left.  The only part of the land that Jacob knew was the barren wasteland of the north, he had never been allowed to venture any further than the boarders of bleak farms that surround his village.  Years of wars with the privileged left the natives scattered across the land.  The majority of the wealth was kept by the elite who occupied the enormous city in the sky known as the Ark.  Jacob had never seen the Ark for himself but had heard only the stories that had been passed down from generation.
Despite the basic nature of the job it helped Jacob put food on the table for him and the older woman whom he lived with.  He knew nothing of his parents only that they abandoned him from an early age and he was brought up by an old family friend.
“You should get some rest boy,” the captain of the crew came up beside Jacob.
“I can’t sleep Cap,” Jacob threw a pebble across the ocean waves.  “Have you never just set sail into the darkness away from land to see what’s out there?”
“Yes, I have often wondered what it would be like out there in the other oceans, but have you not heard the stories of sea dragons and monstrous waves?  I have known of many fishermen who have sailed into the deep and not returned.”
“The dragons are myths,” Jacob laughed. “A brave wise man like you I’m surprised you have never even attempted it.”
“In my younger years perhaps, but I have a wife and child I dare not abandon for the sake of a few folk tales.  One day boy when you captain your own boat perhaps you may dare to explore, but until then keep your head out of the clouds.  Your household cannot afford to lose you just ye…” Cap was stopped by a murmur he heard in front of them.  
An unusually large wave crept toward them, it hit the boat and knocked them to the floor.  A glow beneath the ocean followed behind the wave and circled the boat at a distance.  Cap knew what this was as soon as he laid eyes on the fiery red glow, the tale of this giant fish had kept fishermen awake for many a night.  A fisherman would count himself lucky to glimpse simply one in his lifetime let alone catch one, this would be Cap’s second encounter.   The first in his early days as a young fisherman on a similar night he caught sight of the glow across the ocean as it quickly descended into the darkness.  Since that moment he returned to the spot once a year to try to catch sight of it again, however on this occasion he had planned on getting a lot closer.
“Wake the men boy,” Cap muttered to Jacob.
Jacob followed orders and headed below deck to the merry sleeping men.  Although it wasn’t always greeted with pleasantries waking an assembly of burly fisherman, it was one that Jacob enjoyed doing.   From the murky miniature kitchen he grabbed a dirty saucepan and spoon and stood between the hammocks.  
“Rise and shine you miserable bastards,” Jacob shouted as he hammed the spoon against the pan to which he was met with foul language from the sleeping fisherman.  “It’s here guys, Cap’s fish come on.”
They all knew Cap had been searching for the fish for decades.  Each one rolled from out their hammock fully clothed.  One by one collected their boots before climbing out onto the deck.  Cap had switched off all the lights expect for one attached the front of the boat.  He had hoped this would attract the attention of the huge fish.  Despite the lack of illumination the men could see from the light cast by the moon.  The red glow continued to circle the boat with more violent waves attacking the hull.  Soon the waves reached over the deck and soaked every one of them.
“Prepare the nets!” Cap yelled.  
Long wooden poles reached over either side of the boat.  Wrapped up underneath each one were heavy steal laden ropes.  Cap had saved these for this very occasion.  They were strong enough to halt any object in their way.  Two fishermen had the duty to release these nets.  To do this they had to climb along the poles and loosen them into the ocean.  The first one went; he stepped up on to the ledge and grabbed hold of the pole.  It was thick enough for him to pull himself up and slide across its wet surface.  The net was strapped tightly with two leather straps either side.  The weight of the net made it difficult for him to release.  Unable to release the net with his hands he pulled out a hunting knife from his side.  An easy solution would be to cut through the straps although not ideal as this would cause issues later when trying to secure the nets.  He cut through the first strap loosening the net.  This caused the second strap to tighten even more.  It took greater force for him to slice through.  
Beneath him he saw the glow swim past.  For a moment he stopped and was memorised by the beauty of what he saw.  The scales of this magnificent creature illuminated the surrounding sea water a seductive crimson.
“Hey is something wrong?” Cap bellowed.
The fisherman shook his head to regain sense of what he was doing. “No Cap just a tough strap.”  He continued to slice into the strap until the weight of the net tore through and unravelled into the ocean.  The impact of the nets violently swayed the boat.  He kept a firm grip onto the pole so he would not fall.  Now the net was at rest he could climb across back onto the deck.  
With the first net released another of the crew was laid upon the other wooden pole but also had problems releasing his net.  The seductive glow soon appeared below.  He too lost his thoughts at the beauty of the light.  The creature became hostile, its aggressive swimming caused larger waves to crash into the boat.  The fisherman lost his grip on the pole and fell.  Everyone lost sight of him.
“Man overboard!” another screamed.
As the creature swam past again they all saw the fisherman hanging from the pole.  Cap climbed across the pole with no hesitation.  He would not let one of his men fall into the dark abyss.  “Grab my hand,” he reached the end and held his arm out.  The fisherman grabbed a hold of him and held on as he was lifted back onto the pole.  The creature swam closer this time surfacing and spraying them with the icy chill of the ocean sea.  They both hurried along the pole and onto the deck.
“Bring up the anchor and start the engine,” Cap ordered.  The heavy anchor was sluggishly brought to the surface as the engine started with a splutter.  Cap entered the cabin and grabbed the wheel to take control of the boat. 
Jacob stood behind him. “So how do you plan on catching it Cap?”
“We have to outsmart the son of a bitch.  We will simply sail in the opposite direction to it and capture him within the current," he turned the wheel against the waves and slowly increased the speed of the boat.  
Over the next few minutes the speed increased, and the boat began to create larger waves than the creature could produce.  It became distressed unable to swim against the stronger current.  The other fisherman all mounted the sides with spears, ready to pierce its crimson scales at any available chance.  The creature now swam with the boats current attempting to outpace it.  They launched their first barrage of spears into the ocean.  Only one spear caught the creature, just left of its fin it cut between the scales and released a surge of blood.  It was hurt. 
	Cap was told of this first strike so slowed the engine slightly to match the creatures speed.  He could now travel the same speed and finally capture his prey.  A second onslaught of spears from the fishermen brought the creature to a near halt.  Cap was able to position the boat around its drifting figure.  This time Jacob climbed the pole to secure the nets.  The creature was now trapped within the clutches of its untimely and inevitable death.  Jacob yanked on the rope from underneath the pole and this closed in the net around the creature.  Another fisherman wound a leaver that lifted the pole vertically.  Jacob slid off the pole and on to the deck.  The creature rose from out the oceans grasp and hung within the grapple of the nets.  Jacob stared into its mysterious eyes as its soul slowly left its body, he was overcome with guilt when he saw the pain the creature in as it grasped at life.  Cap proudly stood next to Jacob was no ounce of remorse.
	The men opened a steal gate on the floor of the deck that led into the bowls of the boat where the fish were kept.  They lowered the creature and laid it to rest amongst the other fish, tiny in comparison.  The fish were kept fresh buy huge chunks of ice and a single generator.
	Cap had finally succeeded in capturing the creature he had longed for.  Despite the night sky and the tiredness of his men Cap turned the boat around and headed back to land, there was no need for him to be out there anymore.  The creature was sure to offer all of them a comfortable winter.
	The sun rose across the horizon.  Up in the north the atmosphere was very dense, the light in the sky now came from a pale red looking sun with little heat breaking through.  Winter was upon them and with it six months of thick heavy snow storms, icy wind and darkness for at least half of that time.  The boat encountered small chunks of ice breaking against its hull.  The brittle body of the ice boulders caused little or no damage.  Tiny snowflakes fell from the pale grey sky a sign of the dark winter nights ahead.
	Jacob had stayed awake with Cap the whole journey back, he had wanted to see the autumn sun rise one final time across the ocean before winter came.  The sun rose from the ocean surface illuminating the sea with its pale red glow.  For a moment any fish near the surface glistened against the first flickers of sunlight.  This occasion had only ever been seen by a handful of fishermen, it was thought to be a signal to the end of autumn and the start of winter.  Jacob was speechless he had never seen such a sight.  Thousands of fish dived across the waves.  
	At this point the others had risen from their beds and onto the deck, they all too wanted to see the end of autumn.  A spout of water burst through the waves.  The flickering fish had caught the attention of a huge whale.  It rose from the waters and leapt into the air, its back tumbled against the water and created a huge wave that soaked everyone on the boat.  The whale was at least fifty feet long, a monstrous sight.  With plenty of fish it was here to feast.   Despite the fishing weapons on board they all knew better than to try to fish this huge whale.  It could destroy them with one swoop of its tail.  Instead they enjoyed the symbolic nature of what was unfolding.
	As the sun rose higher its light reached across the sky to enlighten the land before them.  Still awhile away, their village appeared from out the darkness.  The morning smoke from the bakery climbed into the air.  Stone build cottages blended into the dusty dull terrain.  The land was hard and cold ready to battle the encroaching winter as the sunlight wrestled with the dark grey clouds that crept in from the north.  Tiny snowflakes fell into Jacob’s palms.  Winter did not wait too long to arrive.  An ice cold chill ran itself across the deck.  Everyone headed below deck to ready the boat to dock.
	Cap stayed above in the cabin to steer the boat home.  He had an old rusty radio to signal the harbour of their return.  Within the static interference a voice replied to Cap to direct him through the floating ice field.  Most of the ice he was unable to avoid and so crashed through it.  The winter was only settling in so the majority of the ice had only recently formed, creating an easy path.  The oak harbour reached out twenty feet into the ocean bay.  It had stood for several hundred years and had remained unscathed by the endless battering of the northern sea.  It was often used during the summer months by sailors from the south to trade, very little food grew from the frosted grounds of the north.






chapter two


The boat sailed into the harbour.  Men were on hand to grab a hold of the rope thrown by the fishermen.  The engines spluttered to a halt and the boat slowly came to a standstill.  The ropes were tied to the harbour and finally their journey had ended.  The steel gate on the deck was opened, and a crane lowered from the harbour to help hoist Cap’s prize catch.  The unbeknown weight of the prize added extra strain to the crane with the other small fish already caught by the crew.  The crane creaked as it slowly winched the fish laden net out from the bottom of the boat.  The size of the prize alone would be enough to feed most of the village for a few weeks alone, this catch would make the crew the talk of the village.
	The chief of the village had come out to greet Cap on his return.  He had heard from others in the harbour of this legendary catch.  The crane rotated and lowered the net into a cart.  Everyone waiting in the harbour was taken aback by the spectacle before them.  Even in its lifeless self it was still a sight to behold.  In the winter morning sun they could see the creature in more detail.  It had sharp scales along its spine, long whiskers pieced through its checks and had two fins each side of its body, these helped it create such velocity through the water.
	A coupe of the sailors stationed at the harbour applauded Cap as he and his men climbed from off their boat.  This was by far the greatest catch anyone had brought back to the village.  The chief a tall powerful man with a modest outlook on life walked up to Cap and shook his hand delightfully.  
	“Well done Captain, you have brought a blissful cheer upon the village with this historic catch.” The chief could not contain his gratitude.
	“Don’t mention it, I was simply doing my job,” Cap relied.
	“Nonsense Captain, you sir have far exceeded everyone’s expectations.  For this year we shalt not freeze in winter’s breath.  Please make sure that you and your crew join us tonight at the tavern. Together we shall celebrate this fantastic day.”
The chief lifted Cap’s arm and everyone cheered and applauded.  Cap did not care for the praise, he simply did what he loved.  The cart of fish was taken away to the kitchens, whilst everyone else returned to their homes to prepare for the evening’s festivities.  Each year before the winter set in the village held a gathering to celebrate the birth of the new winter.
Jacob returned to his home.  It was near the outskirts of the village in one of the smaller cottages, unlike the rest this was made from dense oak logs.  Thick fur curtains and large bear rugs helped keep in the heat released from the stone built fireplace.  The cottage only had one bedroom, but this did not bother Jacob he was always more than happy to fall asleep on the couch in front of the dwindling fire.  Beth who cared for him was a small attractive, petite woman with young looks despite her age.  She was given a tough challenge at eighteen to take care of Jacob not long after he was born.
Jacob walked up to the cottage across the frozen path.  He saw Beth’s two cows taking shelter in a dilapidated barn, whilst half a dozen chickens wandered around the grounds.  He opened the door to the warmth of the fire.  For the first time in six months his ears were warm without the need for his padded hat.  He placed his heavy rucksack near the door and took a deep breath, he could smell Beth’s cooking, hopefully it was her delicious stew.
“Good Afternoon Beth,” he called to her.
Beth was stirring the stew on the cooker when he entered the room. She joyfully turned around and smiled “My dear Jacob” she walked up to him and lovingly hugged him.   “Oh you feel so cold, please quick come inside and make yourself warm.”  Beth lead him in front of the fireplace, she grabbed the top of his collar and helped him take his coat off.
“I can take my own coat off,” Jacob smiled.  Beth let him take his coat off but she took it from him and hung it off the back of the front door.  He removed his feet from the heavy boots and wrinkled his toes on the comforting thick rug.  The feel of Beth’s home an instant relief.  He took a seat next to the growling fire and rubbed his hands in the warmth.
Beth left the cooking for a moment and joined Jacob.  “So Jacob how was your voyage, did you catch plenty?” she asked.
“Have you not heard of our catch yet?” He replied.
“Heard? Jacob you know I don’t venture out into the village often, I have heard nothing from anyone these last few days.”
“Well we caught more than enough fish for the entire village and we caught something even greater.”
“Even greater?” Beth leaned in closer.
“We caught something else that none of us would have ever imagined.  Cap finally caught up with his lifelong obsession.  The creature that had haunted him for years, was finally removed from the claws of the ocean and in out nets.”
“Wow! That must have been an amazing sight.”
“Oh it was, I mean if a creature like that is swimming so close to our shores can you imagine the wonders that await us out there in the deepest parts of the ocean.”
Beth held his hand. “Don’t get any ideas Jacob.  You know it’s too dangerous to sail out any further then you did.”
“But Beth how do we know what’s out there, from a few stories spoken around a camp fire.  I want to see these for myself I want to be the one who tells these stories.  I want travel over the hills below our village and go south.  Beth I need to leave this village, I cannot live only for the thrill of catching fish once a year, I need to explore, and I need to see the world.” He spoke with such desire; he felt like a large fish in a small pond.
Beth smiled. “Jacob I understand you do but you are still young, you have many things to learn before you can travel across the land.  There are many dangers south of the village just as there are west into the ocean. All I ask of you is to keep working with Cap and he will soon teach you the skills you need to leave this village.”  Beth got up and walked back over to the cooker to finish the stew.
“Skills? You mean fishing, how exactly is that going to help my journey south across land?”
“He has many more skills than fishing Jacob, you have not spoken to him much have you?”  Beth stirred the stew and turned the cooker off.  She grabbed two bowls and served the stew on the table behind her.  “Please Jacob have something to eat.”
Jacob took his place at the table “Of course I have spoken to Cap, I have been with him for the last six months.”  He tore a small piece of bread from the loaf on the table and sank it in the stew.
Beth swallowed a mouth full of food. “I mean about him and his past, you know where he is from and what he’s about.  He is one a few who has travelled across the land of Pangaea.”
“He has never spoken of his travels to me,” Jacob grunted.
“And I see you have never asked.” Beth laughed.
“How can I ask if I do not know?”
“You wanted to sail with Cap because you wanted learn and experience something away from the village, then why not simply ask him about his life.  He would have told you about his many years serving for the Guardians of the Ark.”
“Who?” Jacob asked.
“They are an Army of few who protected the Chancellor of the Ark and his family.  He led the Army before leaving not long after you were born.  Ever since he has lived in this village and sailed the ocean.  He could tell you many a story of the Ark and its wonders.”
“You must be lying, why would he leave such a place to settle for a small fishing village in the most northern part of the world?” Jacob spoke with his mouth full.
“I guess you can always ask him later at the tavern, now come on, eat up and I will run you a bath.”
Whilst they had been talking Beth had already finished her bowl of stew, Jacob had barely touched his.  She put her bowl in the sink and went into the bathroom to run him a bath.  It had been a long time since he last had the opportunity to soak in fresh warm water.  The bathroom was only small like the rest of the cottage.  The bath was calved from a huge oak trunk.  Such craftsmanship seemed wasted on a bath, but Jacob felt he could leave Beth something to relax in whilst he was gone over the summer months.  Jacob had treated the wood with many different oils so it would stay untouched from the water.
Beth laced the water with several bath salts to soothe Jacob’s cold body.  He entered the bathroom already shirtless as he awaited the warmth of the water.
“Jacob your back is bruised” Beth noticed as she left the bathroom.
“That must be from last night capturing that creature was not exactly an easy task,” Jacob spoke proudly of his battle scars.
“Well make sure your rest and have a good soak," Beth closed the door and left him to relax.
Jacob undressed and tried to inspect the bruises in the mirror, despite his muscular physic he bruised very easily.  The steam from the water filled the bathroom as he lowered himself in the bath.  The water boiling hot but such a relief to someone who had spent many a cold night out at sea.  Jacob turned the water off, lay back and shut his eyes.  After six months out at sea he was finally warm and comfortable.
An hour had passed since Jacob had taken his bath.  Beth knocked on the door but no answer; she opened the door slightly to see.  Jacob had fallen asleep.  She smiled at his peacefulness before attempting to wake him up.  “Jacob dear, you have been in here for an hour, I’m sure the water is cold by now.”
Jacob opened his eyes with a chill from the cold water, he hurriedly climbed out the bath and into the warmth of the thick woolly robe that hung from the back of the door.  The once clean dry bathroom rug was now soaked with the droplets of bath water.  
“I’m out Beth,” Jacob replied to her.
“The kettle is boiling, can I do you a tea?” she asked.
“Please,” Jacob stared at himself in the bathroom mirror deciding whether it was worth trimming his untidy beard.  Shaving became a difficult task at sea, he soon understood why most fishermen had beards.  He filled the sink with warm water and start to first trim his beard before using the razor to remove any hair from his jaw.  It took a while but soon his face was beard free.  He walked from the bathroom to his bedroom so he could get into warm clean clothes that did not smell of the ocean air.
He returned to the roar of the fire where his cup of tea was waiting.  Jacob had forgotten how good Beth’s tea tasted.  During the summer months Beth managed to grow her own tea amongst other plants.  Many in the village were envious of her ability to grow vegetables in what was mainly a barren land.
“Drink your tea and then we can head over to the tavern if you like," Beth joined him with a cup of tea.
“So have you managed to grow much during the summer?”
“I’m afraid not, a few tea plants and some tomatoes but the soil is becoming less fertile as the years pass.  Soon enough we won’t be able to anything in the north," she took a sip from her cup.
“Surely not,” Jacob would not believe her.
“Each year the land is colder, the snow arrives sooner and takes longer to melt away in the spring.  Soon enough the snow will be here all year round.”
“A land of snow, that can’t be so.”
“Hundreds of years ago before the coming together of the continents there were great lands made from snow and ice, so it is only right they should one day return.”
“In what book did you read that? I for one have never come across such stories?”
 Beth laughed “Jacob how many times can I tell you, there is still much for you to learn.”  She had finished her drink and took the cup into the kitchen.  “Now will you please take me to the tavern and buy me a drink," she smiled.
“If I must,” he smirked.  Jacob sat up and put his coat and boots on.  Beth too put her boots and coat on.  They left the cottage and headed to the centre of town.  
The snow had already begun to set on the ground.  Half an inch already in such a short time could only mean a heavy downpour.  Soon the snow would be at their ankles and winter would truly have arrived.  Their footsteps crunched on the settled snowflakes.  Beth linked her arm with Jacob’s to keep her balance in case she slipped.  The sun was very low on the horizon, it was showing off its last few moments of light before it slept for the night.  The winter daylight would only last for a few hours as the sun danced across the mountains in the distance.  
The tavern was situated in the market square in front of a stone fountain teeming with water that had almost frozen with the birth of winter.  Jacob could hear the laughter of all the town as he walked closer with Beth.  Everyone had come to enjoy and celebrate the return of the fisherman and their triumphant catch.  All the market stalls were now empty, closed until the return of spring.  Each building though similar had its own little feature to separate it from the others.  The bakery with its high reaching chimney, the wooden fish pattern carved around the entrance to the fishmonger and the tavern, its doorway built with barrels either side.
They entered the tavern through its heavy oak door.  The smoke from cigarettes and cigars escaped into the fresh air and the scent of ale intoxicated their sense of smell.  With Jacob away for such a long time Beth chose not to enter the tavern for it was not a place she felt comfortable on her own.  Jacob however, had missed the busy atmosphere, six months at sea with fishermen left a feeling of loneliness.  Not knowing how long or how much snow would settle upon the village Jacob would make the most of the evening and drink as much ale as his legs would allow.
Cap and the other fishermen were sat around a large table in the corner of the room.  Plenty of ale was flowing already, each man merrier then they had been for a while.  Their wives joined them at the table and were just as loud and merry.  The tavern was contained in a hall with a low ceiling with heavy wooden posts across it.  The timber floor soaked in ale and tables scattered across taken with several villagers around each one.  In the opposite corner to the bar a folk band were playing, keeping everyone in a jolly mood.
Jacob waved to Cap and headed to the bar to get himself and Beth a drink.  The landlord had his daughter to help him run the tavern, his wife had passed away a few years ago. He was cleaning a glass when he saw Jacob.
“Jacob my boy, how are you?” the Landlord greeted Jacob.
Jacob sat down on a stool in front of the bar “I’m good thanks,” Jacob smiled back.
“And who is this young looking woman you have brought with you?” he chuckled.
“Shut up Frank,” Beth blushed.  She took a seat next to Jacob.
“I do believe it has been a while since you last graced us with your presence young lady.”
“What can I say? A girl has better things to do with her time then sit in this place,” she winked at Frank.
“Enough flirting you two, can you please pour me a pint of your marvellous ale?” he joked.  The remoteness of the north resulted in few alcoholic drinks available so they were left with Frank’s somewhat strong ale or if they were lucky and the summer was fruitful he would pour a dark red wine.
“I just take a glass of wine please.” Not a fan of the ale Beth would only drink the wine.
“Here you go my dear, a glass of the finest wine in all the lands,” he laughed. “And for you sir a pint of my marvellous ale as you so kindly put it.” Frank gave Beth one his special wine glasses usually kept for such occasions when she did enter the pub. “I hear you had a very interesting end to your voyage Jacob.”
“Yes indeed we did.” Jacob drank from his discoloured glass and continued. “The time I spent out there was worth it simply for seeing such a creature.  It swam so majestically well until we caught it,” he laughed.
“Let’s just hope it tastes as good as it could swim,” Frank nodded over to the kitchen where his daughter was cooking. “Freyja is currently carving that creature up for supper.”  Cap had decided to share his prize catch with the whole village.  It was large enough to feed everyone with food left over for days to come.
“Considering no one has caught something like this before how do you know it’s not poisonous?” Jacob asked.
“Good question lad, I guess we will have to wait and see. You can be the first to try it if you like,” Frank challenged him.
“I’ll pass thanks.”
“There’s a free pint in it for you.” Frank caught Jacob’s attention.
“Well that is tempting now isn’t it? Throw in a free bread roll and I’ll take you up on the offer,” Jacob held his hand out to Frank.
“A deal then.” Frank shook his hand.
“Beth I’m going to say hello to Cap and the others, I trust I can leave her in you company Frank?” Jacob joked.
“Certainly, I’m sure I can help this young lady enjoy herself.”
“I’m sure you can," Beth smiled. “That’s fine Jacob, you go enjoy yourself.”
Jacob walked over to Cap and the other men.  They were in mid-song when he approached them.  They halted their singing to cheer him.
“Jacob my boy please take a seat.” Cap pulled out a stool next to him.
Jacob smirked at the cheering and took his place next to Cap.  He clinked glasses with several of the men.
“So good of you to have finally joined us,” a merry Cap put his arm around Jacob.  “I haven’t thanked you yet for your efforts last night.”
“My efforts?” he questioned.
“If it weren’t for you I would never have caught the creature.”
“Nonsense,” Jacob uttered.
“You were the one up at that hour, awake looking out into the ocean, if you were not there I would not have being there when it appeared.  Jacob accept my thanks as not many men receive it.”
Jacob smiled to himself and continued to drink his ale.  At this point the fish was finally cooked.  Freyja brought it over to Jacob, similar in age to him Jacob always had a crush on her growing up.  Having not seen her for six months, he was taken back by her beauty, her slim petite figure and golden hair. She was a pretty sight for any man never mind a fisherman.  The men whistled as she came over with the plate of freshly cooked fish and a bread roll.  She was always flattered with the attention she got, her father however was unimpressed.  
“Dinner is served,” Freyja rested her hand on Jacob’s shoulder and lent over him to place the plate on the table.  Jacob caught the sweet scent of her beauty.
“Thank you.” He looked over to Frank and raised his glass to him.  The rest of the pub fell silent awaiting Jacob’s first mouthful.  They wanted to see how he reacted to the fish before trying it themselves.  Jacob took his fork and rested a piece of fish on his tongue.  The texture and smell was all too similar to other fish.  He swallowed the fish with the eyes of the village on him.  After a few moments Jacob coughed and started struggling to breathe, he banged the table with his fist.  There was a gasp from everyone in the room.
“Quick water!” Cap shouted.
Freyja ran behind the bar to fill a glass of water.  Before she returned Jacob started laughing.  He stood to his feet. “The food is wonderful,” he held his hands in the air.
“Sit down you idiot,” Cap chuckled at his prank.  The rest of the tavern rejoiced.
Freyja walked back to Jacob with the water and threw it over his face. “Aren’t you the funny one?” She smirked.
Jacob grabbed her and pulled her onto his lap. “So you were worried for me?”
“Worried yes, not got you but for everyone else,” she winked at him.
“Freyja the rest of the village can’t serve themselves!” Frank shouted from the bar.
“Let me serve these people and we can continue our conversation later,” she gave him a peck on the cheek and went back into the kitchen to serve the rest of the fish.
“She certainly is smitten with you,” Cap joked. “Grab her quick boy before another takes her.”
“Another? Have you not seen the calibre of men in this village," Jacob laughed.
“That’s a high opinion you have of yourself there boy.”  Cap drank the rest of his ale and pushed the glass to the rest of the empties.  “Come outside with me for a moment.” He left his stool and walked to the rear of the pub near the outhouses.  
They both walked out into cold, the snow had briefly paused but the bitterness of winter had remained.  The snow was at least three inches thick now.  Cap pulled out two large cigars and gave one to Jacob.
“Thank you.” Jacob took the cigar from Cap.
“Have you decided if you want to come back with us in the summer Jacob?” Cap asked as his lit his cigar.
“Back with you to sea? I haven’t thought about it as we’ve only just returned.” Jacob took the match from cap.
“Jacob do not come back with us, you are destined for greater things in this world.”
Jacob chuckled. “Greater things… like what exactly?”
“I cannot say entirely.  You’ve said yourself you wanted to explore the world.  Consider it your opportunity to do this.  All you have to do is head south and you will find a trail that will lead you to your destiny.”
“Some inspiring words there Cap.  Beth told me I should stick with you for some time yet before leaving the village though.”
“And you shall, over the next six months I can teach you many things…”
“Like about the Guardians of the Ark?” Jacob interrupted.
“Ha! I see Beth has told you more than I’d expected.  Jacob no-one except Beth knows of my true past.”
“But surely something as great as a Guardian of the Ark isn’t to be kept a secret? You should be proud to have been a member of such an army.”
“Proud is not the word I would use Jacob.  The Ark is not the utopia you would expect. Yes on the outset the wealth and beauty held in such a fortress is a sight anyone would fall in love with.  But the lies that are kept there, the famine it brings upon those though who live on the land.”
“If I’m destined for great things then surely the Ark would be part of it?”
“Jacob there are greater places to behold than the Ark, our land is not just dead and desolate like the north.  Life is returning to the land and you must find it.”
Freyja walked outside and interrupted them both. 
“I see you have company,” Cap greeted Freyja. “I will see you inside.” He left the coldness and headed back into the warm.
“So what were you two discussing?” Freyja linked arms with Jacob and stayed close to him.
“Nothing important,” he threw the cigar in the snow. “So have you missed me since I’ve being gone?”
“Missed you? I don’t know what you mean,” she blushed.
“I’ve missed you,” he looked her at and softly kissed her on the lips.  She smiled as he did so.  She had waited months for that kiss and he had waited months to give it.
“Taken your time haven’t you," Freyja sniggered.  “Tell me you won’t set sail with Cap next year?”
“I can assure you now I won’t be doing that.”
Inside the tavern Cap sat back down at the table and tucked into his fish supper.  Everyone was now enjoying the taste of his catch and a drink of ale.  Beth was still sat at the bar enjoying her evening with Frank.
“So what do I have to do to enjoy an evening of your company more regularly?” Frank poured Beth another glass of wine.
“That depends does the evening involve us sitting in here or do you have somewhere better in mind?” 
“In case you didn’t know winter has arrived and there’s not a lot of places I can ideally take you if you don’t want to lose a toe,” he responded with a giggle.
“I guess we will have to make do with here then,” she stroked his hand.
Without warning everyone felt the building rumble, dust fell from the ceiling.  A roar was heard above.  A few screams came from scared women unaware of where this sound came from.  Cap stood from the table and trudged towards the frozen misty windows.  He could see a bright light in the sky shine upon the village square.  The roar intensified for a moment until the light dimmed, it was at the point Cap realised where this light came from.  Soldiers of the Ark, he would recognise one of their ships a mile away.  Not quite Guardians but they were still nasty bastards who liked to show off their authority.  It was only a scout ship that lowered into the square.  Small enough to fit five men.  The small rectangular vessel made from carbon was kept in the air by four thrusters at each corner.  The vessel settled on the snow, the heat from the thrusters exposed the stone path beneath.  The futuristic look of the vessel was in stark contrast to the simplistic look of the village.
“Everyone calm down, it’s only a scout ship,” Cap shouted to relax everyone.  “More than likely they are only here to show an appearance, keep us informed of who they think is in charge.” He walked away from the window and back to his table.  
The atmosphere in the tavern had quietened, people weren’t in such a jovial mood with the Soldiers arriving.  The door opened and five Soldiers entered the room.  Everyone stopped what they were doing and stared at them.  They weren’t as big as Cap and his men, but were suited in heavy looking metal armour.  Each wore a helmet and face mask.  Their heavy boots shook nearby tables as they walked.  They all looked around and marched towards the bar.  The one in front took off his mask and helmet.  Underneath an ugly worn out face snarled at Frank.
“Don’t worry yourselves we’ve only come here for a drink,” he placed money on the bar.  The others all took their masks off and took a seat at an empty table.
“I’ll bring them over to you,” Frank replied.
“Darling,” the Solider winked at Beth as he joined his men.
“You’re not going to let them stay here are you?” Beth asked Frank.
“What choice do I have?  I can’t exactly tell Soldiers of the Ark to leave, they’ll have me hanged.  Besides, they will only stay here for a short time before leaving, it’s as Cap said they are only here to remind us whose still in charge.”  He poured five pints of ale and handed them to the Soldiers.  “I don’t want any trouble here tonight lads," said Frank.
“Trouble? We have only come in for a drink before we return south, it’s a long journey a man gets thirsty.” The Soldier frowned at Frank.
“Well in that case enjoy your drink,” Frank headed back around the bar.
Upon seeing the actions of the Soldiers everyone returned to their jovial mood, clearly they were not there to cause any trouble.  The band continued to play their instruments, and the laughter returned to the room.
“Is Jacob still outside?” Beth asked.
“He is with Freyja,” Frank replied.
“It is getting colder outside he should come in,” she worried.
“Leave them to it, I’m sure they will know when it’s cold enough to come inside, besides they haven’t seen each other for a while, they are probably catching up.”
One of the Soldiers approached the bar “Where are your toilets?” he asked.
“The outhouse is out the back,” Frank pointed.
“The outhouse,” he laughed. “This place really is a shit hole.” The Soldiers headed outside, he passed the table where Cap sat.  All the men halted and stared at the Soldier as he walked past.  The Soldier did not acknowledge them.  He went outside where it had begun to snow again.  He saw Jacob and Freyja still cuddling against a wall near the back.  
Jacob spotted the Soldier “I think we should go inside now,” he grabbed Freyja’s hand.  They both hurried through the thickening snow back towards the pub.
The Soldier saw their hurried look and stood in front of them. “You two seem to be enjoyed yourselves,” he slithered.
“Don’t mind us we are just going back inside,” Jacob tried to push past.
“Being rude aren’t we?” the Soldier pushed back. “You certainly are a good looking woman,” he looked Freyja up and down.  “Why don’t you let this village boy go back inside and I’ll enlighten you on what it’s like to be in the company of real men.”
“Do you mind?” Jacob used more force this time to push past.
“I do mind actually I was trying to have a conversation with this woman,” he shoved Jacob in the arm.
“Well she isn’t interested mate.”
“I ain’t your mate,” he pushed Jacob again.
“Can you stop that and let us through,” Jacob kept his head low to avoid eye contact.
“What are you going to do if I don’t?” The Soldier laughed to himself.  The Soldier saw Jacob clench his fist by his side. “Going to try to hit me with that are you?”
“Only if you don’t let us past,” Jacob gently moved Freyja behind him.
“Really a little scrawny kid like you, don’t make me laugh, now you let me talk to her and I won’t put you to the floor.”
Jacob saw only one option now, with all his strength he lifted his fist and punched the Soldier right across his jaw.  The Soldier was knocked a few steps back by the punch, it was harder than he had anticipated.  His lip had split and a few drops of blood had escaped down his chin.  He wiped the blood from his mouth and approached Jacob.  He swung a punch but Jacob saw this coming.  Jacob ducked out the way and the Soldier stumbled in the snow.  
Freyja laughed at the Soldier as he tried to gain his balance in the snow.  Jacob used this as an opportunity to punch him again.  The second punch still do not send him to the ground, instead the Solider became enraged.  He ran at Jacob lifted him in the air and crushed him against the wall at the back of the yard.  The Solider slammed into Jacob’s stomach time and time again.  Jacob was lost for breath.  Freyja hit the Soldier on the back several times to no avail.
Jacob lifted his arm up and elbowed the Soldier on the spine.  He screamed in pain.  Jacob saw a large rock on the floor and grabbed it.  Just as the Soldier turned back to Jacob, he smashed the rock against his head.  The Solider lost consciousness and fell into the blanket of snow.  A tearful Freyja embraced Jacob.
“Quick let’s get back inside,” Jacob said.
“No you can’t, you need to leave now, and they will know something has happened.  Go back to your house, I’ll pretend you were never out here.  The Soldiers will think I hit him.  They won’t do anything to me except laugh at him for getting beaten up by a woman.”
“Are you sure?” Jacob replied.
“Yes now go, I’ll see you later.” She kissed him on the cheek and went back inside the tavern.
Jacob climbed over the wall and ran back to the cottage.  The snow even deeper now made it a struggle to run, but as no one was following him he slowed down.  The snow gently fell from the sky as the moon broke through a gap in the clouds.  The moonlight shone upon the snow and allowed Jacob to easily see where he was headed.  The animals outside his cottage had all taken refuge in the barn where they would remain for the majority of the winter.  He walked inside the cottage and lit a couple of candles.  Jacob did not what to gain attention to his presence in the cottage.  
Jacob had remained in the cottage alone for thirty minutes or so waiting before the Soldiers left the village. However, there was still no sign of them leaving.  He could then hear someone walking up the pathway to the cottage.  For a moment he panicked in case the Soldiers had realised it was him.  The door opened and Beth entered the room.
“Beth what are you doing here?” Jacob was filled with relief.
Beth slapped Jacob around the face. “You silly boy!” She cried. “Of all the people to hit.”
“Freyja told you then,” he smirked.
“Wipe that smile off your face,” she stormed past him and into her room.  She came back with a rucksack.  “Here put some of your clothes in here now” she ordered.
“What… why?” Jacob was confused.
“Because as soon as those Soldiers realise it was you that threw the punch and then who I am, they will be coming for you.”
“What do mean they will be coming for me?”
“Jacob please do as I say," she shouted.
“No not until you tell me what is going on," Jacob demanded.
“Okay, quickly sit,” she pulled him down onto the chair in front on the fireplace.  “I know I have never really told you about your past and where you come from.”
“I come from this village Beth.”
“My dear Jacob you don’t, you were not born here, your parents didn’t die at sea I told you those things to keep you safe,” tears dripped down her face.
“Safe from what?”
“Jacob you are the younger brother of the Chancellor.”  Jacob didn’t reply to her he was taken back by what she said. “Your mother, whom I served, gave birth to you and I took you away hidien from the Ark.”
“How can that be, everyone is designed to only produce one child, how could she have me too?”
“That I do not know, but when you were born your father was going to have you murdered, he could not allow a second child it would completely undermine his authority.  Now your brother, the Chancellor after your father passed, has continued to search these lands for me and you.  That is why you need to go.”
“But where will I go?” Jacob stood to his feet.
“Head south, at the bottom of the mountains you will find the small city of Noreia there are people who can help you.  There are others on this land who see you as symbol of hope and change in this world.  For if you can be born and break the order then perhaps you can bring change to the people of Pangaea.”  
“But I have never strayed further then the foot of the mountains. What will I take and what will I wear?”
“I have always waited for this moment, in the barn you will find a rucksack with what you need. Wrap yourself up and leave, you must go.” Beth put her arms around him and squeezed, she did not know if she would ever see him again.
“Come with me Beth, do not stay here.” He pulled her away.
“I cannot, you must walk this journey by yourself my presence will put you in danger.”
There was a loud knock at the door.
“The basement now Jacob” Beth whispered.  Jacob hesitated for a moment. “Now,” she repeated.
Jacob walked into the kitchen and lifted a rug to reveal a hidden door that lead into the basement.  He opened the heavy timber door using a steal ring.  Dust escaped from the damp darkness.  He regrettably walked down into the basement and took a long look at Beth before he closed the door above.  Beth kicked the rug over the door.
“Open the door!” an aggressive voice shouted.
Beth ran to the door, she took a deep breath and opened the door.  “Good evening,” she welcomed three Soldiers stood on her doorstep.
“Where is the boy?” the first Solider growled.
“What boy?” Beth answered.
“The boy who assaulted one of our Soldiers, we know he lives here, hand him over or we will be forced to enter.”
“There is no boy here I live alone,” she argued.
Jacob now hidden beneath the floorboards in the damp basement stood on a stool and looked through a small hole in the floor at what was unfolding.    
“Stand aside,” the Solider pushed Beth to one side and entered the cottage, he took a quick look around. “Search the premises,” he ordered the other two as he held Beth back against the wall.
“You won’t find anything,” Beth shouted.
The two Soldiers walked through each room, looked under the beds and chairs but could not find Jacob.  “There’s nothing here,” one of them said.
“Check outside there’s a barn next door.”
They followed his orders and went outside to search the barn.
“Where is he?” The Soldier held his hand over Beth’s throat.  She did not reply except to smile back at him.  This agitated him and he threw her to the ground.  Beth lifted herself to her hands and knees and coughed.
Beth could see Jacob peering through the crack in the floorboard. “Run,” she mimed.  Although distressed by what was happening Jacob knew he could not approach the men he was clearly outnumbered.  He climbed down from the stool and rushed to the other side of the basement.  There was another little hatch that led up into the barn.  Jacob had to wait though until the other Soldiers had finished searching it.
“The boy is not in the barn either,” the Soldiers returned.
The lead Soldier frowned. “Burn this place down and bring her with us,” he walked out of the cottage and back to the others in the town square.
“You heard him come with us,” the second one grabbed Beth by the hair and lifted her to her feet.  She cried as he picked her up.
The other walked into the kitchen and turned the cooker on.  He pulled down a curtain from the window and held it over the flame.  It caught fire and began to burn.  He walked around the room and held the burning curtain against anything flammable.  Before long the room was filled with toxic smoke and the deadly warmth of the growing fire.
“Run!” Beth screamed.
“Shut her up,” the Soldier holding the curtain shouted.
The other grabbed her around the neck with his arm and dragged her from out the cottage and across the front garden.  Beth could only watch as her home erupted into flames.  All her treasures and possessions now at the mercy of the breathing fire.
The basement quickly filled with smoke, embers fell into damp puddles below, and the floor boards become weaker as the fire ate away at the cottage.  Jacob now left the basement and entered the barn.  Just as Beth had said she had left a rucksack at the rear of the barn with clothes a few tools and some food.  He put on the rucksack and before leaving the barn he released the animals so they could escape the encroaching fire.  The Soldiers nearly at the square Jacob had enough time to make his escape.  First though he had to see for himself what was going to happen to Beth, he could not leave if there were to execute her in the square.
Another ship had since landed in the square to help the Soldiers gain control of the town.  Despite their few numbers their weapons alone were enough to stop the town’s folk from disobeying orders.  The two Soldiers dragged Beth into the middle of the square and threw her to the ground.
“She will not give up the boy sir.”
Aboard the second ship was the Lord Commander of the Guardians of the Ark.  He was a lot taller than the other Soldiers, huge shoulders and hands that could crush a man’s skull.  His face littered with scars from years of battle.  He stepped out from the ship with his heavy boots.  He was dressed in polished chrome armour.  A gold crest of the Guardians, an eagle above a city skyline was imprinted on his chest.
“Hello Beth,” he spoke in a deep powerful voice.
A tearful Beth looked up and recognised the dominant figure before her “Kaelen,” she replied.  She picked herself up. “You are a long way from the Ark,” she wiped the tears away from her face.
“I could say the same for you,” he looked her up and down. “You don’t seem to have aged one bit.”
“Shame that cannot be said for you,” she smiled back at him.  “Why are you here?”
“You know why I’m here…” Kaelen looked over Beth’s shoulder and recognised Cap amongst the crowd.  “Seize that man” he ordered.
Two Soldiers marched over to Cap and pulled him from the ground.  At first he resisted flooring one of the Soldiers with a blow to the face.  Another Soldier came over the help and knocked Cap to the ground with his gun.  The three of them hauled him to join Beth and Kaelen.
“Well if it isn’t our old Lord Commander himself. Atreus.”
Most of the village were for a moment silenced by what he had just said, not many knew Cap’s real name or where he had come from.
“I always thought you would end up in a rotten tavern in the outreaches of the world,” Kaelen joked.
“So you’ve finally managed to deceive them into promoting you to Lord Commander,” Atreus snarled back.
“Do not envy me Atreus, your time has passed.” Kaelen kicked Atreus to the ground. “Kneel before me, show these worthless humans who you really are.”
“You can kick me all you want Kaelen I shall never kneel before you.”
“Very well,” he turned away. “Tie him up, let’s see if we can break him," he ordered.
A group of Soldiers picked Atreus up and tied him against the fountain.  His feet cracked through the ice and for a moment submerged in the shallow ice cold water.  He was shackled to the fountain and one by one the Soldiers took it turns to beat him.  Punch after punch Atreus would not let up.
“Now Beth, tell me where is the boy.” Kaelen turned his attention back to Beth.
“Like I told the others I do not know who you mean,” she replied.
“Do not lie to me dear, I will hit a woman.  We know you took him after the birth.  Hand him over and you can return to your quiet little life,” he looked over to the burned cottage. “Well after you salvage what you have left,” he sniggered.
Beth spat in his face. “Never.”
Away from the square Jacob watched.  He wanted to help, but as before he was now even more outnumbered.  Jacob did not have long, he had to leave now while the soldiers were in the square.  With the moon shining over the peaks of the distance mountains Jacob saw the path he needed to take.  He did not know when he would see Beth or Freyja again.  Jacob took one last look at the square and turned his back and made his way through the snow and off into the distance.
“Sir that girl was with the boy when he struck me,” the wounded Soldier spotted Freyja.
“To me,” Kaelen called out.
Another Soldier hauled a fearful Freyja from the crowd.  Frank tried to stop him but was thrown to the ground.
“So you know the boy too, where is he?” Kaelen asked.
“Leave her alone she’s just a kid," Atreus shouted.
“Shut him up,” Kaelen had the Soldiers beat Atreus until he fell dazed.
“I do not know where he is, he ran after he struck your man.  Please I have done nothing wrong,” Freyja cried.
“Do any of you know where this boy has run to?” Kaelen called out to the town, but to his disappointment not one of them replied.
“How unfortunate,” he turned away and walked back towards his ship.  “I want those three on board now,” he said to a Soldier before climbing on board.
“And what about the town sir?” The Soldier asked.
“Burn it.” Kaelen did not hesitate as he boarded the ship.
“You heard the commander,” the Soldier shouted.
They pulled Atreus from the fountain, picked up Beth and Freyja and took them on board.  The other townsfolk panicked as the Soldiers stormed into each building around the town square.  They lit whatever was flammable.  Soon enough the night sky was alight with burning buildings.  A couple of the townsfolk tried to stop the Soldiers but were pushed to the ground and shot.  The others screamed and ran from the deadly fire.  
All the Soldiers returned to the two ships.  The engines ignited, and both slowly took off into the venomous smoke ridden sky.  Kaelen’s ship briefly hovered before rapidly accelerating away.  The other ship continued to hover watching over the burning town.  Jacob saw in the distance the smoke rising into the sky as his home town crumbled to the ground.  He woefully watched as the hovering ship fired rockets into the town to knock down what the fire could not burn.  The screams of the town were drowned out by the roar of the fire and the thunderous explosions of the rockets.  There was no turning back for Jacob now, he had to continue south away from the destruction of the town.






ChApter three


Jacob had spent the last week trawling through a foot of snow to finally reach the base of the mountain peak.  He had never travelled this far from the town so was unsure of his new surroundings.  The mountain in front of him did not look as daunting as he had expected.  He could easily reach the peak in a day.  The dim sunlight was setting over the horizon and the night chill was returning.  Jacob decided to set up camp for the night here and attempt to climb after a few hours’ sleep.  He was surrounded by a clean blanket of snow for as far as the eye could see.  The only disturbance in the blanket were the mountains in front of him although they looked more like steep rocky hills with a frosting of snow.  
The moon replaced the sun as it slept.  The moonlight reflected off the snow and provided Jacob with a dazzling sight.  Each fallen snow flake sparkled in the moonlight.  To have such a beautiful view around him helped him feel at ease.  Jacob pitched his unwrapped tent in the snow.  Fit for one person it was a tight squeeze for him and his rucksack.  He wrapped himself in Beth’s thick woollen blanket and lay down.  His face kept warm by the beard he had grown over the last week.  He lay for a moment in peace and tranquillity free from the thoughts of what may lie ahead.  A breeze swept across the tent.  The nights out here could be deadly, the coldness froze water within seconds. 
Jacob knew tomorrow he would only have a short window to make it across the mountain before the night returned.  Luckily Jacob still had the watch Beth gave him as a child.  It was a very old digital watch that still managed to run on very little solar energy.  He set the alarm to wake him just before the sun rose.  That way he would allow himself enough time to give it his best shot.
Jacob woke to the sound of the alarm.  It was time for his climb.  He ate the last of the food Beth had given him.  He would only have one shot at this, with no food left Jacob would be in a dire situation if he did not make it.  He was able to use a lighter to melt snow to produce an unlimited supply of water.  He grabbed a few handfuls of snow from outside and placed them in a pot.  He held the lighter underneath the metal pot and heated the snow.  Not a great solution or quick one but he had enough time to make himself one cup of water to fill a small bottle.  
After food and water he rolled his blanket and wrapped up the tent.  The faint sun had returned to the sky to thaw the frozen air.  The clouds for a moment had laid to rest with the night and for the first time in a week Jacob was surrounded by a clear deep blue sky.  The low height of the sun allowed for a cluster of stars to remain shining upon him.  The wind had settled and there was complete silence around him.  From where he stood Jacob could see the peak of the mountain, not too high; he was confident at his ability to reach it in the next few hours.
The rucksack packed it was time for Jacob to make his climb.  He walked through the last of the blanket of snow until he reached the rocked terrain of the mountain.  The first few hundred meters were a steady incline along a snow-laden gravel trail littered with boulders.  Each footstep crunched into the deep snow.  With every hundred meters Jacob walked the snow became shallower.  To his surprise he saw a single fern tree standing next to the trail.  It was an odd sight given there was no other sign of life for miles around.  Jacob decided to take a breather next to the fern.  Icicles dangled from the branches with droplets of water falling into the bed of snow beneath.
Jacob had been walking for an hour now and the trail was becoming steeper.  With the clear blue sky above Jacob could see exactly where he had walked from.  He drank from his water bottle to replenish his dry cracked lips.  He lifted his rucksack back to his shoulders and continued on his journey up the trail.  The hill became steeper and each step that Jacob took was starting to become a struggle.  The next hundred meters took twice as long as the first two.  Perhaps climbing the hill in one day would be too much of a challenge.  Jacob tried his hardest not to focus on the burning sensation in his knees.  He used all his strength to keep moving.  
Up ahead the trail would soon become a climb.  Not impossible but not ideal if you have been walking in the cold winter’s breath for over a week.  Jacob reached the end of the trail and the beginning of a wall of crispy ice and frozen stone.  At this point Jacob decided to abandon some of his belongings.  He was half way through what little daylight hours he had.  Jacob opened his rucksack and emptied what he did not need.  At first clothes and cooking equipment were thrown to the floor.  The rucksack still an awkward necessity he decided that this was to be a one way trip and there would not be any need for a tent for he would make it over the peak.  He abandoned all his belongings except for a picture of himself as a child with Beth.  She had packed it in there without him releasing it was there until now.  He carefully folded the picture and placed it inside his coat.
A cold breeze whooshed through the mountainside, tiny ice particles grazed against Jacob’s face.  He wrapped a black handkerchief around his neck to cover his mouth and cheeks from the breeze.  He put on thinner gloves then he had previously been wearing.  His hands would surely suffer slightly from the snow and ice, however, he would be able to grip the rocks.  His boots were already made for such rough terrain.
Jacob took one look behind him, reassuring himself that this one the only option he had.  He reached out above him and grabbed onto a crack in the rock and lifted himself up onto a boulder.  Much of his climb would be focusing on finding cracks or crevices in the rock and the odd boulder attached to the wall.  The calmness of the wind made the climb easier than he had expected although the steep incline certainly made the shorter journey a lot longer to scale.
The sun edged closer to the horizon, the visibility of the path Jacob had taken became difficult to see.  He continued his climb without hesitating with one goal make the peak before sunset.  The blood flowing through his hands chilled against the frozen rock.  With every other step he would shake his hand to warm his fingers.  Fluffy woolly socks and hardened boots left his feet nice and warm, untouched from the cold.  A look down and Jacob saw he had made some progress, there was not too far for him to climb now.
	Jacob reached out to what looked like a secure ledge.  His fingers gripped hold of the jagged rock but under his weight it crumbled and broke away.  He lost his balance and his feet slipped from under him.  Without a safety harness Jacob was now dangling, his left hand gripped hard against the rock.  A couple beads of sweat trickled down his forehead.  A sense of panic and fear overwhelmed him.  Surrounded by the peaceful wilderness Jacob could only hear his heart beat increasing with every second he remained hanging.
First Jacob calmed down his breathing, it was no good panicking. There was no one to help except himself.   He tried to use his feet to regain his grip, but each foot kept slipping against the ice.  His left arm now under intense pressure he had to find some grip from somewhere or he would soon find himself face down in the blanket of snow beneath him.  After a deep breath he used every ounce of energy to reach out with his right hand to another crevice.  Unlike before the rock was secure.  With the relief in pressure on his left arm he could now look around for a safe place to put his feet.  Above the ice where he previously stood a two inch rock peered out.  There was enough space for one foot to rest on top.  He could now take a quick break and recover for a moment.
Near the tip of the horizon the sun would soon be setting, Jacob’s natural light and only source of warmth would soon disappear.  From what he knew of the daylight he had an hour at best perhaps less.  Reclaiming his confidence he resumed his climb.  He did not stay in one place too long.  Each crevice colder than the last his hands would tingle at the bitterness from the rock.  His pace picked up. It would not be too long before he reached the summit.
Half of the sun had now fallen below the skyline.  The rock toughened, and the breeze returned with a hardened gust.  The elements were quickly turning against Jacob.  The sky above darkened into an intense crimson, his outlook disappearing.  Soon he would be besieged by the winter’s night.  Something he did not want to face whilst suspended against a mountainside.  To his relief he did not have much longer to climb.  Before long his next stretch landed his hand on the snowy mountain peak.  At first his hand slipped as he tried to clutch the brittle snow.  Unlike before he kept his balance and tried again.  This time a he found a stable rock and managed to use it to lift his body up onto the peak.
With his body now up over the edge Jacob collapsed on his back into the carpet of snow.  He did not move for a few moments.  Relief flowed through his whole body as he lay in ecstasy.  Jacob rolled over onto his front and looked ahead.  He had not quite made the other side just yet.  The peak continued for a few hundred more meters until the horizon disappeared.  The crimson sky slowed darkened.  The natural light from the sun had now abandoned Jacob, he was truly alone.  
Not wanting to freeze Jacob picked himself up and made his way across the peak.  The wind bellowed lifting the top layer of snow and creating a hostile environment for Jacob to walk through.  He tightened his hood and lifted the handkerchief closer to his eyes.  Only his eyes were left exposed to the claws of winter.  The snow up here was stiffer than below.  The high altitude and drop in temperature froze the snow.  Jacob had to use more energy to break through it.  The night’s sky above soon disappeared above the dark clouds.  Jacob’s visibility had almost vanished.  He could see a few feet in front of him and knew the direction he needed to take, this was enough to reassure himself he was heading the right way.
Jacob had hiked through the snow for another hour.  He was not sure how much longer his body would last.  Frost bite had made its way into his boots and the bitterness left him breathless.  Jacob was ready to give in to the supremacy of the harsh winter.  He took as many heavy steps that his body would allow.  Without warning the visibility re-emerged, and the moon awoke from behind the clouds.  The wind had settled, and the air had warmed slightly.  A few steps in front of Jacob was the edge of the peak, he had finally reached the other side.
Behind Jacob within the winter’s breath a bird’s call echoed.  Not many birds lived this far north, but this was unlike any he had heard before.  He could hear its wings beat against the wind.  He turned around for a closer look but could not see any sign of its presence.  The squawk echoed again.  A cold gust of air fluttered around him as a large shadow flew above from out the mist.  Jacob ducked and turned to watch the bird appear before him.  It soared high into the night’s sky.  He was taken back at the size of the bird.  Similar to an eagle it was at huge in comparison to himself.  Its golden brown feathers glimmered against the moonlight.  It glided across the horizon and then dove into the darkness below.  This was surely a good sign, Jacob must have been closer to a warmer and kinder environment.
Jacob stepped closer to the edge and peered down.  It looked like an easier climb down compared to the one up despite it appearing twice as high.  He looked beyond the mountainside and could see the faint lights flickering from what he had assumed was the city of Noreia.  The city was large in contrast to the size of Jacob’s village.  He had not seen another house outside the village let alone a city.  He was excited but also nervous for what lay ahead.
Jacob waited a few minutes to pick out a route down the jagged rocks.  The weather was calmer on this side of the mountain.  Very little snow had fallen, and the ice was a mere frost coating along the rocks.  He found a ledge to climb down.  It lead down to several others, the easiest route he could see.  Jacob carefully stepped onto the ledge, a few stones crumbled away from the ledge and bounced toward the ground.  A sign to Jacob that he would have to take each step cautiously.  After a number of small steps his confidence had grown, he was now picking the pace up.
Before long he had reached the last remaining ledge.  Below was another trail similar to the one he had hiked up, except this gravel trail was not sprinkled with snow.  Instead a light dusting of frost scattered across the barren land.  Jacob jumped down to the ground.  He was thankful there would be no more climbing on his journey to Noreia.   He was concentrating so hard on not falling he had not realised the air had warmed ever so slightly.  His breath still danced before him but his face was not blistered by the cold.  
Jacob could now gaze upon a better view of Noreia.  The night’s sky still shone but he could make out a lot more detail of the sprawling city.  A large stone tower rose high into the sky from the centre of the city with a flame roaring from the top.  The rest of Noreia was littered with a few stone building and thousands of huts built from corrugated iron and thick blankets.  There were lanterns scattered outside the cities walls within fields.   Jacob felt blessed to have come from such a crafted village.  It would still be awhile before he would reach the city.  
Ahead Jacob caught sight of another scout ship.  It circled the city several times with a bright search light scouting the ground.  Not wanting to be seen he found a large boulder to hide behind.  He peered over and saw two men running from the city and up onto the trail below him.  The scout ships were still far away, but he did not want to take any risks.
“Halt,” a Solider ordered from the ship.
One of the men stopped running and held his hands above his head.  The other took another route and continued to escape.  The first ship hovered and landed next to the man.  The second maintained its speed and followed the other.  Two Soldiers walked from out the stationary ship.  It was hard for Jacob to make out what was being said.  The Soldiers aimed weapons at the man and he fell to his knees.  One Soldier approached him and aimed the weapon at his head.  Without warning he fired, and the man fell motionless to the floor.  The gunshot echoed across the trail.
“Halt or we will be forced to fire,” a voice from the second ship called out.
The second man did not stop.  He did not look behind but only continued to run away from the pursuing ship.  It opened fire, and the man was caught in the back, for a moment he took a few more steps before he crumbled to the ground.  The ship hovered over him for an instant and once the man was confirmed dead it turned around and flew back to the city along with the other ship.
Jacob did not know why these two men were put to rest, only that he would have to tread carefully wherever he went.  He waited a moment behind the boulder before deciding which path to take.  Whilst the main path would lead him directly to Noreia he would also be in full view to anyone looking out.  To the right and left were other ways Jacob could take.  Not a clear pathway, with rocks and boulders littering the land and a few steep cliffs along the way.  
Clouds had covered the night’s sky leaving Jacob with little view of either route he took.  As he was currently sat left of the trail he decided this would be his route.  He picked himself up and cautiously walked across the boulder field.  A callous breeze swept throughout the land.  Jacob lifted his hood to protect his head from the cold.  The loose gravel crackled underneath each step he took.  
Jacob reached the first cliff, nowhere near as high as the mountainside he had just climbed down.  He peered over the edge, the drop was only around ten feet.  His first thought was to jump, but he could not risk injuring himself.  An easier, safer option was to lower himself down.  He sat on the edge and held on with his hands as he lowered his body.  The jagged rocks sliced open one of his gloves and pieced his skin.  He pulled his hand away and fell to the ground, not the landing he had hoped for.  Slightly bruised Jacob brushed the dust from his clothes and rose to his feet.
The ground was softer, grains of sand and dirt filled the cracks in the gravel.  Jacob was walking toward a friendlier environment than he had been used to most his life.  After a couple of smaller ledges he found himself closer to Noreia.  His lips cracked with every breath he took, it had been several hours since his last drop of water.  A water source was top of his list once he had entered the city.






CHAPTER FOUR


Noriea was surrounded by dying farm land.  Despite the harshness of the land a small amount of crops managed to grow.  Jacob walked through the field, avoiding the trivial crops.  At the foot of the field a stone wall surrounded the city.  There were several wooden gates allowing entrance.  The first Jacob had approached was closed.  He did not knock or make a sound instead he decided to try a few more in case one was open, that way he would keep his presence to a minimum.  The second and third gate were both closed, but the fourth was still open.  Jacob noticed the footprints of the two men who had ran from the city.  Not far from the gates a whaling woman was on her knees, mourning her loss.  A small crowd gathered by the gate discussing the woman and the two lost souls.  Jacob saw this as his opportunity to gain entrance.  The whaling woman provided enough cover for him to sneak past.
Jacob walked through the streets to look for a sign of somewhere he could lay down for the night.  Not many people were awake at this hour, they looked somewhat different to those Jacob had lived with for so many years.  The men were clean shaven, so Jacob’s beard already helped him stand out.  They were not as burley as the northern fisherman, clearly they did not need the extra body weight to keep them warm when the weather was not as fierce Jacob had grown to withstand.  The streets were muddy and narrow with the corrugated steel huts overhanging the street lights.  It looked very much like a shanty town.  
Between the steel a brick building stood out, with its lights still on and a sign overhead “B&B”.  Jacob saw this as a potential place to rest.  He pushed open the heavy oak door.  The inside was very different to what Jacob had expected.  The walls draped with huge hand-woven tapestries, the varnished wooden floor covered by a Persian rug.  The light came from a glass chandelier that hung in the centre of the room.  There were a few small tables and chairs at either side of the room and a reception toward the front.  Jacob stood at the empty desk where a vase filled with freshly picked tulips sat.  It was a rarity in the far reaches of the north to sense the beauty of such vibrant flowers.  
A short, old woman walked gracefully from the rear of the reception and up to the desk.  She was dressed in a long silk dress with a cotton cardigan.  
“How can I help you dear?” she asked with a softy spoken voice.
“I need somewhere to rest for the night,” Jacob replied.
“Well you have come to the right place, I have several rooms available.”
“How much will it cost me to stay the night, I have very little on me,” he rummaged through his pockets to see if he could find any coins Beth may have left him.  He found a couple and placed them on the desk.
The lady looked up at Jacob. “You are not from around here are you?”
“No I’m not, I’m from a small fishing village north of here.”
“Why ever have you travelled down here especially at this hour? Did the Soldiers come to your village, we saw a couple of scout ships return from the north a week ago?”
“Sort of, but I’d rather not talk about it, I just need some rest.” Jacob pushed the coins closer to her hand.
“Sorry dear I don’t mean to keep you, your room is the second on the left upstairs.  Perhaps I can prepare some breakfast for you in the morning?” She handed him the key.
“Thank you that would be great.” He took the key and made his way to the room.
To Jacob’s surprise his room was very much similar to his own room back home.  He took his coat and boots off, unzipped his trousers and climbed into the bed.  As he closed his eyes he quickly drifted off to sleep.
Jacob was woken as the sun pieced through the curtains in his room.  The warmth of its gaze comforted his chiselled face.  He opened his eyes and stretched his arms.  On the table beside the bed a warm cup of tea and freshly cooked toast.  The old lady had been in the room and must have opened the curtains slightly to wake him.  Jacob did not mind the intrusive nature of the lady as he was grateful for the tea and toast.  His first wash in over a week next awaited him.  The bathroom only had a shower but this he did not mind.  He relaxed as the hot water massaged his back.  Once he had eaten and washed he walked downstairs where he was greeted by the old lady.
“I hope you enjoyed your sleep,” she smiled.
“I certainly did, and thank you for the breakfast this morning,” he smiled back.
“You are very welcome, please sit for moment.  You haven’t even told me your name.” They both sat at one of the tables in the reception.
“Jacob,” he replied.
“That isn’t a very northern name now is it?”
“You speak as if you know the north very well. What is your name?”
“I am Thora and yes that is a northern name.  I once lived in the furthest northern reaches of this land before the winter took away my husband.  I travelled south with my son and settled here.”
“I did wonder why my room felt awfully familiar,” he chuckled.
“Now why would someone from the south decide to settle in the North?”
“I didn’t, my family chose to.  Tell me what is there to do during the day in this city?”
“There is a market near the centre you could perhaps have a wonder to, perhaps you might find something useful for your travels.  There are also squares dotted about the city with different restaurants and shops, as you can imagine from the look pf the city they’re not something to shout about.” Thora stood from the table. “Perhaps I may see you there later.  Now be careful Jacob you are very different to the locals here.  They do not always take kindly to strangers.”
“Thank you for the hospitality, I’m sure I will see you this evening.” Jacob left the building.  At this point the sun was higher in the sky than he had seen for a long time.  Although it was not sweltering the cool winter’s warmth of the sun was hotter than anything he had felt that week.  The streets were busier now.  The people here were dressed very differently to Jacob.  They did not wear the thick winter clothes he did.  The men dress in factory trousers and dirty cotton shirts.  Their skin coated with dust, their stubble faces spotted with dirt.  The majority of women wore long flowing skirts and loose t-shirts.  Like the men their skin wasn’t the cleanest.  Water here seemed like a luxury most could barely afford.
Jacob walked down the dirty street between the rusty steel huts.  In the distance he could see smoke billowing out from two brick chimneys housed on top of an enormous factory.  A conveyer belt carried jagged rocks from the ground into the factory.  This confused Jacob for a moment, he had always been told the earth had now been stripped of any natural resources and useful minerals, so what were they mining?  At this time though he had no one to ask and find out why.
At the end of the street Jacob saw the market.  It was housed in a large steel warehouse.  Crowds of people poured into the only entrance at the front.  He joined them and entered.  The humidity was uncomfortable inside, with no windows air could only escape out of the one entry point.  Heavy metal lamps hung from the ceiling to dimly illuminate the warehouse.  The air above was besieged with grains of dust from outside.  The stalls made from rotten wood and flea ridden cloth, were stood in rows along the warehouse, the majority sold clothes and food.  There were a few exceptions selling items some would find useful for their homes.  
Jacob walked down the first isle.  The initial stall sold items picked from the farms outside the city.  Although fresh, they did not seem particularly appetizing.   The land outside was hardly fertile, not much could grow in these barren fields but people needed to eat and any food would suffice.  After walking past a few clothes stalls, one caught his eye.  This stall had items that looked hundreds of years old.  There were the basic cups, plates and cutlery.  But then items such as watches, jewellery, compasses and old electronics.
“Excuse me, how old are some of these items?” Jacob asked an old fragile man who sat behind the counter reading a book.
“Depends which ones you’re interested in.  Some a hundred years old others even older,” he raised his head and replied.
“You compasses are broken,” Jacob pointed out.
“They are not broke, they cannot adjust to the change in the earth’s magnetic field, no compass can.”
Jacob reached down into his pocket and pulled out a compass Beth had given to him some years ago.  “How about this one?”
The old man lowed his book and glanced at Jacob “What do you have there?”  He came from behind the stall for a closer look. “May I?” He held his hand out.
“Certainly,” Jacob placed the compass in the man’s hand.
The man lifted his reading glasses and inspected the item.  “A working compass, please tell me where you found this.”
“I didn’t find it, it was given to me by a friend.  How old do you think it is?”
“Oh, this can only be a few decades old, not like the ones you see on the table.”
“How can that be, I didn’t think items like these could be made anymore what with the magnetic field and all.”
“They can’t, well not here on the ground at least.  You see the symbol on the back?” He turned the compass over, there was a symbol carved on the back. “The symbol is known as the Ankh, it symbolises eternal life.”
“How do you know this?” Jacob took the compass.
“That is the symbol that was given to those sent out to explore the far reaches of the ocean by the previous Chancellor.”
“Why would they need a compass? Surely with the technology they have they would not need to rely on such an old relic,” Jacob now placed the compass back in his pocket.
“Beyond the horizon navigation becomes difficult, a lot of their technology will not work at great distances from the Ark.  They need to rely on old relics as you put it.  Please would you be interested in a trade for such an item?” The man was keen to get hold of the compass.
“I’m sorry this is not for sale, especially as you say it will come in useful if I ever travel beyond the horizon.”
“Travel beyond the horizon,” he laughed. “No man from the ground has ever sailed that far and returned,” the old man returned behind the table.
“Well it’s been a pleasure talking to you,” Jacob smiled.
“And to you good sir,” the man replied.
Jacob continued his journey through the market.  After a while looking at endless stalls he came to the food court.  A collection of trailers huddled in a circle with tables and chairs in the middle. The trailers had seen better days, the metal corroded and coated in a thin layer of dust.  Jacob was sure the food could not be much better.  First he inspected each one to decide which was had the least ghastly smell.  He chose the smallest of the trailers.  It was ran by two young women, their good looks made up for the dreadful looking food.  Their beauty contrasted the dirt from the warehouse and it wasn’t a surprise that their food was popular.
“May I ask what it is your selling?” he asked one of the women.
She looked up at him expressionless, before continuing to move around what Jacob had hoped were burgers.
“Hello?” Jacob spoke up.  This time she did not look up at him.
“You will have to excuse my friend she does not speak your language,” the other woman interrupted.  She then shouted at her friend in a language Jacob was unfamiliar with.  “We sell burgers as you can see.”
“I can see the burgers, I mean what are they made from.”
“It would be best not to ask, there are not too many animals around here, so we have to make do with what we can get.  Our customers do not complain.”
“Your accent, you’re not from around here are you?” 
“Neither are you,” she scorned.
“No I’m not, just visiting.  I’ll take one of your burgers I guess,” he placed a couple of coins on the counter in front.
She placed the greasy burger between two stale buns and handed it to Jacob. “You can take a seat over there if you don’t want to eat amongst the crowds.”
“Thank you,” Jacob replied.  He turned away and took a seat at an empty table.  Despite the empty tables and chairs he could not escape the noise from the market.  Jacob did not mind the somewhat gloomy view before him, he’d rather civilisation in any form then the previous week of isolation in the wilderness of the North.
Jacob finished eating his burger and left the food court.  He carried on along the dank and narrow market streets.  Each isle became repetitive with clothes, junk, clothes and junk.  He had seen enough, he headed back to the entrance.  Ahead he could see people pushed to the ground.  From the crowd in front a rugged boy emerged and ran into Jacob.
“Let me go!” the boy yelled as Jacob held him.
“Why are you running?” he asked.
“Please let me go they will catch me,” the boy was clearly agitated.
“Who will get you?” 
“Over there the guards, please sir you must release me.”
Jacob looked up and saw two guards pushing through the crowd.  He took pity upon the boy and let him go.  The boy didn’t stay around, he bolted into the sea of people and disappeared between the stalls.  Next to Jacob’s feet the boy had dropped a piece of paper.  He didn’t have time to see what was written on it, the two guards reached Jacob.  They were hard looking Soldiers dressed in steel armour with their faces hidden behind ghoulish masks.  One of the guards continued to run after the boy as the other confronted Jacob.
“Why did you let the boy leave sir?” the Solider asked.
“I didn’t let him go he pushed past me,” Jacob walked past the Solider.
“Excuse me sir please do not walk away,” the Soldier raised his hand gun.  The crowd around them stood back with a gasp.
“Like I said he pushed past me,” Jacob heard the Soldier pull out the gun so lifted both arms into the air and turned around.
“Your citizen card please,” he demanded.
“Citizen Card?” a confused Jacob replied.
“Do not let me repeat myself, you heard what I said.”
Just as Jacob was about to reply a short skinny man in dirty overalls with glasses and scruffy hair jumped from the crowd and came between the two of them.  “Wait, he is with me don’t shoot.”
The guard stepped back. “Sir move out of the way.”
“Please listen, he forgot his card look here it is,” the man held out a citizen card.
The Solider cautiously took the card from his hand.  He looked at the card and glanced at Jacob.  He used his radio to check the validity of the card.  “He checks out,” he handed the card to Jacob.  “Sir, next time please move out of the way and make sure you keep your citizen card on you at all times.”  The Solider headed into the direction of his colleague.
“Quick, come with me,” the man grabbed Jacob’s arm and they pushed past the crowds of people to leave the market. 
“Where are you taking me?” Jacob halted at the entrance to the market.  Disgruntled shoppers had to push past him.
“Keep moving and I will tell you.”
“How can I trust you?” Jacob asked.
“I am a friend of Thora she told me you would be here.  Please come and I can tell you more.”  Her name was enough for Jacob to follow the man, he didn’t exactly have much choice as he didn’t really know what he was to do in Noreia and it may not be long before the Soldiers realised who he was.  
Jacob followed the man further into the city away from the market.  They stuck to the main street that lead into the city centre.  There were less shanty houses and more brick or stone built buildings reaching higher into the sky.  Despite the sun above the city in the midday sky the air still had a coldness about it.  They walked past a playground full of scruffy children playing on the rusty climbing frames.  The swings and slides hardly looked safe but in this depleted world the children had to make do with what they had.  The laughter from the children brought a smile to Jacob’s face.  After the week he had endured it was pleasant to see someone enjoying life.
Around the corner from the playground they came to a square.  In the centre was a dry stone fountain, it had been years since the water flowed through its pipes.  Around the edge of the square were several cafés and bars.  Despite the poverty Jacob had witnessed the city still found time to enjoy the luxuries of what food and drink it had left.  The man settled for a café in the corner of the square out of the view from most passer buyers.
“Good afternoon, can I get either of you a drink?” a young girl asked the two of them.
“Can we have two coffees please?” the man replied.
“Coffee, I didn’t know you could still get fresh coffee?” Jacob laughed.
“I wouldn’t exactly call the coffee fresh.  Most of the food and drink here is manufactured.  The food has barely enough nutrients in them to pass as food and the drink is merely flavoured water.  Did you not have the same in the North?”
“No, we lived mainly off what we caught from the sea and what we could farm from the land.”
“Farm from the land? You lived in bloody snow and ice, what exactly could you farm?”
“You would be surprised at what we could achieve up there, the land was very fertile underneath the snow.  During the summer months we could grow enough food to last the winter.”
“Well done you,” he laughed sarcastically.
The girl returned with their drinks.  In old mugs the steam evaporated from the warm, weak coffee.  She placed two paper coasters on the table and the drinks on top.  She smiled at both of them and walked over to another table.
“Do you not need to pay?” Jacob asked.
“When we leave I will, this place is based on trust.”
“If it is based on trust then why have you not yet told me your name?” 
“You have not asked,” he laughed. “My name is Erik, I am the son of the North Commander of The People’s Army, and we are the resistance.”
“The resistance? You don’t exactly seem to have much of a presence here.  All I’ve seen are Soldiers.  Where exactly is this army?”
“We walk amongst the shadows of the North, we cannot expose our strength until we are ready.  Every day we build in numbers and with your presence amongst our ranks people will be drawn to us.  You are the symbol of change.”  
“Why do people keep saying that? I am only one man,” Jacob spoke with frustration.
“Correct you are one man, but your very existence will give people hope.  You should not exist, we have all been genetically programmed to produce one off spring to keep population under control and yet here you are a second born.”
“So what am I supposed to do now then?”
“Now I have found you we head south to the City of Ruins.  My father is waiting for you, he will then have the next steps.”
“If you’re the Northern Army then where is the rest of the Army?” Jacob was still wary at this point.
“Our leader keeps himself hidden in the Forest of Arcadia beneath the Mountain of…”
“That’s bullshit” Jacob interrupted. “The Forest of Arcadia is a myth spoken about by drunken fisherman.  The land is barren, you struggle to grow crops, how can the land give birth to an infinite forest.”
“The forest sits below the Mountain of Elysian, where fresh water lies beneath.  I have been there only once, believe me it is very real and in the coming months you will believe too.”
“So how do we escape this City? I’m assuming it won’t be as easy to just walk out the front gates.”
“No it won’t. The ease of passage you experienced at the northern gate will be nothing like the southern gate.  That gate is a heavily armed fortress.”
“Then how do you expect to get through?”
“I don’t, there is a maze of tunnels and caves we can use beneath the city.  They were used during the wars and lead to an opening a couple of miles south of the city.  Now I have found you we can return to my house and prepare to leave.”
The two of them stood from the table and true to his word Erik left the money for the drinks.  They headed across the square opposite from where they had entered.  Erik did not live too far from the factory.  Just as they were about to enter Erik’s name was called out from behind them.  They looked behind and Thora was running towards them.
“Thora,” Erik said and he helped her come to a halt.  “Why are you running?” he asked.
“They know you are here,” she said to Jacob.
“How can that be? The Soldiers didn’t recognise him at market.”
“Well after your altercation they entered my establishment and searched all the rooms.  So they know you’re here now.  Erik you must lead Jacob from here now.  I have spoken to the others and they will make sure your supplies are at the entrance to the tunnels.”
Jacob and Erik stood still for a moment, although Erik had prepared himself for the moment he must leave he did not expect it to be as dramatic.  Overhead a loud siren could be heard every 10 seconds.
“What the hell is that?!” Jacob yelled.
“They are calling a curfew, that’s one quick way to find us,” Erik joked.
“Please you must leave now, go and be safe,” Thora hugged Erik and grabbed Jacob by the hands. “It has been an honour to meet you Jacob, I know you can give us the hope we all crave.  Goodbye.” Thora turned her back and walked away.
Jacob turned to Erik. “We had better get a move on then.”
“Yes we must,” Erik lead the way through the streets toward the factory.






chapter five


Jacob and Erik had arrived at the front of the factory.  It was huge in comparison to any other building Jacob had seen in the city.  The factory was enclosed within a ten foot brick wall.  Inside the factory was comprised of two steal built warehouses.  Two chimneys rose from behind with thick black smoke that escaped into the sky.  The conveyer belt had halted since the siren had begun.  The factory was deserted, the machines stopped and for a moment there was silence.
“Beneath the furnace we will find our exit.  When get there we blow the entrance, we can’t risk the chances of being followed,” Erik led the way.
The wind blew dust through the courtyard.  A bronze statue of the previous Chancellor stood motionless in the centre.  Jacob stood before it.
“You know this is the first time I’ve laid eyes on my father.”
“As much as I care for sentimental moments, we really don’t have time.”  Erik pulled Jacob away from the statue.  
They walked through the main doors into the factory.  Inside a crow called from the steel girders overhead.  Huge machines lined the walkway that lead the way to the furnace.  The air inside was filled with a noxious dust.  Jacob covered his mouth with his scarf to protect himself.  The sunlight that made it through the murky windows sparked off the particles.  The furnace was behind an enormous steel door.  Erik pulled on the leaver and the door slid open.  Ash escaped from the room.  It was pitch black inside.  Just as Thora had promised two bags were next to the furnace.  Erik rummaged through the first bag and pulled out two head lamps.
“Put this one,” he passed one to Jacob.
Erik switched on his lamp but it barely made a difference inside the furnace.  The piles of ash inside crumbled with each step they took.  Erik stopped at the centre of the furnace.  He bent down and swept the ash away.  Underneath there was a small metal door screwed to the floor.
“Jacob, if you look inside the bag you will find a small sac of tools, can you go get it for me?”
Jacob grabbed the tools and handed them to Erik.  
“Keep a look out whilst I open this door.”
Jacob stood at the entrance of the furnace and kept watch.  Erik pulled out a screwdriver and started the painful task of unscrewing the worn screws. The wind echoed through the empty factory, the crow swooped from the girders and danced between the sparkling particles of dust.  The way it majestically flew between the machines reminded Jacob of the birds that would glide across the ocean waves against the morning sun.  The crow landed in the middle of the factory, it rustled its feathers and squawked towards Jacob.
“How are you getting on?” Jacob muttered.
“Just a few more to go, these last few are proving to be a bastard to move,” Erik replied.
The crow scratched its wing with its beak and squawked again.  It looked behind and took off into the air.  It took one more circuit around the factory and then flew outside.  Jacob followed the path of the crow and saw why the crow had suddenly left.  Jacob and Erik were about to be interrupted.
“Erik are you nearly done?” Jacob panicked.
“Two more to go,” Erik grunted.
“Well you had better hurry, we’ve got company.”
Erik dropped the screwdriver. “Shit,” he crouched next to Jacob.  “You continue with these screws and I’ll sort these out.”
Jacob didn’t hesitate, he picked up the screwdriver and continued to unscrew the metal plate.  Erik meanwhile went back into his bag and pulled out two blocks of explosives.  He carefully placed each one either side of the furnace.  An old digit watch was tied to each block.  Erik set the time to two minutes.  This added more pressure on Jacob to get the screws out.  Jacob was down to the last screw this one was moving but at a slower pace, rust had eaten away at the screw.  Erik then pulled out a long tube, Jacob did not at first recognise what this was.  Erik snapped it and it began to burn.  It was a flare, he launched it across the factory floor.  The intense burning filled the room with thick red smoke.  This had given them enough cover to escape.  The Soldiers could be heard coughing in the smoke.
The last screw finally came out. “Done,” Jacob shouted.  
“About time, move out the way,” Erik pushed Jacob to one side.  He leant down and with all his energy he pushed the heavy metal plate to one side.  A swirl of air escaped from the hole beneath.  They heard shouting from the Soldiers.
“You’re going to have to jump now Jacob,” Erik threw down the two bags.
“How far is the drop?” Jacob asked.
“Does it matter in less than a minute this room is going to be nothing more than rubble.  Now jump!” Erik ordered.
Jacob lowered his body into the darkness below and with one deep breath he let go.  It was about a fifteen foot drop below, a mound of dirt cushioned the fall.  Jacob rolled out of the way so Erik could follow.  Erik landed safely, picked up the two bags and threw one to Jacob.
“Come on time to get moving,” Erik hurried in front, there was no time to stop moving.
Lights were shone down into the cave from the furnace.  The Soldiers shouted just as they saw the explosives.  Jacob could hear them panic and run from the furnace.  Erik’s watch beeped.
“Get down,” Erik shouted.
The furnace erupted into a fireball that escaped into the cave.  It ripped through above them, the heat was almost unbearable.  Once the fireball had passed the whole cave began to violently shake.
“Run,” Erik picked up Jacob.
They both ran further into the cave.  Rocks fell from the ceiling, dust rushed past.  The furnace caved in behind them.  They ran down a small tunnel, the dull jagged rocks reflected no light from their headlights.  After a few minutes Erik slowed down the pace.
“We should be okay for now, here take this,” Erik passed Jacob a bottle of water from his bag.
Jacob took a long refreshing gulp from the bottle. “Thanks. Are you sure they can’t follow us?”
“Did you not hear the explosion behind us, we will soon be far away from here.  Don’t drink it all,” Erik took the bottle from Jacob. “We must be careful with our supplies.”
“How far does this tunnel go?”
“It carries on a bit further then there should be an opening into a bigger chamber.”
“There should be? Have you not been here before?” Jacob was unsure at Erik’s lack of experience.
“Whether or not I have been here doesn’t matter, I have been told the path I know where we need to go.  Now let’s continue,” Erik scorned.
Jacob did not reply but followed Erik further into the darkness.  There was a stale smell in the air the further they walked.  The heat increased and Jacob felt the sweat trickle down his forehead.  Whilst it was uncomfortable Jacob would always prefer to be over heated than sat frozen on top of a mountain side.
Half an hour had past and the tunnel began to widen.  Erik slowed down just as the tunnel led into a larger opening.  Jacob and Erik stood side by side and looked at their new surroundings.  Jacob was took aback by what he saw.  The light from his headlamp illuminated the rocks above.  Huge limestone pillars hung from the ceiling, tiny crystals imbedded within the limestone sparkled.  Droplets of fresh water fell from the pillars and into the dark abyss below.  The cave stretched each side into darkness.  
“Exactly how far are we below the surface?” Jacob wondered.
“Given how long we have been walking I’d say easily a good couple hundred feet, especially as there is fresh water below us.  Can you hear it?” Erik replied.
Jacob leant over the edge and he could hear the trembling of water passing through the cave.  The damp and humid surroundings were a change to the dry and desolate surface they had just fled from.
“Which way now?” Jacob asked.
“You tell me, you’re the one with the compass.”
Jacob reached into his pocket for the compass.  He steadily held it out on the palm of his hand.  Jacob rotated the compass until the needle rested pointing north.
“This way it is then,” Erik pointed south.  They turned right and continued along the path.  The droplets of water from the limestone mixed with the gravel walkway proved a challenge to walk across.  They had to slow their pace down so not to lose their balance.
“Can you hear that?” From above Jacob could hear screeching.
“Yes I can.  I was told these caves are riddled with life.  They harness perfect conditions for life to continue its existence as if the surface never existed.”
The darkness ahead was interrupted by faint spots of light.  The further Jacob and Erik walked the brighter these spots became.  Soon it was clear what they were.   Tiny plants grew from the cracks in the walls.  To Jacob’s surprise the leaves on the plants were illuminated by microscopic hairs that somehow gave off light.  Jacob stopped for a moment to take a closer look.  He rubbed his finger along one of the leaves.  He pulled his hand away sharply as the leaf stung his finger.  The hairs gave off an incredible heat. 
“Yeah I wouldn’t touch those if I were you,” Erik laughed.
“How…..what….what are they?” Jacob was astounded by the plants.
“I have no idea, others have told me about the things they have seen and heard down here.  All I can say is, if it’s not familiar then stay away.  Before we carry on switch your light off for a moment.”
“Why?”
“If you are stunned at that one tiny plant then turn your light off and you will see what appears from out the darkness.” Erik turned off his light. “Go on turn it off.”
Jacob followed Erik and turned his off too.  Within seconds a dim glow appeared along the walls.  These miniature plants were scattered across the cave.  They even stretched down into the abyss below them.  Larger but dimmer plants grew along the stream of water.  Jacob was amazed at the sight before him, the world above the surface had become a hostile environment and yet down in the depths of the earth, nature’s beauty could not be beaten.
“I guess life will always find a way to survive.  Switch your lamp back on Jacob the light from the plants aren’t going to help you get anywhere fast.” The light from the plants was absorbed by the light from their head lamps as they switched them on again.  “Just keep walking and we will soon get out of this place.”
A miniscule particle floated harmless in the glow from Jacob’s lamp.  He held his hand out to it, but it suddenly floated away.  He moved his head for a closer look.  The particle was actually a living organism.  It was a small jelly fish like create that simply danced in the light.  He moved his head and spotted several others around him.  He looked up and Erik had already continued along the path.  Not wanting to get left behind he hurried along.
Within the solitude of the cave the gravel along the path started to shake.  Droplets of water violently fell to the ground.  The screeching from the hidden animals above disappeared.  A huge limestone pillar collapsed from the ceiling and crashed into the water below.  As quickly as the trembling had started it soon stopped.
“What the hell was that?” Jacob quivered.
“I’d say they’ve finally broken through.”
“Broken through?” Jacob screamed.  “I thought we’d be safe after you blew the furnace.”
“Only until they cleared the rubble.  Did you actually believe they would let you escape so easily?  Look there should be a bridge about a mile ahead of us.  We cross that, I blow it and we should bide ourselves more time to escape.  Just watch your step and let’s start running.”
Jacob followed Erik along the cave and watched every step he made as he ran down the slippery path.  Despite how far they had already travelled he could hear the soldiers behind.  His heart rate increased and his breathing quickened.  Even though he had already had an encounter with the soldiers it felt worse running from them in the dark humid cave.
“Come on,” Erik grabbed a flailing Jacob. “We haven’t got far to go.”
They ran the mile and just as Erik had said Jacob saw a bridge.  At this point the cave had widened further and he could not see the other side.  To Jacob the bridge looked more unsafe then the pathway they had just ran down.  Rotten wooden slats were kept together by decaying ropes. The bridge led way into the darkness.  There was no telling where it lead but Jacob had to trust Erik.
“So you expect this bridge to hold both our weight?” Jacob laughed.
“What choice do we have?  They will be here any minute,” Erik counted.
Unconvinced Jacob took a step onto the first wooden plank, it creaked and swayed above the canyon.  He gulped and continued to take another step.  Jacob heard the shouts of the Soldiers in the distance.  Their flashlights illuminated the ceiling above, they had almost caught up with them.
“Erik!” Jacob shouted.
“Jacob continue across I will set the charges,” Erik knelt down and emptied his bag.  He placed explosives along the foot of the bridge. “If you walk into the darkness they will not know of your presence.”
“You’re not staying are you?” Jacob cried.
“A small sacrifice for the greater good.  Ideally I wouldn’t but given their about to reach us what choice do I have.”
“You don’t have to do this.”
“Jacob continue do not stop for me, you are more important to the fate of Pangaea then me.  Leave now and whistle when you reach the other side and I will take care of everything else.”
“Erik!” Jacob cried one last time.
“Go,” Erik stared at Jacob to leave.
Jacob did not argue anymore, he turned around and carefully made his way across the bridge.  Erik had finished laying the explosives along the bridge.  He plugged in the trigger and from his bag he grabbed a hand gun.  The Soldiers crept ever closer.  Just as they came into view Erik switched off his head lamp and crouched next to the wooden pole that held the rope handle.
The Soldiers spotted Erik’s bag and halted.  Erik saw this as the perfect opportunity.
“Jacob follow your destiny and free Pangaea!” Erik shouted.  He leant from the post and fired toward the Soldiers.  He caught one in the arm and the others fell to the ground to take cover.  Erik continued to pull the trigger until he ran out of bullets.  When the Soldiers realised Erik was either reloading or out of bullets they rose from the floor and cautiously approached him.  The lights from their guns blinded Erik.  A whistle came from the other side of the cave.
“Oh dear,” Erik laughed insanely.
“Grab that fool,” one of the Soldiers ordered.
“Not on your life,” Erik smiled.  He picked up the trigger and pressed the button.  Erik and the Soldiers were incinerated by a fireball as the side of the cave exploded.  The bridge collapsed and the walkway crumbled.  Erik was thrown against the walls of the cave and his lifeless body fell into the water.  All but one of the Soldiers managed to escape the scored hand of the explosion.






chapter six


Far away from Jacob’s decent into the Earth’s crust, cockroaches scurried across a damp decaying floor amongst the dried blood from prisoners who once knew the nightmarishly secluded room as home.  There were no windows to penetrate the blackness, only a sole candle that hung from an old lamp.  The wax dripped to the floor as the flame burned away at the wick.  Small empty cells occupied three corners of the room, the other corner was taken by one prisoner who had already experienced many years trapped away from any form of life.
One of her ankles was shackled to the wall and allowed her to just about reach the other side of the cell.  Against the wall an aged wooden bed was accompanied by sheets that had not been cleaned for some time.  Musty old books were stacked in two separate piles next to the bed.  The embers from the candle provided just enough light to read.  Despite only being allowed to shower once a week she did her bed to keep herself clean, there was a corroded tap on the wall which she could use to wash her hands and face every day.  Her clothes now appeared as old rags, she had not been given any new ones for years.
The door at the end of the room was unlocked.  It was sluggishly pushed open.  The woman was dazzled by the light that burst into the room.  A tall, strong silhouette appeared in the doorway.  He walked forward and placed a plate of food in front of the cell.
“Eat,” he spoke.
The woman did not reply she simply took the plate from the man and sat on her bed.  He left the room and locked the door.  Yet again she was surrounded by the touch of darkness.  On her plate a dried chicken breast and lumpy mash potato with a side of stale peas.  She picked up her fork from the table next to her bed and began eating her dinner.  Most would not stomach such appalling cooking but after the years locked up she had no choice, it was this or starve.  She did not take long to eat, once finished she placed the plate where he had left it and lay on her bed.  Her eyes closed and before long she had fallen asleep.
Hours had past, the woman was disturbed by raised voices from the other side of the door.  She could hear the cries of other women.  She rose from the bed and sat up.  The door was unlocked again but this time it was thrown open.  A younger woman was hurled across the floor, a second followed.  Two men picked them up and threw each in their own cell.
“You can’t do this!” the older woman screamed out.
“Shut up,” one of the men slapped her around the face.
She cowered in the corner of the cell and did not answer back.  Each cell was locked and the men left the room.  They did not lock the door but left it ajar.  The young woman cried as she trembled with fear.
The room’s eldest occupant walked to the edge of her cell.  She grabbed the bars and took a closer look at her new guests.
“Beth?” she called out.
The older woman looked up at her. “Who are you?” she replied.
“It is you,” the woman smiled.
Beth and Freyja had been taken from their village and had spent the last week travelling across the land.  They were handcuffed for the whole journey unable to eat, clean or even go to the bathroom on their own.  They were not allowed any moment of freedom.  
Beth climbed to her feet and gazed at the unknown woman. “I’m sorry I do not know who you are.”
“It is me, Rebekah.”
“Rebekah….” Beth replied with a stunned silence.  “It cannot be, Rebekah passed away some years ago.  You cannot be her.”
“Do not believe those lies.  I was imprisoned not long after my husband died.”
“That cannot be,” Beth refused to believe this woman.
“The last time I saw you I asked you to take my son Jacob not long after he was born.  If I am not her then how would I know such a thing, only you knew of his birth?”
“Rebekah. It is you,” Beth’s face filled with joy. “What have they done to you?” She held her hand out.
Rebekah touched Beth’s hand and tears tricked down her cheek.  “After you had fled with Jacob the Chancellor, despite being my husband, had me under house arrest.  He would only let me out for public appearances.  We did well to keep my pregnancy hidden, he was never completely sure it had happened.”
“So how did he find out?” Beth asked.
“My first born Esau had saw you leave with Jacob.  He told his father and the doctor who had helped us was tortured, but he did not tell them anything.  They put him in front of a court and he was found guilty of treason and sentenced to death.  Esau became the Chancellor after his father died five years ago.  It was about a week after that Esau had me locked away.  He told the world I too had passed, he does not want to take any risks in Jacob’s existence coming out to the world.”
“I am so sorry for what they have done to you, I should have never left,” Beth cried.
“Nonsense, Jacob is a miracle and you saved him.  Please tell me he is safe.”
“Do not worry, he was not with us when we were captured.  He is on the right path and will come for us all.”
The door was hurled open.  Two armed guards stepped into the room.  Beth pulled her hand away from Rebekah and stood against the wall.  The guards turned to face each other.  Another man entered the room.  The two guards saluted him.
“You may leave,” he spoke in a deep dominant voice.  This was the Chancellor, Esau.  Over six foot tall his head almost touched the ceiling.  He wore a plaid woven suit and his immaculate shoes were now stained from the dirt along the floor.
“Mother you look radiant as ever,” Esau joked.  “Hello Beth, how pleasant it is to see you again,” he scorned.
“What have you done to Atreus?” Beth screamed.
“Atreus is alive,” Rebekah cried out.
“Do not concern yourself with Atreus, my men are making sure he helps us track down that heathen child.”
“Please do not harm him,” Beth reached out and grabbed Esau.
“Get your dam hands of me whore,” Esau pushed Beth away.  “There will not be much left of Atreus when they have finished with him.”  Esau turned his attention to Freyja. “Well what do we have here?” he smiled.
“Leave her,” Beth shouted.
“This wouldn’t be the heathen’s woman would it?”
“She is an innocent girl, Esau let her go.”
“Let her go, why would I want to do that?  Perhaps if you do not want me to….” Esau pressed himself against Freyja’s cell, “….take advantage of this delicate little flower then tell me where the heathen has gone.”
“I do not know, like I have told your men he went south.  That is all I know.”
“Yes and he entered Noreia and eluded the soldiers there.  What I want to know is what his next steps are.  Where is he going Beth?”
“I promise I do not know, all he was told was to head to Noreia and he would be told where to go next.  Please let Freyja go.”
Esau shook his head. “Well perhaps Atreus will be more cooperative after a bit of strong talking too,” he laughed.
“Esau stop this,” Rebekah shouted.
The sound of a huge roar of people could be heard from outside the room.  Esau looked at his wrist. “My people await, ladies I must leave you,” he turned away walked out the room.
“Esau!” Rebekah screamed.
The door gently closed behind him and was locked.  All three women were left with the fading flicker of light from the dwindling candle.






chapter seven


It had been an hour since Erik had sacrificed himself to save Jacob.  On the other side of the bridge Jacob was thrown against a wall from the blast.  A sharp pain had ran down his spine but he had no time to sit still.  He pulled himself through the pain and continued along the other side of the cave.  An hour later and his head light was constantly flickering.  The lamp did not have much life left in it.  Soon he would be without any light. 
Before long the light flickered one last time and it switched off.  At first Jacob panicked in the darkness, but as his eyes adjusted to the obscurity and the cave came to life.  The plants he had seen earlier made another appearance.  They sparkled across the walls and climbed to the limestone above.  As he looked between the plants he could see small centipede like creatures scurrying up the wall.  There were tiny specs of life hovering in the air and dancing in the light from the plants.  
Using the light Jacob was able to make his way through the rest of the cave.  As he followed the plants he stopped looking below at the path.  Without Jacob realising the path turned and his front foot slipped over the edge.  He lost his balance as he tried to stop himself from falling, he tried to hold onto the wall but the plants burned his hand.  Luckily the weight from his bag prevented him from falling over the edge.  Jacob slid backwards and composed himself.  A glimmer of light from below caught his attention.  He peered over the edge of the pathway and looked down.  Swimming in the water beneath were similar fish that Jacob had saw when he came into harbour under the sunrise.
Jacob climbed to his feet and glanced down the cave where the path turned.  In the distance Jacob could see daylight.  Finally he saw a way out.  Despite the slippery surface and lack of light Jacob picked up his pace.  The path led up an incline, at first Jacob managed with ease however soon his ankles started to ache under the pressure.  Jacob suddenly heard shouting behind him.  There was no need to immediately panic as the shouting appeared to be quite a distance away.  Nevertheless Jacob did not slow down, he did not want to stay down there any longer than necessary.
The opening ahead became bigger and bigger the closer Jacob got.  The sunlight had faded since he had entered the cave.  There would not be much sunlight left when he reached the surface.  Above Jacob, the limestone rocks became smaller and smaller until they sank into the rocky ceiling.  The plants within the walls had faded away the closer he got to the opening.  The water rose closer to the path the higher he walked.  It was somewhat remarkable how the water could flow upwards with no visible force moving it.
Finally Jacob had reached the top.  He was greeted with the cool breeze of sunset.  The sky was coloured with a dark orange as the sun fell into the horizon.  As the water reached the opening it fell over the edge and descended into obscurity beneath where Jacob stood.  A majestic rainbow had formed from out the waterfall and delved into the mist that flourished from the pounding water.  The path lead around the obscure hole in the Earth’s crust and up onto the surface.  Jacob walked along the edge round and round until he pulled himself onto the surface. 
Jacob had concluded his escape from the city.  Across the horizon he could see the glow of the city he had just evaded.  He did not spend too long looking behind he had to focus on where he was headed next.   In front of him there was not much to look at.  The sparse deserted landscape was barren of any life.  Half a mile ahead he caught glimpse of a road.  Jacob grabbed his compass to check it did in fact lead south.  Heading south he walked to the road.  There was a rustic burned out car on the side of the road.  It had been stationary for some years.  The tyres disintegrated, leather seats rotted away.  There was dried blood smeared across the bonnet.
The road was in better shape compared to the car.  The dual lanes separated by cracked a concrete barricade.  Faded yellow lines ran down the side of the road.  The wind swept dust across the fractured tarmac.  Jacob was glad finally he would have a surface that would not eat away at his ankles.  He began the arduous journey along the road.  Every hundred meters or so he found more and more wrecked cars.  They were all on the same side of the road, clearly they had been fleeing from somewhere.  Worryingly for Jacob he was headed in the direction they had fled from.
Just as the sun fell behind the horizon the moon rose from beneath the hills in the distance.  The moonlight reflected off what metallic paint was left on the cars.  The moon was full and it majestically took over the skyline, it was huge in comparison to anything else in the sky.  The road lead toward the direction of the moon and had for a moment looked like it lead directly onto its surface.  Jacob did not have to worry about the sun setting for the night, the moon would provide enough light to navigate amongst the maze of ruined cars.
The wind had picked up since the sun had set.  Jacob did not mind for now but knew he would soon have to find somewhere to sleep for the night.  Unfortunately Erik had not packed a tent in the bag.  Jacob would either have to take refuge under the stars or find a car that was remotely habitable.  For now he decided to continue his journey until either his body could take no more or the wind became unbearable.  
Not too far in the horizon the landscape changed.  Jacob could see the silhouette of hills that climbed into the dark sky.  Jacob heard the howl of what sounded like a wolf.  He had not heard this sound since he was a little boy.  Beth had taken him from the village to explore further reaches of the North.  Whilst they followed a frozen stream they came across a lone wolf.  The silver beast stood atop a steep rocky cliff.  It laid its deep blue eyes on Jacob and howled into the sky.  Jacob was amazed at such a young age to see the animal.  Since that day he had not seen another.
There was a second howl but this was deeper.  The wolf was not alone, there was at least two.  He could hear the scurry of their paws on the ground nearby.  Not wanting to get their attention Jacob ducked down between two cars that were side by side.  He looked up through the broken side window of the car toward the wolves.  Jacob spotted the two not far from him.  The wolves paced abreast, they we not the silver beasts Jacob had remembered.  Their fur darkened brown to blend in with their surroundings and they were skinner, they bodies built to cope with the harshness of the barren landscape.  Jacob caught the eye of one of the wolves, it took one glance at him and continued to walk past.  They were not interested in hunting Jacob, in an environment like that they would only take on prey that they would have no trouble defeating.
With the wolves gone Jacob was free to carry on.  Further down Jacob could see a building at the side of the road, perhaps he could lay down for the night.  Although he did not know what it was Jacob had come across an old abandoned petrol station.  A lay-by led to the petrol station.  There was no power so Jacob had to be careful not to trip over anything in the relative darkness.  There were four old out of service pumps outside a small building.  The brick structure was untouched from the harsh elements, although the overhanging metal roof had worn away.  The metal girders stained with a corrosive rustic colour.  An old truck was stationary next to the building, upon bricks with the tyres laid next to it.  Two boarded windows sat either side of the glass door toward the entrance.  An old wooden sign with the faded painted words ‘Bob’s Gas’ hung above.
Jacob walked across the forecourt and to the entrance.  First he looked through the dirty glass door.  Inside the darkness made it hard to see anything.  He lowered his bag and pulled out his head light.  Even though it had stopped working in the cave he hoped perhaps it might have a fraction of power left in it.  He switched it on but there was no light.  He rummaged around the bag to see if Erik had left anything else in there.  Right at the bottom of the bag there was a small steel box.  Jacob pulled it out and placed it on the floor.  He knelt down and opened it.  Inside there was a handgun, a hunting knife and two flares.
All three items would have its use but Jacob was only interested in one of the flares.  He closed the box and put it back in the bag.  He pushed the door open.  The door scuffed the lino flooring.  A strong whiff of stale air engulfed Jacob.  He coughed into his hand to clear his lungs.  The door stayed open and Jacob entered.  He cracked the top of the flare and it ignited.  The room soon filled with a red glow.
Now Jacob had a better view of what was inside.  There were two empty isles of shelves.  The only items that remained were empty cans and crushed plastic bottles.  However, on the floor between the shelves he found a single unopened can of sardines.  How old they were he did not know but he had hoped they would still be edible.  He placed them in his pocket and continued his search.
Jacob walked behind the counter and found a doorway to another room.  He strolled through to the rear of the building.  There were two bookcases stacked with several folders.  A desk sat in front of another boarded window.  Cobwebs dangled from the ceiling and wrapped themselves around an old computer on the desk.  On the other side of the desk a large leather chair faced the window.  Jacob placed the flare on the floor and approached the chair.  He could make out the shape of someone’s head just above the back of the chair.
“Hello?” he uttered.  There was no replied so he spoke again.  Still no reply, he approached closer.  He was nervous at this point as he stepped closer and closer.  Jacob placed his hand on the chair and carefully turned it around.  He fell back with the sight before him.  The person on the chair had been sat there for some time.  The corpse was fully clothed and what skin was left on the body had dried up in the dust.  The eyes balls were still there but had shrived up.  The hair now thin and loosely clawed on to whatever scalp was left.  Jacob could not stay in this room, but he could not stay outside it was getting colder.
Jacob went back to the counter, beneath it there as a small enclosure.  This would have to do.  He threw his bag to the floor and pulled out a sleeping bag.  He placed the bag at the end of the enclosure to rest his head on.  He lay out the sleeping bag and removed his coat and boots.  He climbed into the sleeping bag and rested his coat on top.  By now the flare had expired and Jacob once again succumbed to the darkness.  He could hear the dust being blown against the building.  The weather outside had quickly become even more hostile.  Jacob closed his eyes and for a moment relaxed, it had been a long day, one which he had thought would never end.
The morning sun broke through the panels on the boarded widow.  The warm glow settled on Jacob’s cheek.  He soon opened his eyes and squinted in the light.  He heard a bird squawk outside, it sounded similar to the one he had seen on the factory floor.  The squawk was interrupted by the approaching sound of an engine.  The dust on the counter shook with the vibrations of the wheels.  This was a large vehicle approaching.  It did not sound like previous vehicles he had seen soldiers drive or even fly, but like that of an old petrol engine.  Jacob had decided to stay put, he had to make sure it was no one hostile.
The beams of sunlight were interrupted by the vehicle pulling up outside.  The engine stopped.  Jacob began to breathe more quickly unsure of who they were.  The doors of the vehicle opened.  He could here footsteps and voices.
“Do we have to check here?” the first voice said.
“You want that bounty don’t you?” the second, deeper older voice replied.  The way they spoke to each other made Jacob think they were father and son.  “Have you seen another place for shelter? I haven’t, there’s nothing round here for miles,” the father was the first to enter the room.  His footsteps were loud and unsettling.  His large boots crushed broken glass.  “Get the flash light,” he grunted.
The son climbed back into the vehicle and returned to the room. “Here you go.”
“Take a look in the back there and see if you can find anything,” he ordered.
On the floor near Jacob there was a small broke piece from a mirror.  It rested on the floor just at the right angle that Jacob caught a glimpse of the son.  He watched him walk in the back office and heard a yelp.  Jacob smirked thankfully he wasn’t the only one who was frightened by the sight of the corpse.
“What is it?” the father shouted.
“Just a corpse,” the son replied.
“Don’t be such a girl, how many times have we walked in on the dead?  This whole land is a graveyard.  Make sure you check everywhere including under the counter.”
Jacob froze as he lay under the counter.  His thoughts scrambled for a response, what to do if he was caught, the gun was in the metal box at the bottom of his bag.  There was not enough time to grab it before being seen.  Instead he decided to play his luck.  Quietly he sank into the sleeping back to keep out of view, he could only wait to see if the son would be fooled to think it was just an empty sleeping bag.
Jacob calmed down his breathing and waited.  He heard objects falling to the floor from shelves in the back room.  Footsteps walked closer, he could sense the boot of the son stood next to his hidden face.
“Anything?” the father asked.
“Hang on, I’ve just got to check what’s down here.”
Jacob gulped, just as he felt a hand on the sleeping bag he heard the growl from a wolf.  The hand released and the boot stepped back.
“Easy now,” the son trembled.
There was a second grow from another wolf.
“Help please,” he cried.
“Hey!” the father shouted. 
They growled again.
“Put that down, we don’t want to antagonist them, you never know what diseases these animals are carrying.”
“Well what do you suppose I do?” 
   “Slowly and calmly climb over the counter to me and we’ll get out of here.  He’s clearly not here, those animals would have torn him to pieces by now.”
The son climbed over the counter and toward the exit.  One of the wolves barked as they left the building.  Jacob heard the doors close and the engine ignite.  The vehicle was put into gear and it drove away.  The wolves stopped growling as Jacob pulled his head from out the sleeping bag.  To his amazement it was the wolves from the previous night.  They both sat in front of him.  The first put its paw out to him.  Jacob smiled, he could not believe the wolves had returned to help him.
“Thanks I guess,” Jacob laughed.
The wolf playfully barked at him.
“Are you after something because I don’t have anything? Why am I talking to a dog?” Jacob joked to himself.  His arm brushed past the can of sardines in his pocket.  “Aha you must be after these,” he pulled out the can.
One of the wolves barked again and both lay down on the floor in front.  Jacob sat up and climbed out of the sleeping bag.  He pulled on the ring on top of the can and opened the seal.  Six sardine fillets marinated in a thick tomato sauce.  Jacob took a closer look at the fish, they still looked and smelt edible.
“I guess with the three of us that equals two each doesn’t it?” Jacob used his hands to place two pieces of fish in front of each wolf.  He then ate the remaining sardines.  Jacob could not tell how long the can had been on the floor for but they tasted fresh.  The wolves seemed to agree too and they quickly devoured the fish.  The first wolf barked again.
“Sorry boys I’m all out,” Jacob pulled his pockets inside out.
The second wolf barked and they both rose to their feet.  They looked at Jacob one last time and walked outside.  Jacob was unsure exactly what had just happened, why would two hungry wolves save him?  Not that he minded, after all he could do with two guardian wolves looking over him.  Jacob grabbed his boots and coat and dressed himself.  With the sun not long rising he would get a full days sunlight to travel in.  Jacob had one more look around for any supplies he could find.  He opened the draw on the counter and luck would have it he found two chocolate bars.  As tempting as they were to eat he knew he would have to save them for another time.  He put them in the bag with the rest of the supplies.
Outside the morning sun coolly gazed upon Jacob’s face.  There were dark clouds over the horizon, the prospect of rain was a welcome treat compared to the snow he previously had to endure.  One thing Jacob had not done for a while was visit the bathroom, amongst all the drama of the previous day he had forgotten his need for the toilet.  Ideally he did not want to relieve himself against the wall of the petrol station.  
Jacob walked to the side and found a little brick outhouse.  This was in worse shape than the main building.  Its decayed wooden door hung from a single hinge.  He opened the door and it fell off its hinges and onto to the floor.  Inside the outhouse a foul stench escaped.  Jacob coughed and tried to hold down vomit.  Even the corpse didn’t smell as bad as the outhouse.  He entered none the less, there was a toilet, sink and a cracked, filthy mirror.  First Jacob stood in front of the toilet, the water inside discoloured from the stains of faeces.  He looked up whilst he took a wee.  Once finished he turned toward the sink.  The sink did not fare much better, it was spotted with dried dirt and blood.  The taps were corroded.  As the toilet had water in the basin he had hoped the sink would too.  Jacob turned the tap and the pipes creaked.  A slow trickle of discoloured water washed around the sink.  There was enough for him to wash his hands and refresh his face.
Jacob turned off the tap and left the outhouse.  To his surprise the crow from Noriea was stood outside and squawked at him.  Jacob grinned, perhaps the crow too was looking out for him.  Jacob walked back to the main road and continued his journey.  The crow flew into the air and glided past.  There were less cars scattered along the road now.  Jacob could see the tire tracks from those that had not long left him.  He walked close to the barricade just in case another vehicle approached and he could take cover either side of the road.
The further he walked the closer the dark clouds got.  Before long they suspended above him.  The crow flew back and landed on a car near Jacob.  It looked at him and squawked.
“Don’t fancy flying in the rain?” he walked up to it.
It squawked again and jumped on his shoulder.
Jacob laughed. “Friendly fellow aren’t you?”  He did not push the crow off, it may have only been a bird but he was glad of the company.  A droplet of rain tapped against the broken window of the car.
“Here it comes,” Jacob said to the crow.  With the bird on his shoulder he walked away from the car and carried on south.
The heavens opened above and a blanket of rain swathed the horizon.  At first Jacob found the rain bearable to walk through.  He agreed with himself to continue no matter what, he could not let a few drops of rain stop him on his journey.  He lifted his hood up and kept his head down to try and shelter his face from the rain.  There was a curve in the road that helped the rain sweep from off the tarmac and into the dirt on the side.  The rain that could not escape fell trapped in pot holes and cracks.  The murky puddles disguised the depth of the holes.  Unaware Jacob stepped in one such hole.
“Shit,” Jacob murmured to himself.  His boot was submerged to his ankle.  Luckily the hard and worn boots stopped any water from touching his feet.  The rain at the side of the road collected into small streams of water either side.  The slight slant in the land helped the water flow southwards.
The crow rubbed its feathers and squawked yet again.  It took off from Jacob’s shoulder and flew in between the droplets of rain.  Jacob lifted his head for a moment to see which direction it took.  He soon put his head back down as the wind picked up and attacked his face.  Despite his thick winter coat spots of water had started to trickle through.  He would have to find some shelter soon otherwise he would be soaked through.
From out the shadows of the rain he saw an intact grey van on the other side of the road.  The crow was stood on top of the roof.  Jacob saw a dent in the concrete mid-section and stepped over it.  For a moment Jacob thought the van may actually be driveable, the windows were intact and the body of the van unscathed.  However the closer he got Jacob saw that all four tyres we flat, the van wouldn’t be going anywhere, but at least it would provide some shelter from the rain.
Jacob tried to open the door on the driver’s side but it did not budge.  He walked around the other side to try the passenger’s side but it too was locked.  His last hope was the rear doors.  He tried and tried but they too would not open.  Undeterred he looked around for anything to try and pry the doors open.  A few yards away a car that had impacted the mid-section lay in ruins, perhaps he could find a lose piece of debris.  
A deafening snarl of thunder roared above, the storm was beginning to intensify.  Jacob looked around the wreckage.  The car had been crumpled from the sheer force of the impact, it was hard to find a piece big enough to use.  Just before he gave up looking he saw a lug wrench underneath the car.  He hoped it was heavy enough to make some sort of damage to the locks.  Jacob bent down and picked it up.  He ran back to the van and first slammed the wrench against the rear doors.  The lock dented but the door did not open.  He tried both the driver’s and the passenger’s door but neither opened.  There was another option, since he was only using the van for temporary shelter after a few attempts he shattered the driver’s side window.  He reached in, unlocked the door and climbed into the van.
The Inside of the van was untouched from the elements outside.  The dashboard was spotless, no dust had made it inside.  There was a collection of rather unusual and scary bobble head characters stuck to the dashboard.  The leather seat was a relief to Jacob’s back.  He did not stay seated for too long, he had to take his coat off to try and help it dry.  He climbed over the front seats and into the empty rear.  The wooden surface soaked up some of the moisture from his clothes.  The crow flew through the window and landed on the passenger seat, it squawked and rustled its feathers to dry off.  Another roar of thunder trembled through the van.  The rain increased and pounded against the roof.  
“It’s starting to come down a lot now isn’t it?” Jacob said to the crow. “Look at me talking to yet another animal.”  He shook his coat to try and wipe some of the rain off.  As soon as the rain calmed down he would be straight back on the road.  He sat with his back against the side of the van and stretched out his legs.
Jacob waited an hour before the rain had begun to calm down.  He knelt over the seats to get a better look outside.  The sun had broken through the dark clouds and began to soak up the rain.  The crow leaped from out the van.
“I guess it’s time to leave,” Jacob said to himself.  He tugged on the handle on the rear door and with a crunch they opened.  He stepped out and stretched his arms and legs.  The heat in the air had helped the rain dry from his coat.  He grabbed it from the van’s floor, shook it one last time and placed his arms in each sleeve.  There was still small droplets of rain in the air but nothing for Jacob to worry about.
Jacob put the bag over his shoulder and climbed back other to the other side of the road.  Even though the other side was clear he wanted to use the littered cars as cover in case any trouble came past.  Behind from where he had walked the rain clouds descended.  Incredible forks of lightening lit up the sky with distancing booms of thunder.
The temperature in the air had warmed, the rain water had soon evaporated from the tarmac.  The welcomed moisture in the dirt prevented the wind from lifting any dirt.  Jacob was able to breath freely without the lashing of dust.  He could still see the crow circling around him.  It did not fly too far always kept within a short distance of Jacob.  The hills either side of the horizon had flattened and Jacob was left with a perfect horizontal skyline in front of him.  As flawless as it was to see the never ending distance it was disheartening to Jacob that there could still be a while to travel yet.
Over the hours the wrecked cars became far and few between.  The dirt dried out and the dust returned across the road.  The sun was low and clouds grey clouds were still looming in the sky.  Jacob stopped for a moment and rested against the bonnet of a car.  He pulled open the bag and drank from the only bottle of water he had.  With only two gulps he tried to limit himself to how much he drank.  There was no telling how long it would be before the next shower of rain.  If he did not reach his destination in the next couple of hours he faced the prospect of either walking through the night or sleeping where ever he could find shelter.  This time it would not be as comfortable as the previous night’s sleep.
It had been several hours since Jacob had last seen the crow, the last he saw it was flying away from the storm clouds.  He was certain it would soon be back.  The sun was now reaching closer to the horizon again.  The visibility in front faded.  The clouds had not cleared so darkened the light from the rising moon.  Jacob had tried to continue as long as he could with the faint moonlight to carry him.  Sure enough the crow flew from the distance and circled Jacob.  It landed at the side of the road and squawked.
“Back are we?” Jacob laughed.
The crow hopped a few paces west of the road.  It was inviting Jacob to follow.  At first he was hesitant, he did not want to leave the road for the unforgiving wasteland but the crow seemed insistent.  He followed the crow for about a hundred meters into the dirt.  The land in front rose slightly from the ground.  There was a crack that led into a small opening in the ground.
“You want me to go down there?” Jacob asked the crow.
The crow hopped down the muddied steps into the dark opening.  Jacob shrugged his shoulders and followed the crow.  There was only a couple of steps to navigate in the dark before he came to a wooden door.  The door looked out place, why would someone have put it there, Jacob asked himself.
“Hello?” Jacob called out, but there was no reply except the howl of the wind.  He gingerly pushed against the door and it dragged open.  A puff of dust escaped past Jacob into the night sky.  Inside it was pitch black. There was no telling what was inside.  Jacob had one flare left in his bag so set it alight.  The red glow from the flare enlightened the inside.  It was only a small room dug out from the ground.  Dirt surrounded the room from floor to ceiling.  There was a single bed in the corner of the room.  The paint had flaked away from the metal, a grim blanket lay on top of a thin mattress.  Opposite the bed a desk sat with mounds of pieces of paper and a lamp.  Jacob approached the lamp to see if it was usable.  It looked antique, the frame made entirely from bronze with a stained glass top.  There was some sort of liquid sat in a well at the bottom.  Jacob grabbed one of the pieces of paper from the desk, he set it alight with the flare and dropped it onto the liquid.  It ignited and light shone from the lamp.  He threw the flare outside and closed the wooden door.
Jacob placed his bag next to the bed and removed his coat.  The room soon warmed up from the heat of the lamp.  Intrigued by the piles of paper of the desk he sat on the stool in front to have a look.  They mainly consisted of newspaper clippings.  The paper was very brittle and had been lying on the desk for what looked a very long time.  He looked at the date at the top of one of the clippings - 17th August 2067.  They were old indeed, Jacob didn’t know exactly know the current date but knew it was a few hundred years since the date written here.  Growing up he had only heard bits about the old world before Pangaea, but never enough to have a true understanding.  Jacob read from the first clipping.
’The European Federation announced a state of emergency across the Continent yesterday with the rapidly increasing sea levels.  Most of Northern Europe has now been evacuated, those that are left have been told help will be arranged once the safety of Southern Europe has been secured.’
There was a photo beneath the article that pictured a sign ‘Welcome to England’, almost submerged in water.  Jacob put that clipping down and searched through the others.  He was staggered with what he read.  The articles in the clipping told of how the collapse of the old world had unfolded.  Another article he found was from six years prior to the first one he read.
’Following the tragic events yesterday in the Arctic Circle, approximately two hundred oil drillers from Russia, America and the European Federation have been confirmed dead.  It is not clear at this stage what the cause was, but early reports suggest an explosion from a potential oil well caused a catastrophic collapse of the ice shelf in the region.  The implications for such a collapse are not known at this time.’
Similar articles spoke of the rapidly increasing tidal waves and the tensions throughout the world.  Another article this one ten years from the first brought horror to Jacob’s face.
’Yesterday morning at approximately 12:34am the newly formed State of Americas declared war on the European and Russian Federation by launching a nuclear missile.  The fatality rate is expected to surpass the hundred million mark with the fallout set to spread across most of the European continent.  This is yet another dark day in humanity following the cataclysmic rise in sea levels that has significantly reduced the Earth’s population over the last decade.’
Jacob stopped for a moment, he was stunned at what he was reading. He knew of the dark times mankind had gone through but he did not realise it was on this sort of scale.  There was one more article he decided to read before leaving the clippings alone.  This last article only contained a few lines the rest had been ripped away.  It was dated fifty years after the last but caught his eye for one particular reason it was titled ‘The Ark, our salvation.’
’Tomorrow the Ark will take to the skies for the first time.  The floating country has been seen by most as our salvation.  Hundreds of thousands have been arriving over the last few weeks to take their place in our new home.  Anyone wishing to come aboard are urged to arrive as quickly as possible with the land dying and crumbling away there will be no hope for those left on the surface.’
The article ended there, Jacob did not want to read anymore he learned enough from those few articles exactly what fortunes led to the world he survived in today.  He stepped away from the desk and sat on the bed.  He took off his boots and lay on the filthy blanket.  It did not take long before Jacob fell asleep in unknown surroundings on his own.
Jacob was woke in the morning by the familiar squawking of the crow.  He opening his eyes and moved his head from side to side to stretch his neck.  He lifted himself up and walked over to the door to let the crow in.  The crow did not enter but stood in the doorway.  It rustled its feathers and waiting for Jacob.
“Good morning,” Jacob said.  He brushed his beard with his hand and shook his hair to remove any bits of dust.  He took out the bottle of water for a drink and found the hardened bar of chocolate from the day before for breakfast.  Not exactly refreshing but the stale water and foul chocolate would have to do.  He placed his feet in his boots and put on his coat.  Jacob was ready for yet another day of travelling down the perilous road.
Jacob walked out from the hole in the ground and into the morning sun.  The sun had only just risen, the orange glow reached across the empty dark blue sky.  A handful of stars remained in the sky as the moon faded behind the horizon.  He trekked along the dirt and back onto the road.  The hardened tarmac had begun to warm up under the increasing temperature from the sun.  With a full night’s sleep inside him and a hassle free morning he picked up the pace along the road.
A little further down the road Jacob spotted a small house next to a church.  They were in the distance so he could not make out much detail just yet.  He approached with caution unsure whether the house or church would be occupied.  Jacob was surprised to see a church, especially on the surface.  Whilst those who lived in the Arc had not lost their faith, those on the surface had returned to the forgotten Pagan beliefs following the years of absolute chaos.  Jacob was unsure where his beliefs lay.
The closer Jacob walked the better he could see the church.  A leafless hedge surrounded the churchyard.  Faded headstones were scattered around the yard.  The church itself was built from stone.  Huge wooden doors stood below the bell tower.  Beautiful stain glass windows were discoloured from the dust.  Beside the church was a small stone built cottage.  Some of the white pebble dash had cracked and fell away from its walls.  The wooden framed windows only had part of the glass panels remaining and sections of the thatched roof had caved in.  
A dirt trail led to the front door of the cottage.  Jacob decided to look inside the cottage first, if he could not find anyone he would perhaps find useful supplies.  With the door already open Jacob walked inside.  Sunlight pierced through the holes in the roof.  Dust scattered across the inside of the cottage and made it difficult to breath.  Jacob pulled his top over his mouth so he would not breathe in any dust.  He had entered what looked like the living room.  Even though the outside of the cottage was damaged the inside looked unscathed.  An old fabric sofa and chair sat facing a brick fireplace where a stove stood.  Beside the fireplace two pots with remains of dead flowers.  A tapestry hung from above the fireplace, there was a picture of a tree sown into it with the words ‘we know what we are, but know not what we may be.’  The initials W.S. were sown beneath the words.  He did not know who said them but he ironically smiled at the quote given what he had read in the newspaper clippings.  There was a framed photo on a table next to the chair.  An old man and women stood overlooking the coast.  Jacob could not tell when this photo was taken but given the layer of dust and cobwebs about the room he was sure it was a long time ago.  The now dated varnished floor boards were covered by a large patterned rug.
Finished in the living room he moved into the kitchen.  The kitchen looked fairly modern compared to the living room.  Plates and cutlery were laid out on the table and the carcass of a chicken lay on the work surface.  There were two cups with a small amount of rain water in each.  Jacob looked to see if it was drinkable but the colour of the water said otherwise.  He began looking through each cupboard hoping to find something he could eat or drink.  The first few cupboards were filled with pots and pans, old cutlery, nothing of any use.  The last cupboard he looked in he struck gold.  There was a single can of beans and a can of tuna.  Just like the sardines he had found before he had hoped these would still be edible even though they had been left standing for a while.  He put them in his bag and walked into the last room in the cottage.  
The closed bedroom door was difficult at first to open.  It was a struggle but he managed to open it eventually.  Jacob was blinded at first by the sun shining through the grubby net curtains.  After his eyes had adjusted to the light he was touched by the sight before him.  Lying on top of the rusty metal framed bed two skeleton remains embraced each other.  Whoever these people where they spent their last few moments together.  For a moment this caused Jacob to think about Beth and Freyja, he did not know of their safety but he knew he had to see them again.  Not wanting to disturb the couple he left the cottage.
After leaving the cottage Jacob decided to have a look in the church perhaps he would find something useful in there.  A moulded lion’s face was fixed in the middle of a large iron ring on each door.  Jacob pushed against the doors to open them.  Unlike the cottage even the outside of the church had been unscathed from the elements.  This left the inside completely preserved.  The sunlight shone through the stain glass windows in shades of red and blue.  Two rows of pews lead down a single isle to the altar at the front of the church.  Along the isle a hand woven rug with several patterns of golden thread.  At the top of the altar there was a marble stand with a golden statue of an eagle.  A copy of the bible as left unopened on top of the eagle.  On the other side of the altar a marble sink with untouched water inside.  Jacob placed his hand in the water and was met with a chill.  The water was freezing cold, this was a relief to Jacob.  Unaware this would have been holy water to the occupants of the church he drank from several handfuls of water before he washed his face in the water.
There were no other rooms to the church so his search was over before it had even began.  He placed his bottle of water in the sink and filled it up, he may have not found many supplies but he did hopefully have food and water to last another day on the road.  Just as he was about to walk from out the church he noticed a narrow opening.  He peering through and saw a spiral stone staircase that lead to the top of the bell tower.  Intrigued as to what could be at the top he placed his bag on the floor and climbed through the opening.  As each step was more slippery than the last and with no hand rail Jacob carefully ascended to the top of the bell tower.  As the staircase got steeper he climbed on his hands and feet, once he reached the top he lifted himself up.  At the top there was an enormous bronze bell suspended from a wooden frame.  He leant over the edge of the bell tower and could see the road he had walked.  It soon disappeared into the distance, there was no sight of Noreia.  Jacob then looked in the direction he was heading and saw a sight he was not prepared for.  Just before the brink of the horizon he could make out the edge of a canyon.  The canyon was submerged in a murky fog.  Jacob was sure this was his next destination.  Somewhere within the fog was the City of Ruins he had been walking towards.
Rejuvenated by the fresh water and his destination in sight Jacob hurriedly came down the bell tower, grabbed his bag and walked out of the church.  He walked across the churchyard and weaved in and out the grave stones.  A little way down the road he heard what sounded like the vehicle from the other day.  He crouched down behind the hedge to hide from the oncoming vehicle.  It slowed down as it approached the church, Jacob crawled to the floor to get as low as possible.  He caught a better glimpse of the vehicle this time.  It was a similar van to the one Jacob had used for shelter the day before.  Once it had passed the church Jacob thought he was out of danger.  He stood up and wiped the dirt from his coat and trousers.
In the distance Jacob heard the tires on the van screech to a halt.  They had spotted him.  Jacob ran back to the doorway of the church and crouched.  He reached into his bag and pulled out the metal box, inside he grabbed the gun.  It was an old revolver with a bullet in each chamber, with six bullets he would have to make each bullet count if it came to it.
The van reversed and stopped at the entrance to the churchyard.  It was the same father and son from the previous day.
“Did you see which way he went?” the father asked as he jumped out the van.
“He’s somewhere over by the church,” the son replied.
“Grab the guns from the back, remember don’t kill him, we get more if he’s caught alive.”
“Yes father,” the son opened the van and threw a shotgun to his father and he picked up the other.
Jacob peered around the doorway to get a better look.
“There!” the son shouted, he loaded his gun and fired in Jacob’s direction.  Jacob ducked as the bullets pierced the doorway and fragments of stone littered Jacob.
“I said alive!” the father yelled.  He pointed to his son to creep down the right side of the yard, he would go down the other.  Together they tried to pin Jacob in.  
Jacob saw the son run across the churchyard.  He took aim and fired at him.  The bullet ricocheted off a headstone and penetrated his leg.  The son yelled out as he fell to the floor.
“Son of a bitch,” the son cried.  He did not stay on the floor to long, he hobbled to the other side of the yard out of view from Jacob.
Jacob retreated into the church and closed the doors.  He threw his bag to the floor and rested the gun in his trousers.  Jacob tried to move one of the pews to put in front of the door, but they were all nailed to the floor.  Undeterred he saw a bookcase he could use.  He pushed it to the ground and moved out of the way from the falling books.  He pushed the bookcase against the door, this would at least buy him a little time as he tried to figure out his next move.  He ran to the front of the altar and sat behind the marble sink.  Tears of sweet ran down his forehead.  He rested his head against the barrel of the gun and waited.
Jacob heard the father and son try to open the door but the bookcase stood its ground.  They then started to bang against it, but the weight of the doors and bookcase made this almost impossible.
“How many shells you got?” the father asked.
“I’ve got seven on me and another box in the van.”
“Go and grab them, we can blow this door open with enough shots.  Hey you inside, there’s no use in hiding we will find you.  Give yourself up now and you won’t get hurt.”
“Here you go,” the son returned with more shells.
“Stand back,” the father fired several rounds at the door.  After the fifth shot the wood began to penetrate.  He then used the handle of his gun to make a bigger hole in the door.
Jacob looked from the sink and fired at the door.  The bullet missed and hit the bookshelf.  He was now down to only four bullets.
“Don’t try and be a hero,” the father shouted through.  He kicked the weakened door a few more times and it created an opening big enough to climb through.  “You take that side I’ll take this.” They both crawled up each side of the church.
Jacob fired another shot at the son but missed again.  The son fired back and cracked marble from the sink.  Water splashed over the floor.  Jacob saw the father get closer so fired a shot at him.  The bullet clipped him on the tip of his ear.  He yelled out in pain and remained hidden behind a pew.
“Son let’s kill this fucker,” the father shouted.
The son staggered closer to Jacob and was about to fire but Jacob beat him to it, he fired his penultimate bullet and caught the son in the shoulder.  He tumbled to the floor in pain.  With both down Jacob crept from behind the sink.  He slowly made his way down the aisle.  Behind him he heard the father get up and walk to the sink.  Jacob quickly turned around and fired his last bullet.  The father heard the shot and turned to Jacob.  The bullet caught him in the neck.  He dropped his gun and fell to his knees.  He touched the wound and felt the blood begin to pour from the bullet hole.  The life faded from his body and he dropped face first to the floor.  The blood trickled from his neck and down the steps of the altar.
Out of bullets Jacob threw his gun to the floor and cautiously walked over to the son.   He was lying on the floor in a pool of blood of his own and reached out for his gun.  Jacob picked the gun from the floor.
“Please don’t kill me,” the son cowered.
Jacob aimed the gun at him but feeling sorry for him he lowered it. “Don’t worry I’m not going to shoot you.  Just tell me who sent you.”
“I don’t know, father sorted that out, all I know is that there’s a hefty bounty on your head.  Just let me go I promise you won’t see me again.”
“The keys to your van, where are they?” Jacob pointed the gun at him once more.
“They’re in the van,” he cried.
Jacob didn’t reply to him, but turned around and left the church.  He walked up to the van and sure to the son’s word the keys were still in the ignition.  Jacob opened the door and threw in his bag and the gun.  He climbed in and closed the door.  Jacob didn’t exactly have much experience when it came to driving.  Back home Atreus had shown him a couple of times how to drive his old truck.  Jacob had struggled at first but after a few attempts he manage to get out of second gear. However, with the cold weather he had hit a patch of black ice and crashed the truck into the side of Atreus’ house. That was the last time he had driven.
Jacob turned the ignition but the engine at first did not start.  He looked around to try and see why, the van had been left in gear.  He pressed in the clutch and tried the ignition again.  Success, the engine started.  Jacob slowly pulled his foot away from the clutch and pressed down on the accelerator.  The van juddered as it slowly pulled away.  Jacob turned the van around and headed south.  Now that he had wheels he would reach the City of Ruins.






chapter eight


The remainder of Jacobs’s journey had taken a fraction of the time it would have taken on foot.  The road had begun to incline the closer he got to the cliff.  Haze from the fog now covered the horizon and stretched for miles.  Thankfully, Jacob still had hours of sunlight left.  The petrol needle in the van dropped from below the red mark, the van stuttered.  Jacob put more pressure on the accelerator as he felt it lose power, but the van slowed down.  Eventually is rolled to a halt: it was out of petrol.  Before he went any further Jacob grabbed the can of tuna from his bag, he pierced it open with a knife.  The tuna meat inside did not look very appetising but it would do.
Once Jacob had eaten he climbed out of the van.  The air around him was a lot warmer now.  He would have taken off his coat if he did not have such a large bag to carry.  There was a strap on the shot gun that he placed around his shoulder.  He opened the rear of the van to see what else they had stored.  There was another box of shells which he took, the rest of the van was compiled with scrap metal, nothing of any value or use.  He continued to walk the last few hundred metres of the road.
The land either side of the road was no longer a barren wasteland, instead moisture from the fog had enriched the dirt.  There were not great amounts but blades of grass were scattered across the dirt.  Jacob caught glimpse of the crow again, it was burring its head within a clump of grass.  It lifted its head with a worn wriggling in its beak.  It ate the worm and hopped over to Jacob.  He smiled and continued to walk where he saw a sign beside the road.  The faded green metal sign was attached to a pole.  The destination on the sign had been scratched out, only a ‘B’ at the beginning of a word remained, the number ‘5’ was next to it.  Spray painted across the sign in black paint read ‘Valhalla’.
Jacob approached the end of the road and the beginning of the cliff.  The road had looked like it lead onto a bridge that had collapsed.  He leaned over and loose pieces of tarmac broke away from the road and fell into the fog.  Jacob quickly stepped back not wanting to lose his balance.  Composed Jacob leaned over again to look down.  The fog descended down the cliff for as far as his eyes could see.  The canyon below looked never ending.  He picked up a rock from off the floor and dropped it.  The rock disappeared into the fog. He could not hear it land.  The combination of the steep cliff face and the thick fog made it almost impossible to climb down.  He would have to search for somewhere else to climb down.
“You got any suggestions?” Jacob looked down at the crow.  It looked at him and flew into the fog.  “Thanks your help.”
Jacob decided to walk alongside the canyon, perhaps there would be an easier way down further along.  Despite walking for over an hour there was no visible way to get down.  Jacob heard the crow call out. Although he could not see the crow it sounded like it was coming from in front of him.  The crow called out again.  Jacob walked towards the noise and the crow came into view.  It was perched on top of an eroded metal frame.  The closer Jacob walked the better he saw what the frame was.  It was attached to a ladder that lead down the side of the canyon.
“So you’ve found me a way down,” Jacob chucked.  He grabbed the metal frame and shook it to see how sturdy it was.  Flakes of metal were peeling off the frame and cob webs weaved through the steps of the ladder, but to his relief the frame did not move an inch.  “I guess we’re climbing down here then.”
Jacob tightened the straps on his bag, the last thing he wanted was it loosening and causing him to fall.  He took a sip of water before he descended into the fog.  He stepped on the metal frame and lowered his foot onto the first step.  The metal creaked under his weight, not something he wanted to hear but he continued anyway.  He slowly took each step with caution.  As his body came into contact with fog Jacob felt a warm sensation.  The fog was thick and humid, not ideal as it dampened the steps.
The crow took flight from the metal frame and circled down into the fog.  Jacob watched as it disappeared beneath him.  With every couple of steps the metal would groan.  Tiny pebbles of dirt would fall from the side of the canyon.  All these a timely reminder that he could not stop.  The further he descended the thicker the fog became, he could no longer see the sky above him, but he could still see the outline of the sun as it tried to penetrate the fog.  Jacob placed his foot on the next step but the weak metal step gave way, it cracked and for a moment Jacob lost his balance.  His right hand bleed as he was cut by the jagged flakes of metal.  He held on with his left hand and steadied himself with his other foot.  He wiped his sweet soaked forehead and regained his balance and breathing.  Luckily the other steps were more secure.
Ten minutes into Jacob’s decent the fog below had begun to lighten.  The dense humid mist was starting to evaporate underneath him.  After a few more steps he could finally see the ground.  Much like the surface he had travelled from it looked like another barren wasteland.  He was disappointed by the sight but at least he would soon be off the ladder.  Jacob saw the crow perched on a bare tree branch that grew from out the canyon wall.  It was waiting for Jacob.
Rays of sunlight started to filter through the evaporating fog, this helped dry the moisture from the frame and made the last part of his decent easier.  The crow let out a loud squawk that echoed across the canyon.  Jacob turned his head and was struck by what he saw.  As the fog vaporised the sunlight revealed the City of Ruins.  The city was unlike anything he had previously seen.  It was hundreds of times bigger than that of Noriea.  Unlike Noriea though there was no sign of life, it was indeed in ruins.  The corroded steels girders of the tall buildings lay bare with brick walls that had crumbled long ago.  The further the city reached into the distance the taller the buildings became.  Huge skyscrapers reached into the sky and breached the top of the canyon.  The roads were littered with demolished cars much like the road Jacob had just travelled down.  
The ladder creaked louder and bigger rocks fell from above.  It appeared the ladder was finally feeling the strain of Jacob’s weight.  His examination of the city would have to wait until he reached the ground.  Jacob loosened his bag and dropped it to the floor, this would at least relieve some of the strain on the ladder.  He picked up the pace and took two steps at a time.  Whilst this helped him reach the floor quicker it caused the ladder to shudder.  A couple of the bolts broke free from the canyon’s wall and ricocheted off Jacob’s shoulder.  He did not look up but focused on the floor.  A loud rumble came from above and the ladder trembled.  This time he looked up and saw some of the ladder above break away from the canyon.  Pieces of metal fell to the ground.  Unsure exactly how much further he had to travel he would soon have to decide at what point he would have to jump, the ladder was quickly crumbling.  The wall in front of him now cracked and the bolts dropped.  He felt himself moving away from the wall. The ladder was about the collapse.  Jacob took a deep breath and looked below, if he aimed right he could land on his bag to help cushioned the fall.
“One, two, three,” Jacob counted in his head.  He let go of the ladder and jumped toward his bag.  His body bounced off his bag and he landed on the hardened dirt floor.  His head hit a rock and for a moment he lost consciousness.  The ladder fell from the wall and crashed into a small building opposite.  Hazardous pieces of metal and rock narrowly avoided Jacob’s body.  It wasn’t the way he had hoped to reach the ground but at least he had finally made it.
Jacob lay unconscious for at least an hour.  The crow stood beside him and pecked at his forehead.  The sharp pain from its beak woke Jacob up.  He opened his eyes but could only see the blurry outline of his feathered companion.  His head throbbed with an intense ache.  He rubbed his eyes to clear the glare.  He sat up and felt the trickle of blood from his forehead.
“How long have I been out?” Jacob said to himself.
Upon seeing Jacob awake the crow hopped away from him and flew into the city ruins behind.  Jacob used the sleeve of his coat to wipe away the blood.  He grabbed the bottle of water and drank half of it, he had built up quite a thirst whilst lying unconscious.  The sun had started to fade behind the canyon and the fog had begun to return.  Jacob did not have the view he had before of the city that lay in front of him.
Jacob picked himself up from the floor and took a better view of his surroundings.  Not far from where he stood another road, this one smaller than the last, lead into the city.  It was barely visible underneath the dust.  The entrance to the city was not too far away.  A worn sign hung over the road: ‘Welcome to Paradise’.  The city looked far from paradise.  Row after row of decayed apartments lined the outer ring of the city.  They all looked similar in design and similar in destruction.  He walked underneath the sign and into the city.  The road ran straight into the heart of the metropolis.  The road was broken up with burnt out cars and rubble littering the tarmac.  It would not be a simple walk, Jacob would have to climb over many obstacles.
Next to the first apartment block Jacob saw a disturbing sight.  An old child’s tricycle lay stationary with a torn teddy bear resting on the plastic seat.  Blood stains sprayed across the bear’s face.  Jacob feared for what must have happened to the child.  Next to it a corroded swing swayed in the wind that howled through the streets.  Broken traffic lights dangled across the junction in the road.  There was a decayed tree at the corner of the junction, rotten apple cores rested beneath it.  A bird’s nest rested lonely and empty on a branch, the occupants long gone.
Jacob stood on the corner of the junction and looked left and right, both offering similar sights.  The wind blew through the broken windows of nearby apartments.  Loose rubble was propelled through the air.  Either side the road continued as far as the eye could see with every building damaged.  A faded zebra crossing led the way across the junction.  The yellow spheres atop each post either side of the crossing were intact as the light flickered on and off from each one.  Jacob walked across to the other side of the road.
There was a clear path for a hundred or so metres.  He would not have to start climbing just yet.  Despite the destruction of the city he came to an unharmed shop.  He stopped for a moment to look inside.  Jacob wiped away the dirt from the shop window.  With the dirt removed the sunlight brightened up the shop’s interior.  In the window stood two mannequins garbed in summer dresses, their heads faceless.  Behind the window other dresses hung from the walls.  There was a glass counter at the rear of the shop, inside the counter high heeled shoes were displayed.  There was nothing else for Jacob to see.  He turned around and continued his journey.
The clear path had come to an end, rubble from the buildings had fallen to form a ten foot high wall across the road.  Jacob put on his gloves to help protect his hands from the exposed concrete and jagged steel rods.  He stepped up onto the bonnet of the car, the suspension creaked under his weight.  He climbed onto the roof of the car and grabbed hold of the top of the wall.  Some of the concrete broke away, instead he used the rods to help lever himself up onto the wall.  Stood on top Jacob got a better view of the road ahead.  To his disappointment it continued for miles, there was no visible sign of where he was supposed to go, everything looked the same in all directions.
Jacob lowered himself down onto the other side.  The sun had moved across the city and he was now stood in the shade.  Sporadic rays of sunlight made their way through the fractured buildings.  He knew it would be getting dark soon.  There was no shortage of places to sleep for the night, it was just a question of which one.  Jacob carried on for a while longer, continuing to climb over rumble and weave through car wrecks.  At one point he noticed a small broken empty egg shell next to his foot. This reminded Jacob that he had not seen the crow for some time now.  It had flown into the city and not returned.  He did not worry however, after all the city was huge there was much to explore.
The clear blue sky in the distance had started to fade.  A darkness rose in its place, this however was unlike the storm clouds Jacob had seen before.  The wind rustled from behind, it felt almost like the wind was being sucked into the darkness ahead.  The closer he walked the clearer the darkness became.  A magnificent bolt of lightning erupted.  It revealed a huge sand storm moving in closer and closer.  The clouds of sand touched the sky, they consumed everything they passed.  Birds in the distance could not escape the claws of the storm.  Buildings disappeared within the violent clouds.  Jacob would not survive the night if he did not find shelter before the storm reached him.   He had arrived at another junction and desperately looked around for any building that had not crumbled.  To his left he spotted another untouched shop window.  He ran over to it.  The wooden door next the window was padlocked.  He kicked the door repeatedly to try and open it but it did not budge.  He looked behind, picked up a small piece of concreate and threw it at the door.  The weight of the concreate crushed the padlock.  Thankfully, Jacob was able to open the door and take shelter from the approaching storm.  He quickly closed the door behind him and found a wooden chair he could rest against the door to stop it opening in the wind.
Secure Jacob could now take a moment to see where he had ended up.  Similar to the other shop it too had clothes hanging from various hooks on the wall.  The dust had been unable to penetrate the shop and the walls and floor were perfectly intact.  Whilst in there Jacob’s lungs could finally breathe in dust free air.  There was a doorway behind the counter that led to a smaller room.  Jacob dropped his bag and walked inside.  There wasn’t much in there except for a sink and a fridge.  He had hoped the fridge might somehow be switched on but sadly it was not.  There was a half empty bottle of flat stale fizzy pop and one egg.  Jacob then decided to try the sink to see if that worked.  Mould grew from the drain in the porcelain sink if water did come from the tap he would have to catch it before it touched the filthy basin.  He turned the rusty steal tap, the pipes rattled and groaned.  Clear water slowly trickled from out the tap.  It was not much but enough for Jacob to wipe his face at least.
With a clean face Jacob walked back into the front of the shop.  The visibility outside was getting worse.  He could hear the storm ravage through a nearby building.  The glass window had begun to rattle with the vibrations of the storm.   He grabbed clothes from the wall and placed them into a pile on the floor against the counter to try and make a decent place to sit out the storm.  There was a tiny tap at the window.  Amongst the incoming clouds of dust the crow had finally caught up.  Jacob ran to the door and threw the chair out of the way to let the crow in.  It hopped on one foot into the shop.  Jacob picked the chair up and closed the door again.
“Where have you been?” Jacob said.  The crow squawked in reply.  Jacob knelt down and could see it was in pain.  It kept its other leg close to its body.  It must have got hurt whilst exploring the city.  The crow hopped onto the pile of clothes and sat down.  “I guess I will have to sit on the floor then,” Jacob chuckled.
A bright powerful fork of lightning struck a car outside.  The flash of light blinded Jacob’s vision.  Sparks ignited from the roof of the car.  A ferocious roar of thunder soon followed the lightning.  The thick impenetrable clouds of dust rolled through the street and Jacob lost all sight of the outside.  
“Looks like we’re stuck here for a while,” Jacob lay back to rest his head against the pile of clothes.  He rested his eyes but could not fall to sleep.  The snarl of the storm was too loud.  Jacob counted down every few minutes for the next strike of lightning and roar of thunder, the shop shook more and more with every echo of thunder.
It had been an hour before the clouds of dust outside had started to disburse and the thunder lessened.  Whatever sunlight was left in the sky twinkled against the parting clouds.  Jacob could see outside again.  He rose from the pile of clothes and stretched his arms.
“Looks like it’s clear to go back outside,” Jacob turned to the crow.  “Hey,” he tapped the crow but got no response. “Hey, crow,” he tapped it again.  Its eyes were shut and its body lay still.  “Come on crow wake up.” A tear fell from Jacob’s eye as he picked up the lifeless bird.  The bird may have only been with him for a couple of days but he had felt a connection with it.
Even though it was clear outside Jacob sat for another hour morning the loss of his companion.  He rested the crow on the floor and grabbed the knife from his bag.  He placed the knife in front of the crow.  He raised his right hand above the dead bird.
“May Odin give you knowledge on your path, may Thor grant you strength and courage on your way, and may Loki give you laughter as you go.” Jacob had never been a religious or spiritual person, the elders from his village had always spoken of the Nordic gods and how modern man had angered them.  Since the crow had appeared Jacob felt a presence watching over him.  Perhaps it was the God or perhaps it wasn’t, but in the event of an afterlife he wanted to make sure the bird reached there peacefully.
Jacob picked up the knife and cut the head from the crow’s body.  He wrapped the body in a piece of cloth and placed it to one side.  With the knife he cut away the skin and feathers from the skull of the crow.  He wiped away the blood and picked out the inside until the skull was left bare.  He used the knife to pierce a hole in the back of the skill.  Jacob unlocked the thin silver chain from his neck and threaded it through the hole in the skull.  With the skull attached he placed the chain back around his neck.  The crow would now in spirit be with him for the rest of his journey.
Jacob left the shop and returned to the street.  A thin layer of sand had been left scattered across the surface from the storm.  The blue sky had started to fade under the darkness of the approaching night.  Jacob decided he would continue walking into the night, he had already lost valuable time waiting the storm out.  He walked along the pathway and towards the main street.  There was hundreds of shops each side of the road.  Jacob could sense the echoes left behind by the hordes of shoppers.  The light above an old cash machine in the wall of a bank still flickered brightly.  Jacob had not seen one of these before nor knew what they were for.  The screen of the machine although fuzzy still asked for a card to be inserted.  The open door of the bank slowly moved back and forth.  Out of curiosity he had a look inside.  Shattered glass littered the grubby marble floor.  Jacob watched his step to try and not fall over.  A large circular counter sat in the middle of the bank.  There were three smashed computer screens on the counter.  Along the wall on the right were five separate cracked windows.  Above them hung a sign reading ‘cashiers’.  A blooded hand print was painted on the middle window.  Behind the windows lay an office in ruins.  Cabinets thrown to the ground, papers scattered all over the place.  Jacob also noticed empty bullet casings on the floor next to a single leather shoe.  This looked like a robbery.  Jacob had seen enough and left the bank.
Further down the street Jacob spotted a staircase that lead down into the ground.  He headed across the road to see where it lead too.  A signpost next to it read ‘Underground Subway’.  Intrigued he decided he would have a look down there also.  The stairway disappeared into the dark abyss below, Jacob would need light to see.  He grabbed his head lamp from his bag and switched it on.  The top of the stairs were covered by the sand but the further he went down there was less of it.  The moisture in the air below left a damp residue on the steps.  This made his decent difficult and he tried not to slip.  Jacob held onto the hand rail at the side and slowly descended.  He moved his head lamp from left to the right to scan the walls.  The white wall tiles had been stained with age and mould grew from each of their edges.  Rotten posters were glued to the walls, they displayed adverts for various concerts and films, none of which really meant anything to Jacob.
Since Jacob had arrived at the city he had felt he had travelled to another place in time.  Whilst the city was in ruins it had a very modern feel to it, at least compared to what he was used to in his old village.  He knew that if he was impressed by modern nature of this city albeit ruined, then perhaps nothing could prepare him for when he finally saw the ark.
The stairway came to an end and Jacob now found himself in a dark tunnel.  The tiled walls curved into the ceiling above.  Drops of water from the pipes above echoed in the tunnel.  He could see the broken lights hanging from the ceiling.  Old newspapers and empty bottles were littered across the floor.  The only light he had seen so far came from the left.  He approached it and found that it was yet another object he was unfamiliar with, a vending machine.  The backlight on the machine still worked.  The glass untouched and several bags crisps were still sat on the shelves inside.  At first Jacob though he may have found some more supplies, but on closer look the packets looked faded and old.  To top it off little bugs scurried along the shelves, this was enough to put Jacob off.
He walked deeper into the tunnel to see if he could find anything else.  Without looking where he was going he walked into a barrier.  Along the tunnel were several ticket machines with their barriers lowered.  He tried to push the barrier but it would not move.  The only way through was to jump over the barrier.  One the other side he saw another sign over head.  It read ‘Platform 1’ with a left arrow and ‘Platform 2’ with a right arrow.  He turned left and followed the tunnel which led down another stairway.  The air became more uncomfortable.  The warm moisture in the air left droplets of water on Jacob’s coat.  He could see the dust in the light from his headlamp.
At the bottom of this stairway Jacob found himself on a station platform.  Wooden benches rested against the wall.  A briefcase had been left unattended next to one of the benches.  Along the platform sat an abandoned subway train.  The carriages ran from the start to the end of the platform.  The grey paint remained on each carriage and the doors rested open.  Painted across one of the carriages the words ‘The Lord condemns us all’.  Vines and leaves were wrapped around each carriage. Similar to the cave he had travelled through Jacob was surprised to see life in the tunnel despite the lack of light.  He walked onto the carriage directly in front of him.  A foul stench filled his nostrils. Up and down the carriage decomposed bodies sat peacefully in the seats.  With the smell Jacob could not remain here.  He knew he would not find anything of use in the tunnel so he decided to leave.  As he left the carriage he saw two rats scurry past, for a moment he thought about capturing one of them to eat but on second thought they could be riddled with disease what with all the corpses down there.
The sun had now set outside and Jacob was once again alone with the clear night sky.  He had a drink of water from the bottle in his bag.  The humidity of the tunnel had made him thirsty.  As he lifted his head back to drink he observed the brightness of the stars above.  The Milky Way aligned itself perfectly with the street he stood in.  With the millions of stars this one behaved differently to the rest.  It floated in a straight line across the sky.  Beth had told him about this one but he had never seen it himself until this moment.  Before the chaos, man had built a huge station in the sky just above the Earth’s atmosphere.  With all the events that unfolded this station was left untouched in the sky.  Was it still manned Jacob wondered? He had no idea, the toxins in the outer atmosphere from the wars had made it almost impossible for anyone to reach the station but perhaps if man had travelled there once they could travel there again.
Beside the subway a map was placed in a plastic glass cabinet.  Jacob wiped away the dirt so he could get a better glimpse.  The name of the city had faded but he could make out a small arrow that pointed to the subway station he was stood at: ‘you are here’ it read.  He moved his finger north on the map to work out where he had travelled so far.  Despite successfully finding the streets he had walked past the city map continued further than he had walked.  It was almost as though half of the city was missing.  Jacob did not know the fully story of how Pangaea was formed but he was sure this was a reason why parts of the city were no longer there.  South of the map though he saw the middle of the city, perhaps this was where is was supposed to go.
The moon sat in the sky directly in front of Jacob.  The moon light showed him the way forward.  He would only need to use his torch to navigate any large pieces of rubble that lay across the tarmac.  The wind had picked up once again and ricocheted through each empty crumbling building.  Jacob approached a large junction in the road.  The junction split into six different directions, this was certainly bigger than any other junction he had past.  In the centre stood a torn up double decker bus.  Its roof had be ripped away, the windows shattered and several cars had crumbled into the side of it.  Jacob walked across the junction and to the street directly opposite him.
The beginning of the street had been completely blocked off.  A building had collapsed across it and into the building opposite.  Cars underneath had been crushed.  Jacob could see random pieces of furniture amongst the rubble.  These had been people’s homes.  Unlike the other rubble he had come across there was no climbing over this, it was too high and far too unstable.  He could hear the concrete and steel groan in the wind.  There was a hole in the building it had collapsed into that created a path for Jacob to follow.  He turned on his head lamp to work out a route, unfortunately the moonlight could not penetrate the shadows created by the concreate.
Jacob lowered his head and stepped over an exposed drain to gain access to the building.  The inside had been an office building, burnt chairs and desks surrounded by shattered glass, with insulation and tiles hanging from the ceiling.  It was similar to the bank, computers broken and paper scattered everywhere.  One desk though appeared to be unscathed.  The computer screen was clear and a chair was placed neatly under the desk.  There were several photographs of a family on the desk, a man, woman and two children huddled together smiling.  The bright colours of the photos stood out from the dull, miserable surroundings.  Next to the photographs a cactus plant grew from a small plant pot.  Whilst he could understand life growing from the earth underground he could not understand how a plant must still be growing from a flower pot in this environment.
Jacob reached the other side of the office near the exit.  Ahead he could see the bouncing light from three torches.  At first elated Jacob thought had found who he needed to, however what if they were not? What if they were like the father and son he had encountered the previous day?  Undecided he quietly stepped to the rear of the office and hid behind a collapsed wall.  Jacob waited for the carriers of the torches to approach before he made his mind up.
Two men and one woman strolled into the office, clearly they only knew of this path to get around the collapsed building.  All three looked similar to those people Jacob had encountered in Noriea.  The first man was tall and powerful, the second the total opposite, but both scruffy looking.  The woman was short and stocky, she looked more masculine then the smaller male.
“Be careful where you tread there’s broken glass everywhere,” the taller man said.
“You say this every time Chief, we know there’s broken glass, and hell there’s broken glass in every bloody building.  What are we doing here anyway?” the women grunted.
“We’ve had word from Noriea that there’s some guy making his way here with a hefty price on his head,” Chief replied.
“Shit,” Jacob murmured to himself.  The last thing he wanted was some more bounty hunters looking for him.  He kept low and continued to watch them through a small crack in the wall.
The small man walked up to the undisturbed table was and emptied some of his water bottle over the cactus.
“How many times have I got to tell you Ash, stop wasting water on that plant,” Chief quietly yelled.
“Look this is the only thing I’ve seen that’s alive since we arrived here, it’s a miracle it hasn’t died yet.  How long are you going to keep us out here, we’ve been searching all day my feet are killing,” Ash groaned.
“Wind your neck in and keep moving, we’re bound to stumble across something soon enough.” Chief pushed Ash forward.
After a few moments they had left the building.  Jacob crawled from out behind the wall and watched as they shone their torches around the junction outside.  He carefully crawled between the shards of glass on the floor trying not to make a sound or to hurt himself.  Once at the exit he climbed to his feet.  As he turned to leave the building his bag hit against the shattered window frame.  The last piece of glass that reminded in the frame became loose and fell to the ground.  It shattered into pieces and the sound echoed along the street.  Jacob’s eyes widened, he had bound to give away his position.
“Did you hear that?” Ash said to Chief.
“Shhh, quiet,” Chief looked around.
Jacob stood still for a moment and tried not to make another sound.  Within the wreckage he could see a small gap that led to the junction.  Through this he spotted the woman.  Jacob ducked but was not quick enough, she had spotted him.
“There!” she shouted and pointed at Jacob.
“Quick back through there and get the bastard,” Chief ordered.
Jacob did not hesitate, he ran down the street as quickly as he could.  He hopped over chunks of rubble and slid over the bonnets of the wrecked cars.  The road became a challenging obstacle course when taken at a pace.  Jacob struggled for breath, the last few days had caught up on him.  He was tired, hungry and fatigued but he still had the will to carry on.  If he stopped for one moment they would catch up on him.  There was another collapsed building blocking the road.  He would have to yet again find another way past.
Another office building would provide a path, it was in a similar state of destruction to the one Jacob had just climbed through.  This time he saw a staircase that was still standing.  He ran through a collapsed hallway to the entrance of the staircase. 
“Where’d he go?!” Ash shouted.
“He can’t have gone far, he must have gone in one of these buildings.  Ash you take that one and we will take the other,” Chief replied.
Jacob saw the flicker from Ash’s torch near him.  He ducked down and hid for a moment.  Whilst down low down he looked up for a better look at the stairway.  The floors above had separated from it apart from the top floor.  Jacob crawled along the floor and through the doorway.  The floor in the stairway was littered with old crisp packets and rusty drink cans.  The yellow painted line on the front of every step had chipped away.  There were stains on the wall where someone had clearly relieved themselves.  He climbed to his feet and carefully took each step at a time to try and not make any sound.  This proved difficult what with his heavy boots and coat. At the end of each flight of stairs there was an empty doorway that lead to the ground below.  Each time Jacob reached one he took a look below to see if he could see the trio.  It was too dark to make out anyone but he could still see the torch flickering amongst the rubble.  Jacob stopped for a moment to catch his breath.  
“Hey chief I see something,” Ash looked up at the stairway and saw a shadow. He lifted his torch and its light caught Jacob.  “Chief I found him!”  Ash lowered his torch and ran straight to the stairs.
Jacob winced from the bright light, he froze for a moment whilst he summed up his options.  He could either wait for Ash or continue up the stairs albeit at a faster pace.  Jacob chose the second option.  He took two steps at a time.  His heavy clothes and large rucksack were weighing him down, Ash would soon catch up. He stopped at the next doorway, the floor was not too far away.  He decided his option now was to jump to the other side.  The walls became illuminated with Ash’s torch.
“Hey!” Ash shouted.
Jacob did not look behind, he took a step back and jumped across.  He stumbled to the other side, dust spewed into the air and cracks appeared as the floor around him creaked.  He struggled to get up, the floor started to break away.  Jacob scratched at the floor as he tried to find some grip to help himself up.  A metal rod pierced through the concrete, this was enough for Jacob to move himself away from the disintegrating concrete.  He stood up and looked behind. 
“Don’t move,” Ash was stood in the doorway holding a gun.
Jacob stood still and looked around.
“I said don’t move!” Ash yelled.
“You don’t have to do this,” Jacob calmly spoke back.
“Oh yeah why don’t I?”
“I am worth more then what ever you are being offered,” Jacob raised his hands into the air.
“Bullshit, like I said stay where you are.”
Jacob took another look around and despite having a gun pointing at him he turned and dashed forward.  Surprised, Ash first lowered his gun and swore to himself.  He lifted the gun back up and aimed at Jacob.  He fired one bullet but it ricocheted of a loose piece of debris.  With a second shot he did not miss.  The bullet caught Jacob in the shoulder and flung him to the ground.  Jacob let out a groan.
“Got him!” Ash congratulated himself.  He took a leap forward and jumped onto the other side with Jacob.
Jacob rolled around in pain.  He could feel the blood seeping from bullet that lay inside the wound.  His arm went numb and his head felt light.  Ash approached with caution, he held his gun out and stood over the faded Jacob.
Ash kicked Jacob. “Don’t die on me,” he laughed. 
“Screw you,” Jacob spat on Ash’s foot.
“You’re going to wipe that off,” Ash kicked him again.
“Ash where are you?” Chief shouted from below.
“Up here boss, I caught him in the shoulder, he isn’t going anywhere.”
“He better not die Ash or I’ll put a bullet in you myself.”
“Don’t worry about it he’ll live,” Ash smiled.  “Stay down there and I’ll bring him down.”
“And how exactly do you plan on doing that?” Jacob coughed. “In case you couldn’t tell we’re several floors up and your little weedy ass couldn’t lift a rock never mind me.”
“Shut up!” Ash crouched down and pressed his gun against Jacob’s forehead. “You’re going to get up and walk aren’t you?”
“What makes you think I’m going to do as you say?” Jacob laughed.
“Because if you don’t I’m going to empty this gun and spray your brains all over the floor.”
“What about your boss below, I thought he said I can’t die.”
“I guess I must have missed that part,” Ash pulled the gun away.  He walked to the edge of the floor and looked around to see if there was an easier way down.
With Ash’s back turned Jacob composed himself.  Adrenaline pumped through his body, he had forgotten about the pain surging through his shoulder.  This was the perfect opportunity to escape.  He silently crawled to his knees and stared at Ash.  If he could find the strength he could easily take care of his attacker.
“Ash….is everything ok?” Chief asked.
“I told you, I got this!” Ash shouted back.
Ash turned around to face Jacob, at this point Jacob had stumbled to his feet and ran forwards.  His slammed into Ash and they both tumbled to the floor.  The gun slid across the ground.  They tussled on the floor both trying to gain control of the situation.  Ash sat on top of Jacob and threw a punch at him.  His fist split Jacob’s lip open.
“Big mistake,” Ash said as he threw another punch.
Jacob tried to free himself from Ash’s grip, blood pumping from his lip.  He freed his right leg and kneed Ash in the spine.  Ash squealed in pain as Jacob landed a punch.  Ash rolled over, both lying in pain on the floor.  The gun was within reach for the two of them and they both caught sight of it.  They looked at each other and at the same time reached out for the weapon.  Jacob pushed Ash away and grabbed the gun.  He rolled over to point the gun but Ash had picked up a rock and hit him in the chest.  Jacob lost his grip on the gun.
“What was that you said about the rock?” Ash picked up the gun and was once again standing over Jacob.
“Go one then fire the dam thing!” Jacob yelled.  The floor around the both of them cracked.  Ash panicked, he stumbled backwards as he saw the concrete break away.
“Oh dear,” Jacob smiled.  The ground trembled and the floor collapsed.  Jacob managed to roll away from the departing concrete, but Ash was not so fortunate.  He lost his footing and along with the falling debris he plummeted to the ground far below.  His scream echoed throughout the building.  Chief could do nothing but watch his comrade fall to an untimely end.  His head hit against the floor below as he landed and split open, his body crumbled as it hit the ground.  His bones pierced through his skin, he breathing slowed and his heart finally stopped.
“Ash!” Chief shouted, he pulled out his gun and fired in anger from where he had fallen.  They both ran over to the body but it was too late to do anything.
Jacob took one more look over the edge, he now had the perfect opportunity to escape, and they were not going to catch him.  He turned around and casually walked through the wrecked offices.  The end of the building was not too far to walk.  The windows had been blown from the frames.  Jacob peered his head below, it was quite a drop to the floor.  The building next to him was only a couple of metres away, with a long enough run up he could easily make it to the other side.  Jacob threw his bag over first and then took ten paces back.  He swung his arms back and forth to gain momentum and ran towards the edge.  With a big enough leap into the air he managed to make it to the other building.  He rolled as he landed to break his landing.
Jacob wiped himself down and took another drink from the water bottle and put the bag back over his shoulder.  This building was similar to the last one, another ruined office block.  Jacob saw a flight of stairs that led down, but these were unlike any he had seen before.  Trapped away in the north he had not seen escalators.  They were stationary and the metal stairs had rusted over the years in the dry air.  Jacob rocked the hand rail to check it was sturdy.  The glass underneath had cracked but not yet shattered.  He took one step onto the escalator and it groaned under his weight.  It would be an uneasy walk down.  With each step the groans became louder and the escalator gently swayed from side to side.   When Jacob had almost reached the bottom a loud bang came from behind him.  The supports to the escalator had broken away and the structure had started to collapse.  Jacob ran down the last few steps as it broke up behind him.  He made the ground just in time, the escalator collapsed with a loud crash.  There was no sign of the others, but that sound was sure to get their attention.
Jacob quickly left the building and returned to the street.  There were less cars blocking the road and the tarmac was intact.  It was almost like the collapsed building had acted as a barricade to what had caused the destruction on the other side.  The buildings here were in better condition, their structures intact, except for a layer of the suffocating dust that engulfed the city.  Every so often the street lights would take it in turns to flicker on and off.
A decaying park was at the end of the road.  Jacob could either turn left, right or walk through the middle.  The park stretched for at least a mile either side.  Naked, dead trees were enclosed by a black metal fence that surrounded the park and there was a gate at the end of the road.  Jacob tried to open the gate but it was locked with a heavy metal chain.  The gate was only just taller than him and could easily jump over it.  He threw over his bag and used the design of the gate to lift his body over it.
Inside the park he took in a better view.  A mysterious fog swept across the ground.  There were Victorian-styled lamp posts lined up against a pebble path.  Each lamp had a faint glow from a burning gas.  The visibility wasn’t brilliant, but it would suffice.  The pebbles crunched with each step that Jacob took.  The grass was scorched and all but one tree was dead.  He walked up to tree that still had a few leaves growing from its branches.  Jacob placed his hand on the bark and felt its warmth.  It was relieving to see something alive growing on the surface.  He pulled out a small pen knife from his bag and carved his name into the bark.  The soil around the tree looked very different to the rest of the park.  It had not been scorched.  Jacob knelt down and touched the soil with his bare hand and found that it was warm and moist.  Moss mixed in with the soil and a worm wriggled free from the clump that he held.  Jacob placed the soil back before the tree.  The crow’s skull hung from the chain around his neck in front of him.  He held it in his palm for a moment.  Jacob dug a small hole in the damp soil and removed the crow’s skull from around his neck.  He placed it in the hole and covered it up with soil.
“Rest easy my friend,” Jacob patted the soil flat.
The adrenaline had worn off and the pain from the bullet had returned.  Jacob had to deal with the pain immediacy or he would not be walking any further.  He sat against the tree and looked inside the bag to see if Erik had packed anything useful.  After a few minutes of searching Jacob decided the best way to look would be to empty the bag onto the floor.  This made it easier to search, he quickly found a roll of gaffer tape, not an ideal solution to stop the bleeding but it would hold.  He then saw a rusty pair of plyers, again these weren’t a great choice but they were all he had.
Jacob took off his coat and rolled up his sleeve.  He used water from the bottle to clean the wound.  Cleaned he looked to see how deep the bullet had gone in.  Luckily it had not dug too deep into his arm.  He picked up the plyers and held them above his arm.  He paused for a moment as he tried to steady his hand and prepare himself for the inevitable pain he would endure.  Blood once again drippled from the hole he had to act now.  He took a breath and pinched the bullet with the plyers.
“Ahh!” he screamed out.
The bullet was lodged within his flesh, it was difficult to get a hold of.  It took several attempts before he could film get a hold of the bullet.  Once he had grabbed it he carefully pulled the bullet from his arm.  The pain eased from his arm the moment it was removed.  He dropped the bullet in his hand surprised at how small it was compared to the pain it caused.  Now Jacob had to stop the bleeding.  Again he washed the wound and then teared the gaffer tape, enough to stick across his arm and firmly seal the wound.  Despite the wound sealed and the bullet gone his arm was still incredibly sore.
Jacob rested for a moment, just until the paid had subdued to a manageable level.  He picked up the items from the floor and filled the bag.  Jacob slowly put on his jacket mindful of the pain in his arm.  He followed the path through the fog.  At that point the stars had been submerged by the clouds in the sky.  The moonlight was not strong enough to penetrate through, this left Jacob in a surreal darkness.  A sudden roar came from the darkness ahead.  There was no telling what it was, he stopped for a moment to listen out for any sign of what it could be.  There was nothing, thinking little of the noise he carried on.  
There was a bend in the path, the ground to his right descended.  Jacob pulled out his torch and took a closer look as to what was down there.  A small reservoir was at the bottom, though it had shrunk dramatically.  Jacob did not risk walking down, the edges looked too dangerous.  His torch reflected off several fish that still remained in the shallow water.  They did not have much space to swim and would suffocate soon enough.  At the other end of the reservoir Jacob saw where the roar came from.  A large beast was drinking.  It was four times the size of the wolves he had already seen.  Its thick, black fur blended in with the darkness, its obscure crimson eyes focused directly on Jacob.  It revealed its huge snarling teeth as it growled at him.  He did not stand still any longer, but walked quickly away.  
Jacob could hear the footsteps of the beast walking up the embankment.  He picked up his pace, hopefully he could disappear into the darkness out of view from the creature.  However, it could still smell his scent.  The footsteps were getting closer, the beast’s breath was only a whisker away.  There was a small stone bridge that lead over an empty river bed.  Jacob threw his bag onto the bridge and slid down the dry muddy riverbed into the thick of the fog and hid underneath it.  He heard the beast reach the bridge and its claws scratch against the stone.  It sniffed his bag and rummaged through it.  
A gun clocked behind Jacob’s head.
“Don’t move,” Chief whispered.
“There is a huge beast above us right now, do you really think pointing a gun at me is a good idea?” Jacob murmured back.
“You had better be quiet then,” the woman walked from out the shadows and in front of Jacob.
“What do you what?” Jacob asked.
“Well we were after a healthy pay check from delivering your worthless ass, but after what you did to Ash I don’t know if I feel like letting you live.” Chief pushed the gun into the back of Jacob’s head.
“That wasn’t my fault the floor broke around his feet,” Jacob replied.
“Of course he’s going to say that Chief, I say pull the dam trigger and let’s get out of here.  We can feed his corpse to the beast.”
“Quiet,” the chief put his finger to his mouth.  “I think it’s gone.”
The beast had finished rummaging through Jacob’s bag.  They all thought it had left, however they were wrong.  It suddenly leapt from out the fog with its razor claws and attacked the woman.  It snarled as it pinned her to the ground.  She shrieked in terror, the claws sliced through her chest.  She tried to struggle free but the creature’s shear power made it impossible.
Chief pushed Jacob out the way and fired a shot at the beast.  It cowered from the impact of the bullet but in anger grab the woman’s neck with it teeth and carved away at her throat.  She coughed up blood with her last few grasps of breath.  Chief kicked the beast in the head and fired a couple more shots.  With Chief distracted Jacob used this opportunity to escape.  He ran from out the bridge and climbed up the river bank.  He left his ruined bag on the bridge, there was no time to sort through what he could salvage. Back on the pebble path he ran through the rest of the park.  He heard five more shots and a loud cry from the beast.  Chief had killed it.
“Jacob!” Chief screamed.
Jacob reached the end of the park, but unlike the entrance the gate here was taller with sharp spikes at the top.  Like the other gate it too was padlocked.  Jacob kicked at it to try and break the lock.  It would not budge and Chief was getting closer.  
“Come on,” Jacob shouted as he kicked at the gate again.  There were several large rocks beside him.  Jacob picked them up and one by one threw them at the gate.  After the fourth attempt the lock broke and the gate swung open.  Jacob ran through onto the street.  The fog had dispersed and revealed a much greater sight on this side of the park.  The buildings were twice as tall and disappeared into the clouds above.  The bottom half of the skyscrapers had been decimated by gunfire and explosions.  Great battles had left their mark on the city.  The top half of the buildings remained untouched.  The moonlight that broke free through the clouds reflected off the intact glass walls.  The glimmering stars made it difficult to see where the buildings finished and the sky began.  Jacob was taken by surprised as a bullet flew past his ear.
“The next one won’t miss,” Chief grunted.
Jacob stood still and raised his hands into air. “Hey you don’t want to do this, I’m worth more alive than dead.”
“I don’t give a shit at this point.”
Jacob suddenly saw a red dot hover across the floor in front.  He followed it as it reached up his legs and rested over his heart.  “Err… you might wanna stay still.”
“You make one move and die,” Chief was unaware of the swarming red dots.  As one dot rested on Jacobs chest another made it’s away between Chief’s eyes.  Without warning a bullet was fired, it entered through his temple and exited from the back of his head.  Blood dripped down his face, he fell to his knees and collapsed to the floor.
The red dot disappeared from Jacob’s chest.  At first he did not want to move just in case he was next.  After he had waited a couple of minutes he slowly turned around.  Chief lay motionless in a pool of his own blood.  Jacob walked over to him and crouched down.
“Never mind,” Jacob said to Chief’s corpse.  He pulled Chief’s fingers away from the gun.
“Put it down!” a voice behind shouted.
The red dot reappeared on Chief’s dead hand.
“I guess I had better not,” Jacob smiled to himself.  He stood up and turned around with his hands raised in the air.  “Show yourself!” he shouted.
The red dot disappeared once more.  Two large search lights were placed on top of the fourth floor balconies on the corner buildings either side of the junction in front.
“Lights!” the voiced called.
The lights were switched on and Jacob was dazed by their brightness.  He shielded his eyes with his arms.  It was a good job no one else was after him, the lights could be seen for miles.
“I don’t want any trouble,” Jacob called out.
“Get to your knees,” the voice ordered.
“I guess if I don’t you’re going to shoot me too?” Jacob replied.  There was no reply to Jacob, he took the silence for a yes.  “Very well,” he murmured.  With his arms still covering his eyes he steadily knelt on his knees.  “There you go!” he shouted.
A shadow walked from out the light.  The man stood in front of Jacob and grabbed his arm.  Jacob wanted to resist but thought better of it.  He rolled up Jacob’s sleeve and turned his arm over.  He moved his finger along the backside of his arm. 
“That’s just a birthmark,” Jacob pointed out the faded red pattern on the inner of his wrist.
“We’ve found him,” the man shouted and loosened Jacob’s arm.
“Lights!” the voice shouted again.
The lights switched off and Jacob lowered his other arm, he could see again.  Jacob stood up and stepped away from the man in front.  Another five people appeared from the shadows.  Jacob was surrounded.
“This isn’t good,” Jacob worried.
“Well hello Jacob we finally meet,” the tallest man clapped his hands as they approached.
“Shit,” Jacob looked left and right for a route to escape.  He turned his back and ran.
“Stop him,” the man ordered.
Others appeared either side of Jacob.  The closest hit Jacob around the head with the end of his gun.  Jacob lost balance and fell to the ground.  His eyes blurred and just as the people surrounded him he passed out.






chapter nine


Jacob opened his eyes as he was carried through a dimly lit hallway.  His vision was still hazy, he could not make out much detail of where he was been taken.  Faint light bulbs hung from the ceiling, they swung with the whisper of wind that echoed through the tunnel.  His arms were dropped over the shoulders of two burley men, his feet draped along the floor.  Jacob tried to keep his head up but he did not have enough strength, his head pounded with an almighty ache.  Cables were tied together along one side of the hallway.  The hallway itself was built from stone brick that curved into the ceiling.
Jacob groaned.  “Looks like our guest it waking up,” one of the men spoke.  The other just laughed in reply.
They carried Jacob through a doorway and sat him down, resting him on an old cushioned couch.  Dust sprung from the aged floral pillows.  Jacob rubbed his head and regained his sight.  He had been placed is a small, dry, and grubby room.  Two empty armchairs of similar design sat either side of him.  There was a worn, oak coffee table in front.  A painting hung from the opposite wall.  Within the pale silver frame there was a scene of a city skyline beneath a sunset.  Jacob presumed perhaps this skyline was that of the ruined city he had walked through.
“Will someone get this man a glass of water?” a man sat on the armchair to Jacob’s right.  “Hello Jacob, I have waited a long time to meet you.”  He sat with a commanding posture, he was much older than Jacob and the colour of his neatly trimmed beard matched that of his grey scruffy hair.  He wore a dark green jacket with a symbol sewn on the sleeve.  The teal coloured fist was stitched within the black outline of the continent of Pangaea.
“Who are you?” Jacob grumbled, it hurt to speak as his throat was sore.
A glass of water was placed on the table.  “Use a coaster for god’s sake,” the man shouted.  He looked a Jacob and smiled. “This table is centuries old I won’t have it ruined by one moron who forgets to use a coaster.  Would you not agree?”
“I guess so,” Jacob said.
“Please take a drink,” he passed Jacob the glass of water.
“I repeat who are you?” Jacob asked with a refreshed voice.
“I am the man you have been travelling to meet,” he replied.
“So you are the North Commander?” Jacob spoke with relief, he had finally reached destination.
“That is correct Jacob.  I am Caster Karason the North Commander of the People’s Army,” Caster introduced himself.
“It’s a pleasure to finally meet you Commander.”
“Nonsense it’s a pleasure to meet you Jacob, and call me Caster.  Let my doctor talk a look at your arm.” Caster welcomed the female doctor into the room.
The doctor sat next to Jacob and placed her medical bag on the table. “Take off your jacket and let’s have a look at this arm of yours.”
Jacob followed orders and removed his jacket.  The doctor opened the bag and pulled out a needle, thread and a bottle of liquid.  She rolled up his sleeve and laughed.
“From all my time spent stitching up bullet holes not once have a seen one stuck together with gaffer tape.”
“Laugh if you must but I didn’t exactly have much choice out there.  If you’re going to mock me you could at least tell me your name first?” Jacob playfully asked.
“My name is Parmjit,” she opened the bottle and poured the liquid onto the wound.
Jacob pulled away from the sting of the liquid. “Are you rubbing vodka onto my arm?”
“We’re not exactly blessed with many medical supplies here in case you couldn’t tell. The strength and amount of alcohol in this is enough to numb the pain don’t worry.”
“Well you had better not use too much, would be a shame to waste it all,” Jacob smirked.  “You’re not like rest here?”
“You mean I’m brown and those you have seen so far are white.”
“Well if you want to be that direct.”
“I assure you Jacob we have people of all sorts of creeds here.  We don’t have different identities here, we are all people of Pangaea,” Caster interjected.
“Yes, so be careful when you refer to someone as different,” Parmjit threaded the needle and held Jacob’s arm.  “This might sting a little,” she pierced the skin around his arm with the needle and threaded through the string.
“Sorry I asked,” Jacob winced.
“I’m assuming as you are travelling alone that means either Erik has been captured or he didn’t make it out of Noriea alive,” Caster spoke to Jacob as Parmjit repaired his arm.
“I’m sorry, but he sacrificed himself to save me as we left Noriea.”
“Don’t apologise, Erik would not have made the sacrifice if he had thought you were not worthy of it.” Caster paused for a moment.
“Do you want some time?” Jacob didn’t know how else to continue the conversation.
“I once read, the fear of death follows from the fear of life.  A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time.  I have always prepared myself and anyone who follows me for our eventual oblivion.  Erik will be rewarded in the afterlife.”
“It looks like I’m done here,” Parmjit had finished stitching up Jacob’s arm.  “I hope that didn’t hurt too much.”
“Don’t worry I think I handled the pain well enough,” Jacob smiled.
“If you don’t mind Commander I will excuse myself.”
“Thank you for your help dear,” Caster excused Parmjit.
“So where have you brought me?” Jacob asked Caster.
“At the moment we are sat below a church not far from where we found you.  We have a network of tunnels beneath the surface.  Now we have found you we can start to move out and join the rest of the army in Arcadia.”
“You’re kidding me, I’ve just spent the last couple of weeks traveling to meet you and you’re telling me I’m not done yet?” Jacob sat up.
“Relax Jacob, it will take us at least a couple of days to pack everything up and move out.  We have forty men and women stationed here.  It’s not just a case of us upping and leaving, we do have equipment and belongings we need to take.  Finish your drink and I will show you around.  Oh and apologies for the blow you took to the head, some of my guys get a bit too excited sometimes.”
“No worries,” Jacob drank the rest of the water and followed Caster into the hallway.
There was another doorway down the short hall, which led to a steel stairway.  It was cramped with only enough space for one person to walk down at a time.  Spotlights were drilled into the wall.  Jacob looked up and could see daylight.
“How long was I out for?” Jacob asked.
“About an hour or so,” Caster walked down the steps and to the floor below.  
The steps led to a steel walkway.  Jacob could see below, it was a bit of a drop.  A pool of water was about fifty feet underneath them.  The walls around him had been chipped out of the rock in the ground.  There were two doorways either side of them, Caster walked through the nearest into a bigger room.
“This is our control room,” Caster gestured to a vast amount of armoury and surveillance equipment.
Jacob took a moment to look around.  The first thing he noticed was the exquisite rugs that covered the dirt floor.  In the centre of the room there was a ring of desks with several televisions on them.  Two women were sat at the desks wearing headsets.  On the one side of the room there was a large map of the city with a table in front.  There were pins placed on certain parts of the map.
“Jacob these are my two security queens, they are my eyes and ears on the surface,” Caster introduced Jacob to the two women.  The first, a young looking girl she must have been in her mid-teens, the other an older but still young women similar to Jacob’s age.
“Hi,” the youngest spoke “I’m Kirsten, nice to meet you.” She stood up and blushed at Jacob’s appearance.  The other remained seated, but looked up and smiled at Jacob.  “You will have to pardon Zoe, she’s not the most social person,” Kirsten laughed.
“How’s it looking today?” Caster asked.
“All good this morning Commander, team Alpha are going through their perimeter search but nothing yet,” Kirsten replied.
“Now Jacob is with us, we must be careful, I doubt they would have let him out of their sights so easily.”
“Yes Commander,” Kirsten sat back down.
“What’s through there?” Jacob pointed to another room opposite the map.
“Follow me and I will show you.” Caster led Jacob into the room.  “This is our armoury.”
The right side of the room was lined with several rifles and racks of ammo.  At the end of the room body armour and gas masks were placed on steel shelves.  Rocket launchers were secured to the wall and other explosives were scattered about the room.
“How exactly do you plan on taking all this with you, surely we can’t carry it all?” Jacob walked up and down the aisles of weapons.
Caster laughed. “Not too far from here were have a small runway hidden within a cave.  Inside we have some small planes and a helicopter.  The idea is to clean enough debris from the road to create a runway where we can load everything and fly to...”
“To Arcadia,” Jacob interrupted.
“That’s the plan.”
“But why all this hardware, why not just meet me at Noriea if I was that important?”
“Jacob until a couple of weeks ago your existence was a mere myth.  One of my spy’s north of Noriea saw what happened to your village.  He caught sight of you leaving before the village was burned down.”
“What happened to those who remained at the village, Beth did she escape?” Jacob worryingly asked.
“Do not worry yourself Jacob, we know two boats left the harbour full of people,” Caster tried to reassure him.
“Was Beth amongst them?”
“I don’t have a list of survivors at the moment, they would have continued to sail south.  I’m sure our ships will pick them up.”
“Did your man to the north not keep tracks on boats?”
“Once he was aware of your presence you were his only concern, you should be thankful he gave me that much feedback regarding your village.”
“Beth is the only family I have!” Jacob raised his voice.
“I am aware of her importance to you, like I said wait until we reach Arcadia and I’m certain she will meet you there.”
“So what other things do you wish to show me on this tour?” Jacob spoke sarcastically.
“Before I show you the quarters let me show another room,” Caster led Jacob back into the surveillance room.  “Now not many of the others know of this room,” he leant against the wall to the right and a hidden door in the wall opened.
“A secret door, cute,” Jacob laughed.
“Apologies ladies but I must close this door behind me,” Caster winked at the women and closed the door.
They had entered a smaller, darker room.  There were also surveillance screens in this room too, however these were of the rooms within the tunnels. On the wall was a map of Pangaea.  Jacob had always wondered exactly how big the continent was, now he could see.  At the top of the map Jacob saw a small dot where his village was across the mountains of the north.  There were several other villages scattered across the mountain range, but Jacob’s was the furthest north.  Below the mountains he saw Noriea and further down a long canyon that stretched across the map.  The ruined city Jacob was now in contained most of the canyon.  In the middle of the map Jacob saw Elysian and the Forest of Arcadia around it.  To scale the forest had to be at least a hundred miles wide.  South of Pangaea along the coast there was another city twice as big as Noriea, however there was no name next to this one.  Other villages were drawn on the map along the coast of Pangaea.
“Why are these monitors separate to the ones outside?” a confused Jacob asked.
“As much as I trust my men and women, the riches of the Ark has always proved to be a toxic temptation.  I have had to deal with a few weaker minded souls in the past so let’s just say this acts as a sort of insurance policy.”
Jacob took time to look at each screen and get a better understanding of the layout of the complex.  He managed to work out it housed a kitchen, several rooms with beds lined up, there were a couple of recreational rooms and even one with half a basketball court in it.
“You certainly provide your people with enough space down here.”
“I assume you were caught in that sandstorm yesterday?” Caster asked.
“Yes why?” Jacob replied.
“We have similar storms every other day, some may last an hour others can last days.  We need enough space down here otherwise they will go out of their minds.”
“What’s with the grainy monitor?” Jacob pointed to the monitor in the corner.  The picture was nowhere as clear as the others.
“I’m glad you asked, this Jacob is our live feed of the Ark.  It’s not clear but it helps us with the general direction of where it’s headed.”
“How can you tell I can barely see anything,” Jacob bent down for a closer look.
“If you look near the centre of the screen you will be able to make out a dark shadow.”
“Yeah I see that but it looks nothing like what I have been told, that looks tiny in comparison.  Why can’t you get a better picture?”
“Don’t be foolish Jacob, whenever it is that you set sights on the Ark it will silence you, that grainy picture does it no justice, our best guess is it’s about fifty miles away from our camera.”
“Then why not move it closer.”
“Ha,” Caster chuckled. “Don’t you think we have tried that, at one point we had over a hundred men camped in positions around the Ark keeping surveillance.  One by one they have been hunted and either captured or killed.  Those that did escape stepped too close to the Ark.”
“And have they not returned?”
“If a human steps underneath the Ark do you know what happens to him?”
“No,” Jacob replied. 
“Whatever kind of physics or chemistry they are using to keep that place a float will rip a man apart.  I have seen many a man fall under and have their skin torn from their bones.  Not a sight I exactly want to see again.  This monitor is the last live picture we have of the Ark.”
“And what about the map?” Jacob pointed to the wall.
“So, using this monitor we have been able to track the position of the Ark and follow its path.  Currently we believe it is near the west coast.  Usually it will generally move from east to west then return.”
“Why does the Ark not cross the ocean?”
“It cannot, we are not quite sure yet but in all these years monitoring it we have not yet once seen it across the path of any body of water.  We see this as a potential weakness but I can explain more of that when we reach Arcadia.  Anyway, Jacob you must be hungry?”
“I certainly am, I haven’t eaten a proper meal for well over a week now.”
“Follow me and I’ll take you to the mess hall, as you can see on the monitors its breakfast time,” Caster led Jacob through the corridor of tunnels, 
The corridors became cooler the further they went from the surveillance room.  Jacob sneakily caught a glimpse in the female quarters.  There were metal framed bunk beds either side of the room.  Clothes were screwed up in piles on the floor next to the beds.  There was an old chest of drawers in the far corner where a woman stood beside a mirror attached to the wall.  She brushed her wet dark hair and dropped the towel from around her waist.  Jacob gasped at her naked figure, he had not seen many women with such a figure previously, the moisture from the shower glistened off her olive skin, she knelt down with her hourglass figure to reach for the towel.  As she looked up she saw Jacob.
“Excuse me,” she smiled.
“Oh sorry,” Jacob quickly looked away.
“Caught looking,” Caster laughed. “Be careful around the women here, they may look all innocent and pretty but they are trained soldiers.  Believe me they would eat you up.  Tell me Jacob did you not have a woman back home.”
“Sort of,” Jacob replied.
“How sort of?”
“Her name was… is Freyja.  We were close I just hope nothing has happened to her after I left.”
“As I have mentioned before Jacob do not worry yourself, I’m certain the people from your village will be safe.” Caster stood by the next doorway. “After you.”
Jacob walked through first and entered the mess hall.  There were twenty or so men and a few women in the hall sat around two rows of tables.  Jacob could smell the flavours of food being cooked in the kitchen next door.  He walked up to an empty seat at the end of the table and sat down.  Three strong muscular men were sat around him, they all stopped eating and looked Jacob up and down.
“So you’re our little celebrity,” the closest snarled with a mouthful of food.
“That is correct Tomkin, Jacob is the very reason we are all heading back to Arcadia,” Caster declared to the room.  There was a small cheer.  “Today we shall prepare to move out and tomorrow our landers will take us.”  This again was followed by another cheer.  “Gentlemen please welcome Jacob whilst I see to some other business,” Caster left Jacob in the hands of the three around him.
“Well it’s about bloody time,” Tomkin grabbed Jacob around the neck playfully, “As the Commander said I’m Tomkin, that’s Gunnar opposite you and next to him Ivar.”
“Good morning,” they both greeted Jacob.
“Morning,” Jacob replied.  He shook each of their hands.  They all had similar crushing handshakes.  All three were built to be soldiers, their sleeves barely hid away their huge arms.  Each one had scars scattered across their bodies.  Their faces were covered with beards, Ivar wore a skull and cross boned bandana, Gunnar had rather long hair for such a brute, whilst Tomkin’s hair had long left him, it was replaced with a tattoo of an ace card on the side of his head.
“Chef bring the man over some food!” Tomkin shouted.
A small frail man walked over with a plate of food and placed it on the table.  Scrambled egg and sausages.  The steam rose from the plate and through Jacob’s nostrils, he had not smelt something so tasty for a while.
“Tuck in,” the chef said as he returned to the kitchen.
“You’ll have to pardon him, he’s always been a miserable character.  I’d be careful whilst eating the sausages though.  Meat isn’t exactly a luxury around these parts, the chef has been known to put all sorts in those sausages,” Tomkin finished his breakfast and pushed his plate to the middle of the table.
Jacob took Tomkin’s advice and inspected each slice of sausage, there were a few questionable pieces but at this point Jacob was too hungry to care.
“So you’re the saviour,” Gunnar leaned forward.
“I guess so,” Jacob confidently replied.
“In that case when we get up there I want you to promise me ten of those women from the Ark,” he grunted.
“He’s not here to fulfil your sadistic mind Gunnar,” Tomkin laughed.
“What are you gentlemen talking about?” a women joined them at the table and sat next to Jacob.
“Jacob was about to learn about Gunnar’s sadistic motives,” Tomkin smirked.
“Ignore Gunnar, he has to over compensate for his rather small manhood,” she winked at Jacob.  “Oh I’m Astrid by the way, I would have introduced myself a moment ago but I had dropped my towel.”  Astrid made Jacob blush.  Her hair was still damp but she was clothed similar to the men, heavy combat trousers and a once white t-shirt.
“Ha, you little miscreant, and I thought you looked wet,” Gunnar jovially punched Jacob in his good arm.
“Behave Gunnar, he was simply doing what all you depraved men would do, well except you Gunnar you’re far more depraved then the rest of them.”  Gunnar’s smiled quickly turned to a frown.
“Apologies about that,” Jacob spoke between mouthfuls.
“Don’t worry yourself,” Astrid accepted his apology.
“Are you not eating?” Ivar pipped up.
“I ate earlier. So has the Commander told you all the good news?”
“Yes he has, we pack up and get the hell out of here,” Ivar replied.
“Not quite, first he wants us four to do another perimeter search and just make sure the path is clear.”
All three men groaned together. “Always the bringer of good news aren’t you?” Tomkin stood up from the table.  “I guess we had better suit up then, I’ll meet you all on the surface in half an hour and we can set out.”
The other two men finished their mouthfuls of food and also left the table.
“So what am I supposed to do?” Jacob asked Astrid.
“That’s up to you, you can either get some rest or if you like come with us.  There is no danger we just need to make sure the surrounding buildings are secure enough for our landers.”
“I guess a little more sleep can’t hurt me, but first I need a shower.”
“Yes you do smell a bit,” Astrid joked. “Follow me and I’ll show you the showers, if you’re lucky I may even find you some clean clothes.”  They left the mess hall and walked further down the corridor. “The showers are through there, don’t take too long.”
Jacob walked into the shower room.  It was empty, all the men had taken their morning shower already.  In the first room there were two metal dressers with mirrors against the wall and a long wooden bench in front.  Cold stone covered the floor, not ideal for bare feet.  Towels hung from hangers next to the entrance of the showers.  Jacob undressed and lay his clothes along the bench.  He was careful with his arm to try and not damage the stitches.  There were a few bruises on his shoulders and legs, the last few days had taken their toll on his body.  A blister had burst on his foot and dried blood had settled on his toes.
Undressed he walked into the shower room.  The six showers were fed from a copper pipe that ran along the wall.  He walked to the middle shower and turned the handle on the wall.  The pipes creaked and water burst through the shower head.  Jacob was initially shocked at the coldness of the water, but it soon warmed up, albeit only slightly but it was bearable.  He stood underneath the shower and held his head down to let the water flow down his body.  His aching body was able to relax.  
There was a used bar of soap placed on a metal plate.  Jacob scrubbed the soap over himself to remove the dried dust from his body.  Once he was clean he turned off the shower.  The water on the floor around him was discoloured from the dried blood and dust, it trickled away through the drain in the middle of the room.  Jacob grabbed one of the towels and dried his body.  Sure to her word Astrid left a clean set of clothes on the bench.  It felt refreshing not to have to wear the same dirty, worn clothes.  He put on the clean underwear, combat trousers and t-shirt.  He still had the same pair of boots and jacket which he did not mind.  Dressed Jacob left the shower room and headed upstairs to meet the others.






chapter ten


A mouse scampered across a clean marble floor next to a varnished skirting board.  It could sense the odour of cheese ahead.  It stayed close to the wall not to give way its presence.  The mouse spotted the cheese and slowly scurried up to it.  It broke a piece of cheese with its tiny claws and nibbled away.  With no warning the mouse was stabbed with a knife.
“I hate these bloody pests. I keep telling the cleaners but do they listen? No.” Esau held up the knife and whipped the blood off the blade with his finger.  “It’s always good to appreciate how valuable life is sometimes.” He used a napkin to pull the dead mouse from the knife and dropped it on the floor.  “Hey, clean this mess up!” Esau shouted to one of the servants who stood at his side.  “How are you enjoying your meals ladies?” Esau had let Rebekah, Beth and Freyja join him.
They were sat in one of the grand hall’s in Esau’s home.  Long enough to sit a whole host of people, the table was covered with a white silk cloth.  The windowless room was decorated with ornate wallpaper and paintings, which had been collected over the years.  There were several sculptures of the heads of the previous Chancellors sitting on pedestals.  A diamond chandelier dangled from the ceiling and four candles burnt from golden candle holders.
The room may have been exquisite but that same could not be said for how Esau treated his dinner guests.  They were all still dressed in their grubby clothes they had been in whilst imprisoned.  Their ankles were shackled to the chairs they sat at.  They were free to move their arms enough to eat, but no further, the metal chains made sure of that.
“Oh it’s lovely thank you,” Beth replied sarcastically.
“Watch your tone woman, I can easily throw you back in there,” Esau pointed his fork at Beth.  “You should have a bit more gratitude, not many folk are able to enjoy a meal with the Chancellor, and you should feel honoured.”
“Honoured?!” Beth shouted.
“What did I just say?” Esau shouted back.
“Esau pardon Beth she is just overwhelmed that’s all,” Rebekah interrupted.  Rebekah mouthed to Beth to be quite.
“See mother knows,” Esau laughed.  “Does Miss Freyja not have anything to say?”
Freyja had not spoken a word since she had been imprisoned, she trembled with fear.
“I said, do you not have anything to say?” Esau raised his voice.
“Freyja, Esau is asking if you are enjoying your meal,” Rebekah softy spoke to Freyja.
Freyja rose her head and looked at Esau. “It’s nice, thank you,” she murmured in reply.
“Now that wasn’t difficult was it?” Esau stood up and walked around the table.  “Now then ladies you have been with me for a week now and you haven’t exactly enlightened me with much information.  I had hoped since I have brought you up here that perhaps you would return my gesture of goodwill with something useful.”
“What’s the matter, Atreus not give you what you needed?” Beth sniggered.
Esau slammed his hands on the table next to Beth. “What have I told you about the way you talk to me?!” Esau shouted.  “Atreus is helping me just fine, we nearly have the heathen child, what I want to know is, who was he headed to see.”
“If you nearly have him them perhaps you can ask him yourself,” Beth glared at Esau.
Esau stood up and slapped Beth across the face. “Next time I’ll do something worse!”
Beth yelped and held her sore cheek.  Two men stood at the entrance waiting to be acknowledged.
“May I help you?” Esau asked.
The first man stepped into the room “Sir…”
“Did I say you could enter?” Esau screeched.
“Sorry Sir,” he stepped back.
Esau walked back to his chair and sat down at the table. “Now you may enter.”
“We have received an update on the bounty,” the man nervously spoke.
“And…”
“Well… those tracking the bounty…have erm…” the man stuttered.
“For Christ sake spit it out!” Esau was losing patience.
“Those tracking the bounty are either missing in action or have lost sight of him once he entered the canyon,” the other man interrupted.
Esau dramatically jumped to his feet and his chair feel to the ground. “What do you mean they have lost sight of him? He’s on his own in a deserted city!” Esau yelled and walked closer to the men.
“We believe the People’s Army may have contacted him.”
Esau saw Beth snigger at the news. “You believe, you believe!” he raised his voice and knocked cutlery onto the floor.  “What exactly have you done since you heard this news?” Esau pushed the man.
“We haven’t done anything yet Sir,” he mumbled back.
“Oh, you haven’t done anything yet,” Esau turned his back and murmured to himself.
“Sir, what do you want us to do?” he asked.
“What do I want you to do…?” Esau paused.  He quickly turned away and eyeballed the man.  Esau grinned and clenched his fist.  He punched the man in the jaw and head butted him.  The man fell to the ground in pain.  Blood sprayed from his broken nose across the marble floor.  Esau did not ease up, he repeatedly kicked the man in the stomach until he started coughing up blood.
“Esau!” Rebekah shouted, “Enough.”
Esau kicked the man one last time in the face.  The last kick was a fatal one, his head flung back and blood pooled around his body.  The other man stepped back in fear.  Esau stepped over the dead man into the face of the other.
“You take Atreus and however many men you need…” Esau pushed the man in the chest.  “And get whatever dam ship you need to get your sorry ass there as quickly as possible.  You find him and you bring him to me!” Esau screamed.
The man stepped back. “Yes sir,” he stuttered and quickly fled from the room.
Esau turned around with his fist still clenched and once again saw Beth smiling.  This time he punched her in the jaw leaving her mouth bleeding.  He sat back down. “Will someone please shut this bitch up and take the others back to their cell?” he ordered.
Six guards marched into the room, two to each women.  Beth tried to struggle but they tightly grappled her so she could not move.  Rebekah and Freyja were a lot less troublesome, they left peacefully.  Esau used a napkin to wipe away the blood from his fist.  He threw his plate against the wall and screamed.  “And will someone clean my floor!”






CHAPTER ELEVEN


Jacob walked up the steal staircase and into the church where the others were waiting.  The church differed to the one he had been in previously.  It was built on a much larger grander scale.  There was a black and white checked marble mosaic pattern on the floor.  Long tapestries dropped from the ceiling, the catholic cross was stitched in golden thread.  A red carpet led to the front of the church between the rows of pews.  The smaller stained glass windows of various saints around the church walls were accompanied by a larger window at the front of the church, it had a lot more finer detail, with a weeping male figure nailed to a cross.  A large, old wooden organ was next to the altar with bright gold pipes that reached to the ceiling.
The exit from the staircase brought Jacob to the other side of the altar from the organ.  Tomkin, Gunnar, Ivar, and Astrid were all waiting for him.  They were huddled around Caster who was sat on the step of the altar and leaning over the map of the city.  They were all dressed in their combat trousers, heavy coats and each had a rifle strapped over their shoulder.  The symbol of the People’s Army was embroidered on their arms.  One thing that stood out was that all four of them had gas masks attached to the strap of their rifle.  Jacob assumed this was in case there was a sandstorm.
Caster sat with a lit cigarette in his hand. “Outside I want you to split into two groups and head down Main Street, it should be clear now but we need to make sure the buildings either side are secure, we can’t risk any loose rubble failing onto our pickups.” He took a drag from the cigarette and left it to burn in his mouth.
“And if there is any loose rubble?” Gunnar asked.
“Then secure it dumbass,” Astrid mocked.
The others laughed with Astrid at Gunnar’s obvious question.  “Easy now, is Jacob here?” Caster asked. 
“Yes I am Caster,” Jacob replied from the back.
Caster turned around. “Good, I trust you won’t go getting yourself hurt now will you? I would prefer to wrap you up in cotton wool, last thing we need is something happening to you.”
“Don’t worry Commander he’s in safe hands,” Astrid spoke for Jacob. “I guess we had better get you a weapon, you know just in case we do meet some unsavoury people.”
“I thought this place was deserted?” Jacob asked.
“It is, however there are a few stragglers dotted about the place, most are scavengers but some can be a bit aggressive from time to time.  You shouldn’t need to use it but it’s a nice precaution.”
Astrid walked to the other side of the church.  There was an antique wooden cupboard with the cross carved into it behind the pews.  Astrid opened it and there were other rifles lined up inside.  She picked up a rifle, gas mask and walked back to the group.
“In case you hadn’t figured it out yet, put the mask on if a storm approaches,” Astrid threw the mask to Jacob.  “Have you used one of these before,” she then handed him the rifle.
“I’ve had a go once or twice,” Jacob strapped the mask to the rifle and placed it over his shoulder.
“We had better go,” Tomkin led the way and opened the heavy timber doors.
The doors opened and the bright morning sunlight lit up the doorway.  Jacob followed and stood on the threshold to figure out where he was.  He could see the park he had walked through not too far down the street.  The church stood atop a flight of stairs that lead out onto the street.  The structure of the church was very much different to that of the surrounding buildings.  The walls were made from heavy stone bricks that looked hundreds of years old.  The exterior of the church was intact apart from a tall tower at the front of the church that rose into the sky.  The top of the tower had been ripped away from the church.  At the bottom of the steps Jacob saw the remains of the tower in a cluster of rubble.  The church was located at the top of Main Street, which had been cleared over the last few weeks.  Large clumps of concrete and bent steel lined up either side of the street.
“Gunnar, Ivar you take the right side of Main Street.  Astrid and I will take the little celebrity down the left.  If you find anything of concern call it out,” Tomkin ordered.
“Yes Commander,” Gunnar joked and walked away with Ivar.
“Is he always this happy?” Jacob asked.
“He has his moments,” Astrid laughed. “Now Jacob when we walk through the buildings all we are inspecting is the structure, you need to make sure the steel is secure and not in any way a risk to collapsing if it is call it out.”
“Why is the lower half to all the buildings in ruins and yet the top half are all intact?” Jacob asked as they made their way into the first building.
“Most of the battles that took place here were on the other side of the city, on this side there wasn’t much of a battle, more of an incineration.  They had managed to control the explosion’s altitude and condense the blast.  Doing this the fallout cremated anyone who stood in the way,” Astrid stepped over the broken outer wall and into the main hall of the building.
“How many people did you lose?”
“How many did we lose?  We lost none. It happened years before we were even here, survivors that were rescued have spoken of the horrors they saw as the explosion simply vaporised their comrades.”
“Oh,” Jacob was left speechless.
“Right the three of us split up so we can cover more ground,” Astrid walked through the middle, Tomkin walked down the far side and Jacob was left to walk near Main Street. 
The first building Jacob walked through was an old apartment block.  There were lavish remains of charred furniture and belongings.  There was not floor above, it had fallen away and Jacob could see at least four floors above.  He came to the first steel support structure, not exactly sure what was needed he looked around the support for any cracks in the beams.  Apart from the burnt paint the steel beam was fine.  He moved on and continued along.  Most of the walls had collapsed so Jacob did not have to spend much of his energy climbing over jagged concrete.
Jacob had inspected ten more beams and had found nothing wrong with any of them.  No one else had called out so it was all looking good.  Jacob found a room that had been left untouched by the inferno.  The walls were still standing.  He walked through the door and into the room.  It appeared to be the room that once belonged to a little girl.  The faded pink wallpaper had pealed and flaked from the wall.  The doors had fallen off the wardrobe where clean dresses hung.  The bed had been made with a pink princess quilt.  There was no glass in the window above a chipped white wooden dresser.  Jacob walked up to the dresser and picked up the framed picture.  He smiled at what he saw.  A little girl was sat on a park bench with a small dog on her lap.  It was pleasant to see some harmony.
“Jacob, everything ok?” Astrid called out.
“Yes everything’s fine,” Jacob yelled back. He placed the picture back and continued his inspections.  
The buildings altered from apartments to offices, although there was not much difference between each.  The walls had crumbled in each and any furniture that was left was charred.  The wind picked up and echoed through the hollow floors.  Grains of concrete were blown across the upper floors and fell to the ground.  Jacob covered his mouth so not to inhale the dust.  Six floors above Jacob once of the legs on a steel cabinet bent as it was knocked by a piece of blown concrete.  The cabinet leaned forward and the draw fell open.  The weight pulled the cabinet down and it collapsed on the floor.  Jacob heard the thud above and looked up.  All he saw were a few pieces of paper float down.  The concrete weakened and the cabinet slid across the floor and toward the hole above Jacob’s head.  He saw the top of the cabinet appear.  At first Jacob did not react there was no sign of it moving anymore.
“Jacob, what was that?” Astrid called out.
“Just the wind, nothing to worry about,” Jacob ignored the cabinet and carried on.  Just as he did the floor above weakened and cracked.  The cabinet slid further and fell over the edge.  As it fell it hit the other floors bringing down more debris with it.  Jacob heard the falling cabinet and jumped from where he was standing.  He looked around and luckily the cabinet and debris had landed away from him.
Astrid ran over to Jacob. “I thought you said it was just the wind.”
“It was, how was I supposed to know that was about to fall,” Jacob snapped.
“Next time just be careful and look out for anything that seems dangerous,” Astrid helped Jacob to his feet.
“Looks dangerous, well in case you couldn’t tell this whole place looks dangerous,” Jacob laughed.
The walls started to tremble, dust shook from the ceilings.  The steel frames groaned with the vibrations.  There was a deafening boom from an engine above the city.  Astrid pushed past Jacob and climbed over the debris out onto the street.  Jacob watched as she looked into the sky.
“What are you looking for?” Jacob asked.
Astrid did not reply but turned around in circles with her head looking up.  She grabbed the radio from her waist. “Caster come in.”
“I read you Astrid,” Caster replied.
“Are we expecting our pickup today?”
“Negative, they are not due to land until tomorrow.  Are you able to confirm what that sound was from?”
Astrid walked further down the empty street. “Not yet, looks like it left a trail in the sky though.  Can the girls see anything from the surveillance cameras?”
“They are checking, but keep looking.”
“Hey guys you see anything?” Astrid called out to Ivar and Gunnar.
Ivar and Gunnar walked out onto the street. “Gunnar was hit on the head by some debris after that blast, but we didn’t see anything.”
The echo of the engine reappeared.  It was far away but enough to make the dust tremble on the ground.  Astrid held her hand out to keep everyone quiet so they could listen out to where the sound was coming from.
“There!” Ivar shouted.
They all turned facing the top of the street.  A craft appeared over the horizon, it appeared larger the closer it got.
“You see that?” Caster radioed in.
“Yes Commander, looks like it’s an enemy dropship,” Astrid replied.
“Get yourselves back here now.  We are going into lock down.”
“Is he crazy? They know we’re here,” Gunnar snapped.
“Gunnar’s right, if we all hide away, they will find us and bomb the shit out of us,” Ivar agreed.
“I don’t care, you heard Caster, get your arse back to the base now and you can have it out with him there.”
By now the dropship was in full view.  It was similar in detail to the ones Jacob had seen near Noriea, but this one was nearly the size of the church.  Four thrusters either side of it rotated to face the ground to help it slow down and gradually descend.  It was headed for the park.  Dust swirled underneath the thrusters and made it difficult to see.  The dropship was not far from landing in the park.  The five of them had ran back to the church.  Ivar stood at the bottom of the steps and watched the dropship.  The rear began to lower and he caught a quick glimpse inside before it disappeared behind the buildings.
“They have a Mech!” Ivar shouted.
“Get your ass in here now!” Caster ordered.
Ivar grunted and sulked up the steps.  He stormed past Caster who closed the doors behind him.  At this point everyone else had come up to the surface and were waiting in the church.
“This is bullshit!” Ivar took off his rifle and threw his mask across the room.  “I saw a bloody Mech on that dropship, it will rip through here like paper.”
“Calm down!” Caster grabbed Ivar.
“What’s a Mech?” Jacob whispered to Astrid.
“They’re mean sons of bitches, about fifteen feet tall and piloted by two people.  You could say they’re like giant robots, if that thing gets anywhere near this church then the walls will be blown away within seconds,” Astrid answered back.
“Commander he is correct, they have one Mech and about two hundred men.  We have just seen the lander unload,” Kirsten shouted from the altar.  “At this time they will not know our location, we can either hide below or we can fight.”
“I say we fight!” Ivar roared.  Some of the men roared with him.
“Everyone please be quiet, you carry on like that and they will soon be upon us.  I have always commanded how I see best for our unit, but I sense you do not all agree with me.”
“Commander we will follow whatever order you give,” Tomkin spoke.
“You yellow bastard,” Ivar mocked Tomkin.
Tomkin pushed Ivar. “You want to repeat yourself?”
“You heard me,” Ivar starred back.
“Hey, the last thing we need right now is you two idiots kicking off,” Caster held Ivar back.  “Look, I will leave the decision to you, those who wish to fight stay here, and those who don’t descend below.”
The men and women were silent.  No one wanted to make the first move, they may have not wanted to fight, but to appear yellow as Ivar had put it was worse.
“Looks like we’re fighting,” Ivar grinned.
“Yes it does,” Caster released Ivar.  “If we are going to do this then I want some of you to go below and grab every weapon you can carry.”
“Jacob!” A voice shouted outside.
“Quiet!” Caster ordered.
One of the men looked from a small window near the door to the church. “Commander I can only see one man outside.  There’s no one else.”
“Where’s your Mech?” Astrid smirked at Ivar.
“Shut up!” Caster muttered.
“Jacob its Cap, I’m just here to talk,” he shouted again.
“Who’s Cap?” Astrid asked Jacob.
“He was the captain of the fishing boat from my village,” Jacob replied.
“Why would he be here?” Caster pushed the man from the window and looked outside.  “Jacob I think Cap has being lying to you because that man out there is no fishing boat captain, that’s Atreus,” Caster turned back to everyone with a stunned look on his face.
Astrid approached Caster. “When you say Atreus you don’t mean…?”
“Yep, stood outside is the old great Lord Commander of the Guardians of the Ark.”
“I thought he had defected years ago? Why would he be with them now?” Astrid asked.
“I don’t know, Jacob did he ever mention anything to you.”
“This is news to me, he was never the most open person to talk to, and I had always though he wanted to escape his past.  Now I know why.”
“We can use this,” Caster grabbed Jacob by the shoulders. “I want you to head outside and talk to him.”
“Are you crazy?” Jacob nervously replied.
“It gives us a diversion, we can slip out the rear and circle our forces around the church.  If they do indeed have a Mech they will bring it down Main Street.  Astrid, I want you to lead the men through the tunnel system under Main Street and lace it with explosives, when the Mech approaches we hit the trigger and bring down the entire street.”
“What are you waiting for, you heard the commander!” Astrid ordered.
The church was filled with the buzz of men and women scurrying around.  They were arming themselves, putting on armour and making sure they were ready to attack.  All of them had combat experience, but none had faced battle with a Mech.  Everyone had heard the stories of Mech’s wiping out whole companies of soldiers. 
“Caster I can’t go out there. You say how valuable I am but then you’re prepared to put me at risk like that,” Jacob hesitated.
“Jacob, do not worry. If Atreus is still the person I know him to be then you have nothing to worry about.  Yes it’s a trap, but we will not let anything happen to you.  By the time you walk down the steps our men would have surrounded you,” Caster walked Jacob to the door.
“You know we’re screwed if this back fires don’t you?” Jacob smirked.
“They you had better not screw up,” Caster opened the door and pushed Jacob outside.
The church doors locked behind him and Jacob’s hand trembled with fear.  Atreus was stood a few metres from the steps waiting.  Despite it not being anywhere near as cold as it was in the north Atreus was still dressed like he was stood in the middle of the village square.  His grey beard had been left untrimmed and his unclean hair had fallen to his shoulders.  The closer Jacob walked it became more apparent that Atreus was not there by choice.  His right eye was black and the other side of his face was cut.  The palm of his hands were bandaged.
“Atreus,” Jacob spoke.
“I see you finally know who I am,” Atreus smiled.  “It’s good to see you have made it this far, and to think only a couple of weeks ago you were struggling to cut it on a fishing boat.”
Jacob stood a couple of feet from Atreus, he was still unsure as to whether to trust him fully.  “What are you doing here?” He asked.
“I am here to ask you to come with us peacefully,” Atreus replied.
“Why on earth would I want to do that?” Jacob laughed.
“When you left they took myself, Beth and Freyja.”
“And you let them,” Jacob pushed Atreus.
“Hey, don’t push me. They have men scattered around here, if you become aggressive they will shoot.  I didn’t have much choice, but I have been assured if you hand yourself over then they will release Beth and Freyja.”
Whilst Jacob talked to Atreus, Astrid led eleven others through the tunnels below the street.  The tunnels ran directly underneath Main Street.  It was hot, humid, and dank.  They were old sewers.  Dried faeces and dead rodents littered the sides of the tunnel.  The light shone down through the drains at the side of the street and illuminated the graffiti.  Astrid crept along trying not make any sound.  At each drain she ordered a block of explosives to be attached.  Soon enough the tunnel was alight with flashing red lights.  The shadows of the soldiers above were visible through the light in the drains.  They were preparing to make their move, but there was still no sight or sound of the Mech.
“I want half of you to follow me up this service entrance, there is a staircase outside and we can camp a few floors up.  That way we will have advantage over them.  The rest of you continue up the tunnel and plant the rest of the explosives.  There is another service entrance fifty metres up where you can walk out.”
The men followed Astrid’s orders.  She walked through the service entrance and kept low.  It was inside one of the ruined buildings but was visible from the street.  Astrid glimpsed over the rubble and saw at least a hundred soldiers marching.  She signed to the others to follow.  They crouched in the stairwell and climbed to the intact fifth floor of the building.  The office was untouched.  Dead potted plants were at every corner.  Dust covered the glass cubicles.
“Two to a room and wait for the signal, when you hear it let’s bring down the rain.” Astrid entered the nearest cubical and kept herself just out of view from the soldiers below.  The soldiers were clothed in white combat armour.  They wore matching heavy white boots and their faces were covered with similar gas masks to Astrid’s.  Their weapons, in stark contrast, looked a lot more powerful.
On the opposite side of the street, Tomkin, Ivar and Gunnar led more of the men.  They scattered themselves through the rubble on the ground floor.  Gunnar sat down against a wall and made sure his heavy machine gun was ready.  He had started to sweat after carrying the hefty weapon and all the ammo that came with it.  To cool off he removed his coat, the adrenaline pumped through his muscles and his t-shirt tightened.
“They’re not exactly keeping themselves out of view,” Jacob saw the soldiers marching down Main Street.
“You have about two minutes to make your decision before they make it for you.” Atreus declared.
“I’m sorry Atreus I can’t, there’s no way they will be released especially Beth, she knows too much,” Jacob stepped back from Atreus.
Atreus sighed. “Jacob please don’t do this,” he grabbed Jacob’s arm.
“Let go.” 
“If you run they will shoot you,” Atreus glared.
“Give me a diversion and I will make it, trust me.  There are men and women surrounding your soldiers ready to fire at any moment.”
“They’re not my soldiers,” Atreus snapped.
“Then help me,” Jacob released his arm.
“Okay Jacob,” Atreus paused for a moment, “push me away and run to the church.”
“What about you?”
“Never mind about me, I can handle myself.  Now go.”
“Open the door,” Jacob shouted.  He saw the soldiers halt and confer with each other.  Jacob smiled at Atreus and pushed him in the chest.  Without hesitating he turned around and leaped two steps at a time up the church steps.  The soldiers didn’t initially know how to react.  Jacob was nearly at the door until they did react.
“Fire!” Jacob heard one of them shout.  
At that point Jacob had all but made it to the doorway.  Caster held the door open and grabbed Jacob.  He threw Jacob inside and across the floor.  Just as he closed the door a plague of bullets pierced the walls of the church.  The windows at the front shattered and the stone bricks were chipped away.  Bullet holes appeared through the door and shrapnel bounced around the room.
“Get down!” Caster shouted.
Those that were left in the church dived to the floor.  Jacob curled up to protect himself.  The gunfire stopped.  Jacob opened his eyes and thankfully no one had been caught by the gunfire.  The soldiers descended on the church.
“Ivar do you have the detonator?” Astrid quietly spoke into her radio.
“Affirmative,” Ivar replied.
“Well, what are you waiting for?” Astrid aggressively whispered.
Ivar grabbed the small detonator from his pocket and lifted the cover on the plastic casing.  He went to press the button but it slipped through his fingers.  It hit off the concrete floor and slid along the floor underneath a pile of rubble.  Ivar panicked and fell to the floor, he reached underneath the rubble to get the detonator, he could touch it with his fingertips but it was just out of reach.
“Ivar!” Astrid shouted.
Ivar reached back for the radio. “Hang on I’ve dropped it.”
“Ivar, we don’t have any time for you to be messing about.”
Ivar dropped the radio and continued to try and reach for the detonator.  He pulled back and took off his rifle and coat, he then tried again.
“Ivar!” Astrid repeated.
“What a muppet,” Tomkin murmured to himself, he sat up and looked over to where Ivar was.  He could see his body struggling.  Tomkin huffed and carefully crouched over.  “Ivar,” he called out, “what are you doing? Blow the dam street!”
“Hang on I’ve dropped the trigger,” Ivar looked back and repeated himself.
“Ivar!” Astrid shouted one last time.  “God damn it…” she held her fist to her head to think for a moment.  “Bring the rain!” she shouted to the others in the building.
One by one they smashed the windows with their gun.  The glass shattered into pieces onto the ground.  Each man and woman took aim, and together they all opened fire.  They rained bullets on the soldiers below.  The soldiers to the rear were caught by the oncoming bullets, some were fatally wounded.  Others lay injured calling out in pain.  The soldiers at the front quickly dispersed, they either ran forward towards the church, split left or filtered right.  Those that had turned left jumped over the rubble to escape.  Gunnar saw the soldiers enter the buildings, he smiled. Finally he had the chance to use his heavy machine gun.  He threw the belt of bullets over his shoulder and jumped to his feet.
“Good morning boys!” Gunnar shouted.  The soldiers did not get a chance to reach for their weapons.  Gunnar pressed the trigger and unleashed a hell fire of bullets on the soldiers. Ten bullets the size of a finger were fired every second.  The first soldier Gunnar caught screamed in terror as the bullets ripped his arm from his shoulder.  Gunnar moved across and the soldier’s torso was devastated by the firepower.  Within seconds his body lay in pieces on the floor.
The other soldiers panicked when they saw their compatriot ripped apart.  Some dived to the ground to hide from the swarm of bullets.  Most escaped, but one unlucky soul had his skull shattered by Gunnar.  His helmet could not stop the bullets from leaving the back of his skull.  Debris was thrown into the air by the stray bullets.  The street in front of Gunnar was barely visible, the dust provided the soldiers with a way to escape.  Gunnar caught sight of soldiers escaping through the cloud of dust.  He turned his body to face them and continued with his finger firmly on the trigger.  He maimed one in the back, the bullets ripping through his chest and into the back of the soldier in front.  Both fell to the ground.  Just as he was about to run out of bullets he caught the steel support.  The bullets bounced off the steel and fired in all directions.  Gunnar immediately stopped and ducked.
“Gunnar, watch where you shooting!” one of the other men shouted over to Gunnar.
Those soldiers that had escaped right of the street we now spread out in the ruined building below Astrid.  They spotted five of the Caster’s men and quickly disarmed them.  Three were immediately shot in the forehead, another was shot four times in the chest and the fifth dropped his gun and ran.  He managed to run about twenty metres before his was brought to a halt by a bullet in the back.
The dust from Gunnar’s formidable weapon had made it difficult for Astrid and the others to see from their elevated position.  Once the soldiers were out of view they all stopped shooting. 
“Ivar, have you got the detonator?” Astrid asked over her radio.
Ivar was still struggling but finally managed to reach the detonator with his fingertips.  He slowly pulled it to him.  “Got it,” Ivar radioed back.
“Then what are you waiting for!” Astrid screamed.
Ivar lifted the plastic cover and pressed the red button.  He looked up and everything seemed to slow down.  The first block of explosives at the bottom of the street exploded, this set off a chain reaction and each block set off one by one down the street.  This caused a domino effect as the tarmac crumbled and collapsed into the sewer.  Astrid and the others had to jump away from the windows as clumps of the street were thrown into the air.  The soldiers that remained on the street saw the road disappear into a vacuum of dust below them.  Their bodies were pounded and crushed by the rubble.  There was no way any soldier left on the street would survive the blast.  Once the sound of the explosion had finished the groans coming from the buildings could be heard.  The structures of some of the buildings were weakened by the blasts, including the one Astrid and her men were in.  The floor shuddered and rubble fell from the ceiling.
“Move, move, this building is going to come down!” Astrid called out.
Astrid and the men quickly ran to the staircase to escape the inevitable collapse.  However, they were unaware of the soldiers on the ground floor.  Astrid stood at the top of the stairs and made sure all her men had gone down before she left.  The man at the front reached the ground floor and ran out through the debris.  One of the soldiers spotted him, he took aim and shot him through the skull.  The man dropped to the floor dead.
“Stop!” the man behind shouted to everyone.
“What’s going on?” Astrid asked.
“They have us surrounded,” he replied.
“Retreat to the second floor,” Astrid ordered.
Astrid led the troops upwards.  Most of the floor had fallen through, but had enough left to take cover.  She could hear the soldiers below shouting to each other to take position.
“I want each of you to crawl along the floor the best you can and try to avoid getting caught.  Then I want us all to take a grenade each and drop it.  Hopefully we should get a few of those bastards,” Astrid went first.  
Astrid crawled on her stomach across the rough filthy carpet.  The other four split up and took positions through the broken floor.  Astrid pulled out her grenade and held it out.  She counted down with her other hand in view of the others.  One of the men pulled the pin of his grenade but it slipped from his hand and rolled along the floor.  His eyes widened and he froze.
“Take cover!” Astrid shouted.
The grenade exploded.  The man who had dropped it caught the brunt of the explosion.  His face was scorched and was thrown through the broken window and down onto the collapsed street.  The soldiers on the ground floor ducked from the explosion, the blast was contained to the second floor.  One of the soldiers spotted Astrid.  She too saw him but managed to reach first, she pulled the pin on her grenade and threw it at the soldier.
“Grenade!” he shouted.
The grenade had landed between his legs.  It exploded and ripped his body apart.  The other soldiers began shooting upwards.  Astrid rolled away from the edge and just missed out on getting shot.
“Throw them!” Astrid ordered.
The other three removed their pins and threw their grenades.  The soldiers stopped firing and ran for cover.  The first two grenades exploded.  They didn’t get any of the soldiers but caused enough damage for the structure to lose even more support.  The building groaned again and violently vibrated.  The third grenade landed between two soldiers, they looked at each other with fear.  They knew they could not escape.  It exploded and threw both of them into the air.  The first landed painfully on to rubble with a metal rod pierced through his chest.  The second landed on the floor alive, he screamed out in pain when he saw his right hand had been blown away.
“What now?” one of the men asked Astrid.	
“We should be able to leap into the building next door.  If we’re quick enough they won’t spot us below.”  Astrid took another look, all the soldiers were recovering from the grenade blasts.  “Go,” Astrid quietly ordered.
There was a corridor they could walk down, but the floor had pieces missing.  They had to be quick otherwise the soldiers below would see them.  Astrid lead the way, she clung to the wall along the corridor.  There was only enough of the floor remaining for them to walk in single file.  Astrid reached the end of the corridor and safely jumped onto the unbroken floor at the end of the office.  Two others also followed suit.  The third’s foot slipped on the weakened ledge and loose grains of concrete fell.  This caught the soldier’s attention.
“There!” one of the soldiers shouted.
The man grabbed his rifle and fired at the soldiers he saw below.  Unfortunately they managed to escape the shower of bullets.  They took cover behind the broken walls of the ground floor offices.  A soldier out of view calmly took aim and shot the man three times in the chest.  He dropped his rifle and clutched his wounded chest as he slouched against the wall.  The energy was sucked from his body as he fell to his death.
Astrid showed no emotion.  At this point she was aware they were all within moments of death.  “We need to carry on.”  She walked to the end of the office and smashed the cracked window with her elbow.  There was another building five feet away.  The walls were destroyed so it would be an easy jump across.  “Jump over here and we will make our way back to Caster.”
Ivar and Tomkin lay temporarily unconscious after the blast.  Tomkin open his eyes and coughed repeatedly.  He was covered head to toe in dust.  “Ivar,” Tomkin grumbled.  He shook Ivar’s shoulder.  “Wake up Ivar,” he shook him again.  “Ivar, we need to move now.” He could hear the soldiers fast approaching their location.  
Tomkin grabbed Ivar and tried to pull him up. Ivar groaned, there was a heavy piece of rubble crushing his foot.  Tomkin stood up and first tried to lift the rubble off but it would not budge.  He grabbed his pistol from its holster and fired several rounds.  The bullets fractured the rubble and made it possible to move.  By now Ivar had awoken suddenly to the gunfire.
“Ahh!” Ivar screamed out in pain.  “You son of a bitch.”
“Stop your crying Ivar I didn’t get you.  Can you get to your feet?” Tomkin kicked away the remaining rubble.
Ivar used the strength in his arms to try and lift himself up.  He managed to put weight on his good foot but when he tried the other he dropped in pain.  “No I can’t, my foot is knackered.”
“Come on then,” Tomkin put Ivar’s arm over his shoulder and helped him walk through the maze of debris.
They could see the other men who were with them scattered about the ruined building.  Each dazzled and confused after the explosion.  Despite the amount of soldiers they managed to wipe out in the blast others were following from the rear of the building.  They would soon be surrounded.
“Everyone fall back!” Tomkin shouted.
“What the hell happened to you?” Gunnar popped up.
“This dipshit fell under some rubble.  Give me a hand, we can get out quicker then,” Tomkin replied.
Gunnar dropped his empty heavy machine gun and helped carry Ivar. “You stupid arsehole,” Gunnar laughed.
A group of the men were almost out of the ruined building when they were ambushed.  An injured soldier sat quietly against one of the steel supports.  As the men came across his line of sight he fired at them.   He emptied a clip of thirty bullets.  All of the men were fatally caught by the shots.
“Wait,” Tomkin stopped as he saw the others fall.  “We’re not going to get past there.”
“Well where else do you suppose we can go? The street has caved in and others are approaching from the rear,” Ivar moaned.
“Leave it to me I’ll sort this one out,” Gunnar had a mischievous smile on his face.  He released Ivar and hoped over the rubble.  The walls were less intact the closer he got to the stray soldier.  He quietly crawled along the walls and behind the room where the soldier lay. He grabbed a hunting knife from his belt and placed it between his teeth.  The gunfire from across the street allowed Gunnar to grab the top of the wall and pull himself up without being heard.  He peered over and saw the soldier crouched below.  He waited for another round of gun fire and jumped over the wall.  He took the soldier by surprise.  Gunnar kicked the gun from his hands and picked him up by the throat.  The soldier tried to squirm free but Gunnar head butted him.  The soldier’s noise split open.  Gunnar raised his arm and gutted the soldier with the blade repeatedly.  With each swipe of the knife more and more blood sprayed onto Gunnar.  The soldier choked on the blood flowing up from his stomach.  With one final swipe Gunnar sliced the soldier across the throat.  The blood that remained spewed onto the floor.  Gunnar dropped the body and walked back to Tomkin and Ivar.
“What the f...” Tomkin and Ivar were left speechless.
“It’s safe to pass,” Gunnar was drenched in the soldier’s blood.  Gunnar did not looked phased that he had just drained the blood from another man.
“You are one crazy bastard,” Tomkin smirked.
“Oh and I found this,” Gunnar showed them a rocket launcher that he had found next to the soldiers corpse.
“What are you going to do with that?” Tomkin asked.
“If we bring this place down it will bide us some time,” Gunnar grinned.
“After what you’ve just done I’m not going to argue.  I’ll take Ivar back, you do what you need to.” Tomkin left Gunnar and took Ivar back to safety.
Gunnar unlocked the control panel to the rocket launcher, he flicked the arm button and the rocket launcher extended.  A screen pulled out and turned on, Gunnar could use cross hairs on the screen to take aim.  He saw more soldiers moving through the building.  He had two options, he could either fire the only rocket he had at the soldiers and try and take out as many as he could, or fire at one of the steel supports to try and collapse the building.  
Gunnar knelt and rested the launcher on his shoulder.  He aimed at one of the supports in the middle of the building.  He locked on the target and pressed the trigger.  The rocket launched and flew toward the support.  It exploded and ripped the steel apart.  For a moment the building did not move.  Gunnar paused and waited.  After the plumes of smoke had evaporated the ceiling above began to shake.  Gunner dropped the empty launcher and ran toward the church.  The ceiling around the destroyed support caved in.  The floors above soon followed.  Gunnar could hear each floor above crash into the next as the building imploded.  The other steel supports soon lost their strength and gave way.  The building collapsed inwards, this aided Gunnar from not getting caught by any falling debris.  The soldiers that were at the far side of the street were now cut off.  They would have to find another way round.
Caster opened the door for Ivar, Tomkin and the running Gunnar.  “Nice work guys,” Caster helped Ivar to a pew to rest.
“Where’s Astrid?” Tomkin asked.
“She hasn’t returned yet.  Not many of you have, we must have lost over half our men and women out there,” Caster replied.
“Not Astrid she’ll still be fighting. Gunnar arm yourself we’re going back out there.”
“Tomkin, you don’t have much time, we need all the men we can get.  They will soon be back with reinforcements.”
“Commander we’ll be right back,” Tomkin ran outside and down the steps, Gunnar followed.
They approached the building on the left where Astrid would have been.  On the ground floor through the wrecked walls Tomkin could see at least five soldiers walking through.
“You reckon you can take two of them out and I take the other three?” Tomkin quietly spoke.
“Do you even need to ask?” Gunnar replied.
They both rested their rifles on the broken wall and aimed at the soldiers.
“On my mark,” Tomkin said.  “One….Two….”
Together they both fired, each only needing one bullet per soldier.  With no time to reach their guns all five soldiers were put to the ground.
“You spot anymore?” Tomkin stood up and looked around.
“Can’t see any,” Gunnar looked across the ruined building for any sign of Astrid.  “Hey, up there,” Gunnar pointed.
“That’s one of our guys,” Tomkin saw one of their men lying unconscious on the floor above.  Blood seeped from under his body across the concrete and onto the rubble below.  “We need to get up there.”
“You want to try those ladders?” Gunnar pointed out the fire escape ladders attached to the side of the buildings.
“Won’t hurt,” Tomkin hurried over to them.
They both threw their riffles over their shoulders and each climbed onto the ladder.  It creaked and rocked from side to side with their weight.  Gunnar jumped off and waited for Tomkin to climb up first as it would not hold the pair of them.  Tomkin reached the floor above, the wall had collapsed and the floor was damaged in parts.  He took a step forward and a bullet was fired at him.  He quickly ducked and took cover behind a wooden desk.
“Tomkin!” Gunnar shouted.
“Astrid its Tomkin, hold your fire,” he dropped his rifle and raised his hands.  Another bullet was fired.  “Astrid what the hell!”  
Tomkin pulled down his arms and rolled onto his front.  There was a broken piece of mirror on the floor.  Tomkin picked it up and held it out from the desk.  He moved the mirror around to get a better view of his surroundings.  Huddled underneath fallen cabinets he saw a bloodied Astrid.  Astrid looked up and saw the mirror, she signalled to Tomkin where the soldier was positioned.  He followed where she was pointing and saw the lone soldier lent over rubble aiming his rifle.  More bullets were sprayed at Tomkin. He dropped the mirror and looked around for anywhere else safe to move.  The wooden desk would not hold up much longer.  He crawled along the floor to the edge of the building.
“I’ve spotted her, she’s being held down by one guy,” Tomkin whispered to Gunnar.  “What you got on you?”
Gunnar pulled out a grenade. “I got this.”
“Good, if you walk fifteen paces in front and then ten to your right.  The floor is broken enough for you to throw it up and blow the bastard apart.”
“Got it,” Gunnar walked further into the building and took fifteen steps forward and another ten right as suggested.  Just as Tomkin had said he could see various openings in the ceiling.  The solider on the floor above continued to fire at Tomkin.
“Gunnar!” Tomkin screamed desperately.
Gunnar waited for the firing to stop so he could pin down exactly where it was coming from.  The echoing of the bullets ceased through a gap in the ceiling two steps from where he was standing.  Gunnar pulled the pin and carefully threw the grenade.  He did not wait around and quickly ran for cover.  The soldier instantly panicked, he tried to escape but was caught by the explosion.  The floor collapsed and took the soldier with it.  His body was crushed by the falling debris.
Tomkin stepped out from the desk and ran over to where Astrid was trapped.   Tomkin lifted the cabinets carefully so not to let anything drop on her.  He pushed it to the floor where it shattered.  Astrid groaned and attempted to climb to her feet.
“Here let me help you,” Tomkin grabbed Astrid and slowly helped her up.  “Where are the others?” he asked.
“Gone,” she coughed. “We we’re ambushed.” She coughed again.
“Come on let’s get you out of here, reinforcements are going to be here any moment.” Tomkin carried her over to the ladders.  “You think you can make it?”
“It’s only a graze Tomkin I can manage you dork,” Astrid grunted.
“Very well,” Tomkin pulled his arms back.
They climbed down from the building to Gunnar.  All three felt a sudden shake in the ground.  The buildings rattled, loose concrete fell and glass shattered around them.  The vibration repeated every few seconds.  They heard shouting come all around.
“That sound like the Mech?” Astrid nervously smiled.
“I don’t exactly want to stay to find out, let’s back to the others.”  Tomkin led the way back to the church and they rushed inside.
It was almost empty, most had evacuated the surface into the harmony of the tunnels.  Caster, Ivar and Jacob were the only ones who remained above ground.
“This is it then,” Ivar said.
“We need to start thinking about how we’re going to get everyone out of here, they’re surrounding us!” Gunnar angrily shouted.
“Where exactly do you expect us to go? If they are surrounding us then we’re fu…”
“Ivar!” Caster interrupted.  “Look we can take the rest of the soldiers it’s that Mech we’re going to struggle with.”
“What about the EMP?” Tomkin asked.
“What about it?” Caster replied.
“Why don’t we just use that?  It will fry the Mech’s power supply.”
“It’s not strong enough, with something that huge, simply switching the EMP on here would make no damage.  We need the blast to be within a metre or so of the Mech.  Now unless we can take out all the soldiers before the Mech rains its firepower on us then we’ve not got a hope in hell.”
“Commander, give it to me and I will make sure I bring that son of a bitch down,” Tomkin demanded.  “I know this city better than anyone else, I can easily creep up on it.  You just need to allow me enough time to reach it.”
“I’m not going to argue, if that’s what you want to do then carry on.” Caster opened his arms and let Tomkin rush past to get the EMP from below.  “You need to be quick though,” he called out.
Jacob sat quietly on a pew behind the others collecting his thoughts.  He had not slept for over a day and was in need of rest.  He nervously shook his legs and held his hands against his mouth.
“Hey, have any of you seen Atreus?” Jacob stood up.
“You know what I don’t think any of us have.  Not since you spoke to him,” Caster replied.
“He must have gone back to them, the traitor’s turned his back on us,” Gunnar growled.
“Only time will tell,” Caster said.
An out of breath Tomkin quickly returned from below with a metal case.  He rested it on a pew and took two deep breaths. “Got it.”
“Do you know how to use it?” Caster asked.
“I flick the switch,” Tomkin laughed.
“Yeah not much to it other than that.  Just remember you need to be at least a metre near the Mech for it to work,” Caster rested his hand on Tomkin’s shoulder.  “Good luck out there.”
“Sorry can I just interrupt… What’s an EMP?” Jacob asked.
“Electromagnetic pulse.  We switch this on and it will send out a charge disabling anything electric nearby,” Caster replied.
“So why not just switch it on now?”
“Whilst that would be ideal, the Mech is a giant mechanical weapon using vast amounts of power.  The blast our bomb generates is not powerful enough to make an impact.  It needs to be triggered directly next to its power supply.  The hope is that it will fry the circuits and cause the Mech to power down.  Before the backup supply kicks in we should have enough time to get rid of the pilots or failing that blow it up with an explosive.”
“Yeah so don’t take your time Tomkin,” Astrid smiled.
Tomkin picked up the metal case and walked to the door. “Wish me luck,” he closed it behind him and made his way into the rubble.
“Astrid get the last of our best men and station them around this place, we need to hold them off for as long as possible.  As for the rest we keep them below, including you Jacob.”






CHAPTER TWELVE


Tomkin had fled from the church toward the park.  He climbed through the ruins and kept hidden from view.  At this point more soldiers were closing in on the church.  They marched in full view aware that everyone had retreated inside.  The vibrations from the Mech became more intense the closer that Tomkin got.  He could see the gates of the park and the shadow of the drop ship through the fog that had settled.  
The Mech had made its way onto the street, this was Tomkin’s first full view of the machine.  It was taller than he had expected.  It stood up at least twenty five metres.  The body of the Mech was help up by two large mechanical steel legs with carbon plates.  Pistons pumped back and forth to help move the giant feet.  Between the legs at the bottom of the body lay attached a purple glass pod, inside Tomkin could see the pilot steering the Mech with two joy sticks.  Either side of the body where two enormous arms, they too were helped by mechanical pistons.  Three large fingers were attached to the hand, allowing it to move any obstacle that stood in its way.  On each wrist of the Mech were an array of weapons.  Placed on its right were small but effective guns and on the left wrist a weapon that Tomkin had feared.  A colossal Railgun was attached to the inside of its wrist.  The carbon coated gun stretched out to ten feet.  A steel cable was attached from the end of the gun to its shoulder to help the Mech maintain its balance.  At the bottom of the Railgun Tomkin saw a generator, the Mech would use this to fire immense bursts of energy at its enemies.  At the top of the Mech sat another pale blue glass pod, inside was another soldier who controlled the weapons.  Either side of this pod two rocket launchers were attached, both loaded and ready to fire.  Tomkin had to stop this otherwise they would all surely be wiped away.
Tomkin heard gunfire erupt from the church.  The soldiers had arrived in front of it and those inside had started their fight back.  Soldiers broke formation and scattered around the building.  Tomkin took cover to avoid being spotted.  Although he was hidden within the rubble he could not afford to be caught.  The Mech continued to approach.  It was around the corner from the church so Tomkin still had time before it had the building in its sights.  He climbed to his feet and jumped over broken walls to get closer.  There were several soldiers walking near the Mech.
“We got one!” One of the soldiers spotted Tomkin.
“Shit,” Tomkin quickly ran for cover.  The soldiers saw him and opened fire.  Tomkin ran through a hell fire of bullets.  He was littered with shrapnel but luckily nothing ripped through his skin.  He crashed into a wall and lay hidden.  He could hear the soldiers searching for him.  Tomkin placed the case on the floor and loaded his gun.  With a quick breath he stood up, took one moment to pick his target and shot two soldiers in quick succession.  Once he had released the trigger he ducked back down as the others returned fire.  There were only two other soldiers.  He waited for the gun fire to stop and shot the other two with perfect precision.  
The Mech had almost reached the corner of the street.  Tomkin picked up the case and ran toward it.  The ceiling in the building above him creaked as it was weakened from the heavy footsteps of the Mech.  Tomkin was caught by a piece of falling debris and was knocked to the ground.  For a moment he was dazed and lay motionless surrounded by the loud echoes of gunfire.
At this point the Mech turned and finally had the church in its sights.  It raised its right arm and fired its guns at the church.  The soldiers nearby ducked to avoid being shot.  The bullets shattered the glass windows and chipped away at the bricks.  The men and women inside the church attempted to return fire but they barely made a dent to the monstrous machine. The Mech followed the gun fire with two rockets.  Their impact blew bricks from walls, but were not enough to expose the people inside.  The old, solid structure of the church was standing tall despite the damage it had taken.  
Tomkin opened his eyes and he wiped away the blood that trickled down his face.  He could see the Mech directly in front of him.  It had come to a halt and lowered its legs.  Two steel pins moved from out each foot, and anchored into the ground.  The generator began to glow a deep purple.  There was an unsettling hum that rumbled through the floor.  The Mech was getting ready to fire the Railgun.  Soldiers swiftly partied the street to avoid the onslaught.  The machine’s arm reached out with the Railgun extended.  The generator glowed brighter.  Tiny bits of rubble rose above the ground with the power being given off and the buildings shook violently.  Tomkin was too late, the glow from the generator flowed through the arm of the Railgun.  A bolt of light enlarged at the end of the gun.  Tomkin turned away as the light had become too intense to look at.  
The Mech fired the powerful energy beam at the church.  As the energy blasted across the street it ripped up the tarmac below it.  One unfortunate soldier was too slow, the energy passed through him and pulled his body apart.  The beam hit the church with such force, a shockwave knocked over several soldiers camped around it.  The walls at the front of the church exploded.  Bricks and mortar were launched into the air.  Those who were held up nearby were disintegrated in the blast.  Tomkin could not see which of fellow comrades were caught.
The anchors rose from the Mech’s feet and it began to walk forward.  It unleashed a volley of machine gunfire and rockets at the remains of the church.  Tomkin had to act quickly.  A fountain of water erupted from inside the church and into the sky.  A water mains had been ruptured in the explosion.  The soldiers remained huddled around the church allowing the Mech to get closer.  Tomkin unzipped his jacket and placed the metal case inside.  He moved forward and stalked the Mech using the size of the monster to hide within its shadows.  The church was shrouded in a cloud of dust as the remaining structure was hammered by the Mech’s formidable weapons.  
Tomkin’s ears were battered by the sheer volume of the firepower.  He was now within a couple of metres of the Mech.  Tomkin pulled out the metal case and opened it.  When the switch was pulled he would only have a few seconds to move, once the Mech was disabled his position would be given away. Underneath the machine he saw a rail he could hold on to.  His body swung from side to side with each footstep of the Mech.  Tomkin composed himself and jammed the case between the rail and the mech.  It was firm and secure, he just needed to pull the switch and jump down. 
A soldier stood to the side caught a glimpse of Tomkin hanging from the underbelly of the Mech.  He aimed his rifle and fired.  Tomkin was shot in the back, the bullet left through his lung.  He gasped for breath as he lost his grip.  He dangled with one hand on the rail and blood trickling from his chest.  The soldier fired again but missed.  Tomkin cried out in pain as he tried to lift his other arm.  The Mech ceased fire and came to a sudden halt, which threw Tomkin to the ground.  The anchors firmly gripped the ground and the generator warmed up.  Tomkin lay face down coughing up blood.  He lifted his head and saw the dust settle around the church, Caster, Gunnar, Ivar and Astrid were all standing out in the open engaged in gunfire with the surrounding soldiers.
Tomkin knew he could either die with his face in the dirt or die bringing down the monstrous Mech.  With his last breath of energy he lifted his body and stumbled to his feet.  The Mech lowered itself into position and Tomkin found that he could reach the switch.  The soldier who had shot him fired several more rounds.  These tore through Tomkin as he held onto the rail.  Blood drained from his body, but he glared at the soldier and smiled.   He pulled the switch and tumbled to the floor.  As he lay on his back he watched the EMP light up.  A bright pulse of light scolded his face and a boom sent a shockwave through the street.  Sparks flew from the circuits in the Mech.  The EMP worked better than they had thought it would.  The generator was almost charged when the EMP caused it to overload.  The weapons pilot panicked as he tried to power down the systems, but the control panel exploded in his face.  The generator erupted into an energy ball with great destructive force.  The Mech ripped to pieces.  Nearby soldiers vaporised from the eruption.  The pulse ripped through the ground floor of the nearest building.  The supports were shattered and the building crumbled floor by floor.
Caster, Gunnar, Ivar and Astrid were all that remained on the ground in the church. The others had either perished at the hands of the Mech or were hiding safely below.  All four were soaked through from the downpour of water shooting out from the ground.
“Gunnar get to the others, the Mech is down,” Caster ordered.  He crouched down and reloaded his gun.  Despite the destruction of the Mech there were still hordes of soldiers closing in on them.
Gunnar ran over to the opening but it had been covered with rubble.  “Commander, the entrance below is blocked.”
“What do you mean it’s blocked?” Caster shouted across.
“When the Mech took out half the church it must have caved in the entrance, we need to halt that water otherwise those below are going to drown.”
“Get rid of these bastards first and then we can halt the water.”
Gunnar ran back to the others and slid across the floor.  He lay on his front in a puddle of water and opened fire.  The soldiers were getting closer.  A couple reached the steps below but Gunnar brought them to their knees.  Despite his injury Ivar was still able to hold his own.  He stood up from behind a shattered wall and fired into a group of soldiers.  The bullets shredded through the group and left none standing.  Ivar dropped his empty magazine and reloaded.  This allowed enough time for one soldier to react.  He shot Ivar in the chest with several bullets.  Caster saw a wounded Ivar fall and shot the perpetrator.
“Ivar!” Caster shouted.
“Oh shit,” Ivar struggled to breath.
“You dumb ass,” Caster worryingly smiled as he knelt down beside his comrade.
“Don’t worry about me boss, kill those bastards,” Ivar chocked on his own blood and took his final breath.
“Caster, watch out!” Astrid shouted.
A soldier had managed to creep up to the church, but Caster reacted quickly.  He grabbed the soldier and threw him over the wall.  Enraged he forced his knee into the man’s throat and with the handle of his rifle he repeatedly beat it into the man’s face.  After several blows his skull fractured and blood sprayed over Caster.
“Caster, we’re severely outnumbered!” Gunnar yelled.
“What do you suppose I do, we have nowhere to go!” Caster angrily bit back.  “Just keep firing your god damn weapon.”
“I’m almost out of ammo,” Astrid said.
“Me too,” Gunnar replied.
With only the three of them to hold off the onslaught, the soldiers were getting closer and closer.  They spread out across the steps before the church.  Astrid, Gunnar, and Caster crouched down to reload with their last magazines.
“Guess we had better make these count,” Caster smiled.
All three stood up but before they opened fire, a soldier was suddenly shot through the head.  Another three were quickly taken down, but neither Caster, Gunnar nor Astrid had fired a single shot.  The soldiers were flustered, they all looked around to see where the gunfire was coming from.
“Up there,” Gunnar pointed to a figure at the top of a building opposite.
A red dot moved from soldier to soldier and shot each one in the head.
“Don’t waste this opportunity,” Caster opened fire and all three of them took out the remaining soldiers.
The figure stood up and walked away.
“Who the hell was that?” Astrid asked.
“Atreus,” Caster replied.  “I think we know who he’s fighting for.”






CHAPTER THIRTEEN


Jacob had taken shelter under the church whilst the battle erupted above.  He was sat on the couch he had first rested on when he was brought to the tunnels.  The lights flickered and the ceiling crumbled with every impact on the church above.  Most of the men and women down there were on the floors below packing up anything they could, ready to evacuate.  Parmjit and Kirsten were both in the room with Jacob.
“Why aren’t you two packing like the others?” Jacob asked.
“What’s the point, we either destroy the enemy and then we can pack or they kill us and packing would have been a waste,” Kirsten paced back and forth.
“I guess so,” Jacob agreed.
The church was impacted by the Mech’s Railgun.  Kirsten was thrown to the ground with the force of the blast.  A large cracked spread across the ceiling and a loud violent crash was heard along with the screams of those below.  Jacob ran to the staircase and saw that the floors below had caved in.  The opening was blocked with rubble and the metal stairs had been ripped from the walls, they now hung from a single rail.
Water started to pour through the rubble above.  At first it fell into the drop below, however, if they did not get out soon the water would quickly reach them.
“We need to get out of here!” Jacob shouted.
“Where are the others?” Kirsten said as she wiped a graze on her knee.
“I’m sorry but the floors below have just caved in,” Jacob walked back into the room.
Kirsten did not reply, she held her knees and cried.  
 “Hey, don’t worry we’re going to get out of here,” Parmjit sat crouched down and comforted her.
With every missile impact that followed the ceiling became more unstable.  There was a gas pipe that ran across the top of the far side wall.  It weakened with every blast.
“We need to get as near to the exit as possible.” Jacob pulled both women up from the floor.
“This place has a sprinkler system so if the gas pipe ruptures we will be fine,” Parmjit walked over to the doorway with Jacob.
“That doesn’t matter, we still don’t want to be next to in case it does catch fire,” Jacob replied.
Kirsten now sat clinging to the doorframe, Jacob rested behind her.  Parmjit was searching her neck and pockets.
“What are you looking for?” Jacob asked.
“My mother’s necklace I had it a moment ago, I can’t leave without it.”  Unable to find it in her pockets she scanned the room.  “There,” she saw it near a chair on the far side of the room.
“Leave it, the pipe is going to rupture any minute,” Jacob grabbed her arm.
Parmjit pulled away and ran over to the necklace.  She crouched down and picked it up.  Another violent explosion sent her to the floor and she fell against the far-side wall.  The pipe above her head cracked open and sent out a slew of gas.  She looked over to Jacob with fear.
“Parmjit, slowly crawl over to me,” Jacob held his arm out.
She nervously crawled across the floor but one of the metal bangles around her wrist scratched the floor.  It created the tiniest of sparks but it was enough to ignite the gas.  A scorching ball of fire engulfed her causing her to roll around in agony.  Jacob ducked and sheltered his body over Kirsten’s as the fire escaped the room.  The sprinklers kicked in and quickly extinguished the flames.  The lights went out and were replaced by a pulsing red glow.  Jacob shielded Kirsten’s eyes from the charred remains of Parmjit.  Now the sprinklers were adding to the water already flowing they would run out of time even quicker.
“Help!” Jacob screamed.
“No one can hear you,” Kirsten cried.
“The gunfire is calming down, either it will be Caster and the others pulling away that rubble or we’re screwed.”
They waited another fifteen minutes.  The water had already started to rise around their ankles.  The staircase weakened further and gave way.  It crashed into the water and sank into the abyss below.  The rocks above started to move.  Some were pulled away others were knocked into the water filling up in the now stairless staircase.  
“Get back,” Jacob pushed Kirsten.
“Hello!” Caster shouted down.
“Down here,” Jacob peered out his head.
“Jacob, who else is with you?” Casted asked.
“Just me and Kirsten everyone else is gone.  You need to get us out of here quick.  The place is filling up with water!” Jacob yelled up.
“Hang on,” Caster disappeared from sight.
“Come on, get up we’re getting out of here,” Jacob lifted Kirsten to her feet.
“Grab on to this,” Caster threw a rope down.
Jacob let go of Kirsten and reached out to the rope.  He wrapped it around Kirsten’s waist.
“What are you doing?” she asked.
“You’re going first.”  Before Jacob could tighten the rope there was an aggressive murmur of bubbles.  The water rushed from around their feet and was accompanied by a deafening grumble.  The floor at the bottom of the staircase had collapsed into a bottomless cavern.  The force of the water gushing away pulled Kirsten from the rope, she slipped to the floor and was thrown over the edge.  Jacob tried to grab her hand but it was too late, she fell screaming into the unreachable cavern.
“Kirsten!” Caster screamed as he saw Kirsten fall to her fatal demise.
Jacob lay on the wet floor with his arms reached out over the edge.  His head bent down in disbelief, as her scream faded away. He had failed to save her life.  “Damn it!” he cried out.
“Jacob, grab the rope,” Caster called down.
He ignored Caster’s request and continued to stare down into the abyss. Within moments two women had died and there was nothing Jacob could have done to save them.
“Jacob!” Caster screamed.
He suddenly sat up and grabbed the rope.  Jacob tied it around his waist and pulled on it to make sure it was secure.  “Go!” he shouted up to Caster.  Slowly he was pulled up to the surface.  The sun had started to set over the broken city, the orange glow shone though the opening.  Caster and Gunnar grabbed Jacob by his jacket and pulled him out from the hole.  Jacob stood up and removed the rope from his waist.  He walked over to one of the last remaining pews and kicked it over in frustration.  “Ahh!” he yelled.
“Jacob, there was nothing you could do,” Caster tried to comfort him.
“She fell because of me,” Jacob snapped.
“How were you suppose to know the floor would give way like that?  Jacob, these things happen, we will mourn her in good time along with everyone else we have lost today.”
“Everyone else!” A tearful Jacob pushed Caster away. “I’m supposed to be this big hero, this saviour and yet everyone around me keeps dying!” He viciously kicked a lump of rubble.
“They haven’t died because of you, they sacrificed themselves to save all of us.  Those of us who stand with you and those throughout Pangaea who fight for the freedom against the Ark understand their sacrifice.  All I will ever ask Jacob is you stand with us,” Caster grabbed Jacob and starred in his eyes.
“Yeah Jacob, don’t worry about, we all knew the risk otherwise we wouldn’t be here,” Gunnar laughed sat with his back against a broken wall.  He had taken off his top and was wiping the blood away from his muscular physique.  The battle had taken its toll on him and he was left with cuts and bruises all over his body.
“These two lost a lot of comrades and friends today and look they hold no resentment toward you,” Caster patted Jacob on the back.
The wind picked up around them and dust circled the church ruins.  The sound of helicopter blades echoed through the streets.
“Are you expecting anyone?” Jacob asked.
“That would be our pick up,” Caster replied.
Jacob looked up and saw the silhouette of a helicopter glance past the setting sun.  It was an old Army Huey helicopter.  Despite it being centuries old, countless refurbished engines over the years had kept it in working order.
“Any room for a little one?” Atreus crawled up the steps of the church.  Fresh blood had dried across his face, the arms on his shirt ripped and he held his fractured right arm.
“Atreus!” Jacob ran over to help.  He picked up Atreus and carried him over to the others.
“Thanks for saving us over there,” Gunnar nodded his head.
“Don’t mention it,” Atreus rested on a pew.  “It was the least I could do, they will be back with more.”
“We are fully aware Atreus,” Caster replied.  “Exactly what are you doing here?”
“Esau left me no choice, I either came here or he would sacrifice Jacob’s mother.  You have him rattled Jacob.  Esau will stop at nothing to ensure your presence is not known throughout Pangaea and especially the Ark.”
“Okay, well perhaps we can talk more when we get out of here, stand clear of any debris our transport is here.”
The helicopter closed in on the ruins.  It circled the church looking for a safe place to land.  It could no longer land on the road, each street was either littered with bodies or the remains of crumbled buildings.  Luckily the Mech’s awesome firepower had cleared one side of the church to make a suitable landing spot.  It hovered over the church and descended.  Everyone covered their faces as dust was thrown up in the air.  The helicopter gracefully landed where half the church once stood.  Its blades continued to rotate, it would only be a quick stay.  Astrid was first to climb on board, she opened the door next to the pilot and jumped him.  He embraced her with open arms and they shared a kiss.  Gunnar stood up and left his shirt and empty gun on the floor, he slid open the rear door to the helicopter and climbed in.  Caster and Jacob both helped an injured Atreus hobble into the helicopter.  
Gunnar looked over at the peaceful body of Ivar. “Rest easy now brother, may I see you again in Valhalla,” he whispered to himself.  
The blades rotated faster and the helicopter lifted up from the ground.  It slowly ascended into the air.  Caster handed Jacob a pair of headphones to wear, they would at least reduce some of the noise.  The helicopter showed its age not just in its appearance but also in the flight.  It was a very bumpy ride.  Jacob was sat behind the pilot on a small ripped leather bench opposite Caster and Atreus.   The inside of the helicopter was bare expect for a flag that was similar to the symbol on Caster’s jacket that hung from behind his head.  Jacob took this time to look at the devastation below.  He could see the bodies of soldiers across the streets.  The shattered pieces of the Mech were scattered here and there.  Most of the buildings around the church were in worse shape than before the battle had commenced.  The helicopter rotated to face south but Jacob caught a quick glimpse of where he had travelled from.  There was just enough light over the horizon for him to see the side of the cliff where he had climbed down.  Below Jacob saw the dropship that had brought the soldiers.
“Open the door,” Caster shouted.
Jacob followed orders and opened it, he was too exhausted to ask why.  Underneath his bench Caster pulled out a rifle with a grenade attachment.  There was one grenade inside ready.  Caster leant out of the helicopter and aimed at the dropship.  He steadied his arm and fired.  The grenade bounced off the ground and into the rear of the dropship.  Caster sat back against the rear of the helicopter.
“Boom,” Caster laughed.
The grenade exploded and ripped the dropship apart.  Jacob grinned back and closed the door.  He rested his head on the back of this seat and stared out to the sky.  He thought about Beth and Freyja and what could possibly be happening to them.  His eyes drooped and before long he had fallen asleep.






CHAPTER FOURTEEN


Jacob opened his eyes as the helicopter approached its destination.  He lifted his head from the window and looked at the surroundings below.  They were very different to what he had been used to over the last few weeks.  The moon had since set and the sun began to rise.  A modern solar generator had helped this aged helicopter travel throughout the night.  The morning sun sparkled orange across the flat horizon.  The sunlight glistened off the ground far below and for a moment it reminded Jacob of the sunrise near the shore of his village that had left him speechless two weeks ago.  Except it was not the ocean the sun was glistening off.  Wetlands stretched for miles across the horizon.
There were no rivers or lakes but simply one huge body of water.  It was covered by low-growing shrubs, the water was not as clear as the ocean but instead a dark, murky green.  There was a low light mist that hovered across the water.  Oddly enough Jacob saw a lone brown bear walking through the water which rose up to its lower body so it was not very deep.  However, the bear’s body was lined with a layer of green gunk from the water, so it was not ideal to walk through.  Above the gathering of reeds in and about the wetlands were swarms of flying insects, Jacob could not quite make out what they were but their wings flickered in the sunlight.  Where the water did appear through the shrubs and reeds Jacob sporadically saw small fish diving out into the air.
Jacob was overcome with a sense of peacefulness.  The environment he witnessed below was so natural compared to the manmade destruction he had recently seen.  He had always been told that Pangaea was a barren wasteland and until now he had always believed that.  But this was unlike anything he had ever seen.
  The helicopter turned slightly and Jacob saw where they were headed.  In the distance a large formation of rocks rose from out the wetlands.  The formation was the remaining structure of an extinct volcano.  The peak was not near as high as Jacob had seen with the mountains in the north.  Just up from the wetlands there was an opening in the side of the volcano.  The closer the helicopter got the taller the opening appeared.  Jagged rock formed around its mouth and vines grew around the edges and dangled from the top.  The light disappeared into the darkness of the cave that led from the opening.  They started to lower closer to the surface, the layer of green gunk on the water parted and the shrubs swayed in the wind.  The helicopter levelled out and entered into the cave.  A bright flood light switched on from the front and a damp dirty helipad illuminated in the light next to two old corrugated steel huts.
The bumpy journey came to a smooth end as the helicopter eased to the floor.  The generator powered down and the rotor blades decelerated.  Jacob was able to remove his head phones without his ears being battered by noise.
“So is this your headquarters?” Jacob laughed.
Caster removed his headphones and leaned forward. “Hilarious Jacob,” he smiled.  “We keep this place as a safe house.  As you can tell it’s in a rather secluded area and besides currently most of the crafts they have will not work out here.”
“But I thought you had two planes to help evacuate everyone?” Jacob asked.
“We do however they are at our airfield miles from here, but by now they will be there waiting for us to arrive.”
Astrid slid open the door. “Are you four getting out?”
“Thanks,” Jacob jumped from the helicopter and almost slipped on the wet surface.
“Oh, watch your step,” Astrid giggled.
“Take a moment to stretch your legs then let’s arrange our next move,” Caster stepped out and walked over to one of the huts.  He pulled a lever at the side of the helipad and two floodlights ignited either side.  Gunner followed Caster.
Jacob stretched his arms and legs, although he was refreshed from his long sleep his body ached from the uncomfortable bench.  He looked around and explored the cave with his eyes.  The large cave walls consisted of plain ordinary brown rocks.  There was no detail to their formation.  Enormous boulders were spread across the bottom of the cave walls.  The mist from the wetlands entered the cave and expanded down into the darkness.  The helipad was built on the side of a dark descending cliff.  Jacob rested on the metal rail and looked below.  There was nothing but darkness, although within the darkness was a great murmur.  He could not quite grasp onto what the noise was exactly.
“Don’t’ fall,” Astrid tapped Jacob.
“Hey,” Jacob jumped.
“Impressive isn’t it, that’s the sound of a million birds.”
“Why would birds be living in a cave?” Jacob asked.
“Why not, wildlife will pretty much adapt to any environment you put it in, shame the same cannot be said for us.” Astrid bent down and picked up a small rock.  “Here, I’ll show you how spectacular they can be.”  She leant over the edge and held her hand out. “Watch your head.”  She realised the rock and it fell into the darkness.
Jacob listened out for the rock to hit the floor.  It took a moment but he soon heard it bounce.  The murmur stopped.  Astrid stood back from the rail and left Jacob looking over.  The noise quickly returned but it was greater.  The darkness rose from below.  Jacob saw this was no darkness but the flock birds.  He jumped back and they rushed upwards to the ceiling.  They flew an inch from Jacob’s face, Astrid held her arms out and danced underneath the spectacular sight.  It was too dark to make out any detail of the birds except for a small body and wings.  The birds glided together in close formation.  They soared from out the cave and sailed in circular patterns in the morning sky.  For a moment their sheer numbers blocked out the sun and their deafening calls echoed off the walls of the cave.  After witnessing the majestic birds for a few minutes, they flew across the wetlands and their calls soon disappearing into the distance.
“Wow,” Jacob was mesmerised.  “That was...”
“Fantastic wasn’t it?” Astrid interrupted.
Jacob looked over at the pilot who had the rear of the helicopter open. “So you and the pilot?” he asked.
“That would be my husband, Max,” she replied.
“Oh right, well I guess we had better join Caster.”
“I’ll join you in a bit, me and Max have some catching up to so,” Astrid smiled.  She ran over to Max, grabbed his hand and led him to the other hut.
Jacob walked toward the hut Caster had entered.  The gravel on the path crunched underneath his boots.  The huts were only small, the wall and roof built from rusty corrugated steel, both had a half painted wooden door with no windows.  Jacob opened the door and walked inside.  There he saw Caster, Atreus and Gunnar sat at a table, Caster had wasted no time in getting out a bottle of whisky from the cabinet in the corner.  Despite the grim nature of the hut there was an exquisite varnished wooden cabinet that housed clean glasses and bottles of liquor.  Attached to one of the walls was yet another map of Pangaea, a piece of paper with works ‘Ark’ was pinned near the coast.
“Ah Jacob my boy take a seat,” Atreus kicked out a chair.
“I see it didn’t take you long to find the liquor,” Jacob laughed and joined them.
“I see you have become a man these last two weeks,” Atreus raised his glass to Jacob and drank his glass of whiskey.  He grabbed the bottle and poured himself another.
“Not exactly had much choice have I? What from trekking for a week through the snow to nearly getting myself shot on a daily basis, I’d say I’m a man now,” Jacob laughed again. “So apart from sitting here and drinking ourselves to sleep what’s our next step? We’re going after the Ark aren’t we?”
“Our next step…” Gunnar swirled the whisky in his glass. “We get back into that chopper and fly south.  Now we have you we let the Ark come to us.”
“But what about the others?” Jacob’s voice rose.
“What about the others? Jacob we can’t risk you anymore, your wellbeing is my key priority now,” Caster firmly spoke.
“Bullshit, I can’t leave Beth and Freyja there, with Atreus gone they will surely kill them!” Jacob stood up.
“Sit your ass down,” Atreus scowled.  “Caster he has a point, with me gone Esau will kill them both and even his own mother just out of spite.  If it weren’t for Beth then Jacob would not even be sitting here.  However, Jacob whilst I agree with you I fail to see how any of us would be able to board the Ark?”
“There is a way,” Caster said.
“What are we just going to drop in from the sky?” Atreus mocked.
“Yes we are.”
“They have technology and weapons unlike anything you have ever faced, they will pick you out the sky when you approach.”
“We know of their technology Atreus.” Caster paused for a moment and took a sip from his glass.  “Our scouts were been monitoring the Ark for years, well at least before they were all killed.”  Caster walked over to the cabinet and opened the draw.  He pulled out several rolls of crinkled craft paper.  He rolled them out of the table and rested the drinks on the corners to hold them down.  “From our intelligence we have managed to analyse enough of the Eastern Bank to find our way in.”
Sketched on the paper in pencil was part of the lower platforms of the Ark. However, there wasn’t enough detail for Jacob to finally get a decent view of what the Ark looked like.  Various sized pipes were attached horizontally across the platform.  Some of the pipes were corrugated, some smooth.  Between the pipes were large hexagonal openings made from metal and stretched out a metre from the platform.  Each opening was spread out at least fifty metres apart but were also about fifty metres in diameter.  Written on a small sign above the opening were the words ‘Eastern Bank, Section 3a’.
“Why have you sketched this and not just taken a photograph?” Jacob asked.
“You saw the monitor didn’t you? Unfortunately our technology isn’t that effective near the Ark.  We took many photographs, but none could get the detail we needed.  So five years ago I sent in two scouts to get as close as possible and bring me back a way of entering the Ark.”
“And this is what they sent back?” Jacob interrupted.
“Yes, what looked like routine maintenance staff appeared at this end every few months to carry out repair work on the pipes, so our aim would be to enter through those.”
“That’s great and all but how exactly are you going to climb in given the Ark is a mile high up in the sky?”
“This is where Max comes in, he has been working on all sorts of methods for us to drop to the Ark from above.  It’s helped keep him busy whilst he’s been here alone.  Last time I spoke to him he had developed a suit to help us glide down from the sky.”
“You’re serious?” Jacob asked.
“You don’t have to take my word for it, once he has finished catching up with Astrid he can show you.”  Caster rolled up the paper and returned it to the draw.
“So these suits, how do they work?  I’m assuming you will have a parachute?” Atreus asked.
“There’s no need.  The co-ordinates of our destination is fed into a tiny computer wired into the suit.  It will use these to deploy a material, well a parachute if you will, but not like a traditional one.  The chutes will deploy between our arms and legs to help us glide to the entrance.  Once we are near, the material in the chutes will harden acting like an air brake.  And weather permitting we land safely.”
“Weather permitting?” Jacob probed.
“The suits can sustain a certain amount of wind resistance but if we were to hit a storm or a freak gust of wind this can cause the suit to malfunction.  So we only have one shot at this.”
“You still haven’t explained how you’re going to avoid their weaponry?” Atreus poured another glass of whiskey.
“If we are going to do this then you need to lay off the whiskey.” Caster picked up the bottle and placed it back on the self in the cabinet.  “The great thing about that old tin can outside and the generator Max has built means it produces a signal to help avoid detection from any modern day tracking device, we just need to fly high enough.”
“Any how high is high?”  Atreus drank the last of his whiskey.
“Max redesigned the air intake in the engines to help with the thin air at high altitudes, added with the extra grunt from the generator the helicopter should be able to reach forty thousand feet.  Just high enough for us to descend from a safe distance.”
“That sounds like a very brave plan Caster,” Atreus commented sarcastically. He had doubts about the plan. “If you’re not going to let me drink then let’s not wait around.”  Atreus stood up from the table and left the hut.  He walked over to the other hut.  “You two had better be decent,” he knocked on the door to the hut and opened it.
Inside the other hut Astrid and Max were laying on top of one another in a single camp bed in the corner of the room.  She was groaning as her hands gripped onto Max’s muscular back.  Astrid looked up and saw Atreus smiling in the doorway.  She grabbed the faded white pillow from behind her head and threw it at Atreus.
“Excuse me!” she shouted.
“Finish off and get outside,” Atreus sniggered.  He left the door open and walked over to the helipad.  
“Err, close the door!” Astrid hollered.
“Quiet,” Max covered her mouth and continued to make love to her.
Atreus sat on the step to the helipad and searched the pockets of his trousers.  In one of the pockets on the lower side his leg he found a crushed carton of cigarettes.  He opened the packet, there were two cigarettes remaining and by chance there was one unlit matchstick.  Jacob walked out the hut and sat next Atreus.
“Fancy a smoke?” Atreus asked.
“I’m good thanks,” Jacob replied.
Atreus placed one of the cigarettes in his mouth and scratched the match against the rough surface of the helipad.  It did not light a first but with a few attempts the flame ignited.  He lit his cigarette and inhaled a deep breath of tobacco.  He closed his eyes, enjoying every moment of his lungs filling with the toxic fumes.  The smoke escaped through his nose and he rested the cigarette between his fingers.
“Anyone would think you’ve been starved of those,” Jacob observed.
“Do you actually think they’ve given me any luxuries whilst I’ve been keep prisoner?  Luckily they didn’t search that pocket.”
“Fair enough, are Astrid and Max coming?”
“I’d say give him one more minute and he will be,” Atreus chuckled.
It took a moment to settle in but Jacob soon laughed to when he realised the joke.  A few minutes later a shirtless and barefoot Max walked out the hut fastening the top button to his scraggy trousers.  Both his arms were covered in tattoos, he had several scars across his back.
“So was she pleased to see you?” Atreus asked. “Here I’ll treat you to my last one given I interrupted,” he held out the carton.
Max took the cigarette and lit the end with Atreus’ half-burnt stick.  “Yeah thanks for that,” he inhaled.
“So Caster says you have some magic suits to help us reach the Ark?”
“I wouldn’t go as far to say there magic suits, but they will get you to the Ark.”
“You not coming with us?” Jacob asked.
“Someone’s got to fly the chopper.”
Astrid followed from the hut, she fastened the last few buttons on her shirt and tucked it in.  She wrapped up her scruffy hair in a bun.  “So what’s the plan?” she asked.
“We’re off to the Ark dear,” Max offered his burning cigarette to Astrid.  He walked into the hut and grabbed one of the suits.  It was black, skin tight and made of carbon rubber.  The material for the chutes were folded between the arms and legs.  “So this is the bad boy that’s going to get you there, well this and my flying skills.”
“So you’re sure this is going to work?” Jacob seemed unconvinced.
“You want to see it in action?” Max replied.
“Why not,” Jacob raised his eyebrows.
“You heard him, get suited up.” Max threw the suit to Astrid.
“One question I forgot to ask, we’re expected to jump from forty thousand feet, but how exactly are we going to breathe?” Atreus asked as he put out his cigarette.
“With one of these.” In his other hand Max held up a small black oxygen mask.  “At the front of these masks are small oxygen canisters with just enough for you to make the journey down.”
Astrid removed her shirt and trousers in front of the gazing men and stood in only a pair of black knickers.  “What’s the matter boys?” she smirked.
“Nice pants,” Atreus smirked back.
  Astrid climbed into the suit and rested the mask on top of her head.  Max remained in only his trousers and jumped into the helicopter.  He started the engines and the rotors began to spin.
“Astrid!” Max shouted.
“One of you boys zip me up,” Astrid turned around.  Jacob stood up and zipped up the suit.  “Thanks.”  She ran to the helicopter and slid open the rear door.  She climbed in and closed the door. 
The helicopter lifted gracefully off the ground.  Jacob and Atreus stepped back from the helipad.  It rose to a safe distance off the ground before it left the cave and climbed into the sky out of view.
“So how long are we supposed to wait around for?” Jacob wondered.
“I doubt they are going to go for the forty thousand feet just yet.  I suppose it will be just enough to show us the suit works, just keep a look out for Astrid,” Atreus replied.
They both waited patiently.  Jacob walked closer to the edge of the cave for a better view.  He could just about make out the helicopter in the distance.  The morning had quickly evaporated the mist from the wetlands.  There was silence across the sky with no sign of any clouds.  A faint stench drifted from the waters in the wetlands.  Jacob held his noise to escape the smell.  The stillness of the sky was interrupted by the echo of a roar.  He could see Astrid soaring through the sky, white streaks of clouds formed from her pointed body.  She shot through the sky at an incredible speed.  On approach to the cave she opened up her arms and legs and the chutes appeared.  Her body flung back with the force of the air brake.  She slowed down and glided downwards elegantly.  Her body coasted over to Jacob and she closed in her arms to bring herself to a sudden halt running as she hit the floor.  Jacob turned around in amazement.
“Wow, that was pretty impressive,” Jacob ran over to Astrid.
“Convinced yet?” she smirked at Atreus.
“Whilst I’ll admit that was pretty impressive I would argue that you know perfectly well what your destination is, what speed and angle to enter the cave. However, when facing the Ark from forty thousand feet how can you possible know how to glide towards it?” Atreus was still unsure.
“I’ll answer that,” Caster spoke for Astrid.  “Thousands of lines of code has been programed into the circuits within the suit.  We simply enter the co-ordinates of our destination and the height of approach and the algorithms work it out for us.  What you cannot see in the suit is the biological material sewn within carbon on the suit.”
“You mean it’s alive?” Atreus teased.
“In a way yes, there is a web of nerves grown into the material that react to the electric pulses sent by the circuits.  This controls the suit and helps you navigate.  If it feels you need to move left it will guide your body left.  Now ideally we want to make our decent to the Ark just as the sun is setting, if it’s too bright we will easily be spotted but of its too dark then it’s going to be hard to see.”
“Sunset it is then,” Astrid replied as she slid her body from out the suit leaving her only in her black panties again.  Her clothes were still lying on the floor.  Knowing the others were looking, she seductively bent down to reach the shirt, fastened the buttons on her shirt and pulled up her trousers.
“Yes that’s correct, but given the distance we need to travel to reach the Ark we need to leave as soon as possible.  The Ark is currently on the west coast so it should take us until sunset to reach it.”
“Just a note on this masterful plan of yours.  Now as none of you have ever been to the Ark I’m assuming you do not know what the people dress and look like?” Atreus asked.
“No why?” Caster replied.
“No offence but dressed like you are there is no way you are going to fit in.  Unless you are planning to start from within the factories then I’d say first have a wash and a shave.  Beards are usually frowned upon except for facial hair above the lip,” Atreus stroked his beard.
“That explains why you’ve always had that huge beard on your face,” Jacob laughed.
“A beard is an easy way to disguise one’s self Jacob.  Atreus you have a good point though, in the other hut you will find a wash basin I suggest we all take it in turns to wash and shave,” Caster uttered.
“What about your clothes?”
“Never fear Atreus, over the years my men have collected various pieces of clothing from captured soldiers or dropships we have taken down.  They are in the hut near the bed, you can pick yourself something out,” Caster joked.  “Just make sure it is as little as possible, the clothes will be in a bag strapped to your back on the way down.”
As Max returned to land with the helicopter they all took turns in changing their appearance and prepared themselves for the dangerous descent ahead.






CHAPTER FIFTEEN


Over the last two weeks Jacob had travelled over various terrains and had a number of varied encounters with friends and foe.  He was now embarking on his greatest challenge.  The helicopter had left the wetlands and travelled across the rocky plains that led to the west coast.  They were only a few miles from the Ark but it remained out of sight.  The clear blue skies that had harboured over the wetlands had been replaced with fearsome grey clouds.  The temperate had plummeted and the air moistened.  A storm was brewing.
Skimming across the land to avoid any detection the helicopter now started its ascent to forty thousand feet.  Jacob quickly strapped the seat belt across his chest.  The murmur from the generator increased, the windows rattled and lose equipment slid along the floor as Max pulled the helicopter to a steep incline.  Jacob reached for something on the roof to grab onto to stop himself from leaning too far forward.
“You should have sat on the rear bench!” Caster shouted.
“What?” Jacob shouted back, he could only hear the noise from the engines.
“Never mind!” Caster replied.
The helicopter disappeared into the clouds.  The moisture from the clouds drizzled along the windows.  The whole structure of the helicopter shook violently as the air became more unstable.  There were flashes of lightning within the clouds, the storm had erupted.  Jacob closed his eyes with fear, he was anxious, unaware of how long it would take to reach their desired height.  The helicopter brutally trembled the higher it climbed.  Jacob could smell burning from the generator, it was working well above its limit.  There was an unnerving bang from above and a red siren flashed in the cockpit.  An alarm sounded near the controls but Max turned it off.  The helicopter was struggling but Max kept it on its course.  The clouds darkened and all Jacob could see was the red glow from the cockpit.  Magnificent forks of lightning stretched through the black clouds.  Large balls of hail battered the helicopter.  The window next to Jacob cracked under the barrage of hail.
Within moments the clouds dispersed and the helicopter was now above the aggressive storm.  It had begun to level out and hover above the blanket of fierce clouds.  Max continued with the climb into the sky but at a safer angle.  Jacob relaxed, he no longer needed to hold onto the helicopter.  The moisture on the windows froze into ice.  The sky around the horizon was stained with the orange sunset and directly above it faded into the darkness of the night sky.  
The helicopter rotated and Jacob finally got his first glimpse of the Ark.  The clouds covered the majority of the drifting city with only a single tower pierced through the storm clouds.  The tower reached another hundred metres into the sky, the six sided walls consisted of different shaded blue triangular glass shards formed together between a black and silver carbon steel frame.  The higher the tower reached the sharper the top became until a perfect point was left.  Jacob was taken aback at the sheer beauty of the building, the sunset glimmered off the glass reflecting all sorts of colours that danced along the walls.  He could not wait to see what the rest of the Ark would behold.  
The helicopter had begun to slow down.  Soon enough it had stopped rising and hovered.  They had reached the required height.  
“Masks on!” Caster ordered.
Jacob could hear this time, he pulled down the mask from his head and secured it over his face.  He made sure the small bag on his back was fastened correctly.
“Ready?” Casted asked everyone.
Jacob, Atreus, Gunnar and Astrid all put their thumbs up to Caster.  Astrid slid open the door and prepared to jump.  She held her hand against the cockpit and Max placed his hand against hers.  Max winked and blew her a kiss.  The red siren in the cockpit was then replaced by a green light in the rear of the helicopter, it was time to jump.
“Three, two, one…” Caster counted down.
Astrid was the first to go, followed by Atreus and Gunnar.  Jacob looked down and hesitated.
“Jacob look at me, you will be fine, as I said before jump let the suit do the work,” Caster reassured Jacob.
“Guys you need to leave now, this baby isn’t going to stay this high for much longer,” Max called back.
Jacob looked over the edge once more and took a deep breath, he made sure his mask was secure.  He let go and allowed his body to fall from the helicopter.  He dropped with his back facing the floor and stared as the helicopter left.  His body rotated and he moved his arms by his side and closed his legs.  Jacob could feel the chill from the thin atmosphere throughout his body, however he did not have time to worry about the cold, his speed soon picked up as he approached the clouds.  He was now surrounded by dark icy thick clouds.  Tiny icicles formed around the edge of his mask.  The suit stiffened up and he could barely move his body.  He broke through the sound barrier and a sonic boom blasted away the clouds near him.  Despite how fast he was travelling he could only hear silence, even sound could not catch him.  The clouds began to lighten the further he descended.  There was a trail of broken clouds left by the others, but he couldn’t see them.
A thud of thunder knocked Jacob.  The sensor on his wrist flashed red and the suit relaxed.  He started to lose balance, his body was thrown across the sky.  Jacob or the suit could not control his movements, he was in free fall.  He panicked and tried to level out his body but the turbulence in the air was too strong to fight against.  He managed to steady one arm and repeatedly tried to press the button on the sensor pad but nothing happened.  Jacob fell uncontrollably for another thirty seconds.  There was another eruption of lightning in front of Jacob, this latest longer than other.  He closed his eyes as he burst through.  The clouds lit up and he was blinded by the immense discharge of electric.  His body was quickly warmed up by the lightning as it crawled along the suit.  His body was unscathed though, the suit protected him.  The suit suddenly stiffened up and the red sensor switched off.  The electric charge had helped re-engage the suit.  Jacob levelled up and he felt his arms and legs widen.  The suit was readying itself to slow down.  The chutes caught the air and he was hit with a blunt force.
Jacob started to slow down and the clouds began to evaporate.  He could now see a brown rocky surface below, small hills that lead across a dried up valley.  Jacob started to feel the patter of rain that fell from the clouds.  He lifted his head and his jaw dropped.  He finally saw the entirety of the Ark.  It stretched across the skyline.  Regardless of the darkness from the rain he could still see so much.  He saw the dark hexagon chambers he would soon be landing in.  They were spread out along the bottom of the Ark within a tangled web of steal and copper pipes.  Just above the bottom stood a hundred foot wall.  Iron girders were horizontally stacked together with tiled aluminium plates between each girder.  Behind the wall the murky rain clouds were lit up by bright neon lights of all colours.  There were several brick chimneys puffing out grey smoke near the wall but after those he could faintly see the shadows of the skyscrapers.  Their curved unblemished black glass walls rose into the clouds. 
Jacob looked away from the skyline and focused on where he was headed.  He saw the other four enter the chamber.  The suit took him slightly below the Ark to help slow him down further.  From here he caught sight of the underneath of the Ark.  It was smoother than any surface he had seen before.  It was made from what appeared to be a solid black metal.  Flickers of electrical currents danced along the surface.  The chutes hardened and Jacob elevated into the air and levelled with the chamber.  He glided into the dark opening.  He was unprepared for the sudden landing as the suit relaxed and his crashed to the floor.  He slid along the bumpy surface and came to a stop in front of the others.
“Nice landing,” Astrid and the others laughed.
Jacob took off his mask and coughed. “Thanks.”  He sat up and unfastened his bag.
“No messing about we need to get dressed and get moving,” Caster ordered.
Jab threw the bag from his shoulder and emptied the contents onto the floor.  Sprawled along the floor were his clothes.  There was a dark grey baggy pair of trouser sewn from cotton, the crotch was slightly lower than the usual trousers he would wear.  There were a pair of matt black leather boots, with laces strapped all around the ankles and shins.  These were accompanied by a long sleeved black cotton top with thin silver stripes along the back of the arm and a dull silver pattern on the chest.  The end of each sleeve had five finger holes.  Finally there was a dark creamy brown hoodie.  Like the trousers this too was baggy.  Jacob had to put it over his head.  It was long to the sides and short around the front and back.  The neck of the hoodie was wrinkled and appeared similar to a loose fitting scarf.  The others were all dressed similar but for a slight difference in the shades of colour in their clothing.
“We ready to move?” Caster asked.
“Yep, but what about our suits?” Jacob replied.
“What about them? We can’t carry them with us, just leave them, by the time anyone finds them we will be long gone.” Caster turned away and walked down the chamber.
Jacob could hear the wind ricochet off the walls of the chamber.  Although it was dark inside there were tiny spot lights that flashed along the walls.  They walked in single file with Jacob at the back.  Every so often there were ladders on the right hand side that led up into an opening.  Caster walked past the first few.
“How many of these are you going to walk past before you decide which one to take?” Astrid questioned.
“We need to get as close to the middle as possible, admittedly we cannot walk directly there but I think it would be best to enter the surface somewhere away from the edge, don’t you?” Caster replied.
“He’s right Astrid, if we climb up too soon we will enter Region One, whilst it’s not full of guards it’s not an easy place to escape.  If we walk for another half a mile or so we should be underneath Region Two,” Atreus spoke up.
“Region Two?” Astrid interrupted.
“The Ark is separated into four different regions.  Region One the industrial zone is populated mainly with factories.  It stretches across the walls of the Ark.  Region Two is the largest zone and covers the rest of the lower Ark.  This is where most of the employees of the factories and their families live.  They stay in the lower frames of the skyscrapers you will see and other smaller buildings that house millions of citizens.  It’s not exactly pleasant to live in compared to the above regions but I guess it beats the surface.  Region Three and Four are populated by those wealthier.  The more power and money you have the higher up you live.”
“Well thanks for explaining,” Astrid gave a cheeky smile.  “Just another thought though, what about weapons, what if guards do spot us then what?”
“I can take you to a place that harbours resentment toward the Chancellor, if the same person is running the place then we should have no problem arming ourselves.  Caster we can climb the next set of ladders, it should bring us to the outskirts of Region Two.”
Caster listened to Atreus and walked to the next opening.  There was an orange glow through the manhole cover.  Caster mounted the ladder and lifted the heavy iron cover with his hand.  He slid it across the pavement and climbed out the chamber.  Jacob was the last to climb out, now he would be able to see more of the Ark.  The storm had since cleared and only half the sky was covered by a thin layer of cloud.  A small blanket of rain fell from the sky.  The sunset glimmered through the rain and left a bright colourful rainbow.  To Jacob’s surprise they had walked onto the side of a river, he was confused why a floating city would need a river bed.  Although the water did not look at all pleasant.  Across on the other side rusty pipes edged out from the muddy banks and emptied dirty brown water into the river.  The pipes lead from the giant factories that were scattered through Region One.  They were a mixture of tall red brick windowless buildings with chimneys billowing smoke and large steal warehouses that had discoloured from the fumes.  Enormous metallic wind turbines were spread out in the middle of the river and inhaled the fumes ensuring the rest of the Ark was unaffected.    There was no bridge for people to cross but instead there was a single rail suspended in the air.  Along this travelled a silver polished bullet shaped monorail.  Jacob saw one of the trains travel across the river and into Region Two.  With ten coaches attached it was packed full of dirty, sweaty workers.
Jacob turned away from the factories and faced Region Two.  There was a mosaic stone walkway that led into the region and spread out along the river bank.  Potted trees were planted in symmetrical patterns.  Jacob saw a few passers-by cycle past on lustrous bicycles.  They paid no attention to Jacob and the others.  There were people walking small dogs and others with children.  Everyone dressed similar to Jacob, except for slight variations in parts of their clothes.  Some wore the same hoodie and some without.  Others worse baggy shorts or sleek sleeveless tops.  For a moment everyone looked civilised.  
After a walk of two hundred metres along the path they approached the urban metropolis.  Near the front were smaller lesser homes compared to the giant skyscrapers in the distance.  There were rows and rows of small apartments that varied in size.  The tallest of apartments had ten stories compared to the smallest that housed five. The curved edges of each apartment were built from a dull black graphite and the walls from a smooth white hardened plastic material.  The small windows in each apartment either had their blinds drawn or a light bright enough to see from the street.  At the front of the apartments were artificial gardens.  Some of the residents had either paved over the front or kept the garden.  The artificial grass was easy to manage especially as it didn’t grow.  There were all sorts of different potted flower beds with an array of colours, trees and hedges.   Unusual street lamps led further into the Region, the bright spots of light were suspended in the air on their own.  They looked like lines of fireflies.  The streets were made from a toughened dark glass like material and there was a dark blue illuminated pulse that flickered down the street.
On the streets were cars nothing like Jacob had seen before.  The cars hovered a couple of inches from the ground, each one had a different coloured neon light underneath.  Most of them were sleek, curved oval shapes.  The top half built from a reflective colourful glass that matched the neon colour underneath.  The other either comprised of a grey or black metal base.  They almost appeared to be floating colourful orbs travelling silently and effortlessly.
At the end of each street were pedestrian lights.  Similar to the street lamps, they were also floating bulbs, one green and one red.  Jacob and the others stopped at the junction next to several of the residents.  They waited patiently as the crafts hovered past.  The green lamp dimmed and the red one brightened.  Jacob stepped out but Atreus grabbed him.  A strip along to road illuminated bright orange and the residents walked across.  Jacob smiled and followed them.  Once everyone had crossed the striped faded red and soon disappeared once the floating green lamp came back on. 
Further down the street Jacob saw giant steel supports that rose from between the apartments and to another platform at least half a mile in the sky.  The platform was broken into different parts with skyscrapers erecting through.  Jacob knew that must have been Region Three.  Directly below the platform that part of Region Two was hidden from any form of natural light.  The darkness was illuminated by the bright colours of the metropolis.  The small apartments were now replaced by taller buildings that escalated through Region Three.  The buildings differed in shapes and sizes.  There were cylinder structures with horizontal marble walls, separated every few metres by a layer of glass.  Others were long rectangular buildings, either built from concreate or entirely from glass.  Most of the windows on the concrete buildings were illuminated with a dim sky blue light.  The rectangular structures did not quite reach the platform above but the spot lights on the roofs reflected off the bottom.  Comparable to the outer rim of the Ark there were a maze of pipes that ran along the platform.  Accompanying the circular skyscrapers were more ridged square towers.  Most of the square skyscrapers were constructed from black granite stone blocks.  Miniature white bulbs were placed vertically along the tower.  The base of these were the largest Jacob had seen so far.  Every ten stories up the tower reduced in size.  Draped down the middle of the second tier of the building was a tapestry.  Golden silk material embroiled with an eagle perched atop a city skyline.  Spot lights enlightened the eagles glowing eyes.  There was still no sign of the great tower Jacob had seen from the sky.
Hovering beside the buildings were hundreds of electronic advertising boards.  Some of them were simply posters, advertising soft drinks, perfume and confectionary.  Other boards had a repeating video, most were attractive women showing off their newest bodily enhancement or driving the latest hover craft.  Jacob had not seen so many bold bright colours.  He had always been used to people living within their means, wrapped up warm to escape the cold.  Here the unpleasant miserable colours Jacob had grown to live with were married together with vivid intense colours Jacob had only seen in a sunset.  How could a place with such colour and magnificent structures hold the evil he had been told.  Why would anyone choose to live on the surface with the poverty and suffering Jacob had experienced instead of this Utopia?
“How much further have we got to walk?” Gunnar moaned.
Atreus halted and turned to face everyone. “Oh we still have a few more miles to walk yet,” he smiled.
“Are you joking?” Gunnar was unimpressed.
“If your legs are hurting that much Gunnar then we can always get a bus, there’s a stop a bit further up.”
“Why didn’t we do that in the first place?”
“Because walking is our best suited option for not being recognised or getting caught, you sit on a bus it allows for others enough time to figure out who you are,” Caster interrupted.
“Surely by us walking along these open streets it gives us just as much chance of being recognised,” Gunnar shook his head.
“He has a point Caster, if we catch a bus then we can keep our heads down and get to where we need to in no time.” Astrid was on Gunnar’s side.
“Look if you don’t want to walk then let’s get the bus!” Atreus grunted.  “Except one problem how do you all plan of riding it?”
“How do you mean?” Gunnar asked.
“Well every resident in the Ark has a chip implanted into their wrist.  To buy or use anything here you have to swipe your implant.  I used to have one before I removed it, but you guys don’t have one do you?”  Atreus replied.
“One step ahead of you,” Caster reached into his pocket and pulled out five clear thin wrist bands.  “I was saving these for later but guess you can all put one on now.  Integrated into the bands are the implants…” 
“Won’t they know instantly we don’t belong here?” Jacob worried.
“Max has hacked them so it will randomly generate one of the resident’s implants.  Using these we will be fine, I can assure you,” Caster handed out the wrist bands.  
Jacob wrapped the band around his wrist.  It was loose at first but once he moved his hand away it glowed a dim blue and tightened.  “Let’s see if these work then,” Jacob joked.
Atreus led them to the nearest bus stop where the rain had now stopped.  At the stop a queue of people were already waiting.  The single wall and roof of the stop were formed from a clear plastic.  There was a bus sign atop of the roof.  Within the wall stood a hologram of a dark haired women in a slim red suit.  “The next bus will arrive in two minutes,” she said.  Atreus joined the single file queue and they waited.
Sure to her word the bus arrived on time.  It looked nothing like the other vehicles Jacob had seen here.  It was more like the ones he had seen along the highway.  Its outer rectangular metal shell was plastered with posters for burgers.  The metal had rusted and the windows were stained.  The sign at the front above the drive showed the destination, ‘District 5’.  Inside the wheel arches the tyres had been replaced by bright blue orbs on energy that helped the bus hover.  The bus halted and the driver opened the door.  One by one passengers left and those waiting boarded.  Jacob followed the others on board.  The driver sat behind a clear glass wall in his red uniform.  A thin white glow arched from the driver to the doorway, as each passenger that walked through the arch glowed red.  Jacob walked under and his fare was taken from the red arch.  Jacob headed to the rear of the bus to join the others.  He sat on the ripped grey leather seat opposite a frail old lady.  She looked up from the book she was reading and politely smiled at Jacob, he replied with a smile.
“I don’t get it, with all these exotic buildings and cars why still have an old dank bus?” Jacob murmured to Atreus.
“We have only walked through the lower class district, it’s relatively new compared to where we’re headed.  The further into Region Two we get the more deprived society becomes.  Hidden away from daylight those that live there are more accustom to nocturnal surroundings,” Atreus replied.
Jacob gazed outside as the bus journeyed through the region.  Twisted highways intertwined above the surface between the maze of buildings.  The pulse of light on the roads indicated which way the traffic was travelling.  Alongside the vehicles Jacob had already seen were larger ones.  They almost looked like the empty trucks he had seen burnt out along the highway except these hovered and the cabs were a lot smoother and curved. Each one pulled along a trailer that differed in length.  The trailers contained all sorts of different items from clothes, food to electrical items.  From the quiet coast along the river the Region was becoming a busier, chaotic environment.  
The bus had travelled for two hours through streams of traffic before it left the highway and stopped at their destination.  Atreus pressed the button on rear of the seat in front, a bell rang and the bus driver indicated to the side of the street.  Jacob followed Atreus off the bus.  No natural light reached this part of the Region, instead it was illuminated by the subtle glow of red lights.  The roads were no longer paved with a glass highway, instead they were built from a cracked black asphalt.  Alongside the dropped curb at the side of the road were rows of small blue bulbs that shone through a thin layer of haze.  This helped the modern vehicles hover above the road.  Jacob saw some older cars drive by that had actual wheels.  These were more like what Jacob was accustomed to, although they were not broken and decayed like the ones on the highway.  They looked like they were from an age long before the wars.  Their sleek steel shells painted with all sorts of metallic colours.  The lack of dirt made it easy to keep them clean.
The asphalt streets and slabbed pavements were tightly enclosed by the tall intimidating square buildings.  They were all built from aged red bricks and reached near to the platform above.  The ground floor of most the buildings either comprised of shops, bars or businesses.  Above the buildings millions of residents were housed, many of whom worked in the factories across the river.  Opposite the bus stop Jacob saw a grocery shop, fresh fruit and vegetables were stacked up on wooden benches outside.  Oranges, apples, bananas, many of which Jacob had not seen so fresh.  Next door there was an electronics shop, a purple neon sign reading ’Dave’s Boutique’ hung in the window.  Bright pulsing lights circled the large shop windows.  Jacob took a look inside and saw lots of different computing equipment.  In one window circuit boards and the other tablet computers, mobile phones, most of which Jacob had only seen smashed up in the ruins he had previously walked through.
Beside the shop illuminated by a faint flickering lamp were the stairwells that led to the apartments above.  Stood outside the stairwell dressed in scantily clad clothes were two women concealed in several layers of makeup.  With a cigarette suspended from their mouths they slouched against the doorway and offered their bodies to any man who walked past.  The streets were not as busy as the earlier district.  Despite the needy looks of most of the residents they all had a seedy smile on their face.  The men on the streets grafted in the factories throughout the day and relaxed in the many bars that littered the streets.  Their wives were either working late in the shops or at home putting the children to sleep.  The district itself never slept.
“So, care to enlighten us on our next move?” Gunnar asked.
“There’s a bar across the road, if memory serves me right my old friend should still be running the joint,” Atreus replied.  He looked either side of the road and once the traffic had cleared he walked across with everyone else following.
There was an alley that led to a large opening.  Bars and restaurants surrounded a cobble stoned square.  There was a stone statue of an old man built in the centre.  It had be ruined with cracks, dents and graffiti. ‘Fuck society’, ’go to hell’,” and other colourful words were sprayed over it.  Jacob assumed the statue was one of the older chancellors.  All of the restaurants in the square had closed up for the night, however the bars were still open.  A nightclub stood opposite, loud techno music echoed across the square.  Revellers pilled out onto the square from each bar.  Most were dressed in brightly coloured florescent clothes.  The women either wore small dresses or tight trousers, the men in tight tank tops or baggy hoodies.  They all wore heavy workmen boots regardless of their attire.  
There was a unique large neon sign above the club that lit up the square reading ‘Genesis’.   Atreus led the group across the crowded square and toward the club.  Jacob pushed through the crowd, he bumped into a woman holding a drink.
“Excuse me,” the woman growled as the drink spilt over her.
“Sorry,” Jacob pardoned himself.
“Hey!” A larger chap pushed Jacob in the chest. “You going to buy her another drink?” he snarled.
Gunnar leaned in over Jacob and grabbed the man’s hand.  He crushed it with his own.  “What do you think?” Gunnar smiled.
The man cowered to the floor. “Please, please let go.”
“Tell my friend you’re sorry.”
“Okay, okay I’m sorry, please don’t break my hand,” the man cried.
“Thank you,” Gunnar released his hand. “Now piss off.”
The man rubbed his crushed hand and walked away, the women slapped him around the face and shouted at him.  Gunnar and the others laughed as they walked to the entrance of the club.  The walls underneath the sign were painted with a black effigy of Noah mounted atop the mythical wooden ark.  He stood before the animals in his white robe holding a staff in the air with streaks of lightning falling from the storm clouds.  In the centre of the painting was the arched entrance to the club.  Two tall burly men were positioned either side of the doorway.  They folded their arms over their outreaching stomachs.  They did not move as Jacob walked in behind Atreus. 
The doorway led down a claustrophobic tunnel.  A mixture of red lights from inside the club pulsated against the brick walls.  Posters of various bands peeled from the walls.  The ground vibrated with the beats of the music.  Just before the tunnel opened up there was a queue of people waiting to get inside.  They all joined the queue.  
“Nice move back there,” Jacob laughed to Gunnar.
“Next time be careful where you walk, we won’t always be around to help you out,” Gunnar replied.
The queue moved forward.  A woman sat at an old wooden desk with a monitor behind a chain linked fence that stretched across the end of the tunnel.  Each person that walked past swiped their wrists through a beam of light on the table.  If it flashed green she opened the fence and they entered.  One person in front of Jacob scanned his wrist but the beam flashed red, he swiped it again but with the same result.
“Come on!” he shouted and pushed the fence.
“Sir, leave,” the woman politely asked.
“That’s bullshit you let those in why not me?” He pushed the fence a second time.
“Sir, I won’t ask you again, leave now or you will be forced too.”
“Get bent,” he pointed his middle finger at her.
One of the burly men from outside pushed past Jacob.  He grabbed the man by the arm. “You heard the lady.”  He took a swing at the burly man but missed, in reply he received a blow to the head which caused his nose to break with the impact.  The man screamed as blood streamed from his nose.  The burly man dragged the crying, bleeding man out onto the square.  All five swiped their wrists and were let into the club.
“Nice to see you again,” the woman winked at Atreus.
“Friend?” Caster laughed.
“Keep walking,” Atreus blushed.
The chain link gate opened and they walked through into the large hall.  Clubbers were seated on tables and chairs that surrounded the dancefloor.  The walls were built from granite stone and curved into the low ceiling.  The carpet underneath the tables had been soaked in stale beer and burned with fallen cigarette ash.  At the rear of the room a DJ stood behind his decks on the stage.  Throbbing colours were scattered across the stage and danced with the beat of the music.  Three steps lead down onto the varnished wooden dancefloor were young adults danced closer to each other.  This scene was new to Jacob, the only music he had ever heard was from the folk band in his village.  He saw a young petite woman wearing a very short black skirt and a florescent top that just about covered her chest.  She was dancing with her back turned from the man she was with, she pressed her hips and grinded against the man’s crotch.  Jacob was further impressed when he saw the other women dancing next to the stage.  Enclosed in steel cages their striking half naked bodies were wrapped around a pole in the centre of the cage.
“Wipe the drool from your mouth Jacob,” Gunnar laughed.
Jacob did not hear him at first he was too busy staring.
“Jacob!” Astrid shouted.
Jacob shook his head and looked away, “oh sorry.”  Jacob then watched as Atreus walked in front and chatted to one of the waitresses.  She leaned down to a group of people sat at a table and within seconds they cleared the table.  She smiled to Atreus and walked off.  He waved to the others to join him.  They all sat around the table.
“What exactly did you tell her?” Caster asked.
“I just told her who I was and she quickly got us a table,” Atreus replied.
“Yeah right, she looks almost eighteen, she wouldn’t have even been alive when you were still here,” Gunnar interrupted.
“I told you before, many of the residents of this district dislike the Chancellor.  My name is spoken within the walls of every home here.  Jacob they all know who you are.”
“What do you mean they know who I am?”  Jacob answered.
“Everyone knows the myth of the second born taken to the North,” Atreus looked around and called over the waitress.
“So how can they know me if it’s only a myth.”
“Like most myths people always hold onto that last bit of hope that it’s real.  When they finally know you’re alive the revolution will begin.”
“So why don’t we just tell everyone now?” Jacob sarcastically replied.
“Because they are not ready, and because we are not ready.”
“Atreus is right Jacob, we are slowly gathering our forces in Arcadia.  In a year we will have enough men and women ready to fight that we can approach the Ark.  Our approach will trigger those in this district to begin the fight within,” Caster agreed with Atreus.
“Can I get you all a drink?” the waitress pulled out her small pad of paper to write down their order.
“Just five bottles of beer,” Atreus ordered.  She seductively bent down and whispered in his ear.  He smiled from what she said and kissed her on the lips.  She giggled and walked to the bar.
“What the fu….” Gunnar grunted with jealousy.
“I told you I’m known in these parts,” Atreus winked at Gunnar.
“So if you’re that close to starting your war, why do you need me?” Jacob sat back.
“If we remove the Chancellor from power and bring stability about Pangaea we are still left with one problem.  Since the Ark came into existence mankind has slowly been genetically designed to produce one offspring during their life time, so our population is gradually reducing and within a couple hundred years we will be left with a handful.  Your birth is the exception to the rule, you will give everyone a reason to fight.”
“Inspiring stuff, but if you don’t mind I would like to forget why we’re here and just have a beer,” Astrid reached out and grabbed her bottle of beer from the tray the waitress brought over.
 “Okay, well here’s to a successful evening so far, none of have been shot yet,” Caster held his beer in the air and they all toasted.
The group continued to drink and pass the time.  The lights dimmed in the club to near darkness.  A spot light shone down on the DJ who posed with his arms in the air.  He was dressed in a boiler suit and wore a gas mask on his face.  The entire club fell to silence, clubbers told each other to be quiet as the DJ spoke.
“In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth,” the DJ addressed his audience.  “Now the earth was formless and empty, darkness was over the surface of the deep, and the Spirit of God was hovering over the waters.  And God said, let there be light, and there was light.”
When he finished his speech a slow beat of music increased and the spot light dimed.  Strobes ignited in the ceiling and the beats in the music intensified.  The crowd cheered with their arms raised in the air.  Those sat at the tables had moved onto the dancefloor and the entire club was embraced in the beat of the DJ’s harmony.
The waitress stood at the bar and waved over to Atreus.
“Follow me,” Atreus stood up and they walked over to the waitress.
“He’s ready for you,” the waitress grabbed Atreus’ hand and walked to the rear of the room.  She opened a heavy dark green metal door and led them inside the room on the other side.  Once all inside, she left the room and closed the door behind her.
The room was on a grander scale to the rest of the district.  A thick burgundy carpet swept across the floor.  In the centre of the carpet there was a flattened brown bear carcass rug.  It stared at Jacob with its fearsome snarling teeth.   The walls were split in two, the bottom plastered with a dated floral wallpaper and the top with dark smooth oaks panels.  Paintings of lush landscapes hung either side of the room.  There were two emerald leather sofas and a ruby leather armchair around a wooden coffee table.  Opposite a frail old man stood in front of a fish tank.  He looked much different to everyone else in the district.  He was dressed in a brown chequered suit with polished claret shoes.  His hairline still intact the long white strands rested on his shoulders.  He turned around with his black cane and opened his arms.
“Atreus my boy you have returned,” the man embraced Atreus.
“Hello father,” Atreus received his father’s greeting.
“How many years has it been my boy?” He stepped away.
“Too long,” Atreus grinned.  “Everyone I’d like you to meet my father, Pelops.”
“Nice to meet you,” Caster shook his hand.
Pelops greeted everyone, but when he saw Jacob he paused.  His eyes watered and he wept. “The prophecy is true,” he took Jacob’s hand and knelt before him.  “It is an honour to finally meet you.”
“The honour is mine, Atreus has never talked about his father,” Jacob helped Pelops to his feet.
“You child will give strength to many and hope to everyone,” he released Jacob’s hand and walked over to a glass cabinet, he pulled out a crystal bottle.  “This calls for a celebration, please take a seat.”  Pelops placed the bottle on the table along with six small glasses and sat in the ruby leather chair.  “Tell me how did you get here?” He poured each of them a glass of rare whisky from the bottle as they all took a seat.
“We flew in,” Astrid took her glass.
“You flew in?” Pelops wondered.
“We skydived from a helicopter into the tunnels,” Atreus corrected Astrid.
“Ha, that must have taken you back Atreus, I tell you this boy has done more jumps from aeroplanes then I’ve had hot meals,” Pelops joked.
Gunnar took a sip of his drink and coughed, “that’s a strong drink.”
“That’s a hundred years old, I have drinks in the cellar that are from before the collapse of humanity.  Are they okay to drink I don’t know and I don’t care to find out.  Why have you come?” he asked.
“Esau is holding my mother, and two dear friends of mine, I will not let him harm them,” Jacob called out.
“Two close friends?  I take it one of them being Beth?” Pelops replied.
“You knew her?”
“I only met her once at a function before Atreus fled.  She was such a polite young lady.  I see she brought you up well given you’re here talking to me.  Well what do you want from me? Atreus you walked these streets for many years surely you know where they are kept?”  
“I do but we need help, we will be caught if we simply walk up to the Region Three.  What I need is a diversion, and whatever you can do,” Atreus said.
“I have many men who can help and I’m certain a few who would love to cause a bit of chaos,” Pelops smiled.
“I don’t mean to interrupt but why don’t we help with the diversion, we are near the coast aren’t we?” Astrid spoke up.
“Yeah and ...?” Caster replied.
“What if somehow we break into the control room and divert the Ark there?  Esau will shit himself if he realises the Ark is moving over the ocean.  He would need all his man power to take us down.  Jacob you would have a free run to save them,” Astrid passionately proposed her plan.
“Astrid don’t be absurd,” Atreus countered.
“Atreus…” Pelops stopped Atreus. “The lady has suggested a welcomed idea.  We still have the blueprints of the control chamber, with a couple of my men we… I mean you, can easily break in.  Someone trying to break into there will draw all of Esau troop’s and leave a free path to the prisoners.”
“It’s too risky,” Atreus slammed his glass on the table “Do you have any idea what they will do to you if they catch you?”
“Well I guess we will have to ensure we don’t get caught,” Caster agreed.
“Caster?!” Atreus growled.
“Atreus if we all head there with you and Jacob they will spot us, if we separate we split their attention, and I’m for raising a bit of hell.  So why not go for it?  If we get caught then we get caught, we’ll deal with that if we have to.”
There was a knock at the door and the waitress poked her head around the door.  “Sir, you need to switch your monitors on,” she hesitated.






CHAPTER SIXTEEN


Away from Region Two high up in the central tower the Lord Commander Kaelen was sat in solitary away from the goings on in the Ark.  The room was not too large and a black wool rug lay on the grey marble floor.  The walls were dressed in grey and silver lined wallpaper, a fine brick fireplace stood in the centre of the far wall with a roaring hologram flame.  Opposite, the outside wall was made entirely from glass and gave the perfect view of the horizon.  The ocean touched the rising full moon in the clear night’s sky.  The tower was high enough that it escaped the glow of the lights below.
Kaelen was sat on a stool in front of his easel in his once white overalls, he held a palette with his left hand and painted with his right.  Despite the hectic lifestyle a Lord Commander brought he had always used his painting as a way to escape.  He had spent years adding to the canvas, an oil painting of the world that once was inspired by the music he played from his antique record player.  Vivaldi’s Four Seasons helped him capture the autumn leaves fall gracefully from the red maple trees.  Whilst he enjoyed working under Esau but he always longed to live in peace underneath the watchful eye of nature.
No stroke was rushed, each one brushed with the same amount of care and attention.  He used the same brush for every smudge of paint.  There was an empty glass jar half filled with water to wash his brush after each colour.  An old discoloured sheet sat underneath to protect the marble from spots of paint.  He dabbled the brush in a mixture of brown and red paint and careful decorated the falling leaves with the glow of autumn.  
Kaelen was disturbed by a knock at his door.  At first he ignored it and continued to paint, he was captured in the moment.  There was a second more forceful knock at the door.  Kaelen disapprovingly placed his palette and brush on the side table and lowered his small spectacles.  He walked over to the record player and lifted the tonearm. He removed the record and slipped it into the sleeve.
“Enter,” Kaelen spoke with a deep authority.
An out of breath small and skinny man gracefully opened the hardwood door.  He held a folder full of pictures in his arms.
“How may I help you?” Kaelen asked.
“We thought you would want to see this,” he replied.
“What is it?”
The man walked over to Kaelen. “In the control chamber as you know we track every transaction made in the Ark, and we receive about a thousand warnings a day, most of which are dead beats trying to beat the system.”
“Is there a point to this story?” Kaelen was unamused.
“Yes there is take a look at this,” he handed Kaelen a printed out document.
“What am I looking at?” Kaelen used his glasses to examine the documents.
“That is the list of exceptions we have received today, it records the name used, date, time and type of transaction.  If a name crops up on our database that is flagged it will show up here.  Look down at what we’ve highlighted.”
Kaelen used his finger to scroll down the piece of paper.  “That son of a bitch.”  Mid way down the page one name stood out, ‘Oswald Anderson’, Kaelen’s son.  Except he had died a year ago.  “Please tell me you have captured them!” Kaelen’s voice rose, he knew straight away Atreus would somehow be behind this.
“Not yet, but we have tracked their movements and have narrowed down their location to district five.  Here, we captured these pictures from the bus they travelled on,” he handed Kaelen two pictures.  
The first picture was taken from the front of the bus, it showed the figures of people walking to the back of the bus.  The second was a grainy image of Atreus.
“So we built a city in the sky and you mean to tell me we can’t even take a decent photograph on a bus!”  Kaelen shouted.
“Sir with all respect those buses are old, the technology on them hasn’t been updated in fifty years.”
“Who else knows?”  Kaelen handed back the photos.
“Only myself and two others who were in the control room at the time.  I came straight here as soon as I saw the name.  Sir, what do you want us to do next?”
“Lock down the control room, no one leaves and no one enters.  My battalion are stationed in their barracks below.  Wake them,” Kaelen unbuttoned his overalls.
“What shall I tell them?”
“Tell them to suit up and prepare to leave, after the disaster of yesterday I need my best men.”
“And what about Esau?”
“What about Esau? I will keep him notified as I see fit.”
“Very well,” the man left the room.
Kaelen walked to the window and looked out to the ocean.  He banged his fist against the window and smirked. “Welcome home Atreus.”






CHAPTER SEVENTEEN


Pelops had lifted the rug in the middle of his room, he stepped on a wooden panel and the middle of the floor separated.  There was a low hum as a metallic orb rose from beneath.  Twice the size of a human head the orb hovered four feet in the air.  Atreus, Jacob, Caster and Astrid all gathered around the orb.  Gunnar crossed his legs and sat back.  He decided to enjoy the fine whiskey, he did not get many opportunities to relax in such exquisite comfort.
“So how do you work this thing?” Jacob asked.
“Watch,” Pelops placed his hand on the orb.
Nothing happened at first, Astrid and Caster looked at each other and shrugged.  After a couple of minutes a spark ignited beneath the orb.  It twinkled in the air as it climbed toward the orb.  The particles separated and spread out across the circumference of the orb.  The light gathered around Pelops hand and the metallic structure dissolved.  Left behind were images of the streets outside.  The orb became a spherical monitor.  Pelops moved the image with his hand weaving through the streets until he came to the square outside.
“I didn’t see many cameras outside, how are you getting this much detail?” Jacob wondered.
“That’s because there aren’t any.  With this I am able to control millions of miniature specs of reflective light.  We have far more advanced technology then the candles you used in the snow,” Pelops laughed.
“You may joke but that candle has gotten me through many cold nights,” Jacob joked back.
Pelops zoomed in on the square, at first all he could see were the usual revellers in each bar.  There was no sign of any trouble, that was until he moved the picture and the swarms of people ran inside the bars.  From off the street twelve mean looking soldiers approached.  All of them were dressed in black and bronze coloured military suits.  They all wore black round helmets with a featureless bronze faceplate.  Strapped around their shoulders were machine guns.  They marched in formation to the front of the club.
“I’m assuming with the Guardians showing up outside that Kaelen knows you’re here?” Pelops panned out to get a wider view of the Guardians.
“What’s with their ridiculous faceplates?” Astrid smirked.
“Except for the Lord Commander the Guardians are the faceless protectors of the Ark, they are the elite few trained to protect the Chancellor at all costs,” Atreus explained.
The two rows of Guardians stopped, they turned and faced each other.  They left enough space for Kaelen to appear at the rear.  He stood powerfully in his chrome plated armour.  Kaelen did not carry a projectile weapon, instead a large samurai sword was drawn at his side.  Rather than a faceless helmet Kaelen wore a chrome spiked headpiece with a golden trim.  He looked very much the leader as he paced down the line of men.
“Wow all they need now is to roll out the red carpet,” Astrid continued to joke.
“Astrid I wouldn’t be laughing too much, if Kaelen has decided to show up then they mean some serious business.” Atreus frowned.
The image on the orb grew murky just as the room went dark.  They were swept in a blanket of darkness except for the faint light from the orb.  There were cries of panic from the other side of the door.
“They’ve cut the power,” Pelops stepped back.
“Why would they cut the power?” Jacob asked.
“To draw us out dumb ass!” Gunnar shouted from behind.
“He’s correct,” Pelops looked back at Gunnar.  “First they will wait for you to walk outside and if you don’t appear then they will come and get you.”
“So you’re saying we can either walk outside peacefully or we can sit back here and wait for them to walk in here with their large guns?” Astrid sarcastically spoke.
“You all know what I vote for,” Gunnar poured himself another drink.
“And me,” Astrid agreed.
“Calm down, neither of those are options.  Believe it or not there are other ways out of this place.  I’d say we have at most five minutes before they enter,” Pelops said.
“So how else can we escape?” Caster asked.
“Behind the bar is a staircase that leads down into the cellar.  Inside the cellar you can crawl into the sewer and escape into the street.  From there split up and head to your destinations.  Atreus you take Jacob and head to the tower.”
“What about us three? Unfortunately we don’t have the extensive knowledge of the layout of the Ark like Atreus.” Caster asked.
Pelops rolled up his sleeve and unfastened a watch-like band from his wrist.  He pressed a button on the side of the strap and a virtual keypad lit up.  Pelops pressed several digits and the keypad vanished and was replaced with a map.  A red line moved through the roads on the map until it stopped at a location.
“That is where you need to go, just press this button at the side and the map will appear,” Pelops handed Caster the watch.
“Thanks,” Caster fastened the watch on his wrist.  “But what about weapons, we can’t raid the control chamber unarmed.”
“I own a club in this part of the district of course I have weapons, they are in the cellar.  Now come on they will be entering any moment.”
Pelops carefully led the way out of the room and into the main hall.  The hall was pitch black.  The only light they could see was from the glow sticks a few of the clubbers had around their heads.  The Guardians outside had refused to let anyone leave.  Everyone inside the club was huddled together in a hushed silence.  Pelops felt his way against the wall and toward the bar.  A light appeared from the tunnel that led into the club.  It fluttered its way through the tunnel and into the hall.  It momentarily hung in the air above everyone’s head.
“Keep your heads down and close your eyes,” Atreus called out.
They all dropped their heads and closed their eyes.  Everyone else in the club looked up and were mesmerized by the splendour of the dancing light.  It gradually brightened and detonated into a blinding flash.  The crowd of people screamed as they were temporally blind.  Pelops opened his eyes once the flash had evaporated, he lifted the latch to the bar and crawled behind.  The murky glow from flashlight at the end of the Guardians guns flickered through the tunnel.
“Quick,” Pelops whispered, he hurried them all behind the bar.  The back wall was crammed with shelves of beer bottles, the other side contained hundreds of empty glasses.  The floor was sticky with stale alcohol.  Pelops moved tiles from the flooring and lifted the door to the cellar.  “All of you climb into the cellar, from there you will find your escape.”
“You are coming aren’t you?” Atreus was the last to climb down.
“Atreus I’m a frail old man, I cannot run around like you,” Pelops held Atreus’ hand.
“But father if you stay they will kill you!” Atreus raised his voice.
“Please son go, we all have to make a sacrifices in life and follow our destiny, and I have seen mine, now it is time for you to see yours.  I will buy you enough time that you can escape without detection.”
“We can all escape without detection,” Atreus was not willing to let his father go.
“Atreus leave, they will soon have this whole district on lock down and the streets will be riddled with soldiers.”
“Everyone get down to your knees and put your arms behind your head!” Two Guardians marched into hall.  
They aimed their guns at the clubbers.  Pelops and Atreus lay silent.  The Guardians slowly inspected each clubber one by one.  Once they had seen it was not one of the wanted they pushed the person aside.
“Go,” Pelops pushed Atreus’ hand away.
Atreus smiled and lowered himself into the cellar.  Pelops closed the door behind him.  He carefully relayed the tiles and crawled from out the bar.
“Elli you have given me age, Vör you gave me wisdom, but now I ask Odin lead me into Valhalla,” Pelops whispered to himself.  He took a deep breath and climbed to his feet.  He held his arms in the air.  The Guardians quickly pointed their loaded guns at Pelops.  “I’m assuming it’s me you’re looking for,” he sneered.
“Don’t move!” The closest Guardian shouted.
Atreus stepped from the ladder into the cellar.  It was hot and humid inside, there was very little visibility amongst the dust.  Caster used the map on his wrist to give them some visibility. 
“Where’s Pelops?” Caster asked Atreus.
Atreus lay against the ladder and rested his head. “He’s helping us escape.”
“By getting caught?” Jacob asked.
“He knows what’s he doing, now come on let’s get moving,” Atreus pushed past Jacob. “The weapons, where are they?” 
“Here,” Caster threw Atreus a rifle. “We found them behind the barrels, three rifles and two pistols.”
Gunnar threw two barrels across the floor, behind them were wooden panels.  Gunnar used the butt of the gun against the panels.  After three attempts the panels cracked.  He dropped the gun and used his elbow to remove the remaining wood.  He stood back in disgust.
“That smells awful,” Gunnar held his nose.
“It is the sewer,” Astrid laughed.  She walked up to him and nudged him in the back. “Go on then.”
“I’m not going first,” Gunnar refused.
“Gunnar just get your ass in there now!” Caster ordered.
“Christ sake,” Gunnar murmured to himself.  He ducked and climbed into the dank sewer.  He crouched as the ceiling was too low to stand up fully.  The entire sewer was built from old cobblestone, moss grew between the cracks in the stones.  Gunnar’s feet were submerged in three inches of dirty slimy water.  To his horror he saw a lump of faeces floating near his foot.
Above Atreus could hear the heavy footsteps of the Guardians taking his father away as they all entered the sewer.  Caster made his way to the front and led the way with the map.  The sewer continued around a corner until they came to steps on the left.
“Gunnar,” Caster held his arm out, “lead the way,” he smirked.
“Seriously?” Gunnar snarled.
“Yes Gunnar,” Caster glared.
Gunnar huffed, he moved his right foot from the water and placed it onto the first step.  He went to move his left but his right foot slipped.  He lost his balance and stumbled into the water.  His legs were soaked by the dirty water.  Astrid let out a howl as the others smirked.
“Shut up and help me,” Gunnar held his hand out for Astrid to help him up.
“Astrid you lead the way, Gunnar wipe yourself off,” Caster laughed.
Astrid kept her balance and slowly ascended the slippery steps.  They led to a narrow doorway.  A rusty green metal door within the doorway was padlocked.
“Sir, we have an issue,” Astrid called back.
“What is it?” Caster asked.  Astrid moved aside so they could see the padlock, “Gunnar!” Caster shouted.
Gunnar managed to navigate the steps and saw the padlock.  He hurriedly walked at the door and kicked the lock.  The frail old chain cracked and the door flew open.  It opened up into a darkened alleyway.  The power throughout the district had been cut, the only luminosity came from vague red emergency lights at the end of each street corner.  They huddled around Caster as he inspected the map.
“I guess our time together is up?” Atreus pointed to the map. “Caster you three will need to head in this direction, myself and Jacob will go in the opposite,” he broke the huddle.
“Jacob it’s been how can I say it… eventful knowing you,” Astrid hugged Jacob and kissed him on the cheek.
“This is why women should stay at home,” Gunnar laughed, he shook Jacobs’s hand. “Take care of yourself.”
“Jacob, this isn’t goodbye, I know we will see each other very soon, you just find your mother and get out of here.  Atreus don’t let anything happen to him,” Caster embraced Jacob.
“Before we separate, there is one thing you have forgot to mention,” Atreus passed.
“And what would that be?” Caster asked.
“Well how exactly how do you expect us to escape the Ark?” Atreus enquired.
“Those bands I gave you…Max has been listening in all this time. He would have set the helicopter down away from the Ark and will return once he knows we are ready to leave, so long as we steer clear of any trouble.  If all else fails there will be a fishing boat just off shore that has been travelling here ever since we decided to come to the Ark.  Either way we are getting out of this place.  Good luck,” Caster firmly shook Atreus’ hand.
Caster, Astrid and Gunnar disappeared at the end of the alleyway and followed the map.
“Just and me you left then boy,” Atreus turned around and walked to the other end.
Jacob followed Atreus along the narrow dark alleyway, sporadic specs of rain fell from the fire escapes above.  Damp clothes hung along the unlit windows.  A wheelie bin had been thrown to the floor with rubbish spilled out into a puddle.  Atreus crept to the end of the alley and peered around the corner.  To the left it led into the square.
“Wait there,” Atreus held his hand out to Jacob.
Crowds of people were crammed into the bars around the square.  Atreus saw his father stood in the middle of the square.  He was surrounded by the twelve Guardians and one of whom had his rifle firmly aimed at his head.
“Lower your weapon,” Kaelen commanded.
The Guardian lowered his weapon and moved back into formation.  Pelops was not tied up or under any restraint, he rested his weight against his cane.  Kaelen walked up to Pelops and spoke to him.  Atreus could not make out what was being said.  Jacob peered behind Atreus’ shoulder to take a look.
“Atreus that’s your father, come on let’s get him,” Jacob whispered.
“Don’t be stupid Jacob they will kill us in an instant if they see us, let’s go,” Atreus turned his back and inspected the other way.
“Atreus!” Jacob hissed.
“I call out to my brother in arms, show yourself!” Kaelen shouted.
Atreus halted and rested his arm against the wall.  He lowered his head.
“Atreus there is no escape, show yourself and deliver us the boy.  We will spare your father.”  Kaelen drew his sword and placed the tip on Pelops shoulder.  “Kneel,” he ordered.
“Atreus they are going to kill him!” Jacob looked back at Atreus.
“Jacob we must go,” Atreus replied.
“But…” 
“Now!” Atreus yelled.
Jacob watched for a few more moments.  Kaelen moved his sword from Pelops shoulder and used it to lower his head.  He raised the sword in the air.
“Atreus this is your last warning!” Kaelen shouted one last time.
“Jacob,” Atreus grabbed Jacob and moved him forward away from the square.  They both left Pelops.
Kaelen kept his word, with one clean strike he struck Pelops with his sword.  The blade cut through his neck with one perfect slice.  Pelops head dropped from his body and rolled on the floor.  Blood seeped from the wound out onto the square.  His body tumbled into a heap.  There was a gasp from the onlookers.
“Be not afraid people, this man before you was a traitor to the Ark.  He believed in an ideology to destroy the way we live!” Kaelen shouted to all those present in the square.  He wiped the blood from the sword against Pelops’ corpse and returned the weapon to its sleeve.  “Clean this up,” he said to the Guardian on his right.
A stool was thrown from the crowd and crumpled at the feet of Kaelen.  It was quickly followed by a barrage of glass bottles.  The Guardians pointed their weapons at the approaching angry mob.
“Sir, do we have permission to shoot?” One of the Guardians asked.
“Under no circumstance do any of you fire your weapon.  The last thing we need is a riot on or hands.  Lock down the district, I want every inch of this cesspool searched!” Kaelen walked away from the angry crowd.  
Metal shutters rolled down across every club and restaurant.  Those inside were temporarily locked in.
Atreus and Jacob walked out onto the street.  The once busy area had fallen into silence.  The lockdown had resulted in all residents returning to their homes.  Shutters were quickly pulled down on all business premises.  The towers of apartments were isolated into darkness.  An empty eerie gust of wind echoed between the buildings.
“Exactly how far have we got to travel?” Jacob asked.
“We need to reach Region three.  About a mile ahead at the edge of this district is one of the Region supports, we will be able to climb up the service ladder,” Atreus replied.
They both kept as close as possible to the sides of the streets.  Despite the fact that there was no power bright bursts of energy occasionally ran along the roads.  The tiny flicker of light illuminated all that it past only but for a split second.  With each one that came past Atreus pushed Jacob to one side.  A burst of energy rushed past them but stopped twenty metres after.  The ball of energy halted and focused all its momentum on a man curled up underneath a shop window.  It scanned his body up and down.  Once the scan was complete the burst of energy turned away and continued along the street.
“If one of those things catches us I’m sure you can gather what will happen,” Atreus stared at Jacob.
“Yes I do,” Jacob nodded back.
After walking for a couple more minutes Jacob saw a dark shadow ahead.  The large steel support rose from the end of the street and pierced through the platform above.  Jacob could see the ladders they had to climb to reach the top.  He was slightly more confident about these ladders then the ones he had previous climbed down a few days ago.  Each step was lit up with tiny white lights.  This would make climbing the supports easier in the darkness.
Another burst of energy made its way down the street.  Atreus hid away but Jacob was too busy looking at the giant support.  It stopped and Jacob panicked, before he could move the ball of energy shone red, it made an odd bleeping sound.  Atreus grabbed his rifle and shot the ball.  The energy faded and sparks crackled from the metal ball left behind.  It dropped and shattered as it hit the floor.
“Go!” Atreus shouted.
Atreus pushed Jacob forward and they ran to the end of the street.  As they neared the end the ground shook.  From around the corner came a sight neither wanted to see.  A Mech marched heavily into view.
“Shit!” Jacob shouted.
The Mech was engulfed with a radiant energy as its weapons warmed up.  Up ahead Atreus saw an opening that lead into a stairwell where a steel barred door was locked.  When he reached it Atreus repeatedly used his shoulder to bang against the door.
“Dammit,” Atreus grumbled, the door would not budge.  Before he could have one last attempt the Mech’s weapons were ready.  “Get down!” he pulled Jacob.
Bullets ripped apart the shops and lower apartments.  Jacob and Atreus lay on the floor with their heads sheltered by their hands.  Loose rubble rained on their bodies.  To their luck the bullets fractured the hinges on the door and it fell to the ground.
“Come on,” Atreus picked up Jacob and they ran through the door and up the concrete steps.  There was just enough light for Jacob to make out each step.  They reached the fourth floor and stopped to catch their breath.
“What now?” Jacob huffed.
“If we hurry down this hallway we should be able to reach the end of the district and get to the support.”
“And what about that son of a bitch outside?”
“If we are quick enough we can get past without it spotting us,” Atreus opened the wooden door into the darkened hallway.  
It stretched all the way along the street.  Dated patterned cream wallpaper peeled from the walls.  Every apartment door was locked shut as they paced through the dark.  Half-way down Atreus heard a flicker.
“Wait,” he stopped Jacob.
Another burst of energy from the street had followed them up the stairwell.  There was nowhere to hide.  It reached the fourth floor and immediately glowed red as its gaze fell upon them.
“What now?” Jacob moaned again.
They could hear the growl from the Mech’s weapons as a shower of bullets and rockets teared through the apartments.  Atreus threw Jacob to the floor and lay next to him.  He covered Jacob’s head with his arms and kept his head down.  They were bombarded with fragments of plasterboard.  Screams from the residents reverberated throughout the hallway.  
“Go…go,” Atreus pushed Jacob forward.
“But…” Jacob worriedly looked back at Atreus.
“Run!” Atreus ordered.
Jacob took a big gulp and looked behind.  The bullets had moved down the hallway, the path in front was free from the Mech’s firepower, the only obstacles that stood in his was were the debris that littered the floor.  With all his strength Jacob pulled himself to his feet and ran towards the end of the hallway.  He looked to his left and could see the devastation the Mech had caused.  Huge holes had been ripped into the walls.  Ceilings in the apartments had caved in.  Beds, chairs and tables were torn apart.  He caught a glimpse of a man huddled over his wailing family.  The man had been shot several times in the back but refused to move in order to protect his loved ones.  Jacob came to a halt at the end of the hallway and hit the wall with a thud.  He slid down to his knees to keep out of sight.  Jacob waved to Atreus, it was his turn.
Atreus closed his eyes momentarily and took a deep breath.  At this point the Mech was moving back towards Atreus continuing with its barrage on the apartments.  Atreus stood up and ran to Jacob.
“What now?” Jacob asked Atreus as he too slumped to his knees.
“Well we need an electromagnetic pulse to put that bitch to its knees.”
“And exactly how do you suppose we do that?  In case you didn’t noticed Caster never packed us a bomb,” Jacob laughed.
The Mech had stopped firing, but was now searching each apartment it had opened up for any sign of them.
“With the right parts I can make a small pulse that is just powerful enough to temporarily disable the Mech.  We just need to find them.  If you look in the apartment on our left I’ll search to the right.”
“But what am I looking for?” Jacob asked.
“The people in this district don’t live to the same standards as the rest of the Region.  Their possessions are older…”
“Can you get to the point?” Jacob interrupted.
“Basically I need an old electronic device, something like a camera or a small portable television, you think you can find one?”
“I’ll try,” Jacob turned away and crawled through the damaged doorway.
“Oh and Jacob, stay down,” Atreus crawled through the opposite doorway.
Jacob crept over fragments of glass.  He had to be careful not to slice open his arms.  Dust swept throughout the apartment leaving little visibility of his surroundings.  Jacob covered his mouth as he coughed.  He reached forward and pulled himself along the floor, to his displeasure he placed his hand in a damp patch on the once cream carpet.  On closer inspection he saw that the damp patch was actually fresh blood.  To Jacob’s right there was a tattered grey couch, hung over the edge was an old man’s arm.  Blood dripped along the lifeless arm and onto the carpet.  Jacob did not look up at the body, he could not bear to see the innocent life that had been taken away.  
The broken glass on the carpet vibrated with each step the Mech took.  Jacob froze for a moment as he saw the Mech through a crack in the wall.  Surely if he could see it then it could see him.  Quickly he rolled over out of view, Jacob winced as the sharp glass pierced his skin.  He ignored the seeping blood and scanned the room for a television.  In the far corner of the room stood an old wooden cabinet untouched from the bullets.   Inside the cabinet was a television.  All Jacob had to do was break it and remove the circuit board from the rear - easier said than done.  Any sudden sounds and the Mech was sure to react.  The walls to other apartments had broken away with the barrage of firepower.  Jacob saw a clear opportunity, he grabbed a loose fragment of rubble that lay on the carpet.  He aimed his arm at the hole in the wall.  Would the rubble land within a hidden family? Jacob could not be sure but he could not think about it, this was his only choice.  He steadied his arm and threw the rubble.  As soon as it landed and the Mech moved that would be his opportunity.
The thrown rubble flew through a damaged apartment and clipped on cracked inner wall.  Plaster board broke away and shattered a handful of tiles in a bathroom.  The noise caught the attention of the Mech and it released a round of bullets.  With his opportunity arisen Jacob kicked the cabinet legs and the television crashed to the floor.  The plastic shell shattered and the circuits spilled out onto the floor.  Jacob quickly rummaged through the plastic and pulled out the main circuit board.  Discreetly he crawled along the carpet and into the hallway.  He rested against the wall and waited for Atreus to return.  Whilst Jacob waited he removed a fragment of glass from his arm and wiped away the small trickle of blood.
A breathless Atreus returned to Jacob.  He sat against the wall and dropped all sorts of components on the floor.  Jacob added his circuit board to the collection.
“Excellent,” Atreus inspected the board.  He wrapped a loose copper wire around a metal rod and secured the end of the wire to a cylindrical component on the circuit board.  “Now all I have to do is place this battery against the board and there’s our charge.”
“That’s brilliant and all, but how do you plan on getting close enough to the Mech?” Jacob asked.
“Well I need you to create me a diversion,” Atreus smiled.
“A diversion! Are you mad?” Jacob angrily replied.
“Jacob, all you have to do is reach the stairwell and I will take care of the rest.  Come on,” Atreus rose to his feet.
Jacob huffed and climbed to his feet.  He trembled with fear as he saw the Mech through the broken walls.  “Here goes,” Jacob focused on the stairwell and leapt forward.  The Mech picked up Jacob’s movement and opened fire.  Jacob kept his head down to shield himself from the splintering plaster board.  He reached the stairwell and jumped through the doorway.  The concrete structure remained unscathed.
With the Mech distracted Atreus ran through the apartment containing the deceased old man laid on the couch.  He peered his head through the shattered window for a way down onto the street.  A couple of feet from the window he saw a drainpipe.  Atreus removed any remaining fragments of glass from the window and climbed onto the frame.  He reached out to the drainpipe but it was just out of his grasp.  With no hesitation he leapt towards the drainpipe, his right hand gripped around the pipe and the rest of his body crashed against the wall.  His grip did not hold and he slipped down the pipe and tumbled to the floor.
Atreus was winded from the fall but he continued none the less.  He stumbled to his feet and pulled the makeshift bomb out his pocket; it was still intact.  At this point the Mech had stopped firing at Jacob.  The Mech would hear Atreus as soon as he started moving but he had no choice.  He ran as quickly as he could.  The Mech rotated and instantly opened fire at Atreus.  The bullets landed behind Atreus and he slid underneath the machine.  Reacting quickly he placed the battery on the circuit board and smashed the bomb against the belly of the Mech.
Atreus rolled along the floor to escape the disabled machine.  The palm of his hand had been burned by the small pulse.  Sparks ignited from the belly of the Mech.  Its guns lowered and its legs gave way.  The Mech fell forwards and crashed into the apartments.
“Jacob!” Atreus shouted.
Jacob appeared from the bottom of the stairwell and walked out onto the street.  Atreus rushed over to the Mech to find the pilots.  Blood dripped out from the Mech and began to pool on the floor.  Both of the occupants inside had been crushed under the weight of the Mech.  
“Well that’s the end of them,” Atreus smirked.
“What’s our next step?” Jacob asked out of breath.
“We climb,” Atreus nodded to the support that was insight at the end of street.  “Quick, we need to move now, others will be here soon enough.
They both ran away from the ruined apartments and headed to their next destination.  It only took a couple of minutes to reach the end of the street where they came to a T-junction.  Opposite there was an old two story brick building surrounded by artificial grass and a chain linked fence.  There was a broken wooden sign the hung from one rusty hung at the front which read: ‘District 5 Junior School’.  Faded crisp packets and corroded drink cans littered the grass.  From the middle of the school the support rose upwards.
“Well that’s sure is an unusual place,” Jacob pointed at the support.
“Whilst kids may be adventurous something that tall would be just too daunting for a child to climb, so I’d say it’s the perfect place.”  Atreus walked across the street.
Jacob followed behind Atreus.  The school was covered in darkness, and there wasn’t a soul in sight.  They walked up the steps at the front and Atreus pushed open the double glass doors.  He turned on a flashlight he pulled out from his pocket.  It barely brightened up the pitch black hallway but it was just enough for them to see a path.  They walked down the hallway together and toward the courtyard where the support stood.  Children’s hand painted collages were scattered across the walls.  Empty benches sat below vacant school pegs, except for one lonely coat that swayed silently in the breeze from the courtyard.
A shadow walked past the door to the courtyard.  Atreus quickly switched off his flashlight and they both ducked out of view.  Jacob accidently kicked over a metal bin.  Screwed up pieces of paper rolled along the floor.
“Dammit,” Jacob panicked.
“Quick get in here,” Atreus pulled Jacob into a classroom.
The shadow opened the courtyard door to inspect where the noise came from.  It was one guard, his heavy footsteps echoed in the hallway.  He bent down and picked up the bin.  Atreus looked at Jacob and put his finger against his mouth.  The classroom door was ajar, the guard peered his head in and scanned the room.  Atreus quietly slid his crouched body along the floor.  He lifted his foot in the air and with all his strength he kicked the door.  It slammed the guards head against the doorframe, he screamed in agony and fell to the floor.  Atreus quickly reacted and kicked the guard in the head.  His cries soon stopped and he lay still on the floor.
“Come on,” Atreus signed to Jacob to get up.
They walked out into the courtyard.  Stone steps spiralled downwards to the blackened steel support.  It was twenty feet wide and rose up at slight angle into the platform above.  Iron bars were placed half a metre apart along the side on the support.  The iron bars led through the platform and to the region above.
“Jacob, you first,” Atreus ordered.
“Really?” Jacob moaned.
“Yes, that way if you fall I can catch you,” Atreus smiled.
“Ok then if you say so,” Jacob grabbed the iron bar in front of him and began climbing.





CHAPTER EIGHTEEN


Caster had been following the map from his wrist for half-an-hour with no sign that they were being followed.  The map had taken them across the district lines and into an industrial estate.  The three were stood a quarter of a mile away from an intimidating fortress, which stood upon a dried muddy embankment.  The fortress was a tall square stone structure surrounded by large iron walls.  At both corners stood guard towers that reached above the wall.  Both towers were occupied with guards who moved a search light across the front of the building.  Caster could see no doors or windows in the fortress.  The castle-like building had no visible entry.
“Please correct me if I’m wrong but there’s no way we are getting in that?” Gunnar pointed out.
“Be patient Gunnar, let me figure this map out, there has to be a way in there somewhere,” Caster replied.  He continued to inspect the map for a way in.
Astrid grabbed his arm. “Keep it still let me have a look for moment.”  She looked closely at the map using her finger to guide her eyes.   “There,” she shouted excitedly, “it must be a service entrance or something but I’d say that’s our way in.”
“What about the lights?” Gunnar hesitated.
“If we’re quick enough then we can get in undetected,” Astrid replied.
“Then let’s go for it,” Caster switched off the map and took no time in heading forward.
All three kept their heads down and slowly approached the embankment.  They had to time their run perfectly if they were to avoid getting caught.  There were at least twenty or so metres of dirt to sneak across before they reached the embankment.  Caster was the first to go, he took long strides to arrive quickly across the dirt.  Astrid was next to follow, she ran as quickly as she could but tripped over a large stone.  She tumbled to the floor with her head in the dirt.  The search light approached near, Astrid panicked she tried to move but her body did not respond.
“Christ sake,” Gunnar murmured to himself.  He dashed along the dirt and grabbed Astrid by the waist.  He dragged her along the floor and narrowly avoided being spotted by the guards.  Gunner threw Astrid against the embankment and into safety.
“Watch your step next time,” Gunner grunted.
“What would I do without you?” Astrid smiled as she wiped the dirt from her face.
“If we continue along this path we should come to the opening,” Caster pointed ahead.
They walked in single file along the embankment until they reached the opening.  The service tunnel looked more like a sewer pipe.  The corrugated steel hollow cylinder reached out from the embankment just above their heads.  Thin strips of vines grew from out the pipe and dangled to the floor.  Droplets of water trickled from the pipe and into a puddle.
“I’d say this is more of a sewer then a service entrance,” Gunnar looked at the discoloured water with distaste.
“Unless you have any other ideas then I’d suggest you help us up,” Caster frowned.
Gunnar huffed, as he was the tallest and could almost see into the pipe.  He held his hands out to help lift the other two.  Caster went up first followed by Astrid.  She held her hand out to help lift Gunnar.
“Woman please,” Gunnar shook his head, he moved Astrid’s hand away and lifted himself up into the pipe.
Inside it was tall enough even for Gunnar to stand up straight.  The bottom was slippery with the steady stream of water and there was a stale smell coming from deep within the pipe.  Caster used his torch so they could see where they were headed.  It was pretty much the same for the next few minutes.  There was no clear sign of how far the pipe travelled, that was until they spotted another light appear in front of them.  It came from the roof of the pipe.  Caster sharply switched off his flashlight.  The light ahead shone through a grate and a silhouette of a man appeared.  He stood still for a moment before moving on.  Soon the light switched off.
“There’s our way out,” Caster walked quickly to the grate.  He reached up to see if he could move it and found that, thankfully, it was not bolted down.  He easily lifted up the grate and slid it across the floor.
“Need another lift up?” Gunnar asked reluctantly.
“I got it this time,” Caster replied.
Caster used both his hands to lift his body out the pipe and into the room above.  When his head popped up he quickly scanned the space to make sure no one else was there.  It was an empty bathroom, there was a row of unused cubicles and sinks running along the wall.
“You see anything?” Astrid called up.
“No the coast is clear,” Caster answered.  He cautiously approached the doorway and looked up and down the corridor but there was no sign of the man that was there a moment before.  Astrid and Gunnar joined him.
“Which way?” Astrid asked.
Caster switched on the map, he used his fingers to zoom in on the building they were in.  “I’d say that lift will take us to where we need to go,” Caster pointed to a lift in the centre of the corridor.
Caster walked out into the dark corridor and they followed it until they saw the lift.  Oddly enough there was still no sign of any guards.  It almost seemed too easy.  The lift was housed behind a large sliding cage door.  It was big enough to fit a tank inside never mind the three of them.  A flickering lamp dangled from the roof of the carriage.  Caster pressed a big red button to the side of the door.  There was a loud alarm bell as the cage slid open.  On the panel inside there were only two options, lower ground or upper ground.  Caster hit the upper ground button and the cage door closed behind them.  The carriage shuddered and creaked.  Heavy duty chains either side of the lift jolted and they started to winch upwards.
“Exactly what do you plan on doing if we end up standing in front of a room full of guards?” Astrid wondered.
“Release a shit storm of pain,” Gunnar joked.
“Really funny Gunnar, but seriously do you actual have a plan on what to do?”
“Look around Astrid, we haven’t come close to seeing anyone, by now they will all be out searching for Jacob and Atreus, they won’t give two shits about us three.  Why else do you think no one is here?” Gunnar replied.
“The man has a point Astrid.  I’d say they have minimal staff working here tonight.  Esau cannot afford to have Jacob’s presence known throughout the Ark, it would cause mass hysteria.  According to this map when we reach the top there will be a control room overlooking this facility. Gunnar, once we have control I want you to find the weapons room, they must have one up there in case of emergencies.  You rig this lift with as many explosives as you can find.  If re-enforcements come up then we send them straight back down,” Caster ordered.
“Got it,” Gunnar said with a cheeky grin on his face.
“Astrid I want you to work on a signal to Max, if we can somehow relay a message to him then perhaps he can pick us up from the roof of this place.”
“Pick us up?  They will shoot him down the moment he approaches the city walls,” Astrid countered.
“Then you had better hope I can take out their communications and navigation.  Now when we get to the top get moving, if there are guards up there they will be spooked at first by our appearance.”
The carriage slowed down as it reached the top.  The exit was narrower than the entrance.  They halted and the cage opened.  Caster peered from out the exit at the surroundings.  There was yet another dark corridor with a light near the end.  Caster signalled to the others to move out.  With their backs against the cold concrete wall they sneaked through the dark.  Stood in the beam of light two guards were placed either side of a doorway.  Caster stopped suddenly and Astrid accidently stood on Gunnar’s foot.
“What is it?” Gunnar grunted.
“Sorry,” Astrid whispered back.
“Quiet,” Caster grumbled.
“What you going to do?” Astrid asked.
“Stay in the shadows and keep quiet, if they can’t hear us then we can sneak up on them.  Whatever you do don’t fire a weapon, we don’t know who else is behind that door.”
Caster moved first, he took each step with care to stay hidden in the dark.  Astrid stayed back and Gunnar followed behind Caster.  Any noise they made was cloaked by a trembling hum from the generators to the complex.
Caster stopped, he stood up tall and prepared to attack.  He signalled to Gunnar to stand next to him.  They both clenched their fists and ran from out the shadows to take the guards by surprise.  Caster punched the nearest guard square in the face, his head fell back and hit the wall He collapsed to the floor unconscious.  Gunnar instantly broke the other guard’s jaw, teeth scattered across the floor as he was sent flying along the corridor.  Gunnar quickly stood over him and elbowed him in the temple to make sure he would not get up.
“Easy,” Caster moved Gunnar away from the guard.  He wandered through the doorway and walked out onto a metal grated walkway.  It overlooked the control room.  Fifteen feet below the walkway there were two rows of computers manned by several people who were dressed in dull grey jumpsuits.  There were also four guards stood in each corner of the room.  Opposite from Caster was a huge glass panel that overlooked the district they had just walked through, that was now eclipsed in darkness.
“What do you see?” Gunnar asked.
Caster stepped back. “So far I can see eight workers manning computers who by the looks of it won’t be much of an issue.  The only issue will be the four guards who are stood around the room.  So I count us being outnumbered by one.”
“Nonsense, we stand at an elevated position, I say we walk in there take out a couple of the guards and the others will surrender,” Gunnar expressed.
“And what if the computer geeks are armed?” Astrid was unsure with Gunnar’s idea.
“Then we do something to catch them off guard.”
“And how do you plan on doing that Gunnar?” Astrid raised her eyebrows.
“Grab your weapon and watch,” Gunnar walked to the guard Caster had knocked out.  He picked him up with one arm and dragged him through the walkway. Then he lifted him in the air.
“Here we go,” Caster huffed and armed his weapon.
Gunnar hung the guard’s body over the metal rail above one of the desks.  The guard opened his eyes and panicked when he realised he was suspended mid-air.  Gunnar saw the fear on his face and before he could scream Gunnar dropped him.  The guard fell with his arms and legs flailing.  He landed hard on a desk and the computer shattered.  The worker at the desk was crushed under the weight of the body.  Gunnar and Caster raised their weapons and in perfect unison they both shot a guard each in the forehead and just as the others were about to fire they too were put down.
“Nobody fucking move!” Gunnar screamed.  “Put your hands in air and step away from your machines.”
Seven of the workers complied with Gunnar’s order.  One of the workers did not. He bolted for the fire escape underneath the glass screen.  With no hesitation Gunnar fired two rounds into the worker’s back.  The worker was hurled into another desk.  The others screamed at the sight of their dead colleague.
“Anyone else what to try and leave be my guest,” Gunnar held his weapon firmly pointed below.
“Gunnar enough,” Caster pulled Gunnar away.  He climbed down a set of ladders to the side of the grate.  Caster held his weapon out in front of him and scanned the room just in case he missed anything.  “I want everyone to line up against the wall,” Caster pointed to his left.
The workers did not argue, they all lined up against the wall and trembled.  They looked at the ground and tried not to make eye contact with Caster.  Caster walked around the room and inspected every desk.
“You two come down,” Caster called up.  “Is there anyone else we should be aware of?” he asked the workers.
No one spoke.
“I’m sorry did I not make myself clear,” Caster stood face to face with a worker, but still no one answered.  Caster sighed, he slapped the male worker in front of him across the face.  “Anyone!” Caster shouted.
“Stubborn bastards,” Gunnar fired his weapon high enough that it ricocheted just above their heads.  A sparse blanket of dust and concrete sprinkled over them.  
“Gunnar!” Caster yelled.
“Next time I won’t miss,” Gunnar snapped.
A worker at the end of the line stepped forward.  She was a scrawny young girl and looked up at Caster with fear in her eyes. “Please don’t hurt us.” she cried.
“Then start talking,” Caster replied.
“There are no other guards on this level, but the others will soon be aware of your presence especially once the guards you have murdered don’t report in.”
“I’m well aware we will have company soon enough.”
“What do you want from us? We’re not exactly equipped to deal with terrorists.” The more she spoke the more confident she became.  The same could not be said for the others, they tearfully huddled together in fear.
Caster chuckled. “We are not terrorists, we are quite the opposite actually.  My name is Caster Karason the North Commander of the People’s Army.”
“Please, the People’s Army are a group of outlaws who roam the deserts of Pangaea,” she smiled back.
“That may have been the case many years ago but today we have tens of thousands in numbers. Tell me…” Caster waited for her to tell him her name.
“My name is Nancy.”
“Tell me Nancy, where exactly are the police or the army or anyone with authority.  It seemed awfully easy in getting here.”
“Most of the soldiers are currently stationed off the Ark.  As for everyone else with ‘authority’, all resources are currently being pooled together to track down the fugitive.  But let me ask again what do you want from us?” Nancy repeated.
Caster paused for a moment.  “First of all we need to send out a message beyond the Ark, I assume this can be done?”
“Yes over there,” Nancy pointed to the furthest computer.  “The communication switch can send out any signal across the globe.  I’m guessing you want this message to be undetectable?”
“Yes we do, show us how,” Caster asked Nancy to move with the end of his weapon.
Nancy sat down in front of the thin glass computer screen.  The glass was paper thin, this technology alone was more advanced than what Caster was used to.  Nancy pulled out the glass keyboard from under the desk and began typing.  The screen lit up and was populated with lines of code.  She quickly deciphered the code and came to the homepage.
“As you can imagine security on these things is tight,” Nancy said.
“Given this is supposed to be the control room to the Ark there’s not exactly a lot of computers?” Caster overshadowed Nancy.
“The Chancellor is not a trusting person.  In total there are sixteen of us or at least there were.  The eight of us work half the day and the other eight works the rest.  That way the safety of the Ark is kept in as few hands as possible keeping whatever worries the Chancellor has at ease.”  Nancy finished typing and pulled away from the computer.  “There you go if you enter the coordinates of where you want the message to go it will send out the transmission.  You just need to decide on how you want the transmission sent?”
“How I want it sent?” Caster asked.
“Yes how you want it sent. Do you need an analogue signal, digital or even Morse code?”
“An analogue signal should be fine, Astrid you have the co-ordinates punch them in and get the message to Max,” Caster turned to Astrid.
Astrid sat at the computer and quickly started on the message.  The lights in the room suddenly went out, but power remained in the computers.
“What’s going on?” Gunnar raised weapon.
“Gunnar!” Caster barked.  “Nancy, why have the lights gone out?”
“They will have been aware of your presence the moment we moved away from our monitors.  I’d hazard a guess and say you have a couple of minutes before that lift returns with an army of guards,” Nancy said with a smirk.
“Gunnar you had better find the weapons room now!” Caster ordered.
“On it,” Gunnar inspected the now darkened walls for a door that lead to the weapons hold.  He ran his fingers across the walls until he felt a dent.  Sure enough he soon found what he was looking for.  Gunnar pressed against the section of the wall and it opened up into a small cupboard.  Inside there was a shelf filled with automatic rifles and explosives, just what he needed.  For now he left the rifles and only picked up the explosives.  He filled his pockets with as many explosives as he could.  Gunnar ran back through the control room and climbed up the ladder.  He hurried along the dark corridor toward the lift.  
The lift had moved since they had arrived on the floor.  It was illuminated with the flickers of light from the approaching guards.  Gunnar did not panic, instead he emptied his pockets and knelt to the floor.  The explosives were small blocks of metal, at the side of each one was a switch.  Gunnar flicked each switch in turn and the explosive armed.  Any meaningful impact would now cause the explosive to ignite.  Gunnar grabbed the cage door and ripped it open, the sharp edges sliced open his left hand.  He winched at the pain.
Gunnar picked up the explosives and held then out over the elevator shaft.  “Look out below,” he shouted cheerfully.
The guards looked up and saw the impending danger in Gunnar’s hand.  They frantically lifted their weapons into the air but it was too late.  Gunnar released his hand.  The collection of explosives tumbled through the air.  One hit the side of the shaft and exploded.  Rubble broke away from the wall and littered the air with dust.  The others landed between the guards and detonated on impact.  Two of the guard had the displeasure of the explosives landing between their feet.  The explosion ripped their legs apart.  Before they could scream out all of the guards were engulfed in a fiery blaze.  Gunnar ducked away as the fireball rose toward him.  The fireball quickly dispersed, Gunnar could hear the screams of agony from the guards below.  He looked down the shaft and could faintly make out their burning bodies within the smoke.  The lift continued to rise despite the explosions.  Gunnar grabbed his rifle and fired round after round at the heavy chains.  Once he had gone through an entire clip the chain finally gave way.  It snapped and the lift collapsed taking everyone with it.
“We won’t need to worry about any visitors for a while,” Gunnar said as he climbed back down the ladder into the control room.
“Your friend who tried to run…” Caster spoke.
“The one he murdered,” Nancy glared at Gunnar.
“Yes that one,” Caster ignored her anger.
“What about him?” she asked.
“The door he ran to, where does it lead?”
“Oh, the fire escape,” Nancy smiled.
Caster was worried by her sly smile.  “Gunnar see if you can find any flares,” Caster walked over to the fire escape.  He looked back at Nancy whose smile remained.  He carefully opened the door.  Caster was met with an unpleasant sight.  There were streams of guards running into formation in the darkened courtyard below.  Thankfully there was no sign of any heavy artillery, not yet.  Three of the guards had begun to climb the fire escape ladders that lead directly to where Caster was stood.
“Gunnar pass me a grenade,” Caster called back and held his hand out.  Gunnar placed one in his hand.  
“Stay where you are!” a voice shouted as a spotlight was shone on Caster.  He quickly pulled back and dropped the grenade.  It bounced off one of the steps and span towards the climbing guards.  Before it reached them it exploded half way down.  The force of the explosion ripped the supports from the ladder and it fell to the ground.  The two lowest guards were barely hurt from their fall, however the other had climbed high enough that his skull fractured as he hit the floor.
“I think we are surrounded,” Caster told the others in the control room.
“You had better get a move on then,” Gunnar sparked a flare and threw it across the floor.
“Nancy which of your systems control the navigation to the Ark?” Caster asked.
“I’ll help you to a certain extent but changing the Ark’s course? No,” she refused.
Gunnar picked up a handgun from the shelf in the weapons room and with no reluctance shot one of her co-workers in the head. “I have six bullets left and I hardly ever miss.”
The smile quickly disappeared from her face and the others cried quietly.  “Okay, okay I’ll help.  The computer next to your friend,” Nancy upsettingly pointed to Astrid.
“Good girl,” Gunnar sneered.
“That’s enough, Gunnar I want you to empty out all the weapons and trigger this place.  When Max comes I want take this place out,” Caster ordered.
“But what about us?” Nancy cried.
“Is there not another way out other than the lift or the fire escape?”
“Yes there’s a staircase next to the lift,” she replied.
“Gunnar make sure you place explosives around the staircase too,” Caster winked at Nancy.
“But, how will we escape, you can’t kill us all!” Nancy was angry and upset.
“Tell me how to move this island and I will let you all leave.”
Nancy unlocked the other computer and logged in.  It was built exactly the same as the one Astrid sat at however the screen was much different.  The monitor was filled with vertical rows of code.  Bright red letters, numbers and symbols scrolled horizontally against a black background.  Caster was confused by what he saw.
“Okay looks like you will be staying, everyone else leave now!” Caster shouted to the other workers.
The workers did not need asking twice, they all picked themselves up, rushed up the ladders and ran to the stairs.  Nancy trembled as she realised she was left alone with her captors.
“Once you get this place moving I will let you follow the others,” Caster bent down and spoke in her ear.
“Where exactly do you want me to move the Ark?”
“We are only a couple of miles from the coast right?” Caster asked.
“Yeah, why?” Nancy wondered.  Caster need only look at Nancy for her to realise what he meant.  “But the Ark cannot function over a large body of water!” she squealed.
“Exactly, once Esau realises where the Ark is headed he will pool all his resources to us and Jacob and Atreus will be free to carry on.”
“What if the Ark isn’t stopped and continues over the ocean?  Will you knowingly kill millions innocent people?”  At this point tears began to fall from Nancy’s eyes.
“Then you had better hope Jacob doesn’t get captured,” Caster spoke without any compassion.
“You are no people’s army, you are terrorists.  How can you say you fight for the greater good but then you’re willing to sacrifice millions of lives?”
From out of nowhere a canister was thrown through the large window at the front of the room.  The whole window did not break but it cracked around where the canister landed.  It rolled along the floor and banged into the wall.  Smoke started to billow out.
“Gunnar how’s the stairwell looking?” Caster shouted.
“Rigged and ready to blow,” Gunnar answered.
“Good, stay up there, we are going to have more visitors any minute.”
“I already see them,” Gunnar started to fire his weapon at the guards below.
“Astrid do you have contact with Max yet?” Caster asked Astrid.
“Yes ETA ten minutes we just need to provide him with enough cover, is that possible?” Astrid answered.
“Nancy can that be done?” Caster leaned on her.
“Yes it can, tell me where he is coming from and I can cut all surveillance from that district and give him a path through.”   
“Here’s headed to the Eastern bank the same section we entered, three A,” Astrid stood up from her computer.
Nancy overtyped part of the code and all surveillance was severed from section three all the way to their location.  Lights where switched off and Max was given a clear line of darkness to follow.  At this point the room filled with smoke and it became hard to see anything.
“You had better brace yourself now, the moment I type in the new co-ordinates there is going to be a violent shift.”  Nancy typed a hundred lines of code in a matter of seconds.  
First there was a small vibration, a mug fell from a desk and shattered on the floor.  Astrid and Caster smiled at each other, the vibration was hardly violent.  A second vibration quickly followed, this was more like Nancy’s description.  Caster was thrown to the floor, he covered his head from the ceiling tiles that fell from the roof.  The glass window vibrated and fractured.  A crack formed along the back wall and the metal walk way broke away from the wall.
“Watch out!” Caster shouted.
Astrid looked up and saw the shadow of the walkway falling toward her through the smoke.  Nancy jumped from her chair and pushed Astrid out of the way.  The walkway narrowly missed the both of them as it shattered on the floor.
“I’m assuming you managed to change the course?” Caster steadied himself as the vibrations stopped.
“The Ark is now headed toward the ocean as you wished,” Nancy coughed, she stood away from her computer and wiped the dust from her body.
“Good you may leave now.”
“Are you kidding me? I have changed the direction of the Ark.  I will be branded a traitor, I cannot show my face anywhere now.  Please you must take me with you!” Nancy grabbed Caster’s leg and begged.
“But we no longer have any use for you, you would simply be dead weight,” Caster coldly replied.
“Caster, the girl just saved my life, the least you could do is show some sympathy,” Astrid walked over to Nancy and picked her up.
“Thank you,” Nancy smiled.
Suddenly explosions came from the hallway, they were immediately followed by gunfire.
“Gunnar?” Caster shouted up.
“There’s more of them trying to gain access, shall I blow the charges?” Gunnar shouted back between each round he fired at the approaching guards.
“Negative, if we do anymore damage to this building it will collapse,” Caster replied.
“Why don’t they just bomb this place anyway?” Astrid asked.
“This room is the central location for controlling the Ark, there is a backup location but that can take a few hours to set up, plus they would need one of us sixteen to run it.  But until then they will withhold the amount of firepower they throw at us,” Nancy answered.
“I guess we had better hope Max gets to us in time.  Until then let’s sit tight and protect each exit,” Caster ordered.






CHAPTER NINETEEN


Jacob had been climbing for over twenty minutes, each handle became harder to hold on too.  His arms ached and his legs were tired.  He dared not turn around or look below for Jacob and Atreus were now far above the ground.  His palms were sweaty with nerves, he had to keep wiping them against his trousers to dry and maintain grip.  When Jacob did suffer a moment of weakness, he looked to his right and beheld a magnificent sight.  He could see for miles around.  The district nearest was shrouded in darkness, however other districts were not.  It appeared only this district was in lockdown.  The tall apartments and skyscrapers from other areas acted as beacons of light, impressively illuminated against the now clear night sky in the background.  Jacob could see the smog from the factories blown out into the horizon.  
The square they had escaped from was now empty.  Jacob could see no sign of the guardians, they had fled the district.  In fact there appeared to be no sign of any authority below.  There were red and blue sirens screaming along the edges of the next district with the faint outline of an army of men.  Jacob could hear the echo of gunfire and saw great beams of light focused on a single building.
“Atreus are we not being followed?” Jacob shouted above.
“It would appear not Jacob, I would suggest with the amount of noise coming from over there Caster and the others have made it to the control room,” Atreus looked down at Jacob.
“Does this mean we have a clear path?”
“We must not take that for certain, Jacob concentrate on climbing not on your surroundings.”
Jacob looked away and continued to climb.  There was a haze of light above, the surface was within reach.  He could now see greater detail in the ceiling.  Graffiti was sprayed between the network of steel pipes.  Jacob could not make out what the words said but he was left wondering how on earth someone could reach so far without falling.  Atreus had reached the top and pulled himself up.  He turned around and held his hand to Jacob.  They both felt the first small vibration that Caster had caused.  Jacob managed to keep his grip despite his trembling hands.
“Jacob quick grab my hand!” Atreus shouted.
He reached out to grab Atreus but the second vibration followed.  Jacob lost his footing and slipped.  His feet dangled and his left hand loosened.  He swung from side to side holding on with his right arm.  Steam vented from several of the pipes around him.  Jacob coughed in the cloud of steam.  It settled on the handles and caused Jacob’s feet to keep slipping.
“Atreus!” Jacob screamed.  His eyes widened as he looked below.
Atreus stretched further and grabbed Jacob on the shoulder.  He mercifully lifted him up and onto the surface.  Jacob rolled onto his front and lay head down for a moment.  He took his time to try and catch his breath.
“What was that?” Jacob said between breaths.
“The Ark has changed course, Caster has given us sometime,” Atreus sat next to Jacob with his arms rested on his knees.
“So what next?” Jacob looked up.
“We rescue the others,” Atreus stood up and looked around.  “Region Three is much smaller and easier to navigate than below.  But we must be quick, we won’t have long.”  He patted Jacob on the back.
“Whatever you say cap,” Jacob smiled.  He got to his feet and took in his surroundings.  The region may have been smaller but it was even more mesmerising.  Around the edges of the platform were glass walls nearly as tall as Jacob and dressed in vines.  Jacob was stood on what he could only assume was a grey and white patterned marble pavement.  The platform above was not like the tangle of pipes he had just climbed through, instead there was an artificial sky, reflective of what was outside except there was no cloud cover to spoil the glow of the endearing Milky Way.  The buildings rose so high that the stars twinkled around them.  Every building was built the same with curved circular white bases which materialised into tall structures that halted within amongst the stars.  Vertical rows of glass rose between the walls of the structures.  Gardens flushed with tall oak trees and an array of colourful flower beds surrounded each building.  Along the marble paths there were orbs of light acting as street lights.  A few cars were parked on the road but not near the same number as below.  There appeared to be peace and harmony within the simplicity of the region.
“This place doesn’t exactly look like it has a prison,” Jacob questioned as they began walking.
“Esau has his own prison hidden away for his personal captives.  They will be housed in there.”
“And where is everyone?” Jacob asked.
“I would suggest this whole region is on lockdown.  The easiest way for Esau to track us down will be to let us walk through empty streets.”
They walked past the skyscrapers and down the roads.  Each building was lit up on the outside with tiny shimmering lights, they almost looked like tiny diamonds that reflected the stars.  Through the glass inside the buildings they were immersed in darkness.  It did not take them too long to walk near to the centre of the region.  It appeared all the roads lead to the centre and circled around a huge chrome arch that towered above everything else nearby.  A hologram of the moon shone from the top between the stars and it slowly moved along the arch.  
As Jacob stood on the edge of the path it was clear to see that the whole region circled this one feature and that beneath it stood an almighty cathedral. Constructed within a circled garden and enclosed by a three foot hedge, the cathedral was built from large bricks of white stone. A stone path and several flower beds and apple trees were scattered around the garden. The front of the building was dominated by a curved wooden door, which stood at least thirty feet tall.  Embedded within the masonry above the door was a patterned window pane. It had an outline of a gold coloured cross with blue hexagonal panels that surrounded it.  The rest of the brickwork was smooth with no other decoration adorning it.  The roof of the cathedral was constructed with lilac tiles that meet at a sharp apex at its centre. At each corner of the cathedral four towers rose into the sky.  Each tower was topped with a lilac spear and a small golden cross.  Along the edge of the tower walls menacing gargoyles gazed down at those that passed below.  The final feature of the cathedral that Jacob noticed was the large bell tower, erected at the rear of the building and overshadowed the area. 
“So where’s this prison supposed to be?” Jacob asked.
“You see that faint beam of light?” Atreus pointed to the bottom of the Arch.
“I guess,” Jacob squinted.
“Believe it or not that is an elevator to the Chancellor’s palace.  Providing he hasn’t shut it down we simply stand in the beam and elevate up.”
“Seriously?” Jacob laughed.
“You’re standing on a floating city and you’re questioning this?” Atreus raised his eyebrow.  “Come one let’s go before someone spots us.”
They ran across the street and jumped over hedge.  Jacob tried to avoid stepping on the flower beds, he had rarely come into contact with such vegetation and felt it a shame to destroy such beauty.  Atreus did not show as much care he took the direct route across the garden and trampled over any flowers that were in his way.  Jacob stopped under one of the apple trees.  He looked up at the delicious looking red apples suspended from the branches.  He reached up and picked one of the apples.  It felt so smooth and crisp in his hand.  Moisture dripped down its silky, shiny skin and Jacob couldn’t resist taking a bite.  It crunched as his teeth ripped into its core.  He was stunned at the taste, it had been a long time since he ate something so fresh.
“Hey, have you not heard the story about the man who took the apple from the tree?” Atreus turned to Jacob.
“Beth may have read me that story when I was a younger.  Relax a little, with all the damage you’ve caused one apple isn’t going to make much difference,” Jacob smiled.
“Just get your ass moving.”
Atreus reached the beam and waited for Jacob to catch up.  Whilst he waited he placed his hand in the sparkling faint blue beam of light.  Tiny atoms gathered around his hand.
“It’s still warm,” Atreus said.
“Is that a good thing?” Jacob continued to chomp on his apple.
“Yes it is,” Atreus snatched the apple from Jacob.
“Hey…”Jacob snapped.
“Watch,” Atreus placed the apple in the beam and released it.  The atoms gathered around the half eaten fruit.  Once a thin layer of light had formed underneath the apple and it began to elevate.  “Looks like it works.”
“So we just stand inside it and we go up,” uttered Jacob.
“Correct, so what are you waiting for,” Atreus stepped in the beam and Jacob followed.
Once they had stepped forward they could not see outside. All they could make out was a blue mist of tiny sparkling atoms. Jacob looked down and saw the light was forming at his feet.  Once the floor was glowing brightly around them they both started to elevate.  At first Jacob was nervous, it was unnerving to be moving upwards on such a thin layer of light.
“I’ve seen a lot of obscure things these last couple of weeks, but this is just mad,” a stunned Jacob murmured.  He looked at Atreus but he did not reply.  Jacob tried to move his arm to tap Atreus but he could not move.  His body was frozen.  He began to panic, Atreus did not mention anything about not being able to move.  For all Jacob knew something had gone wrong or had Atreus set Jacob up? All these questions floated around his head.
The light slowed down and the atoms released themselves from Jacob’s body.  The glow dispersed and Jacob could see the ground beneath him, he appeared to be floating in mid-air.  Atreus nudged Jacob to walk out from the beam.  He stepped out from the warmth and into a large, darkened empty room.  Dull concrete covered the floor and walls. Given the beam was supposed to lead to Esau’s palace there wasn’t much to look at.
“Is this it?” Jacob laughed.  Atreus remained silent with a frown on his face.  “What’s the matter, I thought you said this would be the place?”
“This is…” Atreus muttered.
“Then what is it?” Jacob was confused.
They were both suddenly engulfed by a blinding white light.  Jacob held the palms of his hands over his head to try and shield his eyes.
“Stay where you are!” a voice shouted.
“Atreus what’s going on?” Jacob was rattled.
“Throw any weapons you have to the ground,” the voice ordered.
“Do as he says and everything will be fine,” Atreus replied.
“Do as who says? Atreus!” Jacob raised his voice.
“Do as I say,” the light lowered and Kaelen walked from out the shadows.
“You son of a bitch,” Jacob frowned and turned to Atreus.  He punched him across the jaw.  “How could you!”
Atreus restrained Jacob and lowered his fists.  “Jacob calm yourself, I did not know he would be here.”
“Bullshit, I saw him at the village when Beth was taken,” Jacob struggled.
“Atreus is telling you the truth.  He may have led you to me but he did not know I would be waiting.  Unfortunately for you since I replaced Atreus I have become stronger and smarter than he is.  The moment you sent your father out to die I knew you would be coming here Atreus,” Kaelen removed his helmet and threw it to the floor.
“Alone I see Kaelen, where are your minions?” Atreus sneered.
“At this point in time they are about to remove your friends from the world.  I thought it only right that I personally take care of you and deliver the boy to Esau.”
“So why did it take nearly twenty years for you to track me down?” Atreus smirked.
“It may have taken a while but I was always going to catch up with you, and now you have finally brought the prize to me, I guess you have worn out your purpose,” Kaelen raised a handgun from his side and aimed it at Atreus.
Jacob attempted to confront Kaelen but Atreus stopped him, he looked at Kaelen and smiled.
“You’re about to have your head spilled out onto the floor and all you can do is smile at me,” Kaelen grunted.
“I nurtured you from a young age Kaelen, I taught you everything you know.  You really think you are getting the better of me by finishing me off as I stand here defenceless?  I taught you better than that.”
“What else do you suggest?” Kaelen waived the gun in the air.
“You said it yourself, you’re stronger than me, so why not prove it.  Come on test yourself, see if you have become this great warrior you think you have.”
“I will tear you apart old man.”
“Prove it then,” Atreus held both his arms out.
Kaelen looked down and rubbed his chin with his hand, he thought for a moment about Atreus’ proposition.  After a few seconds he glared at Atreus with a wicked grin.  He opened the gun chamber and emptied the bullets onto the floor.  Kaelen threw the gun aside and removed his armour.
“Jacob on your right you will see an exit, through there you will find them, go,” Atreus whispered.
Kaelen ran toward Atreus, he speared him in the waist and knocked him to the floor.  Jacob used this time to escape, he quickly bolted right.  Kaelen crouched above Atreus and struck him around the face with his clenched fist.  Atreus’ lip split and he coughed blood onto the floor.
“See you are nothing,” Kaelen threw another punch.
Atreus stopped Kaelen’s fist with his hand and crushed his fingers.  Kaelen screamed and used his other fist to hit him.  Atreus was prepared and also stopped that assault.  With both hands caught Atreus pulled Kaelen forward and head butted him.  Kaelen fell backwards clutching his face.  Atreus caught him on the bridge of his nose and blood streamed downwards.  Angered Kaelen quickly rose to his feet and engaged Atreus in a brutal fist fight.  They repeatedly exchanged punches and despite his age Atreus managed to keep up with his younger, fitter rival.
Whilst Atreus and Kaelen continued to battle Jacob had entered through the door Atreus had pointed out and continued down a murky corridor lined in concrete.  At the end was a frosted window, brightened by the moonlight.  At the window Jacob turned the corner and saw another door at the far end.  This was a heavier wooden door with a black steel frame.  A small opening in the middle was enclosed with metal bars.  Jacob approached the door with caution.  He looked through the opening but could barely see anything except a small flickering candle on the wall.
“Hello?” he softly spoke.  At first Jacob did not get a reply, although he could hear someone rustling about inside. “Is anyone in there?”
“What do you want?” a female voice replied.
“I’m here to help you,” he said louder.
“Jacob,” another voice spoke.
“Freyja is that you?” Jacob rejoiced.
“Yes Jacob, please get me out of here,” Freyja cried.
“Is Beth with you?”
“No Esau has taken her but your mother is here with me.”
Jacob stood back for a moment, he had never seen nor spoke to his mother.  He had hoped one day he would meet her but he was not prepared for this moment.  “Hang on and I’ll open the door.”  The door was secured with a padlock.  “It’s locked.”
“Please Jacob get me out,” Freyja wept.
Jacob thought for a moment, he could not return for his weapon in case Kaelen saw him.  Instead Jacob began kicking the lock.  The rust on the lock flaked off with ever kick.  Eventually it gave way and snapped in two.  Jacob was able to remove it and unbolted the heavy door.  He put all his weight behind him to push open the solid wooden door.  It scraped along the floor and Jacob was welcomed with a revolting damp stench.  The dim murky light from the hallway added little visibility to the darkened room that had been Freyja’s home for the last week.
“Jacob!” Freyja shot up and pressed herself against her cell.  She wore a tatty white knee length flowing dress.  Her feet were bare, bruised by the harsh cold floor.  Her face was soaked with tears.
“Freyja!” Jacob ran to her.  He placed both hands against her cheeks and softly kissed her.  Jacob moved his hands and rattled the bars, he tried to see a way to release her.  “There’s got to be a way?”
“Have you not got a key?” Freyja asked.
“I wouldn’t be rattling these bars if I had,” Jacob smiled at her.
“Jacob,” the other voice spoke from behind.
Jacob froze, at first he was scared to face the corner from where the voice came.  He was finally about to lay eyes on his mother.  He took a deep breath and turned around.  In the far corner of the room Jacob saw her, stood against the bars in a longer tattered dress was a tearful Rebekah.  A smile eclipsed her tired face.
“Hello son,” she grabbed his hand.
Jacob welled up.  He placed his arms inside the bars and wrapped them around her, he was speechless.
“I cannot believe you have come all this way,” Rebekah sobbed.
“I will get you away from this place I promise,” Jacob looked around the room for something to break open the cell doors but these were secured by a heavier lock.  “Where has he taken Beth?”
“I don’t know, he took her not long before you came.  They can’t be far,” Rebekah replied.
“Okay stand back,” Jacob attempted to kick the lock but it was no good.  He spotted a loose brick in the corner of Beth’s cell, he picked it up and hit the lock with all his remaining strength.  It dented and loosened.
“Put that down,” Kaelen growled.
With the brick still in his hand Jacob turned around.  A blooded and bruised Kaelen was stood pointing his handgun at Jacob.  “Where’s Atreus?” Jacob asked.
“I said put the brick down!” Kaelen ordered again.
“And if I don’t, you’ll shoot me?”
“Someone get this kid a medal, put the fucking thing down now!” Kaelen’s voice deepened.
From the corner of his eye Jacob saw Atreus stumble down the hallway behind Kaelen.  Jacob slowly lowered the brick to the floor.  “There I’ve done as you’ve asked, now I ask you release these two women and you can do what you want with me.”
“That’s very heroic of you but these two aren’t going anywhere and neither are you.  Get on your knees and place your hands behind your head.”
“Kaelen please don’t hurt him,” Rebekah pleaded.
“Shut your mouth whore,” Kaelen snapped.
“Don’t talk to my mother like that,” Jacob glared at him.
“Your mother? Ha, you barely even know this woman,” Kaelen slapped Jacob across the face.  “Either of you so much as sneeze and I will bury you myself,” he gestured the gun at both women.
Atreus stumbled closer and crept beside the door.  He attempted to sneak up on Kaelen but he was spotted.  Kaelen turned around and hit a defeated Atreus with the barrel of his gun.  The force threw Atreus against the door.  Jacob quickly reacted, he picked up the brick and launched at Kaelen.  With one clean swing he struck the brick against the back of his head.  Kaelen stumbled forward and Jacob hit him again, the second impact knocked Kaelen unconscious.
Jacob looked at the brick as Kaelen’s blood dripped onto the floor.  He dropped it and crouched in front of Atreus.  “Hey Cap are you okay?”
“Get the keys,” Atreus uttered.  His eye was swollen and his nose was bloodied.
Jacob looked down at Kaelen and searched his pockets.  He found a set of keys and quickly tried to unlock the cells.  After trying four different keys the fifth finally unlocked Freyja’s cell.  They embraced for a moment, Freyja cried with happiness.  Jacob released her and unlocked Rebekah’s cell.  
“My child,” Rebekah held Jacob.
“I’m sorry I didn’t come sooner,” Jacob closed his eyes as his mother held him.
“Don’t be daft, until recently you didn’t even know I existed,” Rebekah laughed.
“Jacob, drag Kaelen into one of the cells and lock him inside, we need to leave,” Atreus pulled himself to his feet.
Jacob grabbed one of Kaelen’s feet and dragged him along the floor into Beth’s empty cell.  He released his foot and locked the door.  Jacob helped an exhausted Rebekah from her cell.  Kaelen stirred slightly and coughed up blood.
“Come one Freyja,” Atreus held her arm and escorted her out.
Kaelen rolled over and saw the four of them leaving. “Hey!” he screamed.
Atreus stopped and turned to him. “Looks like you weren’t the smarter one after all.”
“Atreus, you can’t leave me here!” Kaelen tried to get to his feet but fell into the bed against the wall.
“Goodbye Kaelen,” Atreus smiled as he closed the door.
“Atreus!” Kaelen shouted.  He was left alone in the dark.






CHAPTER TWENTY


Gunnar was sat in the middle of the doorway of the stairwell to the control room.  A blanket of empty bullet shells surrounded him.  He had used round after round to keep the guards below at bay.  He had not managed to disarm any of them but had fired enough bullets that they waited patiently.  Astrid was camped within the thick smoke next to the window, hidden away just enough that should could get a glimpse of the outside.  As of yet there was no sight of Max.  Caster was sat at the only working computer, one by one the others had lost power.  He watched as the monitor broadcast the satellite image of the Ark edging closer to the ocean.
“Caster I’m slowly running out of bullets here!” Gunnar shouted down.
“Max will be here at any moment just hold on!” Caster replied.
“By now an army of soldiers and perhaps even some of the Guardians will be waiting outside, how exactly will your friend be able to reach you?” Nancy coughed.
“I see something,” Astrid called out.
“Come and see,” Caster winked at Nancy.
Caster looked from out the window and saw gunfire being sprayed from out the darkness.  The trail of gunfire lead from the outskirts of the region and closed in on them.
“I’d say they know he’s here,” Astrid sneered.
A handful of the soldiers below turned their attention away from the control room and began to fire in the direction of the others.  Finally they could hear the rotors of Max’s helicopter.  He approached from a low height.  Rockets erupted from two launchers at the side of the helicopter and two mini guns teared across the courtyard.  The rockets threw groups of soldiers through the air and crashed into the surrounding buildings.  The bullets teared up the footpaths and ripped through some of the guardians.  They quickly dispersed to try and avoid the havoc.  An alarm sounded out across the facility.
“Gunnar it’s time to leave!” Caster called out.
Gunnar picked up his remaining grenades, and took the pins out and dropped them down the middle of the stairwell.  He grabbed his gun and ran to the control room.  The grenades bounced off the walls, the guards scampered.  They jumped over each other to try and escape but were caught under a pile of rubble as the grenades exploded.  The blast ripped apart the stairwell.  Gunnar jumped from the broken platform and rolled along the floor of the control room.
“The stairwell is secure,” Gunnar panted as he stood up.
Max approached with the helicopter, the vibrations from the blades shattered the fragile window.  Smoke billowed from out the room.  Max lowered down two ropes for them to climb up.  Nancy stepped back afraid.  Gunnar reached for one of the ropes and began to climb.  Astrid followed suit and climbed the second rope.
“Nancy, what’s wrong?” Caster grabbed her.
“I can’t,” she whimpered.
“Nancy this place is rigged to explode the moment we leave and as you said before you will be seen as a traitor, you have no other choice.”
“But what if I fall?”
“We will climb up together and if you fall I will catch you I promise,” he tried to reassure her.
Nancy fell silent for a moment, then she wiped away her tearful eyes. “Okay.”  
She grabbed Caster’s hand and they approached the end of the window.  Caster seized the first rope and passed it to Nancy, she firmly grasped it and started to climb.  Once she was just above Caster he too started his ascent.  Max did not hang about, the moment he saw the two of them he pulled away and began their escape.  Gunnar pulled himself into the helicopter and immediately grabbed a rifle.  He fired at the soldiers below to give Caster and Nancy enough cover.  Astrid climbed on board and sat behind Max.
“We need to get the others!” she shouted.
In Region Three Jacob and Atreus led Rebekah and Freyja to the beam of light in the Arch.  Atreus sat on the floor for a moment, his fight with Kaelen had taken all of his energy.  His leg was bleeding and he was short of breath.  Even here they could all hear the echo of Kaelen’s screams from the cell.
“We need go down here and if we have timed it right the others should be waiting for us ready to escape,” Atreus wiped the blood from his mouth.
“Then what are you waiting for?” Jacob picked up Atreus.
“An old man needs to rest,” he smiled at Jacob.
“Well you can do plenty of that once we’ve gotten far away from this place.  You and Freyja go down first and I shall help Rebekah follow… sorry I mean mother,” Jacob winked at Rebekah.
“Thank you but you need not worry about what you call me,” Rebekah joked, “but what about you?”
“Mother I need to find Beth!” Jacob worried.
“Jacob, get your mother and Freyja out of here and we can then search for Beth.  Esau can’t have gone too far with her,” Atreus spoke affirmatively.
“Okay,” Jacob sighed. 
Freyja linked arms with Atreus and escorted him into the beam.  The atoms closed around them and they quickly descended.
“Shall we?” Jacob helped Rebekah into the beam.  They became frozen in light and followed the other two below.
This time Jacob was not scared by the nature of the beam, instead he was anxious, he was overcome with guilt with the knowledge he had potentially left Beth behind.  He looked below as the light beneath his feet faded, Atreus and Freyja had cautiously walked out into the cathedral’s garden.  Jacob and Rebekah came to a halt.  The atoms dispersed and Jacob was welcomed with a terrifying sound.  He could hear the loud footsteps of marching soldiers.  Jacob ran past Atreus and stood next the apple tree.  He looked around and down every street he could see hundreds of soldiers marching towards them.  Freyja grabbed Jacob’s hand and held it tight.
“Jacob what are we going to do?” she asked worriedly.
Jacob continued to look around and the soldiers came to a halt about half a mile away from them.  “They’ve stopped,” Jacob shouted back Atreus.
“Something’s not right,” Atreus muttered to himself.  “Until the others arrive we should go into the cathedral.”
“Come on,” Freyja pulled Jacob away from the apple tree and they ran up the marble steps to the entrance.
Atreus pushed open the large wooden doors and they entered the cathedral.  Inside it looked twice as big.  There was a mosaic adorning across the ceiling depicting a biblical story.  A dark blue rug ran down the middle of the aisle toward the altar.  There were tall pillars of marble that reached to the ceiling.  Along the stone walls flames burned within golden candlesticks and dark wooden pews were lined up either side of the aisle.  To the rear of the cathedral there were monstrous copper flutes attached around a grand organ.  Knelt next to the altar was a badly beaten Beth.  Her hands rested between her legs and head drooped down as she sobbed.
“Beth!” Jacob saw her and immediately ran down the aisle.  He slowed and came to a halt halfway down.  From behind the altar a person dressed in a black hooded robe with silver lining intimidatingly walked forward in heavy leather boots.  The person lifted their hands up and slowly clapped.
“Well, well, we finally meet brother,” he removed his hood to reveal himself.  Esau glared at Jacob with a sinful smirk.  Jacob was speechless, he gulped and could not respond.  Esau pointed a handgun against Beth’s head.  “Do you not have anything to say brother?”
“Esau what are you doing?” Rebekah interrupted.
“And I see you have met our delightful mother, if only father was here it would be such a marvellous family reunion.”
“Please lower your gun, let her go,” Rebekah pleaded.  She tried to approach Esau but Atreus held her back.
“That’s it Atreus control that woman, she is interrupting a moment with my brother,” Esau circled Beth.  He stood behind her and kicked her in the back.  She fell forward to the floor.  Jacob took a few more steps closer in anger but Esau pointed his gun at Jacob. “That’s it brother take one more step.”
“Let her go,” Jacob growled.
“And finally he speaks,” Esau mocked.
“Let her go and you can have me,” Jacob offered himself.
“No Jacob,” Beth whimpered.
“Be quiet whore!” Esau kicked her again and infuriated Jacob further.  “What’s the matter? Does it upset you to see this whore rolling on the floor where she belongs?”
Beth wriggled and groaned.
Esau sighed, he bent down and lifted her head. “Do you have something to add?”
“Jacob run, only the Guardians know who you are not one else does, Esau will do everything to make sure as few people as possible know who you are, you are too important to him,” Beth coughed.
“Very clever, give the boy ideas,” Esau let go of her head.  “Yes you may serve as some importance to me, however if I must I will not hesitate to put a bullet in you.”
“Then do it,” Jacob baited Esau.
Esau chuckled. “That would be the easy option now wouldn’t it? What if I were to show you what could be yours, what we could achieve together.”
“You will not seduce me with your offering,” Jacob slowly approached Esau.
“That’s it brother walk closer.”
The cathedral shuddered and a crack opened up in the ceiling.  Fragments of the mosaic broke away and crashed to the floor.  The Ark had begun to cross over the ocean and the magnetic plates on the outer wing had fractured.  Each Region was shaken by the instability.  The first tremor was only small but worse was yet to come if the Ark continued on its course.
“Oh dear brother how much longer can you afford to stand here and talk to me whilst your precious city breaks apart,” Jacob sneered.
Esau’s smile was replaced with an angry frown. “Any moment now my people will have my course corrected.  What you need to start thinking about is what happens next.  Will you come with me brother and together we can take this continent to new heights, or will you turn your back on your own flesh and blood.  Now’s the time to decide.”  He directed his gun Jacob.
Jacob looked back at Rebekah, who smiled at him.  He turned back to Esau. “You have already turned your back on your own flesh and blood, I will not let you bring any more harm to our mother.”
“Very well,” Esau winked at Jacob and lowered his gun.  He aimed it down at Beth and fired.  The bullet ripped through her back and into her chest.  She let out a merciful scream.
“No!” Jacob cried.
Beth’s clothes became soaked in fresh blood.  Jacob ran to her and rolled her onto her back.  Esau looked down at them both with a foul grin, but he was suddenly startled as the doors to the cathedral crashed open.  A gust of wind from the helicopter outside blew out the candles.  Caster entered the cathedral and raised his weapon.  He fired three shots at Esau but missed each time.  Esau ducked and quickly ran to escape behind the altar.
“Come on lets go,” Caster grabbed Freyja and Rebekah.  “Atreus you need to get Jacob, we have to leave now.”
Atreus ran down the aisle to Jacob.  Freyja and Rebekah left with Caster and boarded the helicopter.  Jacob held Beth in his arms.  His eyes flooded with tears.  Beth was still alive, her breathing had slowed but for the moment she hadn’t given up.
“I’m sorry,” Jacob wept.
Beth raised her arm and softly rubbed her hand against his face. “Hey, it’s not your fault, I am so proud of you, you have become a man.”
“Jacob we need to leave now,” Atreus said.
“Go get him,” Beth moved her hand away.
“Pardon,” a muddled Jacob replied.
“You can end this now, go after him and kill him,” Beth said firmly.
“Beth I’m not going to leave you again.”
“Atreus will take care of me, go Jacob before it’s too late.”
“Jacob, do not worry I will make sure Beth is looked after,” Atreus placed his hand on Jacob’s shoulder.
“I thought I’m destined to be the saviour of this land, how can I risk it all by chasing after Esau?”
“Jacob you are the one who controls your destiny.  If you chose to leave Esau and flee with us then so be it.  However if you do chose to chase him and fight him, if you win you will be the rightful heir as our next Chancellor.  Whatever you chose to do though you have about ten seconds as we need to leave now.”
Jacob paused for a moment to think.  He released Beth into Atreus’ arms, he kissed her on the forehead and got to his feet. “I will return.”  He turned around and ran to the exit Esau had taken.






CHAPTER TWENTY ONE


Esau had escaped the cathedral through a narrow dark hallway that declined to an industrial elevator.  A blue bulb flickered from the ceiling and reflected off the rusty steel cage that surrounded the elevator.  Esau pulled open the cage door and pressed a loose red button.  There was a beep and he closed the door behind him.  The elevator shuddered and slowly began its descent.
Jacob rushed down the hallway and saw Esau’s menacing smile as he departed.  Jacob ran to the elevator but it was too late, he had missed it.  He held onto the side of the elevator shaft and looked below.  There were four steel girders at each corner of the shaft to keep the cage under control.  A steel cable attached to the centre lowered the elevator.  From where he stood he could see for miles around in the darkness of the lower region.  Parts of the city were cloaked in darkness from blackouts caused by Caster and the others.  Other parts were still lit up, the lights from the tall skyscrapers helped Jacob keep sight of Esau.  
Jacob could turn back and hope the helicopter had not left or he could take a leap of faith.  As he had come this far, he was not about to turn his back.  He removed his hoodie and wrapped it around his hands.  There were two cables, the closet to him was moving upwards and the furthest moved downwards.  Jacob stood in the middle of the opening to the elevator shaft and leaned forwards.  He opened his hands and reached out for the furthest cable.  He gripped the cable with his right hand and was immediately pulled from the doorway.  To avoid losing his balance he jumped and grabbed on with his left hand.  Jacob looked below and saw the elevator cabin at least twenty feet below.  He thought about dropping onto the top of the cabin but then thought the better of it.  It would be too risky to simply jump, he would have to carefully lower himself as to not make a sound.  At the speed the descent was taking they would soon reach the bottom of the elevator shaft, so Jacob slowly moved each hand down the cable.
Another tremor rumbled through the Region as the Ark edged over the ocean.  This one was greater than the last.  Jacob heard a loud rattle from a long piece of piping that had loosened above him.  He looked up and saw it brake away.  It pulled other debris with it and crashed against the cable he was holding.  Jacob lost grip with his left hand so he strengthened the grip with his right.  He used his left arm to shield himself from the falling debris.  Luckily the large piece of pipe narrowly avoided him.  Jacob’s right hand loosened with the final shockwave from the tremor.  He still held onto the cable but not tight enough to stay still.  He rapidly slid down the cable and landed awkwardly on top of the elevator’s cabin.  He bruised his right shoulder and grazed his thigh.
The elevator slowed and came to a halt.  It had arrived in an alleyway behind a busy high street.  Jacob kept quiet, he prayed the noise from the tremor and falling debris disguised his fall.  He looked up to see what his surroundings looked like.  For a moment he could not understand why an elevator to Esau’s palace would arrive at such a public location.  But after closer inspection it became apparent that it was cleverly disguised.  The steel girders merged with the surrounding tall brick buildings and the alleyway was secured by a six foot brick wall.  Unless the cage was on ground level there would be no way of knowing the whereabouts of the elevator.  It was the perfect escape route for Esau, he could lift his hood up and blend into the crowds.    
Esau slid open the cabin’s door and walked out into the alleyway.  He closed the door and pressed the red button on the outside of the cage.  It beeped and the elevator started to slowly ascend.  Esau raised his hood and walked across the alleyway where he unlocked a steel wired door.  Upon seeing Esau leave the alleyway Jacob climbed down from the elevator just in time before it was too far to jump down safely.  He rolled along the ground and jumped to his feet.  His arm and leg ached from the fall but he did not stand still.  Jacob limped across the alleyway and luckily Esau had not locked the steel door.  He looked to his right and could see Esau walk between the crowds of people.
The two tremors had not caused too much panic, to the majority of the population nothing was seriously wrong.  Whilst the tremors could be violent they were a common occurrence over the years.  Esau had left a message with his men not to alert the general public to the disturbances caused by the unwelcomed guests.  The street was similar to that Jacob had walked down when he had first entered the Ark.  The people looked decent, and the buildings were tall built from magnificent pillars of brick and glass.  Jacob received a few glares from passers-by with his rugged appearance.  He picked up his pace to catch up with Esau.  For now he had to keep a safe distance as not to rouse suspicion but would have to make a move the moment Esau looked like he was about to escape.
The street they walked down led to what appeared to be a station.  Two heavy beams of track ran from between the skyscrapers and lowered into the station.  A monorail arrived but it looked different to the one Jacob had seen before.  It was not nearly as modern as the one he had previously laid his eyes on.  It was older, built from a metal squared frame glass cubicle.  The frame was covered in dirt and rust. The station itself looked like a huge glass greenhouse, each panel reflected the lights from the skyscrapers.  Stone steps led up to the station and food vendors were camped outside who sold burgers and confectionary to hungry travellers.
Esau walked up the steps and into the station, Jacob followed closely behind.  Inside the station it was not as hectic as the busy street outside.  There were barriers inside the entrance where Esau scanned his wrist and walked through.  Jacob went to scan his wrist but to his dismay the band Caster had given him had fallen off.  He stepped away from the barrier and watched Esau walk along the concrete platform and wait for the monorail to arrive.  Jacob anxiously tried to think of a way to get across.  The monorail came to a halt and its doors opened.  Esau stepped onto the front carriage and took a seat on a plastic red chair.  Jacob looked either side and saw two security guards overlooking the station.  They were not as menacing as the guards and soldiers Jacob had already faced, in fact they barely seemed like they could win a fight against a child.  Jacob had come to a decision, he took a couple of steps back and ran at the barrier, and jumped over and rushed toward the carriages.
“Hey!” alarms sounded as the security guards shouted.  
Jacob did not look back he focused on Esau.  Esau’s face dropped when he saw Jacob running down the platform towards him.  He shot to his feet and kicked open the door to the driver’s cabin.
“Pull away now!” he demanded.
The small fat driver turned around. “On whose authority?” he snapped back.
“On my god dam authority!” Esau lifted down his hood and glared at the driver.  Instantly recognising Esau the driver pulled the leaver to shut the doors and pressed down on the accelerator.  The doors slammed shut and the monorail began to pull away.  The few passengers left on the coaches were left bemused at the sudden departure.  Esau turned around and walked down the coach focused on Jacob.
“Hey aren’t you…?” a passenger stood in front of Esau.
“No I’m not,” Esau shoved the passenger onto the floor.
Jacob sprinted for the monorail before it left the station.  He ran next to the moving coaches and banged his hand against the door of the rear coach.  The window cracked and the door panel loosened.  Jacob used his weight to jump through the door and into the coach.  Jacob had ten coaches to pass through before he could reach Esau.
Esau walked back to the cabin and pulled out his pistol and kept it to his side.  He leaned over the driver and placed his hands on the dash board. “Can you speed this up? I want get to Region One as quickly as possible.”
“Sir if I accelerate too fast I’ll will derail us,” the driver quivered.
Esau lifted the gun to the driver’s head and rested his finger on the trigger. “It was a rhetorical question,” he whispered in the driver’s ear.
The driver nodded nervously, he pressed harder on the accelerator and the monorail’s speed increased.  The lights in each coach flickered as they rocked from side to side with the acceleration.  Esau went back into the coach and fired the gun at one of the windows.  The bullet shattered the small thin pane of glass.  The passengers held their hands to their faces in fear.
“I want everyone to the rear coach, anyone stays and I will shoot you.  Tell that to everyone you pass!” Esau shouted.  He anticipated the rush of people would at least slow down Jacob’s approach.
Jacob had already made his way through three coaches when the crowd of people began to rush past him.  He was caught up in the horde and unable to move forwards.  Another tremor stopped the movement of crowd.  Some of the passengers were thrown to the floor of the coach.  The tremor was the strongest one yet, the monorail was almost pulled from its track.  An old woman was hurled into Jacob, he did his best to hold her up and prevent her from hurting herself.  She looked up and smiled to thank him.
The monorail was travelling through a dense neighbourhood.  The rail was enclosed by old brick buildings.  Loosened red bricks were torn from buildings and showered the coach.  The roof was dented by the failing debris and the windows cracked.  Just ahead a huge partition broke away from the tallest building in the neighbourhood.  It towered over everything else and leant over the rail.  The tremors continued and became increasingly violent, it was only a matter of time before the building collapsed.
With the crowds of people temporarily disabled, Jacob used this opportunity to make his way through the remaining coaches.  He weaved his way through the passengers and reached coach five just as it passed the leaning building.  Unfortunately for those who were in the rear two coaches the building collapsed directly on top of them.  The steel supports at the bottom of the building gave way and thousands of tons of bricks crumpled over the rail.  The rear two coaches were caught under the bricks and were ripped away from the rest of the monorail.  Those passengers in the coaches were crushed to death.  The speed of the monorail helped it maintain its forward motion.  The now damaged rear of the monorail scrapped along the rail.  Sparks ignited and a small fire grew at the rear.  There was one last shockwave from the tremor and two passengers were thrown out of the coach.
Unbeknown to them this latest tremor was caused not only by the increasing crack in the magnetic panels underneath the Ark, but a panel a hundred metres wide which broke free and dropped into the ocean.  The magnetic pulse from the panel caused the water to react viciously.  The water receded and returned with waves fifty metres high continuously battering the cliff face.
All the passengers were now in the remaining rear coaches and left the front four vacant.  Jacob hurried through the remaining coaches.  He looked outside as the monorail hurtled above another district.  This one mainly consisted of houses unlike the towers of apartments and skyscrapers in the districts before it.  Jacob could only make out little details of the small houses in the urban suburb.  The suburb was in the shadow of the skyline of the previous district, from which hundreds of old tall brick buildings had either collapsed who were heavily damaged by the previous tremor.  The skyline of the older district looked like that of a war zone.
They left the shadow of Region Three and Jacob could see the horizon.  The dark night’s sky switched to a dull and cloudy morning.  Jacob reached the second coach and finally laid his eyes on Esau.  Esau too saw Jacob, he sneered and raised his gun.  He fired several shots and shattered the glass door that separated the coaches.  Jacob dived for cover behind the plastic chairs.  Between the loud clattering of the monorail moving forwards Jacob heard the patter of rain.  Droplets dripped through cracks in the ceiling from where the coach had been battered by the failing debris.
Esau lowered his gun and stepped forward.  He poured the empty shells onto the floor.  “Give up Jacob you cannot win!” Esau shouted.
The monorail had passed over the suburb and was now travelled across the river that separated Region One and Two.  Waves created from the tremor attacked the giant windmills, some of which had fallen into the river.  A wave raced down the river and engulfed the monorail.  Esau lost his balance as the viscous body of water hit.
“Separate the other coaches!” Esau called out to the driver.
“Yes Sir,” the driver acknowledged.  Following his orders the driver moved his hand over a panel of ten buttons, one for each coach.  Eight of the buttons were lit up the other two switched off after the two rear coaches had separated.  One by one the driver pressed six of the buttons.  With each button pressed a coach parted.  He continued until all six were pressed and Jacob and Esau were left alone together, with the exception of the driver.
“How far to the next station?” Esau asked.
“About two minutes,” the driver replied.
“Good,” Esau murmured to himself.  He grabbed six more shells from his pocket and loaded his gun.  Esau approached the broken door to the other coach, he tried to slide it open but the metal frame was bent so it would not budge.  Esau raised his foot and kicked it open.  He slowly approached a hidden Jacob, who peered through the chair.  “Come on Jacob stand up like a man.”
Jacob closed his eyes and tried to slow his breathing.  Ahead the driver saw a problem, a factory that over hanged the station had collapsed into the station.  The track had broken and they were heading for a crash.  The driver reacted quickly and slammed his hand on the big red emergency stop button.  The breaks screeched against the rail and Esau was hurled down the aisle of the coach.  Despite the ferocity of the breaks it was not enough to bring the monorail to a halt, it had simply picked up too much speed.  The driver screamed as the front coached crumbled against the destroyed station.  The other coach bolted left and separated from the rail.  It fell against the rubble and rolled along the vacant street.  Esau and Jacob were tossed in the air.  The coach ripped in two and Jacob was flung out into the road.  Esau remained in the broken coach as it smashed through a factory wall.
Jacob lay on the wet tarmac, the side of his face lay in a shallow puddle.  The rain continued to fall around him.  He opened his eyes to what looked like familiar surroundings.  The road was laid with similar tarmac to that he had spent days walking along.  The factories and warehouses were built from dull brown bricks or rusty corrugated iron sheets.  The smog from the nearby chimneys had been cleared by the downpour of rain.  To the side of the factories Jacob saw the hundred foot iron and aluminium wall that surrounded the Ark; he was near the edge.
The street had been emptied by the continuous sound of an air raid siren.  Jacob placed his bruised palms on the floor and lifted himself up.  He looked around and saw a trail of scratches on the tarmac.  At the end of the road lay the ruined coach buried underneath iron panels.  Jacob limped over to find Esau.  He clenched his fist to help the stiffness disappear.  Jacob stepped over the rubble lined up before the warehouse.  He lifted himself over the broken wall and jumped inside.
The interior of the warehouse was filled with soaring pillars of shelving stacked with pallets of materials.  The shelf nearest Jacob had buckled and now lent against the wall.  Ripped bags of cement were spewed out all over the place from the fallen pallets.  Jacob peered into the crushed coach but could not see any sign of Esau that was until he felt the barrel of a gun pressed against the back of his head.
“You know what Jacob I’m the ruler of this decrepit world and yet here I am standing in a disgusting ruined warehouse trying to escape you.  My estranged so called brother.  I think it’s time I put your legend to sleep and help us both move on,” Esau callously spoke.
“Well sorry to disappoint you,” Jacob swiftly moved his head and swept his leg round to knock Esau off his feet.
Esau fell backwards and tripped over a bag of cement.  The gun flew from his hand and slid underneath one of the shelves.  Jacob watched the movement of the gun and ran toward it.  Esau reached out to stop Jacob and grabbed his ankle.  He pulled and brought Jacob down to the floor beside him.  Esau reached over with his other hand and punched Jacob in the face.  He sat up next to Jacob and hit him with a flurry of punches.  Jacob did he best to protect himself from the beating, but he was momentarily defenceless so Esau crawled over to the shelf and tried to reach for the gun.  As he reached Esau’s shoulder pressed against the weakened lower wooden shelf.  It cracked and gave way.  The gun became unreachable under a dense bag of sand.
“Damn it,” Esau groaned.  He leaned back and gripped his hands around Jacob’s throat.
Jacob was still too dazed from the beating to stop him.  Esau gripped tighter and tighter until he was choking him.  Jacob coughed and tried to wriggle free as he realised what was going on.  He tried to fight back but Esau was too strong.  Jacob looked left and from the corner of his eye spotted a small piece of rubble.  He reached out and grasped it in his hand. With what energy he had left he hit Esau over the head.  Esau released Jacob and rolled on the ground in pain, he wiped his head and felt blood with his hand.  To Esau the room was spinning, his vision was blurred and he lost sense of where he was for a moment.  Jacob rubbed his sore neck, he coughed and sat up.  He looked over at Esau who crawled along the floor.
“Hey,” Jacob tried to shout but his throat was too sore.
Esau looked back at Jacob and crawled away.  He climbed up and jumped over the wall into the street to try and escape yet again.  Jacob rolled onto his feet and staggered through the warehouse and climbed outside.  They both stumbled through the street.  Esau headed past the ruined station and towards the wall.  Next to an unmanned security post were a set of ladders that led to the top of the wall.  Small steel bars rose vertically along the wall.  Esau jumped at the ladder and began his climb.  Jacob ran to Esau and tried to grab his foot.  Esau saw Jacob coming and kicked him in the face.  Jacob stumbled backwards in the rain and Esau gained some distance up the ladder.
Jacob wiped away blood from his nose and spat on the floor.  He rubbed his hands against his damp legs to try and remove some moisture so he could get a better grip.  Jacob started to climb quickly to try and catch Esau before he reached the top.  The wind picked up the higher they climbed and the rain intensified.  Jacob had to keep wiping the rain from his face so he could see above.  
Within ten minutes an exhausted Esau reached the top.  He climbed over the edge and looked over at Jacob who had also almost reached the top.
“End of the line brother,” Esau smirked.
Jacob looked up at Esau. “Is this how you want to end it?”
Before Esau could reply there was another tremor, albeit a minor one but it still caused Esau to slip on the rain soaked floor and fall over.  Jacob grabbed on to the steel bars and stopped himself from falling, upon seeing Esau had fallen Jacob seized on the opportunity and pulled himself to the top.  The top of the wall was narrow with just enough width to fit two people.  A metal barrier ran along the top.  Esau was pressed against the barrier and picked himself up.  They were stood ten metres apart, one side overlooking the factories and warehouses of Region One and the other overlooking the intense waves of the ocean.
“We don’t have to do this brother,” Esau held his palm to Jacob, and held the barrier with his other hand.  “Join me, look around you.  That magnificent city that stands before you can be yours.”
“And why should I trust you, from the moment you knew my whereabouts you have tried to have me killed!” Jacob snapped.
“Nonsense I have merely tried to remove those around you, they have lied to you Jacob.  They only want to use you for their own gain.”
“Then why take Beth and Freyja?”
“You’re forgetting who swiped you from our father to begin with.  Beth knew of your importance to him.  For a long time only one sibling was born to each family, the world’s population is at its lowest.  You Jacob were our father’s hope and vision to change that.  Your body carries the gene needed to change that.”
“Bullshit, you want that gene to continue to control everyone, you won’t use it for good you’ll lock it away.”
“And what will you do, re populate Pangaea?” Esau pulled away his hand and laughed.  “Your band of men do not nearly possess the right technology to utilise the gene.  I do.”
There was another minor tremor, they both held on tight to the barrier to stay on their feet.  The last two tremors had lessened in intensity.
“You’re running out of time Esau, soon your city will collapse into the ocean and what then? You will have led millions of people to their death.”
Esau shook his head and laughed. “My dear brother, that tremor was not because my city continues to reach over the ocean, it’s is because my men have turned her around.  Press your hands on the floor and feel the movement.  You have lost Jacob, you stand here alone with no help from anyone.  I outmatch you.”
Jacob slowly crouched down and placed his hand on the floor.  To his surprise Esau was right, he could feel a tiny tremble on the floor.  Small particles of dust rattled on the floor and moved away from the ocean.  Jacob was nearly out of options, he stood unarmed on the side of the Ark with no real escape other than a life threatening drop into the ocean.
“What will it be brother?” A more confident Esau let go of the barrier and held his arms out.
Jacob looked over at the Ark and then into the ocean, he raised his head and glared at Esau.  He gritted his teeth and lunged forward.  Jacob speared Esau in the stomach and they hit against the barrier.  Esau used his elbows to hit Jacob in the back.  Jacob pulled away and they both smiled at each with their fists held up.
“You show some guts brother, I’ll give you that,” Esau smirked.
“Your forgetting I’ve spent the last few years learning from Atreus and he is twice the warrior you will ever be,” Jacob leered back.
“Is that so?” Esau swung a punch but missed as Jacob leant back.
Jacob returned with a punch of his own to Esau’s jaw, followed by a sharp jab in his gut.  Esau spat out blood but managed to avoid a third swing, he grabbed Jacob’s swinging arm and elbowed him across the head.  Esau managed to grab the back of Jacob’s head and kneed him in the stomach.  He pulled Jacob away and punched him in the face.  Jacob staggered backwards.  They stood opposite each with a bleeding lip and soaked face.
“Join me brother,” Esau asked one last time.
“Never,” Jacob growled.  
Jacob pounced at Esau who slipped on the wet surface and clobbered him with his shoulder.  Esau lost his footing and fell over the metal barrier.  Jacob had to look twice, he was temporarily stunned, unsure if he had just killed his brother.  Between the thrashings of the rain he heard a call for help.  Jacob leaned over the barrier and to no surprise Esau clung onto the jagged edge of the barrier with his right arm.
“Brother help me,” Esau pleaded.
Jacob did not respond he simply glared down at Esau.
“Please brother, I cannot hold on for much longer,” Esau’s hand slipped in the rain.
Jacob was unsure what to do, he could let him fall and take his place in the Ark and help the world change, or stop his brother from falling to his death.
“Brother!” Esau wept.
Jacob was not the merciless type, he felt sorrow for the crow even though it was only a bird.  The death of his brother and the subsequent guilt was a reality Jacob could not live with.  He bent over and reached for Esau’s hand.  Esau thankfully grabbed on.  Jacob rested his body weight against the barrier and used both hands to pull Esau to safety.  They both tumbled to the floor and sat opposite each other.
“You don’t have to emulate our father Esau, you can change, and you can be different.  Create a new dynasty which no-one has seen before, show the world that there is a future outside of the Ark.  If you do I will stand by your side every step of the way,” Jacob stood up.
“You show great humility brother, of which I have not seen in a person before.  Too bad I don’t,” Esau jumped at Jacob and grabbed him by the neck.  “The moment you were born I swore to my father I would not rest until I saw the last breath leave your rotting corpse, it’s a shame I won’t get to see it from the bottom of the ocean.”  Esau pushed Jacob away and punched him one final time.
The impact knocked Jacob against the barrier and the momentum carried him over.  This time Jacob could not grab onto anything and unlike Esau he plummeted into the ocean below.  As Jacob fell weightlessly downwards he looked up at Esau’s evil sneer.  Jacob’s arms and legged waved in the air, he tried to rotate his body so he could enter the water the best his could.  He quickly descended away from the Ark and the ocean came closer and closer.  He managed to lower his legs just as he reached the water.  His body entered the ocean vertically like a bullet.  Jacob closed his eyes and mouth the best he could as he sank into the dark abyss.






CHAPTER TWENTY TWO


A seagull swooped through the warmth of the afternoon sun.  The storm clouds had dispersed and the ocean had calmed.  The Ark had since edged away from the ocean and was now slowly headed inland to safety.  The bird glided near the crystal clear water and stalked the small fish that swam near the surface.  Upon eyeing its prey the seagull gracefully looped vertically into the air, it rotated its body and closed in its wings.  Aimed like a dart the seagull shot into the water without causing a ripple.  It used its webbed feet to push through the current and caught the fish in its beak.  With the fish caught the seagull kicked toward the surface and dashed from out the water.  It spread out its wings and lifted into the air.  Its beak firmly held onto the wriggling fish.
Others seagulls joined it in the hunt for food, but with its fish caught this seagull flew away from the others.  It looked around for a place to stop and enjoy its meal.  There was a large fishing boat not too far away.  The seagull soared into the air and then glided down to the boat.  The boat was similar to the one Atreus had captained for so many years, except this one was twice the size.  The firm steel hull crashed through the calm waters as it moved quickly onwards.  On top of the wooden cabin a satellite dish rotated slowly.  To the rear of the boat lay a sturdy helipad with Max’s helicopter parked on it.  Max had successfully managed to guide the helicopter away from the grasp of the Ark.
The seagull landed on top of the cabin next to the satellite dish and dropped its food. It pinched at the fish with its beak and enjoyed the afternoon feast.  Underneath the seagull, in the cabin, the boat was steered by Max’s old, short and overweight father.  His long beard was unkempt and grey but it help to keep him warm along with his cotton overalls.  Atreus had taken Beth below deck and rested her on the captain’s bed, he did the best with what he had to stop the bleeding.  Rebekah and Freyja sat by her side as she came in and out of consciousness.  Rebekah used a damp cloth to wipe Beth’s forehead and try and keep her rapidly rising temperature down.
On deck Atreus looked out from the hull and scanned the shore.  Caster stood opposite and glanced out into the vacant horizon.  They were both looking for any sign of Jacob.  Max and Astrid sat in the cabin with Max’s father.  Astrid rested her head on Max’s shoulders with her eyes closed.
“How do we even know Jacob is out there?” Atreus wondered.
“I told you before I had spotters all over the land, once of them was sure they saw Jacob fall into the ocean, dead or alive his body will wash up somewhere,” Caster replied.
“Caster we have been searching for six hours, unfortunately I think our time is up,” although Atreus did not want to admit it he knew Jacob’s chances of survival were minimal.
“Keep the faith,” Caster walked over to Atreus.
Freyja headed up the wooden steps onto the deck.  She stretched her arms and stood to the other side of Atreus.
“How is she?” Atreus asked.
“No good, she keeps coming in and out of conscience, I’m not sure how long she is going to last,” Freyja said as the tears rolled down her pale cheeks.
Atreus put his arm around Freyja and held her head against his shoulder. “All we can do is make her as comfortable as possible.”
“Hey, what’s that?” Freyja lifted her head and pointed out to a collection of rocks near the shore.
Atreus moved his arm from her shoulder. “Caster pass me those binoculars.”  Caster handed them to Atreus, he raised them to his eyes and focused on where Freyja was pointing.  He examined each rock before found what they were searching for. “It’s Jacob!” Atreus shouted.
“Max!” Caster shouted.
Max walked from out the cabin. “What’s with all the shouting?”
“We’ve found Jacob, get you father to turn and head toward those rocks near the shore,” Caster directed.
“You heard him,” Max turned to his father.
The boat changed its course and the engines roared.  They quickly sailed through the water toward the rocks.  Max’s father had to stop the boat near them but he could not quite get to Jacob due to their jagged edges.
“We can’t get any closer!” Max shouted from the cabin.
Atreus untied his boots and removed them, he rolled up his sleeves and sat on the edge of the boat.
“What are you doing?” Freyja asked.
“Rescuing him obviously,” Atreus said.  He dived into the cold crisp water and swam through the maze of rocks.  Jacob’s lifeless body lay face down on a flat rock in the middle of the cluster.  Atreus reached the rock and tried to climb up but the surface was covered with a slippery slime.  Atreus circled the rock and faced Jacob, he managed to hold on with one hand whilst he felt his pulse.
“He’s still alive!” Atreus shouted as he felt the faintest of heartbeats.  He grabbed Jacob’s arm and dragged him into the water.  Atreus wrapped one of his arms around Jacob’s chest to keep him afloat and used the other to push himself away from the rock.  He slowly swam back to the boat.
“Throw me a rope,” Atreus called up.
Caster looked around to see what he could find, he opened a small chest next to the cabin.  Inside was a mixture of tools and a long heavy rope.  Caster picked it up and unravelled it.  He lowered one end down the side of the boat and held tightly onto the rest.  “Here you go,” he shouted back.
Atreus reached the boat and began to tread water.  He grabbed the rope and wrapped it around Jacob, he tied a knot and pulled on the rope.
Caster simultaneously pushed against the side of the boat and pulled Jacob upwards out of the water.  He pulled gently as not to hit Jacob’s head against the side.  Atreus climbed up onto the deck using the small ladders attached to the outside of the vessel.  As Jacob’s body reached the top of the side, Freyja helped Caster lift him over.  Jacob rolled along the deck and lay on his back.  He choked on the seawater left in his throat.
“Quick do something!” Freyja crouched at Jacob’s side and pulled Caster down with her.
Caster turned Jacob onto his side and patted him on the back.  Jacob coughed up the water from his lungs and the liquid swept out onto the floor.  Jacob took a long deep breath of air and opened his eyes.  He rolled back onto his back and lay looking into the clear blue sky.
“What happened?” he murmured.
“We were hoping you could tell us that,” Caster smiled.
A soaked Atreus climbed on board. “Max tell your father to continue south,” he spat the unsavoury salt water from his mouth.  He walked over to Jacob and stood over him. “So it looks like you survived.”
Jacob sluggishly sat up, he rubbed his face and relaxed his breathing. “Where’s Beth?”
“She’s below deck, but Jacob concentrate on yourself for a moment you’ve been through a lot,” Atreus tried to keep Jacob seated.
Jacob pushed Atreus aside. “No I need to see her now,” he got to his feet and looked around for the steps that led below. On locating them he stumbled below deck.
“Leave him,” Atreus stopped Freyja from following him.
Jacob entered the poorly lit room, he stood at the doorway and tearfully glared at the sight before him.  
“Jacob,” Rebekah released Beth’s hand and hurried to her son.  She lovingly hugged him.
“Sorry if I’m wet,” Jacob apologised.
“It’s alright,” Rebekah chuckled.
“How is she?” Jacob worried.
“I’m sorry Jacob, Atreus has done what he could to try and stop the bleeding but the bullet went too deep.  Just sit by her side and hold her hand, she would be so proud of you,” Rebekah released Jacob and let him approach the bed.  “I’ll leave you with her,” Rebekah left the room.
Jacob sat on the edge of the bed and grasped Beth’s warm, moist hand.  Her breathing had slowed and her forehead dripped with sweat.  
“You know I swore I’d never step foot on another fishing boat after setting out on my big adventure and look at me now, back where I started,” Jacob joked.  “Do you remember when I was younger, we would stand on the harbour and watch the fishing boats return for the winter.  I would always tell you one day I would steal one of the boats, take you south away from cold and find us a remote house overlooking our farm in the warmth.”  The blanket was now sprinkled with Jacob’s tears.  He picked up the cloth Rebekah had left behind and wiped Beth’s forehead.  She stirred and clenched his hand, “Beth?”
She barely had the energy to open her eyes, but struggled through none the less.  She saw the blurred image of Jacob and smiled. “Hey,” she whimpered.
“Hey you,” Jacob cried.  Beth tried to talk but Jacob interrupted, “Don’t save your energy.”
“Did you do it?” Beth asked.
“Do what?” Jacob replied.
“Defeat Esau?”
Jacob paused, he did not know how to reply, whilst he did not want to lie to her, he could not tell her that he had lost his fight with Esau after he had shot her, especially if these were to be her last moments, “Yes Esau is no more, we have won,” he lied.
Beth grinned at Jacob. “You have become the warrior I knew you always would be.  Do not stop your journey, this is only the beginning of your legacy.” She spluttered and coughed up some blood.
“Beth you need to preserve your energy,” Jacob wiped away the flood of tears from his cheek.
“Jacob, I have lived my life, I have watched you become the man you are today, I know I don’t have long.  Just sit here with me.”  Beth’s voice faded as she closed her eyes.
“Whatever you say,” Jacob kissed her hand.  He then lay on the bed and cuddled up next to her.  He took her in his arms and lay with her.
“I love you Jacob,” Beth whispered.
“I love you too,” Jacob kissed her forehead.  He lay with her for an hour as her breathing slowed.  After an hour her body cooled down and her grip on his hand lessened.  Beth slowly slipped from Jacob’s grasp and her breathing stopped.  Her hand fell from his and rested on the bed.  He sat for another hour tearfully embraced with her cold lifeless body.
The boat had steadily continued along the shore headed south.  The blue sky had faded and the night sky rose.  For a moment the boat stopped and anchored itself still.  Everyone on board huddled around in a circle up on deck.  They surrounded Beth’s motionless body.  She lay unresponsive on a raft of wooden planks enclosed with straw and hay.  Max and Caster tied ropes at each corner of the raft and used the winch on the boat to lift it up from the deck.  They carefully winched the raft above their heads and rotated it over the edge of the boat.  Beth now dangled over the water.
“Do you want to say something Jacob?” Atreus asked as her body lowered.
Jacob walked to the edge of the boat, Caster stopped the winch.  “Goodbye Beth,” Jacob kissed his hand and placed it on her forehead.
Caster nodded to Max and they continued to lower her into the ocean.  Jacob stood back from the raft and watched it descend.  Atreus stood next to Jacob and reassuringly placed his arm around his shoulder.  Atreus spoke a prayer as the ropes unhooked from the raft.
“Hel, great goddess, daughter of Loki, she who guards the spirits of the dead, our friend Beth has come to you now.  As Beth kneels before you, Hel, know how much she was loved in this life, and how many she loved in return before she crossed over…” 
The current took the raft away from the boat and Beth floated into the darkness.  Max’s father handed Jacob a wooden stick wrapped with a cloth soaked in gasoline.  He pulled out his lighter and lit the flame.  Jacob leaned over the side and stared down at Beth, he threw the stick onto the raft and it engulfed in fire.
“She was an honourable soul, a soaring spirit, a brave warrior.  Watch over her, Hel, as she crosses the bridge, from this life to the next.  And welcome her with glory, that she may love on forever in our hearts and memories,” Atreus finished his prayer and lowered his head.
Everyone stood in a moment of silence as the fire roared.  Jacob looked up and glared at the flames.  He watched as they danced around Beth’s still body.  The flames spiralled into the air along with the energy from her body.  Jacob frowned with tears falling from his eyes.  He quietly promised himself and Beth that he would once again return to face Esau and take his revenge.  There was one thing for certain Jacob had learned over the several weeks that had passed, his fate had not yet been written, he would not be the tale spoken about by drunken sailors in run down bars, but his tale would be that of the legend of Pangaea.



