Paolo Bacigalupi (ology)

Blue Tyson

Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2010 Blue Tyson

Second edition May 2010

INTRODUCTION

This book is about the work of science fiction writer Paolo Bacigalupi, and is a companion to the Paolo Bacigalupi (ology) website http://paolobacigalupi.blogspot.com and collects the content found at the site. The various entries and elements can also be browsed there.

Bacigalupi is a writer often working in the near future dystopia subgenre, with the major work being a series of stories set in a post-oil Thailand striving to resist food monopolies.

The book contains an analysis of the elements of his published stories, plus summaries of the work explaining what they are about, and a classification.

It also contains details of and links to free works online, encyclopedia, bibliography, interview and other such reference works, as well as the author's presence on the internet and other categories of interest.

There is also a concordance for each story included at the end, with the stories in alphabetical order.

The works appear here in reverse chronological order of appearance at Paolo Bacigalupi (ology).



CATEGORISATION 

The tags with a "z " prefix:

The works are tagged by the type of story, and by length (novella, novelette, short story, etc.).

Elements of the story are broken down into types of characters, places, concepts, technology, vehicles, weapons, food, media, races, animals and plants.

The tags with a "zz " prefix:

These are references to the work the elementis from.

The numeric tags:

These are references to the approximate relative importance of the element as follows : 

4.0 = Major element
3.5 = Standard element
3.0 = Minor element

A 0.0 indicates that the story, work or reference is one for which I have not seen an actual complete copy.

Characters being the most important elements, the "z " tags are self-explanatory, and the numbers correspond:

5.0 = Series character
4.5 = Recurring character
4.0 = Major character
3.5 = Supporting character
3.0 = Minor character

Explanation of story ratings here :-

If the entry is an actual fictional work such as a Short Story, the number is my opinion of its quality, as per this breakdown:

5.0 = Outstanding
4.5 = Excellent
4.0 = Very Good
3.5 = Good
3.0 = Average
2.5 = Poor
2.0 = Bad
1.5 = Very Bad
1.0 = Terrible

Please note that there is no analysis of the children's book "Ship Breaker". 
You can email corrections to aussievamp2@gmail.com, or comment on the blog at http://paolobacigalupi.blogspot.com

Blue Tyson, May 19, 2010.TITLES 701
CONTENT 701
TERMS 2103
1.

The Big Idea - Paolo Bacigalupi : z non-fiction - article - 4.0 

"Based on what I’ve seen of global food companies, and my own–admittedly megalomaniacal―impulses, I started scheming about how I’d run an international food corporation if I really wanted to get profits rolling. First, I’d want to get rid of competing crops. So I’d manufacture food blights to kill anything that wasn’t my own genetically resistant seedstock. Then I’d bring out the Terminator gene, so that no one could ever replant my patented seed. And then of course I’d jack up the price, and wallow in all that money."

http://whatever.scalzi.com/2009/09/24/the-big-idea-paolo-bacigalupi/

2.

The Calorie Man - Paolo Bacigalupi : z online work - 5.0 - science fiction 

Online story.

http://freesf.blogspot.com/2009/04/calorie-man-paolo-bacigalupi.html

3.

The Fluted Girl - Paolo Bacigalupi : z online work - 3.5 - science fiction 

Online story.

http://freesf.blogspot.com/2008/03/fluted-girl-paolo-bacigalupi.html

4.

The Gambler - Paolo Bacigalupi : 4.5 - z online work - science fiction 

Online story.

http://freesf.blogspot.com/2008/11/gambler-paolo-bacigalupi.html

5.

Website - Paolo Bacigalupi : z non-fiction - 4.5 - website 

Author's website with appropriate info.

http://windupstories.com/

6.

Wikipedia - Paolo Bacigalupi : z non-fiction - 3.5 - encyclopedia 

Online encyclopedia entry.  Fairly brief, with awards nomination info.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paolo_Bacigalupi

7.

ISFDB Bibliography - Paolo Bacigalupi : z non-fiction - 5.0 - bibliography 

With his publications, print and electronic.

http://www.isfdb.org/cgi-bin/ea.cgi?Paolo_Bacigalupi

8.

Author Photograph - Paolo Bacigalupi : z photograph - professional - 4.0 

One grinning writer.

http://windupstories.com/wp-content/uploads/2008/01/paolobacigalupiauthorphoto300dpi.jpg

9.

The People Of Sand and Slag - Paolo Bacigalupi : 4.5 - z online work - science fiction 

Online story.

http://freesf.blogspot.com/2008/03/people-of-sand-and-slag-paolo.html

10.

Keeping An Eye On - Paolo Bacigalupi : z non-fiction - 4.5 - interview 

"On the other hand, if we're all photosynthesizing, maybe that causes mass equatorial migration, so we can maximize our children's health and access to sunlight, so the sun-deprived north wages war on the equatorial zones for better sunlight territory. I think Alaska basically depopulates. Of course, then the question really is... can we *only* photosynthesize? Or is it supplemental energy? Maybe the effect is that we keep eating just like always, but we're also photosynthesizing, and so we GET REALLY OBESE, and just lie around as giant green lumps on lawn chairs, soaking up free sun food and doing nothing else at all."

http://yetistomper.blogspot.com/2009/09/keeping-eye-on-paolo-bacigalupi.html

http://www.sfsignal.com/archives/2009/09/interview-paolo-bacigalupi/

11.

Pocketful Of Dharma - Paolo Bacigalupi : z online work - 4.0 - science fiction 

Online story.

http://freesf.blogspot.com/2009/12/pocketful-of-dharma-paolo-bacigalupi.html

12.

Pop Squad - Paolo Bacigalupi : 4.5 - z online work - science fiction 

Online story.

http://freesf.blogspot.com/2009/04/pop-squad-paolo-bacigalupi.html

13.

Pump Six - Paolo Bacigalupi : z online work - 4.0 - science fiction 

Online story.

http://freesf.blogspot.com/2008/10/pump-six-paolo-bacigalupi.html

14.

Talks About New Directions for Hard Science Fiction - Paolo Bacigalupi : z non-fiction - article - 4.0 

"But somebody needs to bring those offstage questions on stage. Where does energy come from? Where does the food come from? Where did the building block materials come from for whatever we're doing. We have a perception of post-scarcity already. And that problem is rife in SF. I'd like to SF touch on those questions – it will inform the society we'll build and the objects we'll build in the future. Or what we think of as a reasonably-designed house or computer screen. Resources define design, and we're designing worlds. So those questions need to be engaged with a lot more."

http://io9.com/5361970/paolo-bacigalupi-talks-about-new-directions-for-hard-science-fiction

15.

The Tamarisk Hunter - Paolo Bacigalupi : z online work - 4.0 - science fiction 

Online story.

http://freesf.blogspot.com/2007/06/tamarisk-hunter-paolo-bacigalupi.html

16.

The Windup Girl 1-9 - Paolo Bacigalupi : z online excerpt - 5.0 - science fiction 

Online novel excerpt.

http://freesf.blogspot.com/2009/09/windup-girl-1-9-paolo-bacigalupi.html

17.

Yellow Card Man - Paolo Bacigalupi : z online work - 4.0 - science fiction 

Online story.

http://freesf.blogspot.com/2007/05/yellow-card-paolo-bacigalupi.html

18.

Webscriptions - Paolo Bacigalupi : publisher - z in print - 5.0 

Ebooks of the great collection and novel at the best provider, thanks to Night Shade Books.

http://www.webscription.net/s-191-paolo-bacigalupi.aspx

19.

Night Shade Books - Paolo Bacigalupi : publisher - z in print - 5.0 

His publisher, dead tree version.

http://nightshadebooks.com/cart.php?m=search_resultssearch=bacigalupi

20.

Ecogeek of the Week - Paolo Bacigalupi : z non-fiction - interview - 4.0 

""Paolo Bacigalupi is one of the most exciting of the new breed of short story writers, one whose ecological focus, unflinching penchant for hard truth, and exacting prose is garnering attention inside and outside of the genre." He is a four-time Hugo Award Nominee, a Nebula Nominee, and the winner of the Theodore Sturgeon Award for best science fiction short story of the year. His novel THE WINDUP GIRL will be released this fall from Night Shade Books. He maintains a website at windupstories.com. Sample stories from his first collection, "Pump Six and Other Stories," can be found at his website, as well. His story "The Gambler" was recently nominated for a 2009 Hugo for Best Novelette and you can read it online via Pyr Books."

http://www.ecogeek.org/content/view/2665/73/

21.

Living Beyond the End: On Pump Six and Other Stories by Paolo Bacigalupi - Matthew Cheney : z non-fiction - 4.5 - essay 

"Paolo Bacigalupi’s stories echo and build upon the work of writers who came before him, and in some ways they feel like an extension of the better ecological science fiction of the 1970s; the imagined ecocatastrophes of that era lost some of their power through reiteration, and growing interest in genetic engineering and nanotechnology led to many stories of technological triumph over the nonhuman world (and nonhuman worlds). In Bacigalupi’s futures, whatever solution technology offers creates its own problems, and technological innovation is often a tool of the rich to shore up their defenses against the huddled masses yearning to breathe."

http://quarterlyconversation.com/pump-six-and-other-stories-by-paolo-bacigalupi

22.

Twitter - Paolo Bacigalupi : z non-fiction - blog - 5.0 

Real author updates.

http://twitter.com/paolobacigalupi

23.

The People Of Sand and Slag - Paolo Bacigalupi : z online audio - 4.5 - science fiction 

Audio reading of this story.


http://trashotron.com/agony/audio/2008/2008-news/030508-bacigalupi_rd.mp3

24.

Why Paolo Bacigalupi feels it's time for sci-fi to change - Nick Gevers : z non-fiction - 3.5 - article 

"I think the traditional tropes of science fiction are great. The old SF 'consensus future' was grounded in the explosion of aerospace technology and the Cold War, which seemed to make a certain set of futures inevitable—we were either getting off this rock or we were going to blow ourselves up. Those stories had power because they reflected the zeitgeist of the moment. I grew up on those stories, and they inspired me. But at some point you look around and realize there's a dissonance between SF's imagined future and our own current trends."
http://scifiwire.com/2009/09/paolo-bacigalupi.php

25.

The Windup Girl - Paolo Bacigalupi : publisher - z in print - 0.0 

Apparently there's an audio version.  Chance of hearing it is not high given it is crappy Audible DRM etc.

http://www.sffaudio.com/?p=10812

26.

A sci-fi writer and an environmental journalist explore their overlapping worlds - Paolo Bacigalupi : z non-fiction - interview - 4.0 

"We've known each other for many years now, and we've read each other's stories as they've developed. Many of your stories are based partly on things I've reported on as an environmental journalist -- drought, climate change, endocrine disruptors -- and it's interesting to see my reporting fictionalized in various frightening ways. So, Paolo, what I really brought you here to ask is this: Why do you keep ripping me off?"

http://www.grist.org/article/bacigalupi/

27.

Science Fiction Friday - Paolo Bacigalupi : z non-fiction - interview - 4.0 

"I'd stalked William Gibson at one point at a book signing and had asked him what his secret to success was.  You know I was a very hungry, very needy sort of writer and was just looking for any kind of a clue about how the whole thing worked.  I sort of hovered over his shoulder while he was signing other people's books.  I hit him with all of these questions and one of the things that he said was that he'd written short stories until somebody would take him seriously and that was when he managed to actually sell a novel.  So I sort of took that to heart and went home and sat down and was like: 'OK, so I need to write a short story.  How the fuck do I do this?'  

So I bought some science fiction magazines--fantasy and science fiction magazines and stuff-- and read all of the short stories in them and went, 'OK, I just need to write something better than any these things.'  I sat down and started banging away and eventually what I got was "Pocketful of Dharma."  "
http://www.pbs.org/kcet/wiredscience/blogs/2008/01/science-fiction-friday-paolo-b.html

28.

Locus Award - Paolo Bacigalupi : locus - z award - 5.0 

For Best Collection - Pump Six and Other Stories, 2009.

http://www.locusmag.com/SFAwards/Db/Locus.html

29.

Locus Award - Paolo Bacigalupi : locus - z award - 4.0 

For Best Novelette - Pump Six, 2009.

http://www.locusmag.com/SFAwards/Db/Locus.html

30.

Hugo Award Nomination - Paolo Bacigalupi : 4.5 - hugo - z award nomination 

2009: Nominated for Hugo Award for Best Novelette, for The Gambler

31.

Hugo Award Nomination - Paolo Bacigalupi : hugo - z award nomination - 4.0 

2007: Nominated for Hugo Award for Best Novelette, for Yellow Card Man

32.

Theodore Sturgeon Award - Paolo Bacigalupi : z award - 5.0 - theodore sturgeon 

2006: Won the Theodore Sturgeon Award for The Calorie Man 

33.

Hugo Award Nomination - Paolo Bacigalupi : hugo - 5.0 - z award nomination 

2006: Nominated for Hugo Award for Best Novelette for The Calorie Man

34.

Nebula Award Nomination - Paolo Bacigalupi : 4.5 - z award - nebula 

2006: Nominated for Nebula Award for Best Novelette for The People of Sand and Slag

35.

Hugo Award Nomination - Paolo Bacigalupi : 4.5 - hugo - z award nomination 

2005: Nominated for Hugo Award for Best Novelette for The People of Sand and Slag

36.

Blogging the Muse Author Interview Series 53 - Paolo Bacigalupi : z non-fiction - interview - 3.5 

"Paolo Bacigalupi is relative newcomer to the science fiction writing genre, but his work has already made waves, won the Theodore Sturgeon Award and the Locus Awards for Best Collection and Best Novelette for Pump Six. His work has appeared in two of the three biggest science fiction markets, Asimov’s Science Fiction Magazine and The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction. His short fiction collection Pump Six was released early last year from Night Shade Books.  Yours truly ran into him at Readercon in Boston in August, 2009, where he was participating in a panel on YA fiction. His short fiction is powerful, gritty, poignant, and brushes shades of mixed despair and poignance rarely achieved.  If you haven’t read him, you would do well to check him out."

http://travisheermann.com/blog/?p=328

37.

Ship Breaker - Paolo Bacigalupi : 0.0 - forthcoming - z novel 

Next book apparently a kid's book : "The book in question is Ship Breaker, a young adult novel about all of my favorite things: global warming, peak oil, genetic engineering, poverty and collapsed societies. You know, happy fun stuff. Fortunately, it’s also a ripping adventure. Joe Monti at Little, Brown is the cool guy who decided to buy it, in a two-book deal."
http://io9.com/5053886/little-brown-snaps-up-scifi-about-peak-oil

38.

The Fluted Girl - Paolo Bacigalupi : publisher - z in print - 3.5 

Audio Text version on CD.

39.

SF Revu Interview - Paolo Bacigalupi : z non-fiction - interview - 4.0 

"SFRevu (Andrew): Which 'future' in the collection does he think the most plausible for us?

Paolo: None of them, really. Aspects, sure. You're going to see more GM foods on the market. You're going to see water scarcity in the southwest. But how we deal with them, that's another question. My futures are often cynical, worst-case scenarios, with the volume turned up to eleven. They're the ones where people fail to reach out to one another, refuse to sacrifice, focus solely on short-term profit to the expense of everything else. Those are trendlines that have accelerated in the last decade, I think, but we don't have to be that way. I don't think of my writing as predictive in any sense of the word. I hope that my stories are illuminating though, that they cast light on places of concern, and toss out question marks about how far down various roads we really want to go. These are caricatures of the future, for the purpose of illuminating our present."
http://www.sfrevu.com/php/Review-id.php?id=7708

40.

Pump Six: A Conversation with - Paolo Bacigalupi : z non-fiction - interview - 3.5 

"Amazon.com: What do you like most about short fiction?
Paolo Bacigalupi: I like that there's a clarity to short stories that tends to get lost when you write to a longer form. The essence of the thing seems to be better encapsulated in short stories, thanks to the enforced discipline of trying to keep a story to 10,000 words. I mostly write novelettes, which gives me enough time to build a world and to give the reader an experience, but isn't so long that you get tangled up in tangential plotlines and extraneous detail. There's just not much room for muddy thinking in the short form; you get in and you get out. And the result for me is that a story often boils down to a single scene that will hopefully resonate with the reader long after they put the story down. I think that's what I like most about the short forms: you don't lose that key scene and you don't get a muddy experience. If I do my work right, I can burn an image into a reader's mind.With novels, there can be dozens of brilliant moments, but they all sort of sludge together. The take-away just doesn't seem as strong. It can be deep or rich or immersive, but the hammer blow of the story is muted."

http://www.omnivoracious.com/2008/04/pump-six-a-conv.html

41.

Agony Column Interview - Paolo Bacigalupi : z non-fiction - interview - 3.0 

Very short, mostly about The People Of Sand and Slag.

http://trashotron.com/agony/audio/2008/2008-news/030408-bacigalupi_int.mp3

42.

Locus Magazine Interview - Paolo Bacigalupi : z non-fiction - interview - 0.0 

From July 2007

Unseen,

but excerpts here :-

"“I’m not particularly optimistic about humanity’s long-term prospects. We choose what's convenient, expedient, and profitable over almost anything else, all the time. We create all sorts of distractions to pretend we aren't that way, but you have to look at what we do. We are absolutely rapacious. I have had conversations with people who are convinced that science and technology will bail us out of any problems we run into down the road. They say the free market will solve it, our ingenuity will solve it -- in that good old American way, 'We'll put our shoulders to the grindstone and solve that problem, by gum!' And yet in everything that I see us doing, we choose the short-term over the long-term, the profitable over the unprofitable, the easy over the hard, the simple and immediate over the complex.”"

http://www.locusmag.com/2007/Issue07_Bacigalupi.html

43.

The Mumpsimus A Conversation with - Paolo Bacigalupi : z non-fiction - 4.5 - interview 

"Do you think you'll try to publish the early novels you wrote, or are you moving on?
I did actually try to get them published. My agent shopped all of them, and I ended up getting a lot of interest, without any final commitment. Typically, I'd have one editor fall in love with the story, and then it would be killed by other editors, stuff like that. With my first sci-fi novel, I actually turned down a publishing offer, because my agent felt the advance was too low. Looking back, maybe it was, maybe it wasn't. At the time I was feeling pretty good about myself, and was confident that I'd write more novels, so I was able to walk away from the offer. Now, older and more bitter, I might go back and take it. Who knows?"

http://mumpsimus.blogspot.com/2004/09/conversation-with-paolo-bacigalupi.html

44.

'Calorie' Mulls Post-Oil World - Paolo Bacigalupi : z non-fiction - interview - 3.5 

"Bacigalupi said that the other aspects of the story came from a variety of sources. "The intellectual property and patenting of grains [in the story] came from news reports I'd read about an attempt by a U.S. company to patent basmati rice, even though it was historically used in India and was naturally occurring. The 'GMO' and the 'sterility controls' on grains came from discussions with friends of mine who are farmers and who are concerned about the advent of ag technologies that are designed to maintain control of corporate seedstocks. (Read about the Terminator gene if you want some background on the idea.) So 'The Calorie Man' is really a sort a mash-up of a bunch of different trends and ideas that were either interesting or worrisome or creepy to me."

http://web.archive.org/web/20071123012227/http://www.scifi.com/scifiwire/index.php?id=37292

45.

The Windup Girl - Paolo Bacigalupi : z online work - 5.0 - science fiction 

Online novel.

http://dl.dropbox.com/u/315952/The_Windu...

46.

Nebula Award Nomination - Paolo Bacigalupi : z award - 5.0 - nebula 

2009 Nomination for Best Novel - The Windup Girl

47.

Nebula Award Nomination - Paolo Bacigalupi : 4.5 - z award - nebula 

2009 Nomination for Best Novelette for The Gambler.

48.

Poltergeist Interview - Paolo Baciglalupi : z non-fiction - interview - 4.0 

"Well, I really do want to entertain people. I very much  hope that my  stories always function well as stories, and that they take the reader on an interesting journey. That's a top concern for me. But yeah, I have other agendas as well. I also hope  the stories cause people to reflect on their present and perhaps pay close attention to the world around them. I see interesting trends all around me, every day, and one of the things I'd like my fiction to do is to provide readers with my lens on our present, so that they can take a look through that glass as well. The fact that the stories sometimes  present bleak futures.... well, if we don't want a bleak future, one hopes that we'll stop building it. From my  personal perspective, I'm not really seeing a huge shift in the way we  organize our economies or our societies for sustainability, so my  suspicion is that while we  aren't doomed  yet, we are apparently bent on dooming ourselves."

http://fileserv.polter.pl/Wywiad_z_Paolem_Bacigalupim_wersja_angielska.pdf

49.

Bibliophile Stalker Interview - Paolo Bacigalupi : z non-fiction - interview - 4.0 

"When you start writing a story, do you need to have a clear agenda in mind?

It varies. With something like "Pump Six" I was interested in endocrine disruptors and intelligence shifts-- that one had an agenda and a plan right from the start. With something like "Yellow Card Man" I was just interested in exploring a character and seeing what I could learn about him. With other stories, I think I've got one plan or idea that I want to write, and it turns out that I'm completely wrong-- those stories are more like discovered objects. Like walking into a store thinking you're shopping for lawn furniture, and walking out carrying lingerie. All you can think is "huh?" I wrote a story recently called "The Gambler" for Lou Anders' Fast Forward 2 anthology that really came out of nowhere. Total surprise. So I guess the answer is that I definitely need *something* interesting to jump start a story: an image, an idea, an agenda, whatever, but I try not to stay too committed to it. If I find something better along the way, I let the story change."
http://charles-tan.blogspot.com/2008/07/feature-interview-with-paolo-bacigalupi.html

50.

Babel Clash - Paolo Bacigalupi : z non-fiction - interview - 3.5 

Some questions and chat.

http://bordersblog.com/scifi/category/paolo-bacigalupi/

51.

KVNF Interview - Paolo Bacigalupi : z non-fiction - interview - 4.0 

About The Windup Girl and genesis in the main, reasonably short.

http://www.kvnf.org/mp3/Bacigalupi_12-17-09.mp3

52.

The Gambler - Paolo Bacigalupi : z online audio - 4.5 - science fiction 

Starship Sofa podcast of the story, about 15 minutes in.

http://www.starshipsofa.com/20100217/aural-delights-no-121-paolo-bacigalupi/

53.

Pump Six - Paolo Bacigalupi : z online audio - 4.0 - science fiction 

Starshipa sofa podcast of this story.

http://podcast.starshipsofa.com/podcast/StarShipSofa_Aural_Delights_No_45_Paolo_Bacigalupi.mp3

54.

Green Sci-Fi from Bacigalupi's 'Pump Six' - Rick Kleffel : z non-fiction - 3.0 - article 

Just a few minute piece on NPR.

http://public.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/wesun/2008/06/20080629_wesun_18.mp3?dl=1

55.

Save our nameless roads - Paolo Bacigalupi : z non-fiction - 3.0 - article 

"Me, though, I’ll resist the encroachment. I’ll fight this onslaught of developer-brochure names and the loss of isolation that will inevitably follow. I’ve got my new address already picked out.

My road will be named Dead End."

http://cozine.com/2001-may/save-our-nameless-roads/

56.

The Geek's Guide to the Galaxy Podcast Episode 2: Bacigalupilooza! - John Joseph Adams and David Barry Kirtley : z non-fiction - 5.0 - interview 

"Paolo Bacigalupi, author of the critically-acclaimed The Windup Girl (which was named one of Time Magazine’s top ten novels of the year) joins us this week to talk about global warming, the horrors of travel, the current state of literature for boys, and his own forthcoming YA novel, Ship Breaker. John and Dave discuss their own experiences with literature when they were growing up, and how they became science fiction fans."

http://www.tor.com/images/_Podcasts/geeks-guide/Geeks-Guide-to-the-Galaxy-Episode-2.mp3

57.

The Loneliest Man In China - Paolo Bacigalupi : z non-fiction - 4.5 - article 

"Then came The Topics.

Everyone in China knows The Topics. The television stations and newspapers run the same state-generated stories all across the country, and the Chinese form their opinions based on these somewhat controlled sources. This time, the hot topics were how racist Americans were and what imperialist bastards we were for bombing Kosovo. It didn't matter whom I talked to, the conversation inevitably turned to those topics, and the opinions were always the same. It gave me a real respect for the power of state-run media."

http://www.chinatour.com/note/china-traveler-article-by-paolo.htm

58.

Softer  Excerpt - Paolo Bacigalupi : z excerpt - 3.5 - horror 

"Jonathan Lilly slumped in hot water up to his neck and studied his dead wife. She half-floated at the far end of the bath, soap bubbles wreathing her Nordic face."

http://www.logorrheabook.com/excerpts/softer.html

59.

io9 Book Club Meeting: Paolo Bacigalupi's "Windup Girl" - Annalee Newitz : z non-fiction - book club - 4.0 

"The io9 Book Club is officially in session. This week, we'll be discussing Paolo Bacigalupi's novel The Windup Girl, which was just nominated for a Nebula Award. Let's start talking in comments."

http://io9.com/5478366/io9-book-club-meeting-paolo-bacigalupis-windup-girl#comments

60.

Fantastic Reviews Author Interview - Paolo Bacigalupi : z non-fiction - 4.5 - interview 

"There has been a process over the last, say, twenty years, maybe a little more, to really despise the government and the safeguards the government has in place.  So what you see is the FDA and the USDA and the Federal Communications Commission, all of these are relatively emasculated agencies at this point.  They don't do the things they were supposed to do.  In some cases they are almost completely beholden to the corporations that they're supposed to be overseeing.  You see that in Colorado with something like the Colorado Oil  Gas Conservation Commission, which up until very recently was entirely staffed with people with ties to the gas industry.  You see stuff like that and you say, okay, there is a role for government.  The idea of an absolutely unfettered free market, there can only be horror from that.

Fantastic Reviews (FR):  Well, even under the theory.  I've studied a lot of economics, and I believe in free-market capitalism, and yet even if you study the basic theory, externalities are part of the theory.  There are certain things where, you do things that cause other people to pay the cost, and why should you give a damn about them if someone else is paying for it?

Paolo Bacigalupi (PB):  Right, and so clean air, and all these other things, something like the Clean Water Act and the Endangered Species Act are designed to address problems with externalities.  The problem right now is we're in a situation where the rhetoric in this rah-rah free-market capitalism - which does absolutely have a lot of benefits - has gotten to the buzzword level where you can't actually have any rational discourse about it.  At the same time, the I-want-my-government-so-small-I-can-drown-it-in-the-bathtub theory has gotten so much currency that you end up in a position where we really are playing with fire in a lot of different ways.  So those things are always in the back of my mind."

http://www.fantasticreviews.com/bacigalupi_interview.htm

61.

Science Fiction's New Prophet: A PW Web-Exclusive QA - Paolo Bacigalupi : z non-fiction - interview - 3.0 

"Where many writers steer clear of weighty issues like the future of humankind, science fiction powerhouse Paolo Bacigalupi embraces them. His insights are on full display in his debut collection,PumpSixandOtherStories"

http://www.publishersweekly.com/article/393910-Science_Fiction_s_New_Prophet_A_PW_Web_Exclusive_Q_A.php

62.

Compton Crook Award - The Windup Girl : compton crook - z award nomination - 4.0 

A 2010 nomination.

http://www.locusmag.com/News/2010/03/2010-compton-crookstephen-tall-award.html

63.

Hugo Award Nomination - Paolo Bacigalupi : hugo - 5.0 - z award nomination 

2010 Nomination for Best Novel for the Windup Girl.

64.

Wang Jun : zz pocketful of dharma - z character - major - 4.0 

Known as Little Wang.  A street urchin and hungry boy

65.

Lu Xieyan : zz pocketful of dharma - 3.0 - z character - minor 

A Guangdong singer of government propaganda.

66.

Three Fingers Gao : zz pocketful of dharma - z character - supporting - 3.5 

A dealer in stolen goods.

67.

The Tibetan : zz pocketful of dharma - z character - supporting - 3.5 

Gives Wang Jun a datacube and mission.

68.

The Hunanese : zz pocketful of dharma - 3.0 - z character - minor 

The Tibetan's confederate.

69.

BeanBean : zz pocketful of dharma - 3.0 - z character - minor 

Competitor of Gao's.

70.

The Foreigner : zz pocketful of dharma - 3.0 - z character - minor 

Kills the Tibetan, takes his finger, and tries for Wang.

71.

Naed Delhi : zz pocketful of dharma - z character - supporting - 3.5 

The 19th Dalai Lama.

72.

He Dan : zz pocketful of dharma - 3.0 - z character - minor 

A computer technician.

73.

White Glove Woman : zz pocketful of dharma - z character - supporting - 3.5 

Wang is supposed to give her the datacube.

74.

Chengdu : zz pocketful of dharma - z place - 4.0 

Chinese city.

75.

Huojianzhu : zz pocketful of dharma - z place - 4.0 

The Living Architecture. An attempt at a biocity.

76.

Sichuan Basin : zz pocketful of dharma - z place - 3.0 

Area in the Chinese province of Sichuan.

77.

Bing Jiang : zz pocketful of dharma - z place - 4.0 

A river in Chengdu.

78.

Renmin Lu bridge : zz pocketful of dharma - z place - 4.0 

Crosses the Bing Jiang.

79.

Beijing : zz pocketful of dharma - z place - 3.0 

Major Chinese city.

80.

Bombay : zz pocketful of dharma - z place - 3.0 

An Indian city.

81.

Biotects : zz pocketful of dharma - 3.0 - z organisation 

Biological engineers.

82.

Stone-Ailixin : zz pocketful of dharma - 3.0 - z organisation 

A corporation.

83.

Red Pagoda Cigarettes : zz pocketful of dharma - 3.5 - z organisation 

Cancer sticks.

84.

Shizi Jituan Software : zz pocketful of dharma - 3.0 - z organisation 

Software company.

85.

Heaven City Banking Corporation : zz pocketful of dharma - 3.0 - z organisation 

A bank.

86.

JinLong Pharmaceuticals : zz pocketful of dharma - 3.0 - z organisation 

A drug company offering longevity.

87.

TexTel : zz pocketful of dharma - 3.0 - z organisation 

A communications corporation.

88.

Confucius Jiajiu : zz pocketful of dharma - 3.0 - z food 

Rice wine.

89.

Five Star Beer : zz pocketful of dharma - 3.5 - z food 

Not very likely.

90.

Guanxi : zz pocketful of dharma - z concept - 3.0 

Term for connections and influence.

91.

Mandarin : zz pocketful of dharma - z concept - 3.0 

A Chinese dialect.

92.

Palden Lhamo : zz pocketful of dharma - z concept - 3.5 

Guardian protector deity, especially of Lamas.

93.

VTOL Micro-Machine : zz pocketful of dharma - z technology - 3.5 

A toy.

94.

Datacube : zz pocketful of dharma - z technology - 4.0 

Information storage device.

95.

HuangLong OS : zz pocketful of dharma - z technology - 3.0 

A Chinese operating system.

96.

VTOLs : zz pocketful of dharma - z vehicle - 3.5 

Vertical Take Off and Landing aerial craft.

97.

Pocketful of Dharma - Paolo Bacigalupi : z novelette - near future - 4.0 

Novelette

Number of words : 9500
Percent of complex words : 8.6
Average syllables per word : 1.4
Average words per sentence : 10.2
READABILITY INDICES

Fog : 7.5
Flesch : 74.5
Flesch-Kincaid : 5.4

PEOPLE

Wang Jun

Known as Little Wang.  A street urchin and hungry boy

Lu Xieyan

A Guangdong singer of government propaganda.

Three Fingers Gao

A dealer in stolen goods.

The Tibetan

Gives Wang Jun a datacube and mission.

The Hunanese

The Tibetan's confederate.

BeanBean

Competitor of Gao's.

The Foreigner

Kills the Tibetan, takes his finger, and tries for Wang.

Naed Delhi

The 19th Dalai Lama.

He Dan

A computer technician.

White Glove Woman

Wang is supposed to give her the datacube.
PLACES

Chengdu

Chinese city.

Huojianzhu

The Living Architecture. An attempt at a biocity.

Sichuan Basin

Area in the Chinese province of Sichuan. Site of the Living Architecture.

Bing Jiang

A river.

Renmin Lu bridge

Crosses the Bing Jiang.

Beijing

Major Chinese city.

Bombay

An Indian city.


ORGANISATIONS

Biotects

Biological engineers.

Stone-Ailixin

A corporation.

Red Pagoda Cigarettes

Cancer sticks.

Shizi Jituan Software

Software company.

Heaven City Banking Corporation

A bank.

JinLong Pharmaceuticals

A drug company offering longevity.

TexTel

A communications corporation.
FOOD

Confucius Jiajiu

Rice wine.

Five Star Beer

Not very likely.

CONCEPTS

Guanxi

Term for connections and influence.

Mandarin

A Chinese dialect.

Palden Lhamo

Guardian protector deity, especially of Lamas.
TECHNOLOGY

VTOL Micro-Machine

A toy.

Datacube

Information storage device.

A toy.

HuangLong OS

A Chinese operating system.
VEHICLES

VTOLs

Vertical Take Off and Landing aerial craft.
PLOT

A street urchin just looking for money for a meal gets involved in the search by various foreign agents for a datacube containing an AI of the Dalai Lama.

This attracts both criminal and military interest, and hence killing, but in the end the boy scarpers and makes to climb down the Living City, keeping the Lama for himself.

98.

Pop Squad Officer : z character - major - zz pop squad - 4.0 

Man charged with killing illegitimate children and arresting mothers.

99.

Pentle : z character - supporting - 3.5 - zz pop squad 

His partner.

100.

Alice : z character - supporting - 3.5 - zz pop squad 

His lover. A viola player in a symphony.

101.

Mma Telogo : 3.0 - z character - minor - zz pop squad 

A composer whose work Alice is studying to play.

102.

Banini : 3.0 - z character - minor - zz pop squad 

A rival composer.

103.

Hu Chiang : 3.0 - z character - minor - zz pop squad 

A conductor.

104.

Maria Illoni : 3.0 - z character - minor - zz pop squad 

A donor to the symphony.

105.

Michael Illoni : 3.0 - z character - minor - zz pop squad 

A donor to the symphony.

106.

Kara : 3.0 - z character - minor - zz pop squad 

A symphony member. Went kid crazy. No rejoo, and in a work camp.

107.

Melanie : 3.0 - z character - minor - zz pop squad 

An illegal little girl.

108.

Melanie's Mother : z character - supporting - 3.5 - zz pop squad 

Wanted something new, a baby.  Doesn't want to live forever.

109.

Grange : z weapon - zz pop squad - 4.0 

Pistol used by squad officers. A 12mm Recoilless Hand Cannon.

110.

Rejoo : z technology - 3.5 - zz pop squad 

Rejuvenation treatment that extends lifespan.

111.

Angel Spire : z place - 3.5 - zz pop squad 

Residential part of New York.

112.

Rhinehurst Causeway : z place - 3.0 - zz pop squad 

Part of New York.

113.

Ki Performance Centre : z place - 3.5 - zz pop squad 

Place for musical performances.

114.

Shoreline Curve : z place - 3.0 - zz pop squad 

Suburb of New York near the ocean.

115.

Center Spire : z place - 3.0 - zz pop squad 

Part of New York.

116.

Palomino Cluster : z place - 3.5 - zz pop squad 

Nice real estate.

117.

Ipswitch Collectibles : z place - zz pop squad - 4.0 

A toy shop.

118.

Nitheads : z concept - 3.0 - zz pop squad 

A type of junkie.

119.

Bonsai : 3.0 - z plant - zz pop squad 

Trees carefully cultivated to stay tiny.

120.

Magline : z vehicle - 3.5 - zz pop squad 

Public transport.

121.

Pop Squad - Paolo Bacigalupi : 4.5 - immortality - z novelette 

Novelette

Number of words : 10600
Percent of complex words : 6.8
Average syllables per word : 1.4
Average words per sentence : 10.4
READABILITY INDICES

Fog : 6.9
Flesch : 78.1
Flesch-Kincaid : 5.0

 : Pop Squad - Paolo Bacigalupi
PEOPLE

Pop Squad Officer : Pop Squad - Paolo Bacigalupi

Man charged with killing illegitimate children and arresting mothers.

Pentle : Pop Squad - Paolo Bacigalupi

His partner.

Alice : Pop Squad - Paolo Bacigalupi

His lover. A viola player in a symphony.

Mma Telogo : Pop Squad - Paolo Bacigalupi

A composer whose work Alice is studying to play.

Banini : Pop Squad - Paolo Bacigalupi

A rival composer.

Hu Chiang : Pop Squad - Paolo Bacigalupi

A conductor.

Maria Illoni : Pop Squad - Paolo Bacigalupi

A donor to the symphony.

Michael Illoni : Pop Squad - Paolo Bacigalupi

A donor to the symphony.

Kara : Pop Squad - Paolo Bacigalupi

A symphony member. Went kid crazy. No rejoo, and in a work camp.

Melanie : Pop Squad - Paolo Bacigalupi

An illegal little girl.

Melanie's Mother : Pop Squad - Paolo Bacigalupi

Wanted something new, a baby.  Doesn't want to live forever.
WEAPONS

Grange : Pop Squad - Paolo Bacigalupi

Pistol used by squad officers. A 12mm Recoilless Hand Cannon.

TECHNOLOGY

Rejoo : Pop Squad - Paolo Bacigalupi

Rejuvenation treatment that extends lifespan.
PLACES

Angel Spire : Pop Squad - Paolo Bacigalupi

Residential part of New York.

Rhinehurst Causeway : Pop Squad - Paolo Bacigalupi

Part of New York.

Ki Performance Centre : Pop Squad - Paolo Bacigalupi

Place for musical performances.

Shoreline Curve : Pop Squad - Paolo Bacigalupi

Suburb of New York near the ocean.

Center Spire : Pop Squad - Paolo Bacigalupi

Part of New York.

Palomino Cluster : Pop Squad - Paolo Bacigalupi

Nice real estate.

Ipswitch Collectibles : Pop Squad - Paolo Bacigalupi

A toy shop.

CONCEPTS

Nitheads : Pop Squad - Paolo Bacigalupi

A type of junkie.
PLANTS

Bonsai : Pop Squad - Paolo Bacigalupi

Trees carefully cultivated to stay tiny.
VEHICLES

Magline : Pop Squad - Paolo Bacigalupi

Public transport.
PLOT

The protagonist is a Pop Squad officer.  Their job is to find and kill illegitimate children and do whatever is necessary to find the mothers and fathers if possible. With excessively large bore ammunition.

Blowing the brains out of one kid and watching its toy dinosaur fall particularly affects him this time.  Even more so when his lover is given a brontosaurus toy after a virtuoso performance of a symphony she has worked on for fifteen years.  He has a strange spell after this. She also has a rejuvenation treatment during the story.

However, back on the job soon after, hunting down kids.  One particular child, Melanie and her mother also give him pause.  He takes the time to ask why she did, why breed?  She tells him, and even though he tells them they are unlikely to get away with it - no rejuvenation for daughters with no documentation, either - he lets them live and walks away.

122.

Maggie : z character - supporting - zz pump six - 3.5 

Lives with Travis.

123.

Travis Alvarez : z character - major - zz pump six - 4.0 

Lives with Maggie.  What passes for an engineer.

124.

Miku : zz pump six - 3.0 - z character - minor 

Friend of theirs.

125.

Gabe : zz pump six - 3.0 - z character - minor 

Friend of theirs.

126.

Nora : zz pump six - 3.0 - z character - minor 

Friend of theirs.

127.

Max : zz pump six - 3.0 - z character - minor 

Runs Wicky.

128.

Chee : z character - supporting - zz pump six - 3.5 

Trav's co-worker.

129.

Suze : zz pump six - 3.0 - z character - minor 

Trav's boss.

130.

Mercati : zz pump six - 3.0 - z character - minor 

A co-worker.

131.

Wu : zz pump six - 3.0 - z character - minor 

Friend of theirs.

132.

Old Faculty Wife : z character - supporting - zz pump six - 3.5 

Trav meets her at Columbia library when looking for help.

133.

Rohit : zz pump six - 3.0 - z character - minor 

Her dead husband.

134.

Herman Hsu : zz pump six - 3.0 - z character - minor 

A dead college librarian.

135.

Tickle Monkey : zz pump six - 3.0 - z media 

A band.

136.

Post-Liberation America A Modern Perspective : zz pump six - 3.0 - z media 

A dusty tome.

137.

NiftyFreeze : z technology - zz pump six - 3.5 

Wrapping material for food.

138.

PressureDyne : z technology - zz pump six - 4.0 

A pumping engine.

139.

Wicky : z place - zz pump six - 4.0 

A nightclub.

140.

Hudson : z place - zz pump six - 3.0 

A river in New York.

141.

P.S. 105 : z place - zz pump six - 3.0 

The school Trav dropped out of.

142.

Kusovic Centre : z place - zz pump six - 3.5 

Building Wicky is in.

143.

Broadway : z place - zz pump six - 3.0 

A street in New York.

144.

Trogs : z race - zz pump six - 4.0 

Dumb, ugly hermaphrodites born that way thanks to toxins in the environment.

145.

polychlorinated biphenyls, bisphenyl-A, estrogen, phlalates, PCBs, heptachlor... : z technology - zz pump six - 3.0 

Toxins.

146.

Effy : z technology - zz pump six - 4.0 

A clubbing drug.

147.

Blue Vitality : zz pump six - 3.0 - z food 

A drink.

148.

Sweatshine : zz pump six - 3.0 - z food 

A drink.

149.

Pump Six - Paolo Bacigalupi : z novelette - dystopia - 4.0 

Novelette

Number of words : 13500
Percent of complex words : 5.7
Average syllables per word : 1.4
Average words per sentence : 15.6
READABILITY INDICES

Fog : 8.5
Flesch : 72.4
Flesch-Kincaid : 7.1

Maggie

Lives with Travis.

Travis Alvarez

Lives with Maggie.  What passes for an engineer.

Miku

Friend of theirs.

Gabe

Friend of theirs.

Nora

Friend of theirs.

Max

Runs Wicky.

Chee

Trav's co-worker.

Suze

Trav's boss.

Mercati

A co-worker.

Wu

Friend of theirs.

Old Faculty Wife

Trav meets her at Columbia library when looking for help.

Rohit

Her dead husband.

Herman Hsu

A dead college librarian.

MEDIA

Tickle Monkey

A band.

Post-Liberation America A Modern Perspective

A dusty tome.
TECHNOLOGY

NiftyFreeze

Wrapping material for food.

Gynoloft

A female hormone controlling drug.

PressureDyne

A pumping engine.
PLACES

Wicky

A nightclub.

Hudson

A river in New York.

P.S. 105

The school Trav dropped out of.

Kusovic Centre

Building Wicky is in.

Broadway

A street in New York.
RACES

Trogs

Dumb, ugly hermaphrodites born that way thanks to toxins in the environment.
TECHNOLOGY

polychlorinated biphenyls, bisphenyl-A, estrogen, phlalates, PCBs, heptachlor...

Toxins.

Effy

A clubbing drug.
FOOD

Blue Vitality

A drink.

Sweatshine

A drink.

Travis is one of the smartest people around.  However, he didn't even finish high school, but he can read.  He and Maggie are trying for a pregnancy, but having no luck.

People are getting stupider because of all the toxins in the environment, and have begun to not breed true in many cases.

His job involves keeping the sewage pumps working, and Pump Six has gone, with too many parts broken and no-one knowing enough to fix them.  Realising he needs help, he goes to a university for help, but there is no-one left there smarter than he is with the requisite knowledge.  A faculty wife from the old days tells him this.

However, there is a library full of books, so he decides to try that.

150.

Maya Ong : z character - supporting - zz small offerings - 3.5 

A chemically affected pregnant woman.

151.

Benjamin : zz small offerings - 3.0 - z character - minor 

Maya's husband.

152.

Dr Lily Mendoza : z character - major - zz small offerings - 4.0 

One of the staff.

153.

Dmitri : z character - supporting - zz small offerings - 3.5 

Lily's boss.

154.

Justin : z character - supporting - zz small offerings - 3.5 

Her husband.

155.

Purnate : z technology - zz small offerings - 4.0 

A birthing drug.

156.

Sifusoft : z technology - zz small offerings - 3.0 

A pain drug.

157.

Pitocin : z technology - zz small offerings - 3.0 

A bleeding inhibitor.

158.

Deolonol : z technology - zz small offerings - 3.0 

A sedative.

159.

Hello Kitty : zz small offerings - 3.0 - z media 

Horribly cute cat cartoon.

160.

Burn Girl : zz small offerings - 3.0 - z media 

Not a horribly cute cat cartoon.

161.

El : z vehicle - zz small offerings - 3.0 

A train.

162.

Small Offerings - Paolo Bacigalupi : z short story - dystopia - 4.0 

Short Story

Number of words : 2900
Percent of complex words : 8.2
Average syllables per word : 1.5
Average words per sentence : 8.7
READABILITY INDICES

Fog : 6.7
Flesch : 74.1
Flesch-Kincaid : 5.1
PEOPLE

Maya Ong

A chemically affected pregnant woman.

Benjamin

Maya's husband.

Dr Lily Mendoza

One of the staff.

Dmitri

Lily's boss.

Justin

Her husband.
TECHNOLOGY

Purnate

A birthing drug.

Sifusoft

A pain drug.

Pitocin

A bleeding inhibitor.

Deolonol

A sedative.
ORGANISATIONS

FDA

The US Food and Drug Administration.
MEDIA

Hello Kitty

Horribly cute cat cartoon.

Burn Girl

Not a horribly cute cat cartoon.
VEHICLES

El

A train.
Lily is a doctor who works with people who are affected by chemical toxins, with all sorts of problems and defects.  This includes people having babies to draw all the toxins out of a mother so that the next baby can be healthy.  She also wants a child, and is using a different drug regimen to draw out her own toxins so she won't go through this.

163.

Sci-fi phenom Paolo Bacigalupi has seen the future and it's scary as hell - Alan Prendergast : z non-fiction - 4.5 - interview 

""A lot of what I write is so grim and depressing. The stories are designed to hurt. And when I'm writing them, I also feel hurt. It's hard to do. This was an opportunity to write a story that wasn't about hurt, and it felt good."

If Bacigalupi has learned anything from his own journey into darkness, it's that even dystopic writers must have their fun now and then. Last summer he was invited to speak at a symposium on sustainability in Kyoto, Japan. He marveled at the irony of such an invitation, the absurdity of flying halfway around the world to talk about reducing your carbon footprint — then embraced the hypocrisy and took the free trip.

He now has a major publisher (Little, Brown) and potentially a much larger audience in the young-adult field than he's ever enjoyed before — so large, in fact, that Night Shade signed him to a two-book deal to ensure that he keeps writing adult novels, too. ("I knew I had to put significant money on the table to keep him writing science fiction for me," Lassen says.) Yet he frets about how best to get children, especially boys, to read books, and whether his 1,500-square-foot house is too much dwelling for three people.

He agonizes over the trade-offs of raising his son in a place like Paonia. It's nice to run into people, he says, except when you don't want to see them."

http://www.westword.com/content/printVersion/1468697

164.

Jonathan Lilly : z character - major - zz softer - 4.0 

Husband and spouse killer.

165.

Pia Lilly : z character - supporting - zz softer - 3.5 

His now dead wife.

166.

Gabrielle Roberts : zz softer - 3.0 - z character - minor 

His neighbour.

167.

Naaem : zz softer - 3.0 - z character - minor 

A co-worker.

168.

Congress Park Neighbourhood : z place - zz softer - 3.5 

Suburb of Denver.

169.

Benedict : z place - zz softer - 3.0 

A restaurant at Le Centre in Denver.

170.

Green Tea Essence : zz softer - z technology - 4.0 

A type of bubble bath.

171.

Astai Networks : zz softer - z technology - 3.0 

A project of Lilly's.

172.

Gatorade : zz softer - 3.5 - z food 

An electrolyte replenishment drink.

173.

Softer - Paolo Bacigalupi : z short story - 3.5 - horror 

Short Story

Number of words : 5100
Percent of complex words : 8.1
Average syllables per word : 1.4
Average words per sentence : 12.3
READABILITY INDICES

Fog : 8.2
Flesch : 72.5
Flesch-Kincaid : 6.2

 
PEOPLE

Jonathan Lilly

Husband and spouse killer.

Pia Lilly

His now dead wife.

Gabrielle Roberts

His neighbour.

Naaem

A co-worker.
PLACES

Congress Park Neighbourhood

Suburb of Denver.

Benedict

A restaurant at Le Centre in Denver.
TECHNOLOGY

Green Tea Essence

A type of bubble bath.

Astai Networks

A project of his.
FOOD

Gatorade

An electrolyte replenishment drink.

Fat Tire Ale

A beer.
PLOT

In bed his wife tells him he forgot to do the dishes.  He suffocates her with a pillow, after perhaps only playing.  He then puts her in the bath.  His neighbour comes over and he says he killed his wife, which she blissfully doesn't notice in her quest to borrow a shovel.

She leaves, he buries Pia's body and cashes his money out and up and leaves, heading for Vegas, then sells his car and hitchhikes.

174.

Lalji : 4.5 - z character - recurring - zz the calorie man 

Small time calorie river pirate, looking to make a deal.

175.

Shriram : zz the calorie man - 3.0 - z character - minor 

Runs an energy business and plays chess with Lalji.

176.

Creo : z character - supporting - zz the calorie man - 3.5 

Lalji's business partner.

177.

Charles Bowman : z character - supporting - zz the calorie man - 3.5 

The calorie man. Going to be the next Johnny Appleseed.

178.

Gita : zz the calorie man - 3.0 - z character - minor 

Lalji's girlfriend.

179.

Tazi : z character - supporting - zz the calorie man - 3.5 

A young ward of Bowman's, she helps him.

180.

WeatherAll : z technology - zz the calorie man - 3.5 

A building material.

181.

Kink-springs : z technology - zz the calorie man - 4.0 

Wound by animals to supply energy.

182.

Salwar Kameez : z technology - zz the calorie man - 3.0 

Indian Clothing.

183.

SoyPRO : zz the calorie man - z plant - 4.0 

Proprietary crop.

184.

HiGro : zz the calorie man - 3.5 - z plant 

Proprietary crop.

185.

TotalNutrient : zz the calorie man - 3.5 - z plant 

Proprietary wheat crop.

186.

SuperFlavour : zz the calorie man - 3.5 - z plant 

Feed for Megadonts.

187.

Fast-Gen : zz the calorie man - 3.0 - z plant 

A type of hardwood.

188.

PurCAL : zz the calorie man - 3.5 - z organisation 

A calorie company.

189.

AgriGEN : zz the calorie man - 3.0 - z organisation 

An energy company.

190.

Ganesha Kinetic : zz the calorie man - 3.5 - z organisation 

An energy business.

191.

U-Tex : zz the calorie man - 3.0 - z organisation 

A calorie company.

192.

Midwest Growers Group : zz the calorie man - 3.0 - z organisation 

A calorie company.

193.

Mulies : z animal - zz the calorie man - 4.0 

Bred to help produce power.

194.

Megadont : z animal - zz the calorie man - 4.0 

Large animals like elephants that a bred to work to produce power.

195.

Priti and Bidi : z animal - zz the calorie man - 3.5 

Megadonts.

196.

Nippon genehack weevil : z animal - zz the calorie man - 4.0 

A crop killer.

197.

Cheshire : z animal - zz the calorie man - 4.0 

A shimmering catlike pest that needs a lot of shooting.

198.

Curl.111.b : z animal - zz the calorie man - 3.0 

A crop killer.

199.

Cibiscosis bacterium : z animal - zz the calorie man - 3.0 

A crop killer.

200.

Leafcurl rust : z animal - zz the calorie man - 3.0 

A crop killer.

201.

Betel : zz the calorie man - z food - 4.0 

A nut used as a drug.

202.

Basmati : zz the calorie man - 3.0 - z food 

A type of rice.

203.

Generipper : z concept - zz the calorie man - 4.0 

A scientist specialising in genetic modifications.

204.

Arjuna : z concept - zz the calorie man - 3.0 

Mythological Indian hero.

205.

Ganesha : z concept - zz the calorie man - 3.0 

Indian Elephant god.

206.

Lakshmi : z concept - zz the calorie man - 3.0 

An Indian deity.

207.

Diwali : z concept - zz the calorie man - 3.0 

Indian holiday.

208.

Bollywood : z concept - zz the calorie man - 3.0 

Indian film industry.

209.

Krishna : z concept - zz the calorie man - 3.0 

Indian deity.

210.

Ram : z concept - zz the calorie man - 3.0 

Indian deity.

211.

Hanuman : z concept - zz the calorie man - 3.0 

Indian deity.

212.

Sadhu : z concept - zz the calorie man - 3.0 

An Indian mystic.

213.

Kali : z concept - zz the calorie man - 3.0 

Indian deity.

214.

Rani Sati : z concept - zz the calorie man - 3.0 

Indian deity.

215.

Mississippi, Missouri, Ohio, Illinois : z place - zz the calorie man - 3.0 

American rivers.

216.

Ganges : z place - zz the calorie man - 3.5 

An Indian river.

217.

St Louis : z place - zz the calorie man - 3.0 

USA City.

218.

New Orleans : z place - zz the calorie man - 3.0 

USA City.

219.

Chennai : z place - zz the calorie man - 3.0 

Indian city.

220.

Spring gun : z weapon - zz the calorie man - 4.0 

Kinetic weapon that shoots disks.

221.

Needleboat : z vehicle - zz the calorie man - 4.0 

Lalji's river craft.

222.

The Calorie Man - Paolo Bacigalupi : 5.0 - windup girl - z novelette 

Novelette

Number of words : 11700
Percent of complex words : 9.0
Average syllables per word : 1.5
Average words per sentence : 10.0
READABILITY INDICES

Fog : 7.6
Flesch : 71.6
Flesch-Kincaid : 5.8

 

PEOPLE

Lalji

Small time calorie river pirate, looking to make a deal.

Shriram

Runs an energy business and plays chess with Lalji.

Creo

Lalji's business partner.

Charles Bowman

The calorie man. Going to be the next Johnny Appleseed.

Gita

Lalji's girlfriend.

Tazi

A young ward of Bowman's, she helps him.

TECHNOLOGY

WeatherAll

A building material.

Kink-springs

Wound by animals to supply energy.

Salwar Kameez

Indian Clothing.
PLANTS

SoyPRO

Proprietary crop.

HiGro

Proprietary crop.

TotalNutrient

Proprietary wheat crop.

SuperFlavour

Feed for Megadonts.

Fast-Gen

A type of hardwood.
ORGANISATIONS

PurCAL

A calorie company.

AgriGEN

An energy company.

Ganesha Kinetic

An energy business.

U-Tex

A calorie company.

Midwest Growers Group

A calorie company.
ANIMALS

Mulies

Bred to help produce power.

Megadont

Large animals like elephants that a bred to work to produce power.

Priti and Bidi

Megadonts.

Nippon genehack weevil

A crop killer.

Cheshire

A shimmering catlike pest that needs a lot of shooting.

Curl.111.b

A crop killer.

Cibiscosis bacterium

A crop killer.

Leafcurl rust

A crop killer.

FOOD

Betel

A nut used as a drug.

Basmati

A type of rice.
CONCEPT

Generipper

A scientist specialising in genetic modifications.

Lakshmi

An Indian deity.

Arjuna

Mythological Indian hero.

Ganesha

Indian Elephant god.

Diwali

Indian holiday.

Bollywood

Indian film industry.

Krishna

Indian deity.

Ram

Indian deity.

Hanuman

Indian deity.

Sadhu

An Indian mystic.

Kali

Indian deity.

Rani Sati

Indian deity.

PLACES

Mississippi, Missouri, Ohio, Illinois

American rivers.

Ganges

An Indian river.

St Louis

USA City.

New Orleans

USA City.

Chennai

Indian city.
WEAPONS

Spring gun

Kinetic weapon that shoots disks.
VEHICLES

Needleboat

Lalji's river craft.
PLOT

Lalji and Creo work the rivers in the USA, looking to get buy in this world of biologically supplied calories as energy and proprietary crops that don't breed.

A generipper wants to hire Lalji to transport him to where he can seed the current mass crops with additional seeds that will make them fecund again - and given these companies and crops supply the world, it will spread rapidly.  He also has a young charge.

Lalji reluctantly agrees to take both of them, but they run into trouble, in an armed IP police boat, and they realise who Bowman the generipper is.  A shootout happens, leaving only Lalji and the girl Tazi alive. Disposing of the bodies, they decide to move on, and the girl reveals that the food supply they brought is actually this new seed variety.  So even with Bowman dead they can still carry out his task.

223.

Ship Breaker - Paolo Bacigalupi : z online excerpt - 1.5 - science fiction 

There's an excerpt at : http://software.newsstand.com/bookrdr/hbg-live/BookBrowse.html?a=xr08BetJQV0WhEGB7GjzAQW5GDbqHlcfOs9Y1CN7verA7d3ZpdbC2Bgl8hnCaMvrnjIa%2FM6yHR0tIvCgPkrdSc7wwOe4LsmB2asdMzJtAYs7TVOtxvsdUMQX0YrFB0VZz=hbg

But unfortunately not really readable as too slow and takes forever to load, and in the worst shitty flash implementation of one I have ever seen.

Can have half a star though as it looks like it is a reasonable size.

224.

Ship Breaker - Ning.com : z non-fiction - social network - 3.0 

There's a social network for the book it appears. Which I would suggest is rather optimistic, but probably a good idea to get things done outside the glacial adaptation ability of publisher websites, using tools available to all. Aimed at schools.

http://shipbreaker.ning.com/

225.

Lidia : z character - major - zz the fluted girl - 4.0 

The Fluted Girl who tries to hide.  An altered human.

226.

Stephen : z character - supporting - 3.5 - zz the fluted girl 

A servant who attacks Belari.

227.

Madame Belari : z character - supporting - 3.5 - zz the fluted girl 

Ruler of this fief, and an actress.

228.

Burson : z character - supporting - 3.5 - zz the fluted girl 

Modified man of Belari's with camouflage abilities tracks Lidia down.

229.

Mirriam : 3.0 - zz the fluted girl - z character - minor 

A woman in the fief.

230.

Tania : 3.0 - zz the fluted girl - z character - minor 

Madame Belari's servant.

231.

Vernon Weir : z character - supporting - 3.5 - zz the fluted girl 

A man that fancies Belari, also an executive for a company that pays her.

232.

Nia : z character - supporting - 3.5 - zz the fluted girl 

Lidia's sister Fluted Girl.

233.

Michael and Renee : 3.0 - zz the fluted girl - z character - minor 

Belari's cooks.

234.

Claire Paranovis : 3.0 - zz the fluted girl - z character - minor 

An employee of SK Net.

235.

Mgumi Story. Kim Song Lee. Maria Blyst. Takashi Ghandi. : 3.0 - zz the fluted girl - z character - minor 

Media elites.

236.

Chennai : z place - 3.0 - zz the fluted girl 

City in India.

237.

Tingle : z technology - 3.0 - zz the fluted girl 

A feel-good drug.

238.

Cell-knitters : z technology - 3.0 - zz the fluted girl 

Medical repair tech.

239.

TouchSense : z technology - 3.0 - zz the fluted girl 

Technology to use on an actress for consumers.

240.

Pendant Executive : 3.5 - zz the fluted girl - z organisation 

A media company.

241.

Aircars : z vehicle - 3.0 - zz the fluted girl 

Flying cars.

242.

Kabuki : 3.0 - zz the fluted girl - z media 

Japanese dance theatre style.

243.

Sweetmeats : 3.0 - zz the fluted girl - z food 

Sugary delicacies.

244.

The Fluted Girl - Paolo Bacigalupi : 3.5 - z novelette - dystopia 

Novelette

Number of words : 9300
Percent of complex words : 11.7
Average syllables per word : 1.5
Average words per sentence : 14.1
READABILITY INDICES

Fog : 10.3
Flesch : 63.8
Flesch-Kincaid : 7.9
PEOPLE

Lidia

The Fluted Girl who tries to hide.  An altered human.

Stephen

A servant who attacks Belari.

Madame Belari

Ruler of this fief, and an actress.

Burson

Modified man of Belari's with camouflage abilities tracks Lidia down.

Mirriam

A woman in the fief.

Tania

Madame Belari's servant.

Vernon Weir

A man that fancies Belari, also an executive for a company that pays her.

Nia

Lidia's sister Fluted Girl.

Michael and Renee

Belari's cooks.

Claire Paranovis

An employee of SK Net.

Mgumi Story. Kim Song Lee. Maria Blyst. Takashi Ghandi.

Media elites.
PLACES

Chennai

City in India.
TECHNOLOGY

Tingle

A feel-good drug.

Cell-knitters

Medical repair tech.

TouchSense

Technology to use on an actress for consumers.
ORGANISATIONS

Pendant Executive

A media company.
VEHICLES

Aircars

Flying cars.
MEDIA

Kabuki

Japanese dance theatre style.
FOODS

Sweetmeats

Sugary delicacies.
PLOT

Lidia is a modified human.  Her body has been changed that the appropriate touches will make her produce music, the same goes for her sister Nia.

The political system she lives under is fiefdom, so she has little choice. Her ruler, Belari, is having a big do, and the Fluted Girls will be a major entertainment. The girls also are a way for Belari to become independent herself, if they make her a lot of money after their years of modification and training.

Lidia tries to hide, but no joy.  Belari's chameleon hiding servant tracks her down before she can poison the food that will be served at the dinner.  She has gone that far because Belari has actually cooked one of her servants that attacked her, and she will serve him at the dinner as part of the meal.

However, Lidia manages to hide the poison.  She gets the opportunity to have a strawberry to eat, and poisons it to kill herself in defiance.  However, at the last moment an idea strikes, as she offers the strawberry to Belari as a sign of servitude.

245.

Ong : z character - major - zz the gambler - 4.0 

A Laotian working for Milestone Media. Littlexang blog handle.

246.

Khamsing : 3.0 - zz the gambler - z character - minor 

Lao politician and monarch.

247.

Pha That Luang : 3.0 - zz the gambler - z character - minor 

A Laotian.

248.

Mrs. Yamaguchi : 3.0 - zz the gambler - z character - minor 

Helped Ong escape.

249.

Janice Mbutu : z character - supporting - 3.5 - zz the gambler 

Milestone Media managing editor.

250.

Bob and Casey : 3.0 - zz the gambler - z character - minor 

Heads of the Burning Wire, Milestone Media consumer technology feed.

251.

Marty Mackley : z character - supporting - 3.5 - zz the gambler 

A star reporter for Milestone Media.

252.

Double DP : 3.0 - zz the gambler - z character - minor 

Russian mafia cowboy rapper.  Redneck Russian.

253.

Kulaap : z character - supporting - 3.5 - zz the gambler 

Asian pop sensation.  Laofriend.

254.

Mikela Plaa : 3.0 - zz the gambler - z character - minor 

A reporter.

255.

Cindy C. : 3.0 - zz the gambler - z character - minor 

MM tech help.

256.

Pradeep : 3.0 - zz the gambler - z character - minor 

Guy with a cooking story for Milestone.

257.

Nguyen : 3.0 - zz the gambler - z character - minor 

Editor in the Tech and Toys pool.

258.

Penn : 3.0 - zz the gambler - z character - minor 

Editor in Yoga and Spirituality.

259.

DJ Dao : 3.0 - zz the gambler - z character - minor 

A music remixer.

260.

Mr. Inthachak : 3.0 - zz the gambler - z character - minor 

Laotian dissident.

261.

Som Vang : 3.0 - zz the gambler - z character - minor 

Laotian dissident.

262.

Vilaphon : 3.0 - zz the gambler - z character - minor 

Disappeared Laotian.

263.

Mr. Saeng : 3.0 - zz the gambler - z character - minor 

Laotian with beaten wife.

264.

SomPaBoy : 3.0 - zz the gambler - z character - minor 

Laotian blogger.

265.

Khamchanh : 3.0 - zz the gambler - z character - minor 

Laotian blogger.

266.

AK-47s : z weapon - 3.0 - zz the gambler 

Automatic rifles.

267.

Thoreau, Gandhi, Martin Luther King, Sakharov, Mandela, Aung Sung Kyi : 3.0 - zz the gambler - z character - minor 

Human rights crusading politicians.

268.

Tuk-tuks : z vehicle - 3.0 - zz the gambler 

Auto rickshaws.

269.

Lao Democratic Republic : z concept - 3.0 - zz the gambler 

Ousted Laotian government.

270.

New Lao Kingdom : z concept - 3.0 - zz the gambler 

With Khamsin as monarch.

271.

Lao PDR : z concept - 3.0 - zz the gambler 

Laotian People's Democratic Republic.

272.

Nop : z concept - 3.5 - zz the gambler 

Laotian bowing greeting.

273.

WhisperTech : z technology - 3.0 - zz the gambler 

Communications tech.

274.

Pin-Line : z technology - 3.5 - zz the gambler 

A connectivity technology.

275.

Chedi : z technology - 3.0 - zz the gambler 

Mound-like structure. 

276.

555 : z technology - 3.0 - zz the gambler 

Rare cigarettes.

277.

Ah Daeng : z technology - 3.0 - zz the gambler 

Type of cigarette.

278.

Mekong : z place - zz the gambler - 4.0 

A very big river.

279.

Luang Namtha : z place - 3.0 - zz the gambler 

Laotian Province.

280.

Nam Theun Dam : z place - 3.0 - zz the gambler 

Laotian Province.

281.

Korat : z place - 3.0 - zz the gambler 

City in Thailand.

282.

Golden Triangle : z place - 3.0 - zz the gambler 

Drug growing border region.

283.

Isan : z place - 3.0 - zz the gambler 

Northern region of Thailand.

284.

Walden Pond : z place - 3.5 - zz the gambler 

In Concord Massachusetts.  Thoreau lived in a cabin near there for some time.

285.

Buddha, Damma, and Sangha : z concept - 3.0 - zz the gambler 

Deities.

286.

Bodhisattva : z concept - 3.0 - zz the gambler 

Enlightened one.

287.

Loi Kratong : z concept - 3.0 - zz the gambler 

A Thai festival.

288.

Disney-Bertelsmann : 3.0 - z organisation - zz the gambler 

Media conglomerate.

289.

Google’s AOL News : 3.0 - z organisation - zz the gambler 

A media company.

290.

Fox News Corp : 3.0 - z organisation - zz the gambler 

A media company.

291.

Milestone Media : z organisation - zz the gambler - 4.0 

A combination of NTT DoCoMo, the Korean Hyundai-Kubu, and the  the New York Times Company.

292.

Frontal Lobe : 3.0 - z organisation - zz the gambler 

A tech company.

293.

Bloomberg : 3.0 - z organisation - zz the gambler 

A news company.

294.

Livetrack : z organisation - zz the gambler - 4.0 

LiveTrack IV tracks media user data—Web site, feed, VOD, audiostream, TV broadcast—with Google’s own net statistics gathering programs, aided by Nielsen hardware in personal data devices ranging from TVs to tablets to ear buds to handsets to car radios.

295.

California Federal Biological Preserve Facility : 3.5 - z organisation - zz the gambler 

Lost the DNA of an extinct butterfly in a screwup.

296.

Gawker and Newsweek and Throb : 3.0 - z organisation - zz the gambler 

Media companies.

297.

National Lao University : 3.0 - z organisation - zz the gambler 

Where his dad worked. 

298.

MotionSwallow : 3.0 - z organisation - zz the gambler 

Video sharing company.

299.

Ong's father : z character - supporting - 3.5 - zz the gambler 

A Laotian revolutionary.

300.

Lao TV : 3.0 - z organisation - zz the gambler 

Laotian television station.

301.

Vientiane Times : 3.0 - z organisation - zz the gambler 

Laotian newspaper.

302.

Bangkok Post : 3.0 - z organisation - zz the gambler 

Thai newspaper.

303.

The Phnom Penh Express : 3.0 - z organisation - zz the gambler 

Malaysian newspaper.

304.

TelMex : 3.0 - z organisation - zz the gambler 

Communications kiosk company.

305.

Financial Times : 3.0 - z organisation - zz the gambler 

A newspaper.

306.

Don Quixote : 3.0 - zz the gambler - z media 

Fictional tilter at windmills.

307.

Glamour Report : 3.0 - zz the gambler - z media 

A blog.

308.

Scandal Monkey : 3.0 - zz the gambler - z media 

A blog.

309.

Cowboy Banger : 3.5 - zz the gambler - z media 

A Double DP song.

310.

Armored Total Combat : 3.0 - zz the gambler - z media 

Fighting contest program.

311.

Binge-Purge : 3.0 - zz the gambler - z media 

Spewing contest program.

312.

Jumbo Cafe : 3.5 - zz the gambler - z media 

A Laotian community blog.

313.

The Tiger and the Ghost : 3.0 - zz the gambler - z media 

One of Kulaap's songs.

314.

Terrell : z character - supporting - 3.5 - zz the gambler 

Kulaap's right hand man.

315.

Humvee : z vehicle - 3.0 - zz the gambler 

A military transport.

316.

Mitsubishi’s 100 mpg Road Cruiser : z vehicle - 3.0 - zz the gambler 

A new car type.

317.

Hmong : z race - 3.0 - zz the gambler 

Ethnic group from the mountainous regions of Vietnam, Laos, Thailand and Burma. 

318.

Dum mak hoong : 3.0 - zz the gambler - z food 

Laotian papaya salad.

319.

Pupusa : 3.0 - zz the gambler - z food 

El Salvadorian tortilla.

320.

Bluet : 3.5 - zz the gambler - z plant 

A flower.

321.

Birch : 3.0 - zz the gambler - z plant 

A tree.

322.

Maple : 3.0 - zz the gambler - z plant 

A tree.

323.

The Gambler - Paolo Bacigalupi : 4.5 - z novelette - near future 

Novelette

Number of words : 10200
Percent of complex words : 9.0
Average syllables per word : 1.5
Average words per sentence : 15.8
READABILITY INDICES

Fog : 9.9
Flesch : 66.2
Flesch-Kincaid : 8.0

Ong

A Laotian working for Milestone Media. Littlexang blog handle.

Ong's father

A Laotian revolutionary.

Khamsing

Lao politician.

Mr. Henry David Thoreau

An author.

Pha That Luang

A Laotian.

Mrs. Yamaguchi

Helped Ong escape.

Janice Mbutu

Milestone Media managing editor.

Bob and Casey

Heads of the Burning Wire, Milestone Media consumer technology feed.

Marty Mackley

A star reporter for Milestone Media.

Double DP

Russian mafia cowboy rapper.  Redneck Russian.

Kulaap

Asian pop sensation.  Laofriend.

Mikela Plaa

A reporter.

Cindy C.

MM tech help.

Pradeep

Guy with a cooking story for Milestone.

Nguyen

Editor in the Tech and Toys pool.

Penn

Editor in Yoga and Spirituality.

DJ Dao

A music remixer.

Mr. Inthachak

Laotian dissident.

Som Vang

Laotian dissident.

Vilaphon

Disappeared Laotian.

Mr. Saeng

Laotian with beaten wife.

SomPaBoy

Laotian blogger.

Khamchanh

Laotian blogger.

Thoreau, Gandhi, Martin Luther King, Sakharov, Mandela, Aung Sung Kyi

Human rights crusading politicians.

Terrell

Kulaap's right hand man.
WEAPONS

AK-47s

Automatic rifles.

VEHICLES

Tuk-tuks

Auto rickshaws.
CONCEPTS

Lao Democratic Republic

Ousted Laotian government.

New Lao Kingdom

With Khamsin as monarch.

Lao PDR

Laotian People's Democratic Republic.

Nop

Laotian bowing greeting.
TECHNOLOGY

WhisperTech

Communications tech.

Pin-Line

A connectivity technology.

Chedi

Mound-like structure. 

555

Rare cigarettes.

Ah Daeng

Type of cigarette.
PLACES

Mekong

A very big river

Luang Namtha

Laotian Province.

Nam Theun Dam

Laotian Province.

Korat

City in Thailand.

Golden Triangle

Drug growing border region.

Isan

Northern region of Thailand.

Walden Pond

In Concord Massachusetts.  Thoreau lived in a cabin near there for some time.
CONCEPTS

Buddha, Damma, and Sangha

Deities.

Bodhisattva

Enlightened one.

Loi Kratong

A Thai festival.

ORGANISATIONS

Disney-Bertelsmann

Media conglomerate.

Google’s AOL News

A media company.

Fox News Corp

A media company.

Milestone Media

A combination of NTT DoCoMo, the Korean Hyundai-Kubu, and the  the New York Times Company.

Frontal Lobe

A tech company.

Bloomberg 

A news company.

Livetrack

LiveTrack IV tracks media user data—Web site, feed, VOD, audiostream, TV broadcast—with Google’s own net statistics gathering programs, aided by Nielsen hardware in personal data devices ranging from TVs to tablets to ear buds to handsets to car radios.

California Federal Biological Preserve Facility

Lost the DNA of an extinct butterfly in a screwup.

Gawker and Newsweek and Throb

Media companies.

MotionSwallo

Video sharing company.

National Lao University

Where his dad worked. 

Lao TV

Laotian television station.

Vientiane Times

Laotian newspaper.

Bangkok Post

Thai newspaper.

The Phnom Penh Express

Malaysian newspaper.

TelMex

Communications kiosk company.

Financial Times

A newspaper.

MEDIA

Don Quixote

Fictional tilter at windmills.

Glamour Report

A blog.

Scandal Monkey

A blog.

Cowboy Banger

A Double DP song.

Armored Total Combat

Fighting contest program.

Binge-Purge

Spewing contest program.

Jumbo Cafe

A Laotian community blog.

The Tiger and the Ghost

One of Kulaap's songs.

VEHICLES

Humvee

A military transport.

Mitsubishi’s 100 mpg Road Cruiser

A new car type.
RACES

Hmong 

Ethnic group from the mountainous regions of Vietnam, Laos, Thailand and Burma. 
FOOD

Dum mak hoong

Laotian papaya salad.

Pupusa

El Salvadorian tortilla.
PLANTS

Bluet

A flower.

Birch

A tree.

Maple

A tree.
Ong is a Laotian who left the country when he was young to escape a purge, and went via Thailand to a job as a reporter in the USA. He writes about politics and the environment.  His page views are pitiful compared to the tabloid gossip chasing and product placing co-workers.

However, the media landscape is all online in this near future scenario, and even more tabloid.  The star of his company has just gotten a story about a redneck Russian rapper shagging an underage teenager.  This reporter does Ong a favour as he likes him: sets up an interview with a pop star for him, who is also Laotian.  She likes talking to a countryman, and says she is out on a date with him to her fans to boost his profile and read counts.

He hates this sort of manipulation and leaves the interview to go his own way, talking about environmental collapse, following his father's way and Henry David Thoreau, even if it costs him. His possible last story at the company may succeed.

http://pyrsamples.blogspot.com/2008/11/fast-forward-2-paolo-bacigalupis.html

324.

Raphel Ka' Korum : z character - major - zz the pasho - 4.0 

A new Pasho, and a Jai.

325.

Martiz : zz the pasho - 3.0 - z character - minor 

A local.

326.

Bia' Giomo : zz the pasho - 3.0 - z character - minor 

Dead.

327.

Evia : zz the pasho - 3.0 - z character - minor 

A local.

328.

Bia' Dosero : zz the pasho - 3.0 - z character - minor 

Lived at Clear Spring Village.

329.

Pasho Giles Martin : zz the pasho - 3.0 - z character - minor 

An author.

330.

Bia' Hanna : zz the pasho - 3.0 - z character - minor 

A married woman.

331.

Bia' Raphel : z character - supporting - zz the pasho - 3.5 

His mother.

332.

Old Gawar : z character - supporting - zz the pasho - 3.5 

Legendary hook knife fighter. Raphel's grandfather.

333.

Pasho Eduard : zz the pasho - 3.0 - z character - minor 

An author.

334.

Pasho Mirriam Milliner : zz the pasho - 3.0 - z character - minor 

An author. There is a statue.

335.

Mala : zz the pasho - 3.0 - z character - minor 

Bia' Hardez' Niece.

336.

Pasho Cho Gan : zz the pasho - 3.0 - z character - minor 

An author.

337.

Renali family : zz the pasho - 3.0 - z character - minor 

Have a daughter.

338.

Pasho Nalina Desai : zz the pasho - 3.0 - z character - minor 

An author.

339.

Haci : zz the pasho - z technology - 3.5 

Dwellings.

340.

Sugar Rocks : zz the pasho - z technology - 3.0 

Currency.

341.

Attainment marks : zz the pasho - z technology - 4.0 

The old alphabet in tiny script on the body.

342.

Learning Hooks : zz the pasho - z technology - 4.0 

The One Hundred Books, The Rituals of Arrival and Release, The Scientific Principles, The Rituals of Cleansing, Essentials of the Body, Bio Logic, The Rituals of Quaran, Chemic Knowledge, Plant and Animal Observation, Matica, Physical Matica, Principles of Construction, Earth Studies; Core Tech: Paper, Ink, Steel, Plastic, Plague,  Production Line, Projectiles, Fertilizer, Soap ...

343.

Electrostatics : zz the pasho - z technology - 3.5 

Used to deal with sand and dust.

344.

Keli : zz the pasho - z race - 4.0 

Tribe who live near the water.

345.

Jai : zz the pasho - z race - 4.0 

A desert people.

346.

Kai : zz the pasho - z race - 3.5 

An in-between tribe helped by the Keli.

347.

Quaran : z concept - zz the pasho - 3.5 

Ritual lifestyle used by the Jai.

348.

Mez : zz the pasho - z food - 4.0 

A drink that can be poison.

349.

Heli : z place - zz the pasho - 3.0 

Burned by his grandfather.

350.

Keli : z place - zz the pasho - 3.0 

Burned by his grandfather.

351.

Skeli : z place - zz the pasho - 3.0 

Burned by his grandfather.

352.

Dry Basin : z place - zz the pasho - 3.5 

Jai area.

353.

Kettle Rock : z place - zz the pasho - 3.0 

Where Mala lives.

354.

Hook knives : z weapon - zz the pasho - 3.5 

Close combat Jai weapon.

355.

Sonics : z weapon - zz the pasho - 3.0 

Weapons of war.

356.

The Pasho - Paolo Bacigalupi : other world - 3.5 - z novelette 

Novelette

Number of words : 9700
Percent of complex words : 8.00
Average syllables per word : 1.5
Average words per sentence : 10.1
READABILITY INDICES

Fog : 7.2
Flesch : 72.2
Flesch-Kincaid : 5.7

PEOPLE

Raphel Ka' Korum

A new Pasho, and a Jai.

Martiz

A local.

Bia' Giomo

Dead.

Evia

A local.

Bia' Dosero

Lived at Clear Spring Village.

Pasho Giles Martin

An author.

Bia' Hanna

A married woman.

Bia' Raphel

His mother.

Old Gawar

Legendary hook knife fighter. Raphel's grandfather.

Pasho Eduard

An author.
  
Pasho Mirriam Milliner

An author. There is a statue.

Mala

Bia' Hardez' Niece.

Pasho Cho Gan

An author.

Renali family

Have a daughter.

Pasho Nalina Desai

An author.
TECHNOLOGY

Haci

Dwellings.

Sugar Rocks

Currency.

Attainment marks

The old alphabet in tiny script on the body.

Learning Hooks

The One Hundred Books, The Rituals of Arrival and Release, The Scientific Principles, The Rituals of Cleansing, Essentials of the Body, Bio Logic, The Rituals of Quaran, Chemic Knowledge, Plant and Animal Observation, Matica, Physical Matica, Principles of Construction, Earth Studies; Core Tech: Paper, Ink, Steel, Plastic, Plague,  Production Line, Projectiles, Fertilizer, Soap 

Electrostatics

Used to deal with sand and dust.
RACES

Keli

Tribe who live near the water.

Jai

A desert people.

Kai

An in-between tribe helped by the Keli.
CONCEPTS

Quaran

Ritual lifestyle used by the Jai.
FOOD

Mez

A drink that can be poison.
PLACES

Heli

Burned by his grandfather.

Keli

Burned by his grandfather.

Skeli

Burned by his grandfather.

Dry Basin

Jai area.

Kettle Rock

Where Mala lives.
WEAPONS

Hook knives

Close combat Jai weapon.

Sonics

Weapons of war.
PLOT

Raphel is a Pasho or learned man who has been educated in Keli.  He returns to his home, where he comes into conflict with his grandfather, a past military leader who razed Keli and other places, and talks of doing it again to stop the Jai and Keli becoming more alike.

Raphel doesn't want his people to slaughter the Keli and undo all the Pasho works, so he poisons his grandfather when he is drinking with him, via the Mez drink.  He is then free to make technological progress in Jai lands, too.

357.

Jaak : z character - major - zz the people of sand and slag - 4.0 

One of the tactical defense response team for SesCo.

358.

Lisa : z character - major - zz the people of sand and slag - 4.0 

One of the tactical defense response team for SesCo.

359.

Chen : z character - major - zz the people of sand and slag - 4.0 

One of the tactical defense response team for SesCo.

360.

Bunbaum : 3.0 - zz the people of sand and slag - z character - minor 

The boss.

361.

Mrs Alvarez : 3.0 - zz the people of sand and slag - z character - minor 

Chen's third grade teacher.

362.

Immersive Response Goggles : z technology - 3.5 - zz the people of sand and slag 

VR game interface.

363.

Glowspine : z technology - 3.5 - zz the people of sand and slag 

A sweet tracery of lime landing lights on the tailbone.

364.

DermDecora : z technology - 3.0 - zz the people of sand and slag 

Skin modification.

365.

Weeviltech : z technology - zz the people of sand and slag - 4.0 

Extreme body adaptation to allow life in a blighted world.  Worms living in the stomach to allow eating of anything, regeneration, etc.

366.

Slashbangs : z weapon - 3.0 - zz the people of sand and slag 

Flechette grenades.

367.

Surgepacks : z weapon - 3.0 - zz the people of sand and slag 

Ammunition power for the TS-101.

368.

Hentasa Mark V : z technology - 3.5 - zz the people of sand and slag 

Engines for the HEV.  

369.

Monomol blades : z weapon - 3.5 - zz the people of sand and slag 

Very, very thin and sharp.

370.

HEV : z vehicle - 3.5 - zz the people of sand and slag 

A hovercraft.

371.

Montana : z place - 3.0 - zz the people of sand and slag 

A state of the USA.

372.

Cancun : z place - 3.0 - zz the people of sand and slag 

City in Mexico.

373.

Mount Fuji : z place - 3.0 - zz the people of sand and slag 

Large mountain in Japan.

374.

Icarus : z concept - 3.0 - zz the people of sand and slag 

A terminally overoptimistic mythological ancient Greek aviator.

375.

Bio-job : z concept - zz the people of sand and slag - 4.0 

Artificial organism.

376.

Peninsula campaign : z concept - 3.0 - zz the people of sand and slag 

Military action in Siberia.

377.

SesCo : 3.5 - zz the people of sand and slag - z organisation 

A company.

378.

Pau Foundation : 3.0 - zz the people of sand and slag - z organisation 

Has a biologist.

379.

Antarctic Recessionists : 3.0 - zz the people of sand and slag - z organisation 

People to carpet bomb in VR.

380.

Dog : z animal - zz the people of sand and slag - 4.0 

An actual canine.

381.

Centaurs : z animal - zz the people of sand and slag - 4.0 

Bio-jobs. Scary military defense monsters.

382.

Dead Man : 3.5 - zz the people of sand and slag - z media 

A book by Yearly, a man that chose to die and not use the new technology.

383.

The People of Sand and Slag - Paolo Bacigalupi : 4.5 - z novelette - dystopia 

Novelette

Number of words : 7600
Percent of complex words : 7.3
Average syllables per word : 1.4
Average words per sentence : 15.2
READABILITY INDICES

Fog : 9.0
Flesch : 70.7
Flesch-Kincaid : 7.2
PEOPLE

Jaak : The People of Sand and Slag - Paolo Bacigalupi

One of the tactical defense response team for SesCo.

Lisa : The People of Sand and Slag - Paolo Bacigalupi

One of the tactical defense response team for SesCo.

Chen : The People of Sand and Slag - Paolo Bacigalupi

One of the tactical defense response team for SesCo.

Bunbaum : The People of Sand and Slag - Paolo Bacigalupi

The boss.

Lin Musharraf : The People of Sand and Slag - Paolo Bacigalupi 

The biologist. Short guy with black hair and a hooked nose that dominated his face.

Mrs Alvarez : The People of Sand and Slag - Paolo Bacigalupi

Chen's third grade teacher.
TECHNOLOGY

Immersive Response Goggles : The People of Sand and Slag - Paolo Bacigalupi

VR game interface.

Glowspine : The People of Sand and Slag - Paolo Bacigalupi

A sweet tracery of lime landing lights on the tailbone.

DermDecora : The People of Sand and Slag - Paolo Bacigalupi

Skin modification.

Weeviltech : The People of Sand and Slag - Paolo Bacigalupi

Extreme body adaptation to allow life in a blighted world.  Worms living in the stomach to allow eating of anything, regeneration, etc.

Hentasa Mark V : The People of Sand and Slag - Paolo Bacigalupi

Engines for the HEV.  
WEAPONS

TS-101 : The People of Sand and Slag - Paolo Bacigalupi

A thermal surge gun.

Slashbangs : The People of Sand and Slag - Paolo Bacigalupi

Flechette grenades.

Surgepacks : The People of Sand and Slag - Paolo Bacigalupi

Ammunition power for the TS-101.

Monomol blades : The People of Sand and Slag - Paolo Bacigalupi

Very, very thin and sharp.
VEHICLES

HEV : The People of Sand and Slag - Paolo Bacigalupi

A hovercraft.
PLACES

Montana : The People of Sand and Slag - Paolo Bacigalupi

A state of the USA.

Cancun : The People of Sand and Slag - Paolo Bacigalupi

City in Mexico.

Mount Fuji : The People of Sand and Slag - Paolo Bacigalupi

Large mountain in Japan.
CONCEPTS

Icarus : The People of Sand and Slag - Paolo Bacigalupi

A terminally overoptimistic mythological ancient Greek aviator.

Bio-job : The People of Sand and Slag - Paolo Bacigalupi

Artificial organism.

Peninsula campaign : The People of Sand and Slag - Paolo Bacigalupi

Military action in Siberia.
ORGANISATIONS

SesCo : The People of Sand and Slag - Paolo Bacigalupi

A company.

Pau Foundation : The People of Sand and Slag - Paolo Bacigalupi

Has a biologist.

Antarctic Recessionists : The People of Sand and Slag - Paolo Bacigalupi

People to carpet bomb in VR.
ANIMALS

Dog : The People of Sand and Slag - Paolo Bacigalupi

An actual canine.

Centaurs : The People of Sand and Slag - Paolo Bacigalupi

Bio-jobs. Scary military defense monsters.
MEDIA

Dead Man : The People of Sand and Slag - Paolo Bacigalupi

A book by Yearly, a man that chose to die and not use the new technology.
PLOT

Three soldiers play video games while waiting for the call to arms.  An alert this time is triggered by an actual dog. In this future, no life exists outside zoos thanks to the contamination.  People have been modified to eat anything, rocks, sand or whatever thanks to weeviltech.  They also regenerate serious wounds.  Functionally immortal humans.

The dog has none of these advantages, and is hence very fragile.  After talking to a biologist, they keep it as a pet for some time.  Until they go to Hawai'i for a holiday.  Here Lisa tries amputation of all her limbs as a novel experience - as close as she will get to being as vulnerable as the dog.

Jaak decides he is sick of feeding (and paying lots for the privilege) the dog, and looking after it, etc.  So they cook and eat it.

Sometimes, though, he remembers it sleeping beside him and misses it.

http://windupstories.com/pumpsix/the-people-of-sand-and-slag/

384.

The Windup Girl No Titles - Raphael Lacoste : 4.5 - z artwork - professional 

Here's the cover art unmarred by titles or names :-

http://windupstories.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/07/windupgirlfinallowrez.jpg

385.

Wikiquote - Paolo Bacigalupi : z non-fiction - quotes - 4.0 

A selection, mostly from The Windup Girl.

http://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Paolo_Bacigalupi

386.

Lolo : zz the tamarisk hunter - z character - major - 4.0 

The Tamarisk Hunter.

387.

Travis : zz the tamarisk hunter - z character - supporting - 3.5 

A fellow tamarisk seeker.

388.

Annie : zz the tamarisk hunter - z character - supporting - 3.5 

Lolo's wife.

389.

Hale Perkins : zz the tamarisk hunter - z character - supporting - 3.5 

A Utah National Guardsman.

390.

Tamarisk : zz the tamarisk hunter - z plant - 4.0 

A bigtime water sucker.

391.

Elm : zz the tamarisk hunter - 3.0 - z plant 

A tree.

392.

Cottonwood : zz the tamarisk hunter - 3.0 - z plant 

A tree.

393.

Juniper : zz the tamarisk hunter - 3.5 - z plant 

A plant that can vary in size from shrub to tree.

394.

Sagebrush : zz the tamarisk hunter - 3.0 - z plant 

A shrub.

395.

Maggie : zz the tamarisk hunter - z animal - 4.0 

Lolo's camel.

396.

Colorado River Basin : zz the tamarisk hunter - z place - 4.0 

No longer full of Tamarisk.

397.

The Straw : zz the tamarisk hunter - z place - 3.5 

A shut down area.

398.

Phoenix Metro : zz the tamarisk hunter - z place - 3.0 

Middle of the city.

399.

Lake Havasu : zz the tamarisk hunter - z place - 3.5 

Near Arizona.

400.

Spanish Oaks or Antelope Valley or River Reaches : zz the tamarisk hunter - z place - 3.0 

Places that had rotten water rights.

401.

Interior Department : zz the tamarisk hunter - 3.0 - z organisation 

BuRec is part of them.

402.

National Guard : zz the tamarisk hunter - z organisation - 4.0 

Domestic military in the USA.

403.

Elks Club : zz the tamarisk hunter - 3.0 - z organisation 

A fraternal organisation.

404.

BLM : zz the tamarisk hunter - 3.0 - z organisation 

Bureau of Land Management.

405.

Porto-pumpers : zz the tamarisk hunter - z technology - 3.5 

Movable pumps.

406.

Quickcrete : zz the tamarisk hunter - z technology - 3.0 

Fast drying concrete.

407.

Stinger : zz the tamarisk hunter - z weapon - 3.0 

Human operated surface to air one man missile.

408.

.50 caliber : zz the tamarisk hunter - z weapon - 3.5 

Vehicle mounted machine gun.

409.

M-16 : zz the tamarisk hunter - z weapon - 3.0 

Assault rifle.

410.

Humvees : zz the tamarisk hunter - z vehicle - 3.0 

Military cars.

411.

Resource Conservation : zz the tamarisk hunter - z concept - 3.0 

Water use doctrines.

412.

Allowable Use Guidelines : zz the tamarisk hunter - z concept - 3.0 

Water use doctrines.

413.

Supplementary Assistance Program : zz the tamarisk hunter - z concept - 3.0 

Helping out with water deprivation.

414.

The Tamarisk Hunter - Paolo Bacigalupi : z short story - dystopia - 4.0 

Short Story

Number of words : 5200
Percent of complex words : 7.5
Average syllables per word : 1.4
Average words per sentence : 10.2
READABILITY INDICES

Fog : 7.1
Flesch : 75.0
Flesch-Kincaid : 5.3

PEOPLE

Lolo

The Tamarisk Hunter.

Travis

A fellow tamarisk seeker.

Annie 

Lolo's wife.

Hale Perkins

A Utah National Guardsman.
PLANTS

Tamarisk

A bigtime water sucker.

Elm

A tree.

Cottonwood

A tree.

Juniper

A plant that can vary in size from shrub to tree.

Sagebrush

A shrub.
ANIMALS

Maggie

Lolo's camel.
PLACES

Colorado River Basin

No longer full of Tamarisk.

The Straw

A shut down area.

Phoenix Metro

Middle of the city.

Lake Havasu

Near Arizona.

Spanish Oaks or Antelope Valley or River Reaches

Places that had rotten water rights.
ORGANISATIONS

Bureau of Reclamation

Pay for Tamarisk death.

Interior Department

BuRec is part of them.

National Guard

Domestic military in the USA.

Elks Club

A fraternal organisation.

BLM

Bureau of Land Management.
TECHNOLOGY

Porto-pumpers

Movable pumps.

Quickcrete

Fast drying concrete.
WEAPONS

Stinger

Human operated surface to air one man missile.

.50 caliber

Vehicle mounted machine gun.

M-16

Assault rifle.
VEHICLES

Humvees

Military cars.
CONCEPTS

Resource Conservation

Water use doctrines.

Allowable Use Guidelines

Water use doctrines.

Supplementary Assistance Program

Helping out with water deprivation.
PLOT

Lolo has been getting rid of Tamarisks for years because they use too much water.  The government pays him to do so, a bounty with proof.  However, a big drought has stayed for a long time, and areas are being shut down as unsustainable.  California supplies the water for a lot of desert states, and has been cutting those off to survive, and fencing themselves in.

An old friend of Lolo's is in the National Guard and Lolo thinks he will be arrested for his small-time water poaching.  Not so, though, as his friend tells him that they are shutting down the Tamarisk program, and his water access, but giving them a small cash payment in advance to help a little.

http://windupstories.com/pumpsix/the-tamarisk-hunter/

415.

Tranh : zz yellow card man - 4.5 - z character - recurring 

The Yellow Card Man. A Chinese businessman forced to flee Malaysia, his family lost.

416.

Dung Lord : zz yellow card man - 3.0 - z character - minor 

Local unofficial ruler of the non-resident underclass.

417.

Ma Ping : zz yellow card man - z character - supporting - 3.5 

Works with the Dung Lord.

418.

Li Shen : zz yellow card man - 3.0 - z character - minor 

Acquaintances of Tranh's.

419.

Hu Laoshi : zz yellow card man - 3.0 - z character - minor 

Acquaintances of Tranh's. Squashed by a Megadont.

420.

Lao Xia : zz yellow card man - 3.0 - z character - minor 

Acquaintances of Tranh's.

421.

Li Ka Shing or a reborn Richard Kuok : zz yellow card man - 3.0 - z character - minor 

Magnates.

422.

Potato God : zz yellow card man - 3.0 - z character - minor 

Loading overseer.

423.

The Windup Girl : zz yellow card man - 4.5 - z character - recurring 

A Japanese created woman.  Her herky-jerky gait announces her as a creature not human, no matter how beautiful she may be.

424.

Ma's boss : zz yellow card man - 4.5 - z character - recurring 

A Farang.

425.

Thongchai : zz yellow card man - 4.5 - z character - minor 

A white shirt government employee.

426.

Suttipong : zz yellow card man - 4.5 - z character - minor 

A white shirt government employee.

427.

Durians : zz yellow card man - z food - 4.0 

A fruit.

428.

XO : zz yellow card man - 3.0 - z food 

A cognac.

429.

Mekong : zz yellow card man - 3.5 - z food 

A type of whiskey.

430.

Coriander : zz yellow card man - z food - 4.0 

A spice.

431.

Lemongrass : zz yellow card man - 3.0 - z food 

A spice.

432.

Serpent head fish : zz yellow card man - 3.0 - z food 

Seafood.

433.

RedSilks : zz yellow card man - z food - 4.0 

U-Tex potatoes.

434.

Blister rust : zz yellow card man - z concept - 4.0 

Disease affecting food crops.

435.

Tri-Clipper : zz yellow card man - 3.5 - z organisation 

Old business of Tranh's.

436.

Cibiscosis : zz yellow card man - z concept - 4.0 

Disease affecting food crops.

437.

Expansion : zz yellow card man - z concept - 3.5 

Old world situation thanks to abundant energy at the time.

438.

Genehack weevil : zz yellow card man - z concept - 3.0 

Disease affecting food crops.

439.

Gweilo, yang guizi, farang : zz yellow card man - z concept - 4.0 

Foreigners, in different languages.

440.

Quan Yin : zz yellow card man - z concept - 3.0 

A deity.

441.

Ravana : zz yellow card man - z concept - 3.0 

A mythological Indian scholar.

442.

Contraction : zz yellow card man - z concept - 3.0 

How the world got to its current energy state.

443.

New Expansion : zz yellow card man - z concept - 3.0 

Term for the idea of a new energy prosperity.

444.

Mandarin : zz yellow card man - z concept - 3.0 

A Chinese dialect.

445.

Scabis mold : zz yellow card man - z concept - 3.0 

Disease affecting food crops.

446.

Jute : zz yellow card man - z technology - 3.0 

A natural fibre.

447.

Treadle : zz yellow card man - z technology - 3.0 

Power generation machine.

448.

Kink springs : zz yellow card man - z technology - 3.0 

Power storage machine.

449.

Baht : zz yellow card man - z technology - 4.0 

Thai currency.

450.

Crank fans : zz yellow card man - z technology - 3.0 

Mechanical coolers.

451.

Rolex : zz yellow card man - z technology - 3.0 

Expensive gold watch.

452.

U-Tex : zz yellow card man - 3.5 - z organisation 

A calorie company.  Make rice.

453.

PurCal : zz yellow card man - 3.5 - z organisation 

A calorie company.

454.

Red Star : zz yellow card man - 3.0 - z organisation 

A calorie company.  

455.

Green Hands : zz yellow card man - z organisation - 4.0 

Anti-Chinese violent xenophobes in Malaysia.

456.

Hwang Brothers : zz yellow card man - 3.5 - z organisation 

Clothiers.

457.

Three Prosperities : zz yellow card man - 3.5 - z organisation 

Warehouses are toasted.

458.

AgriGen : zz yellow card man - other world - 3.0 

A calorie company.

459.

TotalNutrient : zz yellow card man - 3.5 - z organisation 

A calorie company. Make wheat.

460.

Intellectual Property Police : zz yellow card man - 3.0 - z organisation 

Look for uses of proprietary crops.

461.

Sukhumvit Research Corporation : zz yellow card man - 3.0 - z organisation 

A science company.

462.

Mishimoto  Co. : zz yellow card man - 3.0 - z organisation 

Fluid Dynamics company.

463.

Mishimoto  Co. : zz yellow card man - 3.0 - z organisation 

Fluid Dynamics company.

464.

Environment Ministry : zz yellow card man - 3.5 - z organisation 

Thai government department.

465.

Standard  Commerce : zz yellow card man - 3.0 - z organisation 

A corporation.

466.

Ministry of Trade : zz yellow card man - 3.0 - z organisation 

Thai government department.

467.

Megadont unions : zz yellow card man - 3.0 - z organisation 

Beast controller workers group.

468.

Line inspector unions : zz yellow card man - 3.0 - z organisation 

Assembly line workers group.

469.

Palawan Plaza : zz yellow card man - z place - 3.5 

A shopping centre.

470.

Bangkok : zz yellow card man - z place - 4.0 

Thai major city.

471.

Penang : zz yellow card man - z place - 3.0 

Malaysia city.

472.

Malacca : zz yellow card man - z place - 3.5 

Malaysia city.

473.

Chennai : zz yellow card man - z place - 3.0 

Indian city.

474.

The Kingdom : zz yellow card man - z place - 4.0 

Thailand.

475.

Rickshaw : zz yellow card man - z vehicle - 4.0 

Human propelled passenger transport.

476.

Chiu Chow : zz yellow card man - z race - 3.5 

Chinese that integrated in Thailand.

477.

Nanyan : z race - 3.0 - z character - minor 

Malay Chinese.

478.

Spring guns : zz yellow card man - z weapon - 3.0 

Kinetic disc firing weapons.

479.

Komodo Lizard : zz yellow card man - z animal - 3.0 

Very large, dangerous reptile.

480.

Megadonts : zz yellow card man - z animal - 4.0 

Large elephantine beasts.

481.

Devil cats : zz yellow card man - z animal - 4.0 

Genetically engineered nasty moggies.

482.

Water buffalo : zz yellow card man - z animal - 3.0 

Wagon haulers.

483.

Yellow Card Man - Paolo Bacigalupi : 5.0 - windup girl - z novelette 

Novelette

Number of words : 14500
Percent of complex words : 7.2
Average syllables per word : 1.4
Average words per sentence : 12.8
READABILITY INDICES

Fog : 8.0
Flesch : 74.4
Flesch-Kincaid : 6.1

 

PEOPLE

Tranh

The Yellow Card Man. A Chinese businessman forced to flee Malaysia, his family lost.

Dung Lord

Local unofficial ruler of the non-resident underclass.

Ma Ping

Works with the Dung Lord.

Li Shen

Acquaintances of Tranh's.

Hu Laoshi

Acquaintances of Tranh's. Squashed by a Megadont.

Lao Xia

Acquaintances of Tranh's.

Li Ka Shing or a reborn Richard Kuok

Magnates.

Potato God

Loading overseer.

Windup girl

A Japanese created woman.  Her herky-jerky gait announces her as a creature not human, no matter how beautiful she may be.

Ma's boss

A Farang.

Thongchai

A white shirt government employee.

Suttipong

A white shirt government employee.

FOOD

Durians

A fruit.

XO

A cognac.

Mekong

A type of whiskey.

Coriander

A spice.

Lemongrass

A spice.

Serpent head fish

Seafood.

RedSilks

U-Tex potatoes.
CONCEPT

Blister rust

Disease affecting food crops.

Cibiscosis

Disease affecting food crops.

Expansion

Old world situation thanks to abundant energy at the time.

Genehack weevil

Disease affecting food crops.

Gweilo, yang guizi, farang

Foreigners, in different languages.

Quan Yin

A deity.

Ravana

A mythological Indian scholar.

Contraction

How the world got to its current energy state.

New Expansion

Term for the idea of a new energy prosperity.

Mandarin

A Chinese dialect.

Scabis mold

Disease affecting food crops.
TECHNOLOGY

Jute

A natural fibre.

Treadle

Power generation machine.

Kink springs

Power storage machine.

Baht

Thai currency.

Crank fans

Mechanical coolers.

Rolex

Expensive gold watch.

 
ORGANISATIONS

Tri-Clipper

Old business of Tranh's.

U-Tex

A calorie company.  Make rice.

PurCal 

A calorie company.
 
Red Star

A calorie company.  

Green Hands

Anti-Chinese violent xenophobes in Malaysia.

Hwang Brothers

Clothiers.

Three Prosperities

Warehouses are toasted.

AgriGen

A calorie company.

TotalNutrient

A calorie company. Make wheat.

Intellectual Property Police

Look for uses of proprietary crops.

Sukhumvit Research Corporation

A science company.

Mishimoto  Co.

Fluid Dynamics company.

Environment Ministry

Thai government department.

Standard  Commerce

A corporation.

Ministry of Trade

Thai government department.

Megadont unions

Beast controller workers group.

Line inspector unions

Assembly line workers group.

PLACES

Palawan Plaza

A shopping centre.

Bangkok

Thai major city.

Penang

Malaysia city.

Malacca

Malaysia city.

Chennai

Indian city.

The Kingdom

Thailand.
VEHICLES

Rickshaw

Human propelled passenger transport.
RACES

Chiu Chow

Chinese that integrated in Thailand.

Nanyan

Malay Chinese.

ANIMALS

Komodo Lizard

Very large, dangerous reptile.

Megadonts

Large elephantine beasts.

Devil cats

Genetically engineered nasty moggies.

Water buffalo

Wagon haulers.
WEAPONS

Spring guns

Kinetic disc firing weapons.
PLOT

Tranh is a displaced Chinese businessman and entrepreneur who fled to Thailand after a xenophobic uprising saw many Chinese in Malaysia slaughtered, including his family.  He now is part of a refugee type underclass just trying to make enough money to eat in this calorie starved world.

He runs into someone who used to work for him and he fired that is in with a local boss.  An acquaintance is killed while doing daywork unloading potatoes, squashed by one of the giant beasts of burden, a Megadont.  He also sees a windup girl.

Staying out past a curfew he runs into a government police squad, and the Rolex watch Ping is wearing angers them, and they beat him.  He is spared, but still alive Ping asks for his help.  Instead, he kills him with a broken beer bottle, knowing that his job with the farang will open up, and is something he is suited for and can now get a jump on.

484.

The Windup Girl - Paolo Bacigalupi : z award - 5.0 - nebula 

Thai generip terror.

It Bacigalupi ever writes anything that is sweetness and light, that right there would be likely proof of the Many Worlds Theory and the fact that you had slipped into an alternate universe.

The setting is Bangkok, or, colloquially, Krung Thep. It is also a near future dystopia. The city now houses many displaced Chinese refugees from a Malaysia turned fundamentalist muslim fanatics. (See his story Yellow Card Man for background) Bangkok itself is only kept from drowning by engineering and technology.

This is a post-oil world, with very little petroleum technology available, remaining. No evidence of solar tech, either, really. Power is provided by human labor and genetically engineered highly efficient animals pourding kinetic energy into springs, which then can be used to power machines. Treadle computers, even. Countries have shrunk in upon themselves as a result, but are beginning to look outward again, with ships, and dirigibles. This makes this setting rather unlike the mass-media or AI ridden future India and Brasil etc. of Ian McDonald's devising.

Particularly nasty are the 'calorie companies' - organisations that have the ability to manufacture crops in large supply: but their crops are sterile, so you always need to go back for more. That is if bugs and plagues 'weevils' and 'blister rust' do not get them. Much dirty, violent dealing in support of this activity (see his story The Calorie Man) and there are mentions of it going horribly wrong in other countries. One of the questions this raises is how they manage to stay around - why, with such hatred of them, are the calorie men and women not mercilessly hunted and slaughtered. The only intimations you get of this are economic power, based in the USA. Also China is apparently dysfunctional, and many other countries are devastated. Thailand, through foresight, is struggling on, and is hence a point of interest. Their genetic stocks and the genetic engineering expert they have on hand to help defend them are of interest to all.

The rapidly mutating diseases caused by genetic engineering meddling and conflict kill many - with mainly the calorie companies having the resources to combat their own hellish offspring, if they care to. Mutated cats with no real predators except humans have also destroyed a lot of the food chain.

The novel has many viewpoints: 

Anderson Lake, An American calorie man representative, brought in to try and increase productivity at a factory working on more efficient power springs. More than he seems, however.

Hock Seng, The Yellow Card Man, an elderly fallen Chinese merchant who escaped massacres and now works for Lake.

Emiko, The Windup Girl. A Japanese artificially created human. Unable to reproduce, overheats easily but has many unknown talents. Left behind by her owner, currently a working bar girl.

Kanya, an officer in the Environment Ministry's corps of field soldiers responsible for protecting the city from incursions of disease, animals and artificial humans.

Conflict develops from many angles - there is longstanding resentment between the Environment Ministry and Trade Ministry because of different philosophies, inward, and outward looking, respectively. The foreign merchants look to exploit this. Then there is of course anti-refugee racism. As mentioned before, and historically, the Asian against Asian racism or nationalism is quite horrific.

The novel leaves you uneasy the whole way through, but fascinated. After many thousands of stories I am not easy to surprise. I had no idea what the hell was going to happen in this book, apart from the fact that it was likely to be bloody. The writing is excellent. Bacigalupi is a major talent, if unfortunately not very prolific.

Hard to predict, but I think this novel is quite likely to be important in the sense of SF history. It is brilliant, in its all sweating dystopian style.

Forget whatever else you are reading, and speed browse to Webscriptions where this is a available multiformat DRM free (thankfully, given its theme). Hopefully it will do well enough so his collection 'Pump Six' becomes available, too. This is good enough to buy in any or all varieties, however.

It is that rare beast, a 5 star novel. Great at the start, great in the middle, great at the end.

http://dl.dropbox.com/u/315952/The_Windu...

485.

Anderson Lake : z character - major - zz the windup girl - 4.0 

A calorie man, working on a project in Thailand. A foreigner, farang. Wants to discover Thai seed secrets.

486.

Saint Francis : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

Would be a handy guy to have around in these calorie controlled times.

487.

Lao Gu : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

A rickshaw driver and yellow card refugee.

488.

Yates : z character - supporting - zz the windup girl - 3.5 

The inventor of much more efficient kink springs at SpringLife.

489.

Banyat : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

SpringLife's head of Quality Assurance.

490.

Tan Hock Seng : 4.5 - zz the windup girl - z character - recurring 

Lake's assistant.  A yellow card Chinese refugee from Malaya.  Ex-head of the Three Prosperities.

491.

Num : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

SpringLife's day foreman.

492.

Pollack : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

A messy artist.

493.

The Dung Lord : 4.5 - zz the windup girl - z character - recurring 

A rich union leader. An underworld figure.

494.

Raleigh : z character - supporting - zz the windup girl - 3.5 

Flotsam of the old Expansion, another farang. Runs a kinky whorehouse.

495.

Pom and Nu and Kukrit and Kanda : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

SpringLife workers.

496.

Lin and Lek and Chuan : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

SpringLife workers, the latter being dead.

497.

Mai : z character - supporting - zz the windup girl - 3.5 

A skinny girl from the SpringLife production line.

498.

Mai : z character - supporting - zz the windup girl - 3.5 

A skinny girl from the SpringLife production line.


499.

Doctor Chan : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

A yellow card Chinese doctor who repairs Lake after a Megadont rampage.  

500.

Doctor Chan : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

A yellow card Chinese doctor who repairs Lake after a Megadont rampage.  


501.

Lewis Carroll : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

Author of Alice in Wonderland.

502.

Akkarat : z character - supporting - zz the windup girl - 3.5 

The Trade Minister.

503.

General Pracha : z character - supporting - zz the windup girl - 3.5 

Head of the Environment Ministry and white shirts.  

504.

Gregg and Yee : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

Investors in SpringLife.

505.

Emiko : 4.5 - zz the windup girl - z character - recurring 

The Windup girl, a Japanese created woman.

506.

Kannika : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

Dominatrix at Raleigh's whorehouse.

507.

Gendo-sama : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

Old owner of Emiko.

508.

Mizumi-sensei : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

Emiko's mistress in Japan.

509.

Somdet Chaopraya : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

Protector of the Thai Child-Queen.

510.

Gi Bu Sen : z character - supporting - zz the windup girl - 3.5 

Gibbons, a generipper who protects Thailand from the calorie companies.

511.

Captain Jaidee Rojjanasukchai : z character - major - zz the windup girl - 4.0 

The Tiger of Bangkok.  Leader in the field of the white shirts. An ex-professional fighter.

512.

Lieutenant Kanya Chirathivat : z character - major - zz the windup girl - 4.0 

His second in command, whose rank increases throughout due to events.

513.

Premwadee Srisati and Apichat Kunikorn : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

Great minds of Thailand.

514.

Richard Carlyle : z character - supporting - zz the windup girl - 3.5 

Corporate head and importer.

515.

Somchai : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

One of Jaidee's men.

516.

Chaya : z character - supporting - zz the windup girl - 3.5 

Jaidee's wife.

517.

Ratana : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

A biologist and ex-lover of Kanya's.  Works in government quarantine.

518.

Niwat and Surat : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

Jaidee and Chaya's children.

519.

Charles Bowman : 4.5 - zz the windup girl - z character - recurring 

Possible gene hacker for Thailand. Disappeared, and actually dead.

520.

Chaudhuri : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

Possible gene hacker for Thailand. Disappeared.

521.

Hafiz : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

An employee of Hock Seng's in Malaya.  Could have turned him in during the purge.

522.

Rana and Mohammed : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

Hafiz's wife and son, who is a Green Headband.

523.

Laughing Chan : z character - supporting - zz the windup girl - 3.5 

Ex-plantation overseer, now crew boss in Bangkok. Also a smugger.

524.

Sukrit Kamsing : z character - supporting - zz the windup girl - 3.5 

Dog fucker. A legbreaker.

525.

Ah Ping and Peter Siew : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

Chan's men.

526.

King Rama XII : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

A Thai monarch with foresight.

527.

Bhirombhakdi : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

Environment ministry officer.

528.

Otto : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

An entrepreneur. One of the Farang Phalanx.

529.

Lucy Nguyen : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

An entrepreneur. One of the Farang Phalanx.

530.

Quoile Napier : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

An entrepreneur. One of the Farang Phalanx.

531.

Hagg : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

A Grahamite priest.

532.

Phra Kritipong : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

A religious leader and monk.

533.

Sir Francis : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

The barman.  

534.

Prime Minister Surawong : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

Politician who lost his head in a coup.

535.

Puenthai : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

A diseased man.

536.

Chaiyanuchit : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

Old head of the Ministry.

537.

Dithakar : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

Muay thai opponent of Jaidee's.

538.

Kit : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

A tank worker at SpringLife.

539.

Old Bones and Horseface Ma : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

Thugs for Dog Fucker.

540.

Sergeant Siriporn : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

Needs bribing correctly to allow illegal methane burning.

541.

Srimuang : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

A tank worker at SpringLife.

542.

Narong : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

A Trade man of the spy variety.

543.

Charoen and Sakda : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

Muay thai fighters.

544.

Ajahn Chanh and Chart Korbjitti and Seub Nakhasathien : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

Legendary Thai.

545.

Teacher Lalji : 4.5 - zz the windup girl - z character - recurring 

Helped Thailand resist the calorie companies.

546.

AgriGen Saint Sarah : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

A generipper.

547.

Pai : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

A white shirt of the old guard.

548.

Kip : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

A girl of Gibbons'.

549.

Drs. Ping and Raymond : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

Gene wizards to rival Gibbons.

550.

Mahmoud Sonthalia : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

Gene wizard to rival Gibbons.

551.

Pak Eng and Peter Kuok : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

Fellow yellow cards of Chan's.

552.

Mr Yashimoto : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

A painter.

553.

King Bhumibol : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

Also a scientist.

554.

Hiroko : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

A windup girl.

555.

Pichai : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

Kanya's dead radio operator.

556.

Lieutenant Apichart : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

A white shirt officer.

557.

General Som : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

A white shirt.  Assassinated.

558.

Karmatha and Phailin : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

Dead white shirt officers.

559.

Private Sarawut : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

One of Kanya's men.

560.

Elizabeth Boudry : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

One of AgriGen's executives sent to Thailand after the civil war.

561.

Malivalaya and Yuthako : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z character - minor 

Kanya's new underlings.

562.

Mangosteen : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z food 

A fruit.

563.

Ngaw : zz the windup girl - z food - 4.0 

A new resistant fruit variety.

564.

Snakehead fish : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z food 

Seafood.

565.

Red-fin plaa. : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z food 

More seafood.

566.

Nightshades : zz the windup girl - z food - 4.0 

New resistant crops.

567.

TotalNutrient Wheat : zz the windup girl - z food - 4.0 

Proprietary crop.

568.

SoyPRO : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z food 

Proprietary crop.

569.

HiGro Corn : zz the windup girl - 3.5 - z food 

Proprietary crop.

570.

Chapatis : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z food 

Flatbread type.

571.

Mekong whiskey : zz the windup girl - 3.5 - z food 

Thai booze.

572.

Khmer whiskey : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z food 

Cambodian booze.

573.

HiGro Bamboo : zz the windup girl - 3.5 - z food 

Proprietary crop.

574.

Laksa asam, kopi and roti canai : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z food 

Hock Seng's favorite foods. 

575.

Nam plaa prik : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z food 

A papaya dish.

576.

Sato : zz the windup girl - z food - 4.0 

Grog.

577.

Tilapia : zz the windup girl - z food - 4.0 

A type of fish.

578.

Durian : zz the windup girl - 3.5 - z food 

A fruit.

579.

Blister rust : zz the windup girl - z technology - 4.0 

A disease that destroys food crops, and humans.

580.

Genehack weevil : zz the windup girl - z technology - 4.0 

A disease that destroys food crops. Japanese.

581.

Cibiscosis : zz the windup girl - z technology - 4.0 

A disease that destroys food crops, and humans.

582.

Sabis mold : zz the windup girl - z technology - 3.0 

A disease that destroys food crops. Japanese.

583.

Singha : zz the windup girl - z technology - 3.0 

Cigarette brand.

584.

Treadle computers : zz the windup girl - z technology - 4.0 

Human powered variety.

585.

Kink-spring : zz the windup girl - z technology - 4.0 

Mechanical power storage devices.

586.

WeatherAll : zz the windup girl - z technology - 4.0 

A building material.

587.

Algae baths : zz the windup girl - z technology - 4.0 

Part of the new kink-spring production process.

588.

Pha sin : zz the windup girl - z technology - 3.0 

Thai dress.

589.

Yaba : zz the windup girl - z technology - 3.0 

An amphetamine.

590.

Crank fan : zz the windup girl - z technology - 3.0 

Mechanical cooling device.

591.

Fa' gan fringe : zz the windup girl - z technology - 4.0 

Engineered disease.

592.

Bitter water mussels : zz the windup girl - z technology - 3.0 

Engineered disease.

593.

Gold Leaf : zz the windup girl - z technology - 3.0 

A type of cigarette.

594.

Bangkok : z place - zz the windup girl - 4.0 

Major city of Thailand.  Krung Thep, locally.

595.

Des Moines : z place - zz the windup girl - 3.5 

City in Iowa, USA. Calorie company base.

596.

City Pillar Shrine : z place - zz the windup girl - 3.5 

Religious site in Bangkok.

597.

Thanon Sukhumvit : z place - zz the windup girl - 3.5 

Market in Bangkok.

598.

Mekong : z place - zz the windup girl - 3.5 

River in Thailand.

599.

Rangoon : z place - zz the windup girl - 3.0 

City in Burma.

600.

Mumbai : z place - zz the windup girl - 3.0 

City in India.

601.

Koh Samet : z place - zz the windup girl - 3.0 

Island in Thailand.

602.

Kyoto : z place - zz the windup girl - 3.0 

City in Japan.

603.

Chatachuk Market : z place - zz the windup girl - 3.5 

Market in Thailand.

604.

Chao Phraya : z place - zz the windup girl - 4.0 

River in Thailand. 

605.

Khao Yai : z place - zz the windup girl - 3.0 

National Park in Thailand.

606.

Anchor Pads : z place - zz the windup girl - 4.0 

Site for landing of imports in Bangkok.

607.

Bang Rajan : z place - zz the windup girl - 3.5 

Site of a battle against foreign invaders in Thai history.

608.

Ayutthaya : z place - zz the windup girl - 3.5 

An old Thai city that was attacked by Burma in the past.

609.

Ploenchit : z place - zz the windup girl - 4.0 

Old Expansion tower site.

610.

Koh Angrit : z place - zz the windup girl - 3.5 

A source of smuggled goods.

611.

Thonburi : z place - zz the windup girl - 3.5 

Now drowned.

612.

Lumphini Stadium : z place - zz the windup girl - 3.0 

Site of the fights.

613.

Isaan : z place - zz the windup girl - 3.0 

Region of Thailand.

614.

Sir Francis Drake's : z place - zz the windup girl - 4.0 

A bar frequented by the wealthy farang. 

615.

Khlong Prem : z place - zz the windup girl - 3.0 

A Thai prison.

616.

Kolkata : z place - zz the windup girl - 3.0 

City in India.

617.

Phitsanulok : z place - zz the windup girl - 3.0 

Northern city in Thailand.

618.

Osaka : z place - zz the windup girl - 3.0 

Japanese city.

619.

Penang : z place - zz the windup girl - 3.0 

Malaysian city.

620.

Phuket and Chiang Mai : z place - zz the windup girl - 3.0 

Razed Thai cities.

621.

Changsa : z place - zz the windup girl - 3.0 

City in China.

622.

U-Tex : zz the windup girl - 3.5 - z organisation 

A calorie company.

623.

Environment Ministry : zz the windup girl - z organisation - 4.0 

A Thai government department.

624.

White shirts : zz the windup girl - z organisation - 4.0 

Environment Ministry police.

625.

SpringLife : zz the windup girl - z organisation - 4.0 

A company working to generate much higher capacity springs.

626.

Chakri Dynasty : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z organisation 

Monarchs of Thailand.

627.

Chaozhou : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z organisation 

A Chinese company that makes kink-springs.

628.

Matsushita : zz the windup girl - 3.5 - z organisation 

A Japanese company that makes anti-bacterial handlegrips.

629.

Bo Lok : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z organisation 

A company that makes ceramic water filters.

630.

Trade Ministry : zz the windup girl - z organisation - 4.0 

A major Thai government department.

631.

Green Headbands : zz the windup girl - 3.5 - z organisation 

Anti-Chinese violent xenophobes in Malaysia.

632.

Carlyle and Sons : zz the windup girl - z organisation - 4.0 

Shipping company. A firm of complainers. 

633.

AgriGen : zz the windup girl - z organisation - 4.0 

A calorie company, Anderson Lake's.

634.

Midwest Compact : zz the windup girl - 3.5 - z organisation 

A calorie company group in the USA.

635.

PurCal : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z organisation 

A calorie company.

636.

Megodont Union : zz the windup girl - 3.5 - z organisation 

Controls the use of the power generating beasts.

637.

Customs Service : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z organisation 

Government organisation that controls importing.

638.

Mishimoto : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z organisation 

Japanese company.

639.

RedStar : zz the windup girl - 3.5 - z organisation 

A calorie company.  Makes bamboo.

640.

Sri Ganesha Insurance : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z organisation 

An insurance company that covers importers.

641.

Grahamites : zz the windup girl - 3.5 - z organisation 

Reactionary christian group.

642.

Alabama New University : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z organisation 

A Grahamite college.

643.

Jai Yen, Nam Yen : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z organisation 

Cool Heart, Cool Water. Ice maker company. 

644.

Black Panthers : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z organisation 

Royal elite guards.

645.

Quarantine Department : zz the windup girl - 3.5 - z organisation 

Medical government section that works on controlling disease outbreaks.

646.

Grahamite Bible : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z media 

A religious tract.

647.

Global Management in Practice : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z media 

Old business tomes, also Intercultural Business, The Asian Mind, The Little Tigers of Asia, Supply Chains and Logistics, Pop Thai, The New Global Economy, Exchange Rate Considerations in Supply Chains, Thais Mean Business, International Competition and Regulation.

648.

The Bangkok Morning Post : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z media 

A newspaper.

649.

Thai Rath. Kom Chad Luek. Phuchatkan Rai Wan : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z media 

Bangkok whisper sheets.

650.

National Radio : zz the windup girl - z media - 4.0 

A government network.

651.

Sawatdee Krung Thep! : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z media 

A whisper sheet.

652.

Water buffalo : z animal - zz the windup girl - 3.5 

Beasts of burden in Thailand.

653.

Cheshire : z animal - zz the windup girl - 4.0 

Genetically engineered feral cat.  They have chameleon abilities.

654.

Jingjok2 : z animal - zz the windup girl - 3.0 

Egg eating lizard.

655.

Nightjars : z animal - zz the windup girl - 3.0 

Nocturnal bird.

656.

Peafowl : z animal - zz the windup girl - 3.0 

A game bird.

657.

Ivory beetles : z animal - zz the windup girl - 3.5 

A common insect sight in Bangkok.

658.

Phra Seub amulets : z concept - zz the windup girl - 4.0 

Superstition protection device.

659.

King Rama XII images : z concept - zz the windup girl - 3.0 

Superstition protection device.

660.

Expansion : z concept - zz the windup girl - 3.5 

Growth thanks to abundant energy.

661.

Contraction : z concept - zz the windup girl - 3.5 

When Expansion conditions were no longer the case.

662.

Ocean Bounty : z concept - zz the windup girl - 3.0 

A project that was a failure.

663.

Mahout : z concept - zz the windup girl - 3.0 

An elephant handler. Or Megadont.

664.

Mandarin : z concept - zz the windup girl - 3.0 

Chinese dialect.

665.

Phii Oun : z concept - zz the windup girl - 3.0 

The cheshire trickster spirit.

666.

Phra Kenet : z concept - zz the windup girl - 3.0 

Elephant-headed god.

667.

Kuan Yin : z concept - zz the windup girl - 3.0 

Goddess of mercy.

668.

Yellow cards : z concept - zz the windup girl - 4.0 

Immigrant refugees in Thailand.

669.

Songkran : z concept - zz the windup girl - 3.0 

Thai New Year's festival.

670.

Muay Thai : z concept - zz the windup girl - 3.5 

A martial art and sport.

671.

Buddha, Phra Pikanet : z concept - zz the windup girl - 3.0 

Deities.

672.

The Coal War : z concept - zz the windup girl - 3.0 

An energy conflict.

673.

Hanuman : z concept - zz the windup girl - 3.0 

A god with monkey warriors.

674.

Mizuko Jizo Bodhisattva : z concept - zz the windup girl - 3.0 

A deity that favours New People.

675.

Triple Gem : z concept - zz the windup girl - 3.0 

Buddha, damma, sanga.

676.

Rickshaws : zz the windup girl - z vehicle - 4.0 

Human powered ground transport.

677.

Dirigible : zz the windup girl - z vehicle - 4.0 

An airship.

678.

Kink-spring skiff : zz the windup girl - z vehicle - 3.5 

Mechanically powered boat.

679.

Dawn Star : zz the windup girl - z vehicle - 3.0 

A clipper ship of Hock Seng's in Malaya.

680.

Kink-spring scooter : zz the windup girl - z vehicle - 3.0 

Mechanically powered two wheelers.

681.

New People : z concept - zz the windup girl - 4.0 

Created humans.  Windups.  Have enhanced physical abilities like speed, but some have built in limitations that prevent them using them a lot without overheating.

682.

Bo tree : zz the windup girl - 3.0 - z plant 

Now extinct.  

683.

Spring gun : z weapon - zz the windup girl - 4.0 

Kinetic energy disk firing weapon.

684.

Blade bomb : z weapon - zz the windup girl - 3.0 

A booby trap.

685.

The Windup Girl - Paolo Bacigalupi : 5.0 - windup girl - z novel 

Novel

Number of words : 145000
Percent of complex words : 9.1
Average syllables per word : 1.5
Average words per sentence : 9.1
READABILITY INDICES

Fog : 7.3
Flesch : 74.7
Flesch-Kincaid : 5.1

PEOPLE

Anderson Lake

A calorie man, working on a project in Thailand. A foreigner, farang. Wants to discover Thai seed secrets.

Saint Francis

Would be a handy guy to have around in these calorie controlled times.

Lao Gu

A rickshaw driver and yellow card refugee.

Yates

The inventor of much more efficient kink springs at SpringLife.

Banyat

SpringLife's head of Quality Assurance.

Tan Hock Seng

Lake's assistant.  A yellow card Chinese refugee from Malaya.  Ex-head of the Three Prosperities.

Num

SpringLife's day foreman.

Pollack

A messy artist.

The Dung Lord

A rich union leader. An underworld figure.

Raleigh

Flotsam of the old Expansion, another farang. Runs a kinky whorehouse.

Pom and Nu and Kukrit and Kanda

SpringLife workers.

Lin and Lek and Chuan

SpringLife workers, the latter being dead.

Mai

A skinny girl from the SpringLife production line.

Doctor Chan

A yellow card Chinese doctor who repairs Lake after a Megadont rampage.  

Lewis Carroll

Author of Alice in Wonderland.

Akkarat

The Trade Minister.

General Pracha

Head of the Environment Ministry and white shirts.  

Gregg and Yee

Investors in SpringLife.

Emiko

The Windup girl, a Japanese created woman.

Kannika

Dominatrix at Raleigh's whorehouse.

Gendo-sama

Old owner of Emiko.

Mizumi-sensei

Emiko's mistress in Japan.

Somdet Chaopraya

Protector of the Thai Child-Queen.

Gi Bu Sen

Gibbons, a generipper who protects Thailand from the calorie companies.

Captain Jaidee Rojjanasukchai

The Tiger of Bangkok.  Leader in the field of the white shirts. An ex-professional fighter.

Lieutenant Kanya Chirathivat

His second in command, whose rank increases throughout due to events.

Premwadee Srisati and Apichat Kunikorn

Great minds of Thailand.

Richard Carlyle

Corporate head and importer.

Somchai

One of Jaidee's men.

Chaya

Jaidee's wife.

Ratana

A biologist and ex-lover of Kanya's.  Works in government quarantine.

Niwat and Surat

Jaidee and Chaya's children.

Charles Bowman

Possible gene hacker for Thailand. Disappeared and actually dead.

Chaudhuri

Possible gene hacker for Thailand. Disappeared.

Hafiz

An employee of Hock Seng's in Malaya.  Could have turned him in during the purge.

Rana and Mohammed

Hafiz's wife and son, who is a Green Headband.

Laughing Chan

Ex-plantation overseer, now crew boss in Bangkok. Also a smugger.

Sukrit Kamsing

Dog fucker. 

Ah Ping and Peter Siew

Chan's men.

King Rama XII

A Thai monarch with foresight.

Bhirombhakdi

Environment ministry officer.

Otto

An entrepreneur. One of the Farang Phalanx.

Lucy Nguyen

An entrepreneur. One of the Farang Phalanx.

Quoile Napier

An entrepreneur. One of the Farang Phalanx.

Hagg

A Grahamite priest.

Phra Kritipong

A religious leader and monk.

Sir Francis

The barman.  

Prime Minister Surawong

Politician who lost his head in a coup.

Puenthai

A diseased man.

Chaiyanuchit

Old head of the Ministry.

Dithakar

Muay thai opponent of Jaidee's.

Kit

A tank worker at SpringLife.

Old Bones and Horseface Ma

Thugs for Dog Fucker.

Sergeant Siriporn

Needs bribing correctly to allow illegal methane burning.

Srimuang

A tank worker at SpringLife.

Narong

A Trade man of the spy variety.

Charoen and Sakda

Muay thai fighters.

Ajahn Chanh and Chart Korbjitti and Seub Nakhasathien

Legendary Thai.

Teacher Lalji

Helped Thailand resist the calorie companies.

AgriGen Saint Sarah

A generipper.

Pai

A white shirt of the old guard.

Kip

A girl of Gibbons'.

Drs. Ping and Raymond

Gene wizards to rival Gibbons.

Mahmoud Sonthalia 

Gene wizard to rival Gibbons.

Pak Eng and Peter Kuok

Fellow yellow cards of Chan's.

Mr Yashimoto

A painter.

King Bhumibol

Also a scientist.

Hiroko

A windup girl.

Pichai

Kanya's dead radio operator.

Lieutenant Apichart

A white shirt officer.

General Som

A white shirt.  Assassinated.

Karmatha and Phailin

Dead white shirt officers.

Private Sarawut

One of Kanya's men.

Elizabeth Boudry

One of AgriGen's executives sent to Thailand after the civil war.

Malivalaya and Yuthako

Kanya's new underlings.
FOOD

Mangosteen

A fruit.

Ngaw

A new resistant fruit variety.

Snakehead fish

Seafood.

Red-fin plaa.

More seafood.

Nightshades

New resistant crops.

TotalNutrient Wheat

Proprietary crop.

SoyPRO

Proprietary crop.

HiGro Corn

Proprietary crop.

Betel Nut

Used as a drug.

Chapatis

Flatbread type.

Mekong whiskey

Thai booze.

Khmer whiskey

Cambodian booze.

HiGro Bamboo

Proprietary crop.

Laksa asam, kopi and roti canai

Hock Seng's favorite foods. 

Nam plaa prik

A papaya dish.

Sato

Grog.

Tilapia

A type of fish.

Durian

A fruit.
TECHNOLOGY

Blister rust

A disease that destroys food crops, and humans.

Genehack weevil

A disease that destroys food crops. Japanese.

Cibiscosis

A disease that destroys food crops, and humans.

Sabis mold

A disease that destroys food crops. Japanese.

Singha

Cigarette brand.

Treadle computers

Human powered variety.

Kink-spring

Mechanical power storage devices.

WeatherAll

A building material.

Algae baths

Part of the new kink-spring production process.

Pha sin

Thai dress.

Yaba

An amphetamine.

Crank fan

Mechanical cooling device.

Fa' gan fringe

Engineered disease.

Bitter water mussels

Engineered disease.

Gold Leaf

A type of cigarette.

PLACES

Bangkok

Major city of Thailand.  Krung Thep, locally.

Des Moines

City in Iowa, USA. Calorie company base.

City Pillar Shrine

Religious site in Bangkok.

Thanon Sukhumvit

Market in Bangkok.

Mekong

River in Thailand.

Rangoon

City in Burma.

Mumbai 

City in India.

Koh Samet

Island in Thailand.

Kyoto

City in Japan.

Chatachuk Market

Market in Thailand.

Chao Phraya

River in Thailand. 

Khao Yai

National Park in Thailand.

Anchor Pads

Site for landing of imports in Bangkok.

Bang Rajan

Site of a battle against foreign invaders in Thai history.

Ayutthaya

An old Thai city that was attacked by Burma in the past.

Ploenchit

Old Expansion tower site.

Koh Angrit

A source of smuggled goods.

Thonburi

Now drowned.

Lumphini Stadium

Site of the fights.

Isaan

Region of Thailand.

Sir Francis Drake's

A bar frequented by the wealthy farang. 

Khlong Prem

A Thai prison.

Kolkata

City in India.

Phitsanulok

Northern city.

Osaka

Japanese city.

Penang

Malaysian city.
  
Phuket and Chiang Mai

Razed Thai cities.

Changsa

City in China.
ORGANISATIONS

U-Tex

A calorie company.

Environment Ministry

A Thai government department.

White shirts

Environment Ministry police.

SpringLife

A company working to generate much higher capacity springs.

Chakri Dynasty

Monarchs of Thailand.

Chaozhou

A Chinese company that makes kink-springs.

Matsushita

A Japanese company thatmakes anti-bacterial handlegrips

Bo Lok

A company that makes ceramic water filters.

Trade Ministry

A major Thai government department.

Green Headbands

Anti-Chinese violent xenophobes in Malaysia.

Carlyle  Sons

Shipping company. A firm of complainers. 

AgriGen

A calorie company, Anderson Lake's.

Midwest Compact

A calorie company group in the USA.

PurCal

A calorie company.

Megodont Union

Controls the use of the power generating beasts.

Customs Service

Government organisation that controls importing.

Mishimoto

Japanese company.

RedStar

A calorie company.  Makes bamboo.

Sri Ganesha Insurance

An insurance company that covers importers.

Grahamites

Reactionary christian group.

Alabama New University

A Grahamite college.

Jai Yen, Nam Yen 

Cool Heart, Cool Water. Ice maker company. 

Black Panthers

Royal elite guards.

Quarantine Department

Medical government section that works on controlling disease outbreaks.
MEDIA

Grahamite Bible

A religious tract.

Global Management in Practice

Old business tomes, also Intercultural Business, The Asian Mind, The Little Tigers of Asia, Supply Chains and Logistics, Pop Thai, The New Global Economy, Exchange Rate Considerations in Supply Chains, Thais Mean Business, International Competition and Regulation.

The Bangkok Morning Post

A newspaper.

Thai Rath. Kom Chad Luek. Phuchatkan Rai Wan

Bangkok whisper sheets.

National Radio

A government network.

Sawatdee Krung Thep!

A whisper sheet.
ANIMALS

Water buffalo

Beasts of burden in Thailand.

Megodonts

Giant elephantine beasts used in power generation.

Cheshire

Genetically engineered feral cat.  They have chameleon abilities.

Jingjok2

Egg eating lizard.

Nightjars

Nocturnal bird.

Peafowl

A game bird.

Ivory beetles

A common insect sight.
CONCEPTS

Phra Seub amulets

Superstition protection device.

King Rama XII images

Superstition protection device.

Expansion

Growth thanks to abundant energy.

Contraction

When Expansion conditions were no longer the case.

Ocean Bounty

A project that was a failure.

Mahout

An elephant handler. Or Megadont.

Mandarin

Chinese dialect.

Phii Oun

The cheshire trickster spirit.

Phra Kenet

Elephant-headed god.

Kuan Yin

Goddess of mercy.

Yellow cards

Immigrant refugees in Thailand.

Songkran

Thai New Year's festival.

Muay Thai

A martial art and sport.

Buddha, Phra Pikanet

Deities.

The Coal War

An energy conflict.

Hanuman

A god with monkey warriors.

Mizuko Jizo Bodhisattva

A deity that favours New People.

Triple Gem

Buddha, damma, sanga.

Rama

A deity.

VEHICLES

Rickshaws

Human powered ground transport.

Dirigible

An airship.

Kink-spring skiff

Mechanically powered boat.

Dawn Star

A clipper ship of Hock Seng's in Malaya.

Kink-spring scooter

Mechanically powered two wheelers.

RACES

New People

Created humans.  Windups.  Have enhanced physical abilities like speed, but some have built in limitations that prevent them using them a lot without overheating.
PLANTS

Bo tree

Now extinct.  
WEAPONS

Spring gun

Kinetic energy disk firing weapon.

Blade bomb

A booby trap.

PLOT 
Thai generip terror.

The setting is Bangkok, or, colloquially, Krung Thep. It is also a near future dystopia. The city now houses many displaced Chinese refugees from a Malaysia turned fundamentalist muslim fanatics. (See his story Yellow Card Man for background) Bangkok itself is only kept from drowning by engineering and technology.

This is a post-oil world, with very little petroleum technology available, remaining. No evidence of solar tech, either, really. Power is provided by human labor and genetically engineered highly efficient animals pourding kinetic energy into springs, which then can be used to power machines. Treadle computers, even. Countries have shrunk in upon themselves as a result, but are beginning to look outward again, with ships, and dirigibles. This makes this setting rather unlike the mass-media or AI ridden future India and Brasil etc. of Ian McDonald's devising.

Particularly nasty are the 'calorie companies' - organisations that have the ability to manufacture crops in large supply: but their crops are sterile, so you always need to go back for more. That is if bugs and plagues 'weevils' and 'blister rust' do not get them. Much dirty, violent dealing in support of this activity (see his story The Calorie Man) and there are mentions of it going horribly wrong in other countries. One of the questions this raises is how they manage to stay around - why, with such hatred of them, are the calorie men and women not mercilessly hunted and slaughtered. The only intimations you get of this are economic power, based in the USA. Also China is apparently dysfunctional, and many other countries are devastated. Thailand, through foresight, is struggling on, and is hence a point of interest. Their genetic stocks and the genetic engineering expert they have on hand to help defend them are of interest to all.

The rapidly mutating diseases caused by genetic engineering meddling and conflict kill many - with mainly the calorie companies having the resources to combat their own hellish offspring, if they care to. Mutated cats with no real predators except humans have also destroyed a lot of the food chain.

The novel has many viewpoints: 

Anderson Lake, An American calorie man representative, brought in to try and increase productivity at a factory working on more efficient power springs. More than he seems, however.

Hock Seng, The Yellow Card Man, an elderly fallen Chinese merchant who escaped massacres and now works for Lake.

Emiko, The Windup Girl. A Japanese artificially created human. Unable to reproduce, overheats easily but has many unknown talents. Left behind by her owner, currently a working bar girl.

Kanya, an officer in the Environment Ministry's corps of field soldiers responsible for protecting the city from incursions of disease, animals and artificial humans.

Conflict develops from many angles - there is longstanding resentment between the Environment Ministry and Trade Ministry because of different philosophies, inward, and outward looking, respectively. The foreign merchants look to exploit this. Then there is of course anti-refugee racism. As mentioned before, and historically, the Asian against Asian racism or nationalism is quite horrific.

After Jaidee, the Tiger of Bangkok and leader of the Environment Ministry's field policing arm is killed, protests erupt, and basically Bangkok devolves into Civil War.

The white shirts crack down.

Emiko also is under pressure at Raleigh's, and when pushed too far kills a group of patrons with the superhuman speed of which she is capable.  Unfortunately for her, one of them was the Queen's protector. This gives the Trade Minister a lever - an illegal import that has committed an outrage against the monarchy.
Akkarat does a deal with the farang, and also gets the military on side and soon crushes white shirt resistant, but does serious damage to Bangkok in the meantime. Kanya agrees to surrender.  At the formal ceremony, she is surprised to hear Akkarat name her head of the Environment Ministry.

The SpringLife factory is diseased, thanks to slackness in their algae processes, and Lake has caught it, despite thinking himself immune.

Moving further forward, a calorie company woman comes to get samples from the seedbank as part of the deal, and Kanya is there to oversee.  She decides that giving away this vital part of the country is not on, and blows the calorie woman's head off, and has the monks take the seeds and disperse.  She also orders Bangkok flooded.

There we find Emiko still, surviving pretty nicel as the few odd people staying in the flooded city are no threat to her superior abilities, and a fish is easy to catch with her reflexes.

Finally, Gibbons the generipper shows up, and they discuss her situation.  His opinion is that the new state of the world is what it is, and it is far easier to modify humans to exist there, than to fight it. Humans like Emiko, who are immune to the diseases, and are better, faster, stronger, smarter, etc.  He has the skills to engineer non-sterile New People using her DNA.

686.

Pump Six and Other Stories - Paolo Bacigalupi : 5.0 - z collection - science fiction 

This is a collection featuring the following stories :

Pump Six and Other Stories : Pocketful of Dharma - Paolo Bacigalupi
Pump Six and Other Stories : The Fluted Girl - Paolo Bacigalupi
Pump Six and Other Stories : The People of Sand and Slag - Paolo Bacigalupi
Pump Six and Other Stories : The Pasho - Paolo Bacigalupi
Pump Six and Other Stories : The Calorie Man - Paolo Bacigalupi
Pump Six and Other Stories : The Tamarisk Hunter - Paolo Bacigalupi
Pump Six and Other Stories : Pop Squad - Paolo Bacigalupi
Pump Six and Other Stories : Yellow Card Man - Paolo Bacigalupi
Pump Six and Other Stories : Softer - Paolo Bacigalupi
Pump Six and Other Stories : Pump Six - Paolo Bacigalupi
Pump Six and Other Stories : Small Offerings - Paolo Bacigalupi

687.

Pocketful of Dharma - Paolo Bacigalupi : z non-fiction - z concordance - 3.0 

Pocket Full of Dharma

  653 the
  363 and
  324 he
  210 of
  196 his
  186 a
  164 to
  161 wang
  144 in
  131 it
  125 jun
  106 you
  88 him
  84 with
  72 was
  66 at
  65 i
  63 as
  61 from
  58 on
  53 that
  48 said
  46 for
  46 into
  45 out
  41 they
  41 then
  40 three-fingers
  39 would
  39 its
  39 had
  39 not
  35 me
  34 if
  34 man
  33 be
  31 back
  30 them
  30 their
  29 datacube
  29 but
  28 eyes
  28 so
  26 what
  25 have
  25 tibetan
  25 computer
  24 there
  24 were
  24 hand
  24 is
  23 she
  23 are
  22 where
  22 give
  21 could
  21 no
  21 who
  21 don't
  21 now
  20 chengdu
  20 do
  20 up
  20 through
  19 foreigner
  19 her
  19 again
  18 all
  18 we
  18 your
  18 jun's
  18 before
  17 will
  17 looked
  17 pocket
  17 watched
  17 held
  17 cube
  16 people
  16 soldier
  16 under
  16 an
  16 lama
  16 one
  16 did
  16 this
  16 dalai
  16 see
  16 turned
  15 hands
  15 saw
  14 by
  14 i'm
  14 came
  14 skin
  14 across
  13 can
  13 city
  13 white
  13 want
  13 blue
  13 stared
  13 my
  13 smiled
  13 more
  13 still
  13 mist
  13 which
  13 until
  13 glasses
  13 high
  12 off
  12 wet
  12 fingers
  12 something
  12 down
  12 money
  12 know
  12 body
  12 when
  12 how
  12 street
  12 head
  11 go
  11 dan
  11 long
  11 than
  11 woman
  11 come
  11 pulled
  11 air
  11 pockets
  11 chinese
  10 shrugged
  10 even
  10 yellow
  10 streets
  10 dark
  10 those
  10 away
  10 sell
  10 find
  10 rain
  10 i'll
  10 only
  10 am
  10 himself
  10 reached
  10 over
  10 made
  10 above
  9 red
  9 get
  9 black
  9 below
  9 darkness
  9 cold
  9 face
  9 might
  9 went
  9 voice
  9 light
  9 hunanese
  9 food
  9 against
  9 other
  9 got
  9 wore
  9 door
  9 us
  9 nodded
  8 gloves
  8 lights
  8 or
  8 little
  8 surface
  8 about
  8 beggar
  8 took
  8 water
  8 tibetan's
  8 huojianzhu
  8 grew
  8 why
  8 asked
  8 ground
  8 too
  8 small
  8 while
  8 take
  8 core
  8 began
  7 rose
  7 nothing
  7 wondered
  7 behind
  7 way
  7 mouth
  7 rice
  7 bones
  7 someone
  7 finger
  7 left
  7 here
  7 inside
  7 put
  7 another
  7 well
  7 followed
  7 shook
  7 walls
  7 hard
  7 found
  7 like
  7 three-fingers's
  7 window
  7 bridge
  7 around
  7 room
  6 knew
  6 gone
  6 keep
  6 already
  6 table
  6 monitors
  6 old
  6 concrete
  6 surgery
  6 boy
  6 spoke
  6 technicians
  6 climb
  6 spongy
  6 say
  6 without
  6 data
  6 growing
  6 three
  6 tonight
  6 wall
  6 became
  6 pavement
  6 heard
  6 deep
  6 felt
  6 though
  6 must
  6 always
  6 hung
  6 empty
  6 smooth
  6 coming
  6 seeking
  6 can't
  6 chengdu's
  6 anything
  6 lay
  5 going
  5 should
  5 building
  5 organic
  5 coins
  5 dug
  5 deeper
  5 tiger
  5 open
  5 released
  5 plastic
  5 silent
  5 software
  5 dead
  5 maybe
  5 chill
  5 passed
  5 gave
  5 mucus
  5 home
  5 continued
  5 they're
  5 it's
  5 two
  5 any
  5 let
  5 good
  5 blood
  5 sat
  5 settled
  5 thought
  5 didn't
  5 lost
  5 because
  5 pale
  5 longer
  5 laughed
  5 waited
  5 far
  5 game
  5 nearly
  5 glowing
  5 box
  5 dofu
  5 jerked
  5 perhaps
  4 dropped
  4 twenty
  4 ran
  4 things
  4 hear
  4 gao
  4 arms
  4 stroked
  4 set
  4 threw
  4 stroking
  4 honeycomb
  4 rising
  4 pressed
  4 ears
  4 bing
  4 hair
  4 feet
  4 he's
  4 buy
  4 turning
  4 pushed
  4 heat
  4 survive
  4 running
  4 silver
  4 huojianzhu's
  4 own
  4 touched
  4 waved
  4 creature
  4 lhamo
  4 chair
  4 started
  4 smoke
  4 feeling
  4 nose
  4 each
  4 trembled
  4 pieces
  4 close
  4 bombay
  4 shadow
  4 foreigner's
  4 hello
  4 slipping
  4 much
  4 warm
  4 slick
  4 fate
  4 make
  4 beer
  4 able
  4 drew
  4 bent
  4 swung
  4 broken
  4 descent
  4 stood
  4 peered
  4 leaned
  4 wife
  4 sank
  4 used
  4 lie
  4 may
  4 yes
  4 jiang
  4 hut
  4 having
  4 slowly
  4 palden
  4 spit
  4 damp
  4 clear
  4 fell
  4 such
  4 afraid
  4 walked
  4 teeth
  4 five
  4 closer
  4 has
  4 safety
  4 looking
  4 constructors
  4 distant
  4 thing
  4 moved
  4 pair
  4 frowned
  4 destroy
  4 first
  3 counted
  3 wait
  3 claw
  3 skeleton
  3 won't
  3 tibetans
  3 few
  3 companion
  3 breath
  3 vtol
  3 fine
  3 pork
  3 known
  3 holding
  3 need
  3 flared
  3 outside
  3 slipped
  3 that's
  3 working
  3 perfect
  3 twisted
  3 micro-machine
  3 countryside
  3 styrofoam
  3 steel
  3 mapo
  3 forms
  3 cook
  3 yuan
  3 doorway
  3 reincarnated
  3 climbed
  3 hungry
  3 rolled
  3 bowl
  3 many
  3 life
  3 care
  3 unplug
  3 vtols
  3 arm
  3 xing
  3 man's
  3 faster
  3 animal
  3 later
  3 understand
  3 lived
  3 os
  3 thick
  3 run
  3 buildings
  3 neck
  3 just
  3 biotects
  3 living
  3 shivered
  3 phlegm
  3 fertile
  3 ignored
  3 interested
  3 footsteps
  3 child
  3 onto
  3 whole
  3 new
  3 expensive
  3 start
  3 you're
  3 mission
  3 ten
  3 adapter
  3 considered
  3 look
  3 imagined
  3 hat
  3 means
  3 tight
  3 coughed
  3 mandarin
  3 blanket
  3 stopped
  3 ring
  3 connected
  3 xiao
  3 remembered
  3 hold
  3 same
  3 free
  3 rich
  3 big
  3 dim
  3 some
  3 ragged
  3 eat
  3 glass
  3 smelled
  3 kitchen
  3 broke
  3 shining
  3 between
  3 roofs
  3 slid
  3 sighed
  3 disappeared
  3 mind
  3 women
  3 rumbled
  3 taking
  3 whine
  3 seemed
  3 paintings
  3 shattered
  3 appeared
  3 what's
  3 wooden
  3 paolo
  3 touch
  3 alive
  3 completed
  3 wanted
  3 virility
  3 write
  3 echoed
  3 sharp
  3 smaller
  3 trade
  3 broad
  3 form
  3 lamps
  3 remember
  3 glowed
  3 exploded
  3 sound
  3 bacigalupi
  3 shelf
  3 fear
  3 low
  3 read
  3 skyscrapers
  3 glared
  3 supposed
  3 tossed
  3 tell
  3 suddenly
  3 leave
  3 clung
  3 mud
  3 words
  3 been
  3 tibet
  3 stomach
  3 hunger
  3 belly
  3 along
  3 years
  3 remained
  3 soul
  3 help
  3 structure
  2 unsure
  2 clambered
  2 hostage
  2 bit
  2 warped
  2 smirked
  2 flesh
  2 picking
  2 tables
  2 video
  2 protection
  2 front
  2 really
  2 squatted
  2 china
  2 jagged
  2 suspicion
  2 told
  2 horsemen
  2 ponchos
  2 waiting
  2 dripped
  2 climbing
  2 flash
  2 evening
  2 stare
  2 hissed
  2 deal
  2 person
  2 19th
  2 habitation
  2 green
  2 spat
  2 country
  2 does
  2 skins
  2 missed
  2 interaction
  2 center
  2 numbing
  2 offered
  2 rain-slicked
  2 bore
  2 grip
  2 control
  2 cocked
  2 anyway
  2 edges
  2 foreign
  2 lady
  2 smell
  2 whined
  2 die
  2 turquoise
  2 right
  2 construction
  2 severed
  2 desperately
  2 tail
  2 pins
  2 diners
  2 doubted
  2 snake
  2 hunched
  2 reminded
  2 umbrellas
  2 never
  2 harsh
  2 cage
  2 somewhere
  2 woke
  2 system
  2 watching
  2 sitting
  2 sky
  2 enveloping
  2 soil
  2 dreamed
  2 beside
  2 recollections
  2 bloody
  2 haze
  2 peppercorns
  2 wasn't
  2 beyond
  2 bodies
  2 picked
  2 guessed
  2 kept
  2 toy
  2 dialect
  2 agony
  2 understood
  2 reincarnate
  2 please
  2 move
  2 our
  2 speaker
  2 frame
  2 crouched
  2 rocket
  2 eu
  2 ease
  2 large
  2 bed
  2 built
  2 luxury
  2 rested
  2 beautiful
  2 burned
  2 cook's
  2 follow
  2 chasing
  2 rebellion
  2 following
  2 feel
  2 after
  2 heart
  2 pillows
  2 stumbled
  2 struggled
  2 chest
  2 shadows
  2 customers
  2 protect
  2 fall
  2 sure
  2 terraces
  2 foreigners
  2 wool
  2 neon
  2 boots
  2 silence
  2 illuminated
  2 wide
  2 bone
  2 resent
  2 attention
  2 arteries
  2 weight
  2 voices
  2 full
  2 changed
  2 biologic
  2 giggled
  2 hidden
  2 forward
  2 floors
  2 marks
  2 brief
  2 sheened
  2 wealth
  2 there's
  2 village
  2 huddled
  2 firm
  2 clambering
  2 very
  2 ached
  2 making
  2 probably
  2 twining
  2 blues
  2 mountain
  2 less
  2 chopsticks
  2 accent
  2 paper
  2 last
  2 flowed
  2 waste
  2 cast
  2 hit
  2 input
  2 others
  2 leaving
  2 superstructure
  2 you've
  2 ahead
  2 spread
  2 regarded
  2 yet
  2 squeezed
  2 carefully
  2 else
  2 tomorrow
  2 begin
  2 passage
  2 struck
  2 deliver
  2 filtered
  2 levels
  2 kill
  2 collar
  2 alley
  2 talks
  2 lower
  2 scooped
  2 faces
  2 single
  2 motioned
  2 digging
  2 reluctantly
  2 dwarfing
  2 ever
  2 sale
  2 clearly
  2 view
  2 entered
  2 wok
  2 powerful
  2 launch
  2 lu
  2 led
  2 soft
  2 beijing
  2 speakers
  2 dreams
  2 response
  2 holes
  2 chiles
  2 polished
  2 alleys
  2 yeah
  2 friend
  2 pool
  2 blew
  2 moldering
  2 hand-hold
  2 being
  2 scanned
  2 swallowed
  2 windows
  2 hid
  2 quickly
  2 veins
  2 glare
  2 thirty
  2 sold
  2 reds
  2 familiar
  2 adjusted
  2 pressure
  2 stagnant
  2 carried
  2 makes
  2 shaking
  2 logo
  2 pay
  2 glow
  2 rush
  2 tarnished
  2 crowds
  2 cash
  2 cigarette
  2 rumbling
  2 school
  2 finally
  2 wings
  2 rubble
  2 once
  2 silicon
  2 purpose
  2 dangerous
  2 edge
  2 these
  2 night
  2 ate
  2 time
  2 emptier
  2 son
  2 dripping
  2 tried
  2 wouldn't
  2 hills
  2 angry
  2 dirt
  2 burlap
  2 quavered
  2 showed
  2 filled
  2 gently
  2 whispers
  2 size
  2 side
  2 tendons
  2 contours
  2 enough
  2 pushing
  2 throat
  2 stone-ailixin
  2 mud-brick
  2 short
  2 use
  2 limbs
  2 name
  2 dried
  2 alien
  2 drizzle
  2 beanbean
  2 star
  2 ratted
  2 growth
  2 hypnotic
  2 sunlight
  2 cannot
  2 listen
  2 shake
  2 effect
  2 times
  2 apartment
  2 fought
  2 minerals
  2 tugged
  2 jun'
  1 nape
  1 descended
  1 noses
  1 segmented
  1 engineered
  1 colorado
  1 married
  1 protector
  1 ke
  1 xiang
  1 sluggish
  1 xieyan
  1 doorways
  1 trust
  1 descend
  1 clinging
  1 smoky
  1 terrace-sculpted
  1 china's
  1 curses
  1 breast
  1 wealthy
  1 grasp
  1 placed
  1 drizzling
  1 arc
  1 white-gloved
  1 nudged
  1 chip
  1 upright
  1 hunanese's
  1 hauled
  1 ladies
  1 lonely
  1 hooded
  1 death
  1 exhorted
  1 eye
  1 shizi
  1 headache
  1 muck
  1 fight
  1 cord
  1 rate
  1 matter
  1 shoveling
  1 owned
  1 cabbage
  1 rudeness
  1 resonances
  1 lift
  1 afternoon
  1 top
  1 passageway's
  1 pairs
  1 professional
  1 suibian
  1 collars
  1 rhythms
  1 door-to-door
  1 ceremony
  1 marked
  1 knelt
  1 show
  1 win
  1 wheel
  1 promised
  1 resided
  1 sizzle
  1 gather
  1 internals
  1 begging
  1 selected
  1 seek
  1 wears
  1 stone
  1 bar
  1 river
  1 better
  1 yours
  1 imprisoning
  1 chipao
  1 roared
  1 boot
  1 pharmaceuticals
  1 tea
  1 anymore
  1 onslaught
  1 surprise
  1 trailed
  1 think
  1 streetlamps
  1 saying
  1 inserted
  1 build
  1 corpse's
  1 chunks
  1 stains
  1 pile
  1 dragons
  1 word
  1 rent
  1 director
  1 owner
  1 americans
  1 yakmen
  1 slicked
  1 recognize
  1 ooze
  1 nest
  1 crooked
  1 taofanzhe
  1 infrastructure
  1 liang
  1 rituals
  1 digital
  1 glistened
  1 fanatics
  1 ankles
  1 vast
  1 stimuli
  1 intractable
  1 quarters
  1 student
  1 showering
  1 yu
  1 real
  1 radiated
  1 house
  1 hawked
  1 resigned
  1 earth
  1 wonder
  1 crooning
  1 pellets
  1 networks
  1 ignorant
  1 stunted
  1 neng
  1 darknesss
  1 sight
  1 religion
  1 reborn
  1 banking
  1 relented
  1 difficult
  1 wiped
  1 heaviness
  1 both
  1 program
  1 flew
  1 conflicts
  1 eventually
  1 lighted
  1 traitorous
  1 bleed
  1 dynasties
  1 shut
  1 important
  1 clustered
  1 spied
  1 harassed
  1 flashing
  1 shelves
  1 abruptly
  1 humanity
  1 undergoing
  1 stability
  1 credence
  1 speaking
  1 peasants
  1 instant-concrete
  1 mine
  1 support
  1 accumulated
  1 jiao
  1 salesman
  1 cobbled
  1 ants
  1 huge
  1 hindu
  1 swallowing
  1 spun
  1 tumbled
  1 bothering
  1 brilliant
  1 complete
  1 itself
  1 mapping
  1 unnaturally
  1 relic
  1 mortality
  1 chilled
  1 plucked
  1 designer
  1 stole
  1 wood
  1 bad
  1 clamped
  1 muscular
  1 mei
  1 inky
  1 afford
  1 dogmatism
  1 cumulative
  1 hot
  1 speak
  1 amplified
  1 pull-carts
  1 layers
  1 recently
  1 sheltering
  1 futility
  1 laying
  1 character
  1 companion's
  1 closely
  1 scrub
  1 waving
  1 whispered
  1 writing
  1 faint
  1 claws
  1 spiciness
  1 higher
  1 nailed
  1 distorted
  1 feigned
  1 posture
  1 burners
  1 late
  1 we'll
  1 key
  1 restaurant's
  1 screens
  1 duct
  1 spidery
  1 geometric
  1 beg
  1 monks
  1 hope
  1 dimly
  1 childhood
  1 colder
  1 railings
  1 talk
  1 splash
  1 shoved
  1 howled
  1 designed
  1 tile
  1 smoothed
  1 comes
  1 humming
  1 fang
  1 pack
  1 sinking
  1 instants
  1 yi
  1 listening
  1 stringy
  1 fire
  1 stray
  1 lightening
  1 dawn
  1 self-confident
  1 faucet
  1 wished
  1 arrival
  1 furtive
  1 graceful
  1 remarkable
  1 troops
  1 breathed
  1 individual
  1 beast
  1 weak
  1 previously
  1 fighter
  1 wine
  1 perched
  1 cycle
  1 officials
  1 shafts
  1 oh
  1 bricks
  1 listened
  1 skittishly
  1 showing
  1 specialized
  1 language
  1 glint
  1 release
  1 horse's
  1 novelty
  1 carrying
  1 recording
  1 smoking
  1 jobs
  1 dream
  1 assured
  1 seas
  1 dimness
  1 wary
  1 humid
  1 frantically
  1 biomass
  1 winding
  1 near
  1 leading
  1 lesson
  1 indication
  1 heedless
  1 pi
  1 advice
  1 mistaken
  1 alley's
  1 roots
  1 trapped
  1 staff-wielding
  1 tangled
  1 compatible
  1 perished
  1 guaranteed
  1 beggar-child
  1 speculative
  1 talking
  1 orange
  1 basin
  1 passageways
  1 inward
  1 marketing
  1 moment
  1 energy
  1 month
  1 float
  1 corridors
  1 closing
  1 plastics
  1 throw
  1 stolen
  1 perked
  1 every
  1 fiber
  1 unharvested
  1 shifting
  1 sliver
  1 isolated
  1 cushions
  1 terrible
  1 pulsed
  1 stand
  1 hefted
  1 molded
  1 stooped
  1 encrustations
  1 tamade
  1 fist
  1 rasping
  1 understanding
  1 aluminum
  1 sheer
  1 damaged
  1 clutched
  1 seized
  1 beginning
  1 pressing
  1 misted
  1 shuddered
  1 fast
  1 quick
  1 slow
  1 peeling
  1 endlessly
  1 highly
  1 accessible
  1 architectural
  1 match
  1 cigarettes
  1 puzzled
  1 california
  1 undid
  1 riding
  1 proper
  1 powdered
  1 counterpart
  1 shatter
  1 they'd
  1 encircling
  1 indifferent
  1 belts
  1 lean
  1 mass
  1 snorted
  1 heights
  1 smoked
  1 unused
  1 together
  1 grasped
  1 girls
  1 splashed
  1 puddle
  1 brick
  1 soaked
  1 woolen
  1 circles
  1 trace
  1 destroyed
  1 extra
  1 handful
  1 curving
  1 embedded
  1 goods
  1 styled
  1 daring
  1 guangdong
  1 possible
  1 games
  1 english
  1 nicked
  1 recognizing
  1 spattering
  1 wound
  1 hawker
  1 poured
  1 maozi
  1 turn
  1 past
  1 jack
  1 inventive
  1 biological
  1 savers
  1 cacophony
  1 impact
  1 thoughts
  1 conversation
  1 upload
  1 willingly
  1 features
  1 pagodas
  1 gutters
  1 oil
  1 harder
  1 chips
  1 distance
  1 lancing
  1 contents
  1 distinct
  1 earlier
  1 preserved
  1 opened
  1 painfully
  1 overly
  1 adapters
  1 successive
  1 remains
  1 smothered
  1 towers
  1 sparks
  1 branching
  1 payment
  1 trajectory
  1 plug
  1 forgotten
  1 belt
  1 ocean
  1 gazed
  1 acceleration
  1 twists
  1 medical
  1 soon
  1 origin
  1 scavenging
  1 memory
  1 strain
  1 gathered
  1 reach
  1 textel's
  1 confucius
  1 monitor
  1 pagoda
  1 scrabbled
  1 memories
  1 europeans
  1 hunt
  1 fumble
  1 flayed
  1 lends
  1 pictures
  1 become
  1 strike
  1 guiding
  1 butt
  1 softer
  1 fit
  1 seems
  1 awake
  1 borders
  1 careful
  1 sooty
  1 piece
  1 several
  1 reads
  1 rest
  1 wares
  1 rapid
  1 shushu
  1 texture
  1 sticky
  1 swing
  1 chose
  1 lead
  1 sliding
  1 pali
  1 shi
  1 plate
  1 respite
  1 order
  1 beggars
  1 jituan
  1 unhappy
  1 roughness
  1 thinking
  1 celebrated
  1 arrogant
  1 blossoms
  1 unfamiliar
  1 resilient
  1 day's
  1 roamed
  1 wondering
  1 scalding
  1 trophy
  1 acquaintance
  1 minds
  1 wave
  1 hearts
  1 heaven
  1 moneyed
  1 october
  1 hissing
  1 pissing
  1 uncontrollably
  1 kind
  1 underneath
  1 flamed
  1 mature
  1 triad
  1 work
  1 comfort
  1 scarred
  1 pretty
  1 wet-tiled
  1 clown
  1 lock
  1 incessant
  1 proofreader
  1 construct
  1 logos
  1 hardware
  1 stumps
  1 thud
  1 returning
  1 images
  1 swirling
  1 intelligence
  1 entirely
  1 phones
  1 service
  1 ways
  1 lighten
  1 shifts
  1 delhi
  1 ban
  1 homeward
  1 tripped
  1 characters
  1 impassively
  1 steal
  1 mule
  1 grave
  1 hardening
  1 cardboard
  1 cellulose
  1 accesses
  1 wish
  1 promise
  1 consternation
  1 anchuan
  1 backed
  1 tiger's
  1 fields
  1 electric
  1 leverage
  1 countries
  1 nod
  1 packing
  1 distantly
  1 loudly
  1 sweated
  1 leaning
  1 reality
  1 finished
  1 smile
  1 half
  1 carton
  1 bars
  1 keys
  1 tom
  1 recognized
  1 anyone
  1 containers
  1 suck
  1 panic
  1 day-sight
  1 beat
  1 stung
  1 three-finger's
  1 microfibers
  1 cap
  1 soot
  1 valuable
  1 flicked
  1 tilted
  1 rooms
  1 sought
  1 kid
  1 soldiers
  1 irrelevant
  1 bounced
  1 crumpled
  1 yelp
  1 mini
  1 patterns
  1 we've
  1 curious
  1 ceiling
  1 delighted
  1 splendors
  1 yellowed
  1 among
  1 monster
  1 texturing
  1 whatever's
  1 threatening
  1 brackets
  1 roof
  1 stride
  1 screeching
  1 tops
  1 stop
  1 rang
  1 information
  1 delivered
  1 deathly
  1 dismissal
  1 mountains
  1 jumped
  1 lama's
  1 leaner
  1 ducked
  1 soup
  1 stick-thin
  1 mountainous
  1 direction
  1 winter
  1 ugly
  1 limb
  1 silently
  1 neither
  1 covering
  1 women's
  1 survived
  1 seen
  1 captured
  1 joints
  1 future
  1 shanghai
  1 upon
  1 whining
  1 begged
  1 vertical
  1 stool
  1 cocky
  1 sile
  1 splittism
  1 clasps
  1 nutrients
  1 sweat
  1 dilated
  1 numbers
  1 traffic
  1 shrug
  1 stars
  1 strong
  1 comforts
  1 paced
  1 whipped
  1 stillness
  1 sheen
  1 deeply
  1 thickness
  1 screen
  1 typed
  1 cleared
  1 artificial
  1 fantastic
  1 habitable
  1 indifference
  1 rub
  1 intricately
  1 pricked
  1 gossamer
  1 annoyed
  1 beggar-boy
  1 handholds
  1 least
  1 gasped
  1 river's
  1 urchin
  1 ovals
  1 sun
  1 bobbed
  1 toes
  1 feast
  1 collapsed
  1 tall
  1 harness
  1 necklaces
  1 terrorism
  1 skull
  1 approached
  1 often
  1 identity
  1 notes
  1 distracted
  1 roaring
  1 next
  1 thus
  1 bright
  1 value
  1 finding
  1 duty
  1 summer
  1 tiled
  1 laden
  1 died
  1 washed
  1 asleep
  1 fluorescent
  1 yuxiang
  1 hunan
  1 believed
  1 spreading
  1 emulator
  1 company
  1 undamaged
  1 crowd
  1 extremists
  1 everywhere
  1 leather
  1 palm
  1 burning
  1 worry
  1 scraped
  1 slept
  1 departed
  1 dangled
  1 mob
  1 sinews
  1 launched
  1 shouting
  1 wickedly
  1 vaguely
  1 lush
  1 ratcheted
  1 boss
  1 raised
  1 ones
  1 excrement
  1 joining
  1 failing
  1 playing
  1 flickered
  1 methodical
  1 forced
  1 needs
  1 provinces
  1 securing
  1 jinlong
  1 feed
  1 desperation
  1 profit
  1 dispense
  1 convenient
  1 lives
  1 likely
  1 nap
  1 splinters
  1 fumbling
  1 immobile
  1 judgment
  1 corporation
  1 explosions
  1 selling
  1 political
  1 satellite
  1 career
  1 disregard
  1 sprouting
  1 farmer's
  1 nothings
  1 waists
  1 escape
  1 silk
  1 rails
  1 hopes
  1 singapore
  1 fans
  1 desiccated
  1 squat
  1 commuters
  1 colors
  1 controlled
  1 flay
  1 biostructure
  1 stale
  1 lattices
  1 hundred
  1 fully
  1 children
  1 carpet
  1 day
  1 accented
  1 pout
  1 frying
  1 dangling
  1 hallway
  1 reflected
  1 amputated
  1 computers
  1 lit
  1 sections
  1 worried
  1 using
  1 wrongs
  1 hole
  1 soot-stained
  1 shanshui
  1 residents
  1 blurred
  1 muttered
  1 workspaces
  1 parents
  1 dna
  1 embassy
  1 astride
  1 except
  1 peeked
  1 loud
  1 permanently
  1 crackled
  1 swarmed
  1 runs
  1 effluent
  1 indictments
  1 rebirth
  1 pipelines
  1 three-dimensional
  1 okay
  1 glad
  1 boards
  1 freedom
  1 sit
  1 machines
  1 naed
  1 nj
  1 bio-engineered
  1 babbling
  1 sweltering
  1 barrage
  1 deng
  1 spitting
  1 leaked
  1 within
  1 probing
  1 hollowed
  1 tongue
  1 wants
  1 sucking
  1 oversaw
  1 culture
  1 conspiratorially
  1 wu
  1 die-cast
  1 guide
  1 muttering
  1 recessed
  1 exploding
  1 denver
  1 lone
  1 crazy
  1 drooling
  1 parted
  1 assented
  1 laid
  1 she's
  1 inadequate
  1 silhouettes
  1 office
  1 silhouetted
  1 trips
  1 exchanged
  1 depends
  1 specialty
  1 possibilities
  1 tiny
  1 walking
  1 attended
  1 level
  1 caress
  1 10
  1 none
  1 guanxi
  1 trio
  1 fascination
  1 grasses
  1 strange
  1 eyebrows
  1 decide
  1 done
  1 they've
  1 approaching
  1 extracting
  1 studded
  1 slits
  1 scrolling
  1 world
  1 plunged
  1 slightly
  1 weighed
  1 tingled
  1 incompatible
  1 mother
  1 absorbed
  1 dust
  1 survival
  1 plague
  1 exaggerated
  1 leered
  1 throwing
  1 halogen
  1 delays
  1 shouts
  1 story
  1 limp
  1 swinging
  1 true
  1 woman's
  1 nor
  1 various
  1 chief
  1 gagged
  1 looks
  1 ba
  1 organism's
  1 goddess
  1 vegetables
  1 different
  1 believe
  1 broader
  1 installed
  1 instinctively
  1 hers
  1 wrists
  1 novel
  1 promises
  1 hurried
  1 rushed
  1 huanglong
  1 pollutants
  1 useless
  1 change
  1 impulse
  1 sichuanese
  1 moisture
  1 walk
  1 doorway's
  1 precariously
  1 called
  1 influence
  1 cavorting
  1 phoenixes
  1 quivering
  1 operation's
  1 test
  1 produce
  1 step
  1 womb
  1 infinity
  1 numbed
  1 lazily
  1 typing
  1 best
  1 sockets
  1 fry
  1 king
  1 yellows
  1 machine
  1 humidity
  1 crowded
  1 receding
  1 rot
  1 cried
  1 question
  1 shei
  1 loop
  1 eminence
  1 green-terraced
  1 flow
  1 doesn't
  1 horrified
  1 crouching
  1 000
  1 related
  1 pull
  1 monkey
  1 folded
  1 reaching
  1 meters
  1 coat
  1 color
  1 hunkered
  1 agreement
  1 watered
  1 instead
  1 sort
  1 drank
  1 exposed
  1 staring
  1 scalded
  1 assume
  1 connections
  1 blossoming
  1 matrix
  1 collect
  1 crazily
  1 shot
  1 jerky
  1 repeated
  1 ask
  1 receive
  1 slang
  1 swallow
  1 sect
  1 greens
  1 ignoring
  1 standing
  1 cut
  1 plant
  1 stiffen
  1 fifty
  1 plugged
  1 easy
  1 stronger
  1 rise
  1 jiajiu
  1 beating
  1 peaks
  1 scrambled
  1 sacrilegious
  1 screams
  1 educated
  1 minute
  1 impossible
  1 skulls
  1 fluffy
  1 plains
  1 suns
  1 architecture
  1 checkpoints
  1 heroin
  1 formal
  1 buyers
  1 struts
  1 reverential
  1 pain
  1 stealthy
  1 debut
  1 milky
  1 sleeves
  1 turns
  1 overwhelmed
  1 stepped
  1 computer's
  1 lenses
  1 killed
  1 socket
  1 paint
  1 greater
  1 shape
  1 tracking
  1 datasocket
  1 karaoke
  1 illuminating
  1 interrupting
  1 sichuan
  1 saddle
  1 falling
  1 floor
  1 exoskeleton
  1 heavy
  1 kai
  1 headed
  1 ducts
  1 landed
  1 dissipating
  1 existed
  1 drove
  1 relaxed
  1 joined
  1 dormant
  1 compost
  1 expanses
  1 nowadays
  1 either
  1 rancid
  1 cobbles
  1 impulsively
  1 cooling
  1 snowy
  1 you'll
  1 heavier
  1 eyed
  1 unsecured
  1 side-street
  1 maddening
  1 mists
  1 grimed
  1 wide-open
  1 lovely
  1 cell
  1 phrase
  1 quiet
  1 cry
  1 coated
  1 concerns
  1 pulp
  1 senses
  1 rappelling
  1 scudded
  1 modem
  1 shoots
  1 scowled
  1 prepared
  1 glowering
  1 dozens
  1 rides
  1 intersections
  1 massive
  1 labored
  1 bottle
  1 edged
  1 section
  1 covetously
  1 stretched
  1 desk
  1 intentions
  1 boiled
  1 fired
  1 renmin
  1 shirt
  1 terminated
  1 blank
  1 careless
  1 jingled
  1 helped
  1 vibrating
  1 continue
  1 engraved
  1 homes
  1 lines
  1 occupants
  1 sniffed
  1 ensuring
  1 infinitely
  1 thatched
  1 singer
  1 decomposes
  1 instant
  1 spatter
  1 re-pocketed
  1 aroma
  1 temperature
  1 drawer
  1 simply
  1 rotated
  1 shiny
  1 sprouted
  1 beckoning
  1 pocketful
  1 oozed
  1 hua
  1 rep
  1 late-night
  1 shreddings
  1 grabbed
  1 threatened
  1 where'd
  1 slapped
  1 safe
  1 claims
  1 overwhelm
  1 fastened
  1 starting
  1 dharma
  1 clouds
  1 columns
  1 bedding
  1 armor
  1 defiance
  1 crossed
  1 brought
  1 polyglot
  1 spent
  1 heated
  1 stick
  1 homeland
  1 mark
  1 hopped
  1 filtering
  1 brown
  1 hostess
  1 fur
  1 brain
  1 blackness
  1 dresses
  1 issued
  1 gawked
  1 remain
  1 efficiency
  1 jacket
  1 steaming
  1 nearby
  1 returned
  1 kilometer
  1 elegance
  1 stay
  1 live
  1 backs
  1 blindly
  1 search
  1 standard
  1 workers
  1 it'll
  1 trying
  1 smoothness
  1 bridge's
  1 guarded
  1 checked
  1 bullshit
  1 react
  1 vases
  1 me'er
  1 place
  1 appearance
  1 consciousness
  1 nongmin
  1 play
  1 freak
  1 bothered

688.

Pop Squad - Paolo Bacigalupi : z non-fiction - z concordance - 3.0 

Pop Squad

  616 the
  440 and
  291 i
  234 a
  219 to
  194 of
  190 her
  172 it
  141 she
  131 in
  102 my
  99 on
  97 me
  90 that
  83 with
  79 you
  78 at
  75 for
  67 but
  67 out
  61 up
  60 like
  54 is
  52 all
  49 have
  47 i'm
  47 she's
  46 as
  44 it's
  41 one
  40 alice
  40 from
  40 kid
  39 they
  39 eyes
  38 we
  38 then
  37 this
  35 off
  35 just
  35 don't
  35 into
  33 can
  33 little
  33 down
  33 be
  32 back
  32 if
  32 do
  32 so
  32 when
  32 over
  32 got
  32 through
  32 not
  31 again
  31 them
  30 what
  28 or
  27 was
  27 look
  27 now
  26 know
  26 dinosaur
  25 rejoo
  24 i've
  23 their
  23 can't
  22 even
  22 an
  22 been
  21 get
  21 want
  21 see
  21 grange
  20 go
  20 are
  20 make
  20 another
  20 around
  19 going
  19 table
  19 who
  19 about
  19 woman
  19 baby
  19 how
  19 his
  19 take
  19 before
  18 by
  18 come
  18 years
  17 no
  17 pentle
  17 gun
  17 doesn't
  16 jungle
  16 old
  16 girl
  16 our
  16 than
  16 new
  16 more
  16 head
  15 he
  15 would
  15 something
  15 away
  15 dead
  15 its
  15 long
  15 had
  15 screaming
  15 why
  15 looks
  15 these
  14 face
  14 hands
  14 some
  14 kitchen
  14 kids
  14 too
  14 floor
  13 under
  13 still
  13 women
  13 other
  13 air
  13 made
  13 time
  13 has
  13 door
  12 keep
  12 could
  12 feel
  12 work
  12 hat
  12 last
  12 here
  11 fingers
  11 right
  11 way
  11 i'll
  11 almost
  11 day
  11 says
  11 looking
  11 anything
  11 thing
  11 live
  11 room
  10 there
  10 really
  10 already
  10 that's
  10 maybe
  10 seems
  10 where
  10 i'd
  10 put
  10 holds
  10 while
  9 anymore
  9 telogo
  9 lady
  9 call
  9 open
  9 never
  9 life
  9 run
  9 end
  9 thinking
  9 herself
  9 your
  9 didn't
  9 remember
  9 us
  9 trying
  8 hear
  8 outside
  8 everything
  8 car
  8 bang
  8 cruiser
  8 dark
  8 were
  8 home
  8 takes
  8 whole
  8 did
  8 stop
  8 there's
  8 much
  8 good
  8 runs
  8 because
  8 world
  8 hand
  8 shot
  8 cigarette
  8 watches
  8 pop
  7 gone
  7 should
  7 think
  7 nothing
  7 green
  7 need
  7 wet
  7 behind
  7 talk
  7 squad
  7 blue
  7 we're
  7 say
  7 stares
  7 find
  7 any
  7 monkeys
  7 light
  7 will
  7 heard
  7 next
  7 toward
  7 pulls
  7 give
  7 couldn't
  7 across
  7 coming
  7 along
  7 high
  7 play
  6 ladies
  6 won't
  6 things
  6 waiting
  6 cleanup
  6 holding
  6 black
  6 she'll
  6 toy
  6 turn
  6 living
  6 said
  6 laughs
  6 went
  6 forever
  6 two
  6 breasts
  6 each
  6 lying
  6 hidden
  6 let
  6 only
  6 shrugs
  6 weren't
  6 feels
  6 bright
  6 big
  6 against
  6 yet
  6 inside
  6 barely
  6 body
  6 always
  6 tries
  6 sit
  6 crazy
  6 isn't
  6 mother
  6 maria
  6 crying
  6 performance
  6 makes
  6 pull
  6 brontosaurus
  6 clear
  6 edge
  6 wouldn't
  6 tell
  6 hua
  6 spaghetti
  5 better
  5 fine
  5 watch
  5 arms
  5 person
  5 line
  5 doll
  5 anyway
  5 bad
  5 gets
  5 who's
  5 comes
  5 sea
  5 dinosaurs
  5 surprised
  5 mirror
  5 sitting
  5 stand
  5 damn
  5 mouth
  5 dirty
  5 own
  5 sense
  5 neck
  5 great
  5 beautiful
  5 water
  5 second
  5 kind
  5 sure
  5 banini
  5 alice's
  5 him
  5 dumb
  5 collectibles
  5 you're
  5 close
  5 chiang
  5 carbon
  5 left
  5 drag
  5 mother's
  5 making
  5 blood
  5 hold
  5 themselves
  5 spire
  5 you've
  5 music
  5 though
  5 kill
  5 mind
  5 ever
  5 alive
  5 well
  5 yeah
  5 train
  5 done
  5 different
  5 believe
  5 small
  5 instead
  5 guess
  5 babies
  5 keeps
  5 enough
  5 box
  5 you'd
  5 stupid
  4 bit
  4 everyone
  4 matter
  4 people
  4 fresh
  4 poor
  4 smiling
  4 house
  4 fridge
  4 wonder
  4 knowing
  4 red
  4 smell
  4 caught
  4 hair
  4 bag
  4 pick
  4 shoot
  4 popping
  4 many
  4 moment
  4 lady's
  4 every
  4 brains
  4 ago
  4 together
  4 girls
  4 sighs
  4 couple
  4 shove
  4 chair
  4 might
  4 practice
  4 sorry
  4 started
  4 blouse
  4 love
  4 onto
  4 angel
  4 three
  4 climbs
  4 calls
  4 nod
  4 anyone
  4 part
  4 rain
  4 tight
  4 shrug
  4 stuffed
  4 screen
  4 less
  4 cop
  4 push
  4 hit
  4 same
  4 ahead
  4 ipswitch
  4 breathe
  4 looked
  4 studying
  4 children
  4 since
  4 cannon
  4 except
  4 okay
  4 touch
  4 wanted
  4 wants
  4 nitheads
  4 myself
  4 hasn't
  4 diapers
  4 none
  4 applause
  4 used
  4 woman's
  4 ground
  4 swelter
  4 windows
  4 hard
  4 starts
  4 staring
  4 standing
  4 screams
  4 finally
  4 try
  4 heavy
  4 night
  4 smiles
  4 closer
  4 seem
  4 suddenly
  4 leave
  4 completely
  4 drawer
  4 toys
  4 lot
  4 times
  4 bastard
  4 first
  3 twenty
  3 lights
  3 address
  3 knew
  3 hats
  3 bonsai
  3 few
  3 york
  3 breath
  3 stink
  3 doors
  3 thighs
  3 tingling
  3 sees
  3 hell
  3 stare
  3 city
  3 slide
  3 job
  3 stained
  3 center
  3 sight
  3 dolls
  3 mom
  3 shut
  3 nithead
  3 let's
  3 doing
  3 itself
  3 pants
  3 spray
  3 darkness
  3 stuff
  3 rising
  3 late
  3 die
  3 maglines
  3 ears
  3 whatever
  3 fat
  3 talking
  3 throw
  3 watching
  3 maria's
  3 neighbors
  3 calling
  3 quick
  3 alone
  3 mistake
  3 slip
  3 those
  3 bodies
  3 gunpowder
  3 grin
  3 balcony
  3 shit
  3 smart
  3 answer
  3 move
  3 notice
  3 soon
  3 miss
  3 without
  3 vs
  3 piece
  3 they're
  3 after
  3 heart
  3 kid's
  3 came
  3 jerks
  3 fall
  3 smoke
  3 pretty
  3 entirely
  3 nose
  3 silence
  3 start
  3 full
  3 smile
  3 sits
  3 squeeze
  3 scrambles
  3 year
  3 we've
  3 thousand
  3 shapes
  3 wall
  3 direction
  3 skin
  3 knows
  3 problem
  3 closes
  3 fifteen
  3 probably
  3 tired
  3 everywhere
  3 flying
  3 tracks
  3 hanging
  3 concert
  3 understudies
  3 playing
  3 focus
  3 space
  3 lives
  3 likely
  3 thought
  3 pregnant
  3 am
  3 hundred
  3 course
  3 funny
  3 must
  3 hole
  3 pulled
  3 what's
  3 haven't
  3 ready
  3 store
  3 12mm
  3 perfectly
  3 grabs
  3 illicit
  3 viola
  3 hers
  3 daylight
  3 best
  3 point
  3 which
  3 far
  3 fizzy
  3 sort
  3 exposed
  3 ask
  3 bullet
  3 likes
  3 camera
  3 turns
  3 once
  3 played
  3 quiet
  3 closed
  3 illoni
  3 until
  3 name
  3 nursing
  3 we'd
  3 eighteen
  3 suburban
  3 lap
  3 perhaps
  3 counter
  3 place
  3 forget
  3 noise
  2 startled
  2 stumbling
  2 imagine
  2 cores
  2 land
  2 seeing
  2 breast
  2 telogo's
  2 sequestration
  2 single-sex
  2 cool
  2 beauty
  2 poopy
  2 fight
  2 curl
  2 top
  2 barrel
  2 bunch
  2 told
  2 collapse
  2 liquid
  2 heads
  2 forays
  2 reaches
  2 tea
  2 causeway
  2 spend
  2 breeding
  2 lucky
  2 shitty
  2 climbing
  2 building
  2 deal
  2 dizzy
  2 motherhood
  2 yellow
  2 wonderful
  2 set
  2 real
  2 obvious
  2 adulation
  2 blink
  2 white
  2 young
  2 working
  2 sleep
  2 both
  2 important
  2 they'll
  2 rex
  2 leans
  2 happens
  2 apartment's
  2 holster
  2 hours
  2 frowning
  2 enjoying
  2 below
  2 twitch
  2 hot
  2 drink
  2 layers
  2 collectors
  2 rather
  2 age
  2 steel
  2 we'll
  2 save
  2 prime
  2 plan
  2 area
  2 seethes
  2 symphony
  2 ours
  2 listening
  2 disappearing
  2 fire
  2 furtive
  2 canon
  2 plastic
  2 oh
  2 humid
  2 winding
  2 morning
  2 somewhere
  2 buy
  2 coffee
  2 lips
  2 care
  2 shoreline
  2 residue
  2 heat
  2 fast
  2 slow
  2 beside
  2 nightgown
  2 arm
  2 tangle
  2 shopping
  2 climate
  2 flip
  2 running
  2 blasting
  2 monsoon
  2 lifts
  2 scamper
  2 sailed
  2 blow
  2 questions
  2 wasn't
  2 beyond
  2 lashes
  2 puddle
  2 photo
  2 possible
  2 months
  2 kept
  2 online
  2 understand
  2 apartments
  2 past
  2 seat
  2 canopy
  2 donors
  2 sprawl
  2 chooses
  2 superclusters
  2 getting
  2 fucking
  2 goes
  2 remains
  2 angle
  2 ocean
  2 bed
  2 perforated
  2 built
  2 reek
  2 puts
  2 reach
  2 sparkles
  2 stomachs
  2 force
  2 rabbit
  2 took
  2 history
  2 fit
  2 trains
  2 zero
  2 image
  2 fertile
  2 shoving
  2 growing
  2 putting
  2 someone
  2 stands
  2 needed
  2 messy
  2 wide
  2 mammaries
  2 cutting
  2 attention
  2 weight
  2 half
  2 daughter
  2 audience
  2 money
  2 splashing
  2 extinct
  2 forward
  2 double
  2 shots
  2 flicker
  2 ten
  2 most
  2 roof
  2 parked
  2 recidivism
  2 happen
  2 cover
  2 seen
  2 sample
  2 nice
  2 means
  2 clever
  2 confused
  2 sweat
  2 meet
  2 brood
  2 joke
  2 deep
  2 sun
  2 screwdrivers
  2 pretend
  2 food
  2 vacation
  2 notes
  2 waste
  2 moms
  2 felt
  2 rich
  2 t-shirt
  2 crowd
  2 m
  2 movies
  2 leaving
  2 diaper
  2 flakes
  2 pissed
  2 hitting
  2 crew
  2 ones
  2 glass
  2 littlest
  2 clothes
  2 broke
  2 carefully
  2 else
  2 tomorrow
  2 between
  2 howling
  2 dinner
  2 catching
  2 rings
  2 laughing
  2 piles
  2 collar
  2 rails
  2 silk
  2 older
  2 taking
  2 break
  2 makeshift
  2 pups
  2 vines
  2 sets
  2 wooden
  2 masslift
  2 lost
  2 bagging
  2 curve
  2 flushed
  2 sucker
  2 mad
  2 critics
  2 worth
  2 pale
  2 sharp
  2 stood
  2 strange
  2 stench
  2 screwed
  2 corner
  2 slightly
  2 howls
  2 guy
  2 longer
  2 calculations
  2 smooth
  2 practiced
  2 steps
  2 limp
  2 being
  2 chiang's
  2 grime
  2 man
  2 challenge
  2 vegetables
  2 hall
  2 spires
  2 aren't
  2 called
  2 sunken
  2 having
  2 familiar
  2 forehead
  2 straighten
  2 stretches
  2 stanzas
  2 throne
  2 monkey
  2 reaching
  2 found
  2 color
  2 mess
  2 lungs
  2 locked
  2 anger
  2 shouldn't
  2 sauce
  2 overstory
  2 remembers
  2 camp
  2 repeated
  2 shelf
  2 swallow
  2 ha
  2 evidence
  2 fifty
  2 held
  2 impossible
  2 collector
  2 paint
  2 flipped
  2 catch
  2 fun
  2 waves
  2 nosecap
  2 compost
  2 chase
  2 twice
  2 tag
  2 crime
  2 lovely
  2 clock
  2 falls
  2 hard-on
  2 days
  2 side
  2 desperate
  2 guys
  2 gold
  2 limbs
  2 infinitely
  2 week
  2 chance
  2 resourceful
  2 spout
  2 burn
  2 she'd
  2 mean
  2 brown
  2 fur
  2 gift
  2 wrinkles
  2 bet
  2 drop
  2 services
  2 apartment
  2 kiss
  2 wanders
  2 saw
  2 picture
  2 scene
  2 mopdown
  1 sacs
  1 dolphina
  1 ki
  1 performances
  1 learned
  1 issue
  1 calm
  1 perkies
  1 obviously
  1 self-destructive
  1 lets
  1 chunky
  1 gray
  1 practical
  1 custom
  1 corn
  1 thirty-three
  1 curves
  1 wait
  1 bladder
  1 regretful
  1 claw
  1 scoots
  1 id
  1 concourse
  1 skeleton
  1 swings
  1 setting
  1 smells
  1 thank
  1 fair
  1 project
  1 flesh
  1 crowding
  1 grunts
  1 picking
  1 classy
  1 situation
  1 eye
  1 giving
  1 market
  1 lies
  1 muck
  1 blinds
  1 coals
  1 dramatically
  1 ran
  1 race
  1 south
  1 provides
  1 front
  1 splitting
  1 autolocks
  1 brazil
  1 sink
  1 junkie
  1 flings
  1 asking
  1 fuckingfuckfucking
  1 destiny
  1 powder
  1 focuses
  1 slides
  1 enveloped
  1 triumphant
  1 twenty-four
  1 martyrs
  1 government
  1 show
  1 unstoppable
  1 scavenge
  1 occasionally
  1 blowing
  1 squeezing
  1 yank
  1 killing
  1 strobes
  1 recoilless
  1 fecund
  1 cooked
  1 deafening
  1 flushing
  1 self-congratulation
  1 gardens
  1 stone
  1 forcing
  1 diva
  1 yours
  1 fighting
  1 unwashed
  1 em
  1 dropout
  1 final
  1 hide
  1 feeding
  1 men
  1 differently
  1 immortal
  1 pour
  1 ghost
  1 sags
  1 pops
  1 saying
  1 jeweled
  1 pristine
  1 pouring
  1 yourself
  1 heavily
  1 stains
  1 jungle's
  1 slabs
  1 jars
  1 reminds
  1 thigh
  1 surpassed
  1 flash
  1 fold
  1 evening
  1 word
  1 additional
  1 mapped
  1 craning
  1 eaves
  1 topaz
  1 reclaiming
  1 director
  1 maggot
  1 misaligned
  1 maintenance
  1 trench
  1 accelerates
  1 deflate
  1 absently
  1 monsters
  1 waitress
  1 symmetry
  1 happy
  1 sailboats
  1 smudgefree
  1 compelled
  1 nickel
  1 listings
  1 clusters
  1 infrastructure
  1 whenever
  1 serving
  1 shout
  1 sobs
  1 pulse
  1 brim
  1 codes
  1 seconds
  1 corvid
  1 horns
  1 streak
  1 wiring
  1 pineapples
  1 heaved
  1 met
  1 houses
  1 assassins
  1 fatty
  1 offspring
  1 performed
  1 process
  1 maggots
  1 frowns
  1 shop's
  1 boyfriend
  1 cutest
  1 lunch
  1 slipped
  1 laugh
  1 powered
  1 crib
  1 arrived
  1 lid
  1 perfect
  1 cleaning
  1 birth
  1 business
  1 people's
  1 eventually
  1 pterodactyl
  1 rushing
  1 code
  1 55
  1 tears
  1 resupply
  1 calloused
  1 convulsions
  1 players
  1 flick
  1 relax
  1 abruptly
  1 pass
  1 plowed
  1 nasty
  1 relief
  1 forgetting
  1 thumbs
  1 practically
  1 dully
  1 contains
  1 support
  1 wrapped
  1 huge
  1 buries
  1 global
  1 spun
  1 created
  1 portion
  1 coalfoundries
  1 ourselves
  1 bloodmist
  1 kick
  1 flowers
  1 petal
  1 dilate
  1 boy
  1 estate
  1 stain
  1 hand-carved
  1 nineteen-year-old
  1 negative
  1 plumpness
  1 squirms
  1 clutter
  1 splintered
  1 giggles
  1 edges
  1 wasting
  1 comforting
  1 black-haired
  1 pulling
  1 squares
  1 tightening
  1 steadies
  1 beams
  1 speak
  1 self
  1 bows
  1 dad
  1 goons
  1 businessmen
  1 pianissimo
  1 cute
  1 tick
  1 painted
  1 execution
  1 waving
  1 marry
  1 sagging
  1 collector's
  1 whir
  1 coastline
  1 pinky-sized
  1 raining
  1 batch
  1 drunks
  1 antsy
  1 rewind
  1 companionship
  1 thickens
  1 kudzu
  1 key
  1 fried
  1 rejoo-collapse
  1 tyrannosaurus
  1 purses
  1 spidery
  1 extended
  1 hope
  1 mangled
  1 husband
  1 mashed
  1 mask
  1 forty
  1 today
  1 shoved
  1 tile
  1 disappear
  1 hides
  1 arrive
  1 repertoire
  1 card
  1 opposite
  1 sick
  1 four
  1 connection
  1 closest
  1 war
  1 crystal
  1 telltales
  1 pig
  1 whirling
  1 atlantic
  1 climbed
  1 hungry
  1 diners
  1 entire
  1 sculptures
  1 amongst
  1 wine
  1 simple
  1 cocks
  1 sour
  1 banal
  1 showing
  1 erased
  1 feet
  1 increases
  1 feminists
  1 dumping
  1 directory
  1 distaste
  1 spectacle
  1 clean
  1 main
  1 clawing
  1 leading
  1 coordinating
  1 scrap
  1 spends
  1 he's
  1 stacking
  1 busting
  1 drive
  1 fizzing
  1 wrinkly
  1 triangles
  1 autopilot
  1 cliff
  1 action
  1 outfits
  1 ruining
  1 date
  1 meal
  1 arch
  1 raid
  1 dresser
  1 god
  1 bassinet
  1 incandescent
  1 energy
  1 wearing
  1 crusty
  1 act
  1 closing
  1 plastics
  1 ambitious
  1 provide
  1 unprocessed
  1 punch
  1 terrible
  1 stack
  1 thrown
  1 debris
  1 seedpods
  1 accommodate
  1 understanding
  1 superman
  1 kid-crazy
  1 sheer
  1 sperm
  1 nitfitter
  1 warming
  1 sky
  1 fugitives
  1 icepicks
  1 beginning
  1 pressing
  1 plopping
  1 clicking
  1 generics
  1 brass
  1 airy
  1 buzzard
  1 torture
  1 soil
  1 blushes
  1 map
  1 tease
  1 patient
  1 possibility
  1 ropes
  1 study
  1 laap
  1 carrion
  1 droop
  1 sooner
  1 knowledgeable
  1 errands
  1 bearable
  1 visit
  1 tangling
  1 tolerantly
  1 series
  1 predator
  1 bloody
  1 squalling
  1 places
  1 unsteadily
  1 rice
  1 tow-headed
  1 silver
  1 rhine-hurst
  1 surface
  1 spire's
  1 lean
  1 faster
  1 stinks
  1 primal
  1 snorted
  1 underlain
  1 messing
  1 obsessive
  1 trick
  1 endive
  1 gunk
  1 fountain's
  1 scatter
  1 sparkling
  1 picked
  1 bob
  1 crying's
  1 suburbs
  1 outdoor
  1 cold
  1 absolute
  1 holstering
  1 appliances
  1 ringing
  1 nods
  1 buying
  1 chill
  1 deco
  1 pauses
  1 tuning
  1 geologic
  1 balloons
  1 override
  1 grimace
  1 later
  1 grocery
  1 sucks
  1 beads
  1 tune
  1 spattering
  1 rotting
  1 art
  1 fairy
  1 weekenders
  1 penis
  1 competitors
  1 lived
  1 split
  1 scalloped
  1 competing
  1 grandchildren
  1 gave
  1 preferences
  1 thick
  1 impact
  1 peeks
  1 starving
  1 thoughts
  1 icecap
  1 conversation
  1 baby's
  1 contrast
  1 twisting
  1 harder
  1 please
  1 everybody
  1 button
  1 cereal
  1 gathering
  1 prosecutor
  1 distance
  1 slim
  1 pistol
  1 tendril
  1 peas
  1 civilization
  1 toadstools
  1 vine
  1 surge
  1 flawlessness
  1 affection
  1 paperwork
  1 successive
  1 disappears
  1 collection
  1 movement
  1 herds
  1 ducks
  1 unstacking
  1 forgotten
  1 acceleration
  1 dropping
  1 creature
  1 slumps
  1 vomiting
  1 jump
  1 beep
  1 remembering
  1 smashing
  1 ditto
  1 spine
  1 memories
  1 upper-deck
  1 pictures
  1 waffles
  1 motions
  1 guiding
  1 archeological
  1 expect
  1 motifs
  1 gutter
  1 clutching
  1 smeared
  1 follow
  1 several
  1 rest
  1 swaying
  1 endless
  1 nozzles
  1 undercab
  1 flutes
  1 foreheads
  1 arcing
  1 stops
  1 chasing
  1 attracted
  1 absurdly
  1 lead
  1 narrow
  1 discipline
  1 accepts
  1 prize
  1 sag
  1 forgot
  1 definitely
  1 fluidly
  1 data
  1 glittering
  1 drags
  1 sound-proofed
  1 treat
  1 dark-of-night
  1 depress
  1 nervously
  1 legs
  1 mom's
  1 chatter
  1 talked
  1 circling
  1 wondering
  1 shadows
  1 screamers
  1 slumped
  1 theirs
  1 rivulet
  1 petals
  1 span
  1 screwing
  1 magnetic
  1 leg
  1 examining
  1 protect
  1 gasification
  1 bowels
  1 pinprick-sprayed
  1 strongly
  1 stories
  1 self-cleaned
  1 cartooney
  1 188
  1 sell
  1 cruisers
  1 thud
  1 mainlined
  1 images
  1 burst
  1 surveys
  1 ways
  1 whether
  1 shifts
  1 limitations
  1 joked
  1 shallowly
  1 curved
  1 badge
  1 understory
  1 sidelong
  1 writhe
  1 feeling
  1 forty-eight
  1 puddles
  1 homing
  1 snort
  1 conversational
  1 wisdom
  1 digicam
  1 thanks
  1 grave
  1 shakes
  1 finger
  1 eggy
  1 grit
  1 pulverize
  1 old-time
  1 bedlam
  1 voice
  1 donor
  1 racks
  1 profile
  1 electric
  1 actually
  1 generated
  1 masslifts
  1 special
  1 rip
  1 leaning
  1 reality
  1 rushes
  1 joins
  1 finished
  1 ripping
  1 bars
  1 encroaching
  1 grimy
  1 efficient
  1 weave
  1 boat
  1 century-old
  1 pleasant
  1 antique
  1 mitigation
  1 hesitate
  1 melons
  1 squish
  1 freshness
  1 testing
  1 floors
  1 one's
  1 beat
  1 tender
  1 irony
  1 nuts
  1 heck
  1 avocados
  1 muscle
  1 brief
  1 rooms
  1 eager
  1 nausea
  1 sake
  1 prepare
  1 scowling
  1 delicate
  1 kneading
  1 cross
  1 piped
  1 ripe
  1 ilk
  1 curious
  1 mathematics
  1 sweet
  1 shadow
  1 sprawled
  1 monster
  1 muscles
  1 photos
  1 weekend
  1 offering
  1 slugs
  1 cleanly
  1 screeching
  1 hundreds
  1 bonded
  1 surrounds
  1 wakes
  1 shoppers
  1 slender
  1 piercing
  1 rust
  1 shrieks
  1 storm
  1 wallscreens
  1 diving
  1 trees
  1 shrieking
  1 parking
  1 burps
  1 private
  1 tonight
  1 weights
  1 fruition
  1 hippy
  1 silently
  1 sorts
  1 procedure
  1 sopped
  1 magnet
  1 beds
  1 warning
  1 fondle
  1 solemn-eyed
  1 practices
  1 insane
  1 wrist
  1 picks
  1 very
  1 grasping
  1 rim
  1 sloppy
  1 accretion
  1 hooked
  1 garbage
  1 mommy
  1 countertop
  1 unarmored
  1 pullout
  1 dry
  1 deeps
  1 cuffing
  1 exactly
  1 blond
  1 gaia
  1 inattention
  1 armed
  1 complains
  1 melanie
  1 miniature
  1 eighty
  1 slimy
  1 dress
  1 magline
  1 symphony's
  1 teak
  1 gallop
  1 wilderness
  1 blurry
  1 banini's
  1 kara
  1 figurines
  1 curtains
  1 deeply
  1 sorority
  1 toy-buying
  1 slick
  1 needing
  1 cries
  1 rub
  1 steam
  1 bell
  1 misty
  1 whistles
  1 babbles
  1 encounters
  1 connected
  1 coppers'-little-helpers
  1 hook
  1 clears
  1 chairs
  1 file
  1 degrees
  1 keywords
  1 cars
  1 least
  1 losing
  1 guided
  1 bulges
  1 decided
  1 introduction
  1 six
  1 aisles
  1 bouncing
  1 flows
  1 stuck
  1 raincoat
  1 settles
  1 tighter
  1 hangs
  1 vision
  1 distracted
  1 hiking
  1 brushing
  1 commemorate
  1 transaction
  1 bits
  1 duty
  1 cuffs
  1 feedings
  1 weddings
  1 seduced
  1 intended
  1 belgian
  1 interrupts
  1 branches
  1 company
  1 situations
  1 platforms
  1 assuming
  1 cheeks
  1 holographic
  1 industry
  1 bags
  1 evolution
  1 invitingly
  1 allow
  1 advisor
  1 hour
  1 input
  1 shoulders
  1 larger
  1 others
  1 choose
  1 toddler
  1 campaign
  1 dim
  1 middle
  1 younger
  1 piece's
  1 applied
  1 fault
  1 liked
  1 lavender
  1 born
  1 somehow
  1 coke
  1 mist
  1 slayer
  1 slowing
  1 nighttime
  1 financial
  1 thrashing
  1 anachronism
  1 fades
  1 given
  1 joining
  1 slam
  1 plays
  1 overkill
  1 knee-high
  1 chain
  1 seethe
  1 engine
  1 hiding
  1 seeming
  1 clinic's
  1 dedication
  1 inexplicably
  1 lump
  1 missing
  1 securing
  1 ad
  1 token
  1 groceries
  1 strings
  1 applauding
  1 caterpillar
  1 parts
  1 peer
  1 slips
  1 taper
  1 speaks
  1 frightening
  1 won
  1 twenty-first-century
  1 poses
  1 willing
  1 cluttered
  1 flipping
  1 mangrove
  1 settled
  1 walks
  1 armful
  1 branch
  1 surf
  1 dose
  1 stumped
  1 jewels
  1 offer
  1 disappeared
  1 hopes
  1 chaos
  1 salt
  1 braids
  1 backing
  1 ritual
  1 fans
  1 shift
  1 dash
  1 bawling
  1 bra
  1 colors
  1 public
  1 spackled
  1 bat
  1 reconnected
  1 fully
  1 patents
  1 apt
  1 lands
  1 granges
  1 weapon
  1 engineer
  1 shone
  1 lower
  1 bins
  1 holdout
  1 queer
  1 heavens
  1 killers'
  1 techs
  1 echo
  1 staking
  1 faces
  1 worried
  1 using
  1 pin
  1 advantage
  1 critical
  1 brunch
  1 digging
  1 dive
  1 pulses
  1 united
  1 newfoundland
  1 shoes
  1 parents
  1 dna
  1 lockers
  1 fungal
  1 knocking
  1 mma
  1 catches
  1 normally
  1 hurt
  1 intact
  1 ash
  1 loud
  1 catcalls
  1 clinics
  1 bliss
  1 undocumented
  1 disrepair
  1 compare
  1 tiptoe
  1 crunch
  1 nobody
  1 mycoprotein
  1 glad
  1 tone
  1 forty-seven
  1 scowls
  1 forest
  1 creamy
  1 routes
  1 psychologists
  1 spitting
  1 mangle
  1 self-warming
  1 honest
  1 species
  1 radial
  1 shuffles
  1 wraps
  1 buzz
  1 bunched
  1 week-old
  1 loved
  1 points
  1 soft
  1 heartstoppingly
  1 hideouts
  1 palomino
  1 opinion
  1 tux
  1 painful
  1 starlight
  1 teary
  1 carries
  1 pinpricks
  1 dishes
  1 parted
  1 shipped
  1 trip
  1 track
  1 holes
  1 mutinous
  1 warmth
  1 weird
  1 discomfort
  1 bust
  1 tickles
  1 bot
  1 tiny
  1 decade
  1 level
  1 scenes
  1 shoulder
  1 breasty
  1 young-looking
  1 nutrition
  1 knees
  1 dragging
  1 decide
  1 they've
  1 rebuilt
  1 spackling
  1 greenery
  1 shy
  1 impinges
  1 depressing
  1 leaned
  1 tosses
  1 supercluster's
  1 stub
  1 meant
  1 killer
  1 handmade
  1 overlaps
  1 drowning
  1 straight
  1 abandoned
  1 skirt
  1 early
  1 empty
  1 baiting
  1 nipple
  1 cluster
  1 cropping
  1 audience's
  1 hurry
  1 road
  1 rough
  1 dust
  1 slicing
  1 survival
  1 skid
  1 supplement
  1 hint
  1 figure
  1 shouts
  1 swinging
  1 true
  1 makeup
  1 wadded
  1 openness
  1 exists
  1 doubting
  1 biologist
  1 walls
  1 hid
  1 may
  1 keying
  1 progeny
  1 otherwise
  1 bedside
  1 amazes
  1 nurses
  1 pleasure
  1 radiate
  1 terminal
  1 cascades
  1 glances
  1 accept
  1 fruit
  1 communities
  1 parasailing
  1 ah
  1 yes
  1 blocks
  1 n22
  1 lighting
  1 nicer
  1 these're
  1 further
  1 besieged
  1 walk
  1 soar
  1 knock
  1 washes
  1 fragments
  1 spy
  1 she-wolf
  1 crane
  1 applauds
  1 rejoo's
  1 daringly
  1 population
  1 waited
  1 gross
  1 step
  1 cellulite
  1 event
  1 skipped
  1 spill
  1 gauche
  1 nurse
  1 machine
  1 humidity
  1 centuries
  1 breaking
  1 creatures
  1 gamblers
  1 lettuce
  1 ninety
  1 booster
  1 wilt
  1 squeezes
  1 pea
  1 trap
  1 animals
  1 phrasing
  1 trim
  1 scrape
  1 junkies
  1 coat
  1 jerk
  1 fiddling
  1 visible
  1 mommy's
  1 fancy
  1 game
  1 gears
  1 pay
  1 brows
  1 damp
  1 nosecaps
  1 collect
  1 crumble
  1 tension
  1 hidey-hole
  1 glow
  1 cower
  1 appearing
  1 skinny
  1 fear
  1 enfolded
  1 blooms
  1 wombs
  1 cut
  1 low
  1 asks
  1 worrying
  1 easy
  1 lizard
  1 rise
  1 windshield
  1 comics
  1 smarter
  1 headlights
  1 sacrifice
  1 beating
  1 minute
  1 claimed
  1 packed
  1 peers
  1 meaning
  1 rolling
  1 tempo
  1 audacity
  1 cleanups
  1 wings
  1 weirder
  1 pause
  1 surrounded
  1 overwhelmed
  1 glowing
  1 patio
  1 cursed
  1 hustle
  1 resettle
  1 window
  1 compulsion
  1 illuminating
  1 adrenaline
  1 expired
  1 seawalls
  1 sealing
  1 scattered
  1 script
  1 ancient
  1 overgrown
  1 present
  1 forth
  1 decades
  1 talent
  1 headed
  1 north
  1 iv
  1 peace
  1 chamber
  1 dives
  1 jumbled
  1 topless
  1 prettily
  1 round
  1 cupped
  1 hollowform
  1 hesitant
  1 envelopes
  1 ads
  1 human
  1 bin
  1 classical
  1 spark
  1 builders
  1 breeders
  1 supposed
  1 sprint
  1 elixir
  1 shops
  1 podium
  1 self-clean
  1 enjoy
  1 huddles
  1 teeth
  1 accustomed
  1 tan
  1 tomato
  1 flies
  1 additive
  1 complex
  1 noticed
  1 angry
  1 century
  1 five
  1 cry
  1 jute-woven
  1 apparent
  1 grasshoppers
  1 wafts
  1 turned
  1 caffeine
  1 cheering
  1 suburb
  1 hazmat
  1 apart
  1 appointed
  1 nobody's
  1 rouged
  1 corners
  1 disciplining
  1 sells
  1 imaginative
  1 workhorse
  1 speeding
  1 shirt
  1 mud
  1 blank
  1 thrum
  1 critter
  1 liar
  1 boxes
  1 gotten
  1 pushing
  1 opens
  1 throat
  1 generic
  1 penthouse
  1 continue
  1 banish
  1 shooting
  1 lines
  1 short
  1 safeties
  1 filling
  1 despite
  1 firmly
  1 electronically
  1 seventy
  1 mahogany
  1 instant
  1 snaps
  1 spatter
  1 tag-teamer
  1 minutes
  1 wreckage
  1 spunk
  1 sleeping
  1 confidence
  1 stegosauruses
  1 resonate
  1 pentle's
  1 concerto
  1 michael
  1 charge
  1 medicaid
  1 sides
  1 rises
  1 droopy
  1 typical
  1 jumps
  1 achingly
  1 drip
  1 starting
  1 clouds
  1 ice
  1 tundra
  1 congratulating
  1 urging
  1 murmurs
  1 huh
  1 works
  1 unhooked
  1 ponytail
  1 ravens
  1 hang
  1 scampering
  1 belly
  1 breezes
  1 sadly
  1 listen
  1 manages
  1 magic
  1 swore
  1 perform
  1 brain
  1 rail
  1 actress
  1 illoni's
  1 touching
  1 hips
  1 shake
  1 steaming
  1 range
  1 underground
  1 jamming
  1 puffy
  1 particularly
  1 party
  1 stay
  1 ghosts
  1 demands
  1 standard
  1 search
  1 it'll
  1 hustles
  1 lay
  1 above
  1 smokestacks
  1 restart
  1 breakwaters
  1 brightens
  1 thin
  1 magline's
  1 coughs
  1 freak
  1 totally
  1 lunges

689.

Pump Six - Paolo Bacigalupi : z non-fiction - z concordance - 3.0 

Pump Six

  688 the
  489 i
  455 and
  323 to
  277 a
  243 of
  235 it
  187 she
  174 you
  170 was
  167 in
  154 me
  144 t
  139 that
  133 her
  117 s
  115 my
  112 at
  106 all
  106 on
  96 out
  93 up
  92 with
  86 for
  83 but
  74 down
  74 we
  73 had
  71 they
  70 them
  70 like
  68 just
  67 were
  64 he
  53 back
  53 got
  52 about
  52 as
  48 one
  48 when
  46 if
  46 not
  44 get
  44 have
  43 or
  42 there
  41 then
  40 d
  40 maggie
  39 what
  39 chee
  39 again
  39 around
  38 over
  37 going
  36 off
  36 looked
  35 can
  35 no
  35 so
  35 re
  35 how
  34 from
  34 into
  34 through
  33 even
  33 started
  32 still
  32 their
  31 old
  31 be
  31 his
  30 don
  30 didn
  30 head
  29 went
  29 m
  29 big
  28 could
  28 go
  28 way
  28 some
  26 said
  26 know
  26 been
  25 who
  25 kept
  25 this
  25 now
  25 time
  24 people
  24 here
  24 do
  23 away
  22 pump
  21 right
  21 effy
  21 eyes
  21 than
  21 more
  21 where
  21 trogs
  21 suze
  21 trying
  20 pumps
  20 is
  20 before
  19 took
  19 your
  19 good
  19 come
  19 us
  18 really
  18 after
  18 came
  18 work
  18 six
  18 because
  17 little
  17 an
  17 hands
  17 him
  17 ve
  17 thing
  16 shrugged
  16 things
  16 bar
  16 open
  16 damn
  16 water
  16 did
  16 any
  16 wasn
  16 windows
  16 found
  16 while
  15 by
  15 something
  15 couple
  15 are
  15 eggs
  15 pulled
  15 dust
  14 control
  14 never
  14 someone
  14 whole
  14 kids
  14 another
  14 tried
  13 keep
  13 running
  13 gave
  13 let
  13 part
  13 tonic
  13 max
  13 make
  13 other
  13 used
  13 hard
  13 too
  13 coming
  13 take
  13 finally
  13 see
  13 years
  13 room
  12 ran
  12 think
  12 want
  12 say
  12 maybe
  12 couldn
  12 long
  12 sure
  12 look
  12 skin
  12 last
  12 thought
  12 why
  12 manual
  12 made
  12 these
  12 floor
  12 help
  11 everything
  11 working
  11 would
  11 those
  11 getting
  11 waved
  11 face
  11 sorry
  11 engineering
  11 pretty
  11 find
  11 day
  11 turned
  10 anymore
  10 hell
  10 trog
  10 nothing
  10 need
  10 concrete
  10 morning
  10 watching
  10 under
  10 three
  10 always
  10 nora
  10 shook
  10 remember
  10 stove
  10 night
  10 looking
  10 until
  9 city
  9 maintenance
  9 yellow
  9 bacon
  9 doing
  9 bad
  9 wicky
  9 fix
  9 swimming
  9 our
  9 only
  9 stopped
  9 against
  9 must
  9 hand
  9 first
  8 humping
  8 ll
  8 doors
  8 black
  8 stuff
  8 gas
  8 oh
  8 every
  8 wrong
  8 thinking
  8 two
  8 full
  8 rain
  8 sewage
  8 making
  8 summer
  8 manuals
  8 hit
  8 kitchen
  8 air
  8 instead
  8 across
  8 guess
  8 closed
  8 anything
  7 fight
  7 better
  7 riot
  7 job
  7 red
  7 lady
  7 fire
  7 clean
  7 isn
  7 own
  7 mercati
  7 end
  7 smiled
  7 rest
  7 data
  7 second
  7 kind
  7 each
  7 start
  7 voice
  7 half
  7 problem
  7 stairs
  7 hey
  7 pressuredynes
  7 sat
  7 least
  7 almost
  7 inside
  7 though
  7 except
  7 hero
  7 glad
  7 myself
  7 leaned
  7 laughed
  7 called
  7 having
  7 books
  7 read
  7 club
  7 bottle
  7 completely
  7 grabbed
  7 starting
  7 mean
  7 saw
  6 dropped
  6 lots
  6 everyone
  6 gone
  6 smiling
  6 waiting
  6 building
  6 girl
  6 pants
  6 anyway
  6 bottom
  6 call
  6 hair
  6 yanked
  6 sweatshine
  6 picked
  6 stared
  6 shit
  6 pistol
  6 its
  6 built
  6 department
  6 feel
  6 quad
  6 herself
  6 telling
  6 needed
  6 most
  6 wall
  6 will
  6 much
  6 left
  6 park
  6 paper
  6 next
  6 ass
  6 else
  6 between
  6 put
  6 won
  6 glanced
  6 watched
  6 ready
  6 broken
  6 well
  6 walking
  6 yeah
  6 guy
  6 figure
  6 makes
  6 reading
  6 supposed
  6 hadn
  6 has
  6 tell
  6 street
  6 library
  5 ended
  5 front
  5 flashers
  5 p
  5 green
  5 set
  5 shut
  5 wondered
  5 fingers
  5 streets
  5 drink
  5 darkness
  5 packet
  5 shoved
  5 whatever
  5 many
  5 coffee
  5 talking
  5 college
  5 damaged
  5 silver
  5 together
  5 wandering
  5 harder
  5 opened
  5 without
  5 might
  5 nightie
  5 console
  5 onto
  5 new
  5 wouldn
  5 beat
  5 stop
  5 light
  5 students
  5 bouncing
  5 stuck
  5 broke
  5 piles
  5 bagel
  5 since
  5 toilet
  5 inhaler
  5 sucked
  5 crazy
  5 covered
  5 none
  5 done
  5 baby
  5 best
  5 point
  5 kettle
  5 school
  5 try
  5 once
  5 amber
  5 enough
  5 doesn
  5 replace
  5 stick
  5 grinned
  5 high
  4 pressuredyne
  4 knew
  4 worked
  4 picking
  4 giving
  4 matter
  4 top
  4 bunch
  4 few
  4 told
  4 diagnostics
  4 should
  4 lucky
  4 drums
  4 saying
  4 yourself
  4 deal
  4 table
  4 niftyfreeze
  4 real
  4 both
  4 shelves
  4 behind
  4 higher
  4 smell
  4 late
  4 talk
  4 directions
  4 blue
  4 somewhere
  4 buy
  4 god
  4 cheek
  4 dark
  4 explain
  4 arm
  4 wow
  4 smog
  4 complaining
  4 lighter
  4 thick
  4 smart
  4 home
  4 sidewalk
  4 great
  4 earbug
  4 shadows
  4 finger
  4 dumb
  4 actually
  4 close
  4 anyone
  4 rooms
  4 jumped
  4 breakfast
  4 hello
  4 zoo
  4 seen
  4 nice
  4 bright
  4 died
  4 worry
  4 middle
  4 boss
  4 spot
  4 ones
  4 glass
  4 troubleshooting
  4 book
  4 barely
  4 hundred
  4 taking
  4 single
  4 scratching
  4 ever
  4 gun
  4 scheduled
  4 lost
  4 okay
  4 wanted
  4 worse
  4 office
  4 idea
  4 emergency
  4 empty
  4 oven
  4 give
  4 steps
  4 bubbles
  4 trogwad
  4 held
  4 clear
  4 aren
  4 headed
  4 five
  4 showed
  4 skillet
  4 list
  4 reason
  4 suddenly
  4 pages
  4 schematics
  4 side
  4 guys
  4 door
  4 pan
  4 lot
  4 along
  4 wrappers
  4 kiss
  4 logs
  4 play
  3 broadway
  3 studied
  3 super
  3 lights
  3 toilets
  3 ear
  3 figured
  3 stink
  3 river
  3 fine
  3 panel
  3 surprise
  3 watch
  3 climbing
  3 pile
  3 holding
  3 sweaty
  3 line
  3 wonder
  3 does
  3 eyeballs
  3 sleep
  3 tears
  3 consoles
  3 huge
  3 car
  3 below
  3 hairy
  3 bottles
  3 steel
  3 sick
  3 climbed
  3 caught
  3 grass
  3 leak
  3 dinosaurs
  3 saved
  3 restock
  3 subway
  3 sitting
  3 pushed
  3 care
  3 crap
  3 sky
  3 heat
  3 fast
  3 slow
  3 observation
  3 nervous
  3 dead
  3 bald
  3 touched
  3 understand
  3 past
  3 random
  3 run
  3 reboot
  3 please
  3 goes
  3 buildings
  3 belt
  3 bed
  3 neck
  3 puffed
  3 beautiful
  3 fishy
  3 chair
  3 packets
  3 chest
  3 difference
  3 lock
  3 thanks
  3 lying
  3 piss
  3 finished
  3 gin
  3 forward
  3 blown
  3 scowling
  3 year
  3 ceiling
  3 information
  3 stayed
  3 tore
  3 dry
  3 warm
  3 meet
  3 columbia
  3 dance
  3 sun
  3 decided
  3 raw
  3 same
  3 everywhere
  3 engine
  3 missing
  3 mind
  3 kidding
  3 alley
  3 uptown
  3 frying
  3 funny
  3 motioned
  3 dunno
  3 university
  3 machines
  3 alive
  3 write
  3 wu
  3 sucker
  3 weird
  3 haven
  3 says
  3 asked
  3 dragging
  3 meant
  3 straight
  3 throwing
  3 being
  3 hits
  3 looks
  3 man
  3 alvarez
  3 smiley
  3 change
  3 error
  3 zits
  3 shaking
  3 monkey
  3 reaching
  3 staring
  3 tubes
  3 ask
  3 chugging
  3 standing
  3 rolling
  3 favors
  3 glowing
  3 flipped
  3 brekkie
  3 heavy
  3 either
  3 walked
  3 complex
  3 noticed
  3 nine
  3 secretary
  3 gotten
  3 lines
  3 use
  3 charge
  3 switches
  3 valve
  3 brown
  3 touching
  3 puffy
  3 moved
  3 stay
  3 counter
  3 times
  3 lantern
  3 place
  3 forget
  2 stumbling
  2 gray
  2 twenty
  2 access
  2 wait
  2 seeing
  2 bit
  2 guts
  2 check
  2 magazine
  2 market
  2 rate
  2 hotpack
  2 sludge
  2 failed
  2 asking
  2 fish
  2 danced
  2 serious
  2 trailed
  2 men
  2 already
  2 forgiveness
  2 pouring
  2 stroked
  2 reporting
  2 hated
  2 stairwell
  2 sidled
  2 vast
  2 text
  2 giant
  2 outside
  2 dragged
  2 autovendors
  2 moth-eaten
  2 knowing
  2 wiped
  2 business
  2 eventually
  2 jumble
  2 primed
  2 drinking
  2 apologize
  2 kusovic
  2 forgetting
  2 dumps
  2 downstairs
  2 trav
  2 spun
  2 candles
  2 kick
  2 boy
  2 mostly
  2 hours
  2 nuns
  2 goddamn
  2 deeper
  2 hot
  2 warned
  2 runny
  2 whispered
  2 miku
  2 levers
  2 burners
  2 husband
  2 wiping
  2 exist
  2 gets
  2 pressed
  2 dog
  2 bathroom
  2 comes
  2 spree
  2 paused
  2 pack
  2 listening
  2 mayor
  2 rolled
  2 plastic
  2 luck
  2 release
  2 panting
  2 database
  2 romping
  2 kicking
  2 dimness
  2 main
  2 shoot
  2 yesterday
  2 drive
  2 silent
  2 fixit
  2 tangled
  2 leds
  2 surprised
  2 system
  2 month
  2 lips
  2 turning
  2 act
  2 model
  2 reprimed
  2 quads
  2 miscarriages
  2 stainless
  2 sequences
  2 pressing
  2 ripped
  2 beside
  2 errors
  2 case
  2 stupider
  2 licking
  2 mouth
  2 places
  2 rohit
  2 ago
  2 alone
  2 snuffling
  2 questions
  2 tunnels
  2 rhythm
  2 tickle
  2 beyond
  2 vitality
  2 pumping
  2 dirty
  2 sausage
  2 chunk
  2 wandered
  2 months
  2 later
  2 turn
  2 cellophane
  2 bug
  2 kicked
  2 answer
  2 corset
  2 signs
  2 towers
  2 decent
  2 forgotten
  2 sense
  2 ocean
  2 dropping
  2 treatment
  2 sending
  2 remembering
  2 bones
  2 shove
  2 chose
  2 leaves
  2 following
  2 forgot
  2 eyeball
  2 treat
  2 tabloids
  2 breathing
  2 blouse
  2 interested
  2 wondering
  2 pus
  2 love
  2 wave
  2 comfort
  2 stories
  2 downtown
  2 flasher
  2 sugar
  2 rattled
  2 feeling
  2 nose
  2 breasts
  2 wide
  2 stovetop
  2 count
  2 rubbed
  2 attention
  2 rolls
  2 leaning
  2 changed
  2 pieces
  2 money
  2 keys
  2 giggled
  2 doubt
  2 rats
  2 hardly
  2 sprawled
  2 hoping
  2 considered
  2 monkeys
  2 dammit
  2 rust
  2 winking
  2 thousand
  2 direction
  2 winter
  2 doctor
  2 shifted
  2 very
  2 gates
  2 indexes
  2 cavern
  2 sometimes
  2 sweat
  2 exactly
  2 overhead
  2 shrug
  2 stuffed
  2 seven
  2 rash
  2 blanket
  2 hunting
  2 cleared
  2 probably
  2 rode
  2 heard
  2 flat
  2 annoyed
  2 cars
  2 deep
  2 clubs
  2 tucked
  2 aisles
  2 skull
  2 flows
  2 bottled
  2 replacement
  2 handstands
  2 ya
  2 bits
  2 toward
  2 nails
  2 waste
  2 twelve
  2 felt
  2 factory
  2 scary
  2 palm
  2 flying
  2 passing
  2 hour
  2 hanging
  2 dim
  2 asthma
  2 crawl
  2 fault
  2 liked
  2 pissed
  2 film
  2 handed
  2 liquor
  2 hitting
  2 given
  2 friends
  2 rashes
  2 space
  2 librarian
  2 parts
  2 trash
  2 somebody
  2 positive
  2 dinner
  2 filtered
  2 urge
  2 drinks
  2 bawling
  2 pregnant
  2 am
  2 public
  2 crotch
  2 problems
  2 break
  2 magazines
  2 computers
  2 body
  2 optimistic
  2 able
  2 faces
  2 sale
  2 chemicals
  2 ash
  2 quit
  2 triggers
  2 himself
  2 lakes
  2 algebra
  2 hung
  2 completed
  2 sticker
  2 lu
  2 crash
  2 loved
  2 sucking
  2 rubbing
  2 echoed
  2 fluorescents
  2 chemistry
  2 pale
  2 sharp
  2 shoulder
  2 stood
  2 scalp
  2 knees
  2 decide
  2 wife
  2 corner
  2 world
  2 early
  2 bite
  2 limp
  2 dumber
  2 remote
  2 different
  2 believe
  2 moving
  2 blocks
  2 crying
  2 lighting
  2 nicer
  2 knock
  2 burrito
  2 step
  2 mesh
  2 neglect
  2 breaking
  2 forehead
  2 which
  2 far
  2 cancer
  2 pull
  2 briefly
  2 pipes
  2 mess
  2 pay
  2 diagrams
  2 tuffscuff
  2 brightest
  2 shot
  2 c
  2 slammed
  2 sack
  2 plant
  2 nearly
  2 easy
  2 basically
  2 torn
  2 join
  2 dinosaur
  2 piled
  2 fell
  2 wrapper
  2 killed
  2 nun
  2 falling
  2 talent
  2 fun
  2 computer
  2 ate
  2 christ
  2 cabinets
  2 midnight
  2 tossed
  2 quiet
  2 13-44474-888
  2 phone
  2 thrummed
  2 gag-gas
  2 buddy
  2 seem
  2 apart
  2 falls
  2 size
  2 domain
  2 days
  2 fired
  2 keeps
  2 critter
  2 rid
  2 words
  2 sniffed
  2 week
  2 hudson
  2 learn
  2 fumbled
  2 gleaming
  2 loyal
  2 bubbly
  2 flicking
  2 slapped
  2 spots
  2 tongues
  2 brought
  2 belly
  2 condom
  2 underground
  2 weren
  2 sudden
  2 apartment
  2 gabe
  2 lay
  2 skittered
  2 above
  2 restart
  2 requests
  2 noise
  1 cruel
  1 migrate
  1 taken
  1 cross-referenced
  1 yelled
  1 load
  1 perkies
  1 obviously
  1 repairman
  1 eyeful
  1 lounging
  1 rags
  1 travis
  1 elevator
  1 shown
  1 tied
  1 flapping
  1 doorways
  1 fuck
  1 bisphenyl-a
  1 seams
  1 compulsive
  1 seal
  1 dancing
  1 molesting
  1 curves
  1 wild
  1 pans
  1 cracked
  1 choked
  1 longest
  1 giggle
  1 elbows
  1 breast
  1 dates
  1 oozing
  1 subsonic
  1 superstar
  1 knight
  1 half-hour
  1 plasticized
  1 smells
  1 authority
  1 favorite
  1 bolts
  1 trigger
  1 interesting
  1 cool
  1 flesh
  1 crowding
  1 flounder
  1 sheets
  1 dodging
  1 keeping
  1 squash-faced
  1 donuts
  1 nutritional
  1 vomit
  1 tables
  1 faced
  1 stifled
  1 stomped
  1 trouble
  1 treated
  1 source
  1 nutjob
  1 squatted
  1 sweating
  1 directly
  1 amount
  1 tornado
  1 excuse
  1 owes
  1 binder
  1 police
  1 truck
  1 show
  1 win
  1 york
  1 occasionally
  1 blowing
  1 wash
  1 rumble
  1 pissed-off
  1 immediately
  1 quieter
  1 limped
  1 puzzle
  1 clanking
  1 handling
  1 liquid
  1 skateboards
  1 products
  1 hunted
  1 taught
  1 em
  1 boot
  1 pork
  1 answered
  1 download
  1 marbled
  1 breeding
  1 drives
  1 cracks
  1 multi-platform
  1 ghost
  1 aisle
  1 dripped
  1 grounds
  1 square
  1 tightly
  1 reproductive
  1 shimmersilk
  1 neglecting
  1 evening
  1 librarians
  1 word
  1 carts
  1 stare
  1 person
  1 disposal
  1 soda
  1 specializing
  1 seductive
  1 pearl
  1 happy
  1 foil
  1 slicked
  1 extender
  1 slide
  1 sipped
  1 kissed
  1 mossy
  1 meantime
  1 ooze
  1 knee
  1 whenever
  1 digital
  1 say-so
  1 stunned
  1 sonofabitch
  1 ankles
  1 spat
  1 bearing
  1 web
  1 dissolved
  1 pointing
  1 rich-kid
  1 hawked
  1 met
  1 white
  1 expression
  1 organic
  1 skins
  1 missed
  1 narrowed
  1 232-2
  1 mash-faced
  1 center
  1 gel
  1 rowdy
  1 sight
  1 pleasant-natured
  1 brisk
  1 cabinet
  1 gouged
  1 perfect
  1 indicated
  1 sharpie
  1 threw
  1 period
  1 clustered
  1 calming
  1 mummy
  1 deliveries
  1 dame
  1 plants
  1 stealing
  1 couch
  1 zipper
  1 squinted
  1 teachers
  1 plopped
  1 nasty
  1 downed
  1 wet
  1 signals
  1 apologetic
  1 tenure
  1 systems
  1 brewer
  1 wallowing
  1 practically
  1 dully
  1 twenty-five
  1 gurney
  1 sticking
  1 excitement
  1 mine
  1 support
  1 wrapped
  1 creeped
  1 squealing
  1 trucks
  1 snotty
  1 ben
  1 puffs
  1 unless
  1 tumbled
  1 itself
  1 sorted
  1 happens
  1 39-23-9834959-5
  1 dumped
  1 prude
  1 folks
  1 estate
  1 partiers
  1 biphenyls
  1 cocked
  1 route
  1 chased
  1 hate
  1 planning
  1 enjoying
  1 wasting
  1 academic
  1 dodge
  1 witchy
  1 lice
  1 stairwells
  1 bows
  1 belong
  1 layers
  1 nobel
  1 compulsively
  1 waving
  1 plain
  1 shut-off
  1 undone
  1 volume
  1 raining
  1 petition
  1 brownouts
  1 lemon
  1 whined
  1 admitting
  1 corrections
  1 printed
  1 save
  1 shoves
  1 pendant
  1 suits
  1 warnings
  1 yolk
  1 head-picking
  1 freeze-thaw
  1 striptease
  1 hope
  1 thump
  1 die
  1 zoned
  1 twenty-million-odd
  1 dimly
  1 blinked
  1 ambiance
  1 forty
  1 singing
  1 designed
  1 shared
  1 hides
  1 biggest
  1 half-empty
  1 muted
  1 chandeliers
  1 thursday
  1 four
  1 moss
  1 connection
  1 emptied
  1 egg-slurping
  1 ungodly
  1 whirling
  1 dawn
  1 whispering
  1 distendedly
  1 fork
  1 ingredients
  1 lip
  1 swipes
  1 experience
  1 individual
  1 entire
  1 slobbering
  1 limper
  1 amongst
  1 topic
  1 chained
  1 arranged
  1 simple
  1 perched
  1 cycle
  1 furniture
  1 showing
  1 gynoloft
  1 feet
  1 filter
  1 bag
  1 melted
  1 mercury
  1 dumping
  1 smoking
  1 girly-faced
  1 dream
  1 handtruck
  1 expected
  1 winding
  1 cackled
  1 hunched
  1 gibbered
  1 unraveled
  1 rib
  1 spends
  1 interior
  1 cast-iron
  1 flaps
  1 advice
  1 105
  1 handtrucks
  1 roots
  1 jealous
  1 crumbling
  1 red-eyed
  1 cage
  1 shine
  1 woke
  1 opening
  1 popped
  1 alphabet
  1 oriental
  1 autumn
  1 fat
  1 marble
  1 tested
  1 murmured
  1 vulture
  1 underwater
  1 moment
  1 sunshine
  1 piecing
  1 wearing
  1 vats
  1 battery
  1 proprietary
  1 loomed
  1 plastics
  1 throw
  1 stolen
  1 breezy
  1 widening
  1 spanned
  1 isolated
  1 bypassed
  1 wide-eyed
  1 electricity
  1 streamers
  1 canisters
  1 neighbors
  1 lifted
  1 calling
  1 keyed
  1 understanding
  1 remaining
  1 seized
  1 beginning
  1 focused
  1 quick
  1 sincere
  1 study
  1 puzzled
  1 survive
  1 massaging
  1 tangle
  1 bearable
  1 flame
  1 climate
  1 shopping
  1 climb
  1 sectioned
  1 squalling
  1 switch
  1 effectively
  1 sailed
  1 lolling
  1 backings
  1 primal
  1 sensors
  1 crack
  1 self-purging
  1 messing
  1 modules
  1 prove
  1 caliber
  1 gunk
  1 bodies
  1 ranked
  1 log
  1 qualities
  1 girls
  1 hermaphroditic
  1 brandished
  1 splashed
  1 sparkling
  1 shivering
  1 carrels
  1 format
  1 guessed
  1 normal
  1 cold
  1 brick
  1 hamsters
  1 hazy
  1 circles
  1 closet
  1 guarantees
  1 wise
  1 mysterious
  1 810-9
  1 handful
  1 bonfire
  1 regulator
  1 stuttery
  1 off-line
  1 advised
  1 operation
  1 station
  1 mildew
  1 online
  1 pentagonal
  1 buckets
  1 metal
  1 poked
  1 poured
  1 substation
  1 iron
  1 seat
  1 passed
  1 happened
  1 shame
  1 plop
  1 conversation
  1 patterned
  1 raising
  1 reservoir
  1 features
  1 letting
  1 gutters
  1 communicate
  1 gathering
  1 222-4-1
  1 inches
  1 move
  1 throbs
  1 biting
  1 mouths
  1 thawed
  1 dusty
  1 bartender
  1 layer
  1 hiring
  1 sleepily
  1 overly
  1 glistening
  1 paperwork
  1 collection
  1 frame
  1 crouched
  1 compression
  1 notice
  1 quitting
  1 minded
  1 motion
  1 yep
  1 salute
  1 interconnecting
  1 strap
  1 cycles
  1 scrapes
  1 japanese
  1 managers
  1 ambition
  1 urine
  1 groaning
  1 soon
  1 paying
  1 wipe
  1 licker
  1 worries
  1 theory
  1 thaw
  1 separated
  1 types
  1 dextro-forma-albuterolhyde
  1 spine
  1 hunt
  1 force
  1 strips
  1 hardcopy
  1 breeze
  1 7777-302
  1 thumped
  1 unlocked
  1 pregnancy
  1 grunting
  1 burned
  1 history
  1 fit
  1 letter
  1 seems
  1 gutter
  1 half-naked
  1 living
  1 technology
  1 follow
  1 piece
  1 sticky
  1 neat
  1 stops
  1 attracted
  1 prize
  1 parent
  1 definitely
  1 ignored
  1 shoving
  1 after-bar
  1 nyse
  1 hum
  1 whistled
  1 gleamed
  1 wavered
  1 blossoms
  1 riddled
  1 patchy
  1 replacements
  1 america
  1 tray
  1 stumbled
  1 employment
  1 lime
  1 growing
  1 parthenon
  1 screwing
  1 snarly
  1 heaven
  1 victims
  1 variables
  1 plans
  1 underneath
  1 thoughtfully
  1 stands
  1 backup
  1 hi-capacity
  1 chew
  1 bowels
  1 child
  1 generous
  1 pinching
  1 trooped
  1 sell
  1 stumps
  1 grind
  1 thoughtful
  1 ways
  1 whether
  1 reference
  1 banged
  1 stickers
  1 yolky
  1 complaint
  1 succulent
  1 stubborn
  1 silence
  1 bras
  1 forlorn
  1 teased
  1 cardboard
  1 grit
  1 exposing
  1 backed
  1 pencil
  1 ending
  1 belligerent
  1 racks
  1 jeez
  1 orangey
  1 electric
  1 helium
  1 quietest
  1 stores
  1 g-and-t
  1 worksheets
  1 leverage
  1 generally
  1 busted
  1 stock
  1 reality
  1 smile
  1 chains
  1 stairway
  1 bucks
  1 sits
  1 open-air
  1 choking
  1 smarty
  1 pleasant
  1 suck
  1 flickery
  1 awful
  1 air-con
  1 customer
  1 herded
  1 hidden
  1 eight
  1 floors
  1 hiss
  1 grow
  1 pillars
  1 passes
  1 shots
  1 nuts
  1 muscle
  1 positions
  1 ten
  1 leering
  1 module
  1 half-torn
  1 kid
  1 unstrung
  1 spoons
  1 rabid
  1 outlined
  1 glimmering
  1 cringed
  1 drummed
  1 net
  1 amazing
  1 sweet
  1 hormones
  1 armored
  1 010303-0
  1 shambling
  1 muscles
  1 fuzzy
  1 creams
  1 threatening
  1 worst
  1 promo
  1 shouldn
  1 stew
  1 leadership
  1 someplace
  1 080
  1 wallscreens
  1 delivered
  1 trees
  1 insistent
  1 possession
  1 nights
  1 ducked
  1 tonight
  1 locker
  1 title
  1 happen
  1 pcbs
  1 abandonment
  1 wind
  1 cover
  1 ugly
  1 command
  1 warning
  1 warily
  1 37-37-375-77
  1 warmer
  1 joints
  1 teacher
  1 sample
  1 knows
  1 cats
  1 moon
  1 believer
  1 acrid
  1 blinking
  1 mechanics
  1 means
  1 garbage
  1 thumbing
  1 slouched
  1 coughed
  1 patches
  1 sniffing
  1 nutrients
  1 equations
  1 confused
  1 bubbled-out
  1 numbers
  1 bulbs
  1 oooowwww
  1 firing
  1 fishdog
  1 piping
  1 miniature
  1 groaned
  1 convergence
  1 worming
  1 sidewalks
  1 bringing
  1 dependent
  1 suppress
  1 master
  1 hungover
  1 west
  1 curtains
  1 torched
  1 campus
  1 grandpa
  1 retired
  1 folds
  1 slick
  1 owed
  1 storage
  1 pipe
  1 roll
  1 down-time
  1 john
  1 swim
  1 ring
  1 plenty
  1 slime
  1 tired
  1 mountain
  1 mewling
  1 connectivity
  1 connected
  1 overlays
  1 connecticut
  1 blood
  1 litter
  1 vendor
  1 facilities
  1 chairs
  1 fainter
  1 file
  1 gasped
  1 formula
  1 roaming
  1 ticks
  1 fossils
  1 offices
  1 tall
  1 fixed
  1 frames
  1 unfortunately
  1 backlog
  1 tips
  1 swallows
  1 food
  1 often
  1 remembered
  1 authoritatively
  1 distracted
  1 steroids
  1 labyrinth
  1 9-0-2
  1 duty
  1 displacement
  1 push
  1 revival
  1 asleep
  1 beamed
  1 fluorescent
  1 free
  1 crowd
  1 cheeks
  1 waterworks
  1 burning
  1 tracks
  1 loose
  1 others
  1 shimmering
  1 dangled
  1 sent
  1 litters
  1 displayed
  1 schedule
  1 eat
  1 born
  1 somehow
  1 shouting
  1 mist
  1 alarm
  1 concert
  1 raised
  1 chugged
  1 halfway
  1 ticked
  1 improvement
  1 wake
  1 loom
  1 bankrupt
  1 ds
  1 throws
  1 instructions
  1 yet
  1 smelled
  1 hike
  1 indicators
  1 towered
  1 arched
  1 946
  1 habit
  1 shower
  1 chain
  1 appreciating
  1 sludgy
  1 seeming
  1 flickered
  1 bowling
  1 forced
  1 scratch
  1 feed
  1 cheerful
  1 leaks
  1 truth
  1 territory
  1 boobs
  1 rooting
  1 stripped
  1 granddad
  1 lengths
  1 slid
  1 pms-ing
  1 bam
  1 scuttled
  1 yellowing
  1 wafted
  1 flipping
  1 settled
  1 breakfasts
  1 exhausted
  1 prehistoric
  1 secret
  1 boney
  1 drum
  1 jewels
  1 blooming
  1 swipe
  1 kill
  1 disappeared
  1 escape
  1 rugs
  1 scattering
  1 backing
  1 rounds
  1 commuters
  1 slapping
  1 egyptian
  1 centered
  1 circulation
  1 dimwit
  1 digits
  1 buzzing
  1 yelling
  1 unwary
  1 rustling
  1 draped
  1 saves
  1 ideas
  1 loyally
  1 sigh
  1 flap
  1 children
  1 horny
  1 course
  1 freeze
  1 doubling
  1 weapon
  1 twitching
  1 dangling
  1 herman
  1 seemed
  1 checking
  1 worried
  1 using
  1 package
  1 broker
  1 skyscraper
  1 alcoholics
  1 pocket
  1 stripping
  1 smudged
  1 gray-blue
  1 mantled
  1 squinty-eyed
  1 neighborhood
  1 faded
  1 muttered
  1 parents
  1 swung
  1 knocking
  1 normally
  1 swamp
  1 groom
  1 inspired
  1 upper
  1 flea
  1 chewing
  1 dogs
  1 paolo
  1 necks
  1 nobody
  1 view
  1 12-33939
  1 smother
  1 tone
  1 freedom
  1 sit
  1 noon
  1 grinning
  1 easier
  1 besides
  1 cared
  1 led
  1 222-5
  1 tearing
  1 wants
  1 cosmic
  1 exclusive
  1 flushed
  1 swollen-up
  1 beasts
  1 dissolving
  1 taxi
  1 mad
  1 stocked
  1 reload
  1 fill
  1 suckers
  1 smartest
  1 reports
  1 processing
  1 estrogen
  1 track
  1 sex
  1 acted
  1 wear
  1 fork-in-the-outlet
  1 rights
  1 heap
  1 polished
  1 tribal
  1 scraping
  1 tiny
  1 dollars
  1 outlet
  1 row
  1 brownout
  1 snuck
  1 ball
  1 alleys
  1 bank
  1 decade
  1 train
  1 49-4
  1 followed
  1 perfectly
  1 whip
  1 orangutan
  1 connectors
  1 faculty
  1 wasted
  1 peered
  1 ton
  1 freaks
  1 hieroglyphs
  1 flooding
  1 spring
  1 studded
  1 thirsty
  1 root-laced
  1 sadsack
  1 duck
  1 dodged
  1 triple
  1 screwed
  1 scrolling
  1 hospital
  1 slightly
  1 fig
  1 zit
  1 concentrate
  1 broad
  1 lugging
  1 delivery
  1 panties
  1 jogged
  1 incredulous
  1 synthesized
  1 leered
  1 maria
  1 receipt
  1 nightmare
  1 gibberish
  1 abcs
  1 jammed
  1 grime
  1 examined
  1 scared
  1 background
  1 sneak
  1 reached
  1 embarrassing
  1 swelter
  1 impatiently
  1 swallowed
  1 featherbed
  1 hiccup
  1 2020
  1 cubicles
  1 may
  1 keying
  1 5974-30
  1 redid
  1 padlock
  1 quickly
  1 melting
  1 owwwwww
  1 urinals
  1 otherwise
  1 installed
  1 rosettes
  1 trained
  1 hers
  1 mid
  1 serves
  1 host
  1 solid
  1 nibble
  1 bow-tie
  1 creepy
  1 tickling
  1 daylight
  1 snot
  1 scrambling
  1 pouch
  1 hesitated
  1 sign
  1 colony
  1 corridor
  1 kissy
  1 blanketed
  1 jesus
  1 moisture
  1 dispensing
  1 ought
  1 fished
  1 number
  1 flickering
  1 clicked
  1 glowed
  1 floating
  1 dispensers
  1 managed
  1 starts
  1 sold
  1 phlalates
  1 universal
  1 waited
  1 free-ride
  1 hermaphrodite
  1 gross
  1 wrecked
  1 hang-ups
  1 womb
  1 balloon
  1 brushed
  1 girlfriend
  1 downloaded
  1 heels
  1 clumps
  1 slowly
  1 machine
  1 humidity
  1 suspenders
  1 loan
  1 liver
  1 bulb
  1 sound
  1 frolicking
  1 sweater
  1 crouching
  1 lizzi
  1 000
  1 diagnostic
  1 bacigalupi
  1 clogs
  1 sewers
  1 schematic
  1 overdrive
  1 lungs
  1 visible
  1 cascade
  1 anger
  1 caring
  1 sort
  1 bagels
  1 spayed
  1 connections
  1 bigger
  1 strung
  1 crazily
  1 gripped
  1 write-up
  1 repeated
  1 throb
  1 glow
  1 dozen
  1 throbbed
  1 raked
  1 full-out
  1 skinny
  1 pink
  1 parkful
  1 wipes
  1 furious
  1 ignoring
  1 cut
  1 clattering
  1 low
  1 evidence
  1 aud
  1 dozed
  1 extension
  1 oatmeal
  1 prep-school
  1 burritos
  1 worrying
  1 realized
  1 crowds
  1 cash
  1 candleflicker
  1 smarter
  1 headlights
  1 backseat
  1 beating
  1 tits
  1 bother
  1 minute
  1 knives
  1 fluffy
  1 packed
  1 dove
  1 zit-pocked
  1 rejection
  1 shutting
  1 octopus
  1 generalized
  1 likes
  1 steroid
  1 nut
  1 priority
  1 circled
  1 plating
  1 turns
  1 surrounded
  1 rubble
  1 field
  1 kali-mary
  1 mama
  1 drooping
  1 socket
  1 uses
  1 highs
  1 such
  1 roman-
  1 shape
  1 wore
  1 degree
  1 window
  1 rows
  1 edge
  1 scattered
  1 ancient
  1 skyscrapers
  1 booting
  1 catch
  1 forth
  1 half-tucked
  1 sneezed
  1 waves
  1 interrupted
  1 dock
  1 copies
  1 weather
  1 winners
  1 draw
  1 fingering
  1 ads
  1 compass
  1 upstate
  1 polychlorinated
  1 einstein
  1 eyed
  1 hsu
  1 comparing
  1 exhaust
  1 stitched
  1 jealously
  1 teeth
  1 troughs
  1 century
  1 forgave
  1 dirt
  1 diabolo
  1 cry
  1 bitter
  1 concerns
  1 disentangled
  1 crud
  1 cathedral
  1 reaction
  1 disorders
  1 rustled
  1 upstream
  1 caffeine
  1 psychology
  1 scowled
  1 effervesces
  1 notebook
  1 dozens
  1 leave
  1 epileptic
  1 desk
  1 bustle
  1 home-made
  1 complain
  1 orgy
  1 flashbacks
  1 tunnel
  1 octopi
  1 shirt
  1 winked
  1 saliva
  1 sentence
  1 acting
  1 social
  1 liar
  1 boxes
  1 throat
  1 helped
  1 modern
  1 bailing
  1 short
  1 freezes
  1 freshman
  1 requires
  1 glinted
  1 filling
  1 despite
  1 melt
  1 rehydrating
  1 plastirene
  1 whitejacketed
  1 xylophones
  1 enlightenment
  1 minutes
  1 tube
  1 soaking
  1 buried
  1 dogging
  1 dealing
  1 rocking
  1 marooned
  1 437834-13
  1 pens
  1 crumbled
  1 safe
  1 burn
  1 columns
  1 clouds
  1 piston
  1 urging
  1 oldest
  1 pointed
  1 works
  1 huh
  1 heptachlor
  1 volumes
  1 86th
  1 binge
  1 kit
  1 heated
  1 listen
  1 bought
  1 fur
  1 post-liberation
  1 socks
  1 brain
  1 squirt
  1 partying
  1 booming
  1 hips
  1 greasier
  1 shake
  1 jacket
  1 drop
  1 retirement
  1 stupid
  1 jamming
  1 root
  1 silvery
  1 repair
  1 party
  1 prod
  1 betraying
  1 live
  1 fountain
  1 backs
  1 jumping
  1 panhandling
  1 perspective
  1 222-6
  1 frowned
  1 blankly
  1 squaring
  1 fought
  1 checked
  1 dummies
  1 placing
  1 well-designed
  1 lapping
  1 major
  1 primary
  1 noises
  1 403-74698
  1 lace
  1 franklin-style
  1 tugged
  1 totally

690.

Small Offerings - Paolo Bacigalupi : z non-fiction - z concordance - 3.0 

Small Offerings

  150 the
  96 and
  94 i
  60 my
  55 a
  52 her
  48 to
  46 it
  42 of
  36 me
  30 in
  28 on
  26 for
  25 she
  22 you
  21 he
  21 it's
  21 with
  21 at
  18 is
  18 his
  17 out
  15 i'm
  15 as
  14 dmitri
  14 have
  14 into
  14 maya
  13 face
  12 down
  12 don't
  12 from
  11 can
  11 let
  11 again
  11 baby
  11 but
  10 off
  10 its
  10 if
  10 him
  10 your
  10 another
  10 head
  9 what
  9 by
  9 all
  9 away
  9 our
  9 one
  9 body
  9 up
  9 not
  8 that
  8 natal
  8 we
  8 water
  8 like
  7 an
  7 just
  7 back
  7 this
  7 will
  7 against
  7 myself
  7 hits
  7 over
  7 has
  7 around
  6 lies
  6 even
  6 doing
  6 they
  6 honey
  6 who
  6 god
  6 eyes
  6 are
  6 you're
  6 do
  6 now
  6 see
  6 before
  5 nothing
  5 table
  5 girl
  5 wet
  5 purnate
  5 get
  5 contraction
  5 patient
  5 beside
  5 turn
  5 hands
  5 feel
  5 prenatal
  5 come
  5 next
  5 shower
  5 touch
  5 dmitri's
  5 staring
  4 keep
  4 already
  4 think
  4 or
  4 birth
  4 tiles
  4 open
  4 husband
  4 sheet
  4 never
  4 blue
  4 stand
  4 care
  4 little
  4 cold
  4 belt
  4 chemical
  4 than
  4 wave
  4 wall
  4 maya's
  4 orderlies
  4 birthing
  4 between
  4 dose
  4 i've
  4 pulls
  4 breathe
  4 sit
  4 alive
  4 so
  4 their
  4 hand
  4 too
  4 through
  4 can't
  4 smiles
  4 leave
  4 sifusoft
  4 lily
  3 going
  3 there
  3 vomit
  3 rate
  3 should
  3 pour
  3 drugs
  3 could
  3 trials
  3 boy
  3 black
  3 want
  3 oh
  3 hair
  3 cheek
  3 stirrups
  3 arrives
  3 under
  3 neck
  3 force
  3 data
  3 breathing
  3 heart
  3 legs
  3 new
  3 pituitary
  3 two
  3 start
  3 full
  3 be
  3 good
  3 felt
  3 steady
  3 thumb
  3 know
  3 kids
  3 medassist
  3 when
  3 looks
  3 justin
  3 small
  3 while
  3 take
  3 pain
  3 tell
  3 suddenly
  3 canister
  3 enough
  3 until
  3 us
  2 retching
  2 imagine
  2 lights
  2 cool
  2 flesh
  2 nature
  2 sweating
  2 breath
  2 implant
  2 foil
  2 curled
  2 yanks
  2 everything
  2 shut
  2 flick
  2 relax
  2 humanity
  2 would
  2 no
  2 let's
  2 ben
  2 go
  2 fingers
  2 bad
  2 hot
  2 right
  2 comes
  2 entire
  2 filter
  2 kicking
  2 spills
  2 flickers
  2 way
  2 dark
  2 biohazard
  2 affect
  2 bloody
  2 mouth
  2 slip
  2 mass
  2 wasn't
  2 dead
  2 together
  2 normal
  2 own
  2 please
  2 bed
  2 treatment
  2 reach
  2 spine
  2 fumble
  2 without
  2 el
  2 shove
  2 woman
  2 cells
  2 they're
  2 forgives
  2 blouse
  2 herself
  2 fall
  2 work
  2 child
  2 went
  2 was
  2 begins
  2 readouts
  2 half
  2 close
  2 sits
  2 squeegee
  2 hidden
  2 rustles
  2 nausea
  2 more
  2 subjects
  2 ceiling
  2 gagging
  2 stop
  2 hello
  2 skin
  2 part
  2 future
  2 knows
  2 only
  2 shrugs
  2 overdose
  2 screen
  2 then
  2 blood
  2 food
  2 vision
  2 almost
  2 nails
  2 make
  2 nude
  2 doubled
  2 crawl
  2 glass
  2 inside
  2 barely
  2 female
  2 stamped
  2 backing
  2 bra
  2 course
  2 always
  2 okay
  2 wants
  2 flushed
  2 ready
  2 wear
  2 yeah
  2 says
  2 duck
  2 air
  2 give
  2 press
  2 grabs
  2 lab
  2 touches
  2 remote
  2 couldn't
  2 test
  2 womb
  2 doesn't
  2 justin's
  2 standing
  2 low
  2 coming
  2 minute
  2 finally
  2 unit
  2 slacks
  2 gobbet
  2 catch
  2 these
  2 time
  2 ward
  2 either
  2 babies
  2 completely
  2 words
  2 curtain
  2 fda
  2 drawer
  2 door
  2 masks
  2 sin
  2 burn
  2 belly
  2 drop
  1 coal
  1 load
  1 lets
  1 medicine
  1 elevator
  1 twenty
  1 moans
  1 wait
  1 squinched
  1 adrenal
  1 upright
  1 surges
  1 oath
  1 absorbing
  1 grunts
  1 offerings
  1 neurotoxins
  1 laundry
  1 naked
  1 everyone
  1 cord
  1 matter
  1 curl
  1 won't
  1 ong's
  1 lift
  1 top
  1 sludge
  1 junkie
  1 really
  1 flings
  1 directly
  1 prayer
  1 lurches
  1 coats
  1 government
  1 umbilical
  1 thumping
  1 fresh
  1 gratitude
  1 spider
  1 rocks
  1 better
  1 fine
  1 reaches
  1 final
  1 hide
  1 smiling
  1 blush
  1 men's
  1 relaxes
  1 surprise
  1 resulting
  1 waiting
  1 aisle
  1 cares
  1 pouring
  1 poisoned
  1 square
  1 known
  1 stare
  1 holding
  1 drain
  1 driplines
  1 recognize
  1 disruptors
  1 sweaty
  1 yellow
  1 sobs
  1 moaning
  1 wonderful
  1 emotion
  1 seconds
  1 impossibly
  1 need
  1 blink
  1 earth
  1 white
  1 wonder
  1 fatty
  1 missed
  1 process
  1 gushing
  1 learning
  1 trumps
  1 research
  1 that's
  1 prodding
  1 sight
  1 religion
  1 sickly
  1 statistics
  1 pepper
  1 eventually
  1 old
  1 rendered
  1 lunge
  1 bore
  1 leans
  1 abruptly
  1 sow
  1 bizarre
  1 red
  1 kitty
  1 aggression
  1 grip
  1 apologetically
  1 rhythmic
  1 itself
  1 portion
  1 mimics
  1 kick
  1 apartment's
  1 hours
  1 clinicals
  1 coughing
  1 spasms
  1 wife's
  1 hate
  1 anyway
  1 spray
  1 something
  1 below
  1 streets
  1 dodge
  1 dr
  1 frozen
  1 hypocrisy
  1 efficacy
  1 subsection
  1 drink
  1 layers
  1 smear
  1 compulsively
  1 bleeding
  1 sexual
  1 claws
  1 fetal
  1 late
  1 steel
  1 key
  1 retch
  1 he'll
  1 packet
  1 crowns
  1 gasping
  1 beg
  1 pat
  1 salvation
  1 dreamily
  1 gestation
  1 recedes
  1 mask
  1 gets
  1 natural
  1 tile
  1 hides
  1 legislation
  1 marriage
  1 opposite
  1 listening
  1 cotton
  1 suction
  1 unfolding
  1 kaleidoscope
  1 meat
  1 snips
  1 asthmatic
  1 floppy
  1 dreamy
  1 experience
  1 amongst
  1 caught
  1 hypocritic
  1 luck
  1 sharp-nailed
  1 feet
  1 panting
  1 carrying
  1 clutch
  1 main
  1 girl's
  1 studies
  1 silent
  1 excellent
  1 many
  1 fat
  1 mucky
  1 bare
  1 surprised
  1 chem-int
  1 50ml
  1 every
  1 wheels
  1 wrong
  1 sitting
  1 terrible
  1 shards
  1 lifted
  1 consummate
  1 mocking
  1 remaining
  1 uh-oh
  1 damaged
  1 stainless
  1 pressing
  1 heat
  1 focused
  1 fast
  1 shows
  1 pores
  1 slow
  1 cynical
  1 trackable
  1 running
  1 encouragement
  1 killers
  1 silver
  1 man's
  1 we're
  1 surface
  1 scamper
  1 lean
  1 crack
  1 hormone
  1 gunk
  1 say
  1 girls
  1 shivering
  1 dioxins
  1 squeegee's
  1 snarls
  1 illusions
  1 dirty
  1 nods
  1 brushes
  1 sensation
  1 were
  1 penis
  1 understand
  1 hadn't
  1 iron
  1 redemption
  1 seat
  1 lipsticks
  1 birth's
  1 letting
  1 dumbly
  1 chips
  1 move
  1 keeled
  1 aside
  1 disappears
  1 nerve
  1 miscalibrated
  1 five-year-old
  1 phantasms
  1 large
  1 flails
  1 waistband
  1 laughter
  1 vomiting
  1 puts
  1 end
  1 miss
  1 gathered
  1 blossomed
  1 long
  1 great
  1 perfume
  1 seems
  1 awake
  1 clutching
  1 rest
  1 pushes
  1 laughs
  1 cleansing
  1 iq
  1 unbutton
  1 stares
  1 emphatic
  1 narrow
  1 delonol
  1 glittering
  1 eyeball
  1 after
  1 started
  1 fall-offs
  1 bound
  1 slurs
  1 headaches
  1 endocrine
  1 hisses
  1 takes
  1 stands
  1 sure
  1 comfort
  1 grown
  1 pretty
  1 stories
  1 onto
  1 three
  1 boots
  1 scour
  1 tolerates
  1 breasts
  1 six-and-a-half
  1 wide
  1 shakes
  1 wish
  1 exposing
  1 attaches
  1 lying
  1 malformations
  1 offers
  1 attention
  1 sleeve
  1 prays
  1 intertwined
  1 vulnerable
  1 untuck
  1 generated
  1 rolls
  1 nod
  1 finished
  1 ripping
  1 smile
  1 stricken
  1 loves
  1 suck
  1 low-pesticide
  1 sly
  1 patients
  1 passes
  1 flicker
  1 madness
  1 find
  1 ten
  1 any
  1 purnate-induced
  1 oxygenation
  1 piped
  1 flatlines
  1 bloodied
  1 hoping
  1 most
  1 soap
  1 offering
  1 resets
  1 look
  1 bursts
  1 had
  1 3
  1 slender
  1 filthy
  1 bully
  1 shrieking
  1 prickles
  1 pcbs
  1 veiny
  1 cover
  1 winter
  1 hyperactivity
  1 platform
  1 halves
  1 neither
  1 where
  1 eight-year-old
  1 practices
  1 cranes
  1 left
  1 insane
  1 coat's
  1 wrist
  1 i'll
  1 stool
  1 soggy
  1 problem
  1 recorded
  1 countertop
  1 avoid
  1 sweat
  1 numbers
  1 owe
  1 strip
  1 drag
  1 feels
  1 traffic
  1 hospital's
  1 miniature
  1 clings
  1 equipment
  1 mother's
  1 wonderfully
  1 beaten
  1 blanket
  1 solved
  1 brood
  1 deeply
  1 slick
  1 convinced
  1 roll
  1 bear
  1 probably
  1 derm
  1 vitamins
  1 steam
  1 canal
  1 thyroid
  1 conception
  1 folate
  1 weeks
  1 scarves
  1 less
  1 losing
  1 decided
  1 sponsors
  1 filter-mask
  1 last
  1 intensity
  1 raw
  1 toward
  1 tiled
  1 waste
  1 push
  1 hold
  1 asleep
  1 fluorescent
  1 bio-bin
  1 dispensed
  1 science
  1 m
  1 burning
  1 benjamin
  1 shoulders
  1 ben's
  1 larger
  1 catatonic
  1 sent
  1 leaving
  1 some
  1 here
  1 committee
  1 soak
  1 shuddering
  1 mothers
  1 hitting
  1 ones
  1 throws
  1 given
  1 wax
  1 certainly
  1 reassuring
  1 clothes
  1 chain
  1 glo-strands
  1 busy
  1 lists
  1 dump
  1 feed
  1 rely
  1 countertops
  1 put
  1 passage
  1 taunts
  1 emerges
  1 trash
  1 attack
  1 gag
  1 laughing
  1 braided
  1 trial
  1 drum
  1 spell
  1 slashes
  1 radios
  1 kill
  1 display
  1 slur
  1 mind
  1 wolf
  1 women
  1 healthy
  1 am
  1 tribe
  1 draped
  1 dangling
  1 lower
  1 oversized
  1 must
  1 tiredly
  1 able
  1 hole
  1 chuckle
  1 stripping
  1 locks
  1 gouge
  1 incineration
  1 pry
  1 gland
  1 other
  1 shoes
  1 dna
  1 sale
  1 catches
  1 friendly
  1 what's
  1 hears
  1 encouraging
  1 reap
  1 aggressive
  1 diesel
  1 view
  1 fueled
  1 tries
  1 sips
  1 scrolls
  1 straps
  1 bloated
  1 alarmingly
  1 honest
  1 curb
  1 within
  1 straightening
  1 wanted
  1 toe
  1 thick-armed
  1 covers
  1 movements
  1 worse
  1 dissolving
  1 icon
  1 blouses
  1 pours
  1 choice
  1 response
  1 well
  1 news
  1 tiny
  1 ball
  1 walking
  1 cellular
  1 sources
  1 faith
  1 fetus
  1 shoulder
  1 sharply
  1 smaller
  1 kneels
  1 knees
  1 tosses
  1 newborn
  1 spin
  1 corner
  1 cocktail
  1 world
  1 hospital
  1 sterile
  1 mother
  1 bangladesh
  1 panties
  1 dust
  1 muddy
  1 longer
  1 wheeze
  1 murk
  1 them
  1 gaze
  1 confirmation
  1 figure
  1 man
  1 contaminants
  1 burrow
  1 bedside
  1 optic
  1 placental
  1 pitocin
  1 splayed
  1 incongruous
  1 ah
  1 yes
  1 sideburns
  1 golem
  1 foil-wrapped
  1 holds
  1 profession
  1 finds
  1 change
  1 perimeter
  1 glare
  1 manage
  1 number
  1 battle
  1 paralyze
  1 afforded
  1 acknowledgment
  1 remember
  1 poster-children
  1 inert
  1 population
  1 waited
  1 insinuating
  1 how
  1 best
  1 oxygen
  1 sockets
  1 underwear
  1 pressure
  1 admit
  1 trap
  1 warms
  1 shaking
  1 weakly
  1 puddled
  1 found
  1 briefly
  1 fallen
  1 coat
  1 jerk
  1 gaunt
  1 agreement
  1 instead
  1 mendoza
  1 caring
  1 shouldn't
  1 solves
  1 glow
  1 swallow
  1 jam
  1 crucified
  1 pink
  1 wipes
  1 sack
  1 cut
  1 across
  1 crowds
  1 stumble
  1 rise
  1 sacrifice
  1 paralysis
  1 developed
  1 husband's
  1 good-bye
  1 strapped
  1 chute
  1 try
  1 vessel
  1 arches
  1 turns
  1 overwhelmed
  1 once
  1 killed
  1 courage
  1 phthalates
  1 tracking
  1 sunday
  1 stepping
  1 comfortable
  1 scent
  1 floor
  1 intervention
  1 swaddling
  1 ghostly
  1 microscope
  1 round
  1 orderly
  1 draw
  1 afraid
  1 dummy
  1 human
  1 muffle
  1 bin
  1 tilts
  1 exhaust
  1 dials
  1 warring
  1 reaction
  1 disorders
  1 riddle
  1 seem
  1 whispers
  1 flowing
  1 apart
  1 strokes
  1 falls
  1 labored
  1 inhales
  1 size
  1 approve
  1 wrestle
  1 alert
  1 rips
  1 days
  1 side
  1 street
  1 pushing
  1 throat
  1 opens
  1 doses
  1 been
  1 pinched
  1 looking
  1 snaps
  1 queen
  1 carry
  1 minutes
  1 malfunctions
  1 gleaming
  1 cavalry
  1 marooned
  1 protruding
  1 rises
  1 retort
  1 jumps
  1 works
  1 stomach
  1 restrain
  1 searching
  1 thing
  1 whisper
  1 stick
  1 along
  1 shatters
  1 kisses
  1 unfiltered
  1 condom
  1 socks
  1 curls
  1 brain
  1 division
  1 misfires
  1 tumors
  1 stay
  1 burns
  1 live
  1 times
  1 apartment
  1 pair
  1 answers
  1 trying
  1 gives
  1 place
  1 drawers
  1 room
  1 squeegees
  1 above
  1 triple-filtered
  1 help
  1 restart
  1 freak
  1 microfilament
  1 lunges

691.

Softer - Paolo Bacigalupi : z non-fiction - z concordance - 3.0 

Softer

  245 the
  217 and
  194 he
  124 to
  116 a
  93 her
  77 was
  76 his
  73 that
  70 in
  68 of
  58 it
  51 for
  46 had
  37 on
  37 with
  35 she
  34 him
  30 he'd
  29 but
  28 at
  27 out
  26 from
  25 they
  24 you
  23 all
  23 i
  22 be
  22 jonathan
  21 as
  21 pia
  20 would
  20 back
  20 like
  20 time
  19 or
  19 again
  19 into
  18 if
  17 have
  17 about
  17 didn't
  17 do
  17 so
  17 up
  16 just
  15 what
  15 could
  15 their
  15 over
  15 gabby
  14 pillow
  14 one
  14 when
  14 been
  13 bath
  13 every
  13 eyes
  13 pia's
  13 this
  13 wife
  13 them
  13 now
  12 should
  11 face
  11 an
  11 then
  11 thought
  11 body
  11 how
  10 get
  10 go
  10 life
  10 down
  10 dead
  10 were
  10 water
  10 still
  10 felt
  10 day
  10 wanted
  10 she'd
  9 by
  9 there
  9 really
  9 off
  9 after
  9 more
  9 some
  9 murder
  9 door
  9 not
  8 going
  8 tub
  8 even
  8 think
  8 kept
  8 than
  8 said
  8 might
  8 went
  8 last
  8 seemed
  8 himself
  8 dishes
  8 spring
  7 ran
  7 something
  7 wasn't
  7 away
  7 maybe
  7 hands
  7 did
  7 let
  7 man
  7 through
  7 yard
  7 turned
  7 suddenly
  7 before
  6 knew
  6 no
  6 monday
  6 call
  6 sunshine
  6 little
  6 past
  6 home
  6 work
  6 much
  6 make
  6 couldn't
  6 got
  6 closed
  6 first
  5 i'm
  5 wondered
  5 hot
  5 want
  5 taxes
  5 whatever
  5 morning
  5 blue
  5 under
  5 its
  5 long
  5 onto
  5 where
  5 probably
  5 between
  5 kill
  5 other
  5 night
  5 bottle
  5 shovel
  5 completely
  5 soaking
  5 mean
  5 around
  5 perhaps
  4 can
  4 me
  4 people
  4 things
  4 police
  4 few
  4 told
  4 7-eleven
  4 green
  4 job
  4 outside
  4 everything
  4 mostly
  4 open
  4 right
  4 never
  4 god
  4 care
  4 they'd
  4 stared
  4 hadn't
  4 my
  4 came
  4 find
  4 kid
  4 skin
  4 nice
  4 warm
  4 stopped
  4 almost
  4 here
  4 murderer
  4 why
  4 pulled
  4 another
  4 air
  4 too
  4 across
  4 cash
  4 take
  4 finally
  4 clerk
  4 wouldn't
  4 buried
  4 thing
  4 bought
  4 saw
  3 gray
  3 studied
  3 bit
  3 gone
  3 won't
  3 jonathan's
  3 bathtub
  3 keep
  3 better
  3 already
  3 nothing
  3 white
  3 both
  3 hours
  3 suds
  3 bathroom
  3 rolled
  3 bag
  3 expected
  3 woke
  3 fat
  3 moment
  3 watching
  3 neighbors
  3 san
  3 buzzed
  3 say
  3 shit
  3 mexico
  3 run
  3 notice
  3 couple
  3 forgotten
  3 sorry
  3 feel
  3 legs
  3 someone
  3 kind
  3 it's
  3 whether
  3 three
  3 two
  3 electric
  3 close
  3 any
  3 ceiling
  3 soap
  3 stop
  3 only
  3 screaming
  3 whipped
  3 elbow
  3 blood
  3 come
  3 least
  3 sun
  3 vacation
  3 remembered
  3 bright
  3 prison
  3 liked
  3 soak
  3 against
  3 yet
  3 broke
  3 bathrobe
  3 cared
  3 garden
  3 asked
  3 leaned
  3 world
  3 emergency
  3 mother
  3 cops
  3 guy
  3 jammed
  3 laughed
  3 called
  3 floating
  3 bubbles
  3 hand
  3 statistical
  3 standing
  3 while
  3 read
  3 once
  3 killed
  3 sunday
  3 window
  3 cooling
  3 tried
  3 quiet
  3 phone
  3 gently
  3 days
  3 years
  3 counter
  3 trying
  3 room
  3 help
  2 married
  2 twenty
  2 wait
  2 k
  2 project
  2 worked
  2 front
  2 seeds
  2 blowing
  2 tea
  2 utterly
  2 waiting
  2 saying
  2 hip
  2 hell
  2 holding
  2 wrinkled
  2 line
  2 jogging
  2 set
  2 slipped
  2 laugh
  2 perfect
  2 statistics
  2 tears
  2 old
  2 relax
  2 stealing
  2 red
  2 mine
  2 doing
  2 forgive
  2 respected
  2 on-ramp
  2 behind
  2 bad
  2 revealing
  2 stirred
  2 bills
  2 late
  2 foot
  2 knife
  2 pressed
  2 doorway
  2 disappear
  2 pot
  2 marriage
  2 half-lidded
  2 four
  2 who
  2 entire
  2 apology
  2 caught
  2 luck
  2 oh
  2 hair
  2 sharing
  2 jobs
  2 reminded
  2 trapped
  2 somewhere
  2 surprised
  2 wrong
  2 stand
  2 vegas
  2 murderers
  2 family
  2 zucchini
  2 climb
  2 running
  2 stereo
  2 bodies
  2 together
  2 soaked
  2 possible
  2 purple
  2 poured
  2 lived
  2 911
  2 turn
  2 happened
  2 gave
  2 conversation
  2 getting
  2 distance
  2 waved
  2 manslaughter
  2 we
  2 lazy
  2 bed
  2 neck
  2 end
  2 great
  2 beautiful
  2 without
  2 become
  2 shove
  2 central
  2 softer
  2 fit
  2 living
  2 rav4
  2 order
  2 thinking
  2 started
  2 difference
  2 love
  2 wishing
  2 sure
  2 new
  2 returning
  2 service
  2 needed
  2 feeling
  2 your
  2 attention
  2 weight
  2 nod
  2 interstate
  2 changed
  2 shed
  2 suck
  2 demo
  2 beat
  2 muscle
  2 look
  2 thousand
  2 winter
  2 arrest
  2 left
  2 fact
  2 cause
  2 fists
  2 blond
  2 fifteen
  2 sat
  2 less
  2 bouncing
  2 often
  2 fbi
  2 nails
  2 summer
  2 duty
  2 died
  2 hit
  2 astai
  2 gonna
  2 dutiful
  2 improvement
  2 friends
  2 squeezed
  2 kitchen
  2 inside
  2 put
  2 mind
  2 hundred
  2 know
  2 taking
  2 children
  2 break
  2 sounded
  2 ever
  2 except
  2 pretending
  2 lost
  2 grinning
  2 alive
  2 led
  2 401
  2 laid
  2 she's
  2 pale
  2 yeah
  2 bank
  2 jog
  2 borrow
  2 done
  2 allowance
  2 meant
  2 idea
  2 messenger
  2 road
  2 shook
  2 longer
  2 jogged
  2 used
  2 different
  2 moving
  2 creepy
  2 hard
  2 is
  2 struggling
  2 instead
  2 staring
  2 pay
  2 ask
  2 pink
  2 held
  2 divorce
  2 projects
  2 beating
  2 made
  2 floor
  2 see
  2 headed
  2 supposed
  2 can't
  2 cry
  2 tell
  2 leave
  2 side
  2 street
  2 throat
  2 words
  2 limbs
  2 looking
  2 le
  2 simply
  2 porch
  2 head
  2 ponytail
  2 diego
  2 pair
  2 place
  2 forget
  2 high
  2 winning
  1 dropped
  1 million
  1 colorado
  1 confess
  1 rearranged
  1 pooling
  1 shown
  1 fuck
  1 vancouver
  1 slack
  1 widened
  1 settling
  1 gloves
  1 incredible
  1 board
  1 bucking
  1 bladder
  1 lights
  1 breast
  1 guts
  1 drizzling
  1 half-floated
  1 peasant
  1 marveled
  1 upright
  1 flesh
  1 meadowlark
  1 sheets
  1 dandelion
  1 effervescent
  1 naked
  1 shoplifting
  1 note
  1 nature
  1 swaddle
  1 keeping
  1 cans
  1 blushed
  1 appropriate
  1 nipples
  1 video
  1 unintended
  1 mortis
  1 imposed
  1 lift
  1 beard
  1 disappointments
  1 certain
  1 sink
  1 junkie
  1 pillow's
  1 fish
  1 amount
  1 wads
  1 ear
  1 wildlife
  1 alistair
  1 rhythms
  1 baristas
  1 hear
  1 suspicion
  1 skateboard
  1 show
  1 flown
  1 thumping
  1 meditations
  1 bike
  1 killing
  1 plane
  1 beaches
  1 barged
  1 drunk
  1 mention
  1 phat
  1 thoughtless
  1 rose
  1 rocks
  1 liquid
  1 fine
  1 yours
  1 final
  1 obstruction
  1 smiling
  1 surprise
  1 trailed
  1 doors
  1 describing
  1 pour
  1 knowledge
  1 mound
  1 cares
  1 exchange
  1 elms
  1 known
  1 flash
  1 reclaimed
  1 peek
  1 112
  1 position
  1 person
  1 repressed
  1 gasp
  1 hammered
  1 umm
  1 goggled
  1 nostalgic
  1 hated
  1 turkey
  1 caps
  1 recognize
  1 sweaty
  1 gambling
  1 dollar
  1 bounded
  1 stunned
  1 cucumber
  1 watery
  1 wonderful
  1 bearing
  1 realignment
  1 shorts
  1 seconds
  1 real
  1 fridge
  1 counting
  1 stained
  1 met
  1 need
  1 doornail
  1 missed
  1 bellies
  1 networks
  1 lectures
  1 sincerity
  1 coordination
  1 attendance
  1 considering
  1 laws
  1 margin
  1 grimaced
  1 program
  1 bloomed
  1 threw
  1 dug
  1 eventually
  1 panicked
  1 shut
  1 girl
  1 overflow
  1 plants
  1 couch
  1 expectantly
  1 wet
  1 twisted
  1 barging
  1 shepherd
  1 snow-boarding
  1 infused
  1 add
  1 pots
  1 including
  1 spurred
  1 car
  1 complete
  1 dish
  1 kick
  1 happens
  1 dumped
  1 applications
  1 softens
  1 wrote
  1 black
  1 scabby
  1 fee
  1 revitalizes
  1 jouncing
  1 anyway
  1 planning
  1 predilection
  1 coaxing
  1 streets
  1 bread
  1 deeper
  1 grade
  1 deadening
  1 smell
  1 scarlet
  1 antsy
  1 bottles
  1 gasping
  1 paleness
  1 gas
  1 die
  1 amazed
  1 marathoners
  1 husband
  1 blinked
  1 piling
  1 tree-lined
  1 talk
  1 shoved
  1 easily
  1 arrive
  1 sick
  1 gunned
  1 accelerated
  1 emptied
  1 cotton
  1 crystal
  1 faucet
  1 morbid
  1 honey
  1 flossing
  1 lane
  1 grass
  1 rippled
  1 doubted
  1 wine
  1 gritted-teeth
  1 blame
  1 feet
  1 suggest
  1 promotion
  1 depot
  1 carrying
  1 worn
  1 gabby's
  1 faking
  1 clean
  1 main
  1 pumped
  1 pathological
  1 rape
  1 mail
  1 soiled
  1 frustrated
  1 newly
  1 airway
  1 ruining
  1 tangled
  1 date
  1 buy
  1 flailed
  1 orange
  1 renovation
  1 squash
  1 energy
  1 shades
  1 month
  1 extracts
  1 planned
  1 15
  1 cheek
  1 provide
  1 invite
  1 way
  1 neighbor
  1 denver's
  1 belize
  1 punch
  1 sitting
  1 pushed
  1 mutter
  1 lifted
  1 purchasing
  1 soapsuds
  1 replayed
  1 mars
  1 german
  1 sky
  1 jostling
  1 investment
  1 drama
  1 heat
  1 software
  1 slow
  1 gate
  1 yanked
  1 map
  1 possibility
  1 beside
  1 pegs
  1 tangle
  1 candy
  1 case
  1 tangling
  1 weed
  1 account
  1 deaths
  1 naeem
  1 nervous
  1 bubble
  1 surface
  1 lean
  1 beat-up
  1 complexity
  1 beyond
  1 lighter
  1 embarrassed
  1 farce
  1 continuous
  1 guessed
  1 suburbs
  1 changing
  1 relations
  1 clearing
  1 own
  1 touched
  1 yards
  1 wandered
  1 months
  1 wages
  1 grocery
  1 nicked
  1 chromie
  1 emergencies
  1 truly
  1 poked
  1 understand
  1 redemption
  1 understood
  1 where's
  1 seat
  1 convulsively
  1 grower
  1 hosted
  1 trite
  1 preferred
  1 tax
  1 starbucks
  1 oil
  1 twisting
  1 illinois
  1 harder
  1 move
  1 guilt-free
  1 our
  1 hyper-kinetic
  1 fucking
  1 jaws
  1 opened
  1 affection
  1 aside
  1 distress
  1 smothered
  1 movement
  1 bathroom's
  1 animal's
  1 japanese
  1 sense
  1 nevada
  1 lawyer
  1 rock
  1 paying
  1 are
  1 rested
  1 bubblicious
  1 unrestrained
  1 scrabbled
  1 memories
  1 scrubbing
  1 force
  1 breeze
  1 snapped
  1 department
  1 congress
  1 violence
  1 letter
  1 louder
  1 discovery
  1 bloodless
  1 woman
  1 streamed
  1 deadline
  1 aware
  1 slats
  1 leaves
  1 mountain-biking
  1 shivered
  1 tank
  1 corporate
  1 forgot
  1 highway
  1 cranked
  1 shoving
  1 confession
  1 savings
  1 authoritative
  1 talked
  1 chest
  1 eggs
  1 slowed
  1 second
  1 slumped
  1 departure
  1 scalding
  1 lodged
  1 strobing
  1 leg
  1 putting
  1 subdivision
  1 moisturizing
  1 thrashed
  1 fall
  1 thoughtfully
  1 don't
  1 cruisers
  1 hardware
  1 miles
  1 grind
  1 roberts
  1 latte
  1 avocado
  1 lifetimes
  1 essence
  1 toilet's
  1 april
  1 horror
  1 neon
  1 skiing
  1 thanks
  1 wide
  1 dumb
  1 drawing
  1 start
  1 court
  1 lying
  1 lengthened
  1 cutting
  1 consequences
  1 rubbed
  1 gabrielle
  1 demanded
  1 ale
  1 voice
  1 pez
  1 cabo
  1 actually
  1 generally
  1 discover
  1 busted
  1 rip
  1 sweated
  1 father
  1 half
  1 fifth
  1 money
  1 cloudy
  1 gin
  1 pleasant
  1 chores
  1 customer
  1 soaks
  1 forward
  1 hoped
  1 telecom
  1 swirled
  1 crushed
  1 electrolytes
  1 sought
  1 bounced
  1 interrupt
  1 year
  1 charade
  1 sweet
  1 wreaked
  1 blob
  1 hoping
  1 zipping
  1 retriever
  1 photos
  1 weekend
  1 worst
  1 desert
  1 cappuccino
  1 gardener
  1 samurai
  1 laptop
  1 dammit
  1 budded
  1 hat
  1 sporty
  1 musketeers
  1 mountains
  1 trees
  1 insistent
  1 leeway
  1 light
  1 sounds
  1 compile
  1 acorn
  1 lilly
  1 knocked
  1 slipping
  1 covering
  1 part
  1 tonic
  1 upon
  1 cats
  1 very
  1 stayed
  1 nonetheless
  1 surfacing
  1 problem
  1 unfold
  1 requirements
  1 crumbs
  1 death-soiled
  1 rigor
  1 became
  1 exactly
  1 hey
  1 park
  1 gaia
  1 traffic
  1 luxuriating
  1 handle
  1 stuffed
  1 good
  1 sourcing
  1 hungover
  1 solved
  1 traced
  1 pavement
  1 bear
  1 arguing
  1 sand
  1 rode
  1 steam
  1 heard
  1 direct
  1 listing
  1 striving
  1 curbs
  1 joke
  1 mountain
  1 behavior
  1 mower
  1 knuckles
  1 cambodia
  1 chatted
  1 increasing
  1 gasped
  1 losing
  1 casually
  1 argued
  1 insects
  1 decided
  1 faceless
  1 flagstones
  1 tall
  1 paper
  1 stuck
  1 next
  1 daily
  1 similar
  1 lately
  1 francisco
  1 push
  1 changes
  1 hold
  1 futures
  1 same
  1 refusing
  1 recognizable
  1 t-shirt
  1 m
  1 leather
  1 slashed
  1 big
  1 glory
  1 nerds
  1 passing
  1 advisor
  1 shoulders
  1 hanging
  1 leaving
  1 movies
  1 world's
  1 mumbled
  1 summon
  1 shade
  1 somehow
  1 lilac-scented
  1 ray-bans
  1 fragile
  1 vaguely
  1 chugged
  1 spread
  1 financial
  1 wake
  1 ass
  1 whale
  1 given
  1 smelled
  1 music
  1 playing
  1 engine
  1 separate
  1 deserved
  1 lists
  1 groceries
  1 space
  1 butterflies
  1 stiffening
  1 lawn
  1 struck
  1 dinner
  1 though
  1 incident
  1 catching
  1 settled
  1 filtered
  1 wrinkling
  1 quilts
  1 macerating
  1 nordic
  1 suv's
  1 thumb
  1 immersing
  1 jail
  1 permeated
  1 centered
  1 milo
  1 beer
  1 sinned
  1 gay
  1 latched
  1 alley
  1 pattern
  1 studying
  1 pbrs
  1 twitching
  1 dangling
  1 scooped
  1 reflected
  1 funny
  1 apologized
  1 eleven
  1 half-opened
  1 optimistic
  1 accounts
  1 internal
  1 washing
  1 worried
  1 pocket
  1 motioned
  1 brunch
  1 neighborhood
  1 iras
  1 pry
  1 scratching
  1 planted
  1 shoes
  1 parents
  1 knocking
  1 transient
  1 gaudy
  1 sentencing
  1 hurt
  1 allocation
  1 loud
  1 friendly
  1 crackling
  1 inquiry
  1 meditation
  1 reclined
  1 google
  1 clearly
  1 nobody
  1 viscous
  1 moisturizes
  1 always
  1 okay
  1 freedom
  1 sit
  1 touch
  1 tire
  1 powerful
  1 aftermath
  1 pays
  1 buddha
  1 irritations
  1 grande
  1 loved
  1 soft
  1 gurgling
  1 expeditions
  1 movements
  1 stream
  1 gritty
  1 lilacs
  1 lawnmower
  1 rubbing
  1 myself
  1 denver
  1 confuse
  1 broken
  1 las
  1 store
  1 domestic
  1 increasingly
  1 warmth
  1 wear
  1 macerate
  1 because
  1 tomatoes
  1 concentrated
  1 native
  1 travel
  1 ball
  1 someday
  1 sunflowers
  1 prefer
  1 blamed
  1 angers
  1 caress
  1 stood
  1 filmy
  1 puppy
  1 wasted
  1 strange
  1 blew
  1 amish
  1 decide
  1 ton
  1 greenery
  1 struggle
  1 wider
  1 refuse
  1 killer
  1 screwed
  1 poppy
  1 flashed
  1 spited
  1 early
  1 skirt
  1 empty
  1 tingled
  1 growers
  1 techno
  1 panties
  1 baby
  1 overfilled
  1 irs
  1 porches
  1 steps
  1 lie
  1 tickets
  1 windows
  1 walls
  1 bmx
  1 lamps
  1 hers
  1 pleasure
  1 afterward
  1 extraordinary
  1 yes
  1 crying
  1 raced
  1 sign
  1 change
  1 knock
  1 eel
  1 confessed
  1 cowboy
  1 thirty
  1 ownership
  1 jaunts
  1 sold
  1 expecting
  1 waited
  1 instability
  1 nudge
  1 lazily
  1 buddhist
  1 play-acting
  1 spill
  1 best
  1 aloe
  1 having
  1 slowly
  1 ruin
  1 names
  1 smothering
  1 bucked
  1 rot
  1 breaking
  1 point
  1 creatures
  1 which
  1 carried
  1 far
  1 winds
  1 pinned
  1 remaking
  1 also
  1 revitalizing
  1 get-things-accomplished
  1 pull
  1 briefly
  1 sped
  1 golden
  1 massage
  1 logo
  1 sort
  1 shouldn't
  1 sauce
  1 reading
  1 eighteen-wheelers
  1 fulfilling
  1 brows
  1 tension
  1 throbbed
  1 skinny
  1 enfolded
  1 gatorade
  1 cut
  1 plant
  1 nearly
  1 fifty
  1 profits
  1 easy
  1 stronger
  1 rigs
  1 bother
  1 sunflower
  1 screams
  1 join
  1 billable
  1 books
  1 lose
  1 fell
  1 stepped
  1 deposit
  1 such
  1 nagging
  1 degree
  1 purpose
  1 edge
  1 scattered
  1 script
  1 inkling
  1 l
  1 scent
  1 forth
  1 heavy
  1 existed
  1 owner's
  1 drove
  1 jon
  1 hatred
  1 beartrap
  1 round
  1 convenience
  1 version
  1 rancid
  1 greened
  1 human
  1 titties
  1 snowy
  1 dripping
  1 gasses
  1 walked
  1 enjoy
  1 wetness
  1 everyday
  1 sang
  1 tomato
  1 noticed
  1 angry
  1 crime
  1 viewing
  1 tossed
  1 lovely
  1 five
  1 trivial
  1 apparent
  1 jelly
  1 thinning
  1 accident
  1 reason
  1 apart
  1 stiffened
  1 baths
  1 glorious
  1 clung
  1 approve
  1 writhed
  1 shrivel
  1 upended
  1 steadiness
  1 flower
  1 sentence
  1 acting
  1 affair
  1 helped
  1 mirrored
  1 clarity
  1 bees
  1 filling
  1 troubles
  1 until
  1 servers
  1 398
  1 unreliable
  1 minutes
  1 name
  1 spirit
  1 corpse
  1 dishwasher
  1 querying
  1 pan
  1 yammered
  1 lily
  1 vest
  1 you'd
  1 glasses
  1 benedict
  1 ride
  1 anniversary
  1 priorities
  1 spout
  1 lilac
  1 anything
  1 youthful
  1 sin
  1 starting
  1 emerald
  1 observed
  1 hunger
  1 crossed
  1 belly
  1 peaceful
  1 via
  1 sunlight
  1 wreathing
  1 along
  1 fading
  1 leaped
  1 sunny
  1 nodded
  1 releasing
  1 floorboards
  1 returned
  1 grinned
  1 bandolier
  1 times
  1 lasagna
  1 sudden
  1 jumping
  1 department's
  1 soul
  1 frowned
  1 feared
  1 notified
  1 lay
  1 fought
  1 telescope
  1 terribly
  1 coughs
  1 back-yard

692.

The Calorie Man - Paolo Bacigalupi : z non-fiction - z concordance - 3.0 

The Calorie Man

  714 the
  379 and
  288 of
  249 a
  240 he
  235 to
  233 his
  162 lalji
  117 it
  115 in
  114 was
  98 as
  95 with
  93 you
  91 had
  81 that
  79 on
  78 i
  76 creo
  74 at
  71 them
  66 for
  63 their
  59 man
  57 him
  55 but
  54 would
  50 one
  48 from
  48 into
  46 no
  46 they
  43 be
  42 her
  41 head
  40 bowman
  40 so
  40 up
  40 not
  39 all
  39 is
  38 this
  37 its
  37 if
  36 what
  36 have
  34 river
  34 then
  34 ip
  32 shriram
  32 we
  31 shook
  31 when
  30 by
  29 like
  28 she
  28 an
  28 boat
  27 who
  27 are
  27 back
  27 spring
  26 down
  26 again
  25 still
  24 calories
  23 men
  23 were
  23 against
  23 soypro
  23 now
  23 calorie
  22 there
  22 more
  22 been
  21 eyes
  21 will
  21 do
  21 through
  21 turned
  21 around
  20 girl
  20 many
  20 much
  20 across
  19 money
  19 make
  18 even
  18 old
  18 another
  18 over
  18 such
  17 my
  17 springs
  17 how
  17 too
  17 made
  17 time
  16 can
  16 seeds
  16 energy
  16 away
  16 came
  16 your
  16 where
  16 some
  16 gun
  16 himself
  16 out
  15 off
  15 or
  15 could
  15 deck
  15 hands
  15 than
  15 said
  15 light
  15 toward
  15 didn't
  15 lalji's
  15 hand
  15 take
  14 should
  14 nothing
  14 go
  14 agrigen
  14 bowman's
  14 far
  14 us
  14 before
  13 under
  13 face
  13 water
  13 let
  13 only
  13 come
  13 kinetic
  13 computer
  12 darkness
  12 winding
  12 waved
  12 just
  12 smiled
  12 might
  12 new
  12 joules
  12 between
  11 tazi
  11 needleboat
  11 here
  11 thought
  11 why
  11 small
  11 these
  11 began
  10 shrugged
  10 me
  10 think
  10 get
  10 way
  10 about
  10 dead
  10 took
  10 after
  10 don't
  10 fields
  10 very
  10 sat
  10 well
  10 yes
  10 upriver
  10 laughed
  10 barges
  10 enough
  10 place
  9 better
  9 those
  9 past
  9 went
  9 close
  9 did
  9 captain
  9 remembered
  9 dogs
  9 found
  9 perhaps
  8 studied
  8 gone
  8 waiting
  8 green
  8 cheshires
  8 bring
  8 boy
  8 something
  8 fat
  8 beside
  8 own
  8 stared
  8 distance
  8 rest
  8 it's
  8 any
  8 most
  8 look
  8 village
  8 food
  8 else
  8 though
  8 looked
  8 stood
  8 world
  8 slowly
  8 see
  8 orleans
  8 frowned
  7 gray
  7 going
  7 south
  7 people
  7 disks
  7 i'm
  7 disgust
  7 red
  7 black
  7 want
  7 dog
  7 blue
  7 moment
  7 every
  7 mulies
  7 long
  7 great
  7 creo's
  7 two
  7 father
  7 find
  7 kink-springs
  7 blood
  7 next
  7 big
  7 feed
  7 know
  7 course
  7 body
  7 glanced
  7 companies
  7 flow
  7 gita
  7 held
  7 finally
  7 teeth
  7 closed
  7 scowled
  7 suddenly
  7 burn
  7 pair
  7 lay
  6 corn
  6 purcal
  6 already
  6 slipped
  6 plants
  6 barge
  6 stored
  6 luck
  6 hair
  6 life
  6 watching
  6 they're
  6 started
  6 child
  6 ganesha
  6 voice
  6 smile
  6 shadow
  6 hundreds
  6 stairs
  6 cheshire
  6 deep
  6 almost
  6 waste
  6 hit
  6 other
  6 higro
  6 sign
  6 waited
  6 pay
  6 weevil
  6 once
  6 grain
  6 tell
  6 street
  6 town
  6 use
  6 shop
  6 nodded
  5 board
  5 placed
  5 few
  5 told
  5 breath
  5 jars
  5 arms
  5 yellow
  5 both
  5 wondered
  5 below
  5 beams
  5 amongst
  5 carrying
  5 never
  5 silent
  5 float
  5 mouth
  5 swept
  5 megadonts
  5 handlight
  5 gave
  5 move
  5 our
  5 end
  5 without
  5 wondering
  5 someone
  5 work
  5 jumped
  5 wall
  5 blond
  5 good
  5 last
  5 guns
  5 company
  5 others
  5 spread
  5 lunged
  5 alley
  5 must
  5 pulled
  5 boys
  5 watched
  5 handlights
  5 grains
  5 followed
  5 asked
  5 cellar
  5 makes
  5 sound
  5 spit
  5 aboard
  5 nearly
  5 current
  5 shriram's
  5 falling
  5 headed
  5 night
  5 showed
  5 side
  5 looking
  5 hunger
  5 trying
  5 high
  5 saw
  5 help
  5 first
  4 lights
  4 bit
  4 everyone
  4 ran
  4 fish
  4 sniffer
  4 smiling
  4 surprise
  4 aimed
  4 need
  4 expression
  4 center
  4 perfect
  4 blankets
  4 behind
  4 he'd
  4 chess
  4 steel
  4 open
  4 shoved
  4 easily
  4 paused
  4 caught
  4 rippled
  4 pumped
  4 morning
  4 ago
  4 little
  4 wasn't
  4 bodies
  4 say
  4 extra
  4 wound
  4 getting
  4 opened
  4 decking
  4 juice
  4 sure
  4 three
  4 each
  4 heirloom
  4 lying
  4 attention
  4 monoculture
  4 finished
  4 half
  4 forward
  4 antiques
  4 hoping
  4 sounds
  4 generippers
  4 left
  4 dry
  4 sweat
  4 traffic
  4 indeed
  4 making
  4 river's
  4 felt
  4 same
  4 property
  4 yet
  4 carefully
  4 inside
  4 barely
  4 kill
  4 disappeared
  4 mind
  4 am
  4 children
  4 seemed
  4 locks
  4 gods
  4 always
  4 led
  4 broken
  4 trip
  4 because
  4 worth
  4 tiny
  4 garden
  4 boat's
  4 leaned
  4 air
  4 dust
  4 generipper
  4 steps
  4 seed
  4 locked
  4 instead
  4 got
  4 shot
  4 sack
  4 plant
  4 while
  4 tried
  4 tomato
  4 mustache
  4 suburb
  4 massive
  4 mud
  4 until
  4 carry
  4 anything
  4 sunlight
  4 cannot
  4 along
  4 years
  4 room
  3 tied
  3 trust
  3 land
  3 crown
  3 top
  3 front
  3 squatted
  3 knelt
  3 rusted
  3 forcing
  3 keep
  3 precious
  3 heads
  3 hide
  3 lucky
  3 knowledge
  3 saying
  3 dealer
  3 climbing
  3 known
  3 superflavor
  3 hell
  3 house
  3 white
  3 does
  3 shop's
  3 that's
  3 concrete
  3 indian
  3 global
  3 boats
  3 anyway
  3 call
  3 jar
  3 importantly
  3 disappear
  3 megadont
  3 leafcurl
  3 oh
  3 listened
  3 shoot
  3 crumbling
  3 talking
  3 surprised
  3 sitting
  3 junk
  3 dark
  3 risk
  3 care
  3 remaining
  3 spoke
  3 heat
  3 fast
  3 survive
  3 midwest
  3 beyond
  3 bald
  3 picked
  3 dirty
  3 beggar
  3 possible
  3 kept
  3 passed
  3 shimmer
  3 crouched
  3 movement
  3 provided
  3 large
  3 creature
  3 built
  3 memory
  3 unlocked
  3 burned
  3 pleased
  3 legs
  3 shadows
  3 wide
  3 wish
  3 full
  3 you're
  3 searched
  3 sourly
  3 eager
  3 thousands
  3 roof
  3 there's
  3 wind
  3 cover
  3 skin
  3 part
  3 mississippi
  3 infection
  3 storage
  3 heard
  3 sun
  3 collapsed
  3 quality
  3 bright
  3 u-tex
  3 prayed
  3 rich
  3 labor
  3 eat
  3 you've
  3 eaten
  3 handed
  3 growled
  3 ahead
  3 ones
  3 chain
  3 shining
  3 dump
  3 downriver
  3 slid
  3 steady
  3 jewels
  3 day
  3 lowered
  3 louis
  3 swung
  3 mississippi's
  3 except
  3 genehack
  3 st
  3 within
  3 myself
  3 covered
  3 isn't
  3 beam
  3 eyebrows
  3 done
  3 intersection
  3 corner
  3 muddy
  3 give
  3 bite
  3 used
  3 precision
  3 swallowed
  3 planting
  3 wallowed
  3 couldn't
  3 managed
  3 produce
  3 betel
  3 best
  3 krishna
  3 animals
  3 lakshmi
  3 briefly
  3 game
  3 staring
  3 skinny
  3 standing
  3 low
  3 easy
  3 torn
  3 scrambled
  3 impossible
  3 field
  3 played
  3 dangerous
  3 edge
  3 relaxed
  3 intellectual
  3 afraid
  3 supposed
  3 pests
  3 eyed
  3 manure
  3 tiller
  3 has
  3 grunted
  3 leave
  3 cache
  3 gotten
  3 throat
  3 balance
  3 gold
  3 poster
  3 queen
  3 ride
  3 she'd
  3 jerked
  3 weatherall
  3 brown
  3 returned
  3 grinned
  3 mopping
  3 live
  3 bumped
  2 stubbornly
  2 inconsequential
  2 issue
  2 dropped
  2 engineered
  2 serve
  2 materials
  2 twenty
  2 churned
  2 riverbank
  2 wealthy
  2 birds
  2 villages
  2 knew
  2 shouted
  2 worked
  2 cool
  2 share
  2 loaded
  2 guard
  2 matter
  2 stifled
  2 things
  2 world'
  2 hairs
  2 price
  2 killing
  2 fecund
  2 helpboy
  2 holy
  2 limped
  2 stirring
  2 interest
  2 mammy
  2 men's
  2 breeding
  2 johnny
  2 yourself
  2 tightly
  2 building
  2 deal
  2 happy
  2 b
  2 vast
  2 wonderful
  2 set
  2 country
  2 kink-spring
  2 leader
  2 houses
  2 offspring
  2 tributaries
  2 everything
  2 families
  2 research
  2 young
  2 dragged
  2 sight
  2 knowing
  2 stamps
  2 sleep
  2 dug
  2 power
  2 eventually
  2 shut
  2 squinted
  2 wet
  2 twisted
  2 seemingly
  2 wallowing
  2 transported
  2 wrapped
  2 doing
  2 fingers
  2 plucked
  2 casting
  2 bargaining
  2 bad
  2 ashes
  2 streets
  2 edges
  2 pulling
  2 deeper
  2 grateful
  2 waving
  2 rising
  2 die
  2 wiping
  2 pressed
  2 right
  2 pappy
  2 unclean
  2 somersault
  2 hungry
  2 rolled
  2 whatever
  2 sea
  2 methane
  2 expected
  2 clean
  2 saved
  2 tangled
  2 somewhere
  2 wailing
  2 brightly
  2 system
  2 provide
  2 wrong
  2 hefted
  2 clutched
  2 posters
  2 quick
  2 soil
  2 arm
  2 wheat
  2 bristled
  2 family
  2 artifacts
  2 riding
  2 case
  2 series
  2 rice
  2 silver
  2 man's
  2 hesitantly
  2 lean
  2 cuff
  2 stalks
  2 maybe
  2 animal
  2 cold
  2 brick
  2 treadle
  2 cheap
  2 companies'
  2 crawled
  2 truly
  2 buckets
  2 poured
  2 hadn't
  2 sprawl
  2 happened
  2 shit
  2 run
  2 willingly
  2 features
  2 letting
  2 please
  2 signs
  2 aside
  2 home
  2 cycles
  2 lazy
  2 couple
  2 weedy
  2 soon
  2 reek
  2 suburb's
  2 gathered
  2 bones
  2 expansion
  2 grunting
  2 history
  2 gutter
  2 awake
  2 continued
  2 recognition
  2 woman
  2 pretended
  2 leaves
  2 lead
  2 narrow
  2 defensive
  2 following
  2 sorry
  2 shoving
  2 slumped
  2 difference
  2 customers
  2 fall
  2 thoughtfully
  2 unstamped
  2 onto
  2 docks
  2 downstream
  2 send
  2 priti
  2 rattled
  2 steal
  2 stubborn
  2 sniff
  2 spindles
  2 backed
  2 ganges
  2 demanded
  2 dung
  2 vulnerable
  2 ferry
  2 boggled
  2 executives
  2 chains
  2 anyone
  2 hidden
  2 testing
  2 grow
  2 valuable
  2 shimmers
  2 flicked
  2 ram
  2 we've
  2 muscles
  2 arterial
  2 desert
  2 rust
  2 ducked
  2 weights
  2 rain
  2 seen
  2 commuting
  2 ungainly
  2 upon
  2 i'll
  2 became
  2 bacterium
  2 sometimes
  2 overhead
  2 smashed
  2 balanced
  2 whipped
  2 needleboat's
  2 pavement
  2 snuffled
  2 hulks
  2 weeks
  2 civil
  2 gasped
  2 urchin
  2 casually
  2 analysis
  2 tall
  2 defend
  2 often
  2 calculating
  2 value
  2 overgrowth
  2 hold
  2 hemp
  2 cheaper
  2 believed
  2 free
  2 everywhere
  2 slashed
  2 themselves
  2 larger
  2 dim
  2 born
  2 somehow
  2 lush
  2 raised
  2 wake
  2 glass
  2 friends
  2 squeezed
  2 idols
  2 treadmills
  2 tomorrow
  2 seeming
  2 pantry
  2 needs
  2 missing
  2 securing
  2 mulies'
  2 space
  2 patrols
  2 stripped
  2 memorized
  2 willing
  2 settled
  2 squatting
  2 bluebills
  2 squat
  2 des
  2 bidi
  2 rustling
  2 lusting
  2 hundred
  2 studying
  2 sigh
  2 taking
  2 patiently
  2 jaw
  2 starved
  2 computers
  2 lit
  2 using
  2 single
  2 signal
  2 beans
  2 whirred
  2 muttered
  2 dna
  2 ever
  2 transient
  2 what's
  2 lost
  2 sucked
  2 oiled
  2 grinning
  2 hung
  2 powerful
  2 acres
  2 genetic
  2 row
  2 sunflowers
  2 yeah
  2 friend
  2 perfectly
  2 grasses
  2 willow
  2 dragging
  2 idea
  2 villagers
  2 emphatically
  2 arjuna
  2 flashed
  2 sterile
  2 early
  2 empty
  2 broad
  2 praying
  2 nippon
  2 plague
  2 smooth
  2 true
  2 costs
  2 ground
  2 lapped
  2 may
  2 different
  2 pleasure
  2 gloom
  2 mounted
  2 change
  2 aren't
  2 remember
  2 sold
  2 bluebill
  2 automobiles
  2 having
  2 machine
  2 familiar
  2 point
  2 conviction
  2 moored
  2 sort
  2 collect
  2 ask
  2 slammed
  2 moines
  2 profits
  2 realized
  2 molecules
  2 dove
  2 kernels
  2 nut
  2 surrounded
  2 stepped
  2 enemy
  2 window
  2 purpose
  2 rows
  2 floor
  2 heavy
  2 existed
  2 dripping
  2 pray
  2 angry
  2 dirt
  2 bridge
  2 pollens
  2 closer
  2 flowing
  2 agrigen's
  2 days
  2 expense
  2 lines
  2 words
  2 paid
  2 clothing
  2 millions
  2 name
  2 wreckage
  2 door
  2 gleaming
  2 we'd
  2 distant
  2 banks
  2 monopolies
  2 overboard
  2 pointed
  2 stomach
  2 armor
  2 trustworthy
  2 mean
  2 crossed
  2 brought
  2 blackness
  2 hugged
  2 times
  2 sudden
  2 fought
  2 lantern
  2 clapped
  2 bastard
  2 tugged
  2 bandit
  1 startled
  1 awning
  1 trades
  1 calm
  1 taken
  1 coal
  1 mighty
  1 strained
  1 cable
  1 adoptee
  1 dazzlingly
  1 salwar
  1 countryman
  1 counted
  1 tempting
  1 long-ago
  1 previous
  1 widened
  1 imagine
  1 steadily
  1 smoky
  1 silly
  1 smuggle
  1 cracked
  1 wait
  1 seeing
  1 pawn
  1 braying
  1 chopped
  1 corralled
  1 screws
  1 ornament
  1 speared
  1 crop
  1 it'
  1 knight
  1 regretted
  1 dungareed
  1 smells
  1 authority
  1 project
  1 deprived
  1 crowding
  1 flesh
  1 ended
  1 check
  1 picking
  1 grunts
  1 ashore
  1 nature
  1 patent
  1 sheeted
  1 jungle
  1 fight
  1 despair
  1 delivering
  1 resembled
  1 rustle
  1 faced
  1 curl
  1 owned
  1 won't
  1 cabbage
  1 trouble
  1 just-consumed
  1 afternoon
  1 extricated
  1 unceremoniously
  1 source
  1 placating
  1 failed
  1 barrel
  1 really
  1 asking
  1 sweating
  1 amount
  1 allowing
  1 paddle
  1 boyhood
  1 knots
  1 police
  1 suspicion
  1 saddlebags
  1 show
  1 rejected
  1 sprayed
  1 uncomprehending
  1 feedbuckets
  1 scavenge
  1 occasionally
  1 debts
  1 mustaches
  1 colored
  1 wheel
  1 finish
  1 stabilized
  1 standpoint
  1 collapse
  1 absurdity
  1 weevils
  1 sail
  1 calculated
  1 patrol
  1 dedicate
  1 handling
  1 serious
  1 stink
  1 rose
  1 fine
  1 ceo's
  1 ponchos
  1 yours
  1 poor
  1 pork
  1 expanse
  1 feeding
  1 matted
  1 resulting
  1 watch
  1 doors
  1 drums
  1 eclipsing
  1 blue-sky
  1 immersed
  1 danger
  1 build
  1 harvest
  1 pouring
  1 empire
  1 pitching
  1 heavily
  1 gleam
  1 stains
  1 untying
  1 kneeling
  1 pile
  1 heft
  1 tingling
  1 regretfully
  1 word
  1 atop
  1 vegetable
  1 sustenance
  1 stare
  1 tapped
  1 hissed
  1 city
  1 trunks
  1 towns
  1 owner
  1 dizzy
  1 willows
  1 clippers
  1 dipped
  1 curled
  1 abreast
  1 assail
  1 line
  1 ingratiating
  1 shout
  1 fled
  1 rivulets
  1 inhale
  1 ankles
  1 partner
  1 spat
  1 genome
  1 luggage
  1 drunkards
  1 web
  1 eagerness
  1 partly
  1 patting
  1 dissolved
  1 job
  1 plus
  1 stained
  1 counting
  1 treadmill
  1 positioned
  1 unsaid
  1 earth
  1 high-capacity
  1 skins
  1 missed
  1 influences
  1 smitten
  1 burial
  1 considering
  1 expansion's
  1 open-fisted
  1 powered
  1 monitors
  1 outrageous
  1 arrived
  1 bump
  1 rotted
  1 difficult
  1 cities
  1 statistics
  1 business
  1 people's
  1 offered
  1 touristic
  1 inspect
  1 rendered
  1 stimulated
  1 motes
  1 healthful
  1 rainwater
  1 shelves
  1 abruptly
  1 apologize
  1 sluice
  1 plowed
  1 humanity
  1 eating
  1 expectantly
  1 stability
  1 creation
  1 bend
  1 patted
  1 caste
  1 helixes
  1 mobs
  1 anxious
  1 total
  1 grip
  1 development
  1 mine
  1 support
  1 ants
  1 petroleum
  1 huge
  1 adopted
  1 unless
  1 tumbled
  1 created
  1 complete
  1 portion
  1 kick
  1 dumped
  1 agriculture
  1 flowers
  1 pants
  1 hours
  1 haul
  1 disease
  1 rewound
  1 agree
  1 mate
  1 wood
  1 nakedness
  1 splintered
  1 create
  1 during
  1 wasting
  1 dodge
  1 bottom
  1 droplet-spattered
  1 assuaged
  1 hot
  1 equally
  1 muscled
  1 sheltering
  1 stirred
  1 amused
  1 lover
  1 fights
  1 obeisance
  1 whispered
  1 faint
  1 bleeding
  1 trait
  1 sexual
  1 sagging
  1 whir
  1 excite
  1 smell
  1 helplessly
  1 wolves
  1 adding
  1 rewind
  1 boulders
  1 distributed
  1 cramped
  1 wreck
  1 earrings
  1 pretense
  1 plan
  1 season's
  1 stubble
  1 ticking
  1 whimpered
  1 braid
  1 replaced
  1 beg
  1 hope
  1 forms
  1 whittled
  1 argument
  1 sheet
  1 height
  1 forty
  1 sweetness
  1 groan
  1 talk
  1 today
  1 construction
  1 splash
  1 heartbeat
  1 howled
  1 sati
  1 designed
  1 jacked
  1 extraction
  1 doorway
  1 clipper
  1 desperately
  1 shared
  1 hides
  1 subtle
  1 tail
  1 near-intelligence
  1 conoco
  1 comes
  1 last-minute
  1 released
  1 nettled
  1 bathing
  1 pooled
  1 four
  1 stringy
  1 definition
  1 fanned
  1 unfolding
  1 disappearing
  1 captain's
  1 fairly
  1 dawn
  1 greedily
  1 cartwheel
  1 wished
  1 arrival
  1 yowls
  1 furtive
  1 ingredients
  1 meat
  1 lip
  1 breathed
  1 entire
  1 coldly
  1 slobbering
  1 wick
  1 grass
  1 previously
  1 friend's
  1 saris
  1 plastic
  1 broadened
  1 cycle
  1 shafts
  1 burdened
  1 spreads
  1 pulsing
  1 helping
  1 erased
  1 feet
  1 tie
  1 toweled
  1 bag
  1 appleseed
  1 directions
  1 worn
  1 factotums
  1 hill
  1 speck
  1 dumping
  1 snake
  1 kicking
  1 chances
  1 matched
  1 patrons
  1 blocking
  1 main
  1 calculate
  1 erode
  1 upward
  1 supports
  1 virtuous
  1 he's
  1 rib
  1 obstructing
  1 tear
  1 contorting
  1 111
  1 alley's
  1 roots
  1 protein
  1 meal
  1 woke
  1 charles
  1 buy
  1 creeks
  1 refuge
  1 god
  1 subject
  1 orange
  1 murmured
  1 basement
  1 squash
  1 gravity
  1 contraction
  1 paired
  1 vishnu
  1 half-awake
  1 bollywood
  1 uncertain
  1 ohio
  1 turning
  1 loomed
  1 throw
  1 cheek
  1 silty
  1 swagger
  1 lacking
  1 tousled
  1 terrible
  1 pushed
  1 molded
  1 thrown
  1 canisters
  1 debris
  1 fickle
  1 lifted
  1 neighbors
  1 calling
  1 assurance
  1 shoreline
  1 understanding
  1 livesalmon
  1 sheer
  1 representative
  1 sky
  1 beginning
  1 smuggling
  1 pressing
  1 dreaming
  1 residue
  1 stealthily
  1 accidental
  1 damn
  1 slow
  1 instinct
  1 ignore
  1 yanked
  1 alerted
  1 disappearance
  1 possibility
  1 hanuman
  1 match
  1 sooner
  1 knowledgeable
  1 mornings
  1 populations
  1 labors
  1 tangle
  1 southern
  1 buzzed
  1 visit
  1 hovels
  1 climb
  1 predator
  1 bloody
  1 stubby
  1 variety
  1 account
  1 killers
  1 nervous
  1 alone
  1 mistake
  1 haze
  1 we're
  1 conveniently
  1 bred
  1 surface
  1 correctly
  1 attract
  1 abandoning
  1 bastardizing
  1 complaining
  1 mass
  1 grieving
  1 snorted
  1 beacons
  1 together
  1 embarrassed
  1 unused
  1 scatter
  1 suburbs
  1 absolute
  1 freckled
  1 photo
  1 hazy
  1 lesser
  1 barking
  1 handful
  1 embedded
  1 alcohol
  1 businessman's
  1 continent
  1 wandered
  1 shaken
  1 games
  1 cages
  1 later
  1 purple
  1 spattering
  1 self-deprecating
  1 footpath
  1 ex-calorie
  1 gushed
  1 metal
  1 crows
  1 understand
  1 songbird
  1 prodded
  1 lewis
  1 half-decayed
  1 turn
  1 polluted
  1 template
  1 ingratiatingly
  1 resolved
  1 thick
  1 starving
  1 shame
  1 thali
  1 thoughts
  1 grower
  1 engaged
  1 floundering
  1 answer
  1 beards
  1 oil
  1 gutters
  1 harder
  1 illinois
  1 iowa
  1 chips
  1 biting
  1 mouths
  1 pistol
  1 pedal
  1 distinct
  1 earlier
  1 civilization
  1 dusty
  1 one-way
  1 surround
  1 wolfed
  1 moments
  1 smuggled
  1 accountants'
  1 glistening
  1 collection
  1 remains
  1 group
  1 buildings
  1 payment
  1 tranquil
  1 removed
  1 accepted
  1 sense
  1 ocean
  1 bed
  1 gazed
  1 molt
  1 scrutiny
  1 laughter
  1 rock
  1 illeg
  1 undaunted
  1 risky
  1 paying
  1 worries
  1 miss
  1 tractable
  1 sending
  1 reach
  1 farming
  1 disk
  1 rested
  1 reliable
  1 tantrum
  1 reassuringly
  1 unrestrained
  1 kali
  1 memories
  1 brute's
  1 chaperone
  1 beautiful
  1 bicycles
  1 stones
  1 undulation
  1 breeze
  1 steadied
  1 digest
  1 become
  1 lute
  1 strike
  1 motions
  1 paaaapy
  1 wounded
  1 exterminate
  1 starvation
  1 fit
  1 maaaammy
  1 follow
  1 piece
  1 effort
  1 wagged
  1 astonishing
  1 cleansing
  1 chasing
  1 sliding
  1 mop
  1 plate
  1 practice
  1 corporate
  1 fertile
  1 bundled
  1 forgot
  1 depleted
  1 data
  1 ignored
  1 fed
  1 anchors
  1 gust
  1 pirate
  1 cranked
  1 succession
  1 mechanism
  1 skippers
  1 ganesha's
  1 thinking
  1 lalj
  1 gleamed
  1 nervously
  1 guards
  1 heart
  1 answering
  1 challenging
  1 authoritative
  1 respond
  1 india
  1 america
  1 chest
  1 nooo
  1 interested
  1 mush
  1 encourage
  1 growing
  1 foretelling
  1 mechanical
  1 trophy
  1 theirs
  1 cups
  1 love
  1 leg
  1 wishing
  1 thrashed
  1 scabbed
  1 herself
  1 kind
  1 roosters
  1 unpatented
  1 bowels
  1 chew
  1 hyper-developed
  1 paddling
  1 licensed
  1 stories
  1 facial
  1 lock
  1 tipped
  1 whole
  1 logos
  1 sturdy
  1 miles
  1 steep
  1 eggplants
  1 lifetimes
  1 whether
  1 flung
  1 states
  1 collapsing
  1 needed
  1 horror
  1 boots
  1 uprooted
  1 muster
  1 snort
  1 dog's
  1 harvested
  1 nose
  1 sadness
  1 straining
  1 complaint
  1 thanks
  1 expensive
  1 halt
  1 spattered
  1 bone
  1 shredded
  1 flood
  1 combat
  1 sacred
  1 siding
  1 sighing
  1 fantasies
  1 impulsiveness
  1 obscure
  1 greedy
  1 fleets
  1 timbers
  1 responding
  1 electric
  1 sobbed
  1 seize
  1 stores
  1 special
  1 hovel
  1 weight
  1 discover
  1 leaning
  1 changed
  1 fees
  1 decks
  1 pieces
  1 molted
  1 ripping
  1 peachfuzzed
  1 metallic
  1 stairway
  1 nodding
  1 palms
  1 antique
  1 nestled
  1 panic
  1 planking
  1 greased
  1 hiss
  1 bird
  1 double
  1 sly
  1 cibiscosis
  1 hoped
  1 remnant
  1 cleansings
  1 rarities
  1 blown
  1 awash
  1 basmati
  1 brief
  1 crushed
  1 protectors
  1 calico
  1 trademarked
  1 marriageable
  1 year
  1 island
  1 cross
  1 ripe
  1 cringed
  1 ilk
  1 curious
  1 sweet
  1 bloodied
  1 armored
  1 ceiling
  1 sprawled
  1 honed
  1 photos
  1 gagging
  1 offering
  1 appleseeds
  1 overflowing
  1 passenger
  1 whuff
  1 sun-cracked
  1 crawling
  1 information
  1 clink
  1 glimpse
  1 diminished
  1 gearings
  1 delivered
  1 unruly
  1 thousand
  1 shapes
  1 wealth
  1 excessive
  1 half-dozen
  1 happen
  1 quietly
  1 haplessly
  1 agreeing
  1 slipping
  1 silently
  1 sorts
  1 elephant-headed
  1 neither
  1 compound
  1 confident
  1 unbelievably
  1 foundations
  1 network
  1 thickened
  1 theories
  1 joints
  1 knows
  1 cats
  1 clawed
  1 benevolent
  1 stayed
  1 fruitful
  1 moon
  1 crinkling
  1 drumming
  1 nonetheless
  1 acrid
  1 blinking
  1 kindness
  1 remotest
  1 handlight's
  1 secrecy
  1 cultivated
  1 avoid
  1 tight
  1 weren't
  1 recall
  1 inlet
  1 shrine
  1 percent
  1 caked
  1 warm
  1 owe
  1 ached
  1 ruins
  1 drag
  1 boy's
  1 shrug
  1 stars
  1 burying
  1 strong
  1 shipment
  1 brine
  1 narcotic
  1 teak
  1 fairies
  1 doubtful
  1 dead-end
  1 advanced
  1 trusses
  1 burdens
  1 wonderfully
  1 dedicated
  1 billowing
  1 demand
  1 intention
  1 stillness
  1 undulated
  1 clique
  1 beaten
  1 master
  1 blanket
  1 hunting
  1 strangers
  1 marking
  1 concern
  1 brood
  1 deeply
  1 musculature
  1 stopped
  1 farmer
  1 blunt
  1 resentful
  1 fishing
  1 screen
  1 molestation
  1 slick
  1 owed
  1 breed
  1 rani
  1 state
  1 arguing
  1 drift
  1 sand
  1 vitamins
  1 doubtfully
  1 rain-glossed
  1 plenty
  1 droppings
  1 accretions
  1 clogged
  1 secured
  1 incense
  1 disbelief
  1 unbidden
  1 farmers
  1 quotas
  1 fly
  1 backwards
  1 least
  1 less
  1 horizon
  1 galley
  1 narrowly
  1 hull
  1 insects
  1 pasting
  1 snare
  1 cargo
  1 idol
  1 tucked
  1 tasted
  1 flows
  1 approached
  1 weapons
  1 disgusted
  1 disintegrated
  1 rodents
  1 stuck
  1 pinning
  1 kink
  1 uniform
  1 flanks
  1 pantomimes
  1 handfuls
  1 crashing
  1 hauling
  1 implied
  1 plantings
  1 vision
  1 bootfalls
  1 flitted
  1 cloth
  1 bits
  1 circle
  1 duty
  1 displacement
  1 described
  1 cast
  1 ninety-two
  1 indicate
  1 clogging
  1 attacking
  1 anticipating
  1 query
  1 bags
  1 periphery
  1 beckoned
  1 palm
  1 cumbrous
  1 rammed
  1 hour
  1 malleable
  1 passing
  1 shoulders
  1 webbing
  1 hanging
  1 vegetal
  1 carcass
  1 dismissively
  1 grew
  1 chewed
  1 shingles
  1 doubled
  1 optimum
  1 fault
  1 looped
  1 spanning
  1 defrayed
  1 complained
  1 upstanding
  1 thrashing
  1 given
  1 joining
  1 kitchen
  1 certainly
  1 decomposed
  1 arched
  1 clothes
  1 lugged
  1 avenues
  1 nostrils
  1 protest
  1 noooo
  1 obstacles
  1 bury
  1 hiding
  1 ruddy
  1 incensed
  1 departing
  1 complacently
  1 dwindled
  1 kneel
  1 desperation
  1 profit
  1 remover
  1 complement
  1 anchored
  1 kameez
  1 parts
  1 likely
  1 territory
  1 fourteen
  1 fumbling
  1 weeds
  1 passage
  1 put
  1 roofs
  1 dealers
  1 mammoth
  1 province
  1 lengths
  1 waggled
  1 struck
  1 sighed
  1 composter
  1 blights
  1 plank
  1 catching
  1 unpatentable
  1 filtered
  1 laughing
  1 dandelions
  1 yearning
  1 secret
  1 urge
  1 rickshaws
  1 visited
  1 traits
  1 i've
  1 farmer's
  1 monocultures
  1 breathe
  1 investors
  1 salt
  1 stamped
  1 braids
  1 ritual
  1 cling
  1 women
  1 gateway
  1 fantasized
  1 scavenged
  1 verify
  1 receipts
  1 latched
  1 racing
  1 gymnasium
  1 draped
  1 fully
  1 repumped
  1 ties
  1 destruction
  1 consider
  1 resists
  1 break
  1 slash-resistant
  1 dangling
  1 shone
  1 suppose
  1 slavering
  1 tiredly
  1 inched
  1 current's
  1 pyre
  1 imagination
  1 vines
  1 rain-stained
  1 drew
  1 sign's
  1 cantaloupe
  1 gap
  1 hallucinations
  1 cornrows
  1 faded
  1 planted
  1 shattered
  1 traceless
  1 involved
  1 pulses
  1 children's
  1 shoes
  1 worthy
  1 catches
  1 licenses
  1 fourth
  1 legible
  1 intact
  1 surroundings
  1 ash
  1 thudded
  1 appeared
  1 misdirection
  1 crackling
  1 deserts
  1 swarmed
  1 paolo
  1 compare
  1 markets
  1 devotions
  1 pretending
  1 view
  1 lethargic
  1 glad
  1 fellows
  1 profitable
  1 sit
  1 touch
  1 unable
  1 spitting
  1 alive
  1 mulie
  1 mangle
  1 bloated
  1 easier
  1 species
  1 honest
  1 wanted
  1 gurgling
  1 wants
  1 tongue
  1 witlessly
  1 apparently
  1 somewhat
  1 dressed
  1 beasts
  1 bustling
  1 boarders
  1 slathered
  1 haven't
  1 chirped
  1 ready
  1 tradewinds
  1 echoed
  1 sparse
  1 ostentatious
  1 fill
  1 blot
  1 buckled
  1 shipped
  1 laid
  1 dreams
  1 exchanged
  1 tomatoes
  1 chiles
  1 polished
  1 potential
  1 pale
  1 travel
  1 sharp
  1 alleys
  1 devils
  1 inviting
  1 stacked
  1 sheaves
  1 bank
  1 keel
  1 gang
  1 fleeing
  1 carved
  1 sweeps
  1 resistant
  1 flecks
  1 evolutionary
  1 none
  1 shoulder
  1 flotsam
  1 pool
  1 smaller
  1 fascination
  1 linked
  1 wasted
  1 recalled
  1 strange
  1 blew
  1 knees
  1 ton
  1 gun's
  1 indicating
  1 chennai
  1 wife
  1 obsessed
  1 lumped
  1 captives
  1 pallets
  1 startle
  1 risks
  1 polymers
  1 abandoned
  1 slightly
  1 oils
  1 weighed
  1 inspected
  1 mother
  1 growers
  1 trade
  1 honor
  1 sluicing
  1 road
  1 lugging
  1 guy
  1 longer
  1 windup
  1 royalties
  1 traveled
  1 leash
  1 surprising
  1 murk
  1 ribboned
  1 folates
  1 well-arrayed
  1 quiver
  1 swinging
  1 executive
  1 wadded
  1 beneath
  1 reached
  1 pedaled
  1 overwhelming
  1 windows
  1 bony
  1 tazi's
  1 opponents
  1 walls
  1 friendship
  1 pond
  1 twist
  1 sensitized
  1 straw
  1 lamps
  1 dues
  1 drying
  1 livelihood
  1 morality
  1 believe
  1 quickly
  1 trailing
  1 moving
  1 hardwoods
  1 glances
  1 noncommittally
  1 relieved
  1 orb
  1 rushed
  1 served
  1 darkened
  1 diwali
  1 ah
  1 secure
  1 rooted
  1 useless
  1 winced
  1 dizzying
  1 conspiracy
  1 further
  1 curling
  1 tit-for-tat
  1 glare
  1 weatherall's
  1 puzzling
  1 protectively
  1 hard
  1 width
  1 balding
  1 number
  1 battle
  1 rocked
  1 flickering
  1 error
  1 totalnutrient
  1 surveyed
  1 called
  1 realize
  1 dialects
  1 stealth
  1 glowed
  1 toppled
  1 floating
  1 associate
  1 knotted
  1 quivering
  1 neighbors'
  1 scolding
  1 looming
  1 levered
  1 wrecked
  1 protested
  1 moorings
  1 margins
  1 second-rate
  1 winders
  1 helmet
  1 lazily
  1 identical
  1 sunken
  1 scale
  1 pollen
  1 therefore
  1 heels
  1 leveled
  1 unbalanceable
  1 tradition
  1 ruin
  1 promising
  1 unknown
  1 bared
  1 ponderous
  1 adjusted
  1 underwear
  1 crowded
  1 cried
  1 breaking
  1 question
  1 unprovoked
  1 corpses
  1 creatures
  1 offended
  1 which
  1 carried
  1 bulb
  1 bled
  1 scents
  1 shaking
  1 pull
  1 fences
  1 sheds
  1 bacigalupi
  1 fringe
  1 meters
  1 mid-morning
  1 struggling
  1 color
  1 agreement
  1 targets
  1 visible
  1 onward
  1 cascade
  1 boarding
  1 fancy
  1 geneticist
  1 logo
  1 wending
  1 bigger
  1 damp
  1 former
  1 repeated
  1 swallow
  1 subjected
  1 pink
  1 ignoring
  1 papers
  1 polymer
  1 devolved
  1 pure
  1 broach
  1 missouri
  1 herd
  1 streaking
  1 cradle
  1 caused
  1 audible
  1 pierced
  1 roti
  1 bother
  1 disinterest
  1 shipping
  1 loading
  1 sunflower
  1 ruined
  1 seeking
  1 claimed
  1 peers
  1 books
  1 nutriwheat
  1 gentle
  1 rebar
  1 licensing
  1 likes
  1 geneticists
  1 uncoordinated
  1 patented
  1 rolling
  1 illuminate
  1 try
  1 stems
  1 royalty
  1 circled
  1 zones
  1 fell
  1 pockets
  1 genetically
  1 slant
  1 hand-painted
  1 killed
  1 posed
  1 accountants
  1 shape
  1 cynically
  1 formidable
  1 sunbeams
  1 badly
  1 interrupting
  1 scattered
  1 guess
  1 script
  1 photographs
  1 swift
  1 ancient
  1 swatches
  1 scent
  1 sponsor
  1 north
  1 pane
  1 isolation
  1 swaddling
  1 owner's
  1 waves
  1 joined
  1 interrupted
  1 bathed
  1 gaps
  1 bangles
  1 unlicensed
  1 dock
  1 heartland
  1 inspections
  1 dirigibles
  1 weather
  1 iridesced
  1 illumination
  1 unmoored
  1 floated
  1 f-five
  1 hesitant
  1 either
  1 common
  1 sleepers
  1 drown
  1 unlocking
  1 discarded
  1 heavier
  1 chase
  1 twice
  1 cracking
  1 wouldn't
  1 prone
  1 jealously
  1 can't
  1 accustomed
  1 wrung
  1 tan
  1 artery
  1 skies
  1 noticed
  1 century
  1 blighted
  1 genehacks
  1 agreed
  1 cycle-rickshaws
  1 unjacked
  1 tossed
  1 gigajoules
  1 cry
  1 smiles
  1 journey
  1 sadhu
  1 filled
  1 crickets
  1 housing
  1 string
  1 club
  1 rustled
  1 gently
  1 prepared
  1 pool's
  1 accident
  1 reason
  1 shielding
  1 fitting
  1 opportunist
  1 labored
  1 stage
  1 core
  1 billboards
  1 termite-ridden
  1 elephants
  1 irritated
  1 clung
  1 glorious
  1 stretched
  1 size
  1 politely
  1 estimates
  1 watering
  1 invisible
  1 moor
  1 fired
  1 ruff
  1 unearthed
  1 reckless
  1 thrum
  1 pump
  1 pushing
  1 helped
  1 mirrored
  1 continue
  1 bees
  1 pathetic
  1 acid
  1 short
  1 assent
  1 filling
  1 despite
  1 resighted
  1 dal
  1 melt
  1 wakened
  1 arrayed
  1 mahogany
  1 majority
  1 enlightenment
  1 sacking
  1 minutes
  1 corpse
  1 yowling
  1 confidence
  1 porch
  1 box
  1 lentils
  1 guilt
  1 pestresis
  1 dried
  1 sprouted
  1 lolled
  1 soybeans
  1 loyal
  1 fast-gen
  1 streaked
  1 toys
  1 sides
  1 cuckolds
  1 lank
  1 cottonwoods
  1 rusting
  1 stalled
  1 retort
  1 march
  1 crumbled
  1 safe
  1 prostrated
  1 fellow
  1 intelligent
  1 feral
  1 lot
  1 greed
  1 hollow-eyed
  1 emerald
  1 hulls
  1 clot
  1 growth
  1 chin
  1 scampering
  1 owns
  1 spent
  1 stick
  1 avoided
  1 scuffle
  1 misplaced
  1 hoarse
  1 dashed
  1 loss
  1 brain
  1 enclave
  1 halo
  1 foundation
  1 rail
  1 releasing
  1 shake
  1 taste
  1 drop
  1 stupid
  1 weaving
  1 planet
  1 root
  1 unwind
  1 semantics
  1 moved
  1 reduced
  1 ridiculously
  1 stay
  1 greasy
  1 blindly
  1 scientists
  1 carroll
  1 perspective
  1 collage
  1 urchin's
  1 pupils
  1 answers
  1 ostentatiously
  1 guarded
  1 gives
  1 shames
  1 privilege
  1 lapping
  1 unhurt
  1 barrier
  1 gasoline
  1 decay
  1 skittered
  1 above
  1 destroy
  1 idly
  1 consumed
  1 leashes
  1 excreted
  1 bandoliers
  1 noise

693.

The Fluted Girl - Paolo Bacigalupi : z non-fiction - z concordance - 3.0 

The Fluted Girl

  476 the
  324 her
  224 and
  193 she
  189 to
  189 of
  154 a
  150 belari
  148 s
  143 lidia
  120 you
  115 he
  110 was
  95 in
  90 it
  77 had
  76 i
  74 as
  73 that
  72 at
  71 for
  64 they
  60 their
  60 his
  57 with
  54 from
  53 would
  53 but
  50 burson
  47 on
  46 stephen
  44 be
  39 eyes
  39 nia
  39 them
  36 girl
  36 t
  36 vernon
  36 fluted
  35 have
  35 like
  34 if
  34 not
  32 no
  32 then
  30 we
  30 smiled
  28 into
  27 been
  26 were
  26 out
  25 what
  25 when
  25 head
  24 him
  24 thought
  23 one
  21 me
  21 all
  21 want
  21 are
  21 herself
  21 through
  20 could
  20 said
  20 more
  20 will
  20 up
  20 sister
  20 around
  19 by
  19 your
  19 looked
  19 is
  19 time
  18 away
  18 back
  18 guests
  18 body
  18 now
  17 girls
  17 own
  17 face
  17 an
  17 skin
  17 mirriam
  17 pale
  17 do
  17 shook
  16 weir
  16 made
  16 turned
  15 people
  15 or
  15 hands
  15 my
  15 servants
  15 again
  15 watched
  15 too
  14 there
  14 ll
  14 vial
  14 don
  14 down
  14 so
  14 before
  13 already
  13 look
  13 still
  13 m
  13 hand
  13 hidey-hole
  12 slipped
  12 who
  12 about
  12 though
  12 fief
  11 even
  11 smiling
  11 wondered
  11 behind
  11 this
  11 where
  11 only
  11 against
  11 stood
  11 re
  11 over
  11 held
  11 nodded
  11 place
  10 studied
  10 never
  10 bones
  10 great
  10 than
  10 took
  10 came
  10 delicate
  10 know
  10 other
  10 another
  10 yes
  10 how
  10 room
  9 flesh
  9 moment
  9 without
  9 much
  9 good
  9 make
  9 here
  9 small
  8 shrugged
  8 can
  8 stone
  8 nothing
  8 happy
  8 table
  8 fingers
  8 amongst
  8 security
  8 castle
  8 under
  8 long
  8 just
  8 sometimes
  8 pantry
  8 between
  8 always
  8 well
  8 strawberry
  8 town
  8 until
  8 star
  8 first
  7 knew
  7 everything
  7 red
  7 pressed
  7 places
  7 its
  7 sweet
  7 come
  7 carefully
  7 tiny
  7 true
  7 ve
  7 walk
  7 performance
  7 once
  7 didn
  7 angry
  7 us
  7 moved
  7 search
  6 going
  6 gone
  6 off
  6 both
  6 whispered
  6 staff
  6 watching
  6 arm
  6 our
  6 beautiful
  6 patron
  6 might
  6 each
  6 full
  6 keys
  6 did
  6 servant
  6 became
  6 stars
  6 notes
  6 almost
  6 felt
  6 music
  6 hiding
  6 surgeries
  6 touch
  6 within
  6 tongue
  6 world
  6 man
  6 hall
  6 pleasure
  6 madame
  6 far
  6 sound
  6 found
  6 tingle
  6 champagne
  6 floor
  6 selfish
  6 looking
  6 began
  6 along
  6 gift
  6 perhaps
  6 snow
  5 everyone
  5 ran
  5 told
  5 breath
  5 should
  5 final
  5 green
  5 perfect
  5 go
  5 black
  5 caught
  5 near
  5 silent
  5 many
  5 revitia
  5 life
  5 way
  5 bodies
  5 kept
  5 gave
  5 soon
  5 woman
  5 after
  5 new
  5 bone
  5 attention
  5 voice
  5 stock
  5 smile
  5 hardly
  5 find
  5 let
  5 tonight
  5 mountain
  5 fragile
  5 kitchen
  5 forced
  5 am
  5 seemed
  5 asked
  5 applause
  5 walls
  5 laughed
  5 fear
  5 across
  5 while
  5 such
  5 see
  5 enough
  5 despite
  5 loyal
  5 safe
  5 years
  5 brown
  5 high
  4 lights
  4 death
  4 hide
  4 blush
  4 think
  4 white
  4 narrowed
  4 shelves
  4 steel
  4 open
  4 replaced
  4 climbed
  4 lips
  4 every
  4 mouth
  4 running
  4 say
  4 together
  4 touched
  4 past
  4 move
  4 careful
  4 practice
  4 sorry
  4 shadows
  4 love
  4 feeling
  4 two
  4 close
  4 any
  4 mountains
  4 very
  4 warm
  4 master
  4 deep
  4 some
  4 yet
  4 mistress
  4 busy
  4 inside
  4 put
  4 won
  4 shift
  4 children
  4 break
  4 must
  4 parents
  4 lost
  4 soft
  4 flushed
  4 because
  4 slightly
  4 air
  4 gaze
  4 story
  4 hard
  4 remember
  4 slowly
  4 musical
  4 instead
  4 touchsense
  4 training
  4 finally
  4 fell
  4 amber
  4 quiet
  4 suddenly
  4 throat
  4 armor
  4 lay
  4 play
  3 serve
  3 thank
  3 worked
  3 eye
  3 matter
  3 things
  3 price
  3 famous
  3 selected
  3 poor
  3 punishments
  3 waiting
  3 treatments
  3 jars
  3 stroked
  3 position
  3 capture
  3 entertainment
  3 center
  3 physical
  3 old
  3 bore
  3 valley
  3 grip
  3 control
  3 below
  3 frozen
  3 beams
  3 closely
  3 jar
  3 late
  3 pendant
  3 paused
  3 meat
  3 feet
  3 blue
  3 talking
  3 surprised
  3 float
  3 fist
  3 dark
  3 care
  3 quick
  3 beside
  3 slight
  3 alone
  3 tunnels
  3 those
  3 beyond
  3 couldn
  3 understand
  3 understood
  3 conversation
  3 please
  3 creature
  3 end
  3 strain
  3 hunt
  3 rest
  3 strength
  3 pleased
  3 feel
  3 breathing
  3 heart
  3 d
  3 skill
  3 someone
  3 kind
  3 sure
  3 nose
  3 expensive
  3 silence
  3 finger
  3 strawberries
  3 berry
  3 hidden
  3 grow
  3 allowed
  3 monster
  3 most
  3 bracelet
  3 wind
  3 part
  3 wrist
  3 seen
  3 tight
  3 sweat
  3 bringing
  3 hunting
  3 satisfaction
  3 gasped
  3 ski
  3 last
  3 bright
  3 toward
  3 summer
  3 blended
  3 hold
  3 free
  3 rich
  3 others
  3 liked
  3 glass
  3 squeezed
  3 protest
  3 sighed
  3 attack
  3 disappeared
  3 twins
  3 suppose
  3 glanced
  3 markets
  3 himself
  3 view
  3 freedom
  3 loved
  3 led
  3 broken
  3 tania
  3 peered
  3 longer
  3 being
  3 reached
  3 windows
  3 different
  3 trained
  3 wrists
  3 hurried
  3 pornography
  3 which
  3 folded
  3 color
  3 pay
  3 got
  3 tension
  3 take
  3 lose
  3 pines
  3 edge
  3 dining
  3 tried
  3 eyed
  3 bitter
  3 gently
  3 tell
  3 leave
  3 stage
  3 flower
  3 acting
  3 fortress
  3 sniffed
  3 simply
  3 lentils
  3 mouse
  3 perform
  3 saw
  3 structure
  2 stubbornly
  2 learned
  2 taken
  2 strained
  2 gray
  2 wait
  2 elaborate
  2 grasp
  2 skeleton
  2 beauty
  2 market
  2 tables
  2 raspberry
  2 ear
  2 knelt
  2 few
  2 obedience
  2 cornflower
  2 serious
  2 wrenched
  2 keep
  2 cheeses
  2 interest
  2 immortal
  2 saying
  2 yourself
  2 heavily
  2 known
  2 suspicions
  2 rage
  2 serving
  2 pulse
  2 emotion
  2 set
  2 secrets
  2 skins
  2 young
  2 brow
  2 froze
  2 bump
  2 difficult
  2 wiped
  2 offered
  2 important
  2 stroking
  2 lupine
  2 erotic
  2 wet
  2 boreholes
  2 doing
  2 get
  2 flowers
  2 plump
  2 hours
  2 shock
  2 bad
  2 something
  2 afford
  2 deeper
  2 tiger
  2 chosen
  2 darkness
  2 obeisance
  2 call
  2 jewel
  2 rising
  2 cramped
  2 cell-knitters
  2 matching
  2 height
  2 right
  2 fix
  2 hungry
  2 breathed
  2 whatever
  2 weak
  2 showing
  2 hair
  2 media
  2 lifting
  2 opening
  2 popped
  2 slate
  2 stolen
  2 nowhere
  2 provide
  2 pushed
  2 electricity
  2 betray
  2 beginning
  2 investment
  2 patient
  2 case
  2 ago
  2 nervous
  2 little
  2 mistake
  2 crack
  2 swept
  2 original
  2 picked
  2 aircars
  2 guessed
  2 closets
  2 fortune
  2 goods
  2 wandered
  2 possible
  2 pheromones
  2 truly
  2 enhancements
  2 ferns
  2 thoughts
  2 run
  2 features
  2 letting
  2 waved
  2 aside
  2 obedient
  2 revealed
  2 accepted
  2 laughter
  2 miss
  2 patience
  2 coasts
  2 trembling
  2 strike
  2 fit
  2 discovery
  2 continued
  2 effort
  2 aristocracy
  2 refreshment
  2 meats
  2 aware
  2 stops
  2 rebellion
  2 flinch
  2 leaves
  2 sliding
  2 plate
  2 hollow
  2 fed
  2 legs
  2 struggled
  2 chest
  2 orchid
  2 fall
  2 work
  2 comfort
  2 grown
  2 stories
  2 went
  2 swirling
  2 tones
  2 send
  2 wisdom
  2 punished
  2 trembled
  2 wouldn
  2 weight
  2 admirers
  2 melancholy
  2 crept
  2 audience
  2 however
  2 kitchens
  2 valuable
  2 crushed
  2 rooms
  2 eager
  2 sought
  2 year
  2 subjects
  2 diaphanous
  2 bustled
  2 orchids
  2 wealth
  2 ducked
  2 wall
  2 silently
  2 doctor
  2 warning
  2 shifted
  2 upon
  2 tore
  2 victim
  2 blond
  2 dress
  2 making
  2 bowed
  2 bear
  2 heard
  2 muslin
  2 sharpened
  2 pet
  2 weeks
  2 least
  2 guided
  2 dance
  2 increased
  2 independent
  2 quieted
  2 elfin
  2 instruments
  2 meaningfully
  2 same
  2 merely
  2 crowd
  2 slashed
  2 themselves
  2 shoulders
  2 choose
  2 sent
  2 leaving
  2 property
  2 younger
  2 orders
  2 lush
  2 spread
  2 clothes
  2 broke
  2 playing
  2 missing
  2 feed
  2 space
  2 patrols
  2 laughing
  2 yearning
  2 preparing
  2 secret
  2 jewels
  2 collar
  2 patronage
  2 colors
  2 controlled
  2 public
  2 pits
  2 day
  2 able
  2 single
  2 drew
  2 shattered
  2 pulled
  2 ever
  2 hurt
  2 dogs
  2 glad
  2 sit
  2 hung
  2 cared
  2 dressed
  2 friend
  2 none
  2 youth
  2 followed
  2 shoulder
  2 straightened
  2 halls
  2 greenery
  2 brighter
  2 frustration
  2 lieges
  2 empty
  2 mother
  2 give
  2 unique
  2 smooth
  2 entwined
  2 executive
  2 scanned
  2 touches
  2 jackals
  2 imagining
  2 hid
  2 desire
  2 hers
  2 moving
  2 drizzled
  2 influence
  2 waited
  2 exploded
  2 looming
  2 step
  2 charged
  2 best
  2 interrogation
  2 names
  2 cried
  2 breaking
  2 also
  2 wired
  2 compliance
  2 twin
  2 pull
  2 lungs
  2 sped
  2 bigger
  2 pad
  2 fondly
  2 low
  2 blown-glass
  2 ruined
  2 join
  2 proffered
  2 gentle
  2 likes
  2 piled
  2 surrounded
  2 depredations
  2 current
  2 catch
  2 forth
  2 ghostly
  2 afraid
  2 human
  2 vacuum
  2 jewelry
  2 walked
  2 complex
  2 noticed
  2 agreed
  2 tossed
  2 closed
  2 cry
  2 closer
  2 has
  2 scowled
  2 glance
  2 stiffened
  2 massive
  2 bottle
  2 stretched
  2 paid
  2 mattered
  2 guilt
  2 gleaming
  2 threading
  2 pigment
  2 drops
  2 feral
  2 clouds
  2 stomach
  2 cream
  2 brought
  2 whisper
  2 sadly
  2 scars
  2 spared
  2 sensing
  2 loss
  2 actress
  2 hips
  2 taste
  2 returned
  2 party
  2 frowned
  2 placing
  2 embraces
  2 appearance
  2 thin
  1 performances
  1 fanning
  1 aid
  1 dropped
  1 engineered
  1 scab
  1 charges
  1 expressions
  1 glinting
  1 clinging
  1 sore
  1 terrifying
  1 silly
  1 throes
  1 wild
  1 land
  1 sheathed
  1 seeing
  1 favor
  1 niels
  1 activity
  1 poking
  1 outward
  1 presence
  1 swings
  1 setting
  1 blossom
  1 dwarfed
  1 freezers
  1 upright
  1 reacting
  1 humiliated
  1 fiercely
  1 ladies
  1 share
  1 irregularities
  1 naked
  1 showers
  1 note
  1 supported
  1 faced
  1 owned
  1 crisscrossing
  1 lift
  1 top
  1 failed
  1 striking
  1 crinkled
  1 tight-lipped
  1 sweating
  1 destiny
  1 puckered
  1 garnished
  1 directly
  1 amount
  1 tornado
  1 comfortably
  1 hear
  1 blyst
  1 slyly
  1 misguided
  1 precipice
  1 designing
  1 show
  1 uncomprehending
  1 companion
  1 celebrity
  1 roved
  1 wheel
  1 crease
  1 collapse
  1 acceptance
  1 nutrient
  1 artist
  1 gardens
  1 trickled
  1 mite
  1 curiously
  1 arriving
  1 rocks
  1 liquid
  1 fine
  1 better
  1 hunted
  1 yours
  1 jackal
  1 roared
  1 waking
  1 anymore
  1 irises
  1 expanse
  1 thickly
  1 utterly
  1 trailed
  1 men
  1 lords
  1 watch
  1 installing
  1 build
  1 reserves
  1 sliced
  1 victory
  1 subjecting
  1 butterfly
  1 drugs
  1 appetites
  1 arms
  1 embraced
  1 building
  1 tapped
  1 hissed
  1 congratulation
  1 disgust
  1 punish
  1 hammered
  1 flaring
  1 orbs
  1 dizzy
  1 playground
  1 hated
  1 freezing
  1 recognize
  1 kissed
  1 admiring
  1 dipped
  1 bulky
  1 sweaty
  1 ruling
  1 yellow
  1 whenever
  1 digital
  1 stunned
  1 glistened
  1 spectators
  1 counterpoint
  1 wonderful
  1 country
  1 barbaric
  1 obvious
  1 crafting
  1 adulation
  1 faustian
  1 grace
  1 wire
  1 wiring
  1 giant
  1 met
  1 leader
  1 flared
  1 need
  1 unintentional
  1 does
  1 missed
  1 peering
  1 performed
  1 immortality
  1 disgusting
  1 process
  1 impatient
  1 dais
  1 polite
  1 lunch
  1 bring
  1 blacksmiths
  1 playful
  1 sight
  1 knowing
  1 infrared
  1 hidey-holes
  1 grimaced
  1 drifted
  1 power
  1 dug
  1 arranging
  1 period
  1 tears
  1 forbidden
  1 pads
  1 spied
  1 artistry
  1 summers
  1 hams
  1 traditions
  1 trays
  1 eating
  1 ache
  1 creation
  1 meadows
  1 high-stored
  1 anxious
  1 sculptural
  1 surviving
  1 excitement
  1 submit
  1 surgery
  1 existence
  1 brittle
  1 termination
  1 global
  1 crawls
  1 created
  1 clotted
  1 unaware
  1 brilliant
  1 unperturbed
  1 pheromone
  1 summoning
  1 chilled
  1 legume
  1 stain
  1 disease
  1 parting
  1 adorned
  1 tortures
  1 agree
  1 blinkless
  1 chased
  1 harassing
  1 wavering
  1 wood
  1 structured
  1 anyway
  1 colorful
  1 spray
  1 blur
  1 columbine
  1 clasping
  1 streets
  1 edges
  1 wasting
  1 comforting
  1 altered
  1 clues
  1 gall
  1 materialized
  1 pitying
  1 sculpted
  1 genetics
  1 schools
  1 sk
  1 furrows
  1 critically
  1 aster
  1 revealing
  1 maimed
  1 twirled
  1 sad
  1 prophylaxis
  1 foreign
  1 rather
  1 fixing
  1 age
  1 writing
  1 sexual
  1 graftings
  1 higher
  1 smell
  1 escort
  1 landscape
  1 recesses
  1 ripples
  1 whimpered
  1 details
  1 intriguing
  1 roughhewn
  1 spidery
  1 waif
  1 contraband
  1 shyly
  1 hope
  1 argument
  1 knife
  1 dimly
  1 becoming
  1 contained
  1 cook
  1 ethereal
  1 sweetness
  1 novels
  1 talk
  1 dog
  1 protecting
  1 desperately
  1 natural
  1 cow-dung
  1 easily
  1 handled
  1 humming
  1 comes
  1 ears
  1 gladiator
  1 arrive
  1 mingled
  1 kinkaid
  1 listening
  1 introduce
  1 contempt
  1 embrace
  1 wished
  1 ingredients
  1 shelving
  1 affected
  1 aiming
  1 rolled
  1 experience
  1 terrified
  1 coldly
  1 exhalation
  1 conversations
  1 previously
  1 wine
  1 season
  1 pity
  1 oh
  1 pulsing
  1 helping
  1 devised
  1 concentrating
  1 satisfied
  1 release
  1 artificially
  1 shimmered
  1 mint
  1 delicacy
  1 spectacle
  1 nerves
  1 upward
  1 reminded
  1 tittered
  1 rib
  1 foxes
  1 tear
  1 distinguish
  1 cliff
  1 drained
  1 snaked
  1 receiving
  1 welt
  1 man-like
  1 tangled
  1 cage
  1 assembled
  1 placement
  1 fat
  1 mirroring
  1 slave
  1 punishing
  1 bare
  1 murmured
  1 gazes
  1 energy
  1 intertwining
  1 turning
  1 proprietary
  1 closing
  1 cheek
  1 shifting
  1 widening
  1 wilds
  1 tainted
  1 observers
  1 taller
  1 wrong
  1 tightened
  1 lasted
  1 decadent
  1 terrible
  1 stand
  1 marketplace
  1 stack
  1 hefted
  1 thrown
  1 sisters
  1 lifted
  1 hungered
  1 calling
  1 thirteen
  1 isn
  1 grimly
  1 understanding
  1 sheer
  1 spilled
  1 seized
  1 inspiration
  1 heat
  1 brass
  1 shuddered
  1 focused
  1 slow
  1 pores
  1 succeed
  1 ripped
  1 intensely
  1 possibility
  1 study
  1 match
  1 puzzled
  1 errands
  1 candy
  1 rabbits
  1 clapping
  1 powdered
  1 shatter
  1 account
  1 purchase
  1 whiff
  1 silver
  1 bred
  1 abandoning
  1 awkward
  1 painters
  1 potters
  1 cell-scouring
  1 hormone
  1 tasting
  1 cooperate
  1 dead
  1 unsteady
  1 sparkling
  1 wonders
  1 shivering
  1 animal
  1 observant
  1 unusual
  1 changing
  1 craved
  1 cold
  1 frail
  1 aching
  1 earned
  1 destroyed
  1 chill
  1 takashi
  1 cages
  1 purple
  1 toy
  1 fluids
  1 wound
  1 fairy
  1 proud
  1 metal
  1 poured
  1 feelings
  1 turn
  1 iron
  1 democratic
  1 biological
  1 rock-like
  1 anxiety
  1 black-eyed
  1 glassblowers
  1 achieved
  1 manufacturing
  1 angels
  1 unyielding
  1 acquiescence
  1 answer
  1 getting
  1 dawned
  1 beards
  1 oil
  1 liege
  1 gathering
  1 distance
  1 hulk
  1 exhalations
  1 preserved
  1 determined
  1 moments
  1 affection
  1 enormous
  1 curtsied
  1 defeat
  1 successive
  1 wide-bore
  1 crouched
  1 remains
  1 notice
  1 sweetmeats
  1 breakage
  1 duets
  1 cuttings
  1 burgeoning
  1 ease
  1 hammering
  1 removed
  1 sense
  1 lecherous
  1 gazed
  1 cobalt
  1 dislike
  1 violent
  1 augmented
  1 built
  1 wipe
  1 mathematically
  1 chemical
  1 roads
  1 memory
  1 treatment
  1 sending
  1 gathered
  1 thorough
  1 damage
  1 clenched
  1 spine
  1 independence
  1 failures
  1 longed
  1 credit
  1 scrubbing
  1 rabbit
  1 initial
  1 choreography
  1 guiding
  1 hungers
  1 brightened
  1 supervision
  1 shove
  1 cleverly
  1 furrowing
  1 reduction
  1 clutching
  1 inclined
  1 cork
  1 follow
  1 tide
  1 swaying
  1 solos
  1 suspected
  1 generations
  1 dreamer
  1 image
  1 attracted
  1 unmuffled
  1 impotent
  1 shivered
  1 tank
  1 discipline
  1 following
  1 dusky
  1 ignored
  1 camouflage
  1 stable
  1 unhappy
  1 treat
  1 council
  1 thinking
  1 nervously
  1 mustn
  1 juice
  1 romantic
  1 water
  1 glimpses
  1 india
  1 humility
  1 regret
  1 stumbled
  1 mediascape
  1 vicious
  1 footsteps
  1 theirs
  1 wave
  1 leg
  1 intricate
  1 takes
  1 bowels
  1 disappointed
  1 terror
  1 child
  1 ringed
  1 scarred
  1 onto
  1 landing
  1 sell
  1 whole
  1 construct
  1 focus-groups
  1 slaves
  1 burst
  1 service
  1 renee
  1 ways
  1 forever
  1 penny
  1 shifts
  1 needed
  1 lids
  1 innocent
  1 neon
  1 sugar
  1 congratulate
  1 red-rimed
  1 thanks
  1 steal
  1 breasts
  1 count
  1 donation
  1 stilled
  1 controlling
  1 halt
  1 forked
  1 role
  1 combat
  1 carelessly
  1 shielded
  1 progress
  1 sleeve
  1 fields
  1 racks
  1 intertwined
  1 crouch
  1 shiver
  1 electric
  1 stores
  1 hovel
  1 dumbstruck
  1 occasional
  1 compliment
  1 discover
  1 ruefully
  1 efficient
  1 weave
  1 available
  1 anyone
  1 folding
  1 doubt
  1 drawn
  1 herded
  1 testing
  1 floors
  1 hoped
  1 cragged
  1 tender
  1 flagging
  1 swirled
  1 madness
  1 muscle
  1 compactness
  1 flicked
  1 intent
  1 respectful
  1 sheath
  1 array
  1 clumping
  1 affectionately
  1 sheened
  1 gown
  1 net
  1 prisoners
  1 patterns
  1 song
  1 spokes
  1 hoping
  1 threatening
  1 disastrous
  1 daughters
  1 glacier-sculpted
  1 juts
  1 advisors
  1 expended
  1 glimpse
  1 handblown
  1 repulsion
  1 trees
  1 light
  1 village
  1 sounds
  1 ebony
  1 asia
  1 huddled
  1 mountainous
  1 marionette
  1 winter
  1 anticipation
  1 twenty-eight
  1 beds
  1 left
  1 obscene
  1 joints
  1 future
  1 knows
  1 plates
  1 archway
  1 inch
  1 odds
  1 skepticism
  1 gates
  1 blinking
  1 problem
  1 kindness
  1 means
  1 blind
  1 clever
  1 dry
  1 moaned
  1 sniffing
  1 oddities
  1 barefoot
  1 juice-stained
  1 strip
  1 newfound
  1 explosion
  1 overdose
  1 shrug
  1 strong
  1 forests
  1 sparked
  1 ambush
  1 quirked
  1 humor
  1 darkening
  1 seven
  1 billowing
  1 solved
  1 traced
  1 brood
  1 sparkled
  1 screen
  1 slick
  1 cologne
  1 highlighted
  1 sand
  1 disservice
  1 snuffled
  1 kabuki
  1 gossamer
  1 flat
  1 workshop
  1 scar
  1 sympathetically
  1 tired
  1 blood
  1 knuckles
  1 arts
  1 sat
  1 increasing
  1 betrayal
  1 chairs
  1 epicenter
  1 tinged
  1 selves
  1 inspiring
  1 scenery
  1 pang
  1 sun
  1 household
  1 decided
  1 striped
  1 bidding
  1 lurid
  1 flagstones
  1 collapsed
  1 tall
  1 tasted
  1 frames
  1 pretend
  1 physique
  1 placid
  1 galled
  1 haunting
  1 quality
  1 hungrily
  1 food
  1 remembered
  1 calculating
  1 silks
  1 casks
  1 fanciful
  1 outfitting
  1 authoritatively
  1 next
  1 devil
  1 bid
  1 self-destruction
  1 sculpting
  1 winters
  1 flowed
  1 value
  1 finding
  1 animal-like
  1 washed
  1 died
  1 fate
  1 seduced
  1 ghandi
  1 hit
  1 lethargically
  1 believed
  1 disappointment
  1 finest
  1 insured
  1 swathed
  1 palm
  1 burning
  1 worry
  1 prying
  1 scraped
  1 tracks
  1 larger
  1 shimmering
  1 dim
  1 grew
  1 fended
  1 affects
  1 springing
  1 gossiped
  1 summon
  1 cat
  1 incredulously
  1 unstopped
  1 handed
  1 mist
  1 vaguely
  1 enforce
  1 raised
  1 handlers
  1 spot
  1 ones
  1 respect
  1 gifts
  1 given
  1 smelled
  1 delicious
  1 certainly
  1 broadcast
  1 practicing
  1 laced
  1 habit
  1 cables
  1 nostrils
  1 else
  1 flickered
  1 inflicted
  1 needs
  1 contented
  1 focus
  1 addicted
  1 intruders
  1 suspect
  1 profit
  1 draws
  1 traitor
  1 lives
  1 parts
  1 additives
  1 truth
  1 barely
  1 stripped
  1 slid
  1 mournful
  1 shaming
  1 pursed
  1 artisans
  1 walks
  1 flinched
  1 gesture
  1 merry
  1 levels
  1 rapidly
  1 urge
  1 squatting
  1 blooming
  1 thumb
  1 kill
  1 hopes
  1 breathe
  1 escape
  1 salt
  1 singapore
  1 cosmetic
  1 rounds
  1 mind
  1 wolf
  1 women
  1 impeccable
  1 lunged
  1 outdo
  1 rumbled
  1 elites
  1 hundred
  1 furiously
  1 why
  1 destruction
  1 ruffled
  1 sigh
  1 bloodhound
  1 jaw
  1 course
  1 lowering
  1 lowered
  1 shone
  1 daisies
  1 apologized
  1 makeshift
  1 eleven
  1 checking
  1 lit
  1 faces
  1 flavors
  1 path
  1 theatrical
  1 hole
  1 beans
  1 olives
  1 motioned
  1 farthest
  1 comprehension
  1 reactions
  1 gap
  1 crippled
  1 cliffs
  1 pry
  1 bent
  1 occurred
  1 quickness
  1 brewing
  1 spindly
  1 swung
  1 intimate
  1 crates
  1 gaudy
  1 whet
  1 except
  1 inspired
  1 clarinet
  1 crackled
  1 paled
  1 swarmed
  1 paolo
  1 clearly
  1 g
  1 tone
  1 inhibitors
  1 discovered
  1 unable
  1 hand-wrought
  1 forest
  1 powerful
  1 leaked
  1 finer
  1 pays
  1 stabbed
  1 sprinkled
  1 gossip
  1 wanted
  1 wants
  1 apparently
  1 smug
  1 echoed
  1 fraternity
  1 response
  1 trip
  1 track
  1 warmth
  1 joys
  1 silhouettes
  1 wear
  1 stony
  1 pills
  1 tomatoes
  1 skirts
  1 polished
  1 worth
  1 potential
  1 crave
  1 echoes
  1 travel
  1 sharp
  1 legal
  1 someday
  1 claire
  1 chaste
  1 foiling
  1 carved
  1 wasn
  1 sweeps
  1 perfectly
  1 pool
  1 humiliation
  1 penning
  1 stoves
  1 wasted
  1 strange
  1 admired
  1 decide
  1 flourished
  1 done
  1 onions
  1 erratic
  1 shy
  1 leaned
  1 chennai
  1 meant
  1 sank
  1 seductively
  1 corner
  1 plunged
  1 hillsides
  1 abandoned
  1 snakelike
  1 joy
  1 trade
  1 pinky
  1 slaughter
  1 absorbed
  1 hurry
  1 broad
  1 dust
  1 canes
  1 addiction
  1 surprising
  1 lasciviousness
  1 maria
  1 bite
  1 monkshood
  1 used
  1 expanding
  1 steps
  1 figure
  1 constructed
  1 press
  1 lie
  1 examined
  1 inwardly
  1 background
  1 looks
  1 liberation
  1 beneath
  1 flour
  1 laboring
  1 beef
  1 dismissed
  1 may
  1 laments
  1 goddess
  1 discriminates
  1 quickly
  1 attached
  1 telltale
  1 peaches
  1 fruit
  1 extraordinary
  1 rushed
  1 darkened
  1 rooted
  1 secure
  1 popularity
  1 lighting
  1 pouch
  1 finds
  1 messages
  1 frenzied
  1 gusts
  1 scribbled
  1 developing
  1 abrupt
  1 cheese
  1 graciously
  1 surveyed
  1 spy
  1 cocktails
  1 causes
  1 summoned
  1 sold
  1 hulking
  1 legumes
  1 brushed
  1 identical
  1 paranovis
  1 climactic
  1 danish
  1 mimed
  1 question
  1 point
  1 mgumi
  1 creatures
  1 neglected
  1 rosy
  1 winds
  1 admit
  1 mastered
  1 bulb
  1 scribbling
  1 crouching
  1 pyramids
  1 spit
  1 scrape
  1 cancer
  1 bacigalupi
  1 sun-blushed
  1 briefly
  1 fallen
  1 association
  1 visible
  1 locked
  1 anger
  1 improving
  1 exposed
  1 fiefs
  1 brows
  1 matrix
  1 former
  1 collect
  1 gaggle
  1 gripped
  1 shot
  1 picnic
  1 incited
  1 throbbed
  1 curtseying
  1 pink
  1 palpable
  1 sack
  1 cut
  1 nearly
  1 worrying
  1 crowds
  1 ovens
  1 rise
  1 harmonizing
  1 clear
  1 smarter
  1 uncompromising
  1 peaks
  1 paralysis
  1 fierce
  1 ivory
  1 conflict
  1 seeking
  1 earbuds
  1 impossible
  1 lessened
  1 rumbling
  1 packed
  1 peers
  1 finishing
  1 giants
  1 surprises
  1 rolling
  1 adolescence
  1 steeled
  1 potatoes
  1 extracted
  1 try
  1 officer
  1 wings
  1 debut
  1 stake
  1 introducing
  1 cursed
  1 adoration
  1 mirror-bright
  1 completion
  1 crone
  1 picnics
  1 nestling
  1 shape
  1 snap
  1 cynically
  1 played
  1 jostled
  1 finely
  1 granite
  1 ancient
  1 comfortable
  1 scent
  1 voted
  1 talent
  1 heavy
  1 pose
  1 destroying
  1 isolation
  1 existed
  1 night
  1 slices
  1 relaxed
  1 jumbled
  1 joined
  1 balm
  1 ate
  1 round
  1 irritably
  1 floated
  1 version
  1 either
  1 stalked
  1 clavicle
  1 simplicity
  1 driving
  1 platters
  1 compass
  1 evaluating
  1 falter
  1 accustomed
  1 teeth
  1 amiss
  1 forgave
  1 dirt
  1 invested
  1 five
  1 hard-edged
  1 porous
  1 refrigerated
  1 confusion
  1 showed
  1 senses
  1 filled
  1 commenting
  1 seduction
  1 signaling
  1 red-rimmed
  1 accident
  1 reason
  1 prot
  1 apart
  1 falls
  1 cuts
  1 size
  1 sacks
  1 writhed
  1 lightning
  1 lust
  1 fanatic
  1 orgy
  1 corners
  1 dances
  1 days
  1 side
  1 downcast
  1 spines
  1 speeding
  1 mud
  1 revelry
  1 expense
  1 careless
  1 social
  1 helped
  1 lined
  1 creaking
  1 short
  1 gold
  1 use
  1 reenact
  1 filling
  1 retain
  1 apple
  1 firmly
  1 spraying
  1 clothing
  1 harmless
  1 curtain
  1 seats
  1 accenting
  1 bloodshot
  1 minutes
  1 pine
  1 shiny
  1 reconstruction
  1 foolishness
  1 hires
  1 michael
  1 chiming
  1 charge
  1 events
  1 dimmed
  1 sandwiches
  1 sides
  1 rare
  1 foliage
  1 rusting
  1 perpetually
  1 unmake
  1 slapped
  1 anything
  1 sin
  1 pointed
  1 works
  1 sweets
  1 jerked
  1 coordinator
  1 emotions
  1 chin
  1 mean
  1 searching
  1 crossed
  1 thing
  1 needles
  1 kim
  1 confine
  1 deference
  1 bought
  1 harm
  1 flush
  1 touching
  1 wonderment
  1 remain
  1 beheaded
  1 conscience
  1 drop
  1 hugged
  1 stupid
  1 lap
  1 medium
  1 grinned
  1 weren
  1 particularly
  1 effect
  1 scripted
  1 demands
  1 live
  1 remained
  1 times
  1 lee
  1 gain
  1 barrier
  1 terribly
  1 above
  1 competition
  1 tugged
  1 eyeing
  1 consumed
  1 painless
  1 scene

694.

The Gambler - Paolo Bacigalupi : z non-fiction - z concordance - 3.0 

The Gambler

  509 the
  295 and
  270 i
  239 a
  238 to
  210 of
  139 it
  133 is
  132 in
  126 she
  126 my
  123 s
  121 that
  119 you
  101 he
  91 with
  82 for
  78 we
  77 as
  71 on
  69 me
  69 at
  69 not
  63 her
  59 his
  58 but
  56 t
  52 have
  48 story
  46 this
  44 was
  44 up
  43 like
  42 they
  41 about
  40 from
  38 when
  37 your
  37 news
  36 all
  36 if
  35 are
  35 us
  34 our
  34 father
  33 what
  33 maelstrom
  33 more
  33 re
  32 marty
  32 will
  32 their
  32 has
  31 can
  31 an
  30 would
  30 who
  30 one
  29 out
  27 even
  27 no
  27 don
  27 then
  27 now
  26 do
  25 am
  24 so
  23 people
  23 or
  23 be
  23 over
  22 were
  22 dp
  22 just
  22 him
  22 double
  22 into
  21 there
  21 down
  21 stories
  21 look
  21 very
  21 kulaap
  20 think
  19 going
  19 lao
  18 want
  18 make
  17 new
  17 know
  17 them
  17 looks
  17 read
  16 content
  16 something
  16 say
  16 back
  16 janice
  16 good
  16 m
  16 ve
  15 own
  15 than
  15 did
  15 another
  14 go
  14 had
  14 some
  14 write
  14 well
  14 through
  13 by
  13 everyone
  13 face
  13 feel
  13 still
  13 got
  13 see
  13 door
  13 before
  12 black
  12 work
  12 much
  12 how
  12 tablet
  12 too
  12 these
  12 around
  12 perhaps
  11 clicks
  11 off
  11 green
  11 way
  11 little
  11 laughs
  11 again
  11 only
  11 friends
  11 though
  11 been
  10 mackley
  10 country
  10 everything
  10 get
  10 thoreau
  10 feeds
  10 smile
  10 traffic
  10 screen
  10 almost
  10 here
  10 feed
  10 american
  10 says
  10 hits
  10 man
  10 smiles
  9 interview
  9 need
  9 post
  9 coffee
  9 away
  9 came
  9 readers
  9 find
  9 let
  9 other
  9 instead
  9 while
  9 ong
  8 government
  8 watch
  8 outside
  8 right
  8 its
  8 seems
  8 data
  8 three
  8 stock
  8 any
  8 byline
  8 captain
  8 where
  8 come
  8 mr
  8 because
  8 yes
  8 hand
  8 night
  8 time
  8 tell
  8 live
  7 video
  7 show
  7 already
  7 butterfly
  7 nothing
  7 could
  7 open
  7 limo
  7 date
  7 together
  7 maybe
  7 home
  7 said
  7 america
  7 someone
  7 site
  7 thousand
  7 light
  7 else
  7 thought
  7 sit
  7 myself
  7 give
  7 which
  7 click
  7 try
  7 made
  7 page
  7 window
  7 khamsing
  7 flower
  7 opens
  7 head
  7 help
  6 ear
  6 few
  6 better
  6 americans
  6 real
  6 david
  6 important
  6 car
  6 complaints
  6 milestone
  6 never
  6 life
  6 isn
  6 family
  6 foolish
  6 happened
  6 love
  6 wish
  6 net
  6 numbers
  6 papcams
  6 burning
  6 movies
  6 against
  6 fans
  6 henry
  6 hole
  6 glows
  6 himself
  6 exclusive
  6 strange
  6 world
  6 mother
  6 true
  6 asks
  6 once
  6 didn
  6 publish
  6 anything
  6 whisper
  6 tags
  5 nature
  5 gone
  5 front
  5 ll
  5 does
  5 old
  5 red
  5 newsroom
  5 many
  5 buy
  5 surprised
  5 every
  5 rice
  5 questions
  5 embarrassed
  5 nods
  5 helicopter
  5 under
  5 large
  5 beautiful
  5 after
  5 water
  5 went
  5 two
  5 shakes
  5 calls
  5 average
  5 shrugs
  5 sometimes
  5 students
  5 toward
  5 same
  5 glass
  5 official
  5 secret
  5 why
  5 gambler
  5 day
  5 google
  5 view
  5 worse
  5 office
  5 walking
  5 done
  5 used
  5 press
  5 different
  5 remember
  5 small
  5 anger
  5 reading
  5 cigarette
  5 camera
  5 terrell
  5 tells
  5 social
  5 words
  5 cindy
  5 doesn
  5 thing
  5 paparazzi
  4 interesting
  4 thailand
  4 bonus
  4 divine
  4 blogs
  4 reader
  4 police
  4 told
  4 keep
  4 lucky
  4 city
  4 buds
  4 kingdom
  4 house
  4 polite
  4 center
  4 difficult
  4 both
  4 leans
  4 flares
  4 itself
  4 third
  4 wrote
  4 bad
  4 speak
  4 sheet
  4 amongst
  4 showing
  4 media
  4 watching
  4 stand
  4 beside
  4 alone
  4 lobe
  4 turn
  4 vientiane
  4 getting
  4 become
  4 piece
  4 grins
  4 scandal
  4 sure
  4 onto
  4 monarch
  4 half
  4 close
  4 sits
  4 anyone
  4 problem
  4 popular
  4 coverage
  4 sat
  4 sun
  4 ticks
  4 paper
  4 often
  4 big
  4 music
  4 protest
  4 frontal
  4 must
  4 laos
  4 except
  4 wants
  4 earnest
  4 crazy
  4 fourteen-year-old
  4 trusted
  4 yeah
  4 shoulder
  4 being
  4 revenue
  4 point
  4 makes
  4 also
  4 federal
  4 sort
  4 standing
  4 waves
  4 general
  4 interviewed
  4 glasses
  4 march
  4 bet
  4 times
  3 elevator
  3 fuck
  3 trust
  3 thank
  3 mekong
  3 really
  3 things
  3 price
  3 famous
  3 should
  3 purge
  3 heads
  3 smiling
  3 spend
  3 pour
  3 devices
  3 personal
  3 web
  3 set
  3 white
  3 laugh
  3 working
  3 girl
  3 couch
  3 doing
  3 control
  3 flowers
  3 behind
  3 pulling
  3 reporters
  3 stuff
  3 writing
  3 call
  3 blog
  3 oakley
  3 monks
  3 hope
  3 pot
  3 comes
  3 ears
  3 according
  3 editors
  3 feet
  3 language
  3 mexican
  3 moment
  3 calling
  3 care
  3 laofriend
  3 clicking
  3 case
  3 sites
  3 dead
  3 pauses
  3 security
  3 later
  3 guides
  3 button
  3 goes
  3 aside
  3 cycles
  3 hands
  3 thai
  3 long
  3 history
  3 accusations
  3 reviews
  3 follow
  3 reads
  3 karma
  3 footage
  3 heart
  3 d
  3 growing
  3 herself
  3 kind
  3 takes
  3 smoke
  3 telling
  3 demographic
  3 nop
  3 send
  3 mix
  3 silence
  3 each
  3 promise
  3 start
  3 attention
  3 actually
  3 full
  3 finished
  3 keys
  3 boat
  3 forward
  3 photos
  3 most
  3 walden
  3 stop
  3 knows
  3 suit
  3 handsets
  3 hi
  3 everywhere
  3 themselves
  3 others
  3 somehow
  3 rumor
  3 yet
  3 ad
  3 inside
  3 won
  3 laughing
  3 disappeared
  3 public
  3 cameras
  3 posts
  3 able
  3 ever
  3 glad
  3 biologists
  3 tiny
  3 smaller
  3 newspapers
  3 depressing
  3 rumpled
  3 longer
  3 pond
  3 holds
  3 spinach
  3 walk
  3 starts
  3 boulevard
  3 color
  3 ask
  3 glow
  3 cut
  3 torn
  3 falang
  3 checkerspot
  3 glowing
  3 version
  3 click-throughs
  3 chase
  3 lovely
  3 seem
  3 desk
  3 street
  3 keeps
  3 enough
  3 use
  3 looking
  3 minutes
  3 name
  3 hired
  3 sung
  3 taps
  3 loss
  3 keyboard
  3 noise
  2 pings
  2 taken
  2 obviously
  2 married
  2 bodhisattva
  2 gray
  2 livetrack
  2 viewers
  2 sheets
  2 aung
  2 jungle
  2 asking
  2 hear
  2 monk
  2 bluets
  2 whom
  2 fresh
  2 los
  2 serious
  2 feeding
  2 men
  2 doors
  2 differently
  2 ghost
  2 yourself
  2 tap
  2 scramble
  2 sees
  2 hell
  2 position
  2 person
  2 flaring
  2 turkey
  2 table
  2 pulse
  2 codes
  2 wonder
  2 jumbo
  2 popularized
  2 countryperson
  2 frowns
  2 behave
  2 eyeballs
  2 perfect
  2 sensitive
  2 print
  2 power
  2 code
  2 pass
  2 relief
  2 adapted
  2 bee
  2 tv
  2 global
  2 register
  2 boy
  2 budget
  2 pointless
  2 luang
  2 hairy
  2 tiger
  2 drink
  2 darkness
  2 sad
  2 sidebars
  2 whispered
  2 environment
  2 results
  2 capital
  2 late
  2 key
  2 childhood
  2 scans
  2 talk
  2 bathing
  2 fills
  2 whispering
  2 incompetence
  2 luck
  2 pity
  2 speck
  2 server
  2 sakharov
  2 flickers
  2 brightly
  2 ping
  2 happening
  2 shades
  2 snapping
  2 national
  2 appears
  2 thrown
  2 dark
  2 eyes
  2 warming
  2 pressing
  2 heat
  2 damn
  2 kyi
  2 bloody
  2 combination
  2 lean
  2 those
  2 increase
  2 poke
  2 bob
  2 proud
  2 balls
  2 past
  2 competing
  2 conversation
  2 mexico
  2 tanks
  2 smart
  2 pdr
  2 features
  2 bluet
  2 gathering
  2 fucking
  2 gambled
  2 movie
  2 sending
  2 dominates
  2 memories
  2 cafe
  2 motions
  2 took
  2 releases
  2 living
  2 technology
  2 careful
  2 woman
  2 image
  2 stops
  2 stares
  2 yell
  2 might
  2 fan
  2 thinking
  2 border
  2 second
  2 wave
  2 tagged
  2 roosters
  2 stands
  2 pretty
  2 whole
  2 images
  2 ways
  2 feeling
  2 army
  2 mismanagement
  2 voice
  2 begins
  2 wouldn
  2 nod
  2 daughter
  2 audience
  2 available
  2 suck
  2 extinct
  2 valuable
  2 colleagues
  2 sake
  2 soldiers
  2 year
  2 private
  2 wall
  2 cover
  2 bonuses
  2 future
  2 links
  2 pupusa
  2 means
  2 screaming
  2 announcing
  2 shrug
  2 handle
  2 dress
  2 indeed
  2 beaten
  2 storage
  2 fifteen
  2 bear
  2 flat
  2 direct
  2 increasing
  2 tower
  2 least
  2 less
  2 collapsed
  2 daily
  2 flowed
  2 believed
  2 meditate
  2 license
  2 worry
  2 hour
  2 larger
  2 cringe
  2 scholarship
  2 sent
  2 middle
  2 grows
  2 eat
  2 guerrilla
  2 ahead
  2 spread
  2 financial
  2 respect
  2 clothes
  2 suffering
  2 stationed
  2 begin
  2 between
  2 put
  2 frightening
  2 walks
  2 display
  2 pulls
  2 user
  2 singapore
  2 mind
  2 angeles
  2 hundred
  2 soothing
  2 break
  2 course
  2 commandos
  2 scan
  2 pulses
  2 bow
  2 parents
  2 catches
  2 redneck
  2 encouraging
  2 gamble
  2 always
  2 profitable
  2 touch
  2 forest
  2 buddha
  2 points
  2 pokes
  2 choice
  2 sex
  2 wear
  2 dollars
  2 prefer
  2 fleeing
  2 hummer
  2 none
  2 pool
  2 blew
  2 knees
  2 exasperation
  2 meant
  2 triple
  2 streaming
  2 road
  2 cops
  2 schadenfreude
  2 competitor
  2 expanding
  2 naturalists
  2 tickets
  2 exists
  2 bots
  2 walls
  2 pin-line
  2 friendship
  2 tech
  2 may
  2 believe
  2 otherwise
  2 anywhere
  2 lighting
  2 posted
  2 revolution
  2 cowboy
  2 expecting
  2 waited
  2 event
  2 lottery
  2 forehead
  2 gamblers
  2 pull
  2 fringe
  2 found
  2 pay
  2 bigger
  2 pretender
  2 dozen
  2 subjected
  2 blooms
  2 papers
  2 fame
  2 fifty
  2 across
  2 take
  2 impossible
  2 likes
  2 good-bye
  2 lose
  2 staffer
  2 aren
  2 champagne
  2 edge
  2 guess
  2 iv
  2 flare
  2 human
  2 pray
  2 tag
  2 correct
  2 vacuums
  2 crime
  2 midnight
  2 phone
  2 turned
  2 laotian
  2 whispers
  2 suddenly
  2 leave
  2 cuts
  2 editor
  2 interviews
  2 hotel
  2 tablets
  2 mirrored
  2 completely
  2 bees
  2 consequence
  2 mahogany
  2 noodle
  2 simply
  2 views
  2 visitors
  2 sister
  2 fellow
  2 lot
  2 fool
  2 mean
  2 spent
  2 stick
  2 cannot
  2 along
  2 years
  2 depresses
  2 flashbulbs
  2 shake
  2 remain
  2 moved
  2 scientists
  2 pair
  2 trying
  2 gives
  2 room
  2 saw
  2 scene
  1 greeting
  1 thinks
  1 whisperer
  1 recommend
  1 learned
  1 beats
  1 million
  1 emissions
  1 hostage
  1 farms
  1 obsolete
  1 laolao
  1 skype
  1 tempting
  1 twenty
  1 luther
  1 imagine
  1 studied
  1 silly
  1 terrifying
  1 super
  1 wild
  1 land
  1 absorbs
  1 lights
  1 favor
  1 well-oiled
  1 bit
  1 paddies
  1 poking
  1 evacuation
  1 villages
  1 presence
  1 knew
  1 reminder
  1 shouted
  1 preparations
  1 surges
  1 favorite
  1 humiliated
  1 lonely
  1 cool
  1 flesh
  1 ended
  1 share
  1 check
  1 situation
  1 snakes
  1 cheers
  1 note
  1 8
  1 rumors
  1 graphs
  1 eye
  1 terminals
  1 bluffing
  1 giving
  1 creates
  1 guard
  1 matter
  1 south
  1 sorting
  1 provides
  1 identify
  1 top
  1 trenches
  1 protection
  1 yoga
  1 splitting
  1 local
  1 certain
  1 sanctuary
  1 smartphone
  1 fish
  1 snuffs
  1 amount
  1 allowing
  1 laser
  1 china
  1 slides
  1 monsoons
  1 express
  1 reducing
  1 win
  1 companion
  1 dynasty
  1 york
  1 celebrity
  1 wash
  1 stubbed
  1 finish
  1 breath
  1 collapse
  1 return
  1 dj
  1 youtube
  1 viewed
  1 selected
  1 begging
  1 google-neilsen
  1 drunk
  1 cronyism
  1 revving
  1 river
  1 bar
  1 fine
  1 editing
  1 symbiotic
  1 hunted
  1 yours
  1 fighting
  1 conglomerates
  1 taught
  1 interest
  1 reaches
  1 vietnamese
  1 supply
  1 earning
  1 researcher
  1 e-mail
  1 final
  1 blush
  1 schoolchildren
  1 anymore
  1 surprise
  1 utterly
  1 dismiss
  1 thighs
  1 hippies
  1 describing
  1 properly
  1 presses
  1 knowledge
  1 saying
  1 danger
  1 inform
  1 jeweled
  1 victory
  1 cares
  1 pouring
  1 attractive
  1 passion
  1 climbing
  1 reminds
  1 planners
  1 africans
  1 roulette
  1 evening
  1 word
  1 additional
  1 virtue
  1 stare
  1 rent
  1 dao
  1 monarchy
  1 isaan
  1 china-lao
  1 owner
  1 organize
  1 continues
  1 happy
  1 sipped
  1 milk
  1 armrest
  1 intellectuals
  1 line
  1 rage
  1 vilaphon
  1 childish
  1 whenever
  1 shout
  1 serving
  1 fled
  1 user-traffic
  1 digital
  1 exposure
  1 massachusetts
  1 lapse
  1 vast
  1 keyword
  1 biology
  1 gawker
  1 seconds
  1 crayola
  1 text
  1 obvious
  1 averaging
  1 wire
  1 job
  1 interviewing
  1 rainbow
  1 stained
  1 crusade
  1 swear
  1 expression
  1 cup
  1 skins
  1 gadgets
  1 blood-oxygen
  1 per
  1 sincerity
  1 families
  1 research
  1 young
  1 bakery
  1 considering
  1 physical
  1 sight
  1 arrange
  1 reborn
  1 arrived
  1 banger
  1 clients
  1 tale
  1 policeman
  1 statistics
  1 pepper
  1 bloomed
  1 sniper
  1 business
  1 blocked
  1 overcome
  1 offered
  1 arranging
  1 decisions
  1 pollinated
  1 shut
  1 glamour
  1 samples
  1 self-declared
  1 rev
  1 mansion
  1 comparison
  1 plaa
  1 flick
  1 speed
  1 claps
  1 programs
  1 abruptly
  1 saucers
  1 apologize
  1 traditions
  1 hybrid
  1 humanity
  1 taillights
  1 creation
  1 wet
  1 helmets
  1 signals
  1 apologetic
  1 speaking
  1 underage
  1 sangha
  1 aunts
  1 bonanza
  1 dumps
  1 total
  1 ecosystem
  1 excitement
  1 development
  1 add
  1 existence
  1 downstairs
  1 approvals
  1 honorable
  1 marching
  1 low-fat
  1 unless
  1 created
  1 unaware
  1 toasts
  1 telecoms
  1 5
  1 universe
  1 checks
  1 agriculture
  1 mostly
  1 folks
  1 fingers
  1 agree
  1 keyboards
  1 stole
  1 accused
  1 anyway
  1 colorful
  1 streets
  1 during
  1 edges
  1 bread
  1 bottom
  1 russians
  1 schools
  1 damma
  1 agrees
  1 chosen
  1 contracts
  1 vials
  1 restaurant
  1 moves
  1 unearth
  1 hmong
  1 idealism
  1 fights
  1 cute
  1 obeisance
  1 waterfall
  1 decreasing
  1 ticket
  1 recommended
  1 landscape
  1 authorize
  1 som
  1 sprawls
  1 save
  1 printed
  1 suits
  1 foot
  1 contract
  1 screens
  1 iris-scanning
  1 inthachak
  1 contraband
  1 beg
  1 generating
  1 imply
  1 die
  1 bath
  1 clip
  1 greets
  1 tinting
  1 exist
  1 forty
  1 gets
  1 groan
  1 pressed
  1 singing
  1 nam
  1 unclean
  1 predict
  1 easily
  1 refugee
  1 tail
  1 ours
  1 symphony
  1 fix
  1 released
  1 arrive
  1 four
  1 connection
  1 listening
  1 optimism
  1 journals
  1 scouts
  1 arrival
  1 fancies
  1 meat
  1 affected
  1 whatever
  1 synchronicity
  1 poll
  1 entire
  1 newspeople
  1 jostles
  1 beast
  1 wild-eyed
  1 arranged
  1 wine
  1 flak
  1 furniture
  1 teachings
  1 blame
  1 oh
  1 pulsing
  1 helping
  1 suggest
  1 release
  1 cruiser
  1 cooking
  1 mak
  1 coup
  1 sharing
  1 faking
  1 smoking
  1 shark
  1 penh
  1 bowl
  1 kicking
  1 chances
  1 lifting
  1 trunklines
  1 bean
  1 partnership
  1 invoked
  1 pick
  1 clean
  1 main
  1 near
  1 morning
  1 shoot
  1 joking
  1 yesterday
  1 three-wheeled
  1 chatting
  1 double-take
  1 pha
  1 blue
  1 temple
  1 discussing
  1 studies
  1 saved
  1 popping
  1 roots
  1 trapped
  1 rubber
  1 median
  1 vod
  1 raid
  1 martin
  1 talking
  1 bare
  1 palace
  1 orange
  1 docomo
  1 wearing
  1 mirror
  1 lips
  1 brings
  1 reprogrammed
  1 headlines
  1 mythical
  1 proprietary
  1 stolen
  1 college
  1 encapsulate
  1 provide
  1 daeng
  1 neighbor
  1 static
  1 mbutu
  1 comments
  1 waterfalls
  1 taller
  1 reserve
  1 sitting
  1 terrible
  1 lapd
  1 electricity
  1 editorials
  1 betting
  1 risk
  1 selecting
  1 algorithms
  1 brand
  1 shelling
  1 software
  1 fisherman
  1 notification
  1 rank
  1 slow
  1 hostages
  1 fountains
  1 poet
  1 patient
  1 recycling
  1 arm
  1 match
  1 cigarettes
  1 description
  1 kiosk
  1 california
  1 climate
  1 ping-pong
  1 mouth
  1 places
  1 smog
  1 running
  1 bucket
  1 bitch
  1 monsoon
  1 switch
  1 shoe
  1 correctly
  1 facing
  1 slip
  1 thanksgiving
  1 posting
  1 stereo
  1 brightening
  1 murdering
  1 heights
  1 lifestyle
  1 smoked
  1 rules
  1 caliber
  1 chopper
  1 intel
  1 cart
  1 risk-taking
  1 picked
  1 episodes
  1 suburbs
  1 changing
  1 cold
  1 stiff
  1 pit
  1 mysterious
  1 clearing
  1 destroyed
  1 buying
  1 aids
  1 ratings
  1 brushes
  1 batons
  1 brash
  1 games
  1 championships
  1 rant
  1 sucks
  1 monarchs
  1 sensation
  1 nguyen
  1 law
  1 stupidity
  1 charity
  1 bud
  1 stupidly
  1 understand
  1 lived
  1 democratic
  1 sixty-two
  1 biological
  1 thick
  1 shame
  1 thoughts
  1 shit
  1 run
  1 periodically
  1 sighs
  1 improper
  1 kicked
  1 letters
  1 letting
  1 tax
  1 entryway
  1 gutters
  1 hobbyists
  1 communicate
  1 junket
  1 generosity
  1 move
  1 chips
  1 reining
  1 mercedes-benz
  1 triangle
  1 surge
  1 opened
  1 affection
  1 flattening
  1 brother
  1 disappears
  1 notice
  1 remains
  1 group
  1 grope
  1 motion
  1 catch-up
  1 hues
  1 couple
  1 accepted
  1 forgotten
  1 belt
  1 air-conditioning
  1 bed
  1 literally
  1 soon
  1 creature
  1 grand
  1 puts
  1 end
  1 roads
  1 visas
  1 spirituality
  1 blossomed
  1 satisfy
  1 heroes
  1 monitor
  1 subscribes
  1 great
  1 independence
  1 mandela
  1 hunt
  1 saffron-robed
  1 twenty-four-year-olds
  1 force
  1 pictures
  1 confusing
  1 strike
  1 guiding
  1 violence
  1 congressional
  1 telmex
  1 expect
  1 fireflies
  1 redeem
  1 stature
  1 nurturing
  1 arrangements
  1 insurgency
  1 cells
  1 dee
  1 chasing
  1 unbutton
  1 driver
  1 chair
  1 tank
  1 wishes
  1 enlightened
  1 copy
  1 record
  1 corporate
  1 american-style
  1 following
  1 countrymen
  1 sorry
  1 uncharacteristic
  1 workflow
  1 shoving
  1 glittering
  1 coiling
  1 blackjack
  1 cousin
  1 stocks
  1 swish
  1 555
  1 disruptive
  1 protests
  1 blossoms
  1 uploading
  1 respond
  1 talked
  1 regret
  1 opportunity
  1 wondering
  1 trusts
  1 targetable
  1 adapting
  1 condensed
  1 chedi
  1 green-glowing
  1 cups
  1 repeat
  1 heaven
  1 hearts
  1 putting
  1 subdivision
  1 protect
  1 plans
  1 fall
  1 agency
  1 moons
  1 hepatitis
  1 comfort
  1 generous
  1 vietnam
  1 maestro
  1 licensed
  1 technologies
  1 lock
  1 sell
  1 senile
  1 hardware
  1 cultures
  1 grind
  1 service
  1 phones
  1 tier
  1 angel
  1 whether
  1 shifts
  1 pedophilia
  1 unwillingness
  1 harvested
  1 thanks
  1 whispertech
  1 littlexang
  1 count
  1 finger
  1 kratong
  1 subscribe
  1 punished
  1 flock
  1 engineers
  1 void
  1 combat
  1 explodes
  1 korat
  1 ad-revenue
  1 racks
  1 mixed
  1 responding
  1 providers
  1 discussions
  1 tropical
  1 rolls
  1 special
  1 countries
  1 agronomy
  1 discover
  1 reality
  1 fees
  1 interactivity
  1 fifth
  1 metallic
  1 palms
  1 weekends
  1 drawn
  1 protocols
  1 hidden
  1 selections
  1 regards
  1 bird
  1 wink
  1 telecom
  1 tightens
  1 blown
  1 flicker
  1 muscle
  1 hardly
  1 pinprick
  1 blushing
  1 relationship
  1 flashbulb
  1 eager
  1 outtakes
  1 mirror-sheen
  1 announced
  1 kaem
  1 groups
  1 armored
  1 carbon
  1 laboratory
  1 song
  1 report
  1 muscles
  1 ladakh
  1 casey
  1 polishing
  1 thousands
  1 remind
  1 biography
  1 information
  1 clink
  1 monkeys
  1 punches
  1 unruly
  1 bargain
  1 anticipated
  1 sounds
  1 soup
  1 asia
  1 happen
  1 relevant
  1 kicks
  1 lethal
  1 direction
  1 gandhi
  1 ugly
  1 limb
  1 silently
  1 part
  1 warning
  1 network
  1 shocked
  1 microresponse
  1 teacher
  1 plates
  1 odds
  1 noisy
  1 intimidating
  1 nice
  1 disheveled
  1 unearthing
  1 signed
  1 disappointing
  1 fox
  1 became
  1 refugees
  1 sway
  1 confused
  1 percent
  1 warm
  1 explosion
  1 feels
  1 barricaded
  1 stars
  1 miniversion
  1 strong
  1 shocking
  1 penchant
  1 chinese-supported
  1 workstation
  1 seven
  1 paths
  1 mafia
  1 closes
  1 bringing
  1 stillness
  1 reconstitute
  1 deeply
  1 farmer
  1 hiphop
  1 roll
  1 probably
  1 rub
  1 first-run
  1 rode
  1 frustrations
  1 heard
  1 22
  1 tired
  1 incense
  1 cross-content
  1 connectivity
  1 billion
  1 hook
  1 blood
  1 cambodia
  1 civil
  1 cars
  1 umbrella
  1 censor
  1 analyzing
  1 lurid
  1 launches
  1 classmates
  1 independent
  1 bouncing
  1 flows
  1 disgusted
  1 quality
  1 last
  1 bottled
  1 notes
  1 khamchanh
  1 swum
  1 next
  1 slice
  1 bureaucrats
  1 recipes
  1 push
  1 changes
  1 died
  1 advertisers
  1 refusing
  1 fighters
  1 interrupts
  1 company
  1 crowd
  1 assuming
  1 tracks
  1 shoulders
  1 choose
  1 tip
  1 bribes
  1 leaving
  1 grew
  1 politics
  1 impressive
  1 arranges
  1 launched
  1 function
  1 recognizes
  1 shouting
  1 film
  1 lol-cats
  1 centenarian
  1 wake
  1 strangely
  1 given
  1 binge-purge
  1 kitchen
  1 broadcast
  1 idols
  1 avenues
  1 banyan
  1 location
  1 carefully
  1 playing
  1 woods
  1 chain
  1 engine
  1 shining
  1 bangkok
  1 tomorrow
  1 papcam
  1 deserved
  1 lists
  1 khong
  1 missing
  1 focus
  1 bloomberg
  1 suspect
  1 loaf
  1 shockingly
  1 space
  1 butterflies
  1 lives
  1 likely
  1 asian
  1 peer
  1 hollywood
  1 truth
  1 resources
  1 territory
  1 employed
  1 barely
  1 speaks
  1 province
  1 discuss
  1 struck
  1 undoubtedly
  1 impregnating
  1 attack
  1 blows
  1 variants
  1 rapper
  1 visited
  1 behalf
  1 blooming
  1 offer
  1 anthem
  1 radios
  1 kill
  1 machine-gun
  1 pounding
  1 collar
  1 escape
  1 stamped
  1 elephant
  1 updates
  1 presumably
  1 shift
  1 cling
  1 overlay
  1 looked
  1 mailing
  1 lotteries
  1 gucci
  1 import
  1 exiles
  1 product
  1 ideas
  1 rents
  1 studying
  1 entry
  1 ak-47s
  1 children
  1 consider
  1 ranking
  1 starved
  1 scooped
  1 apologized
  1 seemed
  1 computers
  1 lit
  1 imagination
  1 techs
  1 agencies
  1 echo
  1 faces
  1 vines
  1 single
  1 justify
  1 becomes
  1 oj
  1 drew
  1 roundabout
  1 since
  1 motioned
  1 locks
  1 yamaguchi
  1 happiness
  1 television
  1 pry
  1 brewing
  1 dna
  1 normally
  1 audio
  1 hurt
  1 university
  1 consumer
  1 inspired
  1 weblog
  1 meditation
  1 paolo
  1 mikela
  1 pilgrimage
  1 newsrooms
  1 onboard
  1 rebirth
  1 g
  1 lost
  1 supposedly
  1 ranging
  1 watched
  1 freedom
  1 corp
  1 unlocks
  1 machines
  1 sips
  1 county
  1 scrolls
  1 written
  1 teams
  1 sweltering
  1 grinning
  1 ntt
  1 straps
  1 powerful
  1 alive
  1 pays
  1 ripple
  1 boxed
  1 launch
  1 species
  1 besides
  1 salary
  1 cared
  1 wanted
  1 scry
  1 led
  1 opinion
  1 sucking
  1 dated
  1 apparently
  1 flushed
  1 whoooo
  1 rubbing
  1 ready
  1 taxi
  1 pours
  1 dam
  1 select
  1 mercedes
  1 social-poked
  1 sleep-puffy
  1 chiles
  1 headline
  1 haven
  1 tyranny
  1 native
  1 pale
  1 ball
  1 bank
  1 attended
  1 spins
  1 caress
  1 honk
  1 cab
  1 whisks
  1 expands
  1 perfectly
  1 stood
  1 asked
  1 voyeurs
  1 pursuing
  1 beam
  1 borrowed
  1 decide
  1 birch
  1 on-screen
  1 tell-all
  1 shy
  1 indicating
  1 leaned
  1 muy
  1 wife
  1 locking
  1 idea
  1 corner
  1 slightly
  1 early
  1 empty
  1 cluster
  1 santa
  1 hurry
  1 deciding
  1 rough
  1 baby
  1 dust
  1 wince
  1 surprising
  1 teddy
  1 smooth
  1 steps
  1 mickey
  1 node
  1 winner
  1 hoong
  1 possessed
  1 examined
  1 meung
  1 swallowed
  1 windows
  1 reconsider
  1 bets
  1 funeral
  1 flavor
  1 idealist
  1 keying
  1 displays
  1 audiostream
  1 cub
  1 melting
  1 moving
  1 afterward
  1 vibrancy
  1 theun
  1 orb
  1 ah
  1 solid
  1 blocks
  1 popularity
  1 turkish
  1 sign
  1 base
  1 messages
  1 broadband
  1 change
  1 follow-on
  1 frenzied
  1 murmur
  1 hard
  1 washes
  1 unmistakable
  1 flickering
  1 called
  1 compares
  1 floating
  1 population
  1 iris
  1 looming
  1 step
  1 vault
  1 protested
  1 hyundai-kubu
  1 100
  1 motionswallow
  1 visa
  1 extinction
  1 typing
  1 un
  1 best
  1 korean
  1 sculptor
  1 suicide
  1 writer
  1 slowly
  1 king
  1 humidity
  1 musical
  1 dum
  1 tvs
  1 novotel
  1 corpses
  1 performance
  1 pressure
  1 far
  1 loop
  1 animals
  1 maple
  1 functions
  1 monkey
  1 nagas
  1 bacigalupi
  1 bt
  1 migrates
  1 locked
  1 golden
  1 aol
  1 freelance
  1 logo
  1 caring
  1 quixote
  1 tripled
  1 remembers
  1 analysts
  1 throb
  1 tension
  1 c
  1 evaluations
  1 thirteen-
  1 managing
  1 unlikely
  1 follow-up
  1 portrayed
  1 plant
  1 nearly
  1 low
  1 rush
  1 easy
  1 worrying
  1 streaking
  1 couched
  1 antarctica
  1 rise
  1 guesswork
  1 airlock
  1 beating
  1 bother
  1 tapping
  1 loi
  1 countercoup
  1 screening
  1 join
  1 minute
  1 gaming
  1 claimed
  1 distribute
  1 arhat
  1 suns
  1 finishing
  1 shutting
  1 centimeters
  1 french
  1 finishes
  1 finally
  1 bandwidth
  1 spoken
  1 pain
  1 wings
  1 fell
  1 surrounded
  1 snap
  1 owners
  1 comfortable
  1 pelvic
  1 climate-controlled
  1 republic
  1 synth
  1 floor
  1 fun
  1 mrs
  1 preserve
  1 hairstyles
  1 existed
  1 clerk
  1 drove
  1 phnom
  1 christ
  1 floated
  1 draw
  1 afraid
  1 intrusive
  1 instantly
  1 dominating
  1 son
  1 spark
  1 tried
  1 accorded
  1 evaluating
  1 chinese
  1 rated
  1 vang
  1 internet
  1 russian
  1 crouches
  1 pinstripes
  1 angry
  1 monica
  1 agreed
  1 cell
  1 quiet
  1 five
  1 surrendering
  1 boil
  1 cry
  1 bridge
  1 apparent
  1 journey
  1 showed
  1 globe
  1 disapproving
  1 o
  1 t-cells
  1 represent
  1 gently
  1 prepared
  1 saeng
  1 happier
  1 red-rimmed
  1 processor
  1 reason
  1 ringtones
  1 hurl
  1 dozens
  1 compete
  1 baton
  1 falls
  1 bottle
  1 elephants
  1 smallest
  1 size
  1 politely
  1 production
  1 demanding
  1 worded
  1 limousine
  1 corners
  1 tuk-tuks
  1 categories
  1 days
  1 side
  1 mitsubishi
  1 stunning
  1 two-billion-dollar
  1 assist
  1 vinegar
  1 speeding
  1 mud
  1 reckless
  1 alter
  1 frown
  1 newsweek
  1 throbbing
  1 raise
  1 pushing
  1 disobedience
  1 helped
  1 guys
  1 continue
  1 lines
  1 understatement
  1 lampposts
  1 gold
  1 consortium
  1 unlike
  1 filling
  1 week
  1 genuine
  1 despite
  1 notifying
  1 singer
  1 scoop
  1 clothing
  1 meditating
  1 millions
  1 favored
  1 wondrous
  1 enlightenment
  1 spirit
  1 delirious
  1 commit
  1 courtesy
  1 obeys
  1 mpg
  1 banks
  1 charge
  1 drops
  1 events
  1 appreciation
  1 toys
  1 rare
  1 heading
  1 contends
  1 rises
  1 facility
  1 swivel
  1 priorities
  1 mouse
  1 aided
  1 safe
  1 newest
  1 star
  1 frenzy
  1 momentum
  1 nielsen
  1 drip
  1 christmas
  1 intelligent
  1 replace
  1 starting
  1 blessing
  1 columns
  1 urging
  1 ignorance
  1 latest
  1 quotes
  1 disney-bertelsmann
  1 emotions
  1 hunger
  1 crossed
  1 brought
  1 shop
  1 willingness
  1 via
  1 polyglot
  1 terabyte
  1 shakespeare
  1 penn
  1 jargon
  1 sompaboy
  1 mexicans
  1 homeland
  1 namtha
  1 bought
  1 brown
  1 policemen
  1 blackness
  1 gift
  1 touching
  1 jacket
  1 uncles
  1 survivor
  1 range
  1 workings
  1 planet
  1 selection
  1 bac
  1 effect
  1 sprouts
  1 party
  1 stay
  1 pop
  1 search
  1 workers
  1 jai
  1 community
  1 30
  1 keystroke
  1 answers
  1 lay
  1 gain
  1 pradeep
  1 humvee
  1 bumped
  1 placing
  1 gasoline
  1 place
  1 high
  1 gaining
  1 destroy
  1 composure
  1 picture
  1 first
  1 brightens
  1 next-gen
  1 thin
  1 gambles
  1 winning
  1 chopping
  1 real-time
  1 ribbon

695.

The Pasho - Paolo Bacigalupi : z non-fiction - z concordance - 3.0 

The Pasho

  567 the
  269 and
  213 his
  207 of
  181 to
  174 a
  149 you
  120 in
  120 raphel
  107 he
  91 keli
  86 jai
  79 pasho
  75 i
  73 it
  67 for
  66 old
  66 is
  65 that
  65 her
  61 we
  61 with
  60 as
  58 from
  54 at
  53 their
  52 on
  50 not
  48 they
  48 your
  46 she
  46 are
  45 man
  43 grandfather
  42 into
  40 was
  38 would
  36 knowledge
  36 had
  36 will
  36 bia'
  35 _
  34 my
  34 him
  34 them
  33 but
  32 its
  32 be
  31 no
  29 all
  29 have
  28 our
  28 again
  27 me
  26 what
  26 back
  25 were
  25 if
  25 hook
  25 like
  24 there
  24 water
  24 then
  24 up
  24 head
  23 mother
  23 when
  22 eyes
  22 turned
  21 laughed
  21 now
  20 people
  20 war
  20 face
  20 one
  20 so
  20 before
  19 us
  18 even
  18 think
  18 still
  18 must
  17 by
  17 black
  17 never
  17 down
  17 away
  17 quaran
  17 an
  17 robes
  17 out
  16 knife
  16 who
  16 basin
  16 this
  16 village
  16 do
  15 cup
  15 red
  15 long
  15 don't
  15 keli's
  15 hand
  15 been
  15 raphel's
  14 hands
  14 burned
  14 dust
  14 haci
  14 see
  14 time
  13 am
  13 shook
  13 slowly
  13 around
  13 mez
  12 can
  12 could
  12 family
  12 smiled
  12 thousand
  12 only
  12 scarf
  12 make
  12 clay
  12 women
  12 how
  12 too
  12 across
  11 keep
  11 city
  11 girl
  11 pasho's
  11 more
  11 grandson
  11 rain
  11 dry
  11 good
  11 sat
  11 toward
  11 over
  10 outside
  10 man's
  10 it's
  10 desert
  10 skin
  10 know
  10 other
  10 himself
  10 lakes
  10 sharp
  10 air
  10 through
  10 curtain
  9 tea
  9 already
  9 want
  9 open
  9 fat
  9 close
  9 much
  9 remembered
  9 between
  9 day
  9 another
  9 always
  9 well
  9 ground
  9 gawar
  9 tell
  8 should
  8 mala
  8 or
  8 hanna
  8 something
  8 drink
  8 blue
  8 together
  8 thick
  8 than
  8 did
  8 ten
  8 wind
  8 bright
  8 pulled
  8 tongue
  8 because
  8 hearth
  8 quickly
  8 made
  8 until
  8 sunlight
  7 studied
  7 men
  7 i'm
  7 yellow
  7 set
  7 white
  7 fingers
  7 pushed
  7 own
  7 proud
  7 home
  7 came
  7 attainment
  7 ways
  7 you're
  7 chilies
  7 light
  7 where
  7 left
  7 electrostatic
  7 blood
  7 come
  7 liquor
  7 carefully
  7 children
  7 didn't
  7 stood
  7 walls
  7 yes
  7 far
  7 meters
  7 finally
  7 gold
  7 sharpening
  7 burn
  7 cannot
  7 place
  7 room
  6 death
  6 eye
  6 fish
  6 arms
  6 whatever
  6 wine
  6 season
  6 sky
  6 those
  6 beyond
  6 girls
  6 poured
  6 distance
  6 grandfather's
  6 forgotten
  6 memory
  6 said
  6 new
  6 wisdom
  6 voice
  6 look
  6 ducked
  6 sun
  6 martiz
  6 sent
  6 here
  6 inside
  6 i've
  6 looked
  6 body
  6 soft
  6 write
  6 courtyard
  6 clicked
  6 kai
  6 bangles
  6 son
  6 days
  6 side
  6 help
  5 custom
  5 pouring
  5 gawar's
  5 does
  5 young
  5 wrapped
  5 go
  5 call
  5 right
  5 fire
  5 bean
  5 clean
  5 many
  5 beside
  5 match
  5 mouth
  5 about
  5 later
  5 metal
  5 past
  5 under
  5 soon
  5 laughter
  5 traditional
  5 technology
  5 cups
  5 work
  5 three
  5 full
  5 marks
  5 mother's
  5 deeply
  5 stopped
  5 same
  5 against
  5 friends
  5 hardez
  5 though
  5 thought
  5 ritual
  5 alley
  5 watched
  5 within
  5 culture
  5 wear
  5 alleys
  5 leaned
  5 longer
  5 may
  5 bridges
  5 hard
  5 best
  5 tattoos
  5 sound
  5 ask
  5 plant
  5 once
  5 scent
  5 floor
  5 _cs
  5 teeth
  5 has
  5 bottle
  5 enough
  5 door
  5 observed
  5 began
  5 years
  5 first
  4 gray
  4 wait
  4 won't
  4 told
  4 wheel
  4 return
  4 stone
  4 watch
  4 pour
  4 off
  4 crusade
  4 process
  4 wet
  4 aunt
  4 behind
  4 speak
  4 age
  4 steel
  4 doorway
  4 hard-packed
  4 feet
  4 bloodshed
  4 moment
  4 every
  4 watching
  4 heat
  4 survive
  4 rice
  4 ancestors
  4 silver
  4 little
  4 say
  4 cold
  4 stared
  4 answer
  4 waved
  4 rock
  4 memories
  4 took
  4 sure
  4 went
  4 two
  4 each
  4 circuit
  4 finished
  4 smile
  4 palms
  4 let
  4 seen
  4 very
  4 meet
  4 umbrella
  4 often
  4 burning
  4 some
  4 eat
  4 you've
  4 laughing
  4 course
  4 seemed
  4 glanced
  4 path
  4 sterile
  4 haci's
  4 used
  4 true
  4 reached
  4 called
  4 stanzas
  4 clear
  4 libraries
  4 fell
  4 kill-slot
  4 edge
  4 mud
  4 use
  4 dried
  4 pointed
  4 live
  4 trying
  3 married
  3 shrugged
  3 presence
  3 cool
  3 keeping
  3 things
  3 few
  3 hanna's
  3 seek
  3 better
  3 heads
  3 taught
  3 smiling
  3 deal
  3 nothing
  3 sipped
  3 green
  3 line
  3 rituals
  3 fled
  3 spat
  3 slipped
  3 deeds
  3 dragged
  3 pass
  3 passengers
  3 get
  3 complete
  3 hot
  3 whispered
  3 key
  3 hope
  3 die
  3 pressed
  3 today
  3 pot
  3 comes
  3 ears
  3 rasped
  3 factories
  3 breathed
  3 hair
  3 dimness
  3 near
  3 morning
  3 silent
  3 alphabet
  3 marble
  3 surprised
  3 stand
  3 dark
  3 care
  3 dreaming
  3 residue
  3 mass
  3 swept
  3 dead
  3 picked
  3 touched
  3 wandered
  3 understand
  3 turn
  3 seat
  3 letters
  3 move
  3 tattooed
  3 aside
  3 movement
  3 bed
  3 end
  3 rains
  3 bones
  3 history
  3 careful
  3 continued
  3 woman
  3 generations
  3 cleansing
  3 lead
  3 chest
  3 ends
  3 smoke
  3 sell
  3 send
  3 sugar
  3 swayed
  3 dung
  3 recognized
  3 forward
  3 sonics
  3 any
  3 shadow
  3 slaughtered
  3 thousands
  3 covering
  3 fists
  3 tight
  3 ruins
  3 folds
  3 heard
  3 scarves
  3 less
  3 free
  3 dim
  3 handed
  3 spread
  3 yet
  3 else
  3 disappeared
  3 destruction
  3 crippled
  3 pretending
  3 sit
  3 skirts
  3 tiny
  3 covered
  3 flashed
  3 survival
  3 give
  3 smooth
  3 pleasure
  3 goats
  3 ruin
  3 doesn't
  3 also
  3 scrape
  3 locked
  3 fear
  3 nearly
  3 held
  3 epitaphs
  3 take
  3 join
  3 seeking
  3 knives
  3 kettle
  3 books
  3 script
  3 ancient
  3 wouldn't
  3 dirt
  3 filled
  3 lines
  3 words
  3 glinted
  3 distant
  3 drops
  3 clouds
  3 along
  3 dashed
  3 brown
  3 nodded
  3 returned
  3 lay
  3 fought
  2 learned
  2 aid
  2 dropped
  2 strained
  2 land
  2 villages
  2 knew
  2 worked
  2 flesh
  2 _dry
  2 everyone
  2 coals
  2 ran
  2 race
  2 afternoon
  2 source
  2 sink
  2 squatted
  2 really
  2 meeting
  2 hear
  2 hawks
  2 show
  2 killing
  2 robe
  2 liquid
  2 rocks
  2 urn
  2 hip
  2 farewell
  2 tightly
  2 tap
  2 tingling
  2 building
  2 holding
  2 hated
  2 stunned
  2 hackings
  2 stained
  2 met
  2 skirted
  2 earth
  2 narrowed
  2 everything
  2 impatient
  2 learning
  2 center
  2 laugh
  2 that's
  2 protected
  2 reform
  2 power
  2 male
  2 clustered
  2 ka'
  2 drinking
  2 eating
  2 mine
  2 apologetically
  2 ants
  2 interwoven
  2 boy
  2 wood
  2 streets
  2 during
  2 edges
  2 pulling
  2 mortar
  2 belong
  2 inhaled
  2 darkness
  2 drunker
  2 stirred
  2 plain
  2 ripples
  2 braid
  2 beg
  2 neutral
  2 husband
  2 childhood
  2 mask
  2 splash
  2 easily
  2 hawk
  2 marriage
  2 paused
  2 listening
  2 dawn
  2 arrival
  2 splashes
  2 rolled
  2 caught
  2 according
  2 oh
  2 listened
  2 showing
  2 dumping
  2 matched
  2 basic
  2 girl's
  2 flourish
  2 harsh
  2 newly
  2 tangled
  2 life
  2 irritation
  2 bare
  2 satchel
  2 paired
  2 way
  2 wheels
  2 sitting
  2 shards
  2 cross-legged
  2 betray
  2 clutched
  2 spoke
  2 peeling
  2 slow
  2 study
  2 bloody
  2 proper
  2 alone
  2 belts
  2 aridity
  2 maybe
  2 she'll
  2 dirty
  2 wells
  2 widely
  2 toy
  2 indoors
  2 lived
  2 coyote
  2 passed
  2 gave
  2 letting
  2 civilization
  2 deepened
  2 opened
  2 towers
  2 glazed
  2 rained
  2 built
  2 records
  2 gathered
  2 separated
  2 clenched
  2 great
  2 without
  2 stones
  2 just
  2 pictures
  2 motions
  2 symbol
  2 awake
  2 several
  2 might
  2 cousin
  2 after
  2 breathing
  2 heart
  2 started
  2 virile
  2 theirs
  2 herself
  2 fall
  2 stories
  2 hastily
  2 skeletal
  2 onto
  2 lock
  2 document
  2 returning
  2 stations
  2 hooks
  2 electrostatics
  2 fields
  2 father
  2 daughter
  2 splashing
  2 welcome
  2 patterns
  2 among
  2 most
  2 sparingly
  2 delivered
  2 mountains
  2 nights
  2 wall
  2 unconsciously
  2 women's
  2 coughed
  2 sometimes
  2 i'd
  2 moral
  2 making
  2 master
  2 recovered
  2 poisonous
  2 porridge
  2 satisfaction
  2 casually
  2 horizon
  2 tucked
  2 accent
  2 paper
  2 last
  2 lecture
  2 korum
  2 next
  2 333
  2 died
  2 neutrality
  2 allow
  2 scraped
  2 leaving
  2 ones
  2 squeezed
  2 broke
  2 bury
  2 hiding
  2 forced
  2 feed
  2 1404
  2 sighed
  2 dinner
  2 settled
  2 gesture
  2 squatting
  2 piles
  2 kill
  2 saturated
  2 squat
  2 mind
  2 birthright
  2 why
  2 legendary
  2 jaw
  2 break
  2 bathe
  2 suppose
  2 wars
  2 design
  2 enemies
  2 beans
  2 faded
  2 shattered
  2 children's
  2 ever
  2 touch
  2 chanted
  2 cared
  2 echoed
  2 she's
  2 warmth
  2 native
  2 pale
  2 statue
  2 devils
  2 inviting
  2 dragging
  2 done
  2 spring
  2 corner
  2 nightmares
  2 matica
  2 early
  2 abandoned
  2 empty
  2 honor
  2 bite
  2 mala's
  2 nor
  2 touches
  2 wage
  2 believe
  2 brainless
  2 wrists
  2 scratched
  2 veins
  2 change
  2 walk
  2 influence
  2 remember
  2 population
  2 waited
  2 blackened
  2 spit
  2 scents
  2 shaking
  2 small
  2 prizes
  2 sonic
  2 shot
  2 cut
  2 while
  2 coming
  2 mold
  2 napalm
  2 torn
  2 earbuds
  2 purposes
  2 adobe
  2 plains
  2 gentle
  2 gusted
  2 sleeves
  2 turns
  2 milliner's
  2 paint
  2 such
  2 wore
  2 chuckled
  2 played
  2 scattered
  2 guess
  2 comfortable
  2 toothless
  2 falling
  2 common
  2 handsome
  2 discarded
  2 dripping
  2 all-seeing
  2 evaluating
  2 thinly
  2 hills
  2 grinding
  2 noticed
  2 five
  2 scowled
  2 leave
  2 core
  2 complain
  2 corners
  2 boiled
  2 teasing
  2 desperate
  2 throat
  2 songs
  2 short
  2 milliner
  2 week
  2 xi
  2 name
  2 simply
  2 learn
  2 anything
  2 fastened
  2 brought
  2 thing
  2 threaded
  2 whisper
  2 mark
  2 principles
  2 hips
  2 transmitter
  2 moved
  2 stay
  2 times
  2 sudden
  2 pair
  2 toxins
  2 forget
  2 high
  2 saw
  2 above
  2 picture
  2 thin
  2 inscribed
  1 thinks
  1 greeting
  1 noses
  1 beats
  1 modest
  1 serve
  1 flapping
  1 ingrained
  1 glinting
  1 dancing
  1 steadily
  1 access
  1 silly
  1 photograph
  1 uncertainly
  1 favor
  1 stupor
  1 setting
  1 thank
  1 upright
  1 fish-eater
  1 advise
  1 smirked
  1 share
  1 philosophical
  1 dodging
  1 dandelion
  1 spasmed
  1 rhetoric
  1 lies
  1 claustrophobic
  1 appropriate
  1 gone
  1 matter
  1 faced
  1 invited
  1 stifled
  1 refill
  1 front
  1 placating
  1 failed
  1 certain
  1 depths
  1 powder
  1 seeds
  1 slyly
  1 suspicion
  1 evia's
  1 rejected
  1 tires
  1 banners
  1 casts
  1 squeezing
  1 breath
  1 challenges
  1 desai
  1 dosero
  1 chili
  1 gather
  1 gardens
  1 rhyme
  1 drunk
  1 rose
  1 fine
  1 scourge
  1 waking
  1 peddle
  1 men's
  1 breeding
  1 doors
  1 cul-de-sacs
  1 differently
  1 sweeping
  1 cracks
  1 rejects
  1 spittle
  1 saying
  1 settlement
  1 build
  1 harvest
  1 concepts
  1 sky-blue
  1 yourself
  1 poisoned
  1 _the
  1 revered
  1 known
  1 pile
  1 devices
  1 word
  1 relieve
  1 sees
  1 virtue
  1 stare
  1 impunity
  1 wrinkled
  1 chapped
  1 happy
  1 hearthwall
  1 knee
  1 disembarked
  1 all-giving
  1 whenever
  1 raged
  1 sidled
  1 trading
  1 conglomeration
  1 paralyzed
  1 blue-swathed
  1 logic
  1 luggage
  1 student
  1 teach
  1 poison
  1 adulation
  1 recalling
  1 renders
  1 secrets
  1 disproportionate
  1 need
  1 spiced
  1 sage
  1 bellies
  1 peering
  1 disgusting
  1 influences
  1 lectures
  1 families
  1 chimney
  1 solutions
  1 physical
  1 sight
  1 arrange
  1 arrived
  1 working
  1 hostility
  1 cleaning
  1 grimaced
  1 difficult
  1 wiped
  1 shouldered
  1 business
  1 bleed
  1 claim
  1 important
  1 spied
  1 concrete
  1 wondered
  1 motes
  1 speed
  1 plants
  1 traditions
  1 humanity
  1 motley
  1 sparrows
  1 teachers
  1 stability
  1 bend
  1 relief
  1 twisted
  1 welcomed
  1 support
  1 renado's
  1 object
  1 essentials
  1 lettering
  1 potent
  1 pots
  1 respected
  1 control
  1 trotted
  1 deliberately
  1 rhythmic
  1 adapt
  1 giomo
  1 portion
  1 blankets
  1 content
  1 dumped
  1 agriculture
  1 hours
  1 unwinnable
  1 plucked
  1 cocked
  1 thunder
  1 stole
  1 anyway
  1 hardpan
  1 heartbeats
  1 occasion
  1 ashes
  1 splintered
  1 afford
  1 comforting
  1 afield
  1 bottom
  1 schools
  1 pointless
  1 deeper
  1 cases
  1 disapprove
  1 enter
  1 foreign
  1 lady
  1 sloshes
  1 unchanging
  1 waving
  1 writing
  1 faint
  1 marry
  1 blades
  1 rigidly
  1 evia
  1 higher
  1 raze
  1 rising
  1 late
  1 courts
  1 doubly
  1 geometric
  1 salvation
  1 crops
  1 thrive
  1 bath
  1 mangled
  1 becoming
  1 insulting
  1 cheekbones
  1 blinked
  1 chime
  1 talk
  1 construction
  1 severed
  1 beaks
  1 natural
  1 spice
  1 scrupulous
  1 wringing
  1 pack
  1 protracted
  1 cult
  1 verse
  1 wished
  1 meat
  1 climbed
  1 graceful
  1 hungry
  1 apology
  1 amongst
  1 baji
  1 tools
  1 conversations
  1 grass
  1 chained
  1 carelessness
  1 plastic
  1 simple
  1 intervening
  1 shafts
  1 splattered
  1 pity
  1 woken
  1 vol
  1 language
  1 release
  1 leak
  1 shimmered
  1 worn
  1 two-edged
  1 hearthfire
  1 amounts
  1 jokes
  1 earshot
  1 bowl
  1 banked
  1 radiation
  1 yogurt
  1 humid
  1 expected
  1 gan
  1 hoisting
  1 cackled
  1 lesson
  1 yesterday
  1 advance
  1 giomo's
  1 mercy
  1 room's
  1 feat
  1 alternative
  1 tear
  1 studies
  1 13
  1 distinguish
  1 graves
  1 drained
  1 frustrated
  1 roots
  1 action
  1 handwashing
  1 somewhere
  1 limberness
  1 woke
  1 580
  1 speculative
  1 talking
  1 projectiles
  1 milliner_
  1 betrayed
  1 nerveless
  1 mirror
  1 lips
  1 turning
  1 unwrapped
  1 throw
  1 outrage
  1 static
  1 tainted
  1 taller
  1 redden
  1 lasted
  1 tightened
  1 terrible
  1 molded
  1 thrown
  1 withered
  1 rasping
  1 keyed
  1 mocking
  1 understanding
  1 greet
  1 abandons
  1 joyful
  1 explain
  1 uprooting
  1 pressing
  1 clicking
  1 shuddered
  1 rank
  1 ignore
  1 patient
  1 benefit
  1 dreamed
  1 possibility
  1 arm
  1 carrion
  1 wheat
  1 knowledgeable
  1 molten
  1 accompanying
  1 tornadoes
  1 southern
  1 152
  1 climate
  1 bucket
  1 ago
  1 observation
  1 fires
  1 we're
  1 blow
  1 beat-up
  1 tufted
  1 snorted
  1 questions
  1 strode
  1 prove
  1 tasting
  1 reputation
  1 embarrassed
  1 invaders
  1 splashed
  1 cough
  1 animal
  1 formed
  1 soaked
  1 fortune
  1 wise
  1 trickery
  1 destroyed
  1 goods
  1 east
  1 months
  1 kept
  1 vanquished
  1 licked
  1 truly
  1 uncorked
  1 seething
  1 revere
  1 foolish
  1 fetch
  1 resolved
  1 dampened
  1 starving
  1 shame
  1 thoughts
  1 blinding
  1 withdraw
  1 examine
  1 run
  1 conversation
  1 founder
  1 kicked
  1 willingly
  1 hygiene
  1 getting
  1 oil
  1 fortunate
  1 harder
  1 gathering
  1 regained
  1 chips
  1 mouths
  1 hottest
  1 destructive
  1 dulled
  1 signs
  1 remains
  1 buildings
  1 tales
  1 busts
  1 large
  1 removed
  1 savior
  1 proceed
  1 accepted
  1 ocean
  1 belt
  1 reversed
  1 violent
  1 propagated
  1 wipe
  1 grand
  1 sending
  1 pride
  1 remembering
  1 solar
  1 bowls
  1 plough
  1 patience
  1 lend
  1 puffed
  1 beautiful
  1 willy
  1 rabbit
  1 breeze
  1 become
  1 vicinity
  1 yoke
  1 blend
  1 expect
  1 central
  1 observing
  1 scolded
  1 inclined
  1 dental
  1 obscuring
  1 follow
  1 rest
  1 pleased
  1 hazard
  1 undistilled
  1 crunched
  1 image
  1 generation
  1 chasing
  1 leaves
  1 chair
  1 caution
  1 shivered
  1 sip
  1 practice
  1 outsiders
  1 order
  1 sing
  1 following
  1 bio
  1 sorry
  1 depleted
  1 indistinguishable
  1 fed
  1 etiquette
  1 sparking
  1 feel
  1 whose
  1 whistled
  1 thinking
  1 border
  1 challenging
  1 blouse
  1 jai's
  1 scream
  1 stumbled
  1 wistfully
  1 shadows
  1 vicious
  1 toasted
  1 second
  1 slumped
  1 difference
  1 bound
  1 nonsense
  1 love
  1 minds
  1 gossiping
  1 leg
  1 examining
  1 protect
  1 upheavals
  1 roosters
  1 myths
  1 child
  1 shells
  1 grown
  1 pretty
  1 telling
  1 wool
  1 slaves
  1 interlinked
  1 emerged
  1 eduard
  1 whether
  1 cooled
  1 forever
  1 possess
  1 invites
  1 uncovered
  1 puddles
  1 army
  1 nose
  1 descendant
  1 thanks
  1 enjoyed
  1 silence
  1 appreciatively
  1 skinned
  1 wide
  1 pillow
  1 punished
  1 deny
  1 rasp
  1 canals
  1 stilled
  1 exposing
  1 mnemonic
  1 spattered
  1 exploring
  1 shredded
  1 flushes
  1 carelessly
  1 consequences
  1 absurd
  1 rubbed
  1 curtain's
  1 sighing
  1 calls
  1 attention
  1 sleeve
  1 thundered
  1 seize
  1 convoluted
  1 distantly
  1 voices
  1 leaning
  1 far-flung
  1 elder
  1 crept
  1 wounds
  1 ripping
  1 half
  1 excited
  1 audience
  1 121
  1 keys
  1 weave
  1 sits
  1 anyone
  1 proteges
  1 hidden
  1 eight
  1 servants
  1 bird
  1 distinctly
  1 squeeze
  1 swirled
  1 blown
  1 flicked
  1 hardly
  1 respectful
  1 crushed
  1 find
  1 eager
  1 monuments
  1 deftly
  1 novelette
  1 cross
  1 cringed
  1 caressed
  1 sweet
  1 yellowed
  1 hoping
  1 sterilize
  1 soap
  1 roof
  1 daughters
  1 distinguishes
  1 stop
  1 imagined
  1 threads
  1 shaven
  1 piercing
  1 shrieks
  1 knowingly
  1 jumped
  1 topple
  1 shapes
  1 sounds
  1 soup
  1 cs
  1 happen
  1 huddled
  1 hem
  1 rule
  1 _pasho
  1 direction
  1 cover
  1 slipping
  1 part
  1 captured
  1 shifted
  1 knows
  1 deserve
  1 slavery
  1 disaster
  1 rim
  1 prescribed
  1 sweep
  1 acrid
  1 recorded
  1 descendants
  1 clever
  1 accomplishment
  1 windblown
  1 mica
  1 recall
  1 refugees
  1 sway
  1 sniffing
  1 warm
  1 bulbs
  1 overhead
  1 observance
  1 explosion
  1 shrug
  1 stars
  1 groaned
  1 hook-knives
  1 bitterly
  1 disowns
  1 dress
  1 stuffed
  1 quirked
  1 humor
  1 dust-caked
  1 dedicated
  1 billowing
  1 stillness
  1 curtains
  1 hunting
  1 sheen
  1 strangers
  1 storage
  1 cleared
  1 renali
  1 breed
  1 cries
  1 stays
  1 quirk
  1 father's
  1 probably
  1 twining
  1 rub
  1 swim
  1 defense
  1 onrushing
  1 ring
  1 chemic
  1 another's
  1 teaching
  1 direct
  1 taint
  1 flapped
  1 twitches
  1 tired
  1 destinies
  1 superstitious
  1 pet
  1 preparation
  1 gasped
  1 percentage
  1 introduction
  1 feast
  1 ink
  1 fixed
  1 creaked
  1 flows
  1 received
  1 drool
  1 stuck
  1 impulses
  1 tighter
  1 follies
  1 midway
  1 almost
  1 bureaucrats
  1 withstand
  1 difficulty
  1 worship
  1 flowed
  1 confluence
  1 duty
  1 push
  1 hold
  1 hurriedly
  1 crucifix
  1 felt
  1 glimmered
  1 disappointment
  1 politeness
  1 finest
  1 spreading
  1 company
  1 invitation
  1 attacking
  1 everywhere
  1 leather
  1 requisite
  1 big
  1 palm
  1 themselves
  1 flying
  1 turtle
  1 impulsive
  1 passing
  1 snatched
  1 loose
  1 choose
  1 hanging
  1 slept
  1 dangled
  1 dismissively
  1 mob
  1 flakes
  1 applied
  1 arrogantly
  1 ragged
  1 somehow
  1 defenses
  1 shouting
  1 fragile
  1 barren
  1 vaguely
  1 lush
  1 raised
  1 wake
  1 respect
  1 gifts
  1 glass
  1 city's
  1 fraying
  1 ensure
  1 aged
  1 certainly
  1 joining
  1 avenues
  1 failing
  1 ninth
  1 society
  1 flickered
  1 brush
  1 begin
  1 lingered
  1 convenient
  1 untrampled
  1 lives
  1 likely
  1 peer
  1 flaming
  1 put
  1 passage
  1 roofs
  1 speaks
  1 son's
  1 frightening
  1 outbursts
  1 struck
  1 clinked
  1 willing
  1 crusader
  1 invade
  1 filtered
  1 rings
  1 levels
  1 sacked
  1 offer
  1 knifelike
  1 pursuit
  1 continuing
  1 breathe
  1 paces
  1 silk
  1 chaos
  1 braids
  1 shift
  1 brave
  1 _a
  1 nooks
  1 older
  1 tribe
  1 tilled
  1 pattern
  1 hundred
  1 fully
  1 ideas
  1 studying
  1 sigh
  1 pasho'
  1 taking
  1 noose
  1 lands
  1 accented
  1 vestiges
  1 celebratory
  1 smarts
  1 denotations
  1 lowered
  1 weapon
  1 shone
  1 reflected
  1 all-benevolent
  1 nilly
  1 heavens
  1 style
  1 vines
  1 using
  1 observe
  1 slit
  1 motioned
  1 bothers
  1 locks
  1 spiking
  1 readied
  1 pry
  1 clay-clotted
  1 crowing
  1 brewing
  1 muttered
  1 parents
  1 crannies
  1 boys'
  1 gun
  1 boys
  1 counsel
  1 except
  1 ash
  1 ineffectually
  1 backward
  1 bulbous
  1 wooden
  1 crackling
  1 crackled
  1 visiting
  1 dogs
  1 paolo
  1 pilgrimage
  1 clearly
  1 committed
  1 view
  1 phosphorescent
  1 ahh
  1 seed-pod
  1 commanded
  1 written
  1 froth
  1 sweltering
  1 grinning
  1 questioning
  1 bullets
  1 leaked
  1 completed
  1 easier
  1 honest
  1 mirriam
  1 wanted
  1 probing
  1 toe
  1 ruled
  1 impairing
  1 led
  1 points
  1 wants
  1 elegantly
  1 sucking
  1 movements
  1 apparently
  1 curve
  1 guide
  1 muttering
  1 haven't
  1 tome's
  1 myself
  1 worse
  1 wildly
  1 broken
  1 fill
  1 mutton
  1 pools
  1 graded
  1 store
  1 dreams
  1 silvered
  1 potential
  1 worth
  1 crave
  1 scraping
  1 travel
  1 gnarled
  1 trusted
  1 carved
  1 vehicle
  1 scorpion
  1 tails
  1 shoulder
  1 sharply
  1 sideways
  1 humiliation
  1 says
  1 asked
  1 mere
  1 hearth's
  1 recalled
  1 ringlets
  1 blew
  1 doubles
  1 gaping
  1 flooding
  1 pallet
  1 martin_
  1 thirsty
  1 wife
  1 nostalgia
  1 silken
  1 world
  1 greatest
  1 straight
  1 skirt
  1 slightly
  1 _on
  1 incompatible
  1 oven
  1 hurry
  1 calligraphy
  1 road
  1 grandchild
  1 plato
  1 form
  1 muddy
  1 xx
  1 traveled
  1 glittered
  1 plague
  1 rain's
  1 exaggerated
  1 creeping
  1 transgressions
  1 expanding
  1 ritually
  1 nightmare
  1 seed
  1 being
  1 constructed
  1 woman's
  1 jammed
  1 press
  1 lie
  1 accuse
  1 various
  1 offense
  1 beneath
  1 swallowed
  1 windows
  1 bony
  1 crow's
  1 planting
  1 tech
  1 straw
  1 drying
  1 efforts
  1 different
  1 morality
  1 chaperoning
  1 coyotes
  1 amazes
  1 reconstructed
  1 attached
  1 trained
  1 glances
  1 dryness
  1 serves
  1 couldn't
  1 dressing
  1 darkened
  1 ah
  1 lion
  1 child's
  1 profession
  1 further
  1 constricting
  1 base
  1 follow-on
  1 lightning-quick
  1 mid-escape
  1 dispensing
  1 width
  1 doorway's
  1 battle
  1 knock
  1 number
  1 randomly
  1 fragments
  1 parent's
  1 responsibilities
  1 suppleness
  1 trader
  1 crimson
  1 managed
  1 floating
  1 knotted
  1 scolding
  1 seep
  1 unmade
  1 step
  1 protested
  1 resist
  1 spill
  1 tradition
  1 familiar
  1 humidity
  1 receding
  1 cried
  1 breaking
  1 point
  1 basin's
  1 corpses
  1 wail
  1 which
  1 carried
  1 marched
  1 recede
  1 self-same
  1 flow
  1 makes
  1 avoiding
  1 giles
  1 roosted
  1 pull
  1 adjust
  1 bacigalupi
  1 wheezed
  1 found
  1 conviction
  1 speculation
  1 color
  1 lungs
  1 golden
  1 instead
  1 intermingled
  1 drank
  1 game
  1 reading
  1 staring
  1 stinging
  1 accomplish
  1 believes
  1 repeated
  1 nalina
  1 opals
  1 receive
  1 slang
  1 slammed
  1 shelf
  1 toast
  1 greens
  1 skinny
  1 smoke-laden
  1 unlikely
  1 standing
  1 eased
  1 rush
  1 cho
  1 easy
  1 stumble
  1 broom
  1 projects
  1 pierced
  1 scrambled
  1 paralysis
  1 outstretched
  1 ruined
  1 packed
  1 tingle
  1 assuring
  1 curtained
  1 baked
  1 hospitals
  1 evaporated
  1 spoken
  1 sicken
  1 surrounded
  1 stake
  1 outsider
  1 enemy
  1 window
  1 dangerous
  1 illuminating
  1 badly
  1 evil
  1 virus
  1 grilling
  1 vigorous
  1 catch
  1 rhythmically
  1 heavy
  1 subtlety
  1 headed
  1 tenth
  1 isolation
  1 matrons
  1 night
  1 softening
  1 joined
  1 auspicious
  1 round
  1 weather
  1 draw
  1 instantly
  1 gestures
  1 chase
  1 twice
  1 wistful
  1 tells
  1 einstein
  1 eyed
  1 can't
  1 hook-hand
  1 accustomed
  1 scientific
  1 tucking
  1 fermented
  1 angry
  1 century
  1 tossed
  1 nine
  1 cell
  1 selfish
  1 fertilizer
  1 smiles
  1 heli
  1 traders
  1 breaks
  1 closer
  1 showed
  1 conical-hatted
  1 sickness
  1 commenting
  1 rustled
  1 gently
  1 jelly
  1 grunted
  1 thirsts
  1 unhidden
  1 stormed
  1 pages
  1 labored
  1 clung
  1 dictates
  1 production
  1 lightning
  1 congealing
  1 encroaches
  1 shirt
  1 outskirts
  1 muffled
  1 careless
  1 raise
  1 stifling
  1 tying
  1 mirrored
  1 continue
  1 lizards
  1 doses
  1 filling
  1 troubles
  1 despite
  1 paid
  1 mattered
  1 swathe
  1 clothing
  1 955
  1 meditating
  1 favored
  1 carry
  1 minutes
  1 seli
  1 meals
  1 soaking
  1 gleaming
  1 attacked
  1 diamonds
  1 lolled
  1 capped
  1 speculatively
  1 cheeky
  1 camped
  1 pigment
  1 charge
  1 statues
  1 streaked
  1 masks
  1 sung
  1 grabbed
  1 slapped
  1 safe
  1 lilac
  1 urging
  1 bedding
  1 jerked
  1 softened
  1 mean
  1 cosmetics
  1 spent
  1 life-giving
  1 ancients
  1 distrust
  1 bought
  1 fur
  1 harm
  1 perform
  1 blazed
  1 shake
  1 remain
  1 steaming
  1 nearby
  1 proverb
  1 planet
  1 grinned
  1 perhaps
  1 demands
  1 spasm
  1 remained
  1 burns
  1 fountain
  1 feathers
  1 community
  1 reunion
  1 frowned
  1 gain
  1 distillation
  1 skittered
  1 destroy
  1 pillage
  1 consciousness
  1 structure
  1 chaperones

696.

The People of Sand and Slag - Paolo Bacigalupi : z non-fiction - z concordance - 3.0 

The People Of Sand and Slag

  394 the
  256 it
  195 and
  190 i
  183 to
  167 a
  143 of
  105 we
  100 s
  88 jaak
  87 you
  82 in
  76 lisa
  75 dog
  73 t
  71 was
  65 he
  63 that
  60 its
  60 his
  58 on
  55 as
  53 out
  52 she
  51 at
  49 for
  49 her
  47 up
  46 me
  45 with
  39 my
  39 into
  37 but
  36 have
  34 they
  34 like
  33 from
  33 us
  32 what
  29 all
  29 down
  28 him
  27 had
  26 said
  25 could
  24 so
  23 off
  23 animal
  23 were
  23 our
  23 do
  22 if
  21 no
  21 back
  21 be
  21 musharraf
  21 when
  20 over
  20 not
  18 can
  18 there
  18 would
  18 get
  18 d
  18 looked
  18 got
  18 head
  17 think
  17 your
  17 one
  17 know
  17 them
  17 hunter
  16 an
  16 good
  16 eat
  16 didn
  15 tailings
  15 or
  15 don
  15 just
  15 then
  15 some
  15 take
  15 around
  14 about
  14 away
  14 shook
  13 shrugged
  13 should
  13 something
  13 re
  12 want
  12 arm
  12 this
  12 sand
  12 how
  12 their
  12 is
  11 by
  11 are
  11 more
  11 look
  11 slag
  11 laughed
  11 room
  10 ran
  10 even
  10 right
  10 beach
  10 after
  10 kind
  10 bio-job
  10 still
  10 food
  10 dna
  10 watched
  10 well
  10 ve
  10 through
  10 while
  10 time
  10 kit
  10 lay
  9 hev
  9 cage
  9 face
  9 hands
  9 without
  9 went
  9 wouldn
  9 any
  9 again
  9 blood
  9 thought
  9 now
  9 makes
  9 thing
  8 going
  8 really
  8 nothing
  8 real
  8 who
  8 way
  8 stared
  8 water
  8 started
  8 new
  8 m
  8 here
  8 asked
  8 held
  8 grinned
  7 studied
  7 centaurs
  7 ll
  7 already
  7 blades
  7 came
  7 did
  7 skin
  7 make
  7 big
  7 glanced
  7 another
  7 wanted
  7 yeah
  7 used
  7 hand
  7 found
  7 sesco
  7 mud
  7 been
  7 anything
  7 along
  7 before
  6 people
  6 hatch
  6 weeviltech
  6 keep
  6 pellets
  6 centaur
  6 bunbaum
  6 running
  6 maybe
  6 own
  6 than
  6 data
  6 sure
  6 whole
  6 zoo
  6 sat
  6 come
  6 stuck
  6 won
  6 ever
  6 done
  6 too
  6 tried
  6 turned
  6 ridge
  6 live
  5 101
  5 dragged
  5 mining
  5 valley
  5 go
  5 black
  5 call
  5 cook
  5 hair
  5 tangled
  5 life
  5 eyes
  5 mouth
  5 little
  5 those
  5 couldn
  5 ocean
  5 onto
  5 harmonica
  5 close
  5 where
  5 flight
  5 only
  5 sun
  5 vacation
  5 put
  5 pits
  5 dogs
  5 response
  5 weird
  5 friend
  5 reached
  5 animals
  5 across
  5 made
  5 once
  5 see
  5 night
  5 supposed
  5 limbs
  5 mean
  4 turbofans
  4 top
  4 things
  4 hell
  4 earth
  4 red
  4 stuff
  4 tick
  4 tests
  4 meat
  4 climbed
  4 slow
  4 beside
  4 dead
  4 say
  4 handful
  4 monitoring
  4 later
  4 kept
  4 thick
  4 shit
  4 movement
  4 long
  4 bunker
  4 took
  4 might
  4 fed
  4 second
  4 work
  4 chen
  4 vulnerable
  4 finished
  4 half
  4 find
  4 let
  4 mountains
  4 quite
  4 warm
  4 last
  4 toward
  4 science
  4 leaving
  4 against
  4 catchment
  4 inside
  4 feed
  4 book
  4 though
  4 break
  4 other
  4 immersive
  4 target
  4 ship
  4 broken
  4 wasn
  4 followed
  4 stood
  4 sank
  4 hard
  4 having
  4 reading
  4 paw
  4 easy
  4 minute
  4 try
  4 played
  4 guess
  4 waves
  4 either
  4 teeth
  4 bunk
  4 acid
  4 short
  4 fur
  4 nodded
  4 shake
  4 frowned
  4 trying
  4 checked
  4 seriously
  3 dropped
  3 paws
  3 heal
  3 wait
  3 lights
  3 worked
  3 giving
  3 scree
  3 hear
  3 fine
  3 sliced
  3 yellow
  3 set
  3 everything
  3 shut
  3 wondered
  3 pellet
  3 itself
  3 below
  3 heads-up
  3 sick
  3 remarkable
  3 caught
  3 oh
  3 clean
  3 basic
  3 never
  3 tear
  3 surprised
  3 every
  3 watching
  3 isn
  3 sky
  3 software
  3 yanked
  3 ripped
  3 licking
  3 licked
  3 understand
  3 specimen
  3 past
  3 gave
  3 run
  3 under
  3 distance
  3 move
  3 blah
  3 bed
  3 rock
  3 creature
  3 end
  3 memory
  3 pilot
  3 smiled
  3 legs
  3 someone
  3 three
  3 lying
  3 backed
  3 smile
  3 forward
  3 light
  3 wind
  3 will
  3 patches
  3 equipment
  3 horizon
  3 tasted
  3 hentasas
  3 hit
  3 free
  3 worry
  3 hour
  3 rat
  3 fragile
  3 stripped
  3 kill
  3 day
  3 seemed
  3 body
  3 since
  3 muttered
  3 pulled
  3 himself
  3 always
  3 alive
  3 because
  3 muzzle
  3 decide
  3 give
  3 man
  3 lab
  3 biologist
  3 bots
  3 operations
  3 believe
  3 moving
  3 base
  3 perimeter
  3 far
  3 exposed
  3 pay
  3 standing
  3 cut
  3 low
  3 torn
  3 read
  3 forth
  3 exoskeleton
  3 chamber
  3 ate
  3 enough
  3 glinted
  3 doesn
  3 hang
  3 belly
  2 wild
  2 corralled
  2 shouted
  2 upright
  2 flesh
  2 skimmed
  2 bonus
  2 front
  2 sink
  2 knelt
  2 engines
  2 wash
  2 regrowing
  2 better
  2 surprise
  2 trailed
  2 arms
  2 explosives
  2 green
  2 impressed
  2 web
  2 seconds
  2 wonder
  2 does
  2 center
  2 slipped
  2 compassion
  2 sleep
  2 bleed
  2 old
  2 speed
  2 snarling
  2 petroleum
  2 unaware
  2 cocked
  2 bad
  2 organism
  2 deeper
  2 darkness
  2 decoy
  2 higher
  2 results
  2 waters
  2 cocoon
  2 talk
  2 easily
  2 tail
  2 fix
  2 muted
  2 paused
  2 nope
  2 fire
  2 dermdecora
  2 amongst
  2 feet
  2 panting
  2 twitched
  2 swimming
  2 god
  2 turning
  2 pau
  2 bombing
  2 pushed
  2 lifted
  2 calling
  2 maps
  2 brains
  2 care
  2 soil
  2 study
  2 bloody
  2 yearly
  2 alone
  2 faster
  2 mass
  2 tickle
  2 cold
  2 dirty
  2 regrow
  2 wound
  2 poured
  2 lived
  2 coyote
  2 starving
  2 getting
  2 determined
  2 opened
  2 goes
  2 group
  2 tactical
  2 couple
  2 attempt
  2 dropping
  2 origin
  2 bulk
  2 sending
  2 reach
  2 bones
  2 great
  2 living
  2 growling
  2 hazard
  2 leaves
  2 chair
  2 leg
  2 smoke
  2 intelligence
  2 acids
  2 suspiciously
  2 expensive
  2 each
  2 grit
  2 bone
  2 cutting
  2 rubbed
  2 old-time
  2 attention
  2 special
  2 full
  2 excited
  2 money
  2 metallic
  2 nodding
  2 ponds
  2 beat
  2 headlong
  2 rooms
  2 sake
  2 mini
  2 threatening
  2 hundreds
  2 jumped
  2 village
  2 much
  2 part
  2 doctor
  2 bonuses
  2 seen
  2 slagged
  2 blinking
  2 hooked
  2 screaming
  2 sniffing
  2 sometimes
  2 dilated
  2 theater
  2 tarmac
  2 stopped
  2 screen
  2 fifteen
  2 roll
  2 probably
  2 swim
  2 heard
  2 behavior
  2 pet
  2 skull
  2 smash
  2 next
  2 worms
  2 waste
  2 same
  2 scary
  2 palm
  2 flying
  2 shoulders
  2 dangled
  2 middle
  2 ragged
  2 pissed
  2 ahead
  2 wake
  2 chain
  2 forced
  2 smoldering
  2 sighed
  2 dinner
  2 attack
  2 razor
  2 display
  2 disappeared
  2 lunged
  2 awfully
  2 am
  2 latched
  2 fully
  2 why
  2 must
  2 intruder
  2 needle
  2 razors
  2 shattered
  2 howl
  2 nuke
  2 clearly
  2 lost
  2 okay
  2 grinning
  2 tearing
  2 soft
  2 wants
  2 sucker
  2 tracery
  2 worth
  2 monomol
  2 shaggy
  2 squirmy
  2 evolutionary
  2 addendums
  2 leaned
  2 triple
  2 corner
  2 nukes
  2 air
  2 costs
  2 looks
  2 ground
  2 alvarez
  2 further
  2 walk
  2 thirty
  2 remember
  2 glowed
  2 crashed
  2 instead
  2 game
  2 staring
  2 glow
  2 lake
  2 dove
  2 libraries
  2 terrain
  2 finally
  2 aren
  2 filtration
  2 glowing
  2 enemy
  2 such
  2 shape
  2 adrenaline
  2 l
  2 mrs
  2 relaxed
  2 christ
  2 common
  2 human
  2 driving
  2 eyed
  2 wormy
  2 closed
  2 has
  2 sampler
  2 tell
  2 slopes
  2 pathetic
  2 looking
  2 door
  2 buried
  2 scanners
  2 began
  2 mark
  2 bought
  2 foundation
  2 drop
  2 hawaii
  2 goggles
  2 fought
  2 cycled
  2 saw
  2 above
  2 help
  2 modifications
  2 play
  1 thinks
  1 unsure
  1 mortal
  1 taken
  1 load
  1 materials
  1 tempting
  1 rags
  1 matters
  1 fuck
  1 bellows
  1 exercise
  1 cracked
  1 uncertainly
  1 bit
  1 oozing
  1 knew
  1 setting
  1 ir
  1 thank
  1 hauled
  1 cool
  1 ended
  1 absorbing
  1 check
  1 picking
  1 death
  1 naked
  1 8
  1 eye
  1 keeping
  1 everyone
  1 lies
  1 hentasa
  1 fight
  1 gone
  1 flopped
  1 ravenous
  1 protection
  1 certain
  1 allowing
  1 banshees
  1 growl
  1 c-cell
  1 marked
  1 exoskeletons
  1 tattoo
  1 few
  1 win
  1 femur
  1 york
  1 swabbed
  1 recreate
  1 contact
  1 famous
  1 groused
  1 peeped
  1 beaches
  1 return
  1 stone
  1 rose
  1 river
  1 rocks
  1 sentry
  1 pre-history
  1 jet
  1 roared
  1 supply
  1 boot
  1 roasted
  1 smiling
  1 feeding
  1 bunkroom
  1 matted
  1 resulting
  1 watch
  1 lucky
  1 build
  1 ornaments
  1 vial
  1 poisoned
  1 tap
  1 drugs
  1 thigh
  1 known
  1 building
  1 unstable
  1 holding
  1 deal
  1 wrangling
  1 city
  1 glowspine
  1 kingdom
  1 monsters
  1 wrinkled
  1 happy
  1 hated
  1 table
  1 immersion
  1 dipped
  1 curled
  1 line
  1 glistened
  1 result
  1 spat
  1 bio-logic
  1 flames
  1 pointing
  1 poison
  1 atrophied
  1 wire
  1 retrieval
  1 job
  1 giant
  1 stained
  1 white
  1 missile
  1 oneself
  1 phoenix
  1 outside
  1 per
  1 immortality
  1 process
  1 torso
  1 dreadlocked
  1 visitor
  1 parties
  1 vote
  1 working
  1 sentience
  1 infrared
  1 recreating
  1 driven
  1 drifted
  1 wiped
  1 both
  1 icy
  1 print
  1 threw
  1 flew
  1 shouldered
  1 dug
  1 eventually
  1 offered
  1 decisions
  1 rendered
  1 salutes
  1 signals
  1 practically
  1 draping
  1 iridescent
  1 ineffectual
  1 surviving
  1 object
  1 wrapped
  1 spun
  1 fuller
  1 bandoleers
  1 ourselves
  1 bad-ass
  1 third
  1 old-timey
  1 pants
  1 mostly
  1 wrote
  1 musharraf's
  1 agree
  1 behind
  1 anyway
  1 goddamn
  1 lightly
  1 comforting
  1 hot
  1 revealing
  1 grade
  1 alarms
  1 streams
  1 drink
  1 op-force
  1 packs
  1 closely
  1 bulkhead
  1 scrub
  1 whispered
  1 bleeding
  1 punched
  1 gingerly
  1 sickeningly
  1 environment
  1 jewel
  1 adding
  1 raze
  1 boulders
  1 landscape
  1 stored
  1 bombed
  1 screens
  1 whimpered
  1 shale
  1 replaced
  1 gas
  1 hope
  1 knife
  1 dimly
  1 blinked
  1 today
  1 shoved
  1 severed
  1 impaired
  1 designed
  1 intravenous
  1 shared
  1 humming
  1 comes
  1 ears
  1 ours
  1 splint
  1 slope
  1 pack
  1 choppy
  1 astounded
  1 peep
  1 breathed
  1 rolled
  1 whatever
  1 blazing
  1 plastic
  1 simple
  1 spurted
  1 mem-adds
  1 splattered
  1 blame
  1 helping
  1 showing
  1 staff
  1 release
  1 deadly
  1 cooking
  1 laboratories
  1 melted
  1 database
  1 mercury
  1 fins
  1 aura
  1 directions
  1 carrying
  1 unstrapped
  1 delicacy
  1 arcades
  1 bowl
  1 dimness
  1 banked
  1 wary
  1 monotonous
  1 expected
  1 barbed-wire
  1 morning
  1 shoot
  1 scrap
  1 shading
  1 drive
  1 bloodshed
  1 silent
  1 saved
  1 cruising
  1 player
  1 veils
  1 somewhere
  1 compatible
  1 bio-melt
  1 woke
  1 opening
  1 many
  1 buy
  1 fat
  1 boosters
  1 recessionists
  1 irritation
  1 talking
  1 orange
  1 murmured
  1 happening
  1 moment
  1 disconnected
  1 flashes
  1 act
  1 plastics
  1 scrum
  1 loomed
  1 virtual
  1 provide
  1 flinging
  1 sitting
  1 stand
  1 shards
  1 dark
  1 withered
  1 shoreline
  1 crap
  1 spilled
  1 heat
  1 shuddered
  1 focused
  1 damn
  1 quick
  1 fast
  1 instinct
  1 poet
  1 fortifications
  1 map
  1 presented
  1 match
  1 sooner
  1 survive
  1 tangle
  1 damned
  1 dull
  1 buzzed
  1 california
  1 case
  1 series
  1 ridgelines
  1 places
  1 killers
  1 observation
  1 surface
  1 hostile
  1 snuffling
  1 healing
  1 sensors
  1 swept
  1 gully
  1 strode
  1 skimming
  1 spirals
  1 beyond
  1 together
  1 frustrating
  1 photo
  1 stiff
  1 pit
  1 snorting
  1 suggested
  1 chunk
  1 extra
  1 touched
  1 embedded
  1 blurring
  1 yards
  1 wandered
  1 security
  1 shaken
  1 cheap
  1 cornered
  1 feedback
  1 tricks
  1 beads
  1 hide-and-seek
  1 spattering
  1 art
  1 length
  1 transcended
  1 truly
  1 metal
  1 feeds
  1 trail
  1 foolish
  1 turn
  1 fin
  1 iron
  1 cost
  1 satellites
  1 gear
  1 impact
  1 manufacturing
  1 letting
  1 answer
  1 lin
  1 oil
  1 inches
  1 waved
  1 biting
  1 buys
  1 surge
  1 tattooed
  1 adapters
  1 detection
  1 collection
  1 hasn
  1 eaters
  1 notice
  1 home
  1 sparks
  1 bewildered
  1 stab
  1 large
  1 gravely
  1 japanese
  1 mayhem
  1 urine
  1 neck
  1 cobalt
  1 vomiting
  1 v
  1 portable
  1 chemical
  1 miss
  1 comm
  1 magnification
  1 monitor
  1 cancun
  1 sullen
  1 beautiful
  1 unlocked
  1 expect
  1 wiggled
  1 history
  1 awake
  1 grumbled
  1 nursemaid
  1 forded
  1 pleased
  1 wagged
  1 shaded
  1 manufacture
  1 stops
  1 lead
  1 shivered
  1 narrow
  1 receded
  1 fitted
  1 sorry
  1 logged
  1 thinking
  1 vulnerability
  1 breathing
  1 discussion
  1 heart
  1 talked
  1 stylized
  1 barb-wire
  1 scream
  1 circling
  1 struggled
  1 half-buried
  1 mush
  1 lime
  1 slowed
  1 vicious
  1 integration
  1 petals
  1 sheep
  1 love
  1 hillside
  1 putting
  1 creek
  1 underneath
  1 tagged
  1 thoughtfully
  1 furry
  1 woodblock
  1 grown
  1 mined
  1 pretty
  1 telling
  1 landing
  1 stumps
  1 swirling
  1 stations
  1 hurtled
  1 whether
  1 forever
  1 kneecaps
  1 needed
  1 surged
  1 settings
  1 nose
  1 thanks
  1 two
  1 wide
  1 finger
  1 screamed
  1 foe
  1 engineers
  1 start
  1 responders
  1 pawed
  1 combat
  1 voice
  1 racks
  1 swooping
  1 jarred
  1 evolve
  1 arteries
  1 enlightening
  1 weight
  1 packing
  1 voices
  1 busted
  1 rip
  1 reality
  1 pieces
  1 ripping
  1 accidentally
  1 searched
  1 aliens
  1 cycling
  1 anyone
  1 assault
  1 protocols
  1 herded
  1 darker
  1 hiss
  1 flexed
  1 grow
  1 shots
  1 blown
  1 positions
  1 hardly
  1 outer
  1 rottweiler
  1 fumed
  1 gratefully
  1 ten
  1 foresee
  1 pricking
  1 kid
  1 soldiers
  1 decision
  1 delicate
  1 outlined
  1 piped
  1 patterns
  1 knee-deep
  1 sweet
  1 thousand-foot
  1 bloodied
  1 paris
  1 ceiling
  1 report
  1 adapter
  1 muscles
  1 considered
  1 weekend
  1 slaughtered
  1 most
  1 half-open
  1 skated
  1 spoonful
  1 information
  1 clods
  1 fluttered
  1 shrieking
  1 hello
  1 happen
  1 montana
  1 siberia
  1 knocked
  1 ugly
  1 limb
  1 command
  1 left
  1 experiment
  1 very
  1 tore
  1 joyride
  1 churning
  1 nice
  1 garbage
  1 robot
  1 tight
  1 upgrades
  1 became
  1 refugees
  1 sway
  1 sweat
  1 particulates
  1 blond
  1 overhead
  1 smashed
  1 redly
  1 stuffed
  1 meet
  1 dead-end
  1 opalescent
  1 whipped
  1 dependent
  1 baring
  1 sheen
  1 hassle
  1 dominated
  1 slick
  1 bowed
  1 breed
  1 underside
  1 pipe
  1 defense
  1 hollering
  1 snuffled
  1 suit
  1 direct
  1 bio-engineer
  1 scar
  1 sharpened
  1 exclamation
  1 trusting
  1 increasing
  1 weeks
  1 roast
  1 fly
  1 rhymes
  1 least
  1 thermal
  1 sop
  1 analysis
  1 guided
  1 rays
  1 bough
  1 independent
  1 cutscape
  1 weapons
  1 unfortunately
  1 often
  1 notes
  1 roaring
  1 implants
  1 almost
  1 peninsula
  1 instruments
  1 bright
  1 finding
  1 recipes
  1 duty
  1 feedings
  1 fascinated
  1 push
  1 roughening
  1 channeled
  1 died
  1 robots
  1 intended
  1 handing
  1 glimmered
  1 believed
  1 company
  1 operate
  1 jaundiced
  1 slashed
  1 rabble
  1 rammed
  1 burning
  1 larger
  1 loose
  1 hanging
  1 slept
  1 campaign
  1 shimmering
  1 dim
  1 sent
  1 carcass
  1 property
  1 chewed
  1 displayed
  1 mount
  1 launched
  1 liked
  1 orders
  1 gobbling
  1 eaten
  1 mist
  1 fuji
  1 antarctic
  1 jazzy
  1 growled
  1 spread
  1 ass
  1 rictus
  1 glass
  1 yet
  1 squeezed
  1 certainly
  1 music
  1 habit
  1 broke
  1 playing
  1 else
  1 encouraged
  1 sludgy
  1 rack
  1 quadruped
  1 needs
  1 missing
  1 scratch
  1 begin
  1 yowled
  1 intruders
  1 between
  1 parts
  1 peer
  1 flaming
  1 slashbangs
  1 responded
  1 slid
  1 mournful
  1 nelly
  1 interbreed
  1 bolted
  1 buffer
  1 laughing
  1 satellite
  1 rapidly
  1 surf
  1 piles
  1 jewels
  1 slashes
  1 ditch
  1 breathe
  1 whooping
  1 bronze
  1 wolf
  1 mind
  1 rumbled
  1 saving
  1 tribe
  1 kidding
  1 draped
  1 hundred
  1 squawked
  1 bummer
  1 studying
  1 manual
  1 filters
  1 carpet
  1 mushi-something
  1 pout
  1 course
  1 hackles
  1 weapon
  1 lower
  1 suppose
  1 funny
  1 makeshift
  1 computers
  1 design
  1 scientist
  1 lit
  1 shanks
  1 critters
  1 path
  1 single
  1 drew
  1 cityscape
  1 strafing
  1 motioned
  1 withdrew
  1 locks
  1 ridges
  1 unmodified
  1 mange
  1 corrected
  1 northern
  1 swung
  1 hard-to-reach
  1 normally
  1 gods
  1 altitude
  1 loud
  1 radar
  1 friendly
  1 upper
  1 runs
  1 paolo
  1 aggressive
  1 trickling
  1 viscous
  1 chop
  1 phosphorescent
  1 lakes
  1 inhibitors
  1 discovered
  1 clotting
  1 overrode
  1 machines
  1 hung
  1 powerful
  1 pays
  1 alerts
  1 easier
  1 species
  1 salary
  1 led
  1 tongue
  1 covers
  1 solemn
  1 apparently
  1 movements
  1 curve
  1 flushed
  1 stream
  1 genetic
  1 ready
  1 myself
  1 crazy
  1 knock-offs
  1 suckers
  1 surgepacks
  1 sex
  1 exchanged
  1 haven
  1 ts-101
  1 oily
  1 ball
  1 trusted
  1 carved
  1 slap
  1 blobs
  1 shoulder
  1 surfaced
  1 wasted
  1 scrolled
  1 blew
  1 dragging
  1 chartered
  1 peered
  1 meant
  1 pacific
  1 flashed
  1 plunged
  1 restrained
  1 weighed
  1 cluster
  1 cropping
  1 concentrate
  1 hurry
  1 masked
  1 baby
  1 guy
  1 shore
  1 muddy
  1 jogged
  1 incredulous
  1 half-slagged
  1 tunelessly
  1 survival
  1 military
  1 throwing
  1 cellstims
  1 overtook
  1 figure
  1 limp
  1 being
  1 scanned
  1 beneath
  1 swallowed
  1 lurched
  1 walls
  1 different
  1 displays
  1 quickly
  1 otherwise
  1 trained
  1 countermeasures
  1 afterward
  1 glances
  1 floe
  1 forearm
  1 extraordinary
  1 rushed
  1 consensus
  1 yes
  1 blocks
  1 tickling
  1 wires
  1 eel
  1 microweevils
  1 drizzled
  1 called
  1 crimson
  1 swimmer
  1 starts
  1 aesthetes
  1 assassinate
  1 expecting
  1 waited
  1 step
  1 haunches
  1 breeds
  1 unauthorized
  1 helmet
  1 implanting
  1 scanner
  1 scale
  1 leveled
  1 suicide
  1 slowly
  1 unknown
  1 bared
  1 adjusted
  1 train-able
  1 breaking
  1 point
  1 tattoos
  1 performance
  1 gained
  1 which
  1 carried
  1 verge
  1 admit
  1 cortex
  1 sound
  1 spit
  1 cancer
  1 shaking
  1 doggy
  1 swearing
  1 bacigalupi
  1 small
  1 briefly
  1 heritage
  1 mess
  1 golden
  1 stinging
  1 vestigial
  1 bigger
  1 kilos
  1 kilometers
  1 opals
  1 amputate
  1 shelf
  1 slammed
  1 pink
  1 evidence
  1 festering
  1 precisely
  1 profits
  1 modification
  1 coming
  1 basically
  1 reinforcements
  1 gene
  1 temptation
  1 panted
  1 trot
  1 dialed
  1 shank
  1 conflict
  1 join
  1 awkwardly
  1 leftovers
  1 gentle
  1 dinosaur
  1 likes
  1 strapped
  1 complications
  1 pain
  1 piled
  1 snows
  1 surrounded
  1 rubble
  1 killed
  1 skyward
  1 snap
  1 tracking
  1 window
  1 illuminating
  1 amber
  1 sealing
  1 edge
  1 stroke
  1 discussed
  1 razored
  1 falling
  1 catch
  1 floor
  1 heavy
  1 fun
  1 headed
  1 hatred
  1 maintain
  1 slicks
  1 gobbled
  1 dripping
  1 hadn
  1 vacuum
  1 walked
  1 enjoy
  1 violently
  1 spinning
  1 devoured
  1 icarus
  1 complex
  1 mists
  1 agreed
  1 tossed
  1 quiet
  1 flexible
  1 cry
  1 auto
  1 showed
  1 closer
  1 filled
  1 anti-collision
  1 dying
  1 rustled
  1 tie-breaker
  1 scowled
  1 barehanded
  1 reason
  1 modified
  1 seem
  1 limitless
  1 apart
  1 suddenly
  1 leave
  1 core
  1 massive
  1 irritated
  1 stretched
  1 spending
  1 mountainscapes
  1 days
  1 strapping
  1 quadrupedal
  1 slash
  1 useful
  1 desperate
  1 gnawed
  1 guys
  1 completely
  1 band
  1 safety
  1 use
  1 sealed
  1 pre-weeviltech
  1 filling
  1 shallow
  1 melt
  1 until
  1 switched
  1 strangled
  1 majority
  1 tats
  1 name
  1 minutes
  1 retest
  1 learn
  1 tailbone
  1 blip
  1 shiny
  1 views
  1 hires
  1 charge
  1 oozed
  1 sides
  1 grabbed
  1 threatened
  1 rusting
  1 sharpening
  1 typical
  1 slapped
  1 stump
  1 ice
  1 clouds
  1 amping
  1 blasts
  1 pointed
  1 stomach
  1 jerked
  1 brought
  1 shop
  1 spent
  1 vaporizing
  1 homeland
  1 leaped
  1 instincts
  1 years
  1 brown
  1 contentedly
  1 brain
  1 taste
  1 nearby
  1 stupid
  1 weren
  1 moved
  1 burns
  1 sudden
  1 sentient
  1 bullshit
  1 dismember
  1 nuzzled
  1 place
  1 forget
  1 high
  1 idly
  1 bastard
  1 tugged
  1 first
  1 thin
  1 snow
  1 feebly
  1 real-time

697.

The Tamarisk Hunter - Paolo Bacigalupi : z non-fiction - z concordance - 3.0 

The Tamarisk Hunter

  255 the
  164 and
  132 a
  111 to
  99 of
  84 he
  72 they
  70 it
  68 lolo
  63 his
  54 in
  53 water
  47 you
  46 out
  42 that
  41 on
  40 i
  38 down
  37 for
  36 with
  34 but
  31 all
  30 tamarisk
  28 up
  27 him
  26 at
  26 when
  26 like
  25 river
  25 as
  25 is
  23 their
  23 got
  21 there
  20 what
  20 it's
  19 off
  19 he's
  19 still
  19 then
  19 them
  19 hale
  18 annie
  18 are
  17 travis
  16 people
  16 just
  16 not
  15 was
  15 from
  15 into
  14 or
  14 about
  14 if
  14 her
  13 me
  13 don't
  13 one
  13 big
  13 been
  12 want
  12 they're
  12 again
  12 probably
  12 here
  12 guardies
  12 maggie
  12 well
  12 so
  12 has
  12 around
  11 can
  11 could
  11 get
  11 were
  11 its
  11 an
  11 this
  11 had
  11 says
  11 they've
  10 even
  10 that's
  10 she
  10 california
  10 long
  10 back
  10 know
  10 patch
  9 have
  9 way
  9 maybe
  9 bounty
  9 any
  9 some
  9 do
  9 now
  9 hand
  9 can't
  9 years
  8 no
  8 gets
  8 lolo's
  8 be
  8 there's
  8 where
  8 other
  8 didn't
  8 yeah
  8 straw
  8 how
  8 too
  8 time
  7 by
  7 guard
  7 national
  7 those
  7 we
  7 couple
  7 than
  7 after
  7 your
  7 more
  7 shotgun
  7 make
  7 doesn't
  7 over
  7 burec
  7 us
  7 before
  6 everyone
  6 think
  6 guardie
  6 anyway
  6 hot
  6 right
  6 ago
  6 run
  6 went
  6 year
  6 headgate
  6 much
  6 same
  6 why
  6 himself
  6 finally
  6 tell
  6 town
  5 going
  5 keep
  5 em
  5 hell
  5 nothing
  5 something
  5 surprised
  5 stand
  5 blow
  5 away
  5 goes
  5 face
  5 my
  5 laughs
  5 havasu
  5 sure
  5 work
  5 two
  5 let
  5 sometimes
  5 against
  5 else
  5 another
  5 isn't
  5 looks
  5 starts
  5 while
  5 take
  5 daddy
  5 enough
  5 saw
  4 really
  4 few
  4 i'm
  4 towns
  4 both
  4 old
  4 below
  4 talk
  4 interior
  4 life
  4 talking
  4 watching
  4 eyes
  4 damn
  4 we're
  4 she'll
  4 pauses
  4 buckets
  4 shit
  4 department
  4 grins
  4 stares
  4 might
  4 started
  4 canyon
  4 camel
  4 calies
  4 blown
  4 most
  4 look
  4 stop
  4 good
  4 hunting
  4 come
  4 ticks
  4 sun
  4 last
  4 inside
  4 put
  4 choppers
  4 hasn't
  4 arizona
  4 empty
  4 give
  4 remember
  4 remembers
  4 calie
  4 lake
  4 camera
  4 edge
  4 see
  4 north
  4 supposed
  4 reason
  4 suddenly
  4 use
  4 looking
  4 week
  4 forces
  4 trying
  3 colorado
  3 lets
  3 check
  3 won't
  3 told
  3 serious
  3 already
  3 sees
  3 drought's
  3 real
  3 cities
  3 program
  3 they'll
  3 plants
  3 drought
  3 doing
  3 go
  3 streets
  3 cows
  3 open
  3 comes
  3 who
  3 hill
  3 never
  3 blue
  3 many
  3 every
  3 sky
  3 family
  3 shopping
  3 they'd
  3 little
  3 dead
  3 say
  3 together
  3 chopper
  3 cold
  3 said
  3 maggie's
  3 shadows
  3 juniper
  3 kind
  3 takes
  3 stands
  3 whole
  3 calls
  3 finished
  3 you're
  3 hidden
  3 did
  3 marks
  3 ten
  3 offering
  3 desert
  3 knows
  3 i'll
  3 shrugs
  3 weren't
  3 dry
  3 deep
  3 next
  3 utah
  3 secret
  3 thought
  3 pulls
  3 mind
  3 hundred
  3 day
  3 humvees
  3 sets
  3 scowls
  3 points
  3 haven't
  3 rights
  3 hale's
  3 worth
  3 dollars
  3 bank
  3 done
  3 dust
  3 used
  3 being
  3 ground
  3 glances
  3 best
  3 slowly
  3 across
  3 shutting
  3 booklet
  3 night
  3 waves
  3 tried
  3 quiet
  3 five
  3 side
  3 hunter
  3 until
  3 head
  3 lot
  3 works
  3 along
  3 humvee
  3 4
  2 million
  2 coal
  2 land
  2 bit
  2 lots
  2 hauled
  2 cool
  2 death
  2 proof
  2 slung
  2 fight
  2 ran
  2 top
  2 bunch
  2 fish
  2 rockbar
  2 breath
  2 reaches
  2 watch
  2 lucky
  2 saying
  2 table
  2 green
  2 set
  2 house
  2 poison
  2 plus
  2 need
  2 houses
  2 cup
  2 working
  2 shut
  2 swarms
  2 travis's
  2 camel's
  2 behind
  2 californians
  2 bad
  2 bottom
  2 drink
  2 grateful
  2 blades
  2 plan
  2 today
  2 sick
  2 cistern
  2 whatever
  2 amongst
  2 grass
  2 shoot
  2 studies
  2 silent
  2 swimming
  2 pushed
  2 calling
  2 fast
  2 tangle
  2 running
  2 silver
  2 lean
  2 wasn't
  2 pumping
  2 nods
  2 later
  2 turn
  2 gave
  2 gear
  2 smart
  2 sighs
  2 opened
  2 movement
  2 built
  2 puts
  2 potshots
  2 treatment
  2 great
  2 without
  2 mesa
  2 living
  2 sorry
  2 steadier
  2 dents
  2 heart
  2 allowable
  2 protect
  2 someone
  2 fall
  2 onto
  2 new
  2 expensive
  2 silence
  2 jugs
  2 shakes
  2 voice
  2 fields
  2 half
  2 money
  2 sits
  2 anyone
  2 stifles
  2 hundreds
  2 groans
  2 trees
  2 sounds
  2 winter
  2 part
  2 cause
  2 problem
  2 avoid
  2 patches
  2 deeps
  2 overhead
  2 magpie
  2 stopped
  2 cleared
  2 pipe
  2 acre-feet
  2 homestead
  2 tanned
  2 reseeding
  2 least
  2 uniform
  2 bid
  2 almost
  2 guns
  2 toward
  2 hit
  2 labor
  2 middle
  2 yet
  2 kneel
  2 eco-crazies
  2 barely
  2 urge
  2 healthy
  2 break
  2 single
  2 quit
  2 what's
  2 runs
  2 always
  2 lost
  2 okay
  2 wanted
  2 wants
  2 trough
  2 she's
  2 office
  2 bulletproof
  2 train
  2 shoulder
  2 pool
  2 approaching
  2 insurance
  2 guidelines
  2 confirm
  2 air
  2 guy
  2 crimes
  2 planting
  2 different
  2 believe
  2 spits
  2 moving
  2 couldn't
  2 holds
  2 reins
  2 familiar
  2 which
  2 far
  2 scabbard
  2 spit
  2 riverbanks
  2 camp
  2 shot
  2 plant
  2 low
  2 evidence
  2 asks
  2 through
  2 realized
  2 coming
  2 likes
  2 field
  2 once
  2 vigorous
  2 these
  2 barrels
  2 wouldn't
  2 smiles
  2 closer
  2 turned
  2 pages
  2 keeps
  2 shovel
  2 shooting
  2 blm
  2 vest
  2 uploaded
  2 bet
  2 football
  2 stupid
  2 stay
  2 fought
  2 evaporation
  2 place
  2 high
  2 above
  2 help
  2 first
  2 snow
  1 dropped
  1 beats
  1 quickcrete
  1 gray
  1 rags
  1 trust
  1 heal
  1 wait
  1 seeing
  1 riverbank
  1 birds
  1 ultralight
  1 arc
  1 considers
  1 crest
  1 subdivisions
  1 skeleton
  1 setting
  1 bolts
  1 project
  1 worked
  1 lonely
  1 goose-stepping
  1 picking
  1 dandelion
  1 situation
  1 stretch
  1 matter
  1 scree
  1 flopped
  1 self-mocking
  1 south
  1 arresting
  1 aqueducts
  1 cept
  1 splitting
  1 local
  1 sink
  1 toss
  1 keg
  1 directly
  1 things
  1 truck
  1 seeds
  1 banging
  1 show
  1 sprayed
  1 companion
  1 lack
  1 occasionally
  1 gallons
  1 killing
  1 wash
  1 should
  1 defensively
  1 figured
  1 begging
  1 debt
  1 rocks
  1 better
  1 heads
  1 urn
  1 roasted
  1 californian's
  1 anymore
  1 panel
  1 surprise
  1 eighty-eight
  1 excess
  1 waiting
  1 cul-de-sacs
  1 evaporate
  1 chunks
  1 echoing
  1 hijinks
  1 pouring
  1 desert's
  1 gleam
  1 tightly
  1 elms
  1 climbing
  1 reminds
  1 backyard
  1 scramble
  1 evening
  1 word
  1 building
  1 town's
  1 holding
  1 deal
  1 city
  1 punish
  1 continues
  1 happy
  1 acre-foot
  1 whipping
  1 mercenary
  1 nest
  1 juniper-tagged
  1 yellow
  1 reminding
  1 digital
  1 trading
  1 partner
  1 codes
  1 seconds
  1 showering
  1 nicks
  1 country
  1 agent
  1 missile
  1 wonder
  1 does
  1 year's
  1 sage
  1 phoenix
  1 process
  1 frowns
  1 tributaries
  1 everything
  1 angled
  1 gps'd
  1 considering
  1 brow
  1 reflexively
  1 sight
  1 outrageous
  1 perfect
  1 spot-check
  1 sleep
  1 grazing
  1 shouldered
  1 dug
  1 business
  1 eventually
  1 period
  1 claim
  1 tears
  1 shines
  1 concrete
  1 inaccessible
  1 one-acre
  1 stealing
  1 semi-alkaline
  1 dead-stick
  1 red
  1 valley
  1 significantly
  1 chirps
  1 bail
  1 footpump
  1 pinch
  1 tv
  1 trucks
  1 control
  1 goddamnit
  1 loafing
  1 unaware
  1 bureau
  1 itself
  1 subsidiary
  1 black-fly
  1 budget
  1 flips
  1 edges
  1 pulling
  1 schools
  1 beams
  1 real-estate
  1 clue
  1 darkness
  1 moves
  1 stuff
  1 tick
  1 call
  1 landscape
  1 late
  1 steel
  1 sprinklers
  1 he'll
  1 hope
  1 scarce
  1 shannon
  1 wiping
  1 forty
  1 moab
  1 2
  1 biggest
  1 immigration
  1 card
  1 pins
  1 pack
  1 emptied
  1 spanish
  1 faucet
  1 lip
  1 horses
  1 entire
  1 previously
  1 season
  1 pity
  1 oh
  1 feet
  1 jibbering
  1 filter
  1 carrying
  1 snake
  1 shark
  1 chances
  1 rotten
  1 pick
  1 main
  1 morning
  1 reminded
  1 joking
  1 newcomers
  1 drive
  1 discussing
  1 advice
  1 bandana
  1 roots
  1 newly
  1 somewhere
  1 unconvinced
  1 skim
  1 metro
  1 basin
  1 theft
  1 system
  1 uncertain
  1 turning
  1 m-16s
  1 corridors
  1 crests
  1 15
  1 fiber
  1 reserve
  1 sitting
  1 policy
  1 startles
  1 vegas
  1 crap
  1 understanding
  1 beginning
  1 heat
  1 rifles
  1 slow
  1 shows
  1 soil
  1 soften
  1 gate
  1 arm
  1 puzzled
  1 suspicious
  1 uproots
  1 climb
  1 mouth
  1 weed
  1 places
  1 account
  1 bucket
  1 resource
  1 hawking
  1 conveniently
  1 tracer-fire
  1 faster
  1 tamarisk-his
  1 crack
  1 gully
  1 cents
  1 caliber
  1 wonders
  1 cricket-song
  1 own
  1 curving
  1 untouched
  1 put-upon
  1 east
  1 seeding
  1 yards
  1 liable
  1 improved
  1 security
  1 snag
  1 steams
  1 trucker
  1 grin
  1 balls
  1 water-right
  1 past
  1 jack
  1 seat
  1 sprawl
  1 happened
  1 thick
  1 guides
  1 ferns
  1 withdraw
  1 wandering
  1 getting
  1 distance
  1 move
  1 our
  1 malls
  1 dusty
  1 depressed
  1 surge
  1 affection
  1 aside
  1 disappears
  1 channel
  1 notice
  1 dismount
  1 flails
  1 sense
  1 nightsight
  1 neck
  1 hands
  1 bark
  1 movie
  1 soon
  1 perforated
  1 grand
  1 jump
  1 sending
  1 pride
  1 solar
  1 smashing
  1 thud-thwap
  1 sequitur
  1 canyons
  1 supplementary
  1 fedora
  1 breeze
  1 took
  1 central
  1 expect
  1 burned
  1 fit
  1 bleating
  1 trains
  1 follow
  1 effort
  1 rest
  1 landscaping
  1 assistance
  1 stops
  1 displaced
  1 sliding
  1 emphasize
  1 highway
  1 etiquette
  1 skippers
  1 repay
  1 thinking
  1 mile
  1 border
  1 brand-new
  1 angles
  1 chatter
  1 chest
  1 poker
  1 racaug
  1 wondering
  1 second
  1 ends
  1 came
  1 eternal
  1 subdivision
  1 scabbed
  1 herself
  1 plans
  1 pausing
  1 calibrate
  1 pretty
  1 stories
  1 bastards
  1 rein
  1 logos
  1 thoughtful
  1 junipers'
  1 forever
  1 crazies
  1 send
  1 april
  1 sidelong
  1 neon
  1 feeling
  1 scour
  1 steal
  1 stubborn
  1 climbs
  1 mule
  1 wide
  1 hour's
  1 each
  1 illegal
  1 forty-five
  1 dumb
  1 figuring
  1 wish
  1 keycodes
  1 invasion
  1 start
  1 bone
  1 cutting
  1 ending
  1 pencil
  1 screw
  1 structures
  1 plot
  1 actually
  1 weight
  1 occasional
  1 sagebrush
  1 interstate
  1 stock
  1 full
  1 wounds
  1 smile
  1 ripping
  1 punishment
  1 close
  1 folding
  1 smithereens
  1 suck
  1 doubt
  1 hiss
  1 beat
  1 cali
  1 squeeze
  1 madness
  1 hardly
  1 minimum
  1 wrenches
  1 find
  1 lawsuits
  1 we've
  1 carbon
  1 shadow
  1 thousands
  1 roof
  1 stride
  1 parked
  1 tops
  1 golf
  1 cricket
  1 wakes
  1 monkeys
  1 piercing
  1 clods
  1 mountains
  1 thousand
  1 parking
  1 private
  1 light
  1 hovered
  1 happen
  1 kicks
  1 wind
  1 cover
  1 will
  1 shivers
  1 arrest
  1 left
  1 fact
  1 dust-hill
  1 hunters
  1 future
  1 deserve
  1 picks
  1 very
  1 only
  1 antelope
  1 tumbleweed
  1 diversions
  1 yet-almost
  1 nice
  1 junipers
  1 sweat
  1 confused
  1 hey
  1 reasonable
  1 root-clusters
  1 drag
  1 complains
  1 feels
  1 necklace
  1 hotcakes
  1 stuffed
  1 ambush
  1 snags
  1 darkening
  1 making
  1 closes
  1 documentation
  1 beaten
  1 slick
  1 shotgun's
  1 junction
  1 rode
  1 flat
  1 slime
  1 glee
  1 mantles
  1 fly
  1 communist
  1 formula
  1 river's
  1 due
  1 plead
  1 hornet's
  1 pen
  1 yipping
  1 poisoning
  1 tucked
  1 flows
  1 paper
  1 twinge
  1 devil
  1 bureaucrats
  1 finding
  1 mesas
  1 duty
  1 hold
  1 groves
  1 areas
  1 repeats
  1 free
  1 canteens
  1 meth
  1 everywhere
  1 on-line
  1 flying
  1 passing
  1 tracks
  1 shoulders
  1 grew
  1 uptight
  1 ragged
  1 quieting
  1 shade
  1 recognizes
  1 shortage
  1 clay
  1 lush
  1 enforce
  1 slosh
  1 clutches
  1 spot
  1 crew
  1 ahead
  1 spread
  1 ones
  1 fails
  1 non
  1 friends
  1 chucks
  1 hike
  1 plays
  1 broke
  1 playing
  1 shining
  1 benefits
  1 solve
  1 dump
  1 forced
  1 focus
  1 between
  1 patrols
  1 downriver
  1 emerges
  1 jittery
  1 selling
  1 willing
  1 though
  1 steady
  1 squatting
  1 thumb
  1 machine-gun
  1 hump
  1 salt
  1 oaks
  1 scattering
  1 ritual
  1 nothing's
  1 beer
  1 am
  1 brotherly
  1 watersheds
  1 flyers
  1 kidding
  1 tilled
  1 could've
  1 ties
  1 taking
  1 flap
  1 course
  1 self-pity
  1 connects
  1 know-
  1 hackles
  1 must
  1 looters
  1 elks
  1 sections
  1 able
  1 worried
  1 using
  1 drew
  1 olives
  1 pocket
  1 since
  1 diligence
  1 digging
  1 planted
  1 kids
  1 involved
  1 pulses
  1 pulled
  1 headgates
  1 ever
  1 knocking
  1 dunno
  1 gun
  1 catches
  1 except
  1 encouraging
  1 paolo
  1 buyout
  1 view
  1 tries
  1 glad
  1 supposedly
  1 liking
  1 properties
  1 ship
  1 sips
  1 touch
  1 grinning
  1 hitched
  1 alive
  1 water's
  1 buzz
  1 acres
  1 flushed
  1 nestles
  1 unrest
  1 traded
  1 pityingly
  1 dishes
  1 quarter-mile
  1 california's
  1 trip
  1 seeping
  1 wear
  1 padded
  1 sprout
  1 sharp
  1 level
  1 friend
  1 none
  1 followed
  1 asked
  1 dragging
  1 endgame
  1 decide
  1 wider
  1 thirsty
  1 wife
  1 emphatically
  1 flashed
  1 nightmares
  1 straight
  1 early
  1 cluster
  1 thief
  1 mother
  1 trade
  1 industries
  1 slicing
  1 seed
  1 hits
  1 stakes
  1 scared
  1 urges
  1 obsession
  1 privacy
  1 may
  1 leads
  1 roasting
  1 quickly
  1 coyotes
  1 fruit
  1 anywhere
  1 blinks
  1 happily
  1 base
  1 aren't
  1 jesus
  1 hard
  1 knock
  1 number
  1 surely
  1 thirty
  1 enviro
  1 seep
  1 scale
  1 uniforms
  1 lumber
  1 unknown
  1 machine
  1 decorating
  1 unstraps
  1 enviros
  1 question
  1 forehead
  1 sun-baked
  1 carried
  1 flow
  1 makes
  1 sound
  1 unmolested
  1 scrape
  1 smears
  1 000
  1 twin
  1 scents
  1 monkey
  1 fences
  1 swearing
  1 bacigalupi
  1 small
  1 fringe
  1 found
  1 largely
  1 agreement
  1 enclosed
  1 anger
  1 documented
  1 sort
  1 shouldn't
  1 overlook
  1 five-thousand-square-foot
  1 collect
  1 ask
  1 swallow
  1 fear
  1 cut
  1 half-full
  1 pure
  1 rush
  1 porto-pumpers
  1 crowds
  1 clear
  1 swears
  1 regulations
  1 adobe
  1 50
  1 rolling
  1 jackets
  1 reclamation
  1 made
  1 turns
  1 deposit
  1 killed
  1 played
  1 amber
  1 guess
  1 replanted
  1 ruby
  1 l
  1 boot-skiing
  1 statement
  1 member
  1 serpentine
  1 swirls
  1 christ
  1 on-site
  1 either
  1 gestures
  1 73
  1 payout
  1 photographed
  1 driving
  1 brushy
  1 chinese
  1 russian
  1 enjoy
  1 hills
  1 half-drawn
  1 grimaces
  1 teeth
  1 tan
  1 angry
  1 dirt
  1 garlon
  1 phone
  1 shuffling
  1 breaks
  1 apparatus
  1 club
  1 bends
  1 rides
  1 snazzy
  1 leave
  1 cuts
  1 glorious
  1 withering
  1 rips
  1 math
  1 mud
  1 pump
  1 gotten
  1 saunter
  1 homes
  1 crafty
  1 wild-cat
  1 filling
  1 despite
  1 shameful
  1 spraying
  1 eviscerated
  1 offending
  1 wreckage
  1 door
  1 gleaming
  1 dried
  1 raises
  1 views
  1 perkins
  1 redrock
  1 charge
  1 drops
  1 heading
  1 cottonwoods
  1 anything
  1 eco-freaks
  1 burn
  1 ice
  1 sandtraps
  1 huh
  1 taps
  1 hang
  1 salt-laden
  1 ranchettes
  1 thing
  1 sadly
  1 stick
  1 idiot
  1 scuffle
  1 instincts
  1 conservation
  1 listen
  1 hopped
  1 swap
  1 brown
  1 gurgle
  1 strategically
  1 wrinkles
  1 stinger
  1 out-of-state
  1 shake
  1 chickens
  1 taste
  1 drop
  1 underground
  1 root
  1 effect
  1 trickles
  1 live
  1 remained
  1 times
  1 dot
  1 skids
  1 jumping
  1 graze
  1 rooftops
  1 88
  1 pinches
  1 dismember
  1 filled-in
  1 showered
  1 competition
  1 burec'll
  1 play
  1 winning
  1 taunt
  1 lunges

698.

The Windup Girl - Paolo Bacigalupi : z non-fiction - z concordance - 3.0 

The Windup Girl

 8692 the
 3731 and
 3249 to
 3117 a
 3088 of
 2230 he
 1868 her
 1717 is
 1697 his
 1596 she
 1523 in
 1423 you
 1385 it
 1307 that
 1039 for
 1036 as
 1000 with
  965 at
  942 i
  811 on
  795 they
  767 are
  733 but
  730 not
  705 him
  660 all
  659 if
  652 have
  645 be
  606 them
  579 hock
  571 from
  570 their
  566 this
  562 will
  540 seng
  521 anderson
  508 out
  487 was
  476 we
  453 into
  451 kanya
  449 one
  440 jaidee
  434 so
  417 man
  414 has
  413 up
  400 no
  384 then
  372 down
  367 like
  350 would
  347 your
  342 back
  337 what
  333 white
  326 more
  318 when
  317 me
  314 there
  311 it's
  311 now
  310 an
  299 do
  295 even
  286 people
  286 who
  281 can
  276 emiko
  274 again
  269 eyes
  259 about
  250 says
  248 by
  248 over
  245 through
  243 don't
  238 head
  235 still
  234 shirts
  232 or
  232 had
  230 akkarat
  230 away
  230 men
  226 face
  222 were
  219 just
  219 another
  219 before
  210 here
  208 time
  207 around
  206 its
  201 too
  200 know
  197 only
  194 my
  193 new
  191 carlyle
  185 where
  182 against
  181 than
  180 looks
  179 way
  176 been
  175 nothing
  174 how
  171 windup
  168 city
  168 ministry
  168 could
  165 old
  164 good
  161 doesn't
  160 think
  158 come
  158 off
  158 smiles
  156 across
  155 some
  154 you're
  151 makes
  151 our
  148 nods
  148 much
  146 own
  145 get
  143 make
  142 see
  141 something
  139 go
  139 shrugs
  135 should
  135 look
  134 himself
  133 i'm
  132 water
  132 other
  130 farang
  130 herself
  129 must
  128 girl
  128 shakes
  126 under
  125 turns
  124 want
  124 always
  123 hands
  122 hand
  121 yellow
  120 us
  120 well
  118 he's
  118 never
  118 asks
  115 pracha
  115 work
  112 close
  111 open
  111 take
  110 already
  110 raleigh
  107 factory
  107 can't
  106 did
  106 street
  106 yet
  106 door
  104 trade
  103 any
  102 last
  101 perhaps
  101 place
  101 enough
  100 past
  100 money
  99 little
  99 thai
  98 skin
  97 after
  95 keep
  94 behind
  94 many
  93 every
  93 dead
  93 why
  91 laughs
  89 sure
  89 takes
  88 toward
  88 thought
  88 far
  88 though
  88 anything
  87 first
  86 blood
  86 mai
  85 they're
  85 these
  84 long
  84 night
  84 air
  83 everything
  83 environment
  83 going
  83 two
  82 does
  81 almost
  81 life
  81 somdet
  80 beside
  80 everyone
  79 yes
  79 dog
  79 tell
  78 japanese
  78 very
  78 general
  77 kingdom
  77 let
  77 smile
  76 right
  76 laughing
  76 watches
  76 chaopraya
  76 better
  76 say
  75 gone
  75 find
  75 spring
  75 thing
  75 cannot
  74 wonders
  74 safe
  73 waves
  73 help
  73 few
  73 need
  73 might
  73 room
  72 stares
  72 because
  72 card
  72 voice
  71 megodont
  71 trying
  71 things
  70 body
  70 leans
  69 that's
  69 burning
  69 black
  69 finally
  68 those
  68 pulls
  67 goes
  66 knows
  66 moment
  66 shirt
  65 mr
  65 glances
  65 she's
  65 am
  64 world
  63 tries
  63 comes
  63 seems
  63 dung
  63 green
  63 inside
  63 run
  62 without
  62 didn't
  62 feels
  61 same
  61 lost
  61 done
  61 heat
  61 once
  60 heart
  60 along
  59 kannika
  59 forces
  59 small
  59 man's
  59 else
  59 please
  58 waiting
  58 came
  58 words
  58 thinks
  57 watching
  57 give
  57 side
  57 stands
  57 line
  57 day
  56 forward
  56 gaijin
  56 we're
  55 woman
  55 simply
  55 someone
  55 made
  55 floor
  55 grimaces
  54 power
  54 fucker
  54 next
  54 coming
  54 instead
  53 being
  53 calorie
  53 course
  53 hard
  53 chan
  53 looking
  52 both
  52 grins
  52 while
  52 lake
  51 sorry
  51 seen
  51 least
  51 ngaw
  51 others
  51 between
  51 blister
  50 breath
  50 kind
  50 megodonts
  50 somchai
  50 won't
  50 building
  50 rickshaw
  50 rust
  50 such
  49 surprised
  49 ones
  49 anchor
  49 chinese
  49 i'll
  49 stop
  49 fear
  49 sun
  48 pay
  48 anderson-sama
  48 sweat
  48 tiger
  48 jaidee's
  48 outside
  48 stand
  48 maybe
  48 quickly
  48 burn
  47 understand
  47 mouth
  47 rice
  47 algae
  47 children
  47 really
  47 die
  47 smiling
  47 high
  46 catches
  46 wall
  46 yates
  46 suddenly
  46 queen
  46 fingers
  45 wait
  45 studies
  45 smoke
  45 fight
  45 creature
  45 agrigen
  45 pale
  45 used
  45 young
  45 pauses
  45 tanks
  45 motions
  45 sort
  44 show
  44 bad
  44 glass
  44 carefully
  44 walls
  44 different
  44 speak
  44 care
  44 return
  44 turn
  44 doctor
  44 gun
  44 reaches
  44 three
  44 thais
  44 ever
  43 holds
  43 feet
  43 calls
  43 runs
  43 darkness
  43 rest
  42 four
  42 kanya's
  42 child
  42 broken
  42 certain
  42 fish
  42 streets
  42 soon
  42 got
  42 edge
  42 feel
  41 may
  41 cards
  41 said
  41 hope
  41 gives
  41 told
  41 pai
  41 khun
  40 hair
  40 lord
  40 fast
  40 alley
  40 pads
  40 try
  40 country
  40 starts
  40 days
  40 murmurs
  40 full
  40 fruit
  39 monks
  39 running
  39 ahead
  39 drink
  39 methane
  39 alive
  39 wais
  39 there's
  39 making
  39 red
  39 light
  38 cool
  38 hot
  38 we'll
  38 fire
  38 end
  38 seng's
  38 dirigible
  38 north
  38 slow
  38 wants
  38 steps
  38 entirely
  38 anyone
  38 slightly
  38 whispers
  38 workers
  37 balcony
  37 wide
  37 worry
  37 until
  37 below
  37 true
  37 kink-spring
  37 slowly
  37 keeps
  37 whisper
  37 above
  37 working
  37 friends
  37 bangkok
  36 spindle
  36 foreign
  36 left
  36 everywhere
  36 cheshires
  36 ground
  36 sea
  36 bodies
  36 later
  36 most
  36 blue
  36 home
  36 took
  36 careful
  36 wish
  36 problem
  36 finds
  36 which
  36 years
  35 sight
  35 expansion
  35 devil
  35 you'll
  35 wouldn't
  35 bar
  35 clipper
  35 hiroko
  35 within
  35 shoulder
  35 shouts
  35 captain
  35 fighting
  35 presses
  35 anderson's
  35 seem
  35 stupid
  34 chaya
  34 arms
  34 bamboo
  34 village
  34 heard
  34 military
  34 narong
  34 nature
  34 arm
  34 put
  34 speaks
  34 nearly
  34 boy
  34 great
  34 company
  34 akkarat's
  34 office
  34 watch
  34 whiskey
  34 urge
  34 change
  33 sees
  33 ocean
  33 sits
  33 bribes
  33 genetic
  33 remember
  33 hide
  33 business
  33 energy
  33 aside
  33 food
  33 you've
  33 mutters
  33 neck
  33 went
  33 emiko's
  33 lucky
  33 phra
  33 legs
  33 attention
  33 remembers
  32 temple
  32 palace
  32 dark
  32 radio
  32 reach
  32 isn't
  32 deep
  32 couldn't
  32 name
  31 crowd
  31 gibbons
  31 lie
  31 throat
  31 call
  31 ratana
  31 family
  31 answer
  31 cibiscosis
  31 opens
  31 times
  31 i've
  31 what's
  31 sir
  31 bit
  31 somewhere
  31 returns
  31 guards
  31 tower
  31 since
  31 desk
  30 death
  30 knife
  30 part
  30 together
  30 distance
  30 lao
  30 lets
  30 continues
  30 happy
  30 expression
  30 lips
  30 onto
  30 customs
  30 none
  30 strange
  30 standing
  30 windups
  30 person
  30 compound
  29 shoves
  29 move
  29 pushes
  29 barely
  29 question
  29 also
  29 pain
  29 fights
  29 banyat
  29 bring
  29 sitting
  29 wasn't
  29 francis
  29 touches
  29 best
  29 catch
  29 animal
  29 truly
  29 gu
  29 found
  29 live
  28 seub
  28 set
  28 tree
  28 sound
  28 papers
  28 doors
  28 half
  28 hesitates
  28 touch
  28 low
  28 table
  28 wrong
  28 teeth
  28 angry
  28 pumps
  28 krung
  28 lucy
  28 manufacturing
  27 thep
  27 respect
  27 mind
  27 king
  27 ice
  27 market
  27 whatever
  27 traffic
  27 believe
  27 aren't
  27 either
  27 shut
  27 themselves
  27 laugh
  27 become
  26 lies
  26 begins
  26 sometimes
  26 slips
  26 knew
  26 control
  26 leaves
  26 hold
  26 offer
  26 kill
  26 single
  26 glow
  26 saw
  26 waits
  26 ship
  26 sit
  26 scowls
  26 news
  26 gaze
  26 easy
  26 use
  26 fool
  26 main
  26 second
  26 bright
  26 shaking
  26 impossible
  26 gendo-sama
  25 carlyle's
  25 cut
  25 top
  25 girls
  25 grabs
  25 coal
  25 matter
  25 doing
  25 silent
  25 possible
  25 start
  25 opium
  25 closed
  25 lot
  25 river
  25 stops
  25 seedbank
  25 free
  25 baht
  25 staring
  25 ask
  24 luck
  24 damn
  24 follow
  24 tank
  24 meet
  24 worth
  24 cash
  24 human
  24 patron
  24 allowed
  24 shrine
  24 cheshire
  24 sets
  24 buddha
  24 pours
  24 lose
  24 lines
  24 gold
  24 beyond
  24 ducks
  24 haven't
  24 majesty
  24 rage
  24 closes
  24 u-tex
  24 rich
  24 pair
  23 union
  23 towers
  23 jerks
  23 calories
  23 climbs
  23 draws
  23 windows
  23 stay
  23 phii
  23 talk
  23 thinking
  23 fall
  23 wind
  23 overhead
  23 points
  23 minister
  23 clothes
  23 rise
  23 rises
  23 lights
  23 malaya
  23 fine
  23 moves
  23 ministry's
  22 niwat
  22 pretty
  22 number
  22 thank
  22 slip
  22 foolish
  22 thousand
  22 offices
  22 plagues
  22 real
  22 entire
  22 offers
  22 information
  22 needs
  22 pracha's
  22 ribs
  22 front
  22 forcing
  22 yourself
  22 listening
  22 amongst
  22 khlong
  22 pistol
  22 feeling
  22 trees
  22 clever
  22 empty
  22 completely
  22 paid
  21 surprise
  21 hagg
  21 relief
  21 gets
  21 shows
  21 whole
  21 send
  21 movements
  21 worse
  21 leads
  21 walk
  21 finishes
  21 protector
  21 eye
  21 heads
  21 pour
  21 important
  21 cold
  21 burned
  21 sons
  21 friend
  21 they've
  21 idea
  21 survival
  21 influence
  21 point
  21 tells
  21 safety
  21 brought
  21 sheets
  21 grateful
  21 hungry
  21 season
  21 near
  21 talking
  21 sighs
  21 protect
  21 probably
  21 eat
  21 genehack
  21 afraid
  21 mean
  21 rising
  21 waters
  21 sense
  21 each
  21 gi
  21 sent
  21 knees
  21 cigarette
  21 bu
  20 taken
  20 hear
  20 patrons
  20 faster
  20 leaving
  20 becomes
  20 hurt
  20 view
  20 breaks
  20 speaking
  20 itself
  20 ago
  20 stumbles
  20 photo
  20 bones
  20 bribe
  20 thoughtful
  20 we've
  20 shadow
  20 sen
  20 moving
  20 otto
  20 yang
  20 trust
  20 anymore
  20 disgust
  20 coughing
  20 kamma
  20 alone
  20 gates
  20 steady
  20 fans
  20 killer
  20 anyway
  20 army
  20 cover
  20 allow
  20 women
  20 corner
  20 longer
  20 window
  20 falls
  19 kip
  19 throw
  19 guizi
  19 beautiful
  19 shadows
  19 wanted
  19 turned
  19 serve
  19 flesh
  19 rama
  19 rain
  19 given
  19 kneels
  19 leave
  19 chance
  19 ear
  19 drunk
  19 polite
  19 eventually
  19 save
  19 quarantine
  19 fat
  19 gasps
  19 nose
  19 expensive
  19 paper
  19 boys
  19 peers
  19 reason
  19 hell
  19 yanks
  19 war
  19 cycle
  19 winding
  19 risk
  19 fires
  19 history
  19 boat
  19 stifles
  19 royal
  19 hears
  19 ready
  19 dust
  19 loyal
  18 protection
  18 fills
  18 finger
  18 died
  18 certainly
  18 break
  18 niche
  18 ah
  18 dangerous
  18 muay
  18 sudden
  18 interest
  18 word
  18 easily
  18 clean
  18 headbands
  18 starving
  18 built
  18 silence
  18 future
  18 teak
  18 slams
  18 spirit
  18 purcal
  18 abruptly
  18 pass
  18 natural
  18 tomorrow
  18 escape
  18 locks
  18 pleasure
  18 play
  18 slides
  18 poor
  18 appears
  18 wishes
  18 docks
  18 willing
  18 taking
  18 faces
  18 companies
  18 tiny
  17 sweating
  17 sick
  17 gave
  17 wondering
  17 lieutenant
  17 rush
  17 bo
  17 week
  17 kit
  17 offerings
  17 stare
  17 let's
  17 movement
  17 rooms
  17 weren't
  17 stairs
  17 hunting
  17 slaughter
  17 rifle
  17 held
  17 closer
  17 district
  17 god
  17 quick
  17 envelope
  17 breathing
  17 cutting
  17 ten
  17 strong
  17 hundred
  17 fill
  17 fallen
  17 christ
  17 despite
  17 apartment
  17 slum
  17 shout
  17 factories
  17 crackles
  17 i'd
  17 settles
  17 bicycle
  17 dna
  17 shouldn't
  17 tried
  17 gently
  16 final
  16 job
  16 perfect
  16 chaozhou
  16 living
  16 order
  16 hoping
  16 servant
  16 palm
  16 playing
  16 hasn't
  16 mizumi-sensei
  16 pressure
  16 weevil
  16 shipping
  16 yashimoto
  16 continue
  16 box
  16 survive
  16 seat
  16 puts
  16 tired
  16 springlife
  16 story
  16 press
  16 called
  16 ivory
  16 crank
  16 blackness
  16 fought
  16 obvious
  16 smell
  16 angrit
  16 kept
  16 iron
  16 respond
  16 daughter
  16 cargo
  16 uniform
  16 begin
  16 trained
  16 burns
  16 worked
  16 disks
  16 difficult
  16 system
  16 machete
  16 sucks
  16 thoughts
  16 khrab
  16 koh
  16 tonight
  16 grahamite
  16 guns
  16 push
  16 truth
  16 000
  16 clear
  16 short
  16 weatherall
  15 jade
  15 provide
  15 complaining
  15 officers
  15 kink-springs
  15 sounds
  15 abandoned
  15 sack
  15 likes
  15 forth
  15 bottle
  15 access
  15 land
  15 authority
  15 asking
  15 mine
  15 wood
  15 he'll
  15 newly
  15 irritation
  15 sky
  15 shame
  15 walks
  15 screams
  15 pause
  15 heechy-keechy
  15 jumps
  15 works
  15 divine
  15 grounds
  15 pillar
  15 cost
  15 actually
  15 father
  15 flicker
  15 roof
  15 dikes
  15 blaze
  15 hiding
  15 studying
  15 trails
  15 baths
  15 south
  15 wai
  15 remains
  15 memories
  15 lock
  15 prays
  15 noodles
  15 surat
  15 lives
  15 flee
  15 quiet
  15 ride
  15 sin
  15 loss
  14 powder
  14 frowns
  14 late
  14 metal
  14 sending
  14 lying
  14 pipe
  14 drinks
  14 except
  14 ignores
  14 hall
  14 animals
  14 wipes
  14 burma
  14 twice
  14 distant
  14 bet
  14 upright
  14 keeping
  14 jungle
  14 seeds
  14 ships
  14 buy
  14 pressing
  14 disappears
  14 straightens
  14 warning
  14 tight
  14 incense
  14 pulled
  14 honor
  14 pull
  14 minute
  14 holding
  14 gas
  14 questions
  14 drags
  14 telling
  14 japan
  14 offering
  14 upon
  14 heeya
  14 flat
  14 missing
  14 likely
  14 smooth
  14 anger
  14 gift
  14 activity
  14 guard
  14 car
  14 flinches
  14 troops
  14 morning
  14 pha
  14 case
  14 hadn't
  14 hardly
  14 dry
  14 warm
  14 equipment
  14 spread
  14 protest
  14 feed
  14 glad
  14 covered
  14 five
  13 gray
  13 begging
  13 reminds
  13 coffee
  13 slaps
  13 bed
  13 records
  13 strike
  13 plans
  13 voices
  13 lamps
  13 test
  13 fruits
  13 uses
  13 apart
  13 slums
  13 stink
  13 slide
  13 arrive
  13 showing
  13 lesson
  13 abuse
  13 happened
  13 thanks
  13 year
  13 levees
  13 quite
  13 six
  13 waste
  13 pedals
  13 panthers
  13 training
  13 lap
  13 seawall
  13 concrete
  13 shock
  13 expected
  13 contraction
  13 wearing
  13 bloody
  13 motion
  13 piece
  13 opportunity
  13 wave
  13 grahamites
  13 beat
  13 swallows
  13 frightened
  13 ragged
  13 observes
  13 mishimoto
  13 field
  13 ancient
  13 spent
  13 noise
  13 12
  13 furnace
  13 hours
  13 mask
  13 spirits
  13 arrival
  13 caught
  13 pity
  13 benefit
  13 places
  13 surface
  13 thick
  13 memory
  13 damage
  13 force
  13 breeze
  13 leg
  13 ways
  13 weight
  13 joules
  13 huddled
  13 changes
  13 mahout
  13 city's
  13 dogs
  13 apparently
  13 stream
  13 club
  13 brown
  13 scientists
  12 fa'
  12 rumble
  12 immediately
  12 knowledge
  12 deal
  12 they'll
  12 squats
  12 tropic
  12 sheet
  12 clan
  12 meat
  12 gate
  12 nervous
  12 jump
  12 india
  12 crate
  12 destruction
  12 worried
  12 alleys
  12 scent
  12 drops
  12 backs
  12 chant
  12 directly
  12 knee
  12 center
  12 chao
  12 beast
  12 fighter
  12 glares
  12 drive
  12 permits
  12 getting
  12 shove
  12 pleased
  12 aware
  12 lead
  12 stories
  12 glimpse
  12 refugees
  12 labor
  12 explosions
  12 breathe
  12 gap
  12 led
  12 accept
  12 sign
  12 laughed
  12 uniforms
  12 jai
  12 source
  12 finish
  12 yours
  12 evening
  12 rushing
  12 earn
  12 huge
  12 flips
  12 kingdom's
  12 conversation
  12 scream
  12 chest
  12 thoughtfully
  12 needed
  12 nod
  12 changed
  12 quietly
  12 master
  12 follows
  12 carries
  12 pool
  12 early
  12 road
  12 plague
  12 yates'
  12 agreement
  12 crowds
  12 allows
  12 approaches
  12 forget
  12 nightshades
  12 bastard
  12 price
  12 carrying
  12 gan
  12 security
  12 hunt
  12 border
  12 rolls
  12 stutter-stop
  12 quoile
  12 shade
  12 fining
  12 ploenchit
  12 step
  12 lungs
  12 exposed
  12 torn
  12 baton
  12 massive
  12 starting
  12 drop
  12 railing
  11 engineered
  11 allowing
  11 bike
  11 widen
  11 object
  11 third
  11 route
  11 he'd
  11 girl's
  11 destroyed
  11 department
  11 image
  11 chatter
  11 interested
  11 growing
  11 illegal
  11 carbon
  11 thousands
  11 explosion
  11 banana
  11 sharply
  11 dragging
  11 decide
  11 december
  11 minutes
  11 mekong
  11 monk
  11 tea
  11 screens
  11 scans
  11 ears
  11 smart
  11 surveys
  11 rushes
  11 pieces
  11 percent
  11 secret
  11 bow
  11 encouraging
  11 walking
  11 slap
  11 masters
  11 floating
  11 locked
  11 killed
  11 supposed
  11 queen's
  11 carry
  11 listen
  11 soul
  11 seeing
  11 interesting
  11 trouble
  11 patrol
  11 revealing
  11 rather
  11 machetes
  11 coup
  11 turning
  11 match
  11 monsoon
  11 forgotten
  11 peels
  11 yen
  11 storm
  11 screaming
  11 fly
  11 shouting
  11 political
  11 rings
  11 hopes
  11 soft
  11 potential
  11 tosses
  11 ayutthaya
  11 soypro
  11 battle
  11 bother
  11 sickness
  11 pages
  11 production
  11 corpse
  11 belly
  11 returned
  11 warfare
  11 house
  11 generals
  11 deeper
  11 blades
  11 panting
  11 distaste
  11 skim
  11 thonburi
  11 treadle
  11 extra
  11 arrives
  11 terror
  11 images
  11 service
  11 finished
  11 panic
  11 ring
  11 losing
  11 felt
  11 fail
  11 able
  11 echoes
  11 supposes
  11 further
  11 springs
  11 books
  11 officer
  11 wreckage
  11 raises
  10 favor
  10 gleams
  10 fresh
  10 personal
  10 wet
  10 boats
  10 foot
  10 thanon
  10 flame
  10 chair
  10 shifts
  10 flood
  10 palms
  10 bargain
  10 fact
  10 drag
  10 roll
  10 joke
  10 hit
  10 loud
  10 halls
  10 creatures
  10 winds
  10 join
  10 cry
  10 cuts
  10 learned
  10 setting
  10 hate
  10 goddamn
  10 hides
  10 coldly
  10 oh
  10 study
  10 mass
  10 changing
  10 oil
  10 large
  10 karma
  10 beings
  10 loyalty
  10 passes
  10 net
  10 among
  10 nice
  10 parts
  10 trash
  10 chaopraya's
  10 problems
  10 suppose
  10 echo
  10 flushed
  10 response
  10 bank
  10 asked
  10 wife
  10 humidity
  10 forehead
  10 game
  10 rubble
  10 bought
  10 shake
  10 noah
  10 lord's
  10 failed
  10 saying
  10 recognize
  10 speed
  10 eating
  10 sobbing
  10 disappearing
  10 flashes
  10 hafiz
  10 narrow
  10 following
  10 businessman
  10 shivers
  10 garbage
  10 ranks
  10 bell
  10 fate
  10 forced
  10 preparing
  10 whine
  10 freight
  10 enemies
  10 involved
  10 shuffles
  10 hurry
  10 aboard
  10 profits
  10 guess
  10 fun
  10 raleigh-san
  10 masks
  10 rail
  10 elevator
  10 imagine
  10 curses
  10 known
  10 kuai
  10 process
  10 knowing
  10 during
  10 beg
  10 happening
  10 calling
  10 touched
  10 malayan
  10 letting
  10 reek
  10 bicycles
  10 sell
  10 worst
  10 bodyguards
  10 deeply
  10 often
  10 orders
  10 pak
  10 piles
  10 fully
  10 using
  10 crates
  10 pom
  10 skiffs
  10 duck
  10 optimal
  10 spits
  10 secure
  10 phraya
  10 stretches
  10 read
  10 heavy
  10 stage
  10 irritated
  10 shutters
  10 destroy
  10 picture
  10 coughs
  10 lunges
  9 ran
  9 nutrient
  9 victory
  9 owner
  9 protected
  9 stamps
  9 worker
  9 necessary
  9 dimness
  9 humid
  9 cheek
  9 beckons
  9 series
  9 investigate
  9 pit
  9 rotting
  9 passed
  9 mouths
  9 buildings
  9 qa
  9 fan
  9 generippers
  9 confident
  9 shocked
  9 screen
  9 somehow
  9 suffering
  9 souls
  9 demons
  9 warehouses
  9 loved
  9 skiff
  9 meant
  9 having
  9 seawalls
  9 bribed
  9 falling
  9 tan
  9 useful
  9 lamp
  9 chin
  9 sunlight
  9 perform
  9 placed
  9 government
  9 hurries
  9 grace
  9 reborn
  9 snake
  9 megodont's
  9 bucket
  9 midwest
  9 silver
  9 earned
  9 carp
  9 attempt
  9 grand
  9 whether
  9 private
  9 monastery
  9 slick
  9 breed
  9 prayers
  9 tool
  9 crawl
  9 space
  9 investors
  9 offal
  9 watched
  9 tongue
  9 perfectly
  9 drowning
  9 fifty
  9 seeking
  9 surrounded
  9 eng
  9 bitter
  9 gotten
  9 serious
  9 rubs
  9 climbing
  9 secrets
  9 arrived
  9 offered
  9 tugs
  9 dully
  9 global
  9 edges
  9 stairwells
  9 stuff
  9 key
  9 today
  9 orange
  9 listens
  9 inclines
  9 climb
  9 ancestors
  9 sweet
  9 monster
  9 prickles
  9 kicks
  9 survived
  9 increasing
  9 defend
  9 duty
  9 property
  9 behalf
  9 overstepped
  9 markets
  9 honest
  9 finland
  9 crazy
  9 ball
  9 faith
  9 frustration
  9 swelter
  9 collect
  9 shot
  9 favors
  9 piled
  9 crouches
  9 clouds
  9 taste
  9 thin
  9 presence
  9 rumors
  9 afternoon
  9 excuse
  9 impassive
  9 dizzy
  9 searches
  9 tears
  9 aunt
  9 crawls
  9 waving
  9 bowl
  9 month
  9 wheat
  9 embarrassed
  9 ringing
  9 trace
  9 surge
  9 flinch
  9 started
  9 love
  9 collapses
  9 doubt
  9 squeeze
  9 photos
  9 shipment
  9 loose
  9 public
  9 computers
  9 hole
  9 pays
  9 pools
  9 travel
  9 fleeing
  9 train
  9 mulch
  9 reparations
  9 limp
  9 sold
  9 present
  9 enjoy
  9 prepared
  9 raise
  9 sleeping
  9 gleaming
  9 shop
  9 sadly
  9 touching
  9 ghosts
  8 considers
  8 crown
  8 ashamed
  8 jostle
  8 wash
  8 gather
  8 gleam
  8 revered
  8 trading
  8 met
  8 drinking
  8 lake's
  8 disease
  8 age
  8 plan
  8 doorway
  8 cranks
  8 trapped
  8 flickers
  8 bare
  8 rattle
  8 breathes
  8 burmese
  8 pride
  8 strength
  8 intelligence
  8 bone
  8 fields
  8 hoped
  8 curious
  8 crackle
  8 state
  8 swim
  8 elbow
  8 farmers
  8 tall
  8 circle
  8 interrupts
  8 tip
  8 liked
  8 des
  8 interests
  8 powerful
  8 dangles
  8 followed
  8 stood
  8 impatiently
  8 surely
  8 pray
  8 desperate
  8 pushing
  8 files
  8 charge
  8 you'd
  8 searching
  8 scars
  8 killing
  8 liquid
  8 drums
  8 carts
  8 houses
  8 swear
  8 slipped
  8 samples
  8 flick
  8 anderson-sama's
  8 flowers
  8 disappear
  8 tear
  8 brings
  8 nowhere
  8 boudry
  8 terrible
  8 betray
  8 ignore
  8 slight
  8 mistake
  8 lean
  8 cart
  8 toy
  8 feelings
  8 laughter
  8 generations
  8 blueprints
  8 examining
  8 block
  8 muscle
  8 drowned
  8 direction
  8 direct
  8 similar
  8 difficulty
  8 worms
  8 disappointment
  8 ass
  8 book
  8 incident
  8 attack
  8 looked
  8 draped
  8 solemn
  8 myself
  8 spins
  8 generipper
  8 hits
  8 beneath
  8 names
  8 moines
  8 glance
  8 complain
  8 limbs
  8 seriously
  8 glinting
  8 steadily
  8 lift
  8 obey
  8 local
  8 feeding
  8 position
  8 impatient
  8 research
  8 considering
  8 sleep
  8 significantly
  8 candles
  8 spray
  8 hand-cranked
  8 exist
  8 simple
  8 blame
  8 windup's
  8 chanting
  8 ripped
  8 cough
  8 features
  8 gathering
  8 notice
  8 roads
  8 supplies
  8 tide
  8 cultures
  8 breasts
  8 chains
  8 material
  8 flight
  8 shoulders
  8 middle
  8 busy
  8 consider
  8 sips
  8 teams
  8 chaya's
  8 streaming
  8 extraordinary
  8 tigers
  8 breaking
  8 crashes
  8 blade
  8 lowers
  8 clothing
  8 search
  8 matters
  8 villages
  8 police
  8 collapse
  8 atop
  8 stunned
  8 raleigh's
  8 happens
  8 agree
  8 painted
  8 leaps
  8 opening
  8 closing
  8 dull
  8 climate
  8 observation
  8 signs
  8 demon
  8 assistance
  8 whose
  8 protests
  8 wishing
  8 scarred
  8 landing
  8 trampled
  8 scrambles
  8 command
  8 cries
  8 weapons
  8 hemp
  8 stripped
  8 papaya
  8 pocket
  8 gods
  8 grinning
  8 unable
  8 convince
  8 triple
  8 swallowed
  8 reveal
  8 gusts
  8 familiar
  8 strides
  8 xii
  8 list
  8 remain
  7 fair
  7 truck
  7 rocks
  7 cares
  7 pile
  7 wonder
  7 mai's
  7 brow
  7 plaa
  7 pulling
  7 tests
  7 tiles
  7 replaced
  7 ours
  7 seedstock
  7 apology
  7 act
  7 stack
  7 xii's
  7 balcony's
  7 dirty
  7 fortune
  7 biological
  7 harder
  7 determined
  7 twists
  7 guiding
  7 stations
  7 special
  7 report
  7 threads
  7 cats
  7 sweep
  7 firing
  7 farmer
  7 boiling
  7 less
  7 roaring
  7 passing
  7 coconut
  7 disappeared
  7 scraps
  7 shattered
  7 discovered
  7 culture
  7 courtyard
  7 scraping
  7 devils
  7 form
  7 nippon
  7 beating
  7 gentle
  7 beetles
  7 pockets
  7 comfortable
  7 round
  7 cell
  7 secretary
  7 slows
  7 containment
  7 rid
  7 curtain
  7 saisin
  7 alien
  7 labs
  7 facility
  7 nearby
  7 aid
  7 tied
  7 solemnly
  7 vietnamese
  7 physical
  7 trunk
  7 designed
  7 cocks
  7 begs
  7 language
  7 bag
  7 interior
  7 raid
  7 float
  7 tamade
  7 beginning
  7 lifts
  7 threaten
  7 grin
  7 saffron
  7 luxury
  7 measure
  7 footsteps
  7 shallowly
  7 promise
  7 prepare
  7 stopped
  7 fifteen
  7 bits
  7 larger
  7 raised
  7 peer
  7 squat
  7 stalls
  7 higro
  7 wear
  7 chiles
  7 newspapers
  7 swinging
  7 vegetables
  7 mold
  7 fell
  7 drown
  7 size
  7 shatters
  7 fuck
  7 stone
  7 spend
  7 breeding
  7 tightly
  7 flash
  7 sinking
  7 insult
  7 increases
  7 failure
  7 dream
  7 tangled
  7 daeng
  7 laborers
  7 they'd
  7 proud
  7 introduced
  7 guides
  7 sails
  7 remembering
  7 violence
  7 technology
  7 effort
  7 chedi
  7 sanuk
  7 halt
  7 ceiling
  7 desks
  7 vendor
  7 decided
  7 clubs
  7 repeats
  7 flying
  7 robes
  7 wake
  7 strangely
  7 throws
  7 focus
  7 profit
  7 salt
  7 ash
  7 forest
  7 beasts
  7 stacked
  7 humiliation
  7 glare
  7 betel
  7 gears
  7 tension
  7 evidence
  7 caused
  7 computer
  7 cobbles
  7 filled
  7 filling
  7 moans
  7 cracked
  7 mosquito
  7 meeting
  7 amount
  7 hated
  7 solution
  7 earth
  7 families
  7 support
  7 levee
  7 unless
  7 created
  7 pressed
  7 splash
  7 filter
  7 directions
  7 mercy
  7 saved
  7 isolated
  7 blow
  7 crack
  7 hood
  7 struggles
  7 understood
  7 fucking
  7 fit
  7 chose
  7 keys
  7 nodding
  7 happen
  7 durian
  7 cranes
  7 bringing
  7 curtains
  7 doctor's
  7 clears
  7 believed
  7 hour
  7 fault
  7 chain
  7 controls
  7 jewels
  7 silk
  7 beetle
  7 dressed
  7 thread
  7 indicates
  7 woman's
  7 useless
  7 bhirombhakdi
  7 realizes
  7 driving
  7 core
  7 bangkok's
  7 homes
  7 learn
  7 investigation
  7 sides
  7 latest
  7 stirs
  6 unsure
  6 farms
  6 photograph
  6 uncertainly
  6 project
  6 invited
  6 owned
  6 knots
  6 wears
  6 supply
  6 disposal
  6 teach
  6 misses
  6 driven
  6 marching
  6 enter
  6 unconcerned
  6 wheels
  6 understanding
  6 smuggling
  6 hire
  6 batons
  6 chan's
  6 shit
  6 wounded
  6 fears
  6 sticky
  6 fed
  6 burst
  6 gaijin's
  6 sacred
  6 awful
  6 barriers
  6 island
  6 inspection
  6 ugly
  6 silently
  6 armed
  6 complains
  6 humor
  6 concern
  6 convinced
  6 marigolds
  6 plenty
  6 skull
  6 notes
  6 big
  6 secondary
  6 bells
  6 deliver
  6 selling
  6 levels
  6 intense
  6 import
  6 lower
  6 lit
  6 sharp
  6 eyebrows
  6 refuse
  6 smashes
  6 bite
  6 overwhelming
  6 blocks
  6 jesus
  6 reaching
  6 damp
  6 jam
  6 rojjanasukchai
  6 virus
  6 dock
  6 locate
  6 flies
  6 dirt
  6 phone
  6 looms
  6 agrigen's
  6 meditating
  6 snaps
  6 confidence
  6 veranda
  6 yaba
  6 suspended
  6 taps
  6 chickens
  6 moved
  6 entrance
  6 narong's
  6 obviously
  6 bodhisattva
  6 practical
  6 trigger
  6 puzzle
  6 mention
  6 exertion
  6 impressed
  6 claps
  6 grip
  6 complete
  6 pants
  6 obeisance
  6 admiral
  6 desperately
  6 opposite
  6 connection
  6 mistaken
  6 petty
  6 pushed
  6 streamers
  6 neighbors
  6 fist
  6 pores
  6 sends
  6 chill
  6 bait
  6 lived
  6 gear
  6 examine
  6 chaiyanuchit
  6 hollow
  6 paranoia
  6 nervously
  6 forever
  6 hearing
  6 brutal
  6 straining
  6 stock
  6 servants
  6 outer
  6 crushed
  6 threatening
  6 jumped
  6 became
  6 students
  6 blanket
  6 assassin
  6 sat
  6 distracted
  6 asleep
  6 prayed
  6 expects
  6 paranoid
  6 politics
  6 rumor
  6 link
  6 slashes
  6 backing
  6 vines
  6 grains
  6 vehicle
  6 gathers
  6 villagers
  6 por
  6 translation
  6 factory's
  6 telltale
  6 revolution
  6 unnatural
  6 briefly
  6 polymer
  6 invasive
  6 phalanx
  6 enemy
  6 successful
  6 amid
  6 discarded
  6 accident
  6 bustle
  6 astonishingly
  6 hang
  6 trousers
  6 silly
  6 terrifying
  6 swings
  6 giving
  6 excuses
  6 depths
  6 ceremony
  6 yank
  6 apologies
  6 tarp
  6 vast
  6 laws
  6 appreciate
  6 sticks
  6 existence
  6 checks
  6 bargaining
  6 approach
  6 steels
  6 threat
  6 bills
  6 appear
  6 bath
  6 released
  6 dawn
  6 tools
  6 smoking
  6 startles
  6 losses
  6 swept
  6 filament
  6 anxiety
  6 dusty
  6 paying
  6 amulet
  6 astonishing
  6 stylized
  6 difference
  6 foreigners
  6 thud
  6 crosses
  6 crouch
  6 suck
  6 jasmine
  6 mutation
  6 hundreds
  6 delivered
  6 sorts
  6 embankment
  6 blind
  6 bitterly
  6 pen
  6 rainy
  6 carcass
  6 pries
  6 fabric
  6 instructions
  6 filters
  6 friendly
  6 hero
  6 penance
  6 sweltering
  6 slashing
  6 mad
  6 laid
  6 insurance
  6 terms
  6 moonlight
  6 manage
  6 examines
  6 resist
  6 rot
  6 golden
  6 kha
  6 pad
  6 administrative
  6 unlikely
  6 conflict
  6 ruined
  6 royalty
  6 exhaust
  6 staggers
  6 nine
  6 freezes
  6 kuti
  6 rumbles
  6 check
  6 assistant
  6 men's
  6 utterly
  6 thighs
  6 sags
  6 pouring
  6 accelerates
  6 ankles
  6 emotion
  6 pointing
  6 soi
  6 incompetent
  6 giant
  6 manufactured
  6 claim
  6 humanity
  6 honorable
  6 bothering
  6 treads
  6 shrimp
  6 whispered
  6 gingerly
  6 steel
  6 forms
  6 lip
  6 novelty
  6 spills
  6 subject
  6 odd
  6 debris
  6 grimly
  6 rank
  6 improved
  6 roar
  6 rai
  6 grab
  6 cycles
  6 nation
  6 letter
  6 clank
  6 several
  6 driver
  6 plate
  6 sip
  6 talked
  6 count
  6 progress
  6 ponds
  6 hidden
  6 regards
  6 one's
  6 wealth
  6 slipping
  6 stalking
  6 canal
  6 laborer
  6 hangs
  6 shower
  6 seeming
  6 imagines
  6 beer
  6 patiently
  6 jao
  6 tomatoes
  6 level
  6 robbed
  6 amulets
  6 khap
  6 mother
  6 exists
  6 privacy
  6 drying
  6 otherwise
  6 irritating
  6 shall
  6 thirty
  6 spill
  6 machine
  6 fringe
  6 pure
  6 hospitals
  6 kolkata
  6 draw
  6 common
  6 eats
  6 cobra
  6 sato
  6 buried
  6 trickles
  6 demands
  6 whirls
  6 structure
  5 loyalties
  5 smells
  5 surges
  5 miserable
  5 hairs
  5 panel
  5 thoroughfares
  5 exposure
  5 saint
  5 dragged
  5 signals
  5 countryside
  5 flares
  5 eyebrow
  5 toasts
  5 dumped
  5 splintered
  5 closely
  5 whir
  5 higher
  5 pot
  5 beach
  5 blocking
  5 brightly
  5 vats
  5 stolen
  5 thrown
  5 damaged
  5 cigarettes
  5 purchase
  5 whores
  5 chicken
  5 inches
  5 earlier
  5 pilot
  5 company's
  5 prize
  5 blossoms
  5 eggs
  5 theirs
  5 grown
  5 stubborn
  5 drawing
  5 absurd
  5 explodes
  5 bounty
  5 vulnerable
  5 splashing
  5 blown
  5 smoothly
  5 jungles
  5 rim
  5 confused
  5 clings
  5 tobacco
  5 scar
  5 finding
  5 liquor
  5 plays
  5 music
  5 engine
  5 benefits
  5 brush
  5 anchored
  5 resources
  5 nakhasathien
  5 rapidly
  5 pounding
  5 seemed
  5 design
  5 package
  5 godfather
  5 target
  5 guide
  5 choice
  5 cyclists
  5 craft
  5 spies
  5 hospital
  5 straight
  5 crying
  5 trader
  5 produce
  5 fleet
  5 heels
  5 heritage
  5 mess
  5 surprises
  5 unit
  5 overwhelmed
  5 badly
  5 existed
  5 hazards
  5 shortly
  5 housing
  5 string
  5 dozens
  5 swirl
  5 slash
  5 diamonds
  5 sympathy
  5 rusty
  5 switches
  5 fellow
  5 manages
  5 particularly
  5 idly
  5 materials
  5 charges
  5 riots
  5 grasp
  5 nervousness
  5 revenge
  5 barrel
  5 tusks
  5 companion
  5 building's
  5 taught
  5 relaxes
  5 impervious
  5 hai
  5 prepares
  5 peering
  5 arrange
  5 mulched
  5 total
  5 cases
  5 ticket
  5 stuffs
  5 details
  5 arranged
  5 scrap
  5 performs
  5 national
  5 cynical
  5 cr
  5 encouragement
  5 reputation
  5 stalks
  5 formed
  5 purple
  5 reincarnate
  5 ease
  5 proceed
  5 generation
  5 favorable
  5 cockroaches
  5 scalding
  5 sweats
  5 enjoyed
  5 greedy
  5 countries
  5 joins
  5 bars
  5 fifth
  5 drawn
  5 decision
  5 embarrassment
  5 ilk
  5 cubes
  5 seizes
  5 cause
  5 deserve
  5 kindness
  5 numbers
  5 scratches
  5 reeks
  5 replacement
  5 fumbles
  5 prison
  5 prying
  5 recognizes
  5 fades
  5 passage
  5 roofs
  5 blazes
  5 tugging
  5 frying
  5 observe
  5 fourth
  5 warn
  5 spitting
  5 smaller
  5 cluster
  5 inspected
  5 responsible
  5 leaf
  5 happily
  5 limits
  5 belongings
  5 dozen
  5 blooms
  5 gags
  5 extravagance
  5 spoken
  5 snap
  5 owners
  5 huddles
  5 concerns
  5 ngaw's
  5 balance
  5 loses
  5 guilt
  5 stomach
  5 stinking
  5 starve
  5 flush
  5 digs
  5 shudders
  5 calm
  5 bay
  5 arc
  5 bolts
  5 industrial
  5 rustle
  5 win
  5 kneeling
  5 riot
  5 flames
  5 explains
  5 pineapples
  5 blink
  5 missed
  5 compassion
  5 tides
  5 panicked
  5 inspect
  5 manager
  5 passengers
  5 falcon
  5 strains
  5 bows
  5 salvation
  5 opportunities
  5 whispering
  5 teachings
  5 spreads
  5 assembled
  5 plunges
  5 goodwill
  5 hiroko's
  5 shards
  5 patient
  5 puzzled
  5 riding
  5 correctly
  5 lashes
  5 rooftop
  5 kicked
  5 crouched
  5 group
  5 permit
  5 wipe
  5 embargo
  5 pictures
  5 richard
  5 lumphini
  5 mop
  5 northeast
  5 nonsense
  5 hissing
  5 hisses
  5 jams
  5 che
  5 piss
  5 electric
  5 hiss
  5 kyoto
  5 hat
  5 generip
  5 unconsciously
  5 links
  5 means
  5 forests
  5 fishing
  5 hull
  5 accent
  5 gushes
  5 crashing
  5 i-
  5 cheaper
  5 choose
  5 plunge
  5 gifts
  5 location
  5 cautious
  5 emerges
  5 rickshaws
  5 thumb
  5 upstairs
  5 transient
  5 darts
  5 lye
  5 crisis
  5 sex
  5 sterile
  5 hint
  5 ascendancy
  5 attached
  5 hers
  5 wrists
  5 floods
  5 flickering
  5 waited
  5 required
  5 spit
  5 assume
  5 genetically
  5 martyr
  5 illuminating
  5 hauls
  5 grain
  5 successfully
  5 grinds
  5 noi
  5 lucy's
  5 contaminated
  5 bridge
  5 showed
  5 dying
  5 reaction
  5 shoots
  5 muffled
  5 sellers
  5 brain
  5 softly
  5 steaming
  5 stumbling
  5 kannika's
  5 regardless
  5 marked
  5 confirmed
  5 famous
  5 arriving
  5 pops
  5 stairwell
  5 horrifying
  5 cup
  5 code
  5 systems
  5 lurking
  5 kick
  5 pounds
  5 capital
  5 but-
  5 bundle
  5 pack
  5 pig
  5 blazing
  5 satisfied
  5 pick
  5 crumbling
  5 marble
  5 soil
  5 haze
  5 malacca
  5 cheap
  5 despised
  5 understands
  5 provided
  5 lazy
  5 sliding
  5 bacteria
  5 wat
  5 enraged
  5 shells
  5 refuses
  5 racks
  5 soaks
  5 sourly
  5 winces
  5 valuable
  5 unions
  5 tropics
  5 joints
  5 picks
  5 odds
  5 handle
  5 flywheels
  5 folds
  5 satisfaction
  5 bomb
  5 flows
  5 vision
  5 raids
  5 merit
  5 whimpering
  5 rack
  5 slot
  5 grandmother
  5 sailing
  5 cling
  5 path
  5 compact
  5 appeared
  5 tilapia
  5 rebirth
  5 fucker's
  5 tone
  5 painful
  5 terrors
  5 coast
  5 challenge
  5 served
  5 posted
  5 expecting
  5 peel
  5 typing
  5 plunging
  5 swallow
  5 surrounding
  5 smokes
  5 adrenaline
  5 scattered
  5 photographs
  5 version
  5 lovely
  5 senses
  5 pump
  5 expense
  5 stifling
  5 helped
  5 blessing
  5 granted
  5 underground
  5 success
  5 appearance
  4 load
  4 paddies
  4 satisfying
  4 address
  4 crest
  4 hopeful
  4 proof
  4 sink
  4 roiling
  4 peter
  4 banging
  4 obedience
  4 lack
  4 rusted
  4 sting
  4 exchange
  4 clippers
  4 seconds
  4 capture
  4 birth
  4 flashing
  4 genehacked
  4 shelves
  4 unaware
  4 num
  4 som
  4 sprawls
  4 fried
  4 ticking
  4 groan
  4 refugee
  4 attend
  4 experience
  4 blast
  4 witnesses
  4 typhoon
  4 genes
  4 action
  4 opponent
  4 shacks
  4 shelling
  4 residue
  4 focused
  4 dare
  4 rafts
  4 tangle
  4 terrace
  4 shatter
  4 retribution
  4 engage
  4 brushes
  4 tricks
  4 attacker
  4 surround
  4 brother
  4 obedient
  4 personally
  4 confines
  4 failures
  4 circling
  4 slumped
  4 bodyguard
  4 victims
  4 pissing
  4 underneath
  4 badge
  4 boots
  4 elder
  4 pleasant
  4 eight
  4 meets
  4 sake
  4 exquisitely
  4 delicate
  4 patterns
  4 groans
  4 dismissal
  4 extends
  4 neither
  4 settle
  4 penang
  4 ravaged
  4 spatters
  4 deliberate
  4 nak
  4 twelve
  4 refusing
  4 invitation
  4 leather
  4 kitchen
  4 discard
  4 suspect
  4 strings
  4 struck
  4 squatting
  4 corrupt
  4 talks
  4 weapon
  4 cradling
  4 contamination
  4 wok
  4 economy
  4 scorpion
  4 whip
  4 leaned
  4 thirsty
  4 emergency
  4 abandon
  4 friendship
  4 twist
  4 surreal
  4 steals
  4 scrape
  4 civilians
  4 raft
  4 packed
  4 nut
  4 safer
  4 played
  4 dripping
  4 evaluating
  4 mites
  4 curse
  4 sacks
  4 alert
  4 hotel
  4 sells
  4 enlightenment
  4 soaking
  4 feral
  4 personnel
  4 hunger
  4 message
  4 dips
  4 breezes
  4 nodded
  4 carrier
  4 effect
  4 captors
  4 30
  4 board
  4 peasant
  4 beauty
  4 flooded
  4 situation
  4 monsoons
  4 lurches
  4 squeezing
  4 seek
  4 expanse
  4 sliced
  4 scramble
  4 shell
  4 trunks
  4 monsters
  4 seawater
  4 internments
  4 prem
  4 indian
  4 add
  4 buries
  4 stain
  4 religious
  4 colorful
  4 create
  4 bread
  4 damma
  4 gut
  4 sarong
  4 contracts
  4 sad
  4 complaints
  4 jewel
  4 escort
  4 shirts'
  4 significant
  4 nam
  4 post
  4 phosri
  4 weak
  4 seas
  4 leds
  4 concerned
  4 whips
  4 battles
  4 explain
  4 squinting
  4 desires
  4 affect
  4 arrogance
  4 redstar
  4 log
  4 pedestrians
  4 closet
  4 200
  4 goods
  4 spattering
  4 station
  4 crows
  4 torches
  4 contents
  4 disposable
  4 speaker
  4 collection
  4 treatment
  4 khmer
  4 gathered
  4 nee
  4 credit
  4 central
  4 starvation
  4 reads
  4 cursing
  4 reported
  4 devil's
  4 identification
  4 melancholy
  4 efficient
  4 implacable
  4 assault
  4 recoils
  4 crawling
  4 nights
  4 wrist
  4 kills
  4 advances
  4 blond
  4 boy's
  4 stars
  4 indeed
  4 sukhumvit
  4 dedicated
  4 saws
  4 striving
  4 swarming
  4 weeks
  4 toes
  4 pretend
  4 quality
  4 daily
  4 dies
  4 finest
  4 intently
  4 guilty
  4 eden
  4 ensure
  4 shining
  4 separate
  4 judgment
  4 fools
  4 dinner
  4 takraw
  4 fuel
  4 butchers
  4 assure
  4 diseases
  4 determination
  4 needle
  4 washing
  4 signature
  4 ushered
  4 gamble
  4 clearly
  4 cared
  4 tearing
  4 covers
  4 processing
  4 native
  4 management
  4 deals
  4 leaflets
  4 assassination
  4 whites
  4 headband
  4 festival
  4 kritipong
  4 totalnutrient
  4 ministers
  4 palace's
  4 corpses
  4 worrying
  4 claimed
  4 suffer
  4 preserve
  4 prosperities
  4 joined
  4 hatred
  4 waiter
  4 intellectual
  4 correct
  4 dials
  4 blank
  4 translucent
  4 roars
  4 harmless
  4 treasure
  4 tube
  4 certainty
  4 traces
  4 rattling
  4 sister
  4 claims
  4 strict
  4 jacket
  4 dropped
  4 helps
  4 crop
  4 hive
  4 cracks
  4 bustles
  4 drain
  4 srimuang
  4 nest
  4 pulse
  4 eagerness
  4 inspecting
  4 godfathers
  4 people's
  4 blocked
  4 bleed
  4 couch
  4 nasty
  4 five-by
  4 excitement
  4 respected
  4 ourselves
  4 blur
  4 bottom
  4 hairy
  4 scrub
  4 adding
  4 safes
  4 prime
  4 ushers
  4 usual
  4 becoming
  4 capable
  4 chile
  4 hurts
  4 rolled
  4 terrified
  4 perched
  4 jokes
  4 frantically
  4 eases
  4 regrets
  4 pi
  4 planned
  4 comments
  4 tainted
  4 sinks
  4 possibility
  4 carrion
  4 coal-diesel
  4 spiritual
  4 revulsion
  4 dilapidated
  4 creating
  4 rules
  4 soaked
  4 vip
  4 length
  4 poured
  4 split
  4 tax
  4 intellect
  4 patience
  4 monopoly
  4 surprisingly
  4 blend
  4 smiled
  4 borders
  4 traditional
  4 composters
  4 crossing
  4 logos
  4 returning
  4 vital
  4 suspiciously
  4 punished
  4 springlife's
  4 leaning
  4 shimmers
  4 pointedly
  4 deluge
  4 wakes
  4 insisted
  4 stool
  4 motivated
  4 flags
  4 reasonable
  4 paths
  4 father's
  4 mottled
  4 ladder
  4 harden
  4 mountain
  4 secured
  4 casually
  4 growths
  4 spreading
  4 cheeks
  4 hanging
  4 shimmering
  4 younger
  4 cat
  4 clog
  4 cables
  4 splinters
  4 frightening
  4 discuss
  4 guests
  4 brave
  4 dash
  4 colors
  4 general's
  4 wars
  4 chlorine
  4 drone
  4 allocation
  4 reward
  4 tomes
  4 enters
  4 rind
  4 specifications
  4 reports
  4 retinue
  4 vendors
  4 seed
  4 urges
  4 bony
  4 funeral
  4 installed
  4 corridor
  4 prostrate
  4 palm-oil
  4 buddhist
  4 drunken
  4 uncomfortable
  4 tubes
  4 historical
  4 precisely
  4 stumble
  4 rolling
  4 scooters
  4 greater
  4 gestures
  4 tilts
  4 cracking
  4 international
  4 demanding
  4 limousine
  4 shooting
  4 mahogany
  4 powers
  4 expressionless
  4 pointed
  4 clot
  4 stick
  4 fading
  4 magic
  4 trembles
  4 fines
  4 lapping
  4 competition
  4 modest
  4 previous
  4 birds
  4 naked
  4 turbofans
  4 china
  4 owes
  4 knelt
  4 precipice
  4 spider
  4 office's
  4 helpful
  4 cleaning
  4 shines
  4 lunge
  4 wrapped
  4 content
  4 foreigner
  4 agrees
  4 layers
  4 lady
  4 relative
  4 purses
  4 surveying
  4 argument
  4 wiping
  4 who's
  4 bang
  4 burrowing
  4 aiming
  4 options
  4 whore
  4 date
  4 betrayed
  4 uncertain
  4 shifting
  4 static
  4 lifted
  4 leng
  4 inner
  4 labors
  4 visit
  4 attract
  4 hesitantly
  4 prove
  4 rhythm
  4 scatter
  4 rope
  4 pole
  4 sprawl
  4 rajan
  4 removed
  4 brothers
  4 strain
  4 separated
  4 monitor
  4 threats
  4 hungers
  4 awake
  4 arrangements
  4 shoving
  4 blouse
  4 bound
  4 counts
  4 miles
  4 swirling
  4 complaint
  4 dumb
  4 controlling
  4 leverage
  4 wounds
  4 testing
  4 bursts
  4 carnage
  4 grim
  4 moon
  4 checkpoint
  4 strip
  4 smashed
  4 coincidence
  4 demand
  4 storage
  4 midst
  4 suit
  4 disgusted
  4 tips
  4 cloth
  4 worship
  4 seeks
  4 dim
  4 repairs
  4 boss
  4 bind
  4 shriek
  4 lasts
  4 savoring
  4 scavenged
  4 controlled
  4 rustling
  4 soothing
  4 naga
  4 agents
  4 bathe
  4 dangling
  4 huddle
  4 scientist
  4 advantage
  4 shoes
  4 normally
  4 upper
  4 nu
  4 machinery
  4 sweeps
  4 trio
  4 blessed
  4 oils
  4 joy
  4 balconies
  4 leash
  4 nor
  4 lab
  4 flavor
  4 sword
  4 anywhere
  4 darkened
  4 daylight
  4 payoffs
  4 yaowarat
  4 realize
  4 charged
  4 squeezes
  4 flow
  4 horrified
  4 translate
  4 meters
  4 jerk
  4 color
  4 accomplish
  4 former
  4 tons
  4 patented
  4 pigs
  4 allies
  4 sandals
  4 landed
  4 wherever
  4 dives
  4 dirigibles
  4 grimacing
  4 noticed
  4 boil
  4 confusion
  4 shores
  4 generipped
  4 translator
  4 acid
  4 requires
  4 vectors
  4 statues
  4 lessons
  4 mark
  4 dour
  4 shambles
  4 party
  4 remained
  4 standard
  4 leap
  4 represents
  4 cheshire's
  3 nape
  3 greeting
  3 declared
  3 corn
  3 clinging
  3 nature's
  3 exercise
  3 overheat
  3 surawong
  3 grunts
  3 flail
  3 loyalists
  3 gendo-sama's
  3 twinkle
  3 wheel
  3 urn
  3 differently
  3 ghost
  3 danger
  3 khrabs
  3 attractive
  3 triumph
  3 tap
  3 meantime
  3 ballast
  3 stiffly
  3 missile
  3 disgusting
  3 dared
  3 taunting
  3 debauch
  3 transgression
  3 transit
  3 mangoes
  3 mixes
  3 dumps
  3 adapt
  3 translating
  3 weaves
  3 genetics
  3 tolerate
  3 bleeding
  3 landscape
  3 bottles
  3 experiences
  3 caresses
  3 tail
  3 fix
  3 glum
  3 forgets
  3 graceful
  3 mutate
  3 chained
  3 barstool
  3 cobras
  3 nonchalance
  3 hurtling
  3 inevitably
  3 expenses
  3 shine
  3 recoil
  3 lacks
  3 ji
  3 peeling
  3 instinct
  3 mischief
  3 combination
  3 models
  3 refused
  3 shies
  3 she'll
  3 illusions
  3 months
  3 reverie
  3 law
  3 squeal
  3 decides
  3 buys
  3 moments
  3 abasement
  3 molt
  3 slumps
  3 miss
  3 scrubbing
  3 shattering
  3 symbol
  3 rapid
  3 resistance
  3 d
  3 customers
  3 vietnam
  3 messy
  3 steal
  3 tiger's
  3 shiver
  3 ladleful
  3 flailing
  3 rawn
  3 relationship
  3 interrupt
  3 prey
  3 cross
  3 amazing
  3 class
  3 shaven
  3 shoppers
  3 anticipation
  3 disaster
  3 ill
  3 tum
  3 seven
  3 sidewalks
  3 dependent
  3 arguing
  3 defense
  3 raleigh-san's
  3 pet
  3 flank
  3 file
  3 wastes
  3 chopsticks
  3 tighter
  3 value
  3 blurs
  3 revolutions
  3 slashed
  3 fronts
  3 slept
  3 fails
  3 loom
  3 lists
  3 scratch
  3 desperation
  3 traitor
  3 kinds
  3 employed
  3 gems
  3 suspects
  3 exhausted
  3 flywheel
  3 variation
  3 forges
  3 shift
  3 decorate
  3 patronage
  3 older
  3 sleek
  3 ties
  3 frighten
  3 funny
  3 dashing
  3 workers'
  3 digging
  3 brewing
  3 sucked
  3 stir
  3 organ
  3 curb
  3 wraps
  3 handhold
  3 dishes
  3 repeatedly
  3 possibilities
  3 approaching
  3 slits
  3 spin
  3 drips
  3 messenger
  3 murder
  3 ideal
  3 baby
  3 unique
  3 confirmation
  3 rambutan
  3 costs
  3 lychee
  3 obsequious
  3 permission
  3 operations
  3 tank's
  3 stiffens
  3 relieved
  3 candle
  3 spires
  3 blinks
  3 bravery
  3 ponders
  3 mastiffs
  3 population
  3 wrecked
  3 suicide
  3 grunt
  3 offended
  3 carried
  3 straighten
  3 admit
  3 scents
  3 stranger
  3 exhaustion
  3 sakda
  3 coal-burning
  3 stronger
  3 broom
  3 reliability
  3 fierce
  3 awkwardly
  3 arches
  3 glowing
  3 evil
  3 discussed
  3 slices
  3 gaps
  3 scabis
  3 skitter
  3 son
  3 bin
  3 officer's
  3 tossed
  3 dashes
  3 apparent
  3 explaining
  3 saeng
  3 flower
  3 careless
  3 warrior
  3 lizards
  3 sealed
  3 scoops
  3 livery
  3 tidy
  3 we'd
  3 rocking
  3 toys
  3 march
  3 replace
  3 columns
  3 emerald
  3 sensing
  3 pop
  3 jumping
  3 priests
  3 delegation
  3 taunt
  3 startled
  3 anguished
  3 million
  3 laolao
  3 figures
  3 breast
  3 guts
  3 shouted
  3 picking
  3 rivers
  3 demeanor
  3 laundry
  3 showers
  3 note
  3 despair
  3 curl
  3 race
  3 surging
  3 provides
  3 abundance
  3 prayer
  3 rubbled
  3 scavenge
  3 colored
  3 contact
  3 compounds
  3 pace
  3 glistens
  3 sweeping
  3 screened
  3 index
  3 empire
  3 hip
  3 punish
  3 isaan
  3 lien
  3 fled
  3 fanatics
  3 watery
  3 angered
  3 singha
  3 vents
  3 limps
  3 sz
  3 budai
  3 dwell
  3 mansion
  3 comparison
  3 bend
  3 seemingly
  3 practically
  3 forgive
  3 ants
  3 petroleum
  3 frowning
  3 encountered
  3 temporary
  3 mystery
  3 clue
  3 warned
  3 tick
  3 slum's
  3 items
  3 suits
  3 warnings
  3 gasping
  3 dots
  3 confidently
  3 vaults
  3 bowing
  3 bathing
  3 falters
  3 contempt
  3 successes
  3 staff
  3 release
  3 assured
  3 lifting
  3 bubbling
  3 discussing
  3 gazes
  3 ping
  3 symptoms
  3 avenue
  3 fickle
  3 infractions
  3 uniformed
  3 shoreline
  3 jostling
  3 spoke
  3 rifles
  3 imminent
  3 jizo
  3 ages
  3 predator
  3 proper
  3 stoop
  3 tunnels
  3 pumping
  3 ledger
  3 assumes
  3 handful
  3 varietal
  3 linen
  3 amphetamine
  3 frame
  3 decent
  3 revealed
  3 dirigible's
  3 survives
  3 abroad
  3 stones
  3 trembling
  3 jok
  3 trumpeting
  3 elements
  3 releases
  3 seasons
  3 tortured
  3 forgot
  3 glittering
  3 snorts
  3 juice
  3 hind
  3 trusts
  3 heaven
  3 yin
  3 bowels
  3 prompts
  3 technologies
  3 bastards
  3 awe
  3 rewrites
  3 stutter
  3 role
  3 court
  3 razed
  3 combat
  3 elizabeth
  3 execute
  3 sleeve
  3 civilized
  3 seize
  3 tropical
  3 available
  3 grow
  3 rustles
  3 scowling
  3 armored
  3 yellowed
  3 considered
  3 muscles
  3 soap
  3 promoted
  3 approval
  3 someplace
  3 raging
  3 forged
  3 tore
  3 tar
  3 rake
  3 mandarin
  3 owe
  3 exactly
  3 eh
  3 wilderness
  3 sheen
  3 bear
  3 descends
  3 somchai's
  3 clerks
  3 intensity
  3 precise
  3 named
  3 branches
  3 operate
  3 knot
  3 explanation
  3 tracks
  3 handlers
  3 duties
  3 encouraged
  3 tucks
  3 cousins
  3 drake's
  3 crackdowns
  3 won
  3 gag
  3 hell's
  3 sacked
  3 visited
  3 creature's
  3 tackle
  3 mood
  3 ignite
  3 twine
  3 well-being
  3 cleaned
  3 unnerved
  3 drew
  3 scrawled
  3 glimmers
  3 machines
  3 somewhat
  3 rubbing
  3 trip
  3 dreams
  3 depends
  3 trusted
  3 bored
  3 garden
  3 blew
  3 intersection
  3 locking
  3 certificates
  3 broad
  3 shore
  3 cover-up
  3 throwing
  3 exchanges
  3 argue
  3 mirrors
  3 pond
  3 finance
  3 snakehead
  3 clouded
  3 trailing
  3 host
  3 gloom
  3 solid
  3 debate
  3 carnival
  3 looming
  3 travels
  3 confiscated
  3 crowded
  3 performance
  3 trap
  3 clumsy
  3 conviction
  3 fancy
  3 sauce
  3 reading
  3 circumstances
  3 hand-painted
  3 tossing
  3 compost
  3 inspections
  3 flare
  3 cockroach
  3 walked
  3 agreed
  3 invested
  3 wafts
  3 bends
  3 rickshaw's
  3 flowing
  3 invisible
  3 cloud
  3 bloom
  3 designs
  3 pathetic
  3 retreat
  3 troubles
  3 dealing
  3 beckoning
  3 protocol
  3 monopolies
  3 highest
  3 crossed
  3 rattles
  3 repair
  3 prod
  3 checked
  3 team
  3 upends
  3 barrier
  3 decay
  3 twenty
  3 expressions
  3 supernatural
  3 wild
  3 fluid
  3 favorite
  3 surrender
  3 swarm
  3 loaded
  3 tables
  3 scrabbles
  3 suspicion
  3 sufficient
  3 debts
  3 parade
  3 antenna
  3 waft
  3 thorn
  3 stains
  3 champion
  3 lowest
  3 spat
  3 bearing
  3 wire
  3 payroll
  3 counting
  3 realizing
  3 dragon
  3 narrowed
  3 assassinated
  3 icy
  3 honored
  3 disarrayed
  3 dismembered
  3 novice
  3 unimaginable
  3 barge
  3 accumulated
  3 khlongs
  3 poles
  3 planning
  3 twitch
  3 self
  3 breathless
  3 francis'
  3 pigeons
  3 funding
  3 stretching
  3 absorb
  3 bruised
  3 deadly
  3 hill
  3 sharing
  3 uncomfortably
  3 yesterday
  3 shading
  3 jealous
  3 crushing
  3 vulture
  3 yashimoto-sama
  3 escorted
  3 electricity
  3 mocking
  3 remaining
  3 representative
  3 wincing
  3 fireworks
  3 ropes
  3 suspicious
  3 prickle
  3 uncertainty
  3 swims
  3 seldom
  3 poke
  3 shivering
  3 wise
  3 valued
  3 alcohol
  3 drains
  3 tinny
  3 seething
  3 where's
  3 privately
  3 letters
  3 mourn
  3 compression
  3 nerve
  3 risky
  3 origin
  3 scooter
  3 bowls
  3 ammunition
  3 butt
  3 suspected
  3 foreheads
  3 dee
  3 rollers
  3 manufacture
  3 copy
  3 data
  3 gust
  3 mumbles
  3 hum
  3 intend
  3 angles
  3 ends
  3 poultry
  3 merciful
  3 flaking
  3 attacks
  3 translates
  3 pities
  3 flier
  3 seated
  3 ending
  3 hovel
  3 bruises
  3 s
  3 describe
  3 rattan
  3 squeezeways
  3 discoveries
  3 acquired
  3 cooler
  3 soot
  3 freely
  3 colleagues
  3 marks
  3 soldiers
  3 groups
  3 regarding
  3 waist
  3 bully
  3 topple
  3 shapes
  3 explained
  3 insane
  3 lifetime
  3 questioned
  3 fucked
  3 fists
  3 absolutely
  3 weigh
  3 bai
  3 producing
  3 shrug
  3 marking
  3 cleared
  3 hysterical
  3 registered
  3 trusting
  3 fixed
  3 tucked
  3 cuffs
  3 erected
  3 rogue
  3 pretends
  3 kinetic
  3 sniffs
  3 schedule
  3 resurrected
  3 halfway
  3 crew
  3 slam
  3 appraising
  3 ability
  3 howling
  3 cordon
  3 turret
  3 hilltribe
  3 ritual
  3 saving
  3 product
  3 pits
  3 accounts
  3 slit
  3 hurting
  3 worthy
  3 cannon
  3 reeking
  3 university
  3 quit
  3 tendrils
  3 diesel
  3 request
  3 okay
  3 xiansheng
  3 buzz
  3 cycle's
  3 humiliating
  3 partial
  3 sways
  3 shipped
  3 yeah
  3 carved
  3 fascination
  3 acts
  3 greatest
  3 skirt
  3 encourages
  3 breach
  3 rough
  3 praying
  3 various
  3 red-fin
  3 hid
  3 unloading
  3 dressing
  3 aunt's
  3 barges
  3 salty
  3 summoned
  3 southeast
  3 miserably
  3 100
  3 haunches
  3 captains
  3 aloud
  3 coconuts
  3 desultory
  3 toast
  3 dial
  3 rumbling
  3 checkpoints
  3 50
  3 potatoes
  3 cheer
  3 tam
  3 rows
  3 choices
  3 saltwater
  3 envelopes
  3 cooling
  3 planks
  3 cauliflower
  3 globe
  3 heaves
  3 rides
  3 chokes
  3 mud
  3 pollution
  3 wagons
  3 prods
  3 boxes
  3 tentatively
  3 panels
  3 events
  3 armor
  3 mutual
  3 releasing
  3 root
  3 bruise
  3 mother-in-law
  3 beats
  3 auntie
  3 cock
  3 studied
  3 storefronts
  3 blossom
  3 goal
  3 ended
  3 kuan
  3 melon
  3 bonus
  3 sail
  3 clanking
  3 products
  3 hunted
  3 bladed
  3 tingling
  3 absently
  3 grief
  3 quarters
  3 bellies
  3 relentless
  3 arranging
  3 rendered
  3 risked
  3 bore
  3 bizarre
  3 degradation
  3 hefts
  3 clotted
  3 portion
  3 blankets
  3 apartment's
  3 volunteer
  3 transport
  3 budget
  3 frozen
  3 centers
  3 schools
  3 equally
  3 streams
  3 laying
  3 faint
  3 crops
  3 yanking
  3 forty
  3 height
  3 tile
  3 lever
  3 accelerated
  3 honey
  3 jostles
  3 sour
  3 materializes
  3 husk
  3 mail
  3 angrily
  3 cadets
  3 corruption
  3 meal
  3 inward
  3 pistols
  3 mizuko
  3 mirror
  3 addition
  3 map
  3 deaths
  3 guarantees
  3 barking
  3 beggar
  3 cages
  3 english
  3 beads
  3 balls
  3 active
  3 ladyboys
  3 raising
  3 willingly
  3 throbs
  3 paperwork
  3 chemical
  3 accepting
  3 spine
  3 protrude
  3 discovery
  3 clutching
  3 smeared
  3 inclined
  3 exquisite
  3 hazard
  3 swing
  3 fertile
  3 speckle
  3 emphasize
  3 exhales
  3 charoen
  3 whisked
  3 navy
  3 splinter
  3 encourage
  3 furry
  3 bakeneko
  3 eggplants
  3 invites
  3 horror
  3 fortunes
  3 wisdom
  3 disassembled
  3 unfortunate
  3 lovers
  3 structures
  3 iteration
  3 executives
  3 suggests
  3 discover
  3 rip
  3 recognized
  3 approved
  3 customer
  3 sprawling
  3 chiang
  3 shambling
  3 imagined
  3 shrieks
  3 breakfast
  3 motioning
  3 covering
  3 nets
  3 practices
  3 sample
  3 avoid
  3 linger
  3 dress
  3 generipping
  3 horizon
  3 clotheslines
  3 obscurely
  3 gush
  3 impressive
  3 grows
  3 shuddering
  3 spot
  3 builds
  3 securing
  3 reset
  3 asian
  3 taunts
  3 listeners
  3 pore
  3 mole
  3 savage
  3 catching
  3 gesture
  3 sawdust
  3 collar
  3 chaos
  3 circulation
  3 performing
  3 imagination
  3 style
  3 signal
  3 interjects
  3 chuckle
  3 scan
  3 cultured
  3 sale
  3 ajahn
  3 enslaved
  3 creak
  3 wooden
  3 chop
  3 scanning
  3 froth
  3 paychecks
  3 spare
  3 painting
  3 store
  3 bot
  3 lattice
  3 coolie
  3 mahouts
  3 10
  3 resistant
  3 doubles
  3 struggle
  3 wits
  3 cropped
  3 emphatically
  3 expanding
  3 mistakes
  3 jackals
  3 proposal
  3 rinds
  3 promises
  3 relatives
  3 perimeter
  3 whines
  3 sunken
  3 unknown
  3 realization
  3 monkey
  3 currents
  3 onward
  3 shui
  3 mindless
  3 skinny
  3 herd
  3 grips
  3 secretaries
  3 resting
  3 shrinking
  3 paint
  3 wore
  3 purpose
  3 expired
  3 pose
  3 spinning
  3 endures
  3 temples
  3 hard-edged
  3 task
  3 crow
  3 strewn
  3 fired
  3 social
  3 floats
  3 noodle
  3 millions
  3 obeys
  3 blasphemy
  3 roils
  3 require
  3 stacks
  3 awaits
  3 greed
  3 emotions
  3 kisses
  3 filtering
  3 swore
  3 mopping
  3 spasm
  3 paste
  3 mutating
  3 scene
  2 pre-emptive
  2 bloodletting
  2 forging
  2 retching
  2 experts
  2 bellows
  2 descend
  2 settling
  2 gloves
  2 wealthy
  2 servile
  2 k
  2 siege
  2 reminder
  2 feline
  2 felines
  2 surfaces
  2 crowding
  2 share
  2 chaudhuri
  2 decorum
  2 huts
  2 8
  2 promenade
  2 appropriate
  2 rate
  2 recover
  2 punctuated
  2 radio's
  2 casts
  2 sifts
  2 explode
  2 rose
  2 reconcile
  2 earning
  2 blacken
  2 fumes
  2 busily
  2 unstable
  2 gangster
  2 gambling
  2 whenever
  2 disrespect
  2 delay
  2 web
  2 wa
  2 stained
  2 leader
  2 shovels
  2 detached
  2 cowers
  2 parties
  2 religion
  2 gentleman
  2 lid
  2 grimaced
  2 sickens
  2 appreciates
  2 rev
  2 resupply
  2 explanations
  2 dangers
  2 airfields
  2 autopsy
  2 twisted
  2 millennia
  2 pinch
  2 swallowing
  2 relic
  2 dismay
  2 casting
  2 stole
  2 occasion
  2 thrums
  2 beams
  2 demon's
  2 dancers
  2 cure
  2 draft
  2 helplessly
  2 rouse
  2 results
  2 thickens
  2 conveyor
  2 ecstatic
  2 piling
  2 chime
  2 siblings
  2 defended
  2 construction
  2 protecting
  2 booze
  2 introduce
  2 oncoming
  2 yowls
  2 splashes
  2 squad
  2 squirrelled
  2 sores
  2 wine
  2 striding
  2 splutters
  2 listened
  2 glint
  2 laboratories
  2 coils
  2 coups
  2 anus
  2 jobs
  2 chances
  2 gigajoule
  2 halter
  2 shoot
  2 bloodshed
  2 harsh
  2 limo
  2 sacrificed
  2 wanting
  2 tug
  2 college
  2 ten-hands
  2 shelter
  2 mulies
  2 stills
  2 sisters
  2 implications
  2 clutched
  2 spilled
  2 imported
  2 thuds
  2 investment
  2 torture
  2 succeed
  2 emaciated
  2 molten
  2 mosquitoes
  2 damned
  2 penetrates
  2 suicidal
  2 talismanic
  2 questing
  2 wedding
  2 aligned
  2 sun's
  2 escaped
  2 heights
  2 hush
  2 betrays
  2 unlucky
  2 picked
  2 bob
  2 absolute
  2 aching
  2 ta
  2 buying
  2 embedded
  2 wan
  2 widely
  2 dear
  2 readies
  2 horrific
  2 fliers
  2 pedalling
  2 blockade
  2 peck
  2 lemongrass
  2 dumbly
  2 lacked
  2 chips
  2 squashes
  2 preserved
  2 vows
  2 enormous
  2 animal's
  2 accepted
  2 medical
  2 rains
  2 slaver
  2 fever
  2 coasts
  2 strips
  2 memorizing
  2 downs
  2 yawns
  2 gutter
  2 fishy
  2 11
  2 continued
  2 fixes
  2 cleansing
  2 circulate
  2 parent
  2 pre-contraction
  2 definitely
  2 sparking
  2 arrogant
  2 riddled
  2 droves
  2 resilient
  2 hummingbird's
  2 affirmative
  2 departure
  2 eternal
  2 cringes
  2 assessment
  2 comfort
  2 secures
  2 writhe
  2 experienced
  2 tethered
  2 toehold
  2 illuminated
  2 scuttle
  2 handlegrips
  2 crab
  2 obscure
  2 dumbstruck
  2 loudly
  2 reflects
  2 shed
  2 picky
  2 alignment
  2 choking
  2 containers
  2 ordination
  2 cynicism
  2 burner
  2 swirled
  2 unsettled
  2 madness
  2 epidemic
  2 rats
  2 combinations
  2 bugs
  2 stools
  2 method
  2 yelp
  2 kopi
  2 charade
  2 barks
  2 demonstrate
  2 cleanly
  2 3
  2 grease
  2 biodiversity
  2 spares
  2 investigating
  2 platform
  2 lubricants
  2 miraculously
  2 bonuses
  2 experiment
  2 drug
  2 noisy
  2 calmly
  2 swollen
  2 proceedings
  2 scuttling
  2 annoyance
  2 sway
  2 ridden
  2 frankly
  2 shares
  2 stays
  2 sand
  2 listing
  2 toad
  2 mewling
  2 durians
  2 akin
  2 gesturing
  2 preparation
  2 bundles
  2 tinged
  2 thrashes
  2 dance
  2 banned
  2 jute
  2 drool
  2 hauling
  2 daughter's
  2 hurriedly
  2 cast
  2 loosening
  2 world's
  2 rat
  2 summon
  2 flakes
  2 purcals
  2 defenses
  2 squeezed
  2 soles
  2 wives
  2 kneel
  2 rely
  2 yellowing
  2 razor
  2 blows
  2 puenthai
  2 emerge
  2 commuters
  2 leech-infested
  2 forge
  2 packaging
  2 tribe
  2 ideas
  2 samloh
  2 lowering
  2 twitching
  2 slavering
  2 makeshift
  2 ladle
  2 traverse
  2 glows
  2 speechless
  2 northern
  2 licenses
  2 murdered
  2 quarantined
  2 aggressive
  2 sickened
  2 straps
  2 sun-drenched
  2 manner
  2 strays
  2 exit
  2 drifts
  2 havoc
  2 scouring
  2 aches
  2 holes
  2 doctors
  2 recent
  2 discomfort
  2 bolt
  2 accomplished
  2 bake
  2 mulls
  2 assembling
  2 underlings
  2 reclining
  2 scales
  2 indicating
  2 evils
  2 risks
  2 masked
  2 ladyboy
  2 handcarts
  2 stakes
  2 grime
  2 dishonored
  2 ba
  2 winks
  2 body's
  2 filigree
  2 serves
  2 lighting
  2 littered
  2 casual
  2 moisture
  2 phraram
  2 knock
  2 shields
  2 washes
  2 vault
  2 hut
  2 maw
  2 pollen
  2 stagnant
  2 petulant
  2 completes
  2 pyramids
  2 related
  2 cowed
  2 banished
  2 spores
  2 caring
  2 tree's
  2 ranged
  2 kimono
  2 advisement
  2 furious
  2 ignoring
  2 flash-bulb
  2 tortoise
  2 listless
  2 prevents
  2 finns
  2 french
  2 depend
  2 vessel
  2 like-
  2 anonymous
  2 shape
  2 assigning
  2 swift
  2 example
  2 divining
  2 clerk
  2 chamber
  2 troop
  2 jumbled
  2 arai
  2 microscope
  2 dining
  2 spark
  2 participate
  2 tower's
  2 violently
  2 complex
  2 midnight
  2 coated
  2 journey
  2 warring
  2 subsides
  2 burnt
  2 tamps
  2 guarding
  2 glorious
  2 politely
  2 tin
  2 sentence
  2 ordained
  2 honestly
  2 infinitely
  2 malays
  2 goals
  2 ricocheting
  2 spatter
  2 annoying
  2 rep
  2 embankment's
  2 clear-cut
  2 frenzy
  2 momentum
  2 overwhelm
  2 observed
  2 windpipe
  2 willingness
  2 nonono
  2 curls
  2 wrinkles
  2 aging
  2 betraying
  2 sen's
  2 lay
  2 sukrit
  2 blackening
  2 wanders
  2 instruction
  2 eyeing
  2 next-gen
  2 heal
  2 vessels
  2 smuggle
  2 lots
  2 detente
  2 observer
  2 context
  2 dine
  2 others'
  2 nipples
  2 sorting
  2 pleasures
  2 torapee
  2 flanked
  2 readily
  2 professional
  2 entrepreneur
  2 thammasat
  2 kukrit
  2 rages
  2 promised
  2 weevils
  2 holy
  2 minister's
  2 necessity
  2 clicks
  2 cement
  2 officially
  2 incoherent
  2 meanwhile
  2 descending
  2 era
  2 squawks
  2 craning
  2 shadowed
  2 impunity
  2 guesses
  2 reclines
  2 positively
  2 freezing
  2 curled
  2 temple's
  2 sobs
  2 wonderful
  2 airborne
  2 hot-hearted
  2 high-capacity
  2 fewer
  2 ignorant
  2 doorstep
  2 rotted
  2 piers
  2 pepper
  2 coins
  2 pound
  2 reception
  2 glimpsed
  2 calming
  2 one-handed
  2 overflow
  2 knocks
  2 plants
  2 units
  2 admission
  2 steers
  2 flutter
  2 twenty-five
  2 contains
  2 splits
  2 downstairs
  2 pleading
  2 hinge
  2 goddamnit
  2 involuntarily
  2 porcelain
  2 contingencies
  2 dares
  2 holster
  2 valuables
  2 mattress
  2 applications
  2 hollows
  2 parting
  2 stilt-house
  2 altered
  2 clues
  2 hypocrisy
  2 chosen
  2 upgrade
  2 25
  2 rebuild
  2 adam's
  2 mock
  2 undone
  2 claws
  2 comment
  2 filed
  2 strangling
  2 idle
  2 neutral
  2 thrive
  2 insulting
  2 childhood
  2 herky-jerky
  2 shoved
  2 optimism
  2 seaweed
  2 rust-colored
  2 telltales
  2 high-walled
  2 sales
  2 shorn
  2 reorients
  2 prow
  2 suggest
  2 matched
  2 upward
  2 jogs
  2 alternative
  2 effects
  2 protein
  2 rubber
  2 frightens
  2 satchel
  2 squash
  2 permanent
  2 shades
  2 15
  2 affront
  2 widening
  2 morosely
  2 innards
  2 invite
  2 toey
  2 formally
  2 assurance
  2 negotiating
  2 apichart
  2 yanked
  2 shuttered
  2 materialize
  2 standards
  2 passages
  2 placated
  2 milling
  2 harvesting
  2 yearly
  2 gaeng
  2 factions
  2 chart
  2 smelling
  2 forward-looking
  2 unused
  2 disposed
  2 sawatdee
  2 nostril
  2 circles
  2 compressed
  2 hinges
  2 grubby
  2 hotter
  2 clash
  2 wound
  2 indoors
  2 introductions
  2 remnants
  2 wedge
  2 wandering
  2 hates
  2 unleash
  2 anxiously
  2 lei
  2 fabulous
  2 subordinate
  2 mongoose
  2 satisfactory
  2 farm
  2 kowtow
  2 channel
  2 belt
  2 demoted
  2 rock
  2 teases
  2 trickster
  2 farming
  2 applies
  2 accusations
  2 indulge
  2 rebellion
  2 krut
  2 corporate
  2 ingenuity
  2 sag
  2 croaks
  2 hobble
  2 glimpses
  2 guarantee
  2 openly
  2 america
  2 claustrophobia
  2 orchid
  2 history's
  2 uncle
  2 hearts
  2 mumbling
  2 tempering
  2 reincarnation
  2 strut
  2 buffalo
  2 goads
  2 the-
  2 clipping
  2 troublesome
  2 unconsciousness
  2 duang
  2 donation
  2 canals
  2 succeeded
  2 ducking
  2 girlfriends
  2 exposing
  2 decks
  2 weave
  2 cycling
  2 folding
  2 hesitate
  2 extinct
  2 vibrate
  2 double
  2 centimeter
  2 snickers
  2 respectful
  2 mission
  2 insists
  2 brief
  2 array
  2 calico
  2 site
  2 khmers
  2 specifics
  2 slaughtered
  2 gagging
  2 disastrous
  2 stride
  2 refined
  2 evaluates
  2 chakri
  2 entrances
  2 foul
  2 hello
  2 bearded
  2 title
  2 limb
  2 union's
  2 sterilization
  2 variant
  2 teacher
  2 zip
  2 associations
  2 inch
  2 nonetheless
  2 spices
  2 cigarette's
  2 foreboding
  2 signed
  2 coughed
  2 timber
  2 astounding
  2 popular
  2 maddened
  2 stillness
  2 beaten
  2 careers
  2 scabs
  2 bowed
  2 doubtfully
  2 clogged
  2 street's
  2 litter
  2 unravelled
  2 family's
  2 independent
  2 bouncing
  2 approached
  2 grate
  2 squints
  2 sob
  2 indicate
  2 smirking
  2 occupied
  2 musters
  2 droplets
  2 jadeite
  2 eaten
  2 fragile
  2 clutches
  2 weighs
  2 mistress
  2 broke
  2 tick-tock
  2 gibbons'
  2 imports
  2 testament
  2 unbending
  2 delta
  2 pocks
  2 buffer
  2 branch
  2 morphine
  2 eyelids
  2 bakes
  2 rumbled
  2 receipts
  2 seared
  2 elites
  2 furiously
  2 eastern
  2 rama's
  2 crotch
  2 paving
  2 flap
  2 ranking
  2 airfield
  2 lowered
  2 hysteria
  2 prefers
  2 crippled
  2 faded
  2 entice
  2 pry
  2 bent
  2 howl
  2 boulevards
  2 pretending
  2 lanes
  2 coalesce
  2 temper
  2 rousting
  2 desultorily
  2 scurrying
  2 noon
  2 completed
  2 mulie
  2 species
  2 pichai
  2 tariff
  2 taxi
  2 reparation
  2 skips
  2 track
  2 oily
  2 kilo
  2 hokkien
  2 youth
  2 flotsam
  2 wasted
  2 stench
  2 infections
  2 talisman
  2 famines
  2 truths
  2 oven
  2 gawks
  2 bureaucracy
  2 vent
  2 wracks
  2 balustrade
  2 dieow
  2 sparkle
  2 thoroughfare
  2 enforcement
  2 resembles
  2 boddhi
  2 desire
  2 afterward
  2 child's
  2 balances
  2 flax
  2 coin
  2 fragments
  2 spy
  2 shuts
  2 karmic
  2 villager
  2 coatings
  2 communications
  2 administration
  2 promising
  2 assumed
  2 wail
  2 flutters
  2 verge
  2 hard-eyed
  2 incarnation
  2 warms
  2 functions
  2 gait
  2 pipes
  2 shuffle
  2 visible
  2 click
  2 riders
  2 brightest
  2 fantasy
  2 plant
  2 cradle
  2 dazed
  2 smarter
  2 pierced
  2 tapping
  2 cradles
  2 dingy
  2 overheats
  2 shutting
  2 how-
  2 coolness
  2 sawing
  2 unafraid
  2 patio
  2 cursed
  2 worrisome
  2 weaponry
  2 commands
  2 protector's
  2 stepping
  2 rhythmically
  2 drove
  2 interrupted
  2 ate
  2 cupped
  2 comrades
  2 worshippers
  2 sailors
  2 designated
  2 throughout
  2 acknowledging
  2 sleeps
  2 falter
  2 artery
  2 candlelight
  2 tiller
  2 propose
  2 adult
  2 dances
  2 reckless
  2 lampposts
  2 creaking
  2 unlike
  2 melt
  2 fresher
  2 instant
  2 treadling
  2 favored
  2 bitterness
  2 strangle
  2 attacked
  2 glasses
  2 guardian
  2 sunburned
  2 clamber
  2 intelligent
  2 admires
  2 stump
  2 hulls
  2 she'd
  2 ravens
  2 snack
  2 depresses
  2 jamming
  2 ugliness
  2 clambers
  2 worshipped
  2 reduced
  2 shamble
  2 counter
  2 skids
  2 mutations
  2 it'll
  2 feared
  2 answers
  2 notified
  2 lantern
  2 noises
  2 composure
  2 requests
  2 bothered
  2 unexpectedly
  2 noses
  2 hostage
  2 married
  2 shown
  2 end-stage
  2 uv
  2 na
  2 mango
  2 bench
  2 fiercely
  2 ashore
  2 treated
  2 growl
  2 twenty-four
  2 itches
  2 issuing
  2 challenges
  2 slings
  2 shakelight
  2 gratitude
  2 precious
  2 obstruction
  2 ao
  2 viable
  2 dismiss
  2 saunters
  2 evaporate
  2 vigorously
  2 diversity
  2 tramp
  2 wad
  2 drugs
  2 cleanup
  2 vegetable
  2 bragging
  2 shrine's
  2 dike
  2 rivulets
  2 paralyzed
  2 partner
  2 reflection
  2 choosing
  2 burden
  2 showering
  2 student
  2 torch
  2 boils
  2 flops
  2 passive
  2 learning
  2 attendance
  2 entertainment
  2 pillaging
  2 survey
  2 prang
  2 approved-burn
  2 jumble
  2 decisions
  2 unload
  2 motes
  2 expectantly
  2 ache
  2 creation
  2 adapted
  2 thumbs
  2 surviving
  2 hail
  2 pots
  2 puffs
  2 exorbitant
  2 sorted
  2 chatters
  2 submission
  2 softens
  2 consume
  2 organism
  2 wasting
  2 preserving
  2 afford
  2 expand
  2 defending
  2 defender
  2 plantation
  2 chess
  2 whitewashed
  2 volume
  2 giddy
  2 levers
  2 shaved
  2 groggy
  2 equatorial
  2 perches
  2 rinsing
  2 burnings
  2 brake
  2 likeness
  2 2
  2 measures
  2 felis
  2 bonds
  2 stray
  2 prisoner
  2 grits
  2 ingredients
  2 reincarnated
  2 incompetence
  2 plastic
  2 teller
  2 clumsily
  2 furniture
  2 armies
  2 leechee
  2 amuses
  2 transgressive
  2 habitat
  2 causing
  2 gravity
  2 paired
  2 church
  2 massacre
  2 strands
  2 fruit's
  2 snapping
  2 cushions
  2 wide-eyed
  2 mutter
  2 thirteen
  2 succumbed
  2 dreaming
  2 drills
  2 barest
  2 prehensile
  2 terrifyingly
  2 hovels
  2 account
  2 avian
  2 switch
  2 awed
  2 begun
  2 sins
  2 suggested
  2 torment
  2 cibi
  2 efficiently
  2 shaken
  2 grimace
  2 rant
  2 companies'
  2 nguyen
  2 stupidity
  2 buzzes
  2 lewis
  2 export
  2 agricultural
  2 venting
  2 acquiescence
  2 gutters
  2 furtively
  2 generosity
  2 shimmer
  2 bartender
  2 tattooed
  2 acknowledges
  2 sparks
  2 tenacious
  2 unleashing
  2 groaning
  2 dropping
  2 antidote
  2 scavenging
  2 subservience
  2 particular
  2 saffron-robed
  2 blanches
  2 digest
  2 stall
  2 despises
  2 cells
  2 absurdly
  2 billows
  2 defensive
  2 beggars
  2 countrymen
  2 mimes
  2 ignored
  2 grandmother's
  2 unease
  2 bowman
  2 dominance
  2 day's
  2 lime
  2 venom
  2 petroleum-burning
  2 compassionate
  2 medals
  2 uncontrollably
  2 ascertain
  2 stumps
  2 hooks
  2 buckle
  2 niches
  2 flung
  2 woven
  2 innocent
  2 scour
  2 impatience
  2 cellulose
  2 unwillingly
  2 invasion
  2 garlands
  2 stores
  2 busted
  2 mirth
  2 grimy
  2 self-satisfied
  2 tom
  2 stricken
  2 caches
  2 floors
  2 enforced
  2 warehouse
  2 pillars
  2 tender
  2 natives
  2 tightens
  2 irony
  2 monk's
  2 intent
  2 eager
  2 sought
  2 genus
  2 croak
  2 ripe
  2 announces
  2 turtle's
  2 song
  2 equipped
  2 slender
  2 leadership
  2 insistent
  2 followers
  2 anticipated
  2 soup
  2 asia
  2 fruition
  2 watchful
  2 clatter
  2 plates
  2 districts
  2 unwinding
  2 buddhists
  2 unconditionally
  2 clasps
  2 requirements
  2 heats
  2 patches
  2 goading
  2 cordons
  2 crush
  2 cowering
  2 balanced
  2 bible
  2 mother's
  2 judge
  2 campus
  2 shopkeepers
  2 another's
  2 circumstance
  2 gulping
  2 twitches
  2 shirt's
  2 madly
  2 adorn
  2 shortcuts
  2 handholds
  2 tamarind
  2 ink
  2 irritates
  2 collapsed
  2 smash
  2 received
  2 stadium
  2 stuck
  2 hungering
  2 greasing
  2 crushes
  2 counter-coups
  2 bellowing
  2 holdings
  2 contain
  2 washed
  2 intended
  2 fighters
  2 engages
  2 puff
  2 jerking
  2 grew
  2 indulged
  2 mist
  2 concert
  2 impression
  2 totter
  2 joining
  2 bumps
  2 avenues
  2 seethe
  2 stilt
  2 well-known
  2 folly
  2 undoubtedly
  2 sighed
  2 raped
  2 dig
  2 settled
  2 ordered
  2 display
  2 congenial
  2 pursuit
  2 ag134
  2 cozying
  2 awfully
  2 fond
  2 jaw
  2 lands
  2 posts
  2 uglier
  2 hobbles
  2 liver-spotted
  2 commandos
  2 mediums
  2 paintings
  2 entourage
  2 parents
  2 grabbing
  2 gaudy
  2 informs
  2 necks
  2 varieties
  2 richest
  2 agrigens
  2 phosphorescent
  2 attentions
  2 ahh
  2 spoon
  2 curry
  2 scowl
  2 launch
  2 thrill
  2 ruled
  2 gurgling
  2 underlining
  2 encased
  2 frantic
  2 fluttering
  2 hibiscus
  2 unravels
  2 soy
  2 transience
  2 enormity
  2 fade
  2 beam
  2 roam
  2 prominent
  2 fig
  2 prick
  2 crews
  2 porches
  2 evolved
  2 jammed
  2 examined
  2 flights
  2 attempts
  2 lapped
  2 possibly
  2 jab
  2 diamond
  2 yashimoto's
  2 markings
  2 murmur
  2 toppled
  2 inert
  2 managed
  2 jurisdiction
  2 proved
  2 scouting
  2 scale
  2 sprints
  2 blackened
  2 tattoos
  2 eagerly
  2 disputes
  2 buck
  2 crouching
  2 smears
  2 kit's
  2 sois
  2 folded
  2 largely
  2 khun-
  2 squeezeway
  2 logo
  2 shaven-headed
  2 pedestrian
  2 follow-up
  2 realized
  2 lizard
  2 500
  2 skulls
  2 actions
  2 libraries
  2 peters
  2 plumb
  2 resurrection
  2 tenting
  2 foresight
  2 regularly
  2 patrolling
  2 celebrating
  2 l
  2 shrinks
  2 bottoms
  2 owner's
  2 dealt
  2 maintain
  2 unsmiling
  2 floated
  2 instantly
  2 wetness
  2 accustomed
  2 cabinets
  2 scientific
  2 coiled
  2 feng
  2 surrendering
  2 5000
  2 shuffling
  2 happier
  2 erupted
  2 mirthlessly
  2 stretched
  2 lightning
  2 scrabble
  2 corners
  2 betrayals
  2 shovel
  2 guys
  2 stuttering
  2 consequence
  2 posturing
  2 alongside
  2 tidal
  2 arrayed
  2 nameless
  2 sad-faced
  2 views
  2 aim
  2 dispatched
  2 threatened
  2 whim
  2 star
  2 establish
  2 stages
  2 restrain
  2 heated
  2 responsibility
  2 scope
  2 harm
  2 efficiency
  2 survivor
  2 armbands
  2 hoists
  2 perspective
  2 excavate
  2 guarded
  2 react
  2 freak
  2 fanning
  2 scab
  2 molts
  2 long-ago
  2 ingrained
  2 accelerate
  2 widened
  2 seal
  2 cow
  2 stretch
  2 faced
  2 measuring
  2 gaslights
  2 mangosteen
  2 occur
  2 destiny
  2 salvaged
  2 keeper
  2 nests
  2 life's
  2 coats
  2 malivalaya
  2 occasionally
  2 yourselves
  2 beaches
  2 grovel
  2 bathtub
  2 roasted
  2 pork
  2 bleary
  2 treatments
  2 butterfly
  2 crackdown
  2 drenched
  2 whimpers
  2 explosives
  2 skinnier
  2 supplant
  2 overcomes
  2 beast's
  2 fiction
  2 rituals
  2 neighboring
  2 salad
  2 someone's
  2 papa-san
  2 impossibly
  2 detail
  2 interdicted
  2 investigations
  2 skins
  2 dais
  2 thankful
  2 offline
  2 powered
  2 bump
  2 documents
  2 presents
  2 forbidden
  2 35
  2 trade's
  2 ecosystem
  2 removes
  2 korakot
  2 balancing
  2 sifting
  2 country's
  2 khon
  2 negative
  2 twirls
  2 enjoying
  2 whoever
  2 greatly
  2 pointless
  2 renegotiation
  2 ripples
  2 portfolio
  2 contract
  2 contraband
  2 amazed
  2 dutifully
  2 encounter
  2 shared
  2 prostrates
  2 lightening
  2 astounded
  2 furtive
  2 according
  2 joint
  2 mandate
  2 specialized
  2 respectfully
  2 promotion
  2 manufacturer
  2 kicking
  2 cranking
  2 avalanche
  2 supports
  2 spends
  2 innocuous
  2 obstructing
  2 lung
  2 roots
  2 cage
  2 exclaim
  2 autumn
  2 refuge
  2 extend
  2 underwater
  2 not-
  2 high-tech
  2 model
  2 tightened
  2 luxurious
  2 brains
  2 ratchet
  2 exemption
  2 accidental
  2 similarly
  2 tease
  2 intensely
  2 invaded
  2 visibly
  2 conveniently
  2 bred
  2 sailed
  2 fearless
  2 lounge
  2 sewing
  2 guessed
  2 east
  2 brash
  2 sullenly
  2 ankle-deep
  2 stared
  2 operation
  2 recognizing
  2 charity
  2 protective
  2 lockdown
  2 impact
  2 negotiate
  2 trimaran
  2 twisting
  2 snacks
  2 pedal
  2 deck
  2 layer
  2 glistening
  2 tsunami
  2 hammering
  2 couple
  2 mayhem
  2 pliable
  2 bark
  2 hopping
  2 disk
  2 smashing
  2 tending
  2 bunker
  2 precarious
  2 trains
  2 recognition
  2 believing
  2 composting
  2 rioters
  2 record
  2 keepers
  2 unhappy
  2 coolies
  2 treat
  2 discussion
  2 answering
  2 kuok
  2 challenging
  2 to-
  2 sheltered
  2 rotates
  2 minds
  2 tagged
  2 generous
  2 logistics
  2 coating
  2 mix
  2 unwillingness
  2 sadness
  2 grave
  2 pillow
  2 flock
  2 laps
  2 hualamphong
  2 plot
  2 evolve
  2 tough
  2 accompanied
  2 bird
  2 sly
  2 fecundity
  2 empties
  2 slamming
  2 half-torn
  2 kid
  2 streaks
  2 modesty
  2 twinned
  2 remind
  2 hand-crank
  2 sounding
  2 atonement
  2 witness
  2 samurai
  2 foreigner's
  2 accommodations
  2 abandonment
  2 thickened
  2 teaches
  2 converge
  2 infection
  2 glassy
  2 status
  2 acrid
  2 blinking
  2 boddhis
  2 payments
  2 ordering
  2 darkening
  2 blurry
  2 demonstrates
  2 recovered
  2 retired
  2 provenance
  2 fantastic
  2 drift
  2 porridge
  2 conferring
  2 guided
  2 extreme
  2 famine
  2 remembered
  2 peninsula
  2 nails
  2 sauntering
  2 areas
  2 described
  2 floodwater
  2 periphery
  2 bags
  2 favoring
  2 suppressed
  2 hydrofoil
  2 superiors
  2 night's
  2 ledge
  2 born
  2 summons
  2 cushion
  2 denied
  2 nostrils
  2 incensed
  2 hating
  2 complacently
  2 official
  2 defenseless
  2 insect
  2 convenient
  2 flaming
  2 yowl
  2 tri-clipper
  2 overseeing
  2 domesticus
  2 fake
  2 invade
  2 atone
  2 eyesight
  2 viruses
  2 radios
  2 paces
  2 transferred
  2 nothing's
  2 hinted
  2 slapping
  2 ascension
  2 saddened
  2 pattern
  2 produces
  2 glowers
  2 checking
  2 optimistic
  2 dive
  2 surroundings
  2 ship's
  2 meditation
  2 chewing
  2 viscous
  2 profitable
  2 chanted
  2 torque
  2 pleasantly
  2 gritted
  2 exceeded
  2 easier
  2 suffered
  2 crash
  2 pokes
  2 thais'
  2 sprays
  2 justice
  2 rights
  2 skills
  2 statue
  2 sideways
  2 executed
  2 displaying
  2 shy
  2 self-control
  2 hammer
  2 lunches
  2 distressed
  2 unwelcome
  2 protects
  2 confirm
  2 grooves
  2 thief
  2 guy
  2 surprising
  2 grandfather
  2 glitter
  2 delays
  2 sicknesses
  2 offense
  2 tarps
  2 sub-train
  2 flu
  2 bets
  2 efforts
  2 marches
  2 rushed
  2 scratched
  2 rooted
  2 mounted
  2 ought
  2 pacing
  2 unmistakable
  2 crisp
  2 python
  2 acknowledgment
  2 glowed
  2 inoculated
  2 neglect
  2 rag
  2 wing
  2 gamblers
  2 avoiding
  2 throne
  2 adjust
  2 weakly
  2 divide
  2 struggling
  2 glides
  2 drank
  2 woks
  2 studio
  2 uncaring
  2 unsettling
  2 cower
  2 inevitable
  2 funds
  2 napalm
  2 timetable
  2 dithakar
  2 octopus
  2 transfer
  2 maintained
  2 wings
  2 stake
  2 card's
  2 reengineered
  2 respects
  2 skyward
  2 interrupting
  2 cobra's
  2 copies
  2 fishes
  2 reminiscent
  2 barrels
  2 doglike
  2 health
  2 oun
  2 restore
  2 ego
  2 shops
  2 scaffolding
  2 pencils
  2 crime
  2 century
  2 resort
  2 puzzlement
  2 traders
  2 fooled
  2 beckon
  2 awaiting
  2 modified
  2 intersections
  2 babies
  2 rips
  2 spending
  2 attained
  2 continents
  2 lays
  2 origins
  2 barracks
  2 delight
  2 coal-driven
  2 momentarily
  2 merits
  2 instincts
  2 contentedly
  2 celebration
  2 hips
  2 division
  2 quarter
  2 oversee
  2 wats
  2 deed
  2 pinches
  2 hallucinated
  2 oranges
  2 moods
  1 jaidee-uninvited
  1 proven
  1 mmm
  1 rotation
  1 tantalizing
  1 paws
  1 resents
  1 constrained
  1 potentially
  1 stance-
  1 counted
  1 embedding
  1 disengages
  1 29
  1 mi
  1 horseface
  1 tosacan
  1 nymphs
  1 survivors
  1 mascara
  1 puffing
  1 pawn
  1 hainan-style
  1 well-oiled
  1 warriors
  1 dates
  1 merchant
  1 suss
  1 boworniwet
  1 splinting
  1 diseased
  1 chip
  1 learns
  1 impersonal
  1 option
  1 dodging
  1 courtiers
  1 graphs
  1 verbal
  1 kindled
  1 scoffed
  1 belching
  1 dependence
  1 shoveling
  1 finality
  1 compound-or
  1 disciplined
  1 misters
  1 paean
  1 arresting
  1 behemoth
  1 despising
  1 refill
  1 guest
  1 stair
  1 outcome
  1 flavor-real
  1 flings
  1 striking
  1 squatted
  1 39
  1 musk
  1 puckered
  1 separating
  1 mementos
  1 balky
  1 mains
  1 cloistered
  1 enveloped
  1 1
  1 stimulation
  1 playfulness
  1 hops
  1 sniffer
  1 thumping
  1 damps
  1 escapees
  1 devastation
  1 laotian-rubber-wheeled
  1 kaizen
  1 cooked
  1 her-suttipong
  1 dams
  1 deafening
  1 involve
  1 figured
  1 attendant
  1 repeating
  1 revving
  1 mortared
  1 stirring
  1 galls
  1 intercourse
  1 lubricant
  1 lemons
  1 hedge
  1 20
  1 mulie-the
  1 leaders
  1 onslaught
  1 combusting
  1 thickly
  1 savannas
  1 dangle
  1 semblance
  1 failures-
  1 concepts
  1 thai-chinese
  1 tinkling
  1 insults
  1 heavily
  1 tinkering
  1 heft
  1 doubts
  1 envy
  1 recline
  1 surrendered
  1 abide
  1 stampeded
  1 regains
  1 wouldn't-
  1 hunts
  1 entertainments
  1 wants-
  1 gasp
  1 smudge
  1 obligations
  1 fantasize
  1 solitaire
  1 infatuation
  1 seductive
  1 hesitation
  1 pearl
  1 170
  1 americans
  1 sentimental
  1 26
  1 inconvenience
  1 dipped
  1 blister-rust
  1 suspension
  1 war-damaged
  1 hellish
  1 dominoes
  1 b
  1 radical
  1 codes
  1 48
  1 levee's
  1 inedible
  1 wildernesses
  1 tapestry
  1 rainbow
  1 climes
  1 lubricating
  1 fundamentalism
  1 foods
  1 right-no
  1 violet
  1 gracefully
  1 topples
  1 facilitate
  1 prodding
  1 brisk
  1 cabinet
  1 banking
  1 lockstep
  1 politicking
  1 illusion
  1 trifled
  1 flew
  1 fending
  1 sailor
  1 oyster
  1 adorns
  1 gen-my
  1 ecosystems
  1 not-quite
  1 squads
  1 debacle
  1 attach
  1 cards-who
  1 regular
  1 diligent
  1 uranium
  1 trays
  1 egging
  1 disrobe
  1 silhouetting
  1 jugular
  1 widens
  1 superstition
  1 deploy
  1 cobbled
  1 elevator's
  1 hindu
  1 northeastern
  1 rhythmic
  1 well-run
  1 copious
  1 register
  1 brilliant
  1 newcomers-these
  1 reflections
  1 unperturbed
  1 dish
  1 emperor
  1 mortality
  1 caption
  1 summoning
  1 cocked
  1 tortures
  1 harassing
  1 thunder
  1 skirmish
  1 clamped
  1 recovers
  1 ashes
  1 dodge
  1 gall
  1 depict
  1 drippings
  1 hardships
  1 tailored
  1 intoxicating
  1 beholden
  1 character
  1 duty-
  1 willfully
  1 unfair
  1 waterfall
  1 latex
  1 songkran
  1 loving
  1 hells
  1 half-severed
  1 switchgrass-cellophane
  1 symbolic
  1 stored
  1 stubble
  1 conquered
  1 waif
  1 unidentifiable
  1 funnel
  1 parliament
  1 devours
  1 dreamily
  1 thump
  1 tandem
  1 dimly
  1 husband
  1 freebooter's
  1 hasty
  1 greets
  1 criminal
  1 wading
  1 lashings
  1 unclean
  1 administrator
  1 eavesdrops
  1 charts
  1 seethes
  1 glutted
  1 chilly
  1 lingerie
  1 gunned
  1 taxes
  1 blanketing
  1 plethora
  1 cotton
  1 choppy
  1 ones-they
  1 whirling
  1 fly-covered
  1 water-resistant
  1 leafcurl
  1 resourcefulness
  1 q'ran
  1 affected
  1 80
  1 untold
  1 alice
  1 starched
  1 hydraulic
  1 seller
  1 flexes
  1 bastion
  1 napier
  1 one-eighty
  1 purchased
  1 officials
  1 handkerchief
  1 desired
  1 shafts
  1 flaunting
  1 sawn
  1 mitigating
  1 pulsing
  1 strive
  1 emerging
  1 melted
  1 database
  1 mercury
  1 patter
  1 thriving
  1 mak
  1 penh
  1 past-a
  1 banked
  1 achieves
  1 haunt
  1 leading
  1 hoisting
  1 virtuous
  1 umbrellas
  1 advance
  1 apocalyptic
  1 dispatching
  1 single-shot
  1 indie
  1 smolder
  1 diameter
  1 frustrated
  1 solidity
  1 engulfing
  1 toji
  1 dawning
  1 addictions
  1 wealthy-
  1 phii's
  1 slave
  1 busies
  1 possessions
  1 long-term
  1 corridors
  1 surat's
  1 buddhas
  1 inventory
  1 overflights
  1 supreme
  1 rioted
  1 sliver
  1 neighbor
  1 lacking
  1 129
  1 exporting
  1 quads
  1 something-an
  1 gorge
  1 editorials
  1 ramshackle
  1 betting
  1 withered
  1 rasping
  1 soil-
  1 pandemic
  1 joyful
  1 identified
  1 warming
  1 memorabilia
  1 emphasizing
  1 eight-meter
  1 provocation
  1 sincere
  1 description
  1 cataloguing
  1 southern
  1 purse
  1 jerk-and
  1 shopping
  1 genitals
  1 botanists
  1 politics-
  1 frond
  1 ensconced
  1 jungle-mottled
  1 big-
  1 matsushita
  1 renovated
  1 bathes
  1 hostile
  1 clashing
  1 cuff
  1 kimonos
  1 stinks
  1 underway
  1 assignments
  1 snorted
  1 catalogue
  1 messing
  1 compliant
  1 jumpy
  1 tasting
  1 confessional
  1 bali
  1 reemerges
  1 qualities
  1 splashed
  1 increase
  1 slut
  1 brick
  1 hazy
  1 frail
  1 providing
  1 mysterious
  1 writhing
  1 blurring
  1 gamesman
  1 assistant's
  1 pheromones
  1 impasse-
  1 championships
  1 mohammed's
  1 dust-mantled
  1 bold
  1 gushed
  1 60
  1 sweltered
  1 trail
  1 disapproval
  1 whittlings
  1 swivels
  1 alliances
  1 unavoidable
  1 addled
  1 mucus
  1 convulsively
  1 hosted
  1 past-the
  1 founder
  1 staunch
  1 tokens
  1 communicate
  1 ceremonies
  1 regained
  1 bachelor's
  1 bangs
  1 depressed
  1 relish
  1 bleeds
  1 gaze-this
  1 affection
  1 autopsied
  1 overheated
  1 half-human
  1 clippings
  1 servant's
  1 angle
  1 chawan
  1 rained
  1 preach
  1 softness
  1 self-respecting
  1 lohng
  1 urine
  1 unshaven
  1 columnar
  1 saddhu
  1 refute
  1 hierarchy
  1 augmented
  1 incurring
  1 sukhothai-style
  1 splendid
  1 visas
  1 theory
  1 dusting
  1 long-lashed
  1 fits
  1 unnerving
  1 sparkles
  1 magnification
  1 creators
  1 independence
  1 usurpation
  1 roped-off
  1 legitimate
  1 smacks
  1 disperse
  1 glaring
  1 90
  1 semi-translucent
  1 manager's
  1 fireflies
  1 spurting
  1 stature
  1 bloodless
  1 walls-with
  1 pecking
  1 reverberates
  1 crinkle
  1 fingerling
  1 practice
  1 outsiders
  1 foreswear
  1 waterfront
  1 temptations
  1 disintegrates
  1 hiked
  1 coiling
  1 appease
  1 stocks
  1 versions
  1 starving-
  1 arouses
  1 theorist
  1 opportunistic
  1 cinnamon
  1 37
  1 twenty-second
  1 savings
  1 humility
  1 landmarks
  1 wish-
  1 feted
  1 employment
  1 identifiers
  1 acknowledgement
  1 verdant
  1 wistfully
  1 stoned
  1 half-off
  1 pus
  1 trophy
  1 cups
  1 harvests
  1 screwing
  1 repeat
  1 variables
  1 pausing
  1 birthday
  1 hepatitis
  1 disappointed
  1 shoulder's
  1 41
  1 culled
  1 calibrate
  1 morally
  1 subtly
  1 hardship
  1 document
  1 shortened
  1 mosses
  1 shack
  1 needn't
  1 disinter
  1 lifetimes
  1 ganesha
  1 limitations
  1 narrating
  1 teetering
  1 cautiously
  1 joked
  1 develop
  1 sugar
  1 manipulate
  1 airlift
  1 contagion
  1 ninety-nine
  1 tolerates
  1 18
  1 deemed
  1 forlorn
  1 teased
  1 foe
  1 inspector
  1 couples
  1 slow-moving
  1 goodness
  1 consequences
  1 majesty's
  1 carbon-armored
  1 rubbed
  1 shielded
  1 fantasies
  1 stimulus
  1 tenderly
  1 actual
  1 reseating
  1 horribly
  1 double-edged
  1 fearlessly
  1 glowworms
  1 demanded
  1 wetting
  1 lashed
  1 sited
  1 ferry
  1 joker
  1 occasional
  1 compliment
  1 horrors
  1 lacquer
  1 yelping
  1 profiteers
  1 pickled
  1 trashed
  1 accidentally
  1 audience
  1 sonthalia
  1 hushes
  1 plaster
  1 thrives
  1 nitrogen
  1 embezzled
  1 taut
  1 mammal
  1 silos
  1 tourniquet
  1 flame-orange
  1 awash
  1 detritus
  1 genespotter
  1 secretive
  1 wretched
  1 rubbery
  1 announced
  1 define
  1 physicality
  1 blares
  1 practicality
  1 reforming
  1 lure
  1 hailing
  1 knee-deep
  1 wreaked
  1 withholding
  1 convulses
  1 operational
  1 parked
  1 sipping
  1 simpler
  1 tabs
  1 tops
  1 silo
  1 problematic
  1 fury
  1 environment's
  1 presages
  1 knowingly
  1 mountains
  1 shrieking
  1 there-the
  1 forming
  1 consecrating
  1 punctured
  1 wheeled
  1 emanates
  1 weights
  1 employees
  1 blindfolds
  1 rescue
  1 bites
  1 unbelievably
  1 clambering
  1 wealth-but
  1 succeeds
  1 all-and
  1 hydrogen
  1 draftee
  1 streamlining
  1 microprocessors
  1 stayed
  1 benevolent
  1 brace
  1 14
  1 begged
  1 cocky
  1 basket
  1 sheaf
  1 patrolled
  1 accretion
  1 structural
  1 benefited
  1 crumbs
  1 1000
  1 43
  1 nutrients
  1 remainder
  1 ached
  1 unnoticed
  1 extendible
  1 immunity
  1 lookout
  1 pate
  1 align
  1 eighty
  1 liquefied
  1 slimy
  1 ministry-one
  1 exceptional
  1 mourns
  1 documentation
  1 billowing
  1 fulfilled
  1 numbness
  1 kings'
  1 suppress
  1 vanishing
  1 poring
  1 museum
  1 viyada
  1 marshals
  1 rub
  1 thickets
  1 crossbars
  1 slime
  1 gouting
  1 22
  1 sympathetically
  1 recession
  1 purring
  1 molecularly
  1 vaunted
  1 khanom
  1 behavior
  1 jetties
  1 unbidden
  1 red-faced
  1 chairs
  1 undercurrents
  1 quotas
  1 loads
  1 dignity
  1 marvels
  1 convulse
  1 generips
  1 nuzzles
  1 household
  1 emphasized
  1 taxation
  1 bidding
  1 flash-frame
  1 faceless
  1 feast
  1 tasted
  1 textbook
  1 entrepreneurial
  1 staffers
  1 ejected
  1 pinning
  1 plantings
  1 rambootan
  1 winters
  1 hydrofoils
  1 instruments
  1 withstand
  1 deserted
  1 110
  1 expel
  1 mutates
  1 tricky
  1 sedately
  1 science
  1 advisor
  1 33
  1 pitiful
  1 suffers
  1 tensions
  1 boudry's
  1 indulgence
  1 chewed
  1 displayed
  1 cupping
  1 mumbled
  1 tusk
  1 mildewed
  1 quoile's
  1 luck-the
  1 monopolizing
  1 legends
  1 flora
  1 wade
  1 professionalism
  1 handed
  1 film
  1 composites
  1 improvement
  1 thrashing
  1 drinkers
  1 stand-down
  1 cultural
  1 justifications
  1 middle-aged
  1 dribigles
  1 habit
  1 transfixed
  1 failing
  1 excavated
  1 lao-lao
  1 bury
  1 deserved
  1 steeply
  1 intrigued
  1 sordid
  1 postures
  1 piss-poor
  1 pay-
  1 hue
  1 dotted
  1 excreta
  1 aspect
  1 shockingly
  1 well-deserved
  1 slithering
  1 additives
  1 nirvana
  1 drape
  1 smoldering
  1 lengths
  1 vector
  1 pursed
  1 addict
  1 overflight
  1 blotchy
  1 currying
  1 career
  1 short-sighted
  1 disregard
  1 remove
  1 gghhghghhghhhh
  1 anthem
  1 silly-when
  1 scattering
  1 guizi's
  1 guile
  1 isolating
  1 retreats
  1 cent
  1 desiccated
  1 drenches
  1 proximity
  1 kanet
  1 bending
  1 mama-san
  1 bat
  1 befell
  1 nickname
  1 award
  1 unending
  1 healthiest
  1 conversationalists
  1 24-7
  1 interruption
  1 commander
  1 paved
  1 miracles
  1 edging
  1 torching
  1 jesses
  1 worthwhile
  1 oversized
  1 tiredly
  1 specific
  1 cycle-rickshaw
  1 grasps
  1 flavors
  1 self-respect
  1 pursue
  1 commando
  1 reconciling
  1 uneasily
  1 appendage
  1 maneuver
  1 entranced
  1 untouchable
  1 windup-
  1 picket
  1 ridges
  1 excretes
  1 epithets
  1 mentions
  1 surgeries
  1 bolting
  1 concept
  1 spiking
  1 eruption
  1 kids
  1 occurred
  1 wager
  1 reluctantly
  1 magnifying
  1 disease-
  1 genehacking
  1 ideals
  1 imperatives
  1 brahma-perhaps
  1 gout
  1 confiscate
  1 hoe
  1 arming
  1 equip
  1 swarmed
  1 paolo
  1 student's
  1 ninety-eight
  1 seventy-five
  1 committed
  1 til
  1 easing
  1 entered
  1 unlocks
  1 realm-
  1 monstrosities
  1 finer
  1 escalate
  1 plaything
  1 advertising
  1 salary
  1 impending
  1 spews
  1 probing
  1 multitudes
  1 thickening
  1 sarawut
  1 rewarded
  1 tiff
  1 potted
  1 gusting
  1 sucking
  1 write
  1 cured
  1 circuitous
  1 curve
  1 muting
  1 commercial
  1 smug
  1 exploding
  1 earnest
  1 pinpricks
  1 capitalize
  1 lone
  1 poorest
  1 linseed
  1 fainted
  1 airship
  1 ramakin
  1 machinations
  1 exist-a
  1 warmth
  1 silhouetted
  1 impure
  1 preventing
  1 nation-breaking
  1 harbor
  1 polished
  1 concentrated
  1 crust
  1 carroll's
  1 rippling
  1 inviting
  1 sheaves
  1 scenes
  1 welling
  1 butcher
  1 expands
  1 wins
  1 brimming
  1 vacuum-sealed
  1 jog
  1 trundle
  1 upside
  1 bordering
  1 asam
  1 erratic
  1 blearily
  1 obsessed
  1 sabotage
  1 esteem
  1 reconsidering
  1 pinnacle
  1 silken
  1 tragedy
  1 r
  1 idolizing
  1 plunged
  1 moldy
  1 sentiments
  1 sainthood
  1 enrage
  1 builder
  1 mewls
  1 enfolding
  1 suvarnabhumi
  1 greetings
  1 brahmin
  1 render
  1 supawadi
  1 complementary
  1 opportunists
  1 competitor
  1 curries
  1 maze-like
  1 subdued
  1 jakae
  1 figure
  1 executive
  1 constructed
  1 terrorist
  1 priest
  1 rousted
  1 honorably
  1 nasi
  1 flicks
  1 intruding
  1 embargoes
  1 mini-jacket
  1 doubting
  1 groundwork
  1 sneaking
  1 opponents
  1 stowing
  1 rectangle
  1 can-
  1 devoid
  1 decorated
  1 disbanded
  1 goddess
  1 executing
  1 displays
  1 killings
  1 depression
  1 gravel
  1 crowed
  1 animal-a
  1 noncommittally
  1 hurried
  1 bracing
  1 enforcers
  1 mockery
  1 tactics
  1 wryly
  1 sideburns
  1 tickling
  1 bastard's
  1 conspiracy
  1 veins
  1 widow
  1 wires
  1 hazarded
  1 privations
  1 nevertheless
  1 self-satisfaction
  1 effected
  1 laab
  1 ownership
  1 organization
  1 objectively
  1 tinkle
  1 eighth-generation
  1 ruminations
  1 stewing
  1 universal
  1 gross
  1 undo
  1 laborer's
  1 similarities
  1 lazily
  1 intercedes
  1 un
  1 wavers
  1 attractiveness
  1 suppurating
  1 impasse
  1 cease
  1 equitable
  1 smothering
  1 hustled
  1 paramount
  1 loan
  1 ninety
  1 jitters
  1 lied
  1 tissue
  1 grapple
  1 north-assuming
  1 sewers
  1 predators
  1 moot
  1 amnesty
  1 coat
  1 expansion-era
  1 well-respected
  1 wills
  1 emptiness
  1 freelance
  1 tripled
  1 connections
  1 tricked
  1 diaries
  1 kilometers
  1 mating
  1 triumphs
  1 mangosteens
  1 include
  1 clattering
  1 elbow's
  1 126
  1 propitiations
  1 stank
  1 elephantine
  1 couched
  1 fengle
  1 reinforcements
  1 abate
  1 hospitality
  1 darkness-
  1 peppering
  1 discards
  1 roti
  1 paralysis
  1 deciphered
  1 comparisons
  1 ill-treated
  1 mushroom
  1 whitewashing
  1 tingles
  1 finishing
  1 hierarchies
  1 ingratiate
  1 pessimist
  1 squalor
  1 evacuating
  1 device
  1 camera
  1 inspects
  1 jackets
  1 contagious
  1 exciting
  1 sicken
  1 wai-ing
  1 purcal's
  1 sam
  1 hypocritical
  1 socket
  1 enamored
  1 vermilion-combed
  1 hakka
  1 unaffected
  1 equivalent
  1 sealing
  1 confiscating
  1 uplift
  1 reconfirms
  1 sponsor
  1 16
  1 deer
  1 grounded
  1 softening
  1 separates
  1 repaid
  1 rotate
  1 modeled
  1 economic
  1 convulsive
  1 reappears
  1 veinous
  1 ward
  1 patched
  1 police-
  1 alabama
  1 abyss
  1 insulated
  1 retrieve
  1 omen
  1 housewives
  1 gee
  1 harbingers
  1 debauched
  1 permeates
  1 wistful
  1 mt8
  1 preacher
  1 unsecured
  1 hills
  1 bulls
  1 praise
  1 maddening
  1 lapses
  1 predictable
  1 fermented
  1 mists
  1 avarice
  1 waiters
  1 gigajoules
  1 rearranging
  1 trivial
  1 saluted
  1 farang's
  1 whirl
  1 whoring
  1 pulp
  1 partners
  1 nibbana
  1 beatings
  1 cram
  1 visceral
  1 convincing
  1 animated
  1 ravening
  1 prot
  1 106-left
  1 destroy-a
  1 fitting
  1 competes
  1 congratulates
  1 lust
  1 congealing
  1 boom
  1 boiled
  1 pottery
  1 speculations
  1 trove
  1 unwraps
  1 quell
  1 anguish
  1 iron-digesting
  1 everything's
  1 super-predator
  1 coarse
  1 capriciousness
  1 lined
  1 grant
  1 sufficiently
  1 haggling
  1 band
  1 library
  1 stubs
  1 apple
  1 handler
  1 servers
  1 unreliable
  1 rag-doll
  1 admits
  1 botanic
  1 vermilion-variant
  1 orleans
  1 hired
  1 hard-faced
  1 pan
  1 ugh
  1 heavy-handed
  1 calluses
  1 travelled
  1 dogging
  1 banks
  1 whirs
  1 month's
  1 weals
  1 streaked
  1 thrust
  1 collections
  1 heading
  1 rare
  1 grabbed
  1 rusting
  1 moment-
  1 crumbled
  1 cui
  1 slapped
  1 caricature
  1 youthful
  1 merchants
  1 harshly
  1 unassuming
  1 end-table
  1 binds
  1 dip
  1 them-while
  1 victories
  1 torrents
  1 scorpions
  1 owns
  1 sieve
  1 syrup
  1 chops
  1 idiot
  1 suggestion
  1 misplaced
  1 ancients
  1 dashed
  1 friendships
  1 addicts
  1 fugging
  1 greenish
  1 issued
  1 wags
  1 stranger's
  1 gawked
  1 onset
  1 nation's
  1 range
  1 invincibility
  1 solidarity
  1 sterilizer
  1 complicit
  1 intoxicated
  1 puffy
  1 transmission
  1 lord-he
  1 ridiculously
  1 blindly
  1 pyramidal
  1 rightly
  1 rooftops
  1 kiss
  1 toxins
  1 vented
  1 fraught
  1 gasoline
  1 primary
  1 kindling
  1 anesthetic
  1 terribly
  1 near-god's
  1 merge
  1 karmatha
  1 slurred
  1 misunderstand
  1 coded
  1 winning
  1 drifting
  1 thinker
  1 performances
  1 moniker
  1 assistants
  1 airtight
  1 ricochet
  1 withdrawal
  1 rally
  1 monkhood
  1 tipping
  1 molecule
  1 unstuffed
  1 ounce
  1 misunderstanding
  1 watertight
  1 sore
  1 shrugged
  1 eventually'
  1 confer
  1 beforehand
  1 pans
  1 pollack-spatter
  1 vandalize
  1 nicotine
  1 sixteen-year-old
  1 lanna
  1 mongkut
  1 pasty
  1 premwadee
  1 urban
  1 uninspected
  1 changeable
  1 stupor
  1 regretted
  1 tribunal
  1 relaxing
  1 parchment
  1 intervene
  1 ladies
  1 triviality
  1 shamed
  1 defer
  1 cheers
  1 tumblers
  1 supported
  1 cloak
  1 raiding
  1 colossal
  1 chirp
  1 western
  1 180
  1 quarantining
  1 disemboweled
  1 them-
  1 travelogues
  1 capitulation
  1 peafowl
  1 scavengers
  1 wei
  1 ubiquitous
  1 cooing
  1 bloodlettings
  1 geography
  1 snuffs
  1 comfortably
  1 rival
  1 occurs
  1 inter
  1 designing
  1 papayas
  1 uncomprehending
  1 toying
  1 dynasty
  1 krungthon
  1 mentor
  1 booby
  1 york
  1 rasps
  1 citrus
  1 nightshade
  1 gallons
  1 prophecies
  1 steppes
  1 clipped
  1 scarcity
  1 absurdity
  1 sew
  1 jailed
  1 martinis
  1 choreographed
  1 molds
  1 hardest
  1 left-over
  1 wetted
  1 thug
  1 researcher
  1 quays
  1 respecting
  1 drives
  1 bluster
  1 clinical
  1 properly
  1 settlement
  1 build
  1 forensics
  1 harvest
  1 pristine
  1 proposed
  1 dismissing
  1 well-built
  1 delights
  1 peek
  1 unclear
  1 switching
  1 quibble
  1 stroked
  1 additional
  1 hand-doesn't
  1 heechy-keechy-with
  1 visits
  1 chlorophyll
  1 siriporn
  1 ill-used
  1 aborted
  1 reformed
  1 reporting
  1 evinced
  1 interact
  1 nostalgic
  1 wrinkled
  1 habitation
  1 despairs
  1 whipping
  1 denotes
  1 makmak
  1 crooked
  1 clusters
  1 bullied
  1 hindquarters
  1 yet-
  1 moaning
  1 barter
  1 clatters
  1 shorts
  1 liaison
  1 uncleansed
  1 atrophied
  1 fries
  1 reprisals
  1 meditates
  1 islam
  1 agrigen-arranged
  1 quilt
  1 per
  1 performed
  1 tributaries
  1 smitten
  1 throttle
  1 enduring
  1 knobs
  1 reflexive
  1 lunch
  1 bitching
  1 senseless
  1 renegotiated
  1 sprinting
  1 sensitive
  1 wiped
  1 orthodoxy
  1 threw
  1 clustered
  1 deposits
  1 dodges
  1 pursuers
  1 wondered
  1 periods
  1 reclaim
  1 then-even
  1 traditions
  1 attain
  1 serendipity
  1 protests-
  1 ladles
  1 steady-many
  1 roped
  1 needling
  1 heavy-lift
  1 boreholes
  1 creeps
  1 development
  1 raving
  1 submit
  1 fast-copies
  1 gem
  1 busty
  1 trucks
  1 including
  1 hallucinate
  1 alight
  1 5
  1 yelps
  1 villa
  1 flatly
  1 supportive
  1 wife's
  1 graffiti
  1 troubling
  1 suthep
  1 shortcut
  1 anathema
  1 curfews
  1 ninja
  1 over-specialized
  1 ratcheting
  1 animation
  1 comforting
  1 designers
  1 adventure
  1 grade
  1 methods
  1 futility
  1 muscled
  1 vials
  1 elephant-derived
  1 lover
  1 srisati
  1 resins
  1 combatants
  1 seeu
  1 marry
  1 46
  1 schooled
  1 champion's
  1 drunks
  1 raining
  1 sustains
  1 kudzu
  1 guzzles
  1 groundwater
  1 magnified
  1 pavilion
  1 high-rise
  1 manufactory
  1 indulges
  1 courts
  1 paddles
  1 machine's
  1 four-inch
  1 illegally
  1 improvised
  1 pollamai
  1 sprained
  1 clip
  1 contained
  1 wheelchair
  1 pursues
  1 theatrics
  1 doubted-but
  1 whittling
  1 severed
  1 bathroom
  1 subtle
  1 wattles
  1 gaslight
  1 heaving
  1 captain's
  1 corv
  1 upraised
  1 wished
  1 tat
  1 geriatric
  1 micro
  1 rational
  1 mistreated
  1 pounded
  1 slobbering
  1 mishimoto's
  1 rationing
  1 hand-rolled
  1 benighted
  1 tabletop
  1 possible-
  1 exterminators
  1 radically
  1 cremated
  1 cooking
  1 well-loved
  1 cornerstone
  1 mussels
  1 unhurried
  1 marigold
  1 siphon
  1 seriousness
  1 arises
  1 pains
  1 cleaner
  1 plastered
  1 basic
  1 shamefully
  1 meddle
  1 fearfully
  1 13
  1 distinguish
  1 slow-motion
  1 handset
  1 airway
  1 32
  1 placement
  1 toil
  1 chews
  1 reasonably
  1 exultant
  1 install
  1 lai
  1 changsha
  1 piecing
  1 agrigen-sponsored
  1 dna-with
  1 encasing
  1 succor
  1 chi
  1 lug
  1 ridiculed
  1 never-
  1 questions-
  1 doomed
  1 high-pitched
  1 outrage
  1 chokepoint
  1 wilds
  1 taller
  1 policy
  1 non-existent
  1 lasted
  1 recklessly
  1 blue-eyed
  1 cringing
  1 stings
  1 serene
  1 pirates
  1 junk
  1 skewers
  1 undulating
  1 tactful
  1 addressed
  1 accommodate
  1 titter
  1 barring
  1 bricked
  1 dynamics
  1 all-begging
  1 brass
  1 highly
  1 somnolent
  1 flimsy
  1 awry
  1 seeded
  1 measured
  1 dreamed
  1 sterilizes
  1 balsa
  1 fundamental
  1 futile
  1 injury
  1 contextualized
  1 bearable
  1 rath
  1 gobble
  1 metropolis
  1 licking
  1 safe's
  1 sri
  1 perfunctory
  1 hurdling
  1 kowloon
  1 quirks
  1 organized
  1 intends
  1 invader
  1 scamper
  1 investors'
  1 primal
  1 thanachai-all
  1 unkinking
  1 roles
  1 scribblers
  1 defined
  1 crude
  1 coiffed
  1 repaired
  1 tn249
  1 backpedals
  1 sparkling
  1 originate
  1 sauna
  1 transgress
  1 suburbs
  1 vincent
  1 normal
  1 pollinator
  1 technical
  1 rewrite
  1 dense-packed
  1 colleagues'
  1 associates
  1 claiming
  1 now-with
  1 chirathivat's
  1 spore
  1 monitoring
  1 sun-dried
  1 monetary
  1 loll
  1 art
  1 investigators
  1 goreng
  1 instructs
  1 labrador
  1 competing
  1 loudspeaker
  1 shelters
  1 protestations
  1 hatching
  1 imploring
  1 nail
  1 blinding
  1 lightheaded
  1 powering
  1 urgency
  1 lucrative
  1 disengaged
  1 inspectors
  1 orgasm
  1 thing-the
  1 drs
  1 sony
  1 appoint
  1 teeter
  1 waved
  1 slim
  1 rowing
  1 pitiable
  1 civilization
  1 calorie-to-joule
  1 pre-judge
  1 rambles
  1 painfully
  1 hothouse
  1 annoys
  1 enforcer
  1 smothered
  1 murky
  1 herds
  1 propositions
  1 variations
  1 sunan
  1 literally
  1 violent
  1 manners
  1 legend
  1 pamphlets
  1 bulk
  1 worries
  1 sticks-and
  1 rues
  1 unrestrained
  1 believable
  1 snuffles
  1 rabbit
  1 phenomenon
  1 admissions
  1 liars
  1 confusing
  1 handsomely
  1 unlocked
  1 pre-arranged
  1 expect
  1 cleverly
  1 perfume
  1 practicable
  1 yells
  1 patdown
  1 swaying
  1 wares
  1 temperatures
  1 nozzles
  1 empires
  1 sovereign
  1 pretended
  1 close-cropped
  1 pali
  1 discipline
  1 yell
  1 fitted
  1 palletized
  1 sixty
  1 resounding
  1 bodes
  1 anchors
  1 casing
  1 contemplative
  1 addilek
  1 channels
  1 panther
  1 recruits
  1 training-if
  1 bamboo's
  1 chapatis
  1 hoods
  1 windpipe-explaining
  1 paddled
  1 free-fall
  1 poker
  1 quantities-
  1 engineering
  1 slowed
  1 versus
  1 complacent
  1 nightjars
  1 hillside
  1 scabbed
  1 intricate
  1 puzzles
  1 eight-foot
  1 foams
  1 cabin
  1 ringed
  1 cleanse
  1 statistic
  1 casualties
  1 inductee
  1 pinching
  1 naturally
  1 rein
  1 rat-face
  1 construct
  1 swiveling
  1 delegation's
  1 grind
  1 escaping
  1 cakes
  1 sprung
  1 impassioned
  1 slow-
  1 anticipatory
  1 towelling
  1 neon
  1 uprooted
  1 ignites
  1 muster
  1 inaccurate
  1 hilarity
  1 platter
  1 peeled
  1 parks
  1 stopgap
  1 circuit
  1 heirloom
  1 shredded
  1 ministry-taxed
  1 hagg's
  1 minor
  1 comprise
  1 booms
  1 hypnotized
  1 fleets
  1 liquidity
  1 blood-warm
  1 raku
  1 reality
  1 wheezing
  1 semen
  1 chitra
  1 hafiz's
  1 demo
  1 brawling
  1 freakish
  1 sarongs
  1 however
  1 padh
  1 provoke
  1 why'd
  1 ministrations
  1 those-carefully
  1 sloping
  1 disgraced
  1 battlefield
  1 wink
  1 tolerant
  1 remnant
  1 snuggled
  1 paradise
  1 spouts
  1 predicts
  1 flashbulb
  1 restraint
  1 ugly-
  1 gallery
  1 sheened
  1 institution
  1 amends
  1 laboratory
  1 manufactuary
  1 delighted
  1 spokes
  1 sprawled
  1 cemented
  1 only-
  1 influenza
  1 polishing
  1 moist
  1 twinkling
  1 glory-seeking
  1 backlighting
  1 advisors
  1 fierceness
  1 tellers
  1 sulking
  1 competitive
  1 gatherings
  1 shimmery
  1 antivirals
  1 half-dozen
  1 pawns
  1 sapping
  1 indulgently
  1 poverty
  1 predation
  1 hem
  1 marionette
  1 ghghhaha
  1 glories
  1 squeamish
  1 convictions
  1 arrest
  1 well-tied
  1 chanh
  1 undresses
  1 green-bathed
  1 whining
  1 glean
  1 low-level
  1 vertical
  1 usually
  1 target's
  1 swerve
  1 assassinations
  1 shopfronts
  1 unfold
  1 descendants
  1 produced
  1 soi's
  1 160
  1 champions
  1 component
  1 uncontrolled
  1 mounts
  1 surfeit
  1 theater
  1 turn-slowly
  1 overdose
  1 factory-
  1 single-handed
  1 mustering
  1 rash
  1 angling
  1 eng's
  1 nonchalantly
  1 impenetrable
  1 off-balance
  1 converted
  1 bequeathed
  1 teaching
  1 genespotters
  1 klang
  1 kabuki
  1 gossamer
  1 disturbing
  1 relentlessness
  1 trampling
  1 hainan
  1 half-moons
  1 nai
  1 quadruple
  1 sharpened
  1 conspires
  1 caressing
  1 companions
  1 varietals
  1 superstitious
  1 worlds
  1 betrayal
  1 ascendant
  1 epicenter
  1 pardon
  1 thermal
  1 befit
  1 roaming
  1 galley
  1 inspiring
  1 meticulously
  1 stampede
  1 halved
  1 world-
  1 frequent
  1 case-that
  1 whirlwind
  1 decreed
  1 passport
  1 immaculate
  1 savagely
  1 vacation
  1 else-that
  1 raw
  1 thus
  1 restricted
  1 flowed
  1 summer
  1 welcomes
  1 chests
  1 groves
  1 ordaining
  1 nations
  1 kaw
  1 slower
  1 harmless-looking
  1 clogging
  1 criticism
  1 stuffing
  1 lofted
  1 turtle
  1 7
  1 bribery
  1 vultures
  1 nude
  1 ches
  1 sopping
  1 delivers
  1 arrogantly
  1 additions
  1 pissed
  1 shortage
  1 alarm
  1 abound
  1 glints
  1 swatting
  1 coasting
  1 losing-and
  1 murderer
  1 kirimukha
  1 smelled
  1 factotum
  1 indicators
  1 webs
  1 authorization
  1 broadcast
  1 credit's
  1 sneezes
  1 luek
  1 130
  1 solve
  1 chattering
  1 ten-ton
  1 remover
  1 chat
  1 leaks
  1 nap
  1 long-extinct
  1 wearily
  1 yuthakon
  1 weeds
  1 wrought
  1 parquet
  1 conservatism
  1 bananas
  1 undress
  1 composter
  1 female
  1 filtered
  1 massages
  1 toenails
  1 reeked
  1 acute
  1 perverse
  1 embittered
  1 grieve
  1 sketches
  1 surf
  1 multinational
  1 jin
  1 nu's
  1 incorruptible
  1 copied
  1 ritualized
  1 same-at
  1 urgent
  1 puppet
  1 blends
  1 jail
  1 presumably
  1 140
  1 adequate
  1 restless
  1 offshore
  1 succumb
  1 mama-sans
  1 kidding
  1 canine
  1 neung
  1 khrabbed
  1 pursuer
  1 legendary
  1 samet
  1 oddity
  1 cameras
  1 stroll
  1 resists
  1 trumpeted
  1 kidnapping
  1 connects
  1 contortions
  1 snakeheads
  1 overtaken
  1 strives
  1 blueprint
  1 payload
  1 sinkhole
  1 techs
  1 pikanet
  1 it-but
  1 green-tinged
  1 justify
  1 uncontrollable
  1 comprehension
  1 enlighten
  1 compartment
  1 comb
  1 prosper
  1 cibiscoscosis111
  1 shopped
  1 favoritism
  1 unlimited
  1 tablecloths
  1 mafan
  1 lockers
  1 crannies
  1 turmeric
  1 ferrying
  1 catering
  1 ineffectually
  1 backward
  1 crackling
  1 displeasure
  1 outhouse
  1 humiliations
  1 boards
  1 supposedly
  1 vengeance
  1 spikes
  1 limited
  1 rented
  1 demon-eyed
  1 unfriendly
  1 wonderingly
  1 envisions
  1 deng
  1 cardinals
  1 tinge
  1 water's
  1 aperture
  1 pockmarked
  1 straightening
  1 huddling
  1 granddaughter's
  1 elegantly
  1 jokingly
  1 conjured
  1 bleak
  1 hoarding
  1 traded
  1 lair
  1 hurrying
  1 apologizing
  1 fangs
  1 weird
  1 trips
  1 foot-diameter
  1 dredged
  1 heap
  1 rout-running
  1 prefer
  1 intoxication
  1 novice's
  1 assurances
  1 slink
  1 foiling
  1 axe
  1 deflated
  1 invariably
  1 mantra
  1 commotion
  1 soothingly
  1 grasses
  1 principals
  1 seals
  1 stables
  1 tit
  1 flourished
  1 backlit
  1 frequency
  1 onions
  1 extracting
  1 voiced
  1 fringed
  1 doom
  1 nostalgia
  1 briefed
  1 uneasiness
  1 raided
  1 vehicles
  1 nightmares
  1 smooth-skinned
  1 revoke
  1 experimental
  1 nipple
  1 seub-but
  1 decamped
  1 oppose
  1 optimal-
  1 favorably
  1 glancing
  1 preservatives
  1 grandchild
  1 delivery
  1 rifle's
  1 propping
  1 off-color
  1 spear
  1 tarping
  1 steeping
  1 unpleasant
  1 ratchets
  1 mated
  1 considerable
  1 secretary's
  1 causeways
  1 jets
  1 inwardly
  1 background
  1 wander
  1 leaping
  1 necessitate
  1 reached
  1 woody
  1 skeletons
  1 fanatically
  1 replies
  1 acknowledge
  1 malice
  1 powdering
  1 delicately
  1 uneven
  1 idealist
  1 wilts
  1 baskets
  1 disintegrate
  1 unwise
  1 burrow
  1 inconveniently
  1 airwaves
  1 noble
  1 hardwoods
  1 executions
  1 de-quarantined
  1 procures
  1 her-instead
  1 shoos
  1 unspoiled
  1 nicer
  1 legacy
  1 upriver
  1 apron
  1 longingly
  1 developing
  1 joists
  1 randomly
  1 darkens
  1 newspaper
  1 abrupt
  1 graciously
  1 mali
  1 disadvantaged
  1 endure
  1 rests
  1 ration
  1 ceilingward
  1 enlarged
  1 abrasions
  1 tumbling
  1 evades
  1 beneficial
  1 resolve
  1 merrily
  1 protested
  1 foreman
  1 lingers
  1 bugging
  1 extinction
  1 mobilized
  1 forthcoming
  1 trots
  1 herbs
  1 immense
  1 foodstock
  1 reincarnates
  1 entrails
  1 tantalizingly
  1 breakers
  1 sheeting
  1 strategic
  1 sun-baked
  1 rosy
  1 pinned
  1 liver
  1 bulb
  1 certain-that
  1 trample
  1 rusts
  1 obeyed
  1 tasked
  1 ministry-certified
  1 anthropomorphizing
  1 bowonniwet
  1 spooling
  1 twin
  1 junkies
  1 nagas
  1 plague-resistant
  1 pretext
  1 gone-but
  1 marvelling
  1 glide
  1 florid
  1 four-foot
  1 exclamations
  1 c
  1 insubstantial
  1 warns
  1 girl-
  1 overturned
  1 limes
  1 railway
  1 door's
  1 contest
  1 tarnished
  1 sixth
  1 eccentric
  1 gene
  1 floral
  1 operators
  1 bhumibol's
  1 gruffly
  1 developed
  1 guns-and
  1 purposes
  1 inhabit
  1 bible's
  1 suns
  1 fool's
  1 dampens
  1 soundly
  1 formal
  1 wracking
  1 uncoordinated
  1 hoops
  1 tempo
  1 wields
  1 blanks
  1 sugars
  1 rumored
  1 milky
  1 seub's
  1 butchery
  1 quelled
  1 introducing
  1 150
  1 jingjok2
  1 champagne
  1 intersect
  1 charities
  1 ensured
  1 algae-derived
  1 34
  1 skyline's
  1 technician
  1 bounties
  1 sunburn
  1 phralan
  1 exoskeleton
  1 shell-shocked
  1 nooses
  1 peace
  1 limits-so
  1 sizzles
  1 co
  1 secretly
  1 children-in
  1 contains-
  1 phnom
  1 chad
  1 weather
  1 seating
  1 purr
  1 wept
  1 footholds
  1 sprint
  1 values
  1 forgave
  1 canvass
  1 diaspora
  1 clock
  1 disapproving
  1 friends'
  1 bun
  1 conceives
  1 triple-filter
  1 stormed
  1 inhospitable
  1 meager
  1 guttering
  1 businesslike
  1 inhales
  1 inoculation
  1 wrestle
  1 fated
  1 orgy
  1 moderates
  1 tunnel
  1 passageway
  1 embed
  1 evenings
  1 encroachment
  1 overzealous
  1 exponential
  1 boss'
  1 membership
  1 en
  1 pomp
  1 white-hot
  1 distributes
  1 modern
  1 outrank
  1 fortress
  1 blood-bloated
  1 shutter
  1 nauseating
  1 unwittingly
  1 poster
  1 fraud
  1 waterproof
  1 requisitioning
  1 unparalleled
  1 eve
  1 beers
  1 pre-orders
  1 vehement
  1 sloshing
  1 sacking
  1 scout
  1 delirious
  1 assign
  1 extending
  1 neanderthals
  1 bagged
  1 mammalian
  1 marooned
  1 reside
  1 whistle
  1 racket
  1 exiled
  1 appreciation
  1 gawk
  1 strikes
  1 accountancy
  1 aspire
  1 messengers
  1 market-
  1 pillowy
  1 avoids
  1 dharma
  1 exposed-a
  1 admirably
  1 carriers
  1 cream
  1 spring-driven
  1 suppresses
  1 genius
  1 searing
  1 time-time
  1 here-
  1 oaths
  1 tinker
  1 avoided
  1 homeland
  1 butter
  1 half-mad
  1 yoked
  1 sheathing
  1 wraith
  1 marriages
  1 swerves
  1 untie
  1 crumples
  1 floorboards
  1 spying
  1 weaving
  1 scrabbling
  1 person's
  1 itching
  1 fountain
  1 sergeant
  1 goggles
  1 confessing
  1 mahmoud
  1 dark-skinned
  1 himself-all
  1 privilege
  1 pirated
  1 drawers
  1 intercultural
  1 bouts
  1 angering
  1 tokyo
  1 consumed
  1 ramrod
  1 gambles
  1 jeopardize
  1 reddish
  1 totally
  1 consulates
  1 sheathe
  1 descended
  1 call-
  1 voluptuous
  1 rallying
  1 scuttles
  1 resolute
  1 king's
  1 shrapnel
  1 medicine
  1 infringements
  1 doorways
  1 threshold
  1 krasue
  1 numb
  1 contribute
  1 departs
  1 fauna
  1 businesses
  1 pumps-so
  1 lobes
  1 singed
  1 poking
  1 stoppered
  1 dwarfed
  1 friends-
  1 crisscross
  1 locates
  1 jo
  1 jangles
  1 overreaching
  1 wode
  1 wizened
  1 dung-choked
  1 slung
  1 stadiums
  1 meted
  1 claustrophobic
  1 infertility
  1 ointments
  1 leavings
  1 identify
  1 kites
  1 risking
  1 beneficiaries
  1 processes
  1 placating
  1 rework
  1 dry-
  1 erection
  1 well-fleshed
  1 toss
  1 egg-which
  1 srinakharin
  1 shark-like
  1 trysts
  1 seizing
  1 item
  1 express
  1 forwardness
  1 martyrs
  1 whom
  1 cobb
  1 impudence
  1 delaying
  1 expediting
  1 yingtie
  1 affecting
  1 fecund
  1 understandable
  1 porticos
  1 utilizes
  1 hatch
  1 curiously
  1 decorates
  1 untenable
  1 expose
  1 admonishing
  1 cooperated
  1 unremarked
  1 punishments
  1 matted
  1 photographer
  1 clench
  1 spittle
  1 inform
  1 echoing
  1 scribblers-his
  1 appetites
  1 thigh
  1 cowards
  1 blaming
  1 gloomy
  1 biosystems
  1 devices
  1 mapped
  1 flees
  1 saints
  1 zou
  1 alights
  1 slicked
  1 coursing
  1 underlie
  1 gu's
  1 half-jacket
  1 lapse
  1 scald
  1 problem-this
  1 dawdle
  1 poison
  1 wireless
  1 scorning
  1 streak
  1 agent
  1 denounced
  1 suffocating
  1 flared
  1 craves
  1 128
  1 denigrated
  1 rates
  1 blasted
  1 destined
  1 confetti
  1 sincerity
  1 thicket
  1 solutions
  1 rob
  1 reflexively
  1 monitors
  1 firestorm
  1 application
  1 blasphemous
  1 hostility
  1 pats
  1 procedures
  1 reconfirm
  1 scarecrow
  1 overcome
  1 garments
  1 e
  1 kowtowing
  1 male
  1 membranes
  1 bashing
  1 soil'
  1 officers'
  1 convulsions
  1 blessings
  1 uneasy
  1 thrived
  1 korbjitti
  1 half-listening
  1 stealing
  1 her-she
  1 mobs
  1 forgetting
  1 mash
  1 solider
  1 half-formed
  1 agronomist
  1 lettering
  1 indenting
  1 line's
  1 adopted
  1 deliberately
  1 truck's
  1 accede
  1 rust-resistant
  1 place-half
  1 motion-herky-jerky
  1 steadfast
  1 fundamentalists
  1 assembly
  1 estate
  1 hub
  1 chased
  1 presenting
  1 jingle
  1 gatherers-the
  1 coaxing
  1 clasping
  1 haunted
  1 triple-locked
  1 tightening
  1 cautiousness
  1 tally
  1 scotch
  1 whisking
  1 restaurant
  1 smear
  1 amused
  1 consorted
  1 instinctual
  1 repurposed
  1 startlingly
  1 interfaces
  1 problem-gnaws
  1 parched
  1 infinite
  1 texts
  1 36
  1 intrigue
  1 unanswered
  1 suds
  1 companionship
  1 tidies
  1 lemon
  1 convects
  1 licks
  1 printed
  1 pronounces
  1 likelihood
  1 tyrannosaurus
  1 who'd
  1 monstrous
  1 luxuries
  1 pat
  1 area
  1 squid
  1 matsushita's
  1 rangoon
  1 whittled
  1 cook
  1 befits
  1 constricted
  1 assistant-
  1 remainders
  1 modelling
  1 ingenious
  1 still-living
  1 servicing
  1 sport
  1 jakarta
  1 conditioning
  1 gold-sheathed
  1 spice
  1 recycled
  1 barbed
  1 pomelos
  1 explorers
  1 unleashed
  1 mingled
  1 flanges
  1 yawp
  1 creepers
  1 stringy
  1 kanda
  1 greedily
  1 uncouth
  1 war-if
  1 broadcasting
  1 altercation
  1 handshake
  1 guard's
  1 criminality
  1 mats
  1 lane
  1 seawall's
  1 previously
  1 whiskey-no
  1 discomfited
  1 erased
  1 hallucinogenic
  1 worn
  1 19
  1 eject
  1 thirteen-year-old
  1 melodramatic
  1 dismissive
  1 scythe
  1 bean
  1 joking
  1 portrait
  1 cursory
  1 rib
  1 room's
  1 promotions
  1 111
  1 contemptuous
  1 renewal
  1 pets
  1 guaranteed
  1 scatters
  1 swimming
  1 terraced
  1 murmured
  1 theft
  1 31
  1 blowhard
  1 it-
  1 productive
  1 speckles
  1 shockwave
  1 plastics
  1 manufacturer's
  1 how's
  1 pleasing
  1 hood's
  1 stoked
  1 campaigns
  1 biohazard
  1 courtyards
  1 close-packed
  1 crap
  1 overheating
  1 seized
  1 inspiration
  1 adoptive
  1 pensive
  1 phailin
  1 21
  1 transferring
  1 focusing
  1 presented
  1 laap
  1 harbormaster
  1 scope's
  1 ill-luck
  1 neighborhoods
  1 tangling
  1 flyway
  1 powdered
  1 mounds
  1 narrower
  1 bubble
  1 visionary
  1 pressures
  1 abandoning
  1 snuffling
  1 jeer
  1 jut
  1 tended
  1 spiteful
  1 rectify
  1 treats
  1 atonements
  1 announce
  1 obsessive
  1 ranked
  1 grasped
  1 farce
  1 terrifies
  1 demotion
  1 astray
  1 stiff
  1 trickery
  1 pronouncing
  1 rove
  1 27
  1 resurrect
  1 shirts-still
  1 delightful
  1 tuning
  1 night-all
  1 tatami
  1 epilogue
  1 post's
  1 fluids
  1 cramping
  1 optimist
  1 buttocks
  1 12cm
  1 flurry
  1 prodded
  1 intrudes
  1 agony
  1 oars
  1 grandchildren
  1 seng-
  1 spindle's
  1 gurgles
  1 assuage
  1 unassailable
  1 by-a
  1 preferred
  1 taxi's
  1 button
  1 economical
  1 missiles
  1 conforms
  1 molecular
  1 speculated
  1 reflexes
  1 tastes
  1 observations
  1 snake's
  1 deepest
  1 hacking
  1 intestines
  1 zone
  1 wide-bore
  1 velocity
  1 earthquake
  1 unintelligible
  1 chile-laden
  1 payment
  1 self-assurance
  1 aloft
  1 composes
  1 insurgents
  1 savior
  1 weedy
  1 line-item
  1 cobalt
  1 emulate
  1 prachan
  1 buyer
  1 40
  1 transplanted
  1 blossomed
  1 leapfrogging
  1 unchaining
  1 all-wade
  1 gai
  1 x
  1 rust-red
  1 barnacles
  1 rana
  1 canyons
  1 stomachs
  1 europeans
  1 classified
  1 9
  1 weightlessness
  1 crook
  1 vanguard
  1 overseer
  1 yoke
  1 cauldron
  1 supervision
  1 redeem
  1 mulling
  1 unfilled
  1 admonishment
  1 half-naked
  1 reassure
  1 scalds
  1 zero
  1 grates
  1 cowardly
  1 neat
  1 ankle
  1 unmanned
  1 shrines
  1 glazes
  1 chasing
  1 attracted
  1 herself-will
  1 blotting
  1 fancied
  1 re-mold
  1 lore
  1 impotent
  1 in-yo
  1 proceeded
  1 snicker
  1 ecology
  1 camouflage
  1 pirate
  1 platoon
  1 kiew
  1 pelt
  1 repay
  1 two-gigajoule
  1 depress
  1 undercut
  1 topography
  1 bridles
  1 breeding-
  1 reined
  1 regret
  1 flicker-shimmer
  1 stumbled
  1 conceptualized
  1 perceived
  1 ghastly
  1 cleat
  1 laksa
  1 employees'
  1 tracers
  1 compunction
  1 strand
  1 oilskin
  1 moons
  1 baijiu
  1 destabilizing
  1 civilizations
  1 wrestles
  1 salvageable
  1 lithe
  1 steep
  1 skilled
  1 essence
  1 depicts
  1 lighten
  1 spreadsheets
  1 midwestern
  1 snort
  1 spaces
  1 ally
  1 garuda
  1 communication
  1 indulgences
  1 technically
  1 has-
  1 spindles
  1 researchers
  1 grit
  1 rifling
  1 describes
  1 spattered
  1 exploring
  1 alarmed
  1 notices
  1 relentlessly
  1 slaughters
  1 patriotic
  1 reopen
  1 ravages
  1 fire-
  1 seedbank's
  1 fright
  1 wrench
  1 lok
  1 notch
  1 packing
  1 narrates
  1 timed
  1 formative
  1 five-
  1 distract
  1 zodiac
  1 delegating
  1 cloudy
  1 obeying
  1 daylit
  1 escalation
  1 dew
  1 herded
  1 kitchens
  1 fingerprint
  1 man-sized
  1 tempted
  1 phuket
  1 fire's
  1 detour
  1 prognosis
  1 acquiesce
  1 man-
  1 gratefully
  1 insides
  1 protectors
  1 shipments
  1 feud
  1 irrelevant
  1 outlying
  1 harried
  1 repulsed
  1 glimmering
  1 otto's
  1 zipping
  1 positives
  1 gruel
  1 shore's
  1 passenger
  1 greenhouse
  1 sanga
  1 starves
  1 cathartic
  1 pivots
  1 reeling
  1 winking
  1 cleansed
  1 diving
  1 reveals
  1 chaff
  1 windmilling
  1 ducked
  1 phraya's
  1 ebony
  1 horn
  1 crabbed
  1 winter
  1 fatter
  1 elephant-headed
  1 scampers
  1 sneak-
  1 turbofan
  1 fatal
  1 jewel-green
  1 slither
  1 incomplete
  1 blunt-instrument
  1 victim
  1 spaced
  1 folklore
  1 chuan-
  1 sloppy
  1 avoidance
  1 chai
  1 exhilaration
  1 wasteful
  1 poling
  1 recall
  1 all-clear
  1 locals
  1 announcing
  1 barefoot
  1 despairing
  1 parents'
  1 nuzzle
  1 snags
  1 quirked
  1 advanced
  1 weekly
  1 brotherhood
  1 war's
  1 grudge
  1 fabrics
  1 overlap
  1 noah's
  1 myth
  1 matches
  1 d'allessa
  1 blurringly
  1 mortars
  1 minnow
  1 hefting
  1 crosshairs
  1 ma'am
  1 jaw's
  1 eden's
  1 habitable
  1 wholesale
  1 violation
  1 well-travelled
  1 coral
  1 glee
  1 stalker
  1 maze
  1 30-baht
  1 senior
  1 freeing
  1 hacks
  1 compatriots
  1 limping
  1 arts
  1 redolent
  1 calamity
  1 awoke
  1 curing
  1 idealists
  1 renamed
  1 narrowly
  1 sanctioned
  1 analysis
  1 ovals
  1 policing
  1 meaningless
  1 receiver
  1 launches
  1 harness
  1 preternaturally
  1 prik
  1 find-
  1 lecture
  1 sarah
  1 calculating
  1 devise
  1 17
  1 then-
  1 innate
  1 were-
  1 cooperation
  1 tiled
  1 displacement
  1 seduced
  1 handing
  1 sands
  1 meditate
  1 preen
  1 coy
  1 industry
  1 maintaining
  1 tacit
  1 regretting
  1 ministries
  1 skidding
  1 dismissively
  1 holsters
  1 mizumi
  1 viral
  1 bounce
  1 allotment-all
  1 train-but
  1 helplessness
  1 soak
  1 flex
  1 mu
  1 throngs
  1 barren
  1 ride-gan
  1 excrement
  1 disrobed
  1 vietnam-deadly
  1 indians
  1 hapreet
  1 teacup
  1 approved-source
  1 obstacles
  1 limply
  1 society
  1 label
  1 curfew
  1 inflicted
  1 dump
  1 provinces
  1 kink-springs'
  1 token
  1 patrols
  1 knee-jerk
  1 aggressively
  1 boundaries
  1 shorter
  1 withdraws
  1 double-checks
  1 rooting
  1 responded
  1 warred
  1 son's
  1 thieving
  1 positive
  1 wafted
  1 necessarily
  1 interned
  1 wrinkling
  1 metes
  1 hu
  1 variants
  1 apes
  1 blooming
  1 yidian
  1 farmer's
  1 stowed
  1 elevators
  1 confrontation
  1 deportation
  1 rails
  1 collects
  1 elephant
  1 hobbyist
  1 healthy
  1 splicings
  1 mouselike
  1 die-off
  1 cataloging
  1 flyers
  1 unwary
  1 harbors
  1 blue-black
  1 sigh
  1 orbital
  1 subside
  1 noose
  1 freeze
  1 steamed
  1 know-
  1 appalling
  1 bins
  1 holdout
  1 scooped
  1 pursued
  1 thought-
  1 internal
  1 rouses
  1 edifice
  1 glanced
  1 propagating
  1 wrongs
  1 upstretched
  1 bothers
  1 vibrant
  1 neighborhood
  1 cliffs
  1 planted
  1 high-collar
  1 incognito
  1 second-floor
  1 principle
  1 crackled
  1 leafy
  1 sabotaged
  1 visiting
  1 sweat-streaked
  1 effluent
  1 blister-rusted
  1 nobody
  1 i'm-
  1 fleetingly
  1 g
  1 125
  1 fueled
  1 44
  1 scuffling
  1 excruciating
  1 oiled
  1 clinically
  1 populate
  1 questioning
  1 leaked
  1 crowd's
  1 mangle
  1 coddle
  1 fractured
  1 selfishly
  1 hollowed
  1 unsettle
  1 detachment
  1 axes
  1 agape
  1 nestles
  1 sluices
  1 self-consciously
  1 marble-floored
  1 tortoiseshell
  1 blouses
  1 packaged
  1 drooling
  1 drier
  1 glassware
  1 sixth-floor
  1 descent
  1 sooted
  1 banyat's
  1 bedroom
  1 landscapes
  1 headline
  1 giggling
  1 muzzle
  1 headquarters
  1 kindnesses
  1 celebrate
  1 captivity
  1 awnings
  1 gang
  1 mislead
  1 terminates
  1 towards
  1 surfaced
  1 mere
  1 willow
  1 repel
  1 perfunctorily
  1 announcer
  1 peered
  1 establishing
  1 unpleasantly
  1 boat's
  1 divided
  1 mops
  1 brighter
  1 wider
  1 enclaves
  1 screwed
  1 weakness
  1 monolith
  1 flux
  1 clips
  1 post-contraction
  1 extracurricular
  1 tidily
  1 congratulations
  1 food-saves
  1 38
  1 apologizes
  1 richly
  1 calligraphy
  1 howls
  1 additionally
  1 118
  1 year-round
  1 brackish
  1 master's
  1 yee
  1 addiction
  1 shallows
  1 species-and
  1 throng
  1 practiced
  1 precision
  1 good-hearted
  1 sawed
  1 contemplate
  1 possessed
  1 makeup
  1 lain
  1 nopadon
  1 mill
  1 automatic
  1 year-and
  1 idled
  1 feigns
  1 long-tail
  1 perch
  1 cibi-resistant
  1 copper
  1 convection
  1 49
  1 functional
  1 gouts
  1 instinctively
  1 cascades
  1 nothingness
  1 23
  1 rerouted
  1 sympathetic
  1 genuflected
  1 graveyard
  1 aligning
  1 communities
  1 adventurous
  1 pai's
  1 creep
  1 beggars'
  1 holds-a
  1 examination
  1 curling
  1 reestablish
  1 pouch
  1 income
  1 crazed
  1 regard
  1 glisten
  1 kidnapped
  1 balding
  1 entertained
  1 menace
  1 graveyards
  1 strictest
  1 attempted
  1 hunkers
  1 sundry
  1 harnesses
  1 overtakes
  1 viscerally
  1 ones-the
  1 proposing
  1 seep
  1 exploded
  1 kindly
  1 behooves
  1 molting
  1 stern
  1 girlfriend
  1 uprightness
  1 porcine
  1 shipyard
  1 42
  1 formality
  1 glutting
  1 sockets
  1 ruin
  1 vantage
  1 consort
  1 exhaled
  1 filth
  1 receding
  1 overwhelms
  1 three-quarters
  1 ass'
  1 fishery
  1 attends
  1 eminence
  1 bled
  1 subordinates-
  1 spike
  1 sauntered
  1 bacigalupi
  1 chinaman
  1 puddled
  1 accuses
  1 ferocity
  1 fiddling
  1 spiders
  1 fingerhold
  1 twittering
  1 prevent
  1 massage
  1 attempting
  1 agar
  1 well-fed
  1 yeastlike
  1 strung
  1 buildings-giving
  1 conspiratorial
  1 overstory
  1 over-enthusiasm
  1 spackles
  1 receive
  1 manhood
  1 estates
  1 army's
  1 retreating
  1 expend
  1 toy-a
  1 peacocks
  1 missouri
  1 streaking
  1 europe
  1 blindness
  1 swears
  1 airlock
  1 loi
  1 based
  1 panted
  1 ratana's
  1 dialed
  1 boast
  1 brandishing
  1 islands
  1 exonerated
  1 felled
  1 assigned
  1 trouser
  1 connecting
  1 rejection
  1 chambers
  1 giants
  1 architecture
  1 largesse
  1 glimmer
  1 geneticists
  1 self-contented
  1 kingdoms
  1 unnamed
  1 inhabits
  1 monopolies-some
  1 zones
  1 representatives
  1 deposit
  1 28
  1 down-elicits
  1 logically
  1 adoration
  1 wallows
  1 arun
  1 prospectors
  1 politicians
  1 current
  1 breakdown
  1 reanimate
  1 saddle
  1 gunfire
  1 decades
  1 treadles
  1 snowstorm
  1 perceptions
  1 destroying
  1 swaddling
  1 member
  1 unspoken
  1 stockpiles
  1 patch
  1 shrugging
  1 evaluate
  1 swirls
  1 soulless
  1 admiration
  1 convenience
  1 lossless
  1 illumination
  1 banter
  1 handsome
  1 chaopraya-
  1 brushy
  1 bruising
  1 u
  1 interfere
  1 jewelry
  1 ancestral
  1 num's
  1 lotus
  1 pasted
  1 grinding
  1 right-to
  1 forcefully
  1 replant
  1 burlap
  1 cunt
  1 peasant's
  1 spawning
  1 choke
  1 half-populated
  1 wasp
  1 phitsanulok
  1 phuchatkan
  1 immorality
  1 crickets
  1 apparatus
  1 represent
  1 land-locked
  1 skillet
  1 researches
  1 hurl
  1 suburb
  1 probe
  1 achieve
  1 labored
  1 raps
  1 bore-and
  1 edged
  1 disagreement
  1 spurring
  1 intentions
  1 darting
  1 sowing
  1 capacity-weight
  1 graduating
  1 lie-
  1 tawng
  1 cleverness
  1 drapes
  1 blindfolded
  1 silt
  1 revelation
  1 throbbing
  1 disobedience
  1 archipelago's
  1 gold-spiked
  1 penthouse
  1 obediently
  1 said-
  1 cancer-resistant
  1 unbinds
  1 cadet
  1 switched
  1 kamsing
  1 inbuilt
  1 lek
  1 junior
  1 wondrous
  1 lodge
  1 enclose
  1 yowling
  1 steadying
  1 new-variant
  1 commute
  1 fade-one
  1 tenacity
  1 up-those
  1 appeal
  1 conference
  1 mentioned
  1 raking
  1 threading
  1 michael
  1 late-night
  1 canal's
  1 false
  1 outbreaks
  1 tumbler
  1 carriages
  1 aided
  1 newest
  1 appropriately
  1 ligaments
  1 drip
  1 freshwater
  1 congratulating
  1 outburst
  1 bar's
  1 forelegs
  1 languages
  1 hypnotic
  1 texas
  1 quotes
  1 marginally
  1 began
  1 takers
  1 drugged
  1 needles
  1 malaya's
  1 surveillance
  1 hoarse
  1 perversely
  1 negotiations
  1 shoveled
  1 tacks
  1 avoidable
  1 beheaded
  1 conscience
  1 workings
  1 miasma
  1 medium
  1 planet
  1 kissing
  1 elegance
  1 silvery
  1 reverent
  1 bobs
  1 appreciative
  1 greasy
  1 amidst
  1 jailer
  1 70
  1 rave
  1 carroll
  1 cronies
  1 khrap
  1 gain
  1 ungulate
  1 major
  1 dismember
  1 issues
  1 absent
  1 next-generation
  1 showered
  1 designed-just
  1 purse-lipped
  1 restart
  1 nothing-just
  1 fearful
  1 snow
  1 approves
  1 4
  1 thickish
  1 127
  1 kala
  1 robed
  1 wanton
  1 brutalities
  1 writ
  1 rags
  1 dogs'
  1 reduce
  1 prince
  1 insight
  1 smoky
  1 molesting
  1 unbearable
  1 bless
  1 elbows
  1 progressing
  1 oozing
  1 outward
  1 claw
  1 masonry
  1 unbathed
  1 fail-safed
  1 gropes
  1 perpetual
  1 courtesan
  1 tumbles
  1 case-this
  1 preparations
  1 container's
  1 samisen
  1 specimens
  1 lonely
  1 us-
  1 hooded
  1 ostensibly
  1 swaddle
  1 interfering
  1 song-song
  1 thailand
  1 steeling
  1 wails
  1 ravenous
  1 skimmed
  1 rendezvous
  1 opium-if
  1 crisscrossing
  1 vastly
  1 writhes
  1 transcripts
  1 gristle
  1 entrepreneurship
  1 destination
  1 sandalwood
  1 slyly
  1 triumphant
  1 relearning
  1 gull's
  1 rejected
  1 sprayed
  1 reverse
  1 bobbing
  1 antiquities
  1 spoils
  1 untainted
  1 gardens
  1 taxis
  1 quarry
  1 told-
  1 snuffed
  1 foray
  1 cue
  1 maelstrom
  1 dawn's
  1 injured
  1 profiteering-the
  1 marbled
  1 artifact
  1 crazy-
  1 thieves
  1 resulting
  1 astronomical
  1 grandparents
  1 forgiveness
  1 is-then
  1 immersed
  1 onslaughts
  1 pillaged
  1 lamppost
  1 chunks
  1 divider
  1 navigate
  1 awareness
  1 driftwood
  1 horse
  1 apichat
  1 ark
  1 passion
  1 tamping
  1 defend-
  1 differences
  1 monopolizes
  1 ceramic
  1 engender
  1 merging
  1 towns
  1 instinctive
  1 erawan
  1 bikes
  1 immersion
  1 managerial
  1 armrest
  1 chameleons
  1 childish
  1 bullet-eyed
  1 gunner
  1 flicker-flash
  1 proceeds
  1 genome
  1 emulating
  1 reflecting
  1 forgiven
  1 domingo
  1 crafting
  1 unkempt
  1 inhabitants
  1 comprehends
  1 treadmill
  1 squint
  1 prosperities'
  1 catalogues
  1 limber
  1 jumbo
  1 denial
  1 accumulations
  1 clubbed
  1 influences
  1 collecting
  1 maggots
  1 hr
  1 perturbed
  1 pleistocene
  1 alexandria
  1 strategizing
  1 kathorh
  1 her-the
  1 jaiporn
  1 tubs
  1 conflicts
  1 seduce
  1 lighted
  1 a-seafaring
  1 filing
  1 period
  1 stadium's
  1 redoubles
  1 own-that
  1 exotic
  1 sanctity
  1 salutes
  1 monks'
  1 rimed
  1 slunk
  1 whereabouts
  1 have-
  1 predictions
  1 iridescent
  1 predatory
  1 singularly
  1 sticking
  1 righteously
  1 apologetically
  1 phosphor
  1 pimps
  1 approvals
  1 cordoned
  1 barnacle
  1 spun
  1 crackers
  1 agriculture
  1 pinged
  1 cutaway
  1 stature-who
  1 haul
  1 rendering
  1 jacks
  1 tens
  1 fee
  1 heartbeats
  1 him-
  1 squirms
  1 plowing
  1 pitied
  1 pitying
  1 o'clock
  1 upwards
  1 refusal
  1 normalcy
  1 stalling
  1 thinkers
  1 recreational
  1 latrine
  1 businessmen
  1 comprehend
  1 tottering
  1 reverts
  1 sumi-e
  1 trait
  1 sagging
  1 slightest
  1 implements
  1 classes
  1 scooping
  1 dims
  1 excite
  1 coastline
  1 squawking
  1 boulders
  1 phenomenal
  1 pretense
  1 unnecessary
  1 naturals
  1 leveed
  1 prickling
  1 tentacle
  1 runways
  1 ethereal
  1 blinked
  1 assets
  1 ninety-day
  1 fullness
  1 klaxon
  1 stave
  1 splint
  1 slope
  1 cicadas
  1 closest
  1 scouts
  1 fairly
  1 embrace
  1 crewmen
  1 self-confident
  1 swats
  1 eightfold
  1 fork
  1 entices
  1 climbed
  1 emboldened
  1 disguised
  1 mesmerized
  1 diners
  1 expatriates
  1 thep's
  1 blisteringly
  1 aa
  1 clinic
  1 grass
  1 carelessness
  1 chatachuk
  1 brakes
  1 razing
  1 exclaims
  1 rudely
  1 predicted
  1 helping
  1 thinned
  1 artificially
  1 fighting-that
  1 kunikorn
  1 speck
  1 heat-stunned
  1 emotional
  1 dinosaurs
  1 clutch
  1 parasitic
  1 heaps
  1 supervised
  1 hunched
  1 springs'
  1 exits
  1 advice
  1 graves
  1 drained
  1 alley's
  1 excellent
  1 pleaseplease
  1 complexities
  1 arch
  1 enemy's
  1 tentacles
  1 insistently
  1 straighter
  1 projectiles
  1 roaches
  1 basement
  1 debating
  1 sunshine
  1 shakelight's
  1 burlap-hooded
  1 gapes
  1 overhanging
  1 factionalized
  1 slews
  1 torquing
  1 loosens
  1 disembark
  1 tang
  1 her-running
  1 ma
  1 reserve
  1 disobey
  1 smirks
  1 long-shot
  1 ground's
  1 purchasing
  1 zhua
  1 maps
  1 ovaries
  1 wisest
  1 brand
  1 cavernously
  1 greet
  1 poorly
  1 resisting
  1 clicking
  1 stealthily
  1 bike's
  1 enveloping
  1 thanking
  1 anti-bacterial
  1 hanuman
  1 bile
  1 agitated
  1 sooner
  1 recollections
  1 accompanying
  1 massaging
  1 proposition
  1 candy
  1 tiered
  1 regime
  1 bluff
  1 warmed
  1 whiff
  1 encompassing
  1 45
  1 shoe
  1 safely
  1 wealthiest
  1 exposes
  1 lolling
  1 thicken
  1 immobility
  1 fistful
  1 arms-she
  1 canai
  1 tickle
  1 trick
  1 vitality
  1 graced
  1 hammers
  1 misused
  1 speeds
  1 chanarong
  1 battered
  1 hover
  1 puddle
  1 observant
  1 stabilizing
  1 snorting
  1 speeches
  1 braces
  1 powders
  1 styled
  1 ting
  1 continent
  1 balloons
  1 staked
  1 games
  1 cased
  1 cornered
  1 wages
  1 a-
  1 raymond
  1 crutch
  1 buddha's
  1 inflicts
  1 wrecking
  1 opposing
  1 blaring
  1 homage
  1 buckets
  1 nymph
  1 impermeable
  1 feeds
  1 stupidly
  1 yield
  1 apartments
  1 innocence
  1 redemption
  1 sane
  1 harries
  1 buddhism
  1 accounting
  1 chooses
  1 ferns
  1 forethought
  1 diplomatic
  1 yoot
  1 lin
  1 pagodas
  1 23-right
  1 iowa
  1 suit's
  1 butts
  1 outlived
  1 mold-fringed
  1 hack
  1 currently
  1 proteins
  1 unlock
  1 unfinished
  1 flurries
  1 opened
  1 line-worker's
  1 conceived
  1 overrunning
  1 waiver
  1 ineffective
  1 demise
  1 morass
  1 squawk
  1 excitedly
  1 relatively
  1 unnamed-who
  1 acceleration
  1 ire
  1 sidewalk
  1 physically
  1 kritipong's
  1 disgrace
  1 portable
  1 types
  1 opposition
  1 judgments
  1 clenched
  1 puffed
  1 scrabbled
  1 determine
  1 nippon's
  1 straddles
  1 pathetically
  1 red-tiled
  1 untaxed
  1 aspiring
  1 entering
  1 consideration
  1 move-but
  1 sooty
  1 maddeningly
  1 flawed
  1 almond
  1 unscuttled
  1 commission
  1 murmuring
  1 nicotiana
  1 infiltrated
  1 displaced
  1 depart
  1 splintering
  1 enlightened
  1 rewards
  1 executive-some
  1 eyes-only
  1 injection
  1 sing
  1 consolation
  1 stable
  1 cousin
  1 vulnerability
  1 restaurants
  1 thumps
  1 crematory
  1 replacements
  1 aims
  1 mongkut's
  1 overlooked
  1 mechanical
  1 skyline
  1 clockwork
  1 sterility
  1 strangest
  1 discernable
  1 perambulation
  1 lobby
  1 graces
  1 ramparts
  1 tipped
  1 portions
  1 gleefully
  1 postage
  1 gunning
  1 patriarch
  1 goods-as
  1 possess
  1 lens
  1 collapsing
  1 admirals
  1 hyena
  1 6
  1 dispatches
  1 local's
  1 penetrate
  1 worsens
  1 mustered
  1 leaden
  1 turf
  1 slyness
  1 shooing
  1 kratong
  1 deny
  1 africa
  1 stilled
  1 exasperated
  1 lackadaisical
  1 void
  1 backed
  1 skeptical
  1 screw
  1 consult
  1 attachment
  1 shaft
  1 reeled
  1 kip's
  1 radiates
  1 mincing
  1 honesty
  1 club's
  1 participants
  1 indications
  1 pier
  1 trumpet
  1 daintiness
  1 fees
  1 doubter
  1 ripping
  1 encroaching
  1 loves
  1 recognition-as
  1 thudding
  1 years'
  1 shots
  1 wrings
  1 lick
  1 nothing-she
  1 estimated
  1 flood-control
  1 jug
  1 winged
  1 unasked
  1 manipulation
  1 speech
  1 assignment
  1 compact's
  1 blessedly
  1 non-attachment
  1 drily
  1 borne
  1 bush
  1 daughters
  1 screeching
  1 handlebars
  1 operates
  1 punctuates
  1 jingjok
  1 monkeys
  1 air-
  1 coagulant
  1 entangled
  1 fiddles
  1 reasons
  1 requesting
  1 irregular
  1 grandparents'
  1 allots
  1 heel
  1 ribbons
  1 lethal
  1 alienated
  1 knocked
  1 footprints
  1 envelop
  1 fared
  1 average
  1 great-grandchildren
  1 cools
  1 charoen's
  1 fever-bright
  1 si
  1 black-bearded
  1 hovers
  1 grilled
  1 churning
  1 mechanics
  1 expertise
  1 blotches
  1 pricks
  1 grid
  1 robbing
  1 charging
  1 storms
  1 reuse
  1 haloed
  1 deeps
  1 irritating-perhaps
  1 newfound
  1 anew
  1 moral
  1 reproduce
  1 miniature
  1 shocking
  1 vandal
  1 recall-
  1 alike
  1 invasions
  1 doubtful
  1 detectors
  1 disdain
  1 refugees-a
  1 paced
  1 bandaged
  1 oversight
  1 trash-
  1 livid
  1 worming
  1 vocabulary
  1 ratio
  1 reassured
  1 untethers
  1 hints
  1 appetite
  1 brood
  1 resentful
  1 pavement
  1 quirk
  1 artificial
  1 cloying
  1 stow
  1 signpost
  1 removing
  1 absorption
  1 steam
  1 cheaply
  1 immeasurably
  1 massacres
  1 interference
  1 advising
  1 encounters
  1 connected
  1 putrescence
  1 hook
  1 roast
  1 foreigners'
  1 civil
  1 backwards
  1 cars
  1 due
  1 collected
  1 plying
  1 pasting
  1 cycle-rickshaw-but
  1 snare
  1 frames
  1 scoffs
  1 haunting
  1 hanger
  1 kink
  1 latches
  1 motorbands
  1 unrelated
  1 reflect
  1 uncle's
  1 trickle
  1 squashed
  1 bootfalls
  1 adds
  1 treading
  1 whored
  1 knowing-
  1 fascinated
  1 revival
  1 politeness
  1 undue
  1 sarcasm
  1 evolution
  1 infiltrators
  1 time-sensitive
  1 transition
  1 ruptured
  1 gray-market
  1 egotist
  1 clay
  1 slowing
  1 vaguely
  1 nighttime
  1 will-
  1 numbered
  1 bankrupt
  1 tramping
  1 stammering
  1 aged
  1 excellency
  1 coward
  1 inexplicably
  1 rank-it's
  1 netting
  1 thing-is
  1 agreements
  1 trilobites
  1 territory
  1 decoration
  1 onlookers
  1 fumbling
  1 immobile
  1 toxin
  1 cross-reference
  1 condemnations
  1 anemone
  1 arrested
  1 khao
  1 seubs
  1 7500
  1 sky-rocketing
  1 inciting
  1 meticulous
  1 recalls
  1 flipping
  1 thunders
  1 influenced
  1 attendants
  1 encik
  1 inducted
  1 operating
  1 madman
  1 lofts
  1 extract
  1 kapiphon
  1 continuing
  1 dramatic
  1 rowboat
  1 flavor-after
  1 assaults
  1 banana-leaf
  1 likely-for
  1 rounds
  1 workstations
  1 high-intensity
  1 reassurance
  1 infringing
  1 nooks
  1 pyramid
  1 sinned
  1 storefront
  1 trade-off
  1 crate's
  1 tracer
  1 mt7
  1 gambler
  1 shores-that
  1 eleven
  1 pulpits
  1 pyre
  1 katchanaburi
  1 infringement
  1 osaka
  1 illness
  1 rehabilitated
  1 dangan
  1 tighten
  1 pin
  1 accelerating
  1 kilowatts
  1 reactions
  1 critical
  1 darkly
  1 buffaloes
  1 shifty
  1 slump
  1 qualifications
  1 embassy
  1 humorous
  1 admitted
  1 clinics
  1 everyone's
  1 incoherently
  1 subordinates
  1 inability
  1 compare
  1 not-cannot-understand
  1 bleach
  1 bitten
  1 mishimoto-designed
  1 properties
  1 babbling
  1 privileges
  1 exerted
  1 bloated
  1 definitive
  1 skulks
  1 lifeblood
  1 colleague
  1 splinted
  1 concluded
  1 obtain
  1 gritty
  1 bustling
  1 proceeding
  1 jellyfish
  1 being's
  1 fatalism
  1 smartest
  1 zazen
  1 parted
  1 billow
  1 seeping
  1 unblinking
  1 stony
  1 pills
  1 fodder
  1 filigreed
  1 hassling
  1 haven
  1 meetings
  1 pulped
  1 bemused
  1 quests
  1 legal
  1 someday
  1 brazenly
  1 cognacs
  1 reengineering
  1 attended
  1 decade
  1 evolutionary
  1 superstitions
  1 supplemented
  1 bumping
  1 bull
  1 gate's
  1 fleas
  1 extermination
  1 algorithmic
  1 troubled
  1 gaping
  1 seamstresses
  1 fetchingly
  1 singular
  1 grill
  1 megaphones
  1 thrilling
  1 gregg
  1 pacific
  1 pallets
  1 cocktail
  1 complicated
  1 princess
  1 guidelines
  1 siew
  1 cleanliness
  1 daytime
  1 absorbed
  1 midriff-baring
  1 other's
  1 damply
  1 droning
  1 stopping
  1 equals
  1 muddy
  1 orphans
  1 slicing
  1 calculations
  1 humiliates
  1 originally
  1 ornamentation
  1 reminders
  1 spears
  1 footprint
  1 mizumi's
  1 sneak
  1 ploi
  1 tickets
  1 housed
  1 hypocrite
  1 worm
  1 ve
  1 acquiescing
  1 tian
  1 planting
  1 waivers
  1 bhirom-bhakdi
  1 roasting
  1 jingling
  1 stark
  1 maleness
  1 straw
  1 revenue
  1 cibiscosis-resistant
  1 scrupulously
  1 melting
  1 look-suttipong
  1 faked
  1 terminal
  1 lalji
  1 optimally
  1 waistlines
  1 general'
  1 niche-
  1 trafficking
  1 reddens
  1 washdown
  1 prototyping
  1 slated
  1 stealth
  1 fete
  1 redouble
  1 magically
  1 regulation
  1 balloon
  1 ginger
  1 skipped
  1 considerations
  1 mumbai
  1 inauspicious
  1 manipulating
  1 enigma
  1 damning
  1 centuries
  1 capacity
  1 neglected
  1 gained
  1 gazing
  1 booster
  1 wilt
  1 marched
  1 bacterial
  1 frolicking
  1 wagon
  1 chimes
  1 taxed
  1 trainer
  1 clogs
  1 excellence
  1 association
  1 targets
  1 hesitating
  1 cascade
  1 self-cleanse
  1 catalogs
  1 purview
  1 blossoming
  1 bigger
  1 solicitous
  1 gripped
  1 sufferance
  1 sunk
  1 throb
  1 figs
  1 dildo
  1 sharper
  1 pictured
  1 palpable
  1 shanties
  1 amalgamations
  1 repatriated
  1 homelands
  1 unaged
  1 view-the
  1 infest
  1 client
  1 poetic
  1 wastelands
  1 theoretical
  1 overstretched
  1 ravaita
  1 handgun's
  1 interning
  1 inclination
  1 lessened
  1 occasions
  1 unequipped
  1 elegant
  1 manipulated
  1 dove
  1 credits
  1 volunteers
  1 licensing
  1 school
  1 mercurial
  1 fattened
  1 kom
  1 audacity
  1 well-suited
  1 stumpy
  1 sleeves
  1 capabilities
  1 stepped
  1 shares-along
  1 alterations
  1 trumpets
  1 hails
  1 translated
  1 disbursing
  1 replaceable
  1 flooring
  1 carcasses
  1 despise
  1 tracking
  1 pines
  1 kot
  1 forefront
  1 commanding
  1 lingering
  1 compassionately
  1 stroke
  1 accumulation
  1 green-haired
  1 unburned
  1 assimilate
  1 h7v9
  1 headed
  1 thuggish
  1 assertions
  1 isolation
  1 imbued
  1 relaxed
  1 bathed
  1 prettily
  1 plucks
  1 bursting
  1 rust-tainted
  1 irritably
  1 passionate
  1 unmoored
  1 slitted
  1 mocks
  1 stalked
  1 portray
  1 competed
  1 obeisances
  1 fingering
  1 confirmations
  1 chase
  1 compass
  1 commitment
  1 perfected
  1 awhile
  1 twelve-year-old
  1 reign
  1 24
  1 astonishment
  1 genehacks
  1 incursions
  1 47
  1 second-story
  1 cavernous
  1 sawatdi
  1 jelly
  1 scowled
  1 shadowy
  1 laotian
  1 chuan
  1 strokes
  1 clung
  1 itself-even
  1 appointed
  1 sunset
  1 organisms
  1 topped
  1 withering
  1 fanatic
  1 excels
  1 five-by's
  1 neural
  1 spines
  1 raucous
  1 malee
  1 saliva
  1 yai
  1 acting
  1 in-built
  1 liar
  1 affair
  1 shepherded
  1 tread
  1 hunter
  1 wallow
  1 blockades
  1 belatedly
  1 songs
  1 needs-is
  1 utmost
  1 safeties
  1 ix
  1 firmly
  1 paddy
  1 village's
  1 announcement
  1 converting
  1 unloaded
  1 hubris
  1 restrains
  1 snore
  1 retake
  1 courtesy
  1 manipulations
  1 reactant
  1 farmers'
  1 foolishness
  1 naming
  1 revolutionary
  1 room-temperature
  1 terror-stricken
  1 manifest
  1 peppered
  1 retort
  1 contribution
  1 while-and
  1 contemplates
  1 invading
  1 docked
  1 encryptions
  1 half-floating
  1 massive-it
  1 gold-haired
  1 engraves
  1 residence
  1 fearing
  1 akah
  1 unpattern
  1 binding
  1 gloating
  1 buddha-hood
  1 fur
  1 effrontery
  1 improvements
  1 gorging
  1 trouble-shooo
  1 informed
  1 dwellers
  1 urns
  1 attentive
  1 sprouts
  1 services
  1 plotting
  1 tags
  1 scripted
  1 knottiest
  1 puffer
  1 missionaries
  1 adaptable
  1 courses
  1 blankly
  1 loudest
  1 flair
  1 convoys
  1 official's
  1 prawns
  1 transporting
  1 revive
  1 chopping
  1 bandit

699.

Yellow Card Man - Paolo Bacigalupi : z non-fiction - z concordance - 3.0 

Yellow Card Man

  746 the
  476 and
  407 he
  344 his
  335 a
  287 to
  281 of
  175 s
  174 tranh
  158 in
  154 it
  139 is
  120 as
  119 with
  115 you
  115 that
  109 for
  99 him
  98 ma
  87 but
  84 t
  83 on
  82 i
  77 their
  77 they
  70 at
  70 from
  64 are
  63 all
  61 them
  57 have
  56 like
  55 down
  55 one
  54 not
  52 man
  52 has
  51 can
  51 himself
  50 no
  48 if
  46 up
  44 into
  43 so
  42 white
  41 be
  41 now
  40 men
  40 out
  38 more
  38 then
  38 who
  36 when
  36 again
  35 will
  34 there
  34 she
  33 yellow
  33 her
  32 back
  30 an
  30 was
  29 past
  29 still
  29 around
  28 even
  28 away
  28 this
  28 hu
  27 shirts
  26 time
  26 head
  25 your
  25 by
  25 before
  24 good
  24 or
  24 we
  24 too
  24 nothing
  24 old
  24 whiskey
  24 hand
  23 through
  23 street
  23 would
  23 than
  22 how
  22 face
  22 night
  21 luck
  21 should
  21 against
  21 over
  21 eyes
  20 own
  20 just
  19 off
  19 me
  19 were
  19 its
  19 another
  19 three
  18 my
  18 dung
  18 farang
  18 what
  18 card
  18 new
  18 last
  18 clothes
  18 other
  18 windup
  18 wagon
  18 once
  17 devil
  17 potato
  17 us
  17 rickshaw
  17 look
  17 line
  16 behind
  16 where
  16 black
  16 hands
  16 had
  15 job
  15 bottle
  15 girl
  15 re
  15 many
  15 our
  15 don
  15 shakes
  15 been
  14 late
  14 make
  14 some
  14 forces
  14 see
  14 could
  14 get
  14 way
  14 takes
  14 women
  14 blister
  13 only
  13 cats
  13 come
  13 makes
  13 waves
  13 methane
  13 every
  13 about
  13 here
  13 do
  13 finally
  13 rust
  13 much
  13 runs
  13 trying
  13 work
  13 baht
  12 lord
  12 m
  12 sack
  12 perhaps
  12 food
  12 body
  12 enough
  12 people
  12 after
  12 lucky
  12 leg
  12 suit
  11 hot
  11 grins
  11 money
  11 did
  11 megodont
  11 chinese
  11 doesn
  11 cards
  11 close
  11 blood
  11 lao
  11 gold
  11 times
  11 matter
  11 green
  11 god
  11 well
  11 far
  11 teeth
  11 think
  11 red
  11 darkness
  11 take
  11 shirt
  11 first
  10 gray
  10 those
  10 under
  10 ahead
  10 glass
  10 tries
  10 clipper
  10 mouth
  10 xia
  10 must
  10 hwang
  10 prosperities
  10 tiger
  10 fat
  10 great
  10 shrugs
  10 know
  10 such
  10 words
  10 river
  10 young
  10 laughs
  10 bangkok
  10 looks
  9 go
  9 shadows
  9 walk
  9 city
  9 knee
  9 ministry
  9 comes
  9 bag
  9 ping
  9 ago
  9 long
  9 find
  9 wrist
  9 thought
  9 says
  9 ground
  9 didn
  9 cannot
  9 turn
  9 air
  9 despite
  9 fine
  9 brothers
  9 become
  9 rest
  9 ve
  9 across
  9 turns
  8 foreign
  8 right
  8 fast
  8 any
  8 seen
  8 mr
  8 catches
  8 broken
  8 glances
  8 help
  8 upright
  8 flesh
  8 high-rise
  8 water
  8 sweat
  8 sons
  8 while
  8 these
  8 keep
  8 better
  8 hungry
  8 never
  8 gasps
  8 wonders
  8 stands
  8 calls
  8 hard
  8 starts
  8 made
  8 few
  8 watch
  8 fingers
  8 cycle
  8 isn
  8 heat
  8 malacca
  8 might
  8 light
  8 durian
  8 bright
  8 others
  8 though
  8 step
  7 bad
  7 watching
  7 bamboo
  7 wondering
  7 mind
  7 lie
  7 pockets
  7 kingdom
  7 rice
  7 dead
  7 fall
  7 pulls
  7 pours
  7 nearly
  7 fish
  7 little
  7 drags
  7 voice
  7 warehouse
  7 fate
  7 why
  7 got
  7 suttipong
  7 safe
  7 stand
  7 feel
  7 noodles
  7 rich
  7 cigarette
  7 grimaces
  7 five
  7 raises
  7 burn
  7 stupid
  7 high
  6 breath
  6 already
  6 jade
  6 shoves
  6 wristwatch
  6 woman
  6 calories
  6 big
  6 number
  6 megodonts
  6 watches
  6 sacks
  6 place
  6 below
  6 drink
  6 ships
  6 life
  6 stumbles
  6 seems
  6 thousand
  6 won
  6 yes
  6 small
  6 going
  6 really
  6 ll
  6 streets
  6 bodies
  6 say
  6 ten
  6 themselves
  6 inside
  6 course
  6 fear
  6 catch
  6 li
  6 smiles
  6 keeps
  6 thinks
  6 malaya
  6 reaches
  6 open
  6 moment
  6 maybe
  6 legs
  6 two
  6 wouldn
  6 weight
  6 full
  6 bicycle
  6 hemp
  6 yet
  6 day
  6 empty
  6 name
  5 wait
  5 both
  5 clan
  5 batons
  5 expansion
  5 without
  5 pushes
  5 smoke
  5 steal
  5 bone
  5 forward
  5 sometimes
  5 toward
  5 alley
  5 alleys
  5 devils
  5 give
  5 pay
  5 scent
  5 market
  5 top
  5 waiting
  5 control
  5 environment
  5 care
  5 headbands
  5 oil
  5 aside
  5 creature
  5 shadow
  5 children
  5 alive
  5 wants
  5 because
  5 shoulder
  5 true
  5 accept
  5 works
  5 everyone
  5 return
  5 table
  5 stairwells
  5 die
  5 entire
  5 lips
  5 motion
  5 scavenging
  5 opportunity
  5 company
  5 rickshaws
  5 stacked
  5 drunken
  5 peers
  5 belly
  5 whisper
  5 anyway
  5 moves
  5 calling
  5 truly
  5 run
  5 home
  5 lazy
  5 sidewalk
  5 each
  5 chiu
  5 skin
  5 tower
  5 u-tex
  5 chow
  5 knees
  5 shaking
  5 seem
  4 gone
  4 show
  4 knowledge
  4 set
  4 sight
  4 wet
  4 something
  4 tests
  4 four
  4 hoping
  4 left
  4 knows
  4 durians
  4 least
  4 crowd
  4 liquor
  4 barely
  4 bells
  4 except
  4 wanted
  4 lamps
  4 holds
  4 creatures
  4 wipes
  4 papers
  4 shipping
  4 join
  4 clerk
  4 son
  4 turned
  4 curse
  4 drops
  4 guts
  4 keeping
  4 scavenge
  4 heads
  4 everything
  4 ears
  4 buy
  4 energy
  4 shen
  4 frame
  4 bones
  4 shove
  4 straightens
  4 half
  4 bars
  4 cibiscosis
  4 passes
  4 rain
  4 hunters
  4 clerks
  4 waste
  4 factory
  4 incident
  4 spring
  4 wife
  4 shouts
  4 press
  4 called
  4 plagues
  4 opens
  4 real
  4 concrete
  4 afford
  4 climb
  4 bloody
  4 alone
  4 soon
  4 reach
  4 came
  4 someone
  4 foreigners
  4 start
  4 offers
  4 flicker
  4 wall
  4 kicks
  4 ladder
  4 next
  4 eat
  4 shouting
  4 follows
  4 world
  4 bony
  4 easy
  4 rise
  4 lowers
  4 cobbles
  4 crouches
  4 suddenly
  4 above
  4 things
  4 fighting
  4 pork
  4 known
  4 need
  4 laugh
  4 haul
  4 factories
  4 lip
  4 amongst
  4 pauses
  4 please
  4 japanese
  4 thai
  4 motions
  4 stops
  4 sell
  4 smile
  4 collapses
  4 daughters
  4 clever
  4 between
  4 always
  4 staring
  4 woks
  4 falls
  4 fired
  4 pump
  4 short
  4 looking
  3 engineered
  3 share
  3 death
  3 recover
  3 sweating
  3 fresh
  3 gather
  3 begging
  3 ghost
  3 arms
  3 trading
  3 stained
  3 frowns
  3 religion
  3 squats
  3 doorway
  3 meat
  3 hair
  3 studies
  3 surprised
  3 gate
  3 running
  3 months
  3 ocean
  3 pride
  3 coasts
  3 living
  3 follow
  3 arrogant
  3 d
  3 pretty
  3 wide
  3 awful
  3 fa
  3 malay
  3 heard
  3 tobacco
  3 fails
  3 brush
  3 slips
  3 sharks
  3 laughing
  3 blows
  3 scraps
  3 shattered
  3 genetic
  3 sharp
  3 stood
  3 dragging
  3 niche
  3 windows
  3 walls
  3 remember
  3 sound
  3 cut
  3 pain
  3 amber
  3 phone
  3 apart
  3 throat
  3 lank
  3 hunger
  3 learned
  3 dancing
  3 knew
  3 mekong
  3 taught
  3 limps
  3 center
  3 itself
  3 talk
  3 easily
  3 beast
  3 weak
  3 feet
  3 ignore
  3 beside
  3 arm
  3 family
  3 bucket
  3 silver
  3 lifts
  3 slip
  3 mass
  3 nods
  3 crows
  3 bait
  3 starving
  3 nail
  3 getting
  3 laughter
  3 puts
  3 cursing
  3 said
  3 karma
  3 stares
  3 fleets
  3 year
  3 wind
  3 refugees
  3 hunting
  3 breed
  3 fumbles
  3 glints
  3 within
  3 tongue
  3 pedals
  3 myself
  3 pale
  3 friend
  3 wasted
  3 survival
  3 used
  3 thoroughfare
  3 moving
  3 unnatural
  3 uniforms
  3 slams
  3 pull
  3 low
  3 invasive
  3 discarded
  3 tells
  3 limbs
  3 chance
  3 thing
  3 lets
  3 doorways
  3 leavings
  3 precious
  3 purcal
  3 spend
  3 country
  3 considering
  3 shut
  3 abruptly
  3 mash
  3 grateful
  3 want
  3 machetes
  3 fang
  3 sea
  3 pi
  3 silent
  3 sitting
  3 kept
  3 crabs
  3 goes
  3 notice
  3 ducks
  3 countrymen
  3 breathing
  3 chest
  3 hooks
  3 anyone
  3 antique
  3 rolex
  3 sweet
  3 stop
  3 fatter
  3 doctor
  3 lifetime
  3 strong
  3 clubs
  3 paper
  3 cat
  3 tomorrow
  3 curfew
  3 patrols
  3 sweltering
  3 scowls
  3 fade
  3 early
  3 road
  3 mishimoto
  3 flickering
  3 slowly
  3 standing
  3 potatoes
  3 hauls
  3 treadles
  3 closed
  3 rises
  3 returned
  3 search
  3 cracked
  3 lights
  3 bit
  3 melon
  3 slides
  3 coats
  3 told
  3 spring-wound
  3 hell
  3 searches
  3 does
  3 working
  3 leans
  3 balancing
  3 hours
  3 deeper
  3 rising
  3 dog
  3 splash
  3 gan
  3 morning
  3 spills
  3 blue
  3 saved
  3 animal
  3 cheap
  3 protective
  3 thick
  3 spine
  3 bicycles
  3 force
  3 history
  3 swing
  3 border
  3 rolls
  3 wealth
  3 tonight
  3 very
  3 feels
  3 sun
  3 guns
  3 loose
  3 sent
  3 boss
  3 catching
  3 urge
  3 piles
  3 am
  3 faces
  3 ever
  3 tiny
  3 mother
  3 dust
  3 longer
  3 quickly
  3 spits
  3 coriander
  3 fringe
  3 found
  3 instead
  3 remembers
  3 swallow
  3 impossible
  3 sandals
  3 ego
  3 tell
  3 baton
  3 spending
  3 completely
  3 paid
  3 door
  3 shop
  3 pair
  2 reminder
  2 learns
  2 cool
  2 dodging
  2 lies
  2 owned
  2 stair
  2 knots
  2 widen
  2 final
  2 danger
  2 gleam
  2 owner
  2 clippers
  2 brow
  2 prodding
  2 gentleman
  2 flashing
  2 tropic
  2 mei
  2 pulling
  2 age
  2 foot
  2 gets
  2 refugee
  2 fire
  2 half-eaten
  2 shark
  2 clawing
  2 bare
  2 throw
  2 picked
  2 illusions
  2 rotting
  2 shit
  2 inches
  2 union
  2 towers
  2 appeals
  2 wristwatches
  2 flit
  2 growing
  2 jerks
  2 kind
  2 cringes
  2 sure
  2 climbs
  2 palms
  2 cross
  2 part
  2 penang
  2 fact
  2 sweep
  2 drag
  2 state
  2 slime
  2 elbow
  2 loads
  2 dui
  2 chopsticks
  2 tall
  2 skull
  2 jute
  2 almost
  2 finding
  2 tip
  2 music
  2 habit
  2 carefully
  2 draws
  2 strings
  2 drinks
  2 shift
  2 banana
  2 cycle-rickshaw
  2 warehouses
  2 overqualified
  2 worse
  2 followed
  2 sharply
  2 palawan
  2 smashes
  2 twist
  2 may
  2 different
  2 ah
  2 casual
  2 maw
  2 king
  2 grunt
  2 animals
  2 also
  2 scrape
  2 scents
  2 stranger
  2 mess
  2 elephantine
  2 cash
  2 finishes
  2 human
  2 slows
  2 concubines
  2 desperate
  2 until
  2 wicked
  2 diamonds
  2 heading
  2 feral
  2 chops
  2 manages
  2 wanders
  2 wobbly
  2 materials
  2 board
  2 thank
  2 picking
  2 offerings
  2 eye
  2 despair
  2 wei
  2 liquid
  2 tea
  2 harvest
  2 carts
  2 monsters
  2 sz
  2 power
  2 flick
  2 peacock
  2 hate
  2 call
  2 herky-jerky
  2 whatever
  2 pounded
  2 language
  2 snake
  2 clean
  2 interior
  2 tear
  2 newly
  2 rubber
  2 dynamics
  2 permits
  2 slow
  2 survive
  2 together
  2 formed
  2 shins
  2 anonymity
  2 linen
  2 grin
  2 foolish
  2 seat
  2 movement
  2 large
  2 burned
  2 generations
  2 pleased
  2 paranoia
  2 heart
  2 chew
  2 stories
  2 strut
  2 double
  2 decision
  2 gagging
  2 wenti
  2 shouldn
  2 warning
  2 kills
  2 vertical
  2 nice
  2 mandarin
  2 traffic
  2 teak
  2 sukhumvit
  2 fifteen
  2 scratches
  2 superstitious
  2 springlife
  2 same
  2 labor
  2 larger
  2 eaten
  2 rumor
  2 speaks
  2 offer
  2 kill
  2 squat
  2 looked
  2 stroll
  2 snakeheads
  2 green-tinged
  2 sets
  2 lost
  2 glimmers
  2 bio-engineered
  2 stalls
  2 species
  2 wear
  2 smaller
  2 done
  2 idea
  2 throwing
  2 steps
  2 swinging
  2 hits
  2 sign
  2 floating
  2 travels
  2 shuffle
  2 dozen
  2 mold
  2 gweilo
  2 bends
  2 glance
  2 leave
  2 size
  2 complain
  2 invisible
  2 side
  2 designs
  2 balance
  2 bloodthirsty
  2 loses
  2 mouse
  2 stomach
  2 along
  2 listen
  2 bought
  2 starve
  2 jacket
  2 skids
  2 trousers
  2 scuttles
  2 mango
  2 fluid
  2 crop
  2 muck
  2 win
  2 finish
  2 slings
  2 drunk
  2 anymore
  2 eee
  2 vigorously
  2 tightly
  2 holding
  2 happy
  2 kink-spring
  2 boils
  2 sleep
  2 panicked
  2 ache
  2 surviving
  2 doing
  2 candles
  2 boy
  2 stuff
  2 downward
  2 smell
  2 save
  2 appear
  2 gas
  2 malay-chinese
  2 natural
  2 opportunities
  2 rolled
  2 blame
  2 jokes
  2 frantically
  2 near
  2 contraction
  2 strands
  2 dark
  2 seized
  2 quick
  2 ripped
  2 ancestors
  2 beyond
  2 unwilling
  2 alcohol
  2 possible
  2 later
  2 iron
  2 split
  2 sighs
  2 gutters
  2 111mt
  2 neck
  2 stall
  2 composters
  2 scream
  2 protect
  2 peels
  2 onto
  2 suspiciously
  2 notices
  2 packing
  2 chains
  2 floors
  2 beat
  2 hundreds
  2 lackeys
  2 stamp
  2 shapes
  2 plates
  2 gates
  2 means
  2 garbage
  2 screaming
  2 waits
  2 making
  2 fabrics
  2 flat
  2 tamarind
  2 casually
  2 dart
  2 shimmering
  2 ragged
  2 joining
  2 hiding
  2 dump
  2 begin
  2 profit
  2 escape
  2 singapore
  2 studying
  2 boys
  2 sways
  2 office
  2 none
  2 humiliation
  2 trade
  2 gaze
  2 hint
  2 farewells
  2 swelter
  2 diamond
  2 tigers
  2 opium
  2 ruin
  2 blackened
  2 fallen
  2 logo
  2 coming
  2 foreseen
  2 scooters
  2 ancient
  2 tilts
  2 angry
  2 burlap
  2 gene-ripped
  2 heaves
  2 windups
  2 wagons
  2 clothing
  2 corpse
  2 sellers
  2 star
  2 fool
  2 stick
  2 gift
  2 burns
  2 forget
  2 slack
  2 swig
  2 blossom
  2 worked
  2 naked
  2 front
  2 police
  2 pillaged
  2 shout
  2 outside
  2 yanks
  2 difficult
  2 interloper
  2 crawls
  2 timid
  2 portion
  2 tottering
  2 purses
  2 beg
  2 forms
  2 pai
  2 furtive
  2 sooner
  2 attract
  2 multi-national
  2 machete
  2 embarrassed
  2 scatter
  2 ringing
  2 treadle
  2 east
  2 sucks
  2 recognizing
  2 arrives
  2 thongchai
  2 awake
  2 clutching
  2 wishes
  2 whose
  2 started
  2 wat
  2 love
  2 ways
  2 grave
  2 wish
  2 attention
  2 gloat
  2 panic
  2 testing
  2 stifles
  2 unions
  2 bursts
  2 twirl
  2 problem
  2 avoid
  2 warm
  2 strip
  2 hints
  2 deeply
  2 settles
  2 mothers
  2 feed
  2 tri-clipper
  2 scuttled
  2 scavenged
  2 public
  2 ladders
  2 hole
  2 since
  2 advantage
  2 creak
  2 hears
  2 bloated
  2 stream
  2 skills
  2 coolie
  2 corner
  2 beaming
  2 glitter
  2 flee
  2 fruit
  2 darkened
  2 useless
  2 scrambling
  2 finds
  2 change
  2 gums
  2 spill
  2 squeezes
  2 avoiding
  2 struggling
  2 lungs
  2 cascade
  2 ask
  2 skinny
  2 clear
  2 knives
  2 books
  2 realizes
  2 stroke
  2 floor
  2 heavy
  2 massive
  2 saliva
  2 sleeping
  2 learn
  2 gleaming
  2 shutters
  2 nephew
  2 kisses
  2 brown
  2 touching
  2 live
  2 workers
  1 clenches
  1 proven
  1 dwelling
  1 distinguished
  1 taken
  1 load
  1 survivors
  1 haste
  1 surawong
  1 portal
  1 feline
  1 smells
  1 surges
  1 felines
  1 fair
  1 surfaces
  1 crowding
  1 8
  1 shoveling
  1 ran
  1 refill
  1 protection
  1 fuckers
  1 sink
  1 hear
  1 hops
  1 casts
  1 lack
  1 damps
  1 wash
  1 strutting
  1 cooked
  1 nutrient
  1 rusted
  1 wears
  1 explode
  1 differently
  1 mangos
  1 exhale
  1 cares
  1 thai-chinese
  1 heavily
  1 reminds
  1 dawns
  1 heft
  1 pile
  1 envy
  1 dragons
  1 sees
  1 hunts
  1 deal
  1 thoroughfares
  1 gangster
  1 seductive
  1 milk
  1 sweaty
  1 steamers
  1 ballast
  1 seconds
  1 teach
  1 tooth
  1 shovels
  1 baozi
  1 disgusting
  1 dragged
  1 protected
  1 stamps
  1 banking
  1 perfect
  1 sailor
  1 relief
  1 flares
  1 pinch
  1 waifish
  1 hindu
  1 swallowing
  1 adapt
  1 avenging
  1 burrows
  1 toasts
  1 dish
  1 tree
  1 third
  1 dismay
  1 splintered
  1 ashes
  1 rubber-wheeled
  1 beams
  1 retorts
  1 belong
  1 tailored
  1 enter
  1 teeters
  1 waterfall
  1 earrings
  1 fried
  1 infested
  1 monks
  1 caresses
  1 chime
  1 groan
  1 wading
  1 tail
  1 charts
  1 heirs
  1 fix
  1 sick
  1 seedstock
  1 renewals
  1 tittering
  1 fills
  1 attend
  1 cartwheel
  1 yowls
  1 shoveler
  1 seller
  1 blast
  1 replying
  1 striding
  1 risen
  1 glint
  1 jobs
  1 patrons
  1 droops
  1 humid
  1 handbills
  1 umbrellas
  1 trapped
  1 coffee
  1 possessions
  1 act
  1 stolen
  1 shelter
  1 wheels
  1 marketplace
  1 regather
  1 damaged
  1 clutched
  1 spilled
  1 imported
  1 identified
  1 warming
  1 shows
  1 succeed
  1 friction
  1 cigarettes
  1 guizi
  1 shopping
  1 purchase
  1 bio-engineers
  1 complaining
  1 refused
  1 shies
  1 betrays
  1 unlucky
  1 bali
  1 destroyed
  1 rattle
  1 squandered
  1 understand
  1 ravana
  1 pisses
  1 cacophony
  1 gave
  1 snoring
  1 peck
  1 lemongrass
  1 move
  1 mouths
  1 earlier
  1 buys
  1 shovelers
  1 enormous
  1 brother
  1 hasn
  1 incapacity
  1 decrepit
  1 urine
  1 molt
  1 slumps
  1 end
  1 sending
  1 fumble
  1 beautiful
  1 strips
  1 disperse
  1 upending
  1 gutter
  1 appointment
  1 strength
  1 tibia
  1 image
  1 order
  1 bravado
  1 sorry
  1 vinous
  1 supple
  1 blossoms
  1 savings
  1 victims
  1 child
  1 lurk
  1 whole
  1 intelligence
  1 lifetimes
  1 jersey
  1 send
  1 palm-lined
  1 scuttle
  1 finger
  1 illegal
  1 drawing
  1 inspector
  1 snuff
  1 lying
  1 flushes
  1 timepiece
  1 explodes
  1 demanded
  1 begins
  1 special
  1 voices
  1 sweated
  1 elder
  1 sits
  1 choking
  1 eight
  1 madness
  1 epidemic
  1 awash
  1 welcome
  1 fortuitous
  1 velvet
  1 stools
  1 wretched
  1 rubbery
  1 patterns
  1 bloodied
  1 kink-springs
  1 tops
  1 threads
  1 groans
  1 shoppers
  1 applicants
  1 mountains
  1 bargain
  1 qualified
  1 employees
  1 ugly
  1 silently
  1 miraculously
  1 shocked
  1 jungles
  1 begged
  1 ill
  1 rim
  1 swollen
  1 disheveled
  1 firing
  1 explosion
  1 crackle
  1 clings
  1 meet
  1 burdens
  1 tennyson
  1 sidewalks
  1 farmer
  1 roll
  1 restored
  1 swim
  1 converse
  1 deliberate
  1 pinkie
  1 joke
  1 farmers
  1 rider
  1 feeble
  1 drool
  1 hauling
  1 died
  1 invitation
  1 everywhere
  1 leather
  1 nimade
  1 worry
  1 passing
  1 slept
  1 reverses
  1 bribes
  1 leaving
  1 rat
  1 individuals
  1 summon
  1 legends
  1 handed
  1 thrashing
  1 respect
  1 loom
  1 plays
  1 bury
  1 souls
  1 wives
  1 coconut
  1 discard
  1 selling
  1 variation
  1 flywheel
  1 squatting
  1 reaps
  1 scattering
  1 drenches
  1 commuters
  1 buttons
  1 proximity
  1 impeccable
  1 decorate
  1 sleek
  1 import
  1 saves
  1 carpet
  1 break
  1 lowering
  1 self-pity
  1 lower
  1 seemed
  1 physics
  1 heavens
  1 design
  1 demons
  1 worried
  1 razors
  1 scratching
  1 hurt
  1 paolo
  1 target
  1 wok
  1 stir
  1 monstrosities
  1 powerful
  1 advertising
  1 strays
  1 wraps
  1 loved
  1 sucking
  1 earnest
  1 dishes
  1 holes
  1 scraping
  1 rippling
  1 caress
  1 welling
  1 nutrition
  1 rears
  1 decide
  1 upside
  1 refuse
  1 meant
  1 straight
  1 abandoned
  1 form
  1 abandon
  1 being
  1 executive
  1 grime
  1 costs
  1 carefree
  1 xo
  1 teacups
  1 noncommittally
  1 bracing
  1 redsilk
  1 blocks
  1 fooling
  1 crying
  1 veins
  1 besieged
  1 moisture
  1 wires
  1 cadences
  1 knock
  1 too-rich
  1 tinkle
  1 produce
  1 lazily
  1 heels
  1 carried
  1 winds
  1 straighten
  1 pock
  1 quest
  1 heritage
  1 coat
  1 mt
  1 shing
  1 paw
  1 believes
  1 mating
  1 jam
  1 ignoring
  1 clattering
  1 weevil
  1 bested
  1 rush
  1 beating
  1 zoos
  1 finishing
  1 beetles
  1 ogling
  1 anonymous
  1 shape
  1 swift
  1 virus
  1 falling
  1 repaid
  1 scabis
  1 convulsive
  1 ward
  1 round
  1 assful
  1 hazards
  1 tremble
  1 accusatory
  1 cry
  1 dashes
  1 journey
  1 breaks
  1 warring
  1 looms
  1 creaks
  1 secretary
  1 cuts
  1 glorious
  1 politely
  1 swirl
  1 lust
  1 interviews
  1 slash
  1 useful
  1 rattletrap
  1 pushing
  1 continue
  1 lined
  1 translucent-skinned
  1 ensuring
  1 commerce
  1 malays
  1 files
  1 lamp
  1 spatter
  1 minutes
  1 redsilks
  1 sidewise
  1 shiny
  1 distant
  1 rusty
  1 threatens
  1 toys
  1 caricature
  1 runnel
  1 nutritious
  1 taps
  1 exteriors
  1 chin
  1 sunlight
  1 curls
  1 policemen
  1 aging
  1 particularly
  1 stay
  1 refills
  1 sudden
  1 gatherers
  1 blackening
  1 placing
  1 calorie
  1 bandoliers
  1 serve
  1 obviously
  1 flapping
  1 probes
  1 placed
  1 pasty
  1 peasant
  1 skeleton
  1 setting
  1 authority
  1 fight
  1 western
  1 race
  1 pleasures
  1 slums
  1 provides
  1 scavengers
  1 gory
  1 braved
  1 comfortably
  1 seeds
  1 congee
  1 sizzle
  1 hurries
  1 stink
  1 bar
  1 pace
  1 boot
  1 hide
  1 lords
  1 drives
  1 drums
  1 pour
  1 build
  1 empire
  1 scramble
  1 chilis
  1 sustenance
  1 pengyou
  1 slide
  1 fled
  1 fanatics
  1 watery
  1 result
  1 biology
  1 salivating
  1 islam
  1 disintegrating
  1 ignorant
  1 interaction
  1 reborn
  1 wiped
  1 coins
  1 business
  1 clustered
  1 important
  1 ka
  1 stroking
  1 plants
  1 comradely
  1 total
  1 petroleum
  1 pleading
  1 siamese
  1 complete
  1 yelps
  1 dares
  1 slogans
  1 religious
  1 inebriated
  1 cases
  1 speak
  1 tallow
  1 sarong
  1 afterlife
  1 rebuild
  1 tick
  1 wheals
  1 complaints
  1 claws
  1 dregs
  1 magnified
  1 stuffs
  1 gasping
  1 mannequin
  1 illegally
  1 whimsy
  1 childhood
  1 scans
  1 severed
  1 predict
  1 desperately
  1 hides
  1 half-empty
  1 fleshly
  1 falters
  1 seaweed
  1 chao
  1 geriatric
  1 sculptures
  1 hand-rolled
  1 cocks
  1 showing
  1 earshot
  1 seas
  1 lesson
  1 jogs
  1 flaps
  1 tubers
  1 abuse
  1 concerned
  1 uncared
  1 palace
  1 brings
  1 float
  1 nowhere
  1 sweat-damp
  1 cringing
  1 rama
  1 squinting
  1 whelp
  1 sky
  1 jostling
  1 pressing
  1 spoke
  1 brass
  1 enticement
  1 study
  1 materialize
  1 sends
  1 slight
  1 encouragement
  1 facing
  1 rehired
  1 disposed
  1 cart
  1 timepieces
  1 purple
  1 toy
  1 screeches
  1 half-hearted
  1 carp
  1 punctuality
  1 gear
  1 shame
  1 answer
  1 disappears
  1 reverently
  1 glazed
  1 ease
  1 plug
  1 attempt
  1 luxury
  1 legend
  1 bulk
  1 worries
  1 survives
  1 counseled
  1 stones
  1 trembling
  1 louder
  1 releases
  1 queasily
  1 swaying
  1 aware
  1 receded
  1 forgot
  1 mechanization
  1 hollow
  1 snorts
  1 nervously
  1 hobble
  1 cockroaches
  1 egg-bald
  1 hind
  1 claustrophobia
  1 trusts
  1 footsteps
  1 nanyang
  1 lodged
  1 uncle
  1 yin
  1 bowels
  1 cognac
  1 technologies
  1 buffalo
  1 grind
  1 professor
  1 whether
  1 harvested
  1 ply
  1 nationalism
  1 thanks
  1 silence
  1 unloads
  1 ducking
  1 heirloom
  1 sighing
  1 hypnotized
  1 sleeve
  1 seize
  1 rushes
  1 joins
  1 sarongs
  1 block
  1 remnant
  1 muscle
  1 brief
  1 drowned
  1 calico
  1 ilk
  1 let
  1 sprawled
  1 considered
  1 moist
  1 promoted
  1 glaze
  1 nights
  1 seizes
  1 future
  1 quite
  1 inch
  1 advances
  1 unearthing
  1 stairs
  1 numbers
  1 percent
  1 owe
  1 theater
  1 overhead
  1 maddened
  1 lining
  1 strangers
  1 agrigen
  1 markers
  1 slick
  1 doubtfully
  1 reeks
  1 tired
  1 juggling
  1 incense
  1 knuckles
  1 worlds
  1 subsects
  1 betrayal
  1 offices
  1 pretend
  1 lash
  1 archipelago
  1 raw
  1 difficulty
  1 pawing
  1 hold
  1 convert
  1 prison
  1 tracks
  1 paranoid
  1 7
  1 wisp
  1 homonyms
  1 crawl
  1 ip
  1 guilty
  1 stalk
  1 fucker
  1 raised
  1 handlers
  1 clutches
  1 ass
  1 rictus
  1 fades
  1 given
  1 broke
  1 chattering
  1 wrought
  1 corporation
  1 conical
  1 acceptable
  1 brown-skinned
  1 fools
  1 trash
  1 tabby
  1 secret
  1 multinational
  1 breathe
  1 puppet
  1 plaza
  1 tugging
  1 paving
  1 flap
  1 problems
  1 suppose
  1 queer
  1 echo
  1 crunches
  1 vines
  1 single
  1 drew
  1 gap
  1 comb
  1 boulevards
  1 fourth
  1 legible
  1 offal
  1 crunch
  1 propped
  1 clearly
  1 sugared
  1 humiliations
  1 peeps
  1 rented
  1 buddha
  1 shushing
  1 led
  1 flushed
  1 traded
  1 enhanced
  1 grains
  1 reparation
  1 response
  1 hurrying
  1 heap
  1 heat-smothered
  1 oily
  1 native
  1 walking
  1 slink
  1 wasn
  1 gathers
  1 slap
  1 perfectly
  1 spite
  1 reinvigorated
  1 kneels
  1 waterlogged
  1 nightmares
  1 oven
  1 broad
  1 ren
  1 whites
  1 intensifying
  1 wander
  1 beneath
  1 leaf
  1 baskets
  1 believe
  1 nicer
  1 moonlit
  1 averted
  1 influence
  1 endure
  1 karmic
  1 looming
  1 tantalizingly
  1 names
  1 assumed
  1 twin
  1 gait
  1 rajapradit
  1 pipes
  1 fancy
  1 creased
  1 frivolously
  1 jerky
  1 glow
  1 blooms
  1 plant
  1 polymer
  1 fifty
  1 cradles
  1 screams
  1 seeking
  1 wields
  1 suffer
  1 buyers
  1 spoken
  1 surrounded
  1 slant
  1 cursed
  1 killed
  1 firecracker
  1 cynically
  1 tossing
  1 stepping
  1 snuffing
  1 tenth
  1 co
  1 ghostly
  1 intellectual
  1 either
  1 cockroach
  1 drown
  1 invested
  1 crank
  1 yang
  1 confront
  1 bloom
  1 asiatic
  1 pathetic
  1 creaking
  1 safety
  1 ejection
  1 carry
  1 traces
  1 strikes
  1 glasses
  1 monopolies
  1 fart
  1 jumps
  1 intelligent
  1 carriers
  1 hulls
  1 suppresses
  1 stinking
  1 blackness
  1 shake
  1 scrabbling
  1 soul
  1 mutations
  1 privileged
  1 lantern
  1 shield
  1 saw
  1 married
  1 twenty
  1 infringements
  1 lobes
  1 curves
  1 swings
  1 shin
  1 gull
  1 giving
  1 tables
  1 kites
  1 placating
  1 failed
  1 focuses
  1 item
  1 pillowed
  1 tattoo
  1 whom
  1 femur
  1 parade
  1 danced
  1 patrol
  1 stone
  1 ogistics
  1 yours
  1 feeding
  1 wire-frame
  1 rubs
  1 spittle
  1 stains
  1 thigh
  1 flash
  1 building
  1 position
  1 pelts
  1 tricycle
  1 continues
  1 recognize
  1 mutters
  1 partner
  1 riot
  1 counting
  1 dragon
  1 port
  1 narrowed
  1 impatient
  1 polite
  1 learning
  1 research
  1 bring
  1 arrived
  1 cities
  1 tides
  1 overcome
  1 bleed
  1 inspect
  1 earn
  1 calloused
  1 blessings
  1 manager
  1 stealing
  1 sobbing
  1 creation
  1 chorus
  1 scuffles
  1 maximization
  1 excitement
  1 brittle
  1 ourselves
  1 chatters
  1 bargaining
  1 consume
  1 bottle-thick
  1 fabulously
  1 resolves
  1 strains
  1 flips
  1 edges
  1 revealing
  1 threat
  1 plantation
  1 district
  1 wolves
  1 shaved
  1 equatorial
  1 envelops
  1 area
  1 squid
  1 cook
  1 earns
  1 salted
  1 scholar
  1 today
  1 conditioning
  1 gold-sheathed
  1 regain
  1 stray
  1 dawn
  1 whispering
  1 grits
  1 gaseous
  1 terrified
  1 previously
  1 season
  1 jointless
  1 spreads
  1 increases
  1 failure
  1 dream
  1 yesterday
  1 rib
  1 regrets
  1 habitat
  1 tangled
  1 plunges
  1 guaranteed
  1 orange
  1 theft
  1 gravity
  1 chameleon-like
  1 flashes
  1 silhouette
  1 tainted
  1 shards
  1 electricity
  1 laborers
  1 mocking
  1 inspiration
  1 ropes
  1 laap
  1 riding
  1 tangling
  1 powdered
  1 monsoon
  1 bubble
  1 swept
  1 unsteady
  1 score
  1 soaked
  1 wise
  1 stuttery
  1 shaken
  1 drains
  1 proud
  1 hoard
  1 stupidity
  1 penis
  1 conversation
  1 acquiescence
  1 reflexes
  1 tastes
  1 shimmer
  1 velocity
  1 sails
  1 morsels
  1 raiment
  1 emulate
  1 buyer
  1 paying
  1 bowls
  1 satisfy
  1 neatly
  1 saffron-robed
  1 monopoly
  1 despises
  1 piece
  1 tide
  1 richard
  1 conflagration
  1 attracted
  1 defensive
  1 following
  1 gust
  1 megajoule
  1 leech
  1 respond
  1 stylized
  1 difference
  1 esteemed
  1 putting
  1 merciful
  1 herself
  1 ribcage
  1 thud
  1 returning
  1 christians
  1 vital
  1 homeward
  1 nose
  1 expensive
  1 invasion
  1 seated
  1 resent
  1 patriotic
  1 sweat-sheened
  1 intertwined
  1 crouch
  1 electric
  1 squabbling
  1 actually
  1 suck
  1 planking
  1 tightens
  1 freely
  1 shimmers
  1 positions
  1 antiques
  1 ripe
  1 announces
  1 gruel
  1 utopian
  1 most
  1 wakes
  1 hat
  1 spillage
  1 prickles
  1 asia
  1 quietly
  1 footing
  1 cobblestones
  1 survived
  1 ai
  1 slither
  1 clatter
  1 bi
  1 desks
  1 barefoot
  1 coffin
  1 swingshift
  1 brotherhood
  1 intention
  1 master
  1 probably
  1 postscript
  1 taint
  1 twitches
  1 redolent
  1 degrees
  1 hull
  1 accent
  1 stuck
  1 hungering
  1 gushes
  1 charcoal
  1 repeats
  1 frightened
  1 specification
  1 dehydrated
  1 limned
  1 flying
  1 puff
  1 skidding
  1 hanging
  1 kinetic
  1 carcass
  1 property
  1 middle
  1 attitudes
  1 helplessness
  1 impression
  1 komodo
  1 totter
  1 wake
  1 gifts
  1 throws
  1 instructions
  1 blaze
  1 indians
  1 else
  1 seethe
  1 methodical
  1 forced
  1 missing
  1 likely
  1 splinters
  1 pun
  1 emerges
  1 steady
  1 display
  1 salt
  1 fans
  1 blotched
  1 unwary
  1 filters
  1 consider
  1 pits
  1 posts
  1 starved
  1 steamed
  1 liver-spotted
  1 sheepishly
  1 grabbing
  1 transient
  1 reeking
  1 counsel
  1 ash
  1 richest
  1 markets
  1 genehack
  1 trickling
  1 sit
  1 spoon
  1 curry
  1 forest
  1 questioning
  1 besides
  1 abacus
  1 oversaw
  1 beasts
  1 muttering
  1 cartridges
  1 wildly
  1 fill
  1 broadsheet
  1 frantic
  1 ball
  1 snuck
  1 ailed
  1 pool
  1 wearer
  1 irresistible
  1 slinks
  1 strange
  1 baiting
  1 praying
  1 weavers
  1 vendors
  1 throng
  1 spiky
  1 ribs
  1 touches
  1 unloading
  1 pleasure
  1 wrists
  1 peril
  1 markings
  1 profession
  1 curling
  1 manage
  1 managed
  1 palm-oil
  1 waited
  1 100
  1 buddhist
  1 serpent
  1 best
  1 high-protein
  1 rallies
  1 filth
  1 rinsed
  1 rot
  1 eagerly
  1 trim
  1 crouching
  1 spit
  1 bacigalupi
  1 anger
  1 teak-skinned
  1 toast
  1 especially
  1 retreating
  1 unlikely
  1 profits
  1 footnote
  1 crowds
  1 baldy
  1 stumble
  1 lizard
  1 blindness
  1 allows
  1 islands
  1 rejection
  1 largesse
  1 favors
  1 piled
  1 misfortune
  1 aren
  1 obscurity
  1 reeds
  1 wallows
  1 terrify
  1 celebrating
  1 japan-haters
  1 wah
  1 computer
  1 dealt
  1 soulless
  1 hadn
  1 staggers
  1 lotus
  1 everyday
  1 grinding
  1 disturbance
  1 dexterity
  1 globe
  1 rides
  1 diarrhea
  1 days
  1 underworld
  1 immigrants
  1 prods
  1 muffled
  1 shovel
  1 consequence
  1 freezes
  1 use
  1 filling
  1 mahogany
  1 approaches
  1 steadying
  1 windowless
  1 threatened
  1 tumbler
  1 aided
  1 unoiled
  1 urging
  1 lot
  1 jabs
  1 scenting
  1 clot
  1 storybook
  1 languages
  1 mean
  1 spent
  1 heated
  1 fading
  1 softly
  1 curiosity
  1 taste
  1 survivor
  1 root
  1 dominate
  1 weren
  1 apartment
  1 gives
  1 churn
  1 issues
  1 competition
  1 bauble
  1 salt-slick
  1 manufacturers
  1 cruel
  1 beats
  1 massed
  1 cock
  1 rags
  1 elevator
  1 previous
  1 seams
  1 elbows
  1 curses
  1 staying
  1 presence
  1 affronted
  1 magnate
  1 check
  1 hooded
  1 south
  1 merciless
  1 setback
  1 marked
  1 sandalwood
  1 assistant
  1 occasionally
  1 collapse
  1 hunted
  1 poor
  1 roasted
  1 smiling
  1 treatments
  1 sags
  1 chunks
  1 pouring
  1 bladed
  1 gulps
  1 accelerates
  1 assimilated
  1 dizzy
  1 hated
  1 kissed
  1 chameleons
  1 rage
  1 furnace
  1 wades
  1 ankles
  1 reflecting
  1 impossibly
  1 sourced
  1 wai
  1 fatty
  1 skins
  1 cup
  1 families
  1 knowing
  1 sickly
  1 tubs
  1 manufactured
  1 unshoveled
  1 tears
  1 humanity
  1 slunk
  1 support
  1 spun
  1 created
  1 mousy
  1 agree
  1 foreigner
  1 steadies
  1 schools
  1 depth
  1 huilai
  1 waving
  1 sagging
  1 blades
  1 gingerly
  1 forty
  1 encounter
  1 oblivion
  1 pack
  1 war
  1 krung
  1 profited
  1 astounded
  1 fork
  1 climbed
  1 emboldened
  1 jostles
  1 brakes
  1 pity
  1 filter
  1 satisfied
  1 panting
  1 promotion
  1 directions
  1 aura
  1 heaps
  1 pick
  1 winding
  1 main
  1 crumbling
  1 somewhere
  1 meal
  1 opening
  1 subject
  1 high-tech
  1 closing
  1 placidly
  1 trudges
  1 appears
  1 turnings
  1 risk
  1 brand
  1 poorly
  1 accidental
  1 plods
  1 soil
  1 map
  1 wheat
  1 massaging
  1 bluff
  1 fires
  1 shoe
  1 surface
  1 hammers
  1 puddle
  1 guessed
  1 observant
  1 ablutions
  1 trace
  1 extra
  1 beggar
  1 security
  1 brash
  1 malayan
  1 wages
  1 english
  1 struggles
  1 despised
  1 stupidly
  1 apartments
  1 manufacturing
  1 understands
  1 letting
  1 twisting
  1 proteins
  1 signs
  1 lawyer
  1 buttoning
  1 chronograph
  1 swaddles
  1 reek
  1 disk
  1 accepting
  1 memories
  1 hunt
  1 protrude
  1 took
  1 entering
  1 cherry
  1 flinch
  1 sip
  1 plate
  1 exhales
  1 props
  1 charoen
  1 crooks
  1 555
  1 protests
  1 kuok
  1 second
  1 wishing
  1 thrashed
  1 counts
  1 impressions
  1 terror
  1 unstamped
  1 scarred
  1 portions
  1 landing
  1 images
  1 swirling
  1 eggplants
  1 quan
  1 emerged
  1 refuses
  1 crisp-fried
  1 fortunes
  1 6
  1 feeling
  1 complaint
  1 trampled
  1 count
  1 coma
  1 bedlam
  1 lovers
  1 rip
  1 approved
  1 soaks
  1 hidden
  1 sourly
  1 bird
  1 fetid
  1 thais
  1 immobilizing
  1 blessedly
  1 shambling
  1 snaking
  1 worst
  1 nudges
  1 monkeys
  1 trees
  1 breakfast
  1 possession
  1 irregular
  1 slipping
  1 motioning
  1 warily
  1 gracious
  1 joints
  1 picks
  1 clawed
  1 converge
  1 protozoa
  1 blotches
  1 dry
  1 sniffing
  1 grahamite
  1 newfound
  1 handle
  1 dress
  1 coincidence
  1 closes
  1 demand
  1 pavement
  1 ring
  1 satisfaction
  1 gritting
  1 paltry
  1 hook
  1 deep
  1 collected
  1 sponsors
  1 embezzler
  1 flows
  1 hangs
  1 often
  1 trickle
  1 sully
  1 peninsula
  1 worship
  1 obscurely
  1 backdrop
  1 free
  1 ku-shui
  1 impressionistic
  1 glory
  1 edicts
  1 merit
  1 hour
  1 dispensations
  1 born
  1 shade
  1 shuddering
  1 gut-spilled
  1 nighttime
  1 protest
  1 hating
  1 slot
  1 lives
  1 reply
  1 truth
  1 fumbling
  1 yowl
  1 fail
  1 savage
  1 gesture
  1 militancy
  1 jewels
  1 ropey
  1 collar
  1 silk
  1 rounds
  1 slapping
  1 wolf
  1 taking
  1 pedigree
  1 laoshi
  1 bathe
  1 checking
  1 computers
  1 scientist
  1 imagination
  1 interjects
  1 pocket
  1 gobs
  1 shoes
  1 cultured
  1 gods
  1 inheritance
  1 tone
  1 grinning
  1 unable
  1 pleasantly
  1 dressed
  1 gritty
  1 starlight
  1 sprays
  1 leg-wreck
  1 silhouettes
  1 haven
  1 methodically
  1 pulped
  1 legal
  1 someday
  1 brazenly
  1 insensate
  1 fleeing
  1 covered
  1 resistant
  1 trio
  1 chases
  1 mulch
  1 unbroken
  1 fleas
  1 troubled
  1 doubles
  1 smothers
  1 chennai
  1 dodged
  1 unwelcome
  1 restrained
  1 slightly
  1 polymers
  1 oils
  1 thief
  1 balconies
  1 slicing
  1 skid
  1 grandfather
  1 crimes
  1 offense
  1 exists
  1 coast
  1 dismissed
  1 challenge
  1 proposal
  1 flavor
  1 rinds
  1 promises
  1 rushed
  1 rooted
  1 phraya
  1 extra-territorial
  1 palsy
  1 contrasting
  1 payoffs
  1 exaggerating
  1 expecting
  1 bass
  1 hampering
  1 familiar
  1 obliterating
  1 which
  1 realization
  1 stretches
  1 flow
  1 chimes
  1 huang
  1 weakly
  1 currents
  1 color
  1 drank
  1 bigger
  1 former
  1 tradin
  1 throb
  1 asks
  1 wastelands
  1 forsake
  1 torn
  1 school
  1 repels
  1 body-space
  1 struts
  1 reclamation
  1 screech
  1 despise
  1 scattered
  1 navigated
  1 headed
  1 iv
  1 upper-story
  1 uncurl
  1 plucks
  1 hopefuls
  1 common
  1 fingering
  1 sang
  1 noticed
  1 manure
  1 lovely
  1 quiet
  1 boil
  1 senses
  1 club
  1 shores
  1 mottle
  1 compete
  1 whispers
  1 blackest
  1 desk
  1 swamps
  1 generipped
  1 strewn
  1 spines
  1 cobra
  1 hunter
  1 songs
  1 acid
  1 floats
  1 blood-brothers
  1 unloaded
  1 buried
  1 roils
  1 bioengineered
  1 ride
  1 delight
  1 invading
  1 blessing
  1 residence
  1 binding
  1 instincts
  1 years
  1 loss
  1 tentative
  1 hips
  1 quarter
  1 drop
  1 ghosts
  1 muslim
  1 standard
  1 success
  1 represents
  1 appearance
  1 coughs
  1 pitch-black
  1 lunges

700.

Paolo Bacigalupi (ology) ebook - Blue Tyson : z non-fiction - 3.0 - ebook 

This is the scribd version, where you can read online or apparently download as pdf, doc or txt :-

http://www.scribd.com/doc/31472280/Paolo-Bacigalupi-ology

701.

Paolo Bacigalupi (ology) ebook - Blue Tyson : z non-fiction - 3.0 - ebook 

This is the Smashwords edition :-

Browse online, on in pdf, rtf, txt, mobi/kindle.  Their epub version doesn't work very well at the moment.
http://www.smashwords.com/books/view/14878



Paolo Bacigalupi (ology) : http://paolobacigalupi.blogspot.com
Free SF and Not Free SF MegaBlog : http://freesf.strandedinoz.com/wordpress

Website : http://lairdbarron.blogspot.com
Twitter : http://www.twitter.com/bluetyson
Facebook : http://www.facebook.com/BlueTyson

Laird Barron (ology) : http://lairdbarron.blogspot.com

Leigh Brackett (ology) : http://leighbrackett.blogspot.com
Greg Egan (ology) : http://gregegan.blogspot.com
James Enge (ology) : http://jamesenge.blogspot.com
Alastair Reynolds (ology) : http://alastairreynolds.blogspot.com
Cordwainer Smith (ology) : http://cordwainersmith.blogspot.com

Free SF Reader : http://freesf.blogspot.com
Not Free SF Reader : http://notfreesf.blogspot.com
Super Reader : http://superprose.blogspot.com
Space Opera Reader : http://spaceoperareader.blogspot.com
Year's Best SF Reader : http://yearsbestsf.blogspot.com
Free SF Best : http://freesfbest.blogspot.com
Australian SF Reader : http://ozsfbest.blogspot.com
SF Watcher : http://sfwatcher.blogspot.com
