Pastrami On Rye
By Joey Dupuis Jr

Pastrami On Rye
By Joey Dupuis Jr
Published By Joey Dupuis Jr at Smashwords
Copyright 2014 Joey Dupuis Jr
Smashwords License Statement 
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each reader. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Table of Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22

   Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Chapter 39
Chapter 40
Chapter 41
Chapter 42
Epilogue
About the Author
 Acknowledgements

Chapter 1

Francisco Creed was enjoying a peaceful day in the park.  He was walking in the warm sunlight, enjoying an apple and view.  A slight breeze picked up and ruffled up his medium length brown hair.  His emerald green eyes were covered by his sunglasses.  He looked average enough, and that was fine by him.  His skin was slowing beginning to tan with coming season.  He was dressed in black shoes, blue jeans, a grey tee shirt with a green button up unbuttoned.
Creed was content.  He sat down to watch some birds in a tree.  A squirrel was trying to take the bird’s pilfered seed.  Creed chuckled at the sight, thinking it amusing.  He took out a notebook and began to write down what he saw.  While he was doing this, a mother and child walked passed him.
“What’s with the notebook mister,” The girl asked sweetly.
“Just writing down the interactions of the pretty little birds,” Creed said with a smile, not really looking at the woman or child.
“You’re a filthy pervert,” The woman said as she called out for police.  Creed rolled his eyes while a nearby officer came over.  Creed handed his notebook to the officer and revealed his dog-tags.  The officer reviewed the notebook and chuckled.
“Why is this man a pervert?” the officer asked the woman.
“He was taking notes on children, calling them pretty little birds,” the flustered woman said.  The police officer revealed Creed’s notebook to the woman.  It was filled with exceptional drawings of the different trees and the birds which lived in them and on the pages opposite of the trees were descriptions of what was going on.
“He’s a bird watcher,” the police officer told the woman.  “Not every single guy is a pervert.  You owe this man an apology.”
“I will do no such thing,” the woman said.
“Slanderous comments needlessly destroy good names,” Creed told the woman.  “Don’t cry wolf.” Creed coldly rebuked her.  “I am a good man and you have damaged my name.  If you cross me again I will seek a formal complaint against you.” Creed said as he got his notebook back and turned to officer.  “Good day to you Emily.” He told his friend as he walked away.  Emily and Creed had gone to the same night school together and were as close as family.  She loved Creed yet it was unrequited.  Creed was a fairly open person, yet no one really understood that he was asexual.
“Frank,” She said.  “How is your novel coming?”
“It’s coming along well,” Creed said with a smile.  “I’ll bring by a draft for you and the guys to read down at the precinct.”
Creed, though well to do, made a large chunk of money writing science-fiction novels.  He always gave free novels to the police, fire, and rescue workers whenever he had the chance.  It was his way of offering a little bit of sanity to their hectic lives.
Creed left along the path out of the park.  He needed to calm his nerves a bit.  He loathed people sometimes.  From his prospective, they just take the human out of humanity.  Creed strolled into his deli and ordered a pastrami on rye.
The deli was set up to be comfortable.  The interior colors were mostly darkly stained wooden tables and chairs along with green walls, and bright lamps.  
“Bad day,” The person at the counter asked.  He was just shy of six feet, had curly dark hair and a beetle-like eyes.  He was dressed in blue-jeans, a white shirt, and had a green apron on.  “You always order than when you are having a bad day.”
“Just another jackass in the park, Abe,” Creed said.  “It’s like… it’s a crime to be single now and go bird watching.”
“Don’t worry,” Abe said from behind the counter.  “Hey, did you do any more writing lately?”
“Nothing really,” Creed said.  “I’ve been just jotting about the birds in the park.”
“Think you can make a children’s story out of it?” Abe asked as he finished the sandwich and handed it to Creed.
“Maybe,” Creed said.  “Never really thought about that.”
Creed went to sit down.  He opened the notebook and took a bite of his sandwich.  He checked his notes and sure enough, he would be able to work what he had seen into a children’s story.  His drawings weren’t half bad either.
The woman and child came into the same deli.  Creed paid them little mind as he went back to his notebook and sandwich.  Creed made a few little notes in the margins of his notebook on how to link the story together.
“Can I get a ham and turkey sub for myself and my daughter?” the woman asked.
“This is a Kosher Deli,” Abe informed her.  “We don’t have pork here nor do we mix meats or have cheeses here.  We are strictly kosher.”
“The customer is always right though,” The woman scoffed.  “I want to talk to the owner.”
“I’m right here,” Creed said from his table, ire fresh on his tongue.  “Shalom and shalom.  This deli is one hundred percent kosher and I intend to keep it that way.  Nothing you say can make me change my mind.  So, you can either accept that or you may leave.”
“I should have known that a kike like you would own this place,” the woman scoffed.
“Call Emily,” Creed told his smart phone.  “Hello, Emily.  I would like to stop by the station to file my complaint and set up a restraining order.  I’ll be over in about ten minutes when I am done with my lunch, thank you.”
“This will never stick,” the woman told Creed.
“I pity your child, setting a bad example for her and all.” Creed said as he turned to the little girl.  “You know that hate is wrong, right?” Creed said as he collected his things, cleared off his table and went to Abe.  “Take care of things while I’m out for the afternoon.  I should be back before sundown.”
“Knock, knock,” Emily said as she entered the Deli.  “I thought that we could walk to the station together…” Emily said as she saw the woman from about twenty minutes ago.  “Are you causing problems for Mister Creed, here, again?”
“I believe she used the ‘K’ word to describe Mister Creed,” Abe said with unease.  “After she found out that this is a Kosher Deli, she started making a fuss.”
“Madame,” Emily told the woman.  “You’re going to have to come with me.  You’ve disrupted a place of business.”
“He’s the owner, not a customer,” She protested.  “And besides, we’re the only ones here.”
“Do you know who I am?” Creed asked the woman.
“Just some damn Jew,” the woman spat.
“I am Francisco Creed, you might have heard of me,” Creed informed her.  “I’m responsible for most of this town turning around and becoming a place of culture.  I’ve funded the theatre, provided for the local schools, and got the streets cleaned of vagrants.  Plus, I’m on the town council.   Believe me: you don’t want to say another word to me without a lawyer.” Creed said as he pointed to a sign at the front counter.  The sign read: The owner of the deli may refuse service to unruly persons.  “Now, you will go with the officer while I go get ready for our meeting in the police station.”

~

After two weeks of public debate Creed was able to persuade the community that he had grown to call home that all persons should be treated with dignity and therefore should be able to work free from fear of being verbally and physically abused by customers and co-workers.  This more than effectively ended the age-old policy that the customer is always right.  Creed’s new policy became a town ordinance a month later.


Chapter 2

Creed was at home.  The last few weeks were nothing short of carefully wording legislation proposals so that they were air tight.  For most people that would be like trying to put together a jigsaw puzzle without any pictures on the pieces.  For Creed it was about as enjoyable as finding new synonyms in the thesaurus, a favorite bedtime activity of his.
“You’ve still got it,” a lean, rugged looking man said as he entered Creed’s home office.  His brown hair was thick and his eyes sparkled like emeralds.  His ears were slightly pointed and his teeth were unusually sharp.  He was dressed in some well tattered blue jeans and a handmade brown leather vest.  The office was set up in a hexagonal shape, wall to wall with bookshelves, all made of cherry, darkly stained.  Creed was sitting behind a large desk on a red leather chair, working on his computer.
“I have a life now, you know,” Creed told his old friend.  “I am a writer and the owner of deli.  I am fine with my peaceful existence.”
“You’re tired of it,” the man countered.  “I’ve known you since you were an orphan.  You want some adventure back in your life.”
“Did I forget to mention that I am also a gifted politician?” Creed asked.
“So, you are, here,” the man said with a soft chuckle.  “Don’t you wish to have one more adventure?”
“Dodger,” Creed said looking firmly at his longtime friend.  “I gave up that life for one of peace.”
“There’s something I need your help with,” Dodger said quietly.
“I lost my powers,” Creed reminded his friend.  “And I don’t want them back.” He firmly told Dodger.
“You know as well as I do that you didn’t lose all of your powers,” Dodger pointed out.  “You can still cloud people’s thoughts and control them.”
“Does Alice know that you’re here?” Creed asked.
“As a matter of fact, Frankie,” Alice said as she came over to Creed from the doorway.  Alice was five foot four, had long blonde hair, dark green eyes, and pointed ears.  She was dressed in sexy-casual jeans and tank top.  “It was my idea.  There’s this cult… anyway, there’s this cult and they are starting to gain a lot of followers and we need some help tearing them down.”
“Aside from the obvious,” Creed asked with a raised eyebrow.
“What they advocate,” Alice said as she handed Creed some of the cult’s pamphlets.  “Is nothing short of detestable, even with all that we’ve been through.”
“Okay,” Creed said as he glanced through the rubbish that had been handed to him.  “Suppose we do go there.  What then?”
“We pose then destroy,” Dodger suggested.
“It’s too damn tricky,” Creed said shaking his head.  “These people seem to be brainwashed.  Posing won’t be enough.  Then there is the danger that we could loose ourselves.”
“Frankie,” Alice said as she came closer to Creed.  “We need you on this one.”
“Two psychics and a werewolf are going to take down a cult?” Creed asked.  “That’s what you think will happen.  If we succeed, then no one will know it was us and if we fail then our kind will be exposed to the world.  It’s a no win situation.”
“I thought that you wanted to remain incognito,” Alice said warmly.
“We need you brother,” Dodger told Creed.
“Damn it,” Creed said slowly.  That was the one thing that he could have said to get him to agree to it.  “I suppose we’ll be needing some amount of arms for this then.”
“Attaboy Frankie,” Dodger said with a smile.
“That’s my little brother,” Alice said as she came over to him and hugged him tightly.
The doorbell rang.  Creed excused himself to go answer it.  It was Emily.  She was hurt badly.  Creed could see the blood forming on her shirt, through her vest.  Creed grabbed her and tossed her into a nearby chair in the parlor.  The red room and dark furnishings were fitting for a funeral.
“Dodger,” Creed told his older brother.  “Go into the bathroom and get me the first aid kit and Alice… go into the kitchen and get me the pitcher of water from the fridge and a glass.”  Frank told his sister as he helped Emily out of her shirt and vest.  It was stab wound from a single-edged dagger.  Creed looked the wound over.  Nothing vital was hit but the loss of blood would be problem.  “Em,” Creed said.  “You’re lucky; it only hit muscle and bone.” Creed told her as he applied pressure as Dodger came with the kit and Alice arrived with the water.  “Alice,” Creed directed his sister, not taking an eye off of Emily’s wound.  “If you would please tilt the cup to Em’s mouth so she can drink.”  Dodger had taken out the first aid kit and revealed a bottle of Everclear.
“For the wound?” Dodger said looking that the bottle.
“Yep,” Creed said as he opened up the flammable liquid and poured it in the stab wound.  Emily yelped.  “Sorry, but you need it cleaned.”  Creed said as he went for the glue and a threaded needle.  After a few minutes Emily was patched up.
“You holding up Em,” Creed asked as he cleaned up the mess.
“Sorry,” Emily gasped.  “I wouldn’t have come here but it happened just a block away…”
“Dodge,” Creed said.  “Find the one who did this and bring them here.”
“Sure thing,” Dodger said as he sniffed the air for faint scents that didn’t belong to the four already there and then headed out.
“Sorry for being so rude,” Alice said.  “My name is Alice.  Dodger and I are kin of Francisco’s.”
“I’m Lieutenant Emily Scott.” Emily told Alice.
“Why?” Creed demanded of Emily.
“Why what?” Emily asked.
“Why were you coming here?” Creed clarified.  “You don’t normally visit.”
“There was something…” Emily said slowly.  “I wanted to be the one to tell you, in person, not over the phone.  You’re deli was burned to the ground and Abe was in there.  I’m sorry.”
There was a loud crack and a crunch of metal outside.  Creed figured what was going on and rolled his eyes towards the doorway.  Dodger was now standing at the doorway, with a knocked out woman under his left arm.
“The hell?” Creed said as he took a closer look at the woman.  “What the hell?  That’s the one who stabbed you?” Creed asked Emily with a raised eyebrow.
“Yeah,” Emily said with look of shock, not that it was the same woman that gave Creed a hard time, but that Dodger had time to catch her in the twenty minutes since she had been stabbed.  “How’d he find her so quickly without any clues?”
“I’m what’s called a Tracker,” Dodger said with a grin.  “I have keen skills for finding people.”
“How long before she comes to?” Creed asked.
“About ten minutes, give or take,” Alice said as she looked over the woman.
“What are you going to do with her?” Emily asked.
“What would you have us do?” Creed asked.  “She lives on the other side of town, my deli got torched, Abe is dead, and she stabbed you.  I think we have a suspect for a string of crimes.” Creed told Emily.  “Let’s call the boys in blue.”  Creed said with a smile.  “I must give that bitch credit, though.  She made sure to go for your walkie cable so you couldn’t call for help.”
“What are you going to do?” Emily asked.  “I mean, what about Abe and your deli?”
“Pay for Abe’s funeral and rebuild the Deli,” Creed bitterly told Emily.  “That’s all I can do.  Just more forward.”
“Perhaps,” Alice suggested.  “You could go on the holiday with Dodger and I first?”
“Of course,” Creed said.  “After the funeral.”


Chapter 3

Two weeks passed.  Abe’s funeral was well attended.  Creed had few friends in his new common life.  Abe had been his best friend.  That’s why Creed paid all the funeral costs.  Abe had died while working at his Deli.  Creed had grieved a little, but at the funeral he was like salt, bitter.
Creed had worked out a plan with the rest of the town council to have the insurance money be used to clean up where the old deli had been and to rebuild a new deli there.  It would be named Abe’s Place.  Creed also put a stipulation in effect that the new deli would not open until he returned from his needed holiday with his two siblings or six months time passed, whichever happens first.
Creed was talking to Rabbi Goldman about settling a few loose ends.
“Don’t worry about a thing,” Goldman assured Creed.  “Everything will be fine.  We are resilient, that’s what makes us a people.  Now, don’t worry about your home.  I will look after your house for you while you’re on holiday.  As for the new menus for the deli, I’m sure a few of our parishioners would be glad to help expand the selection and come up with a few good new ideas to help keep things fresh.”
“That’s what Abe would have wanted,” Creed said slowly.  “Something by the community for the community.”
“If you ever need to talk,” Goldman said.  “You know where to find me.”
“Rabbi,” Creed said slowly as he bit his lower lip.  “I’m not sure that I will be coming back.  If that happens, I want the temple to have control of the Abe’s Place.  As for my home, it’s rather simple, not much is in there.  I have a small library of books and a sizeable dvd collection.  Easily replaced.” Creed said with a shrug.  “Aside from that, there is nothing of value there, really.  I would be delighted if you would keep the house for me.  I have already made arrangements for the taxes to be paid in full for the next five years.  Just make sure that the lawn gets mowed as needed, that’s all I ask.”
“You sound like a man who is going to do something very foolish,” Goldman told Creed.
“Did you hear about the cult in the Midwest?” Creed asked.  “Well, they’re targeting young teens and college-aged students.  I’ve been asked to ensure that no one gets hurt while disbanding the cult.”
“Do you think that you can… that you will…” Goldman trailed off.
“This town has been a blessing to me,” Creed told the Rabbi.  “And I want to be able to have a home to come back to.  I have to do this.  Innocent people are being destroyed.  I cannot stand by and let this happen.”
“May God have mercy on the ones that cross your path,” Rabbi Goldman said.  “Because, I know you, and I know that you won’t, not when the safety of a child is at stake.”
“Thanks for understanding,” Creed told the Rabbi.
“You loved my son like a brother and that makes you my son,” Rabbi Goldman told Creed.  “Abe would have wanted you at our table any day of the week.”
“Thank you,” Creed said as he turned away.  He was holding back the tears.

~

“Frank,” Emily said from Frank’s kitchen.  The kitchen was spacious, hardwood with stone tiles.  There was an island in the center for preparing food.  “Do you want something to drink?”
“Something strong for my moment of weakness,” Frank told her from the living room.  The room was spacious, there were French doors going in from the kitchen and also out onto the porch, and had a sizeable entertainment center, metal and glass coffee table, two recliners and large couch, all black leather.
Emily appeared with two mixed drinks and handed one to Creed.  Creed was looking down.  This was his last night in town, perhaps for the rest of his life.  Emily could read that Creed was uneasy.
“You know,” Emily said slowly.  “We… we’ve been seeing a lot of each other lately, outside of work, you know.”
“We have,” Creed agreed.  “You and Rabbi Goldman are the only friends I’ve got in this town, you know that?”
“I think that you underestimate yourself.” Emily told Creed.  “You’re an awesome man who has brought about so much happiness to our small town.  What can I do to make you happy?”
“Just be here for me,” Creed told her as he downed his drink.
“I don’t want you to be alone tonight,” Emily told Creed.
“If you only knew the truth about me,” Creed told her.  “Another one, please?” Creed asked, handing Emily his empty glass.  Emily fetched Creed another drink, this one stronger, and returned.  “Thank you,” Creed said as he downed this one faster than the other.  “How much do you know about me?”
“You’re a writer, a politician, and a humanitarian.” Emily said with a shrug.
“Do you believe that some people are born to be different?” Creed asked Emily.
“What do you mean?” Emily said.
“I mean,” Creed stammered.  “I mean to say, could you love someone if they are different?  I know that you have feelings for me, that you have for some time, and that you also are thinking that perhaps I was in some kind of relationship with Abe and that’s why I never made a move on you.”
“You knew that I was…” Emily started.
“Emily,” Creed told her.  “I can’t have children.  I didn’t want you to waste your life on me, with someone who would be unable to give you a family of your own flesh and blood.  I’m sorry.”
“Frank…” Emily said slowly.  “I love you.  I don’t care that you can’t have children.  I just want us to live our lives together.”
“What now?” Creed asked.  “I’m leaving tomorrow and I… I’m not sure if I’m coming back.  There’s this thing that I got roped into.  I’ve already lost two weeks time… If I don’t go then more innocent people can get hurt.”
“You’re a politician, not a fighter,” Emily insisted.
“I… you’re wrong about that.” Creed told her as he reached into his shirt and pulled out his dog tags, something that Emily had seen before but never really paid much attention to.  “I was a Ranger, Black Ops.  I’ve been asked to go on one more mission, to take down the cult that’s forming not to far away from here.  Dodger is already there.  Alice and I are going tomorrow.”
“Why wouldn’t you come back?” Emily asked.
“I won’t be the same guy,” Creed told her as he shook his head.  “Especially if people start to die while I’m there.”
“Then let me give you a reason to come back,” Emily told Creed.


Chapter 4

The next day Creed, Dodger, and Alice met up at the compound where the cult was.  It didn’t seem to be anything special.  On the outside it seemed to be a planned community, and rather self-sustaining.  The scattered buildings were all white with dark shingled roofs.  Creed looked around.  He could sense the unease of the newcomers.  The ones that had been there for some time, though, felt empty, void of emotions.  Creed felt a cold chill run down his spine.
“What the hell,” Creed said as he looked around.
“You feel it too,” Alice said as she grabbed Creed’s arm.
“You two must be a new couple to the Way,” A greeter said as he approached Alice and Creed.  Dodger was following close in toe with the greeter.
“We are,” Creed said as he held Alice’s hand.  “Dodger, here, was the one who told us about this place.”
“Brother Dodger has done well in his first couple of weeks here,” He informed Alice and Creed.
‘He’s still him,’ Alice telepathically told Creed.
‘Good,’ Creed said in a nod as he looked around.  “So, this place… it feels different.  It’s almost empty of emotion.”
“So you are perceptive,” The greeter told Creed.  “Here we try to purge emotion as a way of cleansing the soul.”
“Why?” Creed asked.  “Emotion is what makes us human.”
“Emotion is what destroys us,” The greeter firmly told Creed.  “It is what eats away at us.  It does us no good.  It kills us.  When we purge emotion we can gain immortality.”
‘Loose your soul is more like it,’ Alice thought to Creed.
Creed’s eyes darted around as he looked for some clue or sign about what to expect.  Dodger, noting this, touched Creed’s cheek with his bare hand.  Creed instantly knew what Dodger knew about the compound.  Creed started to assess the situation when he and Alice were guided to the welcome center.
Creed let his third eye just move on it’s own accord, scanning for things out of the usual while he took in all that was around him.  He was half listening to the conversations around him.  He and Alice were taken to a room to be given new clothes.  They were told to disrobe and then their new clothes would be presented to them by their new Leader.  The two were left alone to prepare.
‘Soul Eater,’ Creed thought to Alice.
‘Spirit Drinker,’ Thought Alice as she and Creed stripped.  A light came on in the room to announce the Leader’s arrival.
A young woman came into the room.  She was dressed in a simple dress, grey, with a black belt around her waist and black shoes.  She was beautiful by most standards.  She had in her arms to sets of clothing, one for Creed and the other Alice.
“I am the Leader,” She told them.  “I am the mother to all my children here.  You shall not need or want while you remain here.  Here we strive for simplicity and a way to free our selves of desires that bring about our mortality and suffering so that one day, we may all be immortal.”
“Immortal?” Creed asked.  “That sounds like punishment if you ask me.  Our bodies aren’t designed to live forever.  The eyes go blind, the joints weaken, the muscles loose strength, and the bones turn to dust.  You have a way to prevent all that from happening?” Creed asked.
“Surrender your emotions and you will be free,” The Leader told Creed.
“I am a man of logic,” Creed told her.  “I have studied many religions that claim similar things but none have come remotely close, some, in fact, age one worse.”
“I have figured out how to get the cells to stop breaking down,” The Leader told Creed.
“But some cells need to break down or they’ll damage the natural bodily functions that cell division is required for.” Creed told her.  “Injuries wouldn’t heal properly and the such.”
“Are you a doctor,” The Leader asked.
“I was in med school for some time before I ran a deli,” Creed told her.  It was a half truth.  He had studied how to heal people and physiology.
“Then perhaps you know of our research,” The Leader said with a smile.
“I’ve read your flyers,” Creed said.  “But I have yet to read anything that goes into detail.  Perhaps you would care to have a conversation about this at dinner?”
“You still doubt us?” the Leader said.
“Honey,” Alice said tugging at Creed’s arm.  “You said that you wouldn’t get all scientific about this sort of stuff.  You need to have faith in things other than science.”
“Your wife seems to have the right idea,” The Leader said as she handed clothes to Alice, but not Creed, not yet anyway.  She turned back to Creed.  “What religion were you before you became a man of science?”
“I never belonged to a church,” Creed said with a shrug.  “Never saw the point since few actually taught acceptance.”
“You are a man set in his jaded ways but you will learn,” The Leader assured Creed as she handed him his new clothes.  Alice was already dressed.

~

The rest of the day went by without so much as a hitch by most standards.  Creed still had yet to see any scientific proof that things were possible according to the Leader.  Things didn’t seem right, there was too much discourse.
‘Discourse,’ Creed thought to Alice.
‘Makes sense,’ Alice thought back as she looked around the dining hall.  “Hey, Dodger,” Alice said.  “I couldn’t help but notice that there aren’t any children around but several of these people have wedding rings on.  What’s up with that?”
“I’ll answer that,” The Leader said as she came over to the table where the three were.  “The children need to be educated separately from the rest of us.  Their minds are too fragile compared to ours so extra care goes into teaching them the right way.”
“Curious,” Creed said.
“You don’t act like any American that I’ve encountered.” The Leader commented about Creed.
“That’s because he isn’t,” Alice told the Leader.  “He’s English.”
“That accounts for a lot of your husband’s quirks,” The Leader told them.  “Tonight is the last night that you two can make love.”
“What?!” Creed gasped.  “Why?”
“Tomorrow you two will begin the purging process.” The Leader informed them.  “Sex will be pointless.”
“Not to me,” Creed said.  “Daily release is healthy.”
“You are a slave to your desires and that is a problem,” The Leader told Creed.  “You will learn self control.”
‘Self control is knowing your body and how it functions,’ Creed thought to himself.
“Agreed,” The Leader told Creed.  Creed raised an eyebrow.  “You see, my way, my path has opened up my mind and I have the ability to read surface thoughts of just about all peoples.  You and your wife, though, you two are quite difficult to read, though.”
“We should be,” Creed told her.  “Especially with the years of training we both have had.”
“You’re making your movie jokes,” Alice said as she nudged Creed.  Creed was nervous, hence the bad jokes.
“Leader,” Alice said firmly.  “Francisco and I are well in tuned with ourselves and we look a fair bit younger than we actually are.  We’re in our fifties and we look like we’re a fraction of that age.”  It was true.  Creed, Alice, and Dodger hadn’t aged in thirty years due to their powers.
“I think that she’s going to show us where the kids are, now,” Creed said as he focused all his energy into controlling the Leader.  The Leader stood up and motioned the two to follow.  They did.  The Leader took them to a small facility where the children were being held.  There were all sorts of supernatural methods that prevented the emotions from escaping the facility.  The most dominate emotions were fear and anger.  Creed dispelled all the barriers around the child facility with a simple gesture.  The emotions hit everyone like a ton of bricks.  The Leader stumbled for a moment but Creed and Alice were fine.
“What was that?” The Leader asked as she looked around, Creed’s control of her lost.  “Why are you two here?”
“You invited us here,” Creed told her, adjusting her memories of what was going on.  “You were just about to show us inside the facility.”  Alice was masking the Leader from the others’ emotions.  Creed looked around and saw too many horrors around him.  Creed quickly directed his anger at the Leader.  She passed into a coma, freeing everyone of her grasp.  Alice was quick to provide a calming sensation to everyone at the compound.  Dodger, who hadn’t joined them, was busy taking out the guard towers.  Five timed explosions signaled his completion.  Creed quickly brought everyone back to their senses, that they find their loved ones, and leave.  Alice, in the meantime, restored their emotional ranges.
“You two are going to feel like muck for the next few days,” Dodger said as he joined Creed and Alice, his pistol drawn.  He looked at the body of the Leader.  “Dead or just…” Dodger asked.
“Coma,” Creed said.  “However, I feel that that’s too easy for her crimes.”
“Unspeakable horrors,” Dodger said in agreement.
“What are we going to do?” Alice asked as she struggled to stand.  Creed flopped to the ground.
“I want to make her suffer and then I want to curl up in bed for like a week,” Creed said.
“You and me both brother,” Alice said as she snuggled with Creed.

~

Dodger set up the facility for a raid by the Feds.  The Leader was left in an obvious location with some questionable material laying around that would be sure to give her a life sentence.  The raid came and went.  Creed and company ended up returning to Creed’s home.


Chapter 5

Creed, Alice, and Dodger were just arriving at Creed’s home to find Rabbi Goldman sitting on the front porch, drinking a glass of lemonade, the lawn was freshly mowed.  Creed smiled at the Rabbi and waved salutations while Dodger paid the cabbie.  The three quickened their step to join the man.
“I thought that you might be back,” The Rabbi said.  “And Shalom.”
“Shalom,” Creed said with a nod.  “How goes things?”
“Things are going by well Francisco,” Goldman said with a warm smile.  “Emily has been praying for you at the Temple every day since you left.”
“She’s not Jewish,” Creed said with a puzzled look.
“Neither are you,” The Rabbi pointed out.  “That doesn’t stop you from coming to Temple.”
“Point taken,” Creed said with an approving nod.  “So, these are my siblings, Dodger and Alice.  Siblings, Rabbi Goldman.”
“Shalom,” Dodger and Alice said in unison with slight nods.
“Shalom,” The Rabbi said with a smile.  “You must be tired from your trip.  I shall leave you three to your devices.  Shall I ring Emily for you, Francisco?”
“Tomorrow,” Creed said with a nod.  “I am tired after a long trip.”
“Where are your bags?” The Rabbi asked.
“Everything was lost on the return flight,” Creed said as he yawned.  “Excuse me, Rabbi.  The three of us are just going to have a couple of snacks and crash.”
Dodger revealed a bag of red apples.
“It was nice to meet you but I must, uh, make use of the facilities sir,” Dodger said as he excused himself.
“Did you enjoy your holiday?” Goldman asked.
“Not really,” Creed said.  “Perhaps another holiday is in order.”
“Perhaps,” Goldman said warmly.  “Have a good evening.”

~

Creed, Dodger, and Alice were chilling in the hot tub in Creed’s bathroom when there was a ring at the door.  Creed got out and went to answer it.  He had only a towel on when he made it to the doorway.
“Hello,” Creed said as he opened the door.
“I thought… Frank!” Emily said as she realized that Creed was home and she flung her arms around him.  “When’d you get back?”
“About an hour ago,” Creed told her.  “I was just relaxing in the hot tub…”
“Let’s go,” Emily said as she started stripping her clothes.
“Wait,” Creed called out to her but she was already gone.
Emily screamed at the sight of Alice and Dodger, both naked in the hot tub.
“I told you to wait,” Creed said as he caught up with Emily.  “I was trying to tell you that my brother and sister are here.”
“Why are all of you naked together in a hot tub?” Emily demanded.
“That’s what we do,” Dodger told her point blank.
“I’m Alice,” Alice told Emily as she stood up, revealing her elf-like features to Emily.
“And I’m Dodger,” Dodger said, not standing up, but giving a friendly nod.  “Are you going to join us?”
“He’s rather blunt,” Alice said in an apologetic tone of voice.  “It takes some getting use to.”
“You must be rather shocked,” Creed told Emily.  “Come, let me get you drink, and some pants on, and we can talk.”
“What…” Emily said in shock still as Creed turned her around and guided her to his bedroom.  “What the hell is going on?”
“Those two are my siblings of sorts,” Creed explained as he slipped into a pair of jeans.  “We went to boarding school together and really bonded.  After a while, well, we needed some time apart.  Now we’re back together.”
“So you don’t have a thing for either of them?” Emily asked.
“We’re family,” Creed repeated.
“I saw how that girl looks at you,” Emily insisted.
“Alice is my sister,” Creed assured Emily.  “Dodger is my brother.  This sort of behavior is normal for us.  We are use to working out together, steaming and showering off, and dressing together.  Modesty, well, we have nothing to hide from each other.”
“Do you think that your brother might fancy me?” Emily asked.
“No,” Creed flatly told Emily.  “He’s gay.  He wouldn’t touch you in that manner.”
“And you being naked around him doesn’t bother you?” Emily asked.
“He’s my brother,” Creed said with a raised eyebrow.  “Why would I care if he’s gay or not?  To him I don’t count.  Just like Alice doesn’t count for me.”
“I don’t get you,” Emily said slowly.
“He’s more attracted to good wine than people!” Dodger called out with a roar of laughter.
“I can’t be read like one of my books,” Creed told her with a shrug.  “There’s a lot about me that you don’t know.  You don’t know me personally, really.”
“How come you didn’t want to have sex with me?” Emily asked.
“Because it doesn’t mean a thing to me,” Creed told her.  “If I do anything I want it to have a profound meaning.  I’m asexual so it wouldn’t have the same meaning for both of us.”  Creed locked eyes with Emily to ensure that she understood him.
“Frank,” She said slowly.  “I… I’m sorry for pressing the issue.”
“You’re welcome to spend the night if you desire or you may come back say, around eight o’clock in the morning.” Creed told Emily.
“I think that I’m going to…” Emily trailed off when Alice came into the room, wearing a towel.
“Stay,” Alice told Emily.  “You’re the reason why Frankie lives here, you know.  Get to know us a little.”
“Um,” Emily said slowly.  “It doesn’t bother you that I barged in unannounced and saw you?”
“If you have never seen a naked woman then I’d be shocked.” Alice said with a shrug.
“I hadn’t,” Emily admitted.  “I’ve never even seen porn.”
“What?” Creed said as he gave Emily a funny look.  “You’re that pure?”
“I don’t even…” Emily started.
“Sounds like you two need some… girl time together.” Creed said slowly.
“Or a good game of truth or dare,” Alice suggested.  Alice more than suggested, though, and Creed caught that.  Alice was calming Emily down and getting her poised to stay.
“We got plenty of supplies,” Creed said offhandedly.  “Why don’t you and Dodger get dressed and we can play this in the living room.” Creed said to Alice.  
“Sure,” Alice said with a devilish smile to Creed.
“This is going to be a fun evening,” Emily said as she checked the clock.  It was hardly passed eight.
Creed threw on a button-up shirt, leaving it unbuttoned.  His six-pack was displayed.  His torso was a little hairy.  A few scars could be seen along with his tattoo, a mark of protection over his heart.
“Yep,” Creed said.  “I don’t think that I can foresee how it will turn out.”
“No one’s psychic silly.” Emily said with a giggle, as if she were drunk.
“Keep telling yourself that,” Creed said as he lead the way to the living room.  Dodger was there with a pitcher of lord knows what and four filled glasses of same said concoction.  He was dressed in faded blue jeans, a brown belt, tattered, and a grey button up shirt, satin, with the sleeves rolled up and unbuttoned.  Like Creed, he had a tattoo over his heart.
“You two, really are brothers,” Emily said as she realized how alike the two guys were.  They dressed similarly and looked somewhat alike.
“I’m sure tonight will be a night of many firsts for you,” Dodger said as he handed a drink to Emily.  “Now let’s get ready to have a real party.”
“Are you really gay?” Emily asked.
“Last time I checked,” Dodger said with a chuckle.  “I know that I am not quite flaming but yes, I prefer the company of men.”
“Have you ever…” Emily asked.
“Had sex?” Dodger supplied.  “No.”
“We’re all virgins,” Alice said as she showed up.  She was dressed in a pair of Creed’s pajama pants and tank top.
“Really?” Emily asked.
“Yeah,” Alice said with a smile.  “None of us have had sex.  Not too shabby.  So, let’s get this party started.  Emily has already asked her questions so, I’ll ask one.  Frankie,” She said.  “Truth or dare?”
“Truth,” Creed said slowly.  
“If you could, would you kiss everyone in this room?” Alice asked.
“Since kiss is a general term,” Creed said.  “Then yes.  Em,” Creed went on, “Truth or dare?”
“Truth?” Emily said slowly.
“How old do you think that I am?” Creed asked.
“Early twenties,” Emily guessed.  A roar of laughter went up from Dodger.
“I’m fifty-three,” Creed admitted.
“Serious?” Emily asked.
“Yep,” Creed said with a nod.  “I’m fifty-three.”
“I’m fifty-seven,” Alice said.
“I’m fifty-nine,” Dodger said with a smile.  “But the real kick in the teeth is that we all still look like we’re in our twenties.  Gotta love being us.”
“Bullsquirt!” Emily said as she checked Creed’s identification card.  It confirmed his age alright.  “How the hell do you guys look younger than me?”
“Plenty of apples,” Dodger told her.
“Okay,” Emily said.  “Alice, truth or dare?”
“Truth,” Alice said.
“Have you ever wished that you could date Frank?” Emily asked.
“Taboo much,” Dodger said had he gave a hardy laugh.
“Funny story,” Alice told Emily.  “Before we knew that we were all related, we tried to date each other but nothing happened after we found out about our common blood.  But, you know, he’ll always be my Frankie, the boy who loved me.”
“I was thirteen at the time,” Creed said as he scratched the back of his head, chuckling at the memories of when he met his family.
“That was a funny time for all of us,” Dodger said as he took another drink.  “I was just coming out of the closet, too.  Frankie came up with that ridiculous nick-name, Sparkles, for me.  Yeah, fun times.”
“So, did you try to date Frank?” Emily asked.
“Sort of,” Dodger admitted.  “We three had become awesomely close friends and we wanted to see if we could become closer.  We were all orphans, really.  Alice’s parents and mine were murdered and Frankie came to naked in a field with no memories or family connections that he knew of at the time.  All he knew was his name.  Any who, we all met at this boarding school, Longwood, and we tried to go out on a strange date.  Those were the days of our innocence.” Dodger said with a grin, remember the good old days.
“My grandfather didn’t help much,” Creed said with a laugh.  “He had Dodge scared to the point of irregularity.  He wouldn’t touch me for like a month.”
“This isn’t making any sense,” Emily said as she took a sip of the highly intoxicating liquid.
“Let me try to explain it,” Alice suggested.  “We were all at the same boarding school.  Dodger and I already knew each other and then I meet Frankie and introduced him to Dodger.  We became close friends and thought that we could be closer so we all agreed to date each other.  Just the three of us.  We wanted to share our lives together.  On our first date, we were ambushed and nearly killed.  Frankie’s uncle, not grandfather, pointed out that we were all related, though quite distantly.  Our bonds still remained strong.  We all lived together for some time, nearly ten years.  Frankie wanted to write and he did and he started touring so much he was hardly home.  He purchased a house here and this became his new home.  We still stayed in contact, however, Frankie is fond of his peace.”
“And I attract trouble,” Dodger said as he raised his glass.
“What kind of trouble?” Emily asked.
“Nothing serious,” Dodger said with a grin.  “I’m only… well…”
“He’s Dodger,” Creed spoke up.  “He somehow always seems to avoid the worst that could happen.”
“What did you guys do for a living?” Emily asked.
“We were Rangers,” Alice told Emily.  “We were part of a special task force that prevented the spread of terrorism.”
“And you went from doing that to running a deli?” Emily asked Creed.
“A deli is far less dangerous,” Creed assured Emily.  Creed’s thoughts turned to that of Abe and he started to tear up a little.  “Did you ever find out for sure if that bitch was the one who actually did the crime?”
“It was related to the Klan,” Emily told Creed.  She had never heard Creed speak of a person with such discontent or malice.  “She was a part of the planning process though.”
“I know that look,” Dodger said quickly.  “You’re planning something…”
“Just planning,” Creed assured his brother.  “It would be suicide, I know.”
“It would be worse than suicide,” Dodger told him.
“Change of subject,” Alice said as she changed the mood of the room back to something friendly.  “So, have you ever been with a woman?” Alice asked Emily.
“No,” Emily responded.  “That’s a sin.”
“Ah,” Alice said.  “You must be nuts then to be interested in my little brother.  We’re the worst sort of people according to the bible, well, Old Testament anyway.”
“Worst breed of sinners because we were born different,” Creed mused.  “However, we try not to hold it against the humans for not being able to keep up with us.”
“I don’t get it,” A very drunk Emily said.
“I’m a werewolf,” Dodger told Emily.  “Alice is an elf, and Frankie here is a special kind of psychic called a Psyonic-vampire.  Given the unusual state of our beings we don’t age and can’t have kids.”
“You guys are silly,” Emily said as started to pass out.
“I’ll turn her down,” Creed said as he got up and carried her to a guest room.  He tucked the woman in, set a glass of water by her bed, a bucket as well, and turned on the light in the bathroom.  Creed smiled.  Emily would hardly remember in the morning but she would be accepting.
“Frankie,” Alice said when Creed came back into the living room.  “Where are Dodger and I going to sleep?”
“Anywhere,” Creed said.  “I have two couches, another guest room and my room,” Creed informed them.  “I think I’m going to my room for now to watch some television and pass out.”
“I need some fresh air,” Dodger told them.
“Or you need to feed?” Creed suggested.
“That too,” Dodger said.  “I’ll be back around three, if that is okay.”
“Use the side door.” Creed told Dodger.  “I keep that door shut with a pressure lock.  You just have to force it open.”
“I’ll be seeing you two then,” Dodger said with a toothy smile as he left.
“That just leaves us,” Alice said with a smile.  “Are we going to have a slumber party?”
“If you want,” Creed told her with a smile.  “I am your little play thing after all.”
“You haven’t been a play thing since you were seventeen,” Alice said in protest.
“Not since I reached physical adulthood,” Creed countered.  “So like fifteen years ago.”  Creed caught his breath for a moment.  “We can wash each other’s hair and have ice cream in bed while watching a cute chick flick.”  Creed suggested.
“Sounds like fun,” Alice said with a grin.

~

An hour later the two were in bathrobes, sitting on top of Creed’s bed, watching a movie so sweet that it was sure to cause diabetes.  Both were gushing over Bradley Cooper’s charm when Emily groggily came into Creed’s bedroom.  She looked surprised to see the two on the bed.
“Just having some girl time,” Creed told Emily.  “Care to join us?”
“How can a dude have girl time?” Emily demanded.
“I’m in touch with my feminine side,” Creed told her.  “Being me does have that advantage.  I thought that you’d be passed out until morning, myself.”
“I want to sleep with you,” Emily told Creed.
“Uh,” Creed said slowly.  “You’ve had quite a bit to drink.  I would be remiss in my morals to sleep with a highly intoxicated police officer.”
“I’m still sober enough,” Emily said as she went to support herself on the doorframe.
“I’m not comfortable with that,” Creed told her.  “I’ll take you back to your room,” Creed said as he took Emily by the arm and back to her guest room. 
“I’m fine,” Emily said as she stumbled along.
“You realize that you had something like twelve drinks,” Creed told her.
“I only had two,” Emily said holding up four fingers.
“When you wake up in the morning you’ll think you’ve had more,” Creed assured her.  He used his abilities to further along her weariness.  Emily let out another yawn.
“Seriously,” Emily said.  “Am I that wrong for you?”
“I’m not human,” Creed reminded her.  “It wouldn’t be fair for you.  Tomorrow, we’ll talk more about it.  Good night and sweet dreams.” Creed said as he tucked her in.  Alice was at the door.  She had a devilish grin on her face.  Creed saw that and smirked.  “Go ahead and do it,” Creed told her.
“What are you talking about?” Alice asked innocently.
“You want to manipulate her dreams,” Creed said with a chuckle.
“I’m going to make sure she has a dreamless sleep so what we did will seem like an odd dream to her,” Alice informed Creed.  Her eyes twinkled and it was done.  “And now for you, little brother,” Alice said as she grabbed Creed by the hand.  “We’re going back to bed.”
“How bad of a hangover?” Creed asked.
“What do you mean by that?” Alice asked as they stated back to the bedroom.
“How bad of a hangover do you think that she’ll have in the morning?” Creed said.
“I doubt that she’ll want to drink with us again,” Alice said with a smile.  “I know that wasn’t her first time drinking with you.”
“Pretty much the same thing happened,” Creed said with a chuckle.  “We got drunk and she tried to sleep with me then, too.”
“Why didn’t you?” Alice asked.
“She’s not right for me,” Creed admitted as they got back to his room.  “She… well, she’s human, that’s all.  She won’t live nearly as long as we will.”
“But are you in love with her?” Alice asked.
“I don’t love her as much as I do you or Dodger,” Creed honestly told his sister.  They made it back to the bedroom and continued the movie.
“How come we never hooked up?” Alice boldly asked her brother.
“I was waiting for you to make that move,” Creed told her.  “You know,” Creed said shaking his head.  “You’ve read my thoughts and I yours.  Neither of us just ever made a move.”
Creed was right.  They had always had a strange relationship.  Alice had always been a big sister figure for Creed who often encouraged him to be a bit girly and had frequently treated him more like a little sister than brother.  They would go as far as to discuss colors of lip gloss and what outfits were cute.
“I want to help you regain your powers,” Alice told Creed.  “If only for one night.”
“What are you planning?” Creed asked.
“I was thinking perhaps we could experience some of old times again,” Alice told Creed with a smile.  “Like when you would use your powers to make all sorts of bright colors appear and swirl around.”
“I have enough left to do that,” Creed said as he took Alice’s hand.  The two began to have an out of body experience.  They looked down at their bodies and began to rise.  Before they knew it they were soaring across the States, seeing the lit cities from the sky.  Creed looked upward and they began to zoom into space.  They saw wonders that the Hubble could do no justice to.  They then returned back to their bodies.
“That was amazing,” Alice said as she caught her breath.  “Thank you.  That was simply the best you’ve ever done.”
“If I didn’t know you two,” Dodger said as he came in.  “I would have guessed you two just had sex.”
“Just a little projection fun,” Creed told his brother and then passed out.

Chapter 6

It was a solid week before Creed awoke from his slumber.  Emily was by his side the entire time.  Emily had wanted Creed to go to the hospital but Alice and Dodger wouldn’t allow it.  The siblings had a strong distrust for human medicine, mostly because it hardly ever worked on them.
“You need to feed,” Dodger told Creed as he tried to help his brother sit up.
“Frankie,” Emily said with tears in her eyes.  “You’re awake.”
“With a massive headache,” Creed said.  “Water please.”  Emily handed Creed a nearby cup.  Creed drained the cup five times before he could sit up all the way.  “Thanks,” Creed said as he finished drinking for the moment.  “So, did I get the gold?” Creed asked weakly.  ‘Twas a sick joke between Dodger and he over who could stay in a coma longer.
“Bronze,” Dodger said with a shrug.  “You were out for seven days.”
“What?” Emily asked.  Dodger explained the twisted game to Emily, who proceeded to slap the werewolf on the arm and cuss at him for involving Creed in such a sick game.
“It’s not wise to make a werewolf angry,” Creed told Emily.
“Wait, wha?” Emily stammered.  “You’re joking, right?”
“He’s not,” Dodger said as he pointed to his razor sharp teeth and fingernails.  “I even have slightly pointed ears too.  Don’t worry: I don’t care for human very much.”
“You two are playing a sick joke, right?” Emily nervously asked.
“Nope,” Dodger said with a smile.  “How do you think that I caught that worm who stabbed you?  No human could have done what I did.”
“If he’s a werewolf then what are you?” Emily demanded of Creed.
“I’m a very weak demigod,” Creed told her.  “I can show you some amazing things when my powers return.”
“If you’re a god then why do you go to Temple?” Emily asked.
“Why would I worship myself?” Creed asked.  “Besides, I know my place in the universe.”  Creed did know of his own mortality however, he was a larger than life character for sure.  He knew that pride would only destroy him if given a chance.  “All beings should humble themselves before their maker.  Where’s Alice?” Creed asked.
“She went to go get some ingredients for whatever meal you want to eat first,” Dodger said as he stumbled over the words that he wanted to use.
“Oh,” Creed said, a little disappointed.  “Well, the first order of business is a shower.  Be a dear and help me get cleaned up,” Creed said to his brother.  Dodger helped Creed out of the bed and took him to the bathroom.  Emily followed them.
“Why do you just want him to help you?” Emily asked.
“Because he can pick me up if I fall,” Creed told Emily.  “His reflexes are superb.  I don’t think there’s another person out there with his reflexes.”
“He’s that good?” Emily asked.
“I’m better,” Dodger said.
“I still can’t believe that you guys are so different.” Emily said as Creed disrobed and sat down in the tub.  Dodger turned on the warm water and it sprinkled down upon Creed.  Dodger started to wash his brother.  “Why are you bathing him?” Emily asked.
“Because he needs it,” Dodger said as he rolled his eyes and scrubbed Creed’s back.  Creed was still worn out and his eyes were closed, like he was trying to nap.  “He’s been through a lot and waking up like he did might have been premature.  Either way, he needs to get cleaned up.”
“Would you have waited for him to wake up or would you have given him a sponge bath?” Emily asked.
“Alice would have done that,” Dodger said.  “I can be a bit rough and not know it.  Alice is more the caretaker anyway.”
Creed started moving and twisting about.  His joints were popping and cracking.  He yawned and it sounded like a beast.  His eyes blinked and he began looking around.
“This is refreshing,” Creed said as he closed his eyes.  “Thank you brother.”
“You’d do the same for me,” Dodger said warmly.
“I would have just electrocuted you,” Creed admitted.
“Like I said, you’d have done the same,” Dodger said with a chuckle.
“Is that another sick joke?” Emily asked.
“I recover with electricity and Frankie here recovers with water.” Dodger explained.
“I think that I’m good now,” Creed said as he started to wash his own hair.
“How’d you get those scars?” Emily asked Creed as she took note of how terrible his back looked.
“I’ve been through a lot,” Creed said.  “You didn’t think that those stories I wrote were all fiction, did you?”
Emily thought back to the stories that Creed had written.  The stories were of brutal wars and battles.  Very often the characters were tortured and maimed.  The gory details were graphic enough to make some people hurl.
“You… you’ve actually experienced those things?” Emily asked.
“Several times over,” Creed said.  “Keep in mind: those stories are a bit tamer than what actually happened.”
“I didn’t think that you did a good job describing my transformations,” Dodger said.
“I don’t think people want to know what happens to your junk,” Creed said with an ironic chuckle.
When Creed was done bathing, Dodger helped him up and got him dried off.  Creed got dressed into a pair of boxer shorts and went into the kitchen.  His strength was slowly returning and Dodger was right by him at all times.  Creed sat down at the table and began to eat a red apple.  Dodger sat right by him.
“Brother,” Dodger said slowly.  “You need to regain your powers.”
“I am not that important of a person anymore,” Creed said with a shrug.  “I am a writer.  That’s my life now.  I don’t think that I will be able to handle the stresses of my old life anymore.”
The front door opened.  Creed looked around the corner and saw Alice coming in with a single bag of groceries.  She quickly hurried over to the kitchen and smiled at Creed.
“Hey baby brother,” Alice said warmly.  “I’m going to make you a special brunch.” She said as she went to prepare the meal for Creed.
“Dare I ask?” Creed said.
“I call it the Universe of Delights,” Alice said with a smile.
The meal was being prepared and simple prattle was going on.  Emily realized that they were all for real.  She took note of the small things that made the three siblings stand out.  They all had slightly pointed ears, though Alice’s were the most pointy of the three’s.  They all had the same tattoo over their hearts.  They all acted with a level of regard for the others that most humans wouldn’t have done.  They were a people of rules.  Nothing was done without permission or direction.  Emily also realized that everything they said, they meant.  There were no falsehoods in their civil conversations.
“Why are you three living amongst humans?” Emily asked.
“My powers were greatly weakened,” Creed explained.  “Just about all my abilities related to combat were stripped of me by some other gods.  These two, however, they continue to have full use of their powers.  I wouldn’t be able to keep up with them on a regular basis.  I’m no where nearly as strong as either of them or as gifted at the moment.  So, I chose to leave their side, for fear of them being put in danger by my inaptitude.  I came here, wrote a few books on my adventures and the rest is history.”
“My parents were an odd combination,” Dodger said with a chuckle.  “My father was an elemental and my mother was one of the more respectable historians.  I was conceived out of lust and thus cursed to be a werewolf.  I can manipulate electricity.  That’s why Frankie came up with the nick-name ‘Sparkles’ for me.”
“Both my parents were elves,” Alice went on.  “They were trying to escape a terrible slaughter with me.  Only I survived.  If it wasn’t for Creed’s family then I would have been killed to.  They were the one’s that send all of us to the boarding school.”
“So you guys really aren’t siblings?” Emily asked.
“Our trials have made us brothers and sister,” Dodger told Emily.  “Our blood has all been spilled for the sake of the innocent and our valor tested.  The humans know little of us and we would like to keep it that way.
“People like us are dangerous, especially if threatened,” Dodger went on.  “We have a vast amount of potential that the humans cannot fully understand.  Their ignorance makes them fearful and thus violent towards us.  What we three use to do was protect humans from others like us.”
“What do you do now?” Emily asked.
“We work as paranormal investigators now,” Alice told Emily.  “Frankie is even an exorcist.”
“I don’t have the strength for that anymore,” Creed said defensively.  “I’m lucky to still be alive at the moment.”
“But you still have the talents,” Alice said.  “Plenty of humans are exorcists.”
“I didn’t think that stuff was real,” Emily said.
Creed choked on his juice.  He had a look of disbelief on his face.  He didn’t know if Emily was joking or serious.
“Please say that you’re joking,” Creed said as he quickly processed what Emily had just said.  Alice gave Creed a glance to know that Emily was truly convinced that possession was not real.  “I suppose I shouldn’t as shocked but still.” Creed said realizing that most humans did not believe in such things anymore.
“Humans are disconnected with how the world truly is brother,” Dodger said as he fixed himself a shot of whisky.  “They know nothing anymore and they revel in that fact and yet claim to understand all.  They are a blind species, incapable of seeing things for what they truly are.”
“Agreed,” Alice said.  “They don’t have any respect for the world in which they live.”
“How can you two say that?” Emily demanded.
“Easily,” Creed told her.  “It’s the truth.  Humans don’t give a damn about the balance of things.  They think themselves too important to be part of the living earth.  They don’t understand what it means to be anymore.”
“You three are all nuts,” Emily said.
“With respect none of us are human,” Creed told her.  “Granted, I am perhaps a little closer than they at the moment.  You cannot see the world through our eyes because you have allowed yourself to be blinded by what you call science.  The world has lost it’s wonder.”
“But,” Emily said.
“Frankie’s right,” Alice said.  “You humans have forgotten to be respectful of the world and to be in wonder of all the miracles around you.”
“What do you mean by all this?” Emily asked.
“Why does the sun rise?” Creed asked Emily.
“It doesn’t,” Emily told them.  “The earth is what moves.”
“Blind,” Dodger said.
“Helpless,” Alice said.  “You have a long way to go before you can truly understand us.  The sun rises because we fight for it to rise.”
“The sun would rise regardless,” Emily protested.
“It would be void of meaning though,” Creed said.  “You take it for granted.”  Creed said as he shook his head.  “Everything is causality.”
“I don’t understand,” Emily said.
“We are all interlinked,” Creed told her while still shaking his head.  He then continued in another language to his siblings.  “There is no way that she’ll understand how we see the world unless we say something cliché.”
“Not cliché,” Dodger responded in the same language and then turned to Emily.  “Try to look at the world through the eyes of a good Buddhist.”
“Zen Buddhists are perhaps the best of the humans for understanding our bond to the world,” Alice told Emily.
“This is a lot for her to try to understand in a single day,” Creed said in a warmer tone.  “Perhaps we will be able to continue this conversation later on.”
“I don’t want to be treated like a child,” Emily irately told the trio.
“Then listen but do not question us,” Creed said.  “This is the world of humans.  Our kind do not belong here.  We were driven away by unjustifiable hatreds.  You see, the origin of our peoples can be found in various traditions around the world.  Humans are, well, dumb in nature.  They lack any real knowledge of how things work.  Our people though, we were born with some knowledge that the humans were never to have such as alchemy, the root of most sciences including metal working, medicine, and glass making.  Humans were never to have had such knowledge.  So a flood came to destroy our kind, along with the wicked humans that learned these traits from us.  Our people scattered.  Some of our greatest ancestors you might know by different names, the names of gods long forgotten.  We tried to help out humans, most of anyway.  There were some, though, that demanded tribute, not for helping but for not destroying the humans.  Several wars were fought over this.  The Creator of All Things saw that some of us were good and others not so.  He took pity on the good and chose to do something for us.  We would never have a world that was purely ours but he made a congruent world for us, where our powers could flourish.  Occasionally some of our people make it back here.  Sometimes it was for peace, other times, it was for war.  We came back here to prevent any wars from happening.  That is our story in a nut shell.  Our people vary depending on the kinds of ancestors we have.  Dodger’s father was a lightning elemental.  My folks were extremely gifted psychics who could grow stronger if they absorbed the energies from others.  I have a cousin, somewhere, that is a stellar water elemental so that apparently is in my blood somewhere.  Alice, here, her family were healers, not just of people but of nature as well.  Humans call them elves.”

~

Creed realized that his lives would be conflicting soon.  He enjoyed Emily’s company, however, she still wanted something that he would not give her.  Creed, though, did not want to act too rashly.  He decided that he needed to have one more trip with his family before he would make up his mind about which life he wanted more.
Creed was very much so conflicted about getting his powers back.  It was a simple matter, really.  Either someone could offer a share of their life energies as tribute to him or he could suck the energies he needed out of a victim, willing or not.  He hated being grouped in with vampires however, that was really all he was, a glorified vampire that loved the sun and had a pulse.
Creed was cautious.  He knew that if he started to absorb the energies freely given off by others that he would become addicted.  Addiction would lead to blood drinking and blood drinking was becoming dangerous due to disease.
“I know how you feel,” Dodger said as he sat down on the porch next to his brother.  “I’ve seen that look before.  You are thinking about feeding, aren’t you?”
“I will need to feed if I am to go back,” Creed told his brother.
“So feed,” Dodger said.  “Not on me, though.  I’m not sure how that would affect you.  Alice wouldn’t hurt you though.  Her powers are similar to yours.”
Creed had thought about using Alice to boost his powers back to where they use to be.  He and Alice had talked about it before.  Alice knew that her powers wouldn’t change from Creed’s feeding.  Creed also knew that it would weaken her for a day or two.
“Talking about me?” Alice asked as she came out with three cups and some tea.
“Alice,” Creed said.  “I want to ask you about feeding.”
“No problem,” Alice said.  “Just don’t drain me too much.”
“Be safe you two,” Dodger said warning them.  “Feeding, is, well, dangerous.  Especially for people like us.  It can become something sexual, which releases even more energies.  Just don’t give in fully to your passions and you two will be fine.”
“Do you want the energies or blood?” Alice asked calmly.
“Energies,” Creed said sheepishly.
“No biggie,” Alice said with a smile.  “Let’s go in and get you fed.”
The two went into the kitchen.  Creed wanted to do this the least invasive way possible.  He took Alice’s hands in his and started drawing her energies into himself.  The energies were flowing nicely but Creed wanted more and he wanted it faster.  He made sure to lock eyes with Alice.
“Calm down,” Alice said.  “You’re getting a taste right now; you’re not eating a full steak.”  Creed was ready to go into a frenzy.  “You’re not going to eat me.” Alice said as she psychically pushed Creed away, knocking him to his senses.
“Sorry,” Creed said as he came back around.  “I don’t know what came over me.”
“You were hungry,” Alice said as she caught her breath.  “So, you think that you have enough to work with right now?”
“When we go hunting then I’ll have all that I need,” Creed said with a smile of dark desire.  Creed, in the past, had gathered his energies from vanquished foes.  How he desired the energies of the vanquished.  
“You need to calm down,” Alice told Creed.  “You aren’t ready to start fighting again.  Just wait another day or two and you’ll know how your abilities have reacted to my energies.”
“I’m sorry,” Creed said regaining control of himself.  “The feeding…”
“I know how you feel,” Alice assured her brother.  “You just need to remember to control your urges.”
“Are you going to grow fangs?” Dodger asked as he joined Alice and Creed.  “Those might become useful.”
“Alice doesn’t feed that way, neither do I,” Creed told his brother.
“You say that now,” Dodger said.  “Blood feeding is just so… satisfying.”
“I’m sure the deer just love you around here,” Creed said.


Chapter 7

It was a few hours before Creed was able to make use of and range his current abilities.  Creed’s natural abilities had returned in full.  In addition to his normal psychic abilities he also gained the ability to heal.  Dodger and Creed were in the kitchen discussing everything and nothing.
“This is remarkable,” Creed said as he readjusted to his powers.  “I feel like a million bucks again.”  His attention shifted to all possible futures.  “But this won’t last for very long… I’ll have to continue feeding for a while.”
“I see that you’re your old chipper self with a bit of a dark streak,” Dodger commented.  “Feeding does have its downside and I think you’ll grow to understand the need for blood.”
“Donor or victim?” Creed asked with a devilish smile.  “Who would care if bleed some lifer to death?”
“Their family, their daughter perhaps,” Dodger suggested.  “I know where you’re going with this but that dumb bitch wouldn’t do you any good.  Besides, you can still feed off of Alice for a while.  A pint of her blood and you’ll be set for about a year.”
“Where is Alice?” Creed asked.
“She’s asleep in your bed,” Dodger said.
“Oh,” Creed said.  “Well, I suppose I should phone Rabbi Goldman and tell him that we’re going on a needed holiday now that I’ve recovered.”
“What about Emily?” Dodger asked.
“She’s not one of us,” Creed said with a shrug.  “The trip would be a waste for her.”
“You could open her eyes,” Dodger suggested.  “It would be nice to have a cop on our side for a change.”
“She’d never see things our way though,” Creed protested.
“You can see probability but that only goes so far,” Dodger insisted.  “She’s still crazy about you.  We can use that to our advantage.”
“I don’t want to use anyone,” Creed said.
“You sure as hell used Alice to get your powers back,” Dodger pointed out.  “Everyone has some kind of angle, even if it is too small to be noticed.  We don’t belong in this world.  These humans have no respect for people like us nor will they understand us for what we are.  All they’ll see is us are monsters.  If Emily is on our side then, perhaps, we can have a human vouch for us as to not being terrible monsters when the time comes for us to actually do some real fighting here.”
“What do you mean by real fighting here?” Creed asked.
“There is a rift in the Nexus, the thing that separates our world from the world of the humans that have shunned our kind,” Dodger explained.  “The bloodshed will be unreal unless we can do something about it.”
“What?” Creed repeated.  “How?”
“It happened two days ago.” Dodger responded.  “There was this flux, this strange pulse of energy.  I had never felt anything like it before.  Neither did Alice, for that matter.  It was, well, terrifying really.  I had never felt something so empty before.  How can energy be empty?”
“It can’t be,” Creed said.  “Void energy cannot replicate itself.  It gets depleted too easily here… I know who it is.  It’s gotta be…”
“Don’t say that name,” Alice said as she came into the kitchen.  Her clothes were tattered and scorched.
“What the hell happened to you?” Dodger demanded.
“Exactly,” Alice said.  “Even the little demons here are starting to freak out.  Things aren’t getting any safer.  Soon elementals will start picking sides and then the others like us.”
“I think we know what side we’re on,” Creed told his sister.
“We’re ones protecting the innocent,” Dodger reminded her.  “There’s no other side to be on.”
“Agreed,” Alice said.  Her injuries were healing quickly.  “The others won’t like it very much though.”
“Together we can stop them,” Creed said.  “We just need to be properly outfitted.”
“Humans don’t know the first damn thing about weapons,” Dodger spat.  “We can make better weapons then they.”
“I have a few things that I’ve worked on,” Creed said as he took them to his office.  He started to remove books from his library and then a false back from the case.  Inside were a few small items that had been modified to suit their talents.  There were five watches that doubled as tracking devices.  There were also sets of contact lenses and self-tinting sunglasses that could be used for spying on and identifying the supernatural elements around them.
“These toys are just that,” Dodger said as he glanced them over.  “And besides, if I transform the lenses would be lost and the other things broken.”
“Not true,” Creed said with a grin.  “I took into account your transformation and I found a way to make sure those don’t broken.” Creed informed his brother as he handed a watch to Dodger.  “The cords on this are made of a substance similar to Kevlar in durability and stretchy like elastic.”
“I’m still not going to wear it,” Dodger told his brother.
“What if we need to quickly find you,” Creed asked.
“I’m a werewolf,” Dodger reminded Creed.  “I can track down damn near anything.  You and Alice both have remarkable honing skills due to your psychic abilities.”
“How about these?” Creed said as he revealed a jewelry box with several small gauged earrings in them.  “These can help us teleport without the use of portals.”
“How’d you make those?” Alice asked with interest.
“I took some of the old teleportation orbs and found a way to make them more substantial, reusable.” Creed explained.  
“Impressive,” Alice said.  Teleportation orbs were rare and almost impossible to replicate.  Each orb was the size of a small marble and could shatter like glass.  They also tended to be one-time use things.  “How’d you manage to make them?”
“Practice,” Creed said with a chuckle.  “I was lucky that I had a large enough supply to craft them.  I think that I might have ten orbs left now out of about one-hundred and fifty.”
“You used ten orbs per earring?” Dodger asked.  “Remarkable, and they’re actually stable?”
“And damn near unbreakable,” Creed said with a victorious grin.
“You have thought of everything, haven’t you,” Alice asked.
“That I have,” Creed said with a smile.  “Weapons, though, are a bit lacking.  These lands, are, well, not too supportive of such things.  The weapons need to be rather concealed.  Canes are still the best way to have small swords or stunning devices.  I prefer to use metallic knuckles and those are pretty much illegal everywhere.  I ended up repurposing some durable gloves to be as strong as a good set of knuckles.  I must say, Kevlar is my new favorite medium to work with.  It has a fair amount of durability but it is a pain to work with without telekinesis.”
“So you were using your fading powers here,” Alice said with a grin.
“Just a little here and there for these trinkets.” Creed admitted.  “I haven’t had much use for my talents here, just my unusual brains.”
“You’re lucky that zombies haven’t come for you yet,” Dodger said shaking his head.  “But then again, they might not like the taste of your brains.”
“Not all of us have duel powers,” Creed reminded his brother.
“What?” Alice said as she blinked.  “Did you just read some under laying thought and respond or what?”
“Weapons are for the weak,” Dodger responded in a harsh tone.  “We don’t need them.  Our powers alone are enough to make humans regret crossing us.  They know not the full extent of what we can do.  We have fear on our side.  All they need to see is a glimpse of what we can do and they will back down.”
“Fear is not our ally,” Creed told his brother.  “Fear serves no one but itself.  People do horrific acts out of fear and it normally ends up hurting everyone in the process.”
“But you use fear and logic to talk people out of fighting you,” Dodger pointed out.
“Talk is different than, say, flashing razor sharp teeth or claws,” Alice reminded Dodger.  “And besides, talking someone down is less dangerous than revealing one’s self as being something more than human.”
“I’m not afraid to own up to being different!” Dodger declared.  “I’m proud of the fact that I am a werewolf, that I am the son of powerful elemental, that I have inherited those powers, and that I am a homosexual.”
“And that’s why you’re Sparkles,” Creed said with a nod.  “Back to the main subject, what exactly will we be doing?”
“There’s been a problem with things in the Nexus coming over, exposing our kind,” Dodger began.  “Combine that with the source of Void energy and we’re pretty much screwed.”
“You’re going to need to start feeding on those that we defeat,” Alice told Creed.  “We need you to have your powers back in their prime.” 
“So you want me to be a vampire,” Creed said as he wrapped his mind around what was really being asked of him.  “I would have to make some drastic life changes…”
“You’ve already decided to rejoin us,” Alice pointed out.  “We need you to take this step.  If you choose to go back to being human-like then I can help you out with my magick.”
“If my powers become too much for me do what you both must,” Creed said bitterly.  His mind fell on the Void energy.  He was able to empathically sense the energies that disturbed his siblings so.  It was almost identical to what was at the cultist compound, just more intense.  “That thing that we’re going to deal with.  It’s a perversion of what life energy should be.  It doesn’t belong here in the least.  We won’t have the strength to drive it back in the least.  We’ll need help once the one shows up.  Until then, it will be a fight of attrition.  We just need to make sure that our kind either is against the Void or stays out of our way.”
“When I tried to talk to a few, I got torched,” Alice said displaying her clothes.  “They don’t want to fight and they think that the Void is going to be a safer bet than siding with us.  Everyone is scared.  The Void is powerful stuff, far more powerful than most of our kind.”
“Their powers are strong at first but they weaken quickly.” Creed pointed out.  “They only become weaker here, not stronger.  That is the cost that they pay for polluting our lands.”
“But right now they are a million times stronger than us,” Dodger barked.  “We don’t stand a chance ourselves.”
“We will just need to hold them off for a little while,” Creed calmly told his brother.  “Their powers won’t last long here, especially here.  If our powers are weakened being around these humans then just imagine what will happen to the ones from the Void.”
“We just need to find a way to get them to drain their own energies rapidly,” Alice told her brothers.  “We can’t drain their energies because it would destroy us.  All we have to do is survive a vicious onslaught.  If we are in our elements then we have the advantage.”
“Agreed,” Dodger said as he figured how much voltage he would need to survive.  “We’re only three people.” He said thinking about the scores of monsters that they’d have to fight.  “We cannot last very long, ten minutes perhaps.”
“Ten minutes is pushing it,” Alice said.
“We won’t have anything left,” Creed said with a grin.  “I think we can manage.”
“It’s a fine day to die,” Dodger agreed.
“Do you think the humans would even care?” Alice asked.
“No,” Creed said with a smile.  “Because they will never know.  That is our fate.  The humans think us the stuff of myth and legend.”
“It’s trivial,” Dodger said with a shrug.  “Who would care about us if they didn’t know about us?  But the sun will rise.”
The three discussed various plans of attack and defense.  Nothing was certain.  The plans of attack were almost null.  They were going to use a highly defensive style to force the Void users to over exert their powers and drain them quickly.  The healing factors of the trio could be boosted by their elements.  They chose to fight the Void dwellers in the Nexus where they could choose the environment.
The trio went to the Nexus.  The Nexus was a world not unlike Earth.  The only difference was that their abilities increased exponentially.  There was little that they couldn’t do.  Their first stop was the Citadel.
The Citadel was a wonderful sight.  It was a large city with a temple built in the center.  In that temple were two important halls.  The first hall was reserved for the Council.  The second hall was the High Council.  Creed went directly to the temple sanctuary.  He was stopped by a priest in dark robes.
“What do you want with this place?” The priest asked.
“I’ve come for the Blood Stone of Zerthos,” Creed told the priest.  “There’s a lot of filth about to hit the fans and I want to be able to keep it to the minimum.”
“You are not one of the usual feeders,” The priest said sizing up Creed.  “You don’t even look like a warrior.”
“Would you rather I be dressed in armor?” Creed asked.  “I am Francisco Creed.  Perhaps you’ve heard the name?”
“He lost his powers…” The priest said.  “And he was banished.”
“I’m back,” Creed told the priest.  “I’m not going to let those monsters take over.”
“Which monsters?” The priest asked.
“The ones from the Void,” Creed explained.  “They are going to unleash a war on our kind and on the humans.”
“The High Council will protect us,” The priest told Creed.  “There is no need for you to use the Blood Stone.”
“I need it to boost my powers,” Creed told the priest.  “I am going to help protect against the Void dwellers.”
“You weren’t worthy of your powers and now you seek to get them back?” The priest asked.  “You’re unbelievable.  Why should I let you?”
“Because he’s the only one who has stood up the Void Dwellers,” A figure garbed in a scarlet cloak told the priest.  “As a member of the Council I give him permission to restore his powers through the use of the Blood Stone of Zerthos.”
The priest and the Council member led Creed down into the crypt where the Blood Stone was kept.  The crypt was made of solid onyx and silver.  There was a fountain in the far end of the crypt.  In the fountain rested the Blood Stone of Zerthos.
Zerthos was an exorcist.  When he realized that some were merely cursed by circumstance rather than wrongdoing he became obsessed with finding a way to tame the afflicted vampires and werewolves.  He turned himself into the Blood Stone, a glowing red rock that would bleed to feed those afflicted so they would not need to feed on human blood.
Creed picked up the Blood Stone and thanked it.  He gave it a squeeze and it began to drip blood.  Creed drank the warm irony liquid until he could handle no more.
Creed eventually rejoined his siblings.  They looked at him.  His green eyes were streaked with red.  The Council member looked the trio over.
“You three need to be outfitted if you’re going to do any good,” The Council member warmly told them.
The Council member took them to his Hall where the rest of the Council converged.  All the Council members were garbed in the same scarlet cloaks.  The emoted looks of unease could easily be picked up on.  They led the way to a circular room.
“We have come to protect those who are unable to protect themselves from the onslaught of the Void Dwellers.” Creed told them.  “We are all willing to fight to the bitter end.”
“The world needs heroes and you three have stepped up,” The Council member with gold trimming told them.  “Thank you, all of you.  What do you three need of us?”
“Battle armor,” Dodger said.  “Something that can handle my transformation.”
“Something to enhance my healing and psychic abilities,” Alice told them.
“I would like to have a conversation with Death,” Creed told them.  “If you would be so kind to arrange that I would be thankful.”
A short hooded figure appeared before the trio.  He looked young under the cloak.  He looked Creed over and smirked.
“You must realize that I would like nothing more to collect your soul,” Death said in childlike voice to Creed.
“My death would be something you could revel in, however, there is a more pressing matter of the Void Dwellers invading the land of humans,” Creed told Death.  “As you are aware, there is the invasion coming.  I would like to help fight it off along with my siblings.”
“Those intruders are perverting my realms of control,” Death mused.  “I will let you three survive them as long as you three agree to fight them in earnest.  They cannot be allowed to pollute my realms with their filth.”
“Is there a way that we could weaken them further?” Alice asked.
“My pets could do it, however they would not distinguish the different between you or them,” Death told them.  “Besides, you demigods would be tasty treats to my pets.  None of you would survive them, the Bringers of Darkness.”
“Also known as the Destroyers of Peoples and Worlds,” Creed told his siblings.  “The Panthers.  Only those bathed in the White Light can stop those beasts.”
“Creed,” Death said with a smirk.  “Let me make a deal with you, alone.”  There was a wave of a boney hand and the two were left in a congruent space.  “I want you win this but you cannot do it in your current state.  Let me make you an offer.”
“I’m listening,” Creed said with interest.
“Suppose my pets were to help you out, listen to your commands for the upcoming war, what would you be willing to do for that?” Death tempted.
“Quite frankly, I would rather not be around those pets of yours,” Creed told Death.  “I know that they could make short work of the Void Dwellers though.”  Creed thought over his options.  Death was not one to make deals of this nature willingly.  “What’s in it for you?”
“You have the determination and ruthlessness that I admire so much,” Death said with a shrug.  “I want to see what you could do with some of my power at your disposal.  However, all power comes at a cost.  After you win, you’ll be stripped of your current body.  You’ll be given a new one, one of my choosing for you.”
“Will you at least take my requests for what the new body will be like?” Creed asked.
“Yes,” Death said with a smile.  “Think of this as a favor.  You’ll get a fresh start if you want it.”
“Will Dodger and Alice know me?” Creed asked.
“If you want them to,” Death said.
“Will I be young?” Creed asked.
“Very,” Death replied.
“How young?” Creed asked.
“No younger than ten but less than twenty,” Death told Creed.
“Any restrictions?” Creed asked.
“You’ll still have all your powers, just a different body, and no knowledge of how to use them.” Death assured Creed.
“You didn’t answer my question,” Creed told Death.
“You’ll be ageless,” Death told Creed.  “Think of it.  No one would suspect a child as being the greatest protector of Earth and it’s realms.  You are a fantastic creature, my friend.  I’m going to give you an edge, all you have to do is accept my terms.”
“Let me talk it over with my siblings,” Creed told Death.
“This is between us,” Death told Creed.
“Alright,” Creed said.  “I will fight for you and use your powers.  In exchange, Dodger and Alice don’t have to fight.  I will loose this body afterwards and will be given a new body, that of a child and I will have eternal youth along with all my powers.”
“Then it is agreed,” Death said as he transported them back to the others.
“There’s been a change of plans,” Creed told his siblings.  “I’ll be fighting the Void Dwellers.  You two won’t need to.”
“You made a deal?!” Dodger demanded.
“It will be worth it,” Creed said.  “You two won’t be put into harms way.”
“What are the costs?” Dodger asked.
“This body will be destroyed however,” Creed said silencing Dodger before he could protest.  “I will be brought back a child, with my powers in tact and have eternal youth.”
“What are the other stipulations?” Alice asked.
“That’s it,” Creed said.  “I just want to do one more thing before the slaughter happens.”  Creed took off his dog tags and focused his memories onto them.  He then handed them to Alice for safe keeping.


Chapter 8

A few hours later Creed was standing at the dimensional rip where the Void Dwellers would be coming from.  Creed looked around the mountain where the battle would take place.  The mossy rocky and thick growth of redwoods would soon be ravaged with the flash burns from all the energies that will be given off.
Creed knew well what was going to happen.  He was going to have to control several beasts that normally he would be trying to kill.  Creed took a breath and then another.  He was filled with Death’s energies.  A pale green glow came from Creed as several large winged panther beasts came to his assistance.  The Void Dwellers then arrived.  They looked like typical weight-lifters garbed in battle armor one would see in a modern movie about ancient times.
“Go back home,” Creed called out to them.  “Or you shall suffer the wrath of a god of death.”  The Void Dwellers laughed as they went on the attack.  Creed made a brief passing gesture with one hand and the Void Dwellers were aged and stressed horribly.  Their powers were gone.  More flooded into the realm and met up with the same fate.  The Bringers of Darkness pounced on the Void Dwellers and began devouring them whole.  Creed hardly had to lift a finger as his foes met their fate.
A powerful blast knocked Creed back.  His eyes became fixed on the source.  A large figure, top half ablaze, appeared in the portal.  Creed knew that creature and knew that he was out matched.  Creed closed his eyes and began to pray.  The large figure was repelled by another force, one greater than it.  Creed’s eyes could not bare to see greater force.  He was struck blind.  Creed screamed as his eyes melted away.  The Bringers of Darkness turned to smoke and vanished.  Then there was nothingness for Creed.

~

“Where am I?” Creed asked as he used his third eye to look around.  The last thing he remembered was seeing the oldest of the Ancients fighting.  He couldn’t remember anything after that.
“You’re dead,” A familiar voice told him.  “And you survived a vicious battle.”
“Paradox much?” Creed asked.  “How could I have survived and be dead at the same time?”
“Tell me of your body?” The familiar voice said.  Creed tried to touch his own skin but could not.
“Disembodied?” Creed said in near disbelief.
“Yes,” the familiar voice told him.  “It would appear that your former self was reaped.”
“So what now?” Creed asked.  “Is this the part where I just fade back into the Celestial?”
“Not yet,” The familiar voice told Creed.  “You will be brought back as per your agreement with Death.”
“Will I loose my memories?” Creed asked.
“For the time being,” the familiar voice informed Creed.  “You’re powers will be intact and when you touch your old dog tags then your memories will return.  I will not, however, let you return to your family.”
“Understandable,” Creed said.  “What will my name be?” Creed asked.
“There’s no telling,” The familiar voice told Creed in a nonchalant manner.  “Life is unpredictable as you well know.  I would, however, like to know why you chose to fight in the way that you did.”
“I didn’t want my family to risk their lives when I could shoulder the burden myself.”  Creed told the familiar voice.  “Besides, my powers… I was almost completely human.  I wouldn’t have been able to do much more good anyway.  I should have died years ago.”
“You’re still being spared.” The familiar voice told Creed.  “You get to go back and have another shot at life.  Perhaps this time you’ll figure out how to be content in life.”
“Who are you?” Creed asked.
“Someone who loves you,” The familiar voice told Creed.  “I’ll be seeing you around.”
Creed felt a jerking motion in his stomach.  He lurched forward and then was ripped back into the world of the living.


Chapter 9

Alice and Dodger were beside themselves with grief.  Creed had not returned.  Neither could locate their brother.  All crisis had been diverted but Creed was lost.  The Council figured that the loss of Creed was acceptable and just wrote him off.
Alice was in Creed’s study.  She was going over his autobiographical notes, searching for clues, something significant that would suggest what might have happened to him.  Creed’s personal journal was filled with entries going back to their school days.  Nothing, though, seemed to be a clue.  Alice was starting to get flustered.  Dodger entered the room, munching on a red apple.
“Creed’s spirit got reaped.” Dodger informed Alice.  “Normally that would be bad news but his soul was allowed to be reincarnated.”
“So he’s alive,” Alice said with a sigh of slight relief.
“In part,” Dodger said as he finished the apple.  “However, he will have no memory of us, of any of this.  Chances are he’s a lost child.  There’s no way to track him down unless he uses his powers and isn’t careful about it.”
“It could be another twenty years to find him,” Alice whined.
“We just have to be patient,” Dodger told his sister.  “Who knows, we might find him today or tomorrow, or the next day.  We cannot give up on him, just like he would never give up on us.”
“He did give up on us,” Alice bitterly told Dodger.  Dodger growled and flashed his sharpening teeth.
“He left us because he believed himself a threat to us,” Dodger reminded his sister forcefully.  “He figured that since he was so damn close to being human that he ought to live amongst them.  I would have done the same thing.”
“You couldn’t live as a human to save your life,” Alice told the werewolf.
“We all don’t have magickal pixie dust that helps us out when we’re in trouble.” Dodger told his sister.  “I can live as a human, not as a part of society, but I can live without my powers.”
“Without your healing abilities you would have died years ago,” Alice pointed out.  “I’m surprised you don’t get more cases of food poisoning each year with all the crap you eat.”
“I eat mostly deer and apples,” Dodger told his sister.  “Why are we fighting?  Frankie wouldn’t want us to behave like this.”
“I really miss him,” Alice said as she went over to hug her brother.
“I miss him too,” Dodger said as tears rolled down his eyes.  “He brought out the best in us, you know.”

~

Two months passed.  Dodger and Alice were still living in Creed’s old house.  Emily was a daily fixture and Rabbi Goldman a weekly one.  Dodger and Alice took turns searching for Creed.  Some days their hopes would get high while other days it was more dismal.
Dodger was smoking a stogie while sifting through several reports from various orphanages.  No one matching the criteria of the patterns of and for reincarnation had shown up.  Dodger thought that he was missing something.  Normally the reincarnated would show up as a child, usually naked, in some odd place, with total amnesia, speaking one of the old languages such as Greek, Arabic, or Chinese.
Alice had been following various energy trails and still lacked any results for anything or anyone out of the ordinary.  There were simply no viable trails to follow.
Alice, Dodger, and Emily were sitting down at a pizza parlor discussing possible locations that the reincarnation of Creed could be or trying to get to.  It then struck Emily.
“If all his memories are gone then he won’t know where to look per se,” She told them.  “He’d be looking for answers but he could very well be manipulated into falling into the wrong sort of crowd.”
A short, blonde haired, green-eyed young man approached the trio.  He was dressed like a beach bum: ragged shorts, flip-flops in good condition, and a well loved unbuttoned button up shirt.  Both his ears were pierced.  Over his heart was a familiar tattoo.
“I don’t make it back here often,” He told them.  “This isn’t my world to live in anymore.”  He said.  “You three are looking for all the wrong things, the wrong signs, and the wrong person.”  He told them.  “Would my cousin have been brought back without a trusted protector?  Who do you think would be watching out for him?”
“Who are you?” Emily asked.
“Just someone who loved Francisco more deeply than most could fathom,” The young man sharply told her.  “Oh, and he’s not in my neck of the woods either.”  He smiled warmly and turned to mist.
“Who the hell was that?” Emily asked the two.
“That would be Scott,” Dodger said with a smile.  “Or, what was Scott.  He’s a water elemental and a student of Kai Cho.  So, the Kais are watching over Frankie…”
“What’s a Kai?” Emily asked.
“They’re a step below full on gods.” Alice explained.  “They are capable of taking on both immortal and mortal forms at will.  They are responsible for protecting the world from the Oni, which are evil Ancients.”
“I’ll go talk to the Kais to find out where Frankie is,” Alice said.
“How can you?” Dodger asked.  “They don’t live in this dimension?  They live on a higher realm.  Do you know how to summon them, perhaps?”
“We can use Scott,” Alice said as she concentrated on the young elemental.  He reappeared, looking somewhat irritated.
“You guys need me for something,” Scott asked as he finished forming from the mist.
“We want to talk to the Kais,” Alice told him.  “We just want to find out where Frankie is.”
“…” Scott said.  “Are you daft?  Francisco is changed.  Even the Kais are having a hard time locating his reincarnation.  The only thing that I’ve noticed different on this rock is that there are a few Soul Reapers that seem to protect a kid that our powers cannot detect.  This kid is shrouded from our eyes, both physical and psychic.  Your best bet is to talk to Death if you want to find Francisco sooner than later.  I have nothing to offer Death, though.  He’s a greedy creature.  You’ll have to make him a damned good deal to get him to tell you about Francisco.  Or, perhaps, you might want to try to find the Vessel of Michael.  He hangs around France a fair bit.  Either way, you’ll have to either make a deal or prove yourselves worthy.  Both have heavy consequences my friends.  Neither way is quicker.  You either loose a life or a bit of power, or risk loosing your humanity or liberties.”
“You loved Frankie,” Alice told Scott.  “And you’ve known how to track him down and you haven’t done so yet?!”
“I’m not willing to pay either price.” Scott told them.  “I have my own problems to worry about.  Find something that was Francisco’s.  Perhaps you’ll be able to make a trade of it.  He once had a remarkable collection of armor and weapons.  I’m sure one of his gifted swords would do, perhaps his tomahawk that the previous Michael gave him.”
“What are you talking about?” Emily asked.
“Looks like I’ll be hanging around a while,” Scott said as he pulled up a chair and sat down.  He took a slice of pizza and began to eat.  “Don’t get food like this very often anymore.”  Scott said as he took a bite.  “Tastes… different than what I remember.”  Scott swallowed and then went on to explain things with Emily.  “You’re a human, right?” Scott asked.
“Yes,” Emily said with a bit of ire in her tone.
“And you fell in love with someone that was seemingly perfect, almost magickal, and he didn’t seem to notice, right?” Scott went on.  “What’s more, he seemed to be remarkably intelligent and gifted when it comes to all sorts of law, right?”  Emily nodded.  “Didn’t it strike you as odd that someone like that, someone so perfect and detached, would be living in this town?”
“I just thought that he was a kind businessman who ran for town council,” Emily told Scott.  “Who wanted to be a writer.”
“That sense of safety that surrounded him, too,” Scott asked.
“Things seemed to be all the more calm around him, like he was in almost complete control,” Emily went on.
“That’s because he was a remarkably focused individual,” Scott explained.  “No doubt, you’ve heard the stories about him.  He was an honorable warrior to our kind,” Scott said motioning towards Alice and Dodger.  “But he was not without his flaws.  Our bloods are cursed.  After a long string of events both he and I fell in love with each other.  He has that effect on people.  I know how you’re feeling.  Francisco is… was a stunning individual and a good friend.”
“Then what were his vices?” Emily asked.
“He was… he was seldom content,” Scott told her.  “He had the weight of the world on his shoulders, even when he lost his fighting powers.  He could never accept himself.  His nightmares haunted him relentlessly.  One night he was thrashing around so much he actually hurt me.  Don’t think he forgave himself for that.”
“You two slept together?” Emily asked in shock.
“We dated for several years,” Scott informed her.
“So he was gay?” Emily asked.
“No,” Scott said with a raised eyebrow.  “He was bisexual, well asexual depending on how you want to split hairs, but it was a passion of duty and loyalty, not really a sexual relationship.  Most of our kind are bisexual.  But that is neither here nor there.  He’s seen things and done things, terrible things.  That’s why he was so hard on himself.”  Scott finished his pizza and looked at Dodger and Alice.  “Finding his reincarnation won’t be easy.  Michael might be willing to help out.  The tomahawk, trade it for the information that you need.”
“It takes an elemental to touch that,” Dodger said.
“You’re a lightning elemental,” Scott said point blank.  “And that element is also lighting.  You should be able to handle it without much problem.”
“I don’t know where he kept most of his weapons,” Dodger said.  “He normally would summon them to his aide.”
“You really don’t know your brother?” Scott said.  “Where were his favorite places to be?  Perhaps subconsciously he would have tried to go there.”
“I doubt that,” Dodger said.  “Being a person of reason, I have my suspicions that he would not based on the fact that he will retain no memories.  For all he knows, he’s just a regular kid.”
“Good thinking,” Scott said as he helped himself to another slice.  “Don’t get food like this hardly anymore.” Scott said as he took a large bite.  “We cannot locate him on our own,” Scott flatly told them.  “We just have to wait, or you could trade the tomahawk to Michael for the location.”
“Scott,” Alice said firmly.  “We don’t know where to find Frankie’s old weapons.”
“You guys use to live and… I’ll take you to the armory.” Scott said giving up.  “However, I am running low on teleportation orbs.”
“Here,” Alice said as she handed a small box to Scott.  Scott opened it up and revealed a set of earrings that Creed had crafted.  “Frankie made a few sets of them.  You can have these.”
“Thanks,” Scott said as he removed the ball baring and forced the left one in.  He snapped the earring shut and proceeded to do the other one.  “I’m sure that these will be awesome tools.  Francisco was a talented inventor.  I’m sure he left some clues in his office in regards to his other stashes.  Like any well trained soldier he would have made sure that he had more than one cache.”
Everyone nodded in agreement.
“We’re going to need to be able to get a hold of you and you us if we are going to have any luck,” Dodger said, almost in a tone of defeat.  “When we get back to the house I get you one of Frankie’s tracking watches.”
“I already have one,” Scott said revealing his left wrist.  “It’s waterproofed.”  He looked around the table as saw a bunch of confused expressions.  “Just because we broke up doesn’t mean that we stopped being friends.  Francisco wanted me to be able to get a hold of him if I were in any serious trouble so he gave me one of his watches and the trident.”
“What trident?” Alice and Dodger said in unison.
“You two seriously…” Scott said slowly as he kept reminding himself that they had not known Creed like he did nor for as long.  Scott knew Creed before he was called Francisco.  “You never went to the Nexus with him?  There were three places he called home.  Chances are he left the tomahawk at one of those locations.  I’ve just got know something, I’ve known Francisco back when he was Alex near some one-hundred and seventy years ago.  How long have you known him?”
“About fifty years,” Dodger responded.
“I just needed to know that,” Scott said.  “In just about every life he’s the same: willing to sacrifice everything for the sake of the ones that he loves…” Scott’s thoughts trailed off.  “What year is it?”
“Two-thousand,” Alice said with a puzzled look.
A stream of profanity not heard on Earth since the invention of language erupted from Scott.  “What month?”
“March, it’s March second,” Alice told Scott.
“He’s in a Catholic School going through hell right now,” Scott told them.  “Alice, you come with me, Dodger, you and Emily follow suit but come guised as cops.”
“What’s going on?” Emily asked.
“He’s goes through the same kind of hellish things every time he’s reincarnated,” Scott explained.  “We have to get to him before he goes off, tries to commit suicide, or becomes a shatter husk.”  Scott grabbed Alice by the wrist and the two vanished into a mist.



Chapter 10

Scott and Alice arrived at a Catholic school in a metropolitan city.  Scott had been there for Creed through three different reincarnations.  It was always the same place, the same hellish school.
Scott looked himself and Alice over.  His eyes flashed and they were garbed in semi-formalwear.  Scott smirked at Alice as they walked up the front stairway into the school.
“How’d you do that?” Alice asked.
“I live amongst the most powerful avatars in world,” Scott told her.  “I’ve learned a few magick tricks from them.”  Scott looked at the brown-stoned school.  “I hate this place.  Ten-to-one odds that the disciplinarian dean is a bitch to us when I start asking the questions.”
“What’s our cover?” Alice asked.
“Just let me do the talking,” Scott told her.  “You are an empath, right?  You can make sure that she’s telling the truth.”
“So you’re going to do this by the seat of your pants then?” Alice asked.
“Pretty much,” Scott said as he opened the front doors to the building.  Alice entered then he did.  Scott hung a left and went straight for the Dean’s office.  Scott saw the banners for the ‘Blue Ribbon School of Excellence’ and scoffed.
“May I help you?” A nun at the front office asked.
“I’m with the Creed Foundation,” Scott said in vague introduction.  “We were informed that there is a remarkable orphan attending your school here.  I wish to talk to your Dean about it.”
“What exactly does the Creed Foundation do?” The nun asked.
“We take in orphans who show remarkable talent and set them with various scholarships and grants.” Scott said as he reached into his jacket pocket and pulled out a pamphlet and handed it to her.
“This is incredible,” The nun said as she paged the Dean.  “There are two people with the Creed Foundation that wish to speak with you about one of our students.”
“Send them in,” The Dean said over the speakerphone.
Scott and Alice walked into the Dean’s simple office.  Scott, who wasn’t empathic, could tell that there had been a fair amount of emotional turmoil nearby.  Alice gave a slight shudder.
“I’m Scott Creed,” Scott told the Dean, who was an older nun.  “I’m here from the Creed Foundation.  We’re an organization that helps orphans by supplying them with various scholarships and grants.” Scott said as he handed a pamphlet to the Dean.  “We were informed of an orphan that attends your school.”
“There’s only one orphan here but I doubt that she’s what you really need,” The Dean told Scott.
“Why do you say that?” Scott asked in an offended tone.  “I suppose we’ll just have to take our money elsewhere.” Scott told Alice.
“I didn’t mean any offense but you haven’t met the girl,” The Dean said.  “She’s a bit troubled, said that she’s being bothered by the star baseball player but his friends say he’s doing nothing wrong.”
“We would like to meet her,” Scott told the Dean.
It was two minutes before the girl arrived in the Dean’s office.  She was about five foot two, had medium length brown hair, and light green eyes.  Her skin was almost like milk.  Scott and Alice gasped when they saw her.
“I’m Scott Creed and this is my associate Alice Darter,” Scott told the girl.  “We’re from the Creed Foundation.  We help orphans by providing a financial backbone for them.  I just have a few quick questions for you to answer if that is alright with you?”
“That’s fine,” The girl said nervously.
“I was just wondering where you are from,” Scott started.  The girl had a blank look upon her face.
“I see,” Scott said with a smile.  “Tell me then, how many languages do you speak?”
“English, German, and Japanese” The girl responded.
“Very good,” Scott said in German with a continuing smile. He chose to continue in German.  “I’m looking for someone who is different, someone who is remarkably gifted.”
“How so?” The girl asked in German.
“Do you have any memories from before you were here?” Scott asked.
“None,” The girl replied.  “I don’t remember a thing.  I woke up in a strange hospital and then I was enrolled here.”
“I’ve been looking for someone like you,” Scott told her.  “Now, there’s one thing I’d like to do just to make sure you are the one,” Scott told her.  “My friend here has a set of dogtags that we would like you to touch if you would.  If you are who I think you are, then your memories will return.”
“If not?” The girl asked.
“Then I’ll get you out of this hellhole and into a real boarding school for the gifted,” Scott offered.  “You’re better than this place.”
“Thank you,” The girl said as she looked over to Alice.
“Alice,” Scott said to elf.
“Okay,” Alice said as she took out the dog tags and handed them to the girl.  “Do these seem to jog your memories?”
The girl’s eyes developed dark green and gold tints as Creed’s memories started to come back.  Creed looked around, as if seeing for the first time.  Creed sighed and looked at the Dean.
“They’re offering me a fresh start away from the abusive jocks,” Creed told the Dean with a smile.  “They want me.”
“You’re a ward of the state,” The Dean said.  “You’re suppose to be here, the courts ordered it.”
“I don’t feel safe here,” Creed assured the Dean.  “Those creeps on the baseball team are pigs and monsters.  As long as they’re here, I’m not safe.  If you don’t do anything about them, then what falls upon them is what they deserve.”
“Bold statement,” Alice said.  “She means it.” Alice turned towards the Dean.  “If she is attacked or threatened by the bullies and reacts, then she’s not accountable since she has reported her problems to you.”
The Dean was taken back by Alice’s comments.  She looked flustered and insulted.  She wanted to speak against Alice and picked her words carefully.
“Young lady,” She said to Alice.
“I’m in my fifties,” Alice said cutting her off.  “I’ve worked in education for several years and I know that problems like these are best to be address as soon as possible.  If she fights back and there is serious bodily harm, either to her or to them, then you are accountable since you have had prior knowledge of her complaint.”

~

Scott and Alice were waiting outside the school for Creed.  Neither Alice nor Scott talked about the gender change.  Scott was smoking a cigarette, looking down on the ground.  There was a ruckus and large explosion from a transformer that was running over the courtyard.
“What was that?” Alice asked.
“Creed got pissed off,” Scott said as he took another drag and headed over towards the commotion.  Alice was following closely.  They walked up on the mess.  Several power lines had snapped and five students, all male, were dead.  Creed was overlooking the bodies and had a face of pure malcontent for them.
“Fix her,” Scott told Alice as he looked at the bodies.  “They might have deserved this, however, not today.” Scott said as he looked auras around the bodies.  The souls had not departed yet.  Scott forced the souls back into the bodies.  “If it’s of any consequence,” Scott told Creed.  “They all crapped themselves when they got fried.  Let’s go out for some cokes, ice cream, or pizza or whatever.”
“Where are you three going?” The Dean called out as she rushed over to the site.
“We don’t want to contaminate the area so we’re leaving,” Scott told the Dean.
“What are you two doing back here?” The Dean demanded.
“The arrangements have been made us to take custody orphan,” Alice said handing over some official papers to the Dean.  “She’s going to be coming with us.  We had wanted to get her transcripts however, I’m sure your offices will be busy with this.” Alice said pointing to the mess.
Dodger and Emily causally came over.  Scott had sent them the go ahead to be at the school around this time.  They were both dressed in tactical gear.  Dodger made a quick assessment of the situation as the Fire Department began to arrive.
“It looks like there was a huge problem,” Dodger said aloud as he went to talk to the Dean.  “Why would your school have such faulty equipment like this?” Dodger said pointing to the rusted brackets that the transformer was on.
Alice, Scott and the reincarnated Creed were all debating when, if, and how to make their escape.  The Dean spoke up.
“I don’t think that this was an accident,” The Dean told Dodger.
“Are you suggesting that one of your students then was able to shimmy up a utility pole, in dress shoes, and blow up a transformer without so much as a scratch?” Dodger asked.  The Fire Department and medics were examining the boys that had been struck.  They all had nasty electrical burns.
“These were the boys that where allegedly giving her a hard time,” The Dean said quickly, pointing to the reincarnation of Creed.
“It would appear to me, then, that you did little to keep her safe from the boys if there were five of them and one of her out here when this happened.” Dodger told the Dean.  “Of course, that would then imply that you do not take the safety of individual students seriously.  If that were the case then an ethics committee could be called in to evaluate the situation of the girl’s safety and you standings within the confines of the school system.”


Chapter 11

Alice, the reincarnation of Creed, Dodger, Emily, and Scott were at a pizza parlor three states over from where the newly reincarnated Creed was picked up from.  Alice had used her psychic abilities to take care of the Dean via an onset of old-timers.  She then pacified everyone so they could make their escape.
“What do we call you?” Scott asked the reincarnation of Creed.
“Um,” the girl said.  “My name is Cha-Kun.”
“Cha-Kun Creed,” Scott said with a smile.  “It has a nice ring to it.  Welcome back to the land of the, whatever we are.” 
“So,” Cha-Kun said.  “What happened?  I touched those tags and I began to remember stuff, like it was a funny dream.”
“You’re the reincarnation of Francisco Creed,” Scott told Cha-Kun.  “If you can believe that.”
“I can,” Cha-Kun said.  “So, you guys are my family now?”
“Sort of,” Scott said.  “We’re the closest any of us has for family.  Emily is human, the rest of us are talented, like you.”
“How did I know all of you?” Cha-Kun asked.
“I’m Scott Creed,” Scott told her.  “I am a water elemental, it runs in our family bloodline.  I am also a Guardian, a kind of protector with a few extra powers, such as the ability to create clothing and battle armor for myself and others when needed.  We were cousins, great friends, and lovers, when I first knew you.  After you got reincarnated as Francisco we kind of drifted apart.  You weren’t the same person, just like you’re not Francisco.”
“I wanted to date Frank,” Emily offered.  “He was a sci-fi writer that I had feelings for.  We both loved the town we lived in.  He was a politician, in addition to his writing, and I am a police officer.”
“I’m Dodger Darter,” Dodger told Cha-Kun.  “I am both a werewolf and a lightning elemental.  I was Frankie’s adopted older brother.”
“I’m Alice Darter,” Alice told Cha-Kun.  “I’m an elf with remarkable psychic abilities.  I was Frankie’s adopted older sister.  Dodger, Frankie, and I went to the same boarding school together.  We became a family, us the three orphans.”
“So tell us about yourself,” Scott went on.
“My name is Cha-Kun,” Cha-Kun told them.  “I was found naked in a park without any memories, speaking only Japanese.  I learned English rather quickly.  I was a ward of the state until you guys got me.  I’ve been having weird dreams, violent dreams that make little sense.  I can do lots of odd stuff with my mind and I tend to know things before they happen.”
“How did the transformer blow?” Scott asked.
“I caused the electricity to arc out to get the thugs,” Cha-Kun told them, almost with the sound of shame in her voice.
“Impressive,” Dodger said.  “It took me a long time to be able to do anything like that.  When I was your age I had trouble getting a light bulb to explode.”
“You’re not upset?” Cha-Kun asked.
“No,” Scott said.  “But you should try to avoid killing humans.  They’re really nothing more that dumb beasts,” Scott told her as he turned to Emily.  “Present company excluded.”
“Scott,” Emily said in a firm tone.  “I don’t know much about you but are you that jaded that you hate humans?”
“You don’t know the first thing about what it’s like to be a Guardian or a Protector,” Scott firmly told her.  “You are a police officer who deals with petty crime in a small town.  You haven’t seen the horrors of wars, the ruthlessness of desperation, and the depravity of sadists.  Now, imagine those traits and give them to evil people with powers.  That’s what I deal with.  And they attract the most evil of peoples.”
“You…” Cha-Kun said slowly to Scott.  “You’re doing what I use to do, right?”
“I do,” Scott told her.  “Now, the question is, what do you want to do with your life?  Do you want to try living as a human or do you wish to train up to make a real difference?”
“I need to train up,” Cha-Kun nervously told them.  “I have these powers for an obvious reason.  I won’t be like Francisco, however, I intend to do my best to make you guys proud of me.”
“You’re alive,” Dodger told Cha-Kun.  “That’s reason enough for us to be proud of you.”
“Where do you want to live?” Alice asked.
“With you four,” Cha-Kun told them.
“I live in the Nexus,” Scott told her with a chuckle.  “I fight to protect not only this world but others as well.”
“We have Frankie’s old house,” Dodger said suggesting that they continue to live in their brother’s house.  “It would go to waste otherwise.”
“Sounds like a plan,” Alice said looking at her brother then at Cha-Kun.  “But I don’t know the first thing about living with humans.”
“I’ll help raise her,” Emily told them.  “I know what it’s like to be a girl going to school and all that.”
“We’re home schooling,” Alice quickly told Emily.
“There’s no way an emotional whatever she is, is going to be in a stressful public setting without one of us nearby.” Dodger told Emily.
“Then perhaps one of you should get a job working at the school,” Emily suggested.
“I wouldn’t last a day,” Dodger said.  “How about you, Ali?”
“There’s nothing that I’m qualified to do.” Alice told them.
“You’re a psychologist,” Dodger told his sister.  “You could be a school shrink or something like that.”
“I understand human thought processes, not human life,” Alice admitted.
“I can’t believe you two,” Scott said.  “I was born in this human world and I know for a fact that humans are hardly different from us in just about all aspects, sans the powers.  Just take the powers out of the equation and you two will fit in just fine.”
“What about my need to feed?” Dodger asked.
“Zerthos,” Scott told him.  “Now, quit your whining and take care of the child.”
“Yes my lord,” Dodger said quietly.
“That was harsh,” Emily told Scott.
“I’ve been away from my post for two days,” Scott told them.  “I’m going back home where I belong.”  Scott leaned back in his chair and turned to vapor, returning to the Nexus.
“You’d think he’d be happy,” Emily said slowly.
“He has the weight of the world on his shoulders,” Alice told them.  “He took a big risk in helping us find Cha-Kun here.”
“You guys don’t know what I’ve been through,” Cha-Kun told them.  “I need to ask you guys something.  Was Francisco a monster?”
“Monster, yes, king of all the jerks, no,” Dodger told Cha-Kun.  “He was no worse than any of us.  He was a kind and loving person, ruthless in combat.  He had to be, we all have to be.”
“Was he a hero?” Cha-Kun asked.
“The memories are still hazy?” Alice asked as she reached for Cha-Kun’s hand.  Cha-Kun put her hand in Alice’s.  “Let me help you.” Alice said as she furthered along Cha-Kun’s memories from the dog tags.  Cha-Kun’s eyes started to become more emerald and gold.  Cha-Kun shook her head as the memories recovered.  Cha-Kun looked herself over quickly.  “I haven’t been female in some time,” Cha-kun said.  “Not according to the memories, anyway, not since the fifteen-hundreds.”
“How old was Frank?” Emily asked.
“He, I, whatever we are, has been around for about three-thousand years.” Cha-Kun told them.  “This is my ninth reincarnation.”
“What does that mean?” Emily asked.
“That means that the potential is limitless,” Dodger informed the human.  “That also means that someone will have to die if she dies and we want her back.”
“We do have nine lives,” Cha-Kun said with a grim smile.  That was a sick joke, to say the least.  Their kind were cursed, impossible of damnation or salvation, used as tools for war on both sides.  The Nexus was the closest they had to a land of their own.  “However, eternal youth is a pain in the butt.”
“Eternal youth?” Emily asked.
“Dodger and Alice are in their fifties,” Cha-Kun reminded Emily.  “They hardly look like they are in their twenties.”  Something caught Cha-Kun’s then Alice’s attention.  Someone was about to reveal their powers, a kid.  Cha-Kun looked over at a booth on the other side of a pizza joint.  A kid with long multi-colored hair was getting yelled at by a drunken parent.  “Dodger, go over there and try to defuse the parent, Alice, the child.”  The two siblings went to do their jobs, leaving Cha-Kun with Emily for a moment.
“Why are they taking orders from you?” Emily asked.
“I retain Francisco’s memories and powers,” Cha-Kun informed Emily.  “However, I am not fully situated in this body yet.  I don’t know my limits and as such, I am in no condition to do that kind of work yet.  It will take a little while until I can resolve situations like that by myself.  Look.” Cha-Kun directed as Dodger made his move.
Dodger came up the drunken parent, a father, who was giving his emo child a hard time.  Several degrading terms were used.  Dodger’s sharpened teeth were aching for a reason as were his growing fingernails, which were as hard as steal.
“Sir,” Dodger said irately.  “I could hear your filth from across the room.  Have some dignity and be civil.”  The drunken father went to swing at Dodger.  Dodger stepped to the side, avoiding the sloppy blow.  Dodger kicked the man’s ankle, causing him to fall down.  Dodger pivoted until he was facing the fallen drunk.  His hands were at his side, poised to slash if need be.  The emo kid could clearly see that Dodger was something more than human.
Alice was ten feet away from the fallen drunk.  She was doing her best to get him to sleep.  It was working, but for some reason, the man had a stronger resistance to her powers than most.  She diverted her attention to help the emo kid feel more peace when around their little group of misfits.  
“Ali,” Dodger said as he walked over to the drunkard and pinched a nerve near his neck.  “This works, too, you know?” Dodger told his sister as he picked up the now knocked out man and tossed him roughly into the booth across from the kid.  Dodger then spoke to the kid.  “No one should have to put up with that kind abuse, kid.  There’s a girl over there,” Dodger said pointing to Cha-Kun.  “You should have a talk with her.  Perhaps you’ll come to a conclusion about what you want.”
“You have lycanthropy,” The emo kid told Dodger.
Dodger was taken by surprise.  No one in his circles called it that.  This kid had been educated in the occult.  Dodger, though, couldn’t tell if the kid was either a boy or a girl yet.
“I prefer to be called a Shifter,” Dodger told the kid.  “Or a werewolf, though, Shifter is more correct since I can control all aspects of my transformations.  Like I said, that girl over there.  Go talk to her.  I’ll keep your dear old dad company.” Dodger said with a toothy smile, showing off his razor sharp teeth to the kid.
The emo kid was wearing tight skinny jeans, Converse shoes with bright neon laces, and a hoodie featuring some cartoon characters.  The kid’s hair was dyed while, black, and red.  The kid slowly made it passed Alice and then over to the table where Cha-Kun was.  The kid sat down.
“Sammy,” Cha-Kun said with a smile.  “It’s nice to meet you.  You’re a psychic and also an amateur magic user.  Your third eye gave it away.”
“What are you people?” Sammy asked.
“I’m Cha-Kun, the reincarnation of a Guardian,” Cha-Kun said with a nod of the head.  “You’ve met Dodger, and Alice.  This is Emily.”
“I’m still working on that one,” Emily told Sammy.  “I’m not like them.  I’m just along for the ride.  My day job is being a police officer.”
“You have some talents that can be trained up,” Cha-Kun told Sammy.  “I’d like to help you, we all would.  Tell me about your family.”  Sammy said nothing.  Cha-Kun read Sammy’s mind and knew all that she needed to know.  “I see.” Cha-Kun said.
“You’re powerful,” Sammy said in shock.  “But you’re so young... like me.  How?”
“I’m the ninth reincarnation of myself,” Cha-Kun said, thinking that the easiest way to describe it.  “I just have my memories, sort of, and I have a little knowledge of my abilities.  I haven’t tested them out yet.”
“You knew my name,” Sammy said, still in awe over that detail.
“That’s not what your parents call you but your friends,” Cha-Kun told Sammy.  “So, do you want to come with us or stay back with that?” Cha-Kun asked as she pointed back to the booth with Dodger and Sammy’s drunken passed out father.
“You guys,” Sammy said without a second thought.
“Is there anyone that you want to see before you come with us?” Cha-Kun asked.
“No,” Sammy told Cha-Kun.  “I’ve got nothing here.”


Chapter 12

Sammy joined the group of misfits.  Dodger had put the fear of him into Sammy’s father, though that wasn’t needed.  Alice wiped everyone’s memories of Sammy before they left.  Sammy was glad to have seen the drunk scared for a change.  That was the first time in several months that Sammy smiled.
Rabbi Goldman was waiting at the house when the group returned.  Goldman was a little surprised when the two new kids were with them.  He wanted to hear how their search for Creed was going.
“He’s gone,” Emily told the Rabbi with tear filled eyes.  “He died protecting us.  There was nothing left of his body...  Frank wouldn’t want us to become sick with grief.”
“What of these kids?” Goldman asked.
“Strays that need us,” Alice told Goldman.
“You intend to raise two kids where you’re from?” Goldman asked.  “Or would you like to raise them here, where Francisco made this a warm and loving community?”
“Here would be nice but didn’t Francisco leave you the house?” Dodger asked.
“He did,” The Rabbi told them.  “However, you guys will need it if you are to raise to children here.  Just make sure to pay the utilities.”
“We will,” Dodger said with a smile.  “Thank you Rabbi.”
“Francisco would have wanted it this way,” Goldman told them.  “He was a generous man with a good heart.  He kept his home open to all who needed it.  I’m glad that it will retain its purpose.”
“I was going to tackle us a deer for dinner,” Dodger said.  Alice shot him a look.  “Apparently my sister thinks Bambi for dinner is a shame.  It looks like it is steaks for dinner then if you want to join us.”
“My wife is expecting me home,” Rabbi Goldman told them.  “But thank you, perhaps another time.  Welcome home.”  Goldman told them as he left, smiling.
“Chez Creed,” Cha-Kun said with a smile as she and Sammy walked into the house.  “So, what about room assignments?”
“There are three bedrooms and four of us,” Alice told them.  “Dodger will have his own room, I guess Cha-Kun and I will bunk together and Sammy you can have a room to yourself.”
“Can’t I room with Cha-Kun?” Sammy asked.
“What gender are you?” Alice asked.
“I don’t know how to answer that,” Sammy told them.
“Then don’t,” Cha-Kun told Sammy.  “I’ll be fine bunking with Sammy.  I think that we’ll learn a lot from each other.”

Later that night Cha-Kun and Sammy were getting ready for bed.  They were both dressed in pajama pants and tee-shirts.  For the night they would be sharing a room.  Cha-Kun was perhaps more nervous than she cared to admit.  She gave the bed to Sammy and opted to sleep on the floor.  Sammy protested.
“Why can’t we share the bed?” Sammy asked.
“Because I don’t know you that well,” Cha-Kun told Sammy.  “Besides, I wouldn’t sleep well, anyway.  I like to cuddle however I tend to invade personal space.  I’d be up all night trying to avoid touching you.”
“I wouldn’t mind,” Sammy told Cha-Kun while batting thick eyelashes.
“I would,” Cha-Kun told Sammy.  “I like to think myself honorable.  I was just trying to do the decent thing.”
“You are incorruptible,” Sammy said.
“I’m not, I just hold myself to a high standard,” Cha-Kun assured Sammy.  “In all my forms I’ve been around for three thousand years, through nine different lives.  I’ve seen and lived with depravity in my life.  I want to do what right, not what feels right.”
“I see why the others listen to you,” Sammy told Cha-Kun.  “You speak with the wisdom of the ages.”
“I am a rare exception,” Cha-Kun assured Sammy.  “Most people don’t have knowledge of their past lives.”
“Tell me a story of one of the terrible greats from a past life, of when you saved the day,” Sammy urged Cha-Kun.
“War is a terrible thing,” Cha-Kun told Sammy.  “Especially when all the people that are fighting are your brothers and sister, sons, daughters, uncles, and parents going generations back.  The names of the vanquished should not spoken lest they regain power and seek a way back.  I’ve seen empires crumble, entire cities destroyed just to kill one monster.  These are horrors that I care not to relive.  You will experience all that I have soon enough.  But first you must learn to use your powers.  I’ll be able to help a little bit.  Alice, on the other hand, will be your best teacher.  She’s a wonderful psychic and a great potions brewer and medic.  You’ll learn so much from her.  From Dodger, well, he’s a bit grumpy when it comes to training.”
“What do you mean?” Sammy asked.
“He won’t teach you a bloody thing,” Cha-Kun told Sammy.  “He uses the Socratic method of self-realization.”
“What will you teach me?” Sammy asked.
“Whatever I can,” Cha-Kun promised Sammy.  “But mostly how to be a decent person in an indecent world.”
“What’s your biggest fear?” Sammy asked.
“Bringing a kid into the world,” Cha-Kun quickly told Sammy.  “That and fundamentalists.  So, are you a boy or a girl?” Cha-Kun asked.
“I’m a boy,” Sammy told Cha-Kun.
“And I’m too old for you,” Cha-Kun told him.  “I wouldn’t feel right about being with you.”

The next day was a little tense.  Dodger was pacing.  He needed to feed however he was currently unable to get to the Blood Stone of Zerthos.  He needed blood and currently deer weren’t in season.
They were sitting at the circular table, Dodger was eating as much meat as he could but it wasn’t satisfying him.  He stopped cooking the meat in hopes of a few drops of blood.  The steaks were starting to wear out.
“Dodger,” Sammy said slowly.  “Are you okay?”
“I need blood,” Dodger said from the grit of his teeth.  “I need one mouthful of blood and I’ll be fine.”
“Take it from me,” Sammy offered.
“You’ll turn,” Dodger told him.  “And I won’t have that on my conscious.”
“I want this,” Sammy told Dodger.  “I want to be fearless just like you.  You don’t take grief from anyone.  You have a control and discipline that I admire.  Turn me.”
“Fine,” Dodger said.  “You want this then I’ll do it for you.  Just know, there is no cure and you’ll suffer like I do.  It’s a struggle, you know, not to eat people.”
“I’ll survive,” Sammy said.  “Turn me.”
“If Sammy is serious,” Alice told Dodger.  “Then I’ll help him like I have you.”
“He’ll be fine,” Cha-Kun assured Dodger.  “We’ll all see to that.”


Chapter 13

Dodger took Sammy aside.  Sammy was a little nervous.  He wasn’t sure how much this would hurt.  Dodger told Sammy to remove his shirt.  Dodger sniffed the emo kid.  He smelled the boy’s fears.  Dodger would have said ‘don’t worry, it won’t hurt’ but that would have been a lie.
“Make it quick,” Sammy said.  He was jittery.  Dodger quickly embraced the boy, his nails dug into Sammy’s back. Sammy gasped.  Dodger then clamped down on the crook of Sammy’s neck, his razor sharp teeth making their mark.  The warm metallic fluid filled Dodger’s mouth.  Dodger greedily drank the life giving nectar until Sammy fainted.
Sammy came to an hour later.  He was resting on his bed.  Dodger was by his side.  Sammy’s eyes struggled to get use to the light.  Something was wrong.  He couldn’t see much.
“I’m colorblind?” Sammy said weakly.  His tongue traced over his teeth, they were growing stronger and sharper.  He looked at his hands: his fingernails had grown longer and sharper as well.
“Until the first transformation,” Dodger told him.  “But don’t worry, you’ll be able to see fine in a few hours.  Now for the changes that you’ll be enduring: no illness or disease, you’ll age slowly, super strength and smell, regenerative abilities, you’ll be able to see heat signatures too.  The downsides are super hearing and you won’t be able to have kids until wereburity.”
Sammy felt sick to his stomach.  He felt a twisting and his skin was crawling.  Before he knew it his body was throbbing and everything hurt.  He screamed as his bones began to crack, break and realign.  Sammy was starting to take the form of a dire wolf.  His hair was growing in quantity and his muscles began to burn.  He let out a scream as he body suddenly took the form of the beast he wished to become.  Sammy’s dire wolf body was covered with a strange substance from the transformation.
“Is it safe to come in?” Alice asked from the doorway.
“Yep,” Dodger said as he shifted towards the door, just in case.  Sammy circled around, getting use to the four legs.  Sammy then did something no one anticipated and jumped through the window and took off running.  “Damn,” Dodger said as he and Alice ran out through the front door looking for Sammy.  Sammy made it to the road; a car hit him.  The little Toyota was totaled and Sammy was in a bloody heap on the ground.
“Is he?” Alice asked.
“He’s still alive,” Dodger said as he scooped up Sammy.  “However, I can’t heal him and neither can you.  We have to take him to a vet.”


Chapter 14

The ER at the vet hospital was empty, thankfully.  A five foot four slender woman approached them.  Her skin was swarthy.  Her soft brown eyes were still hopeful.  Her medium length hair was streaked with silver in the back.  She took a look at Sammy and gasped.
“What happened?” She asked.
“Sammy just moved here with us and ran out of the house and got hit by a car,” Dodger calmly told the doctor.
“You’re pet doesn’t have a collar or any tags,” The vet said.
“He was a rescue, last night, actually,” Alice told the vet.
“We’ll have to get him into x-ray,” The doctor said as she lead them to an exam room.  Dodger laid Sammy on the table carefully.
“I didn’t catch your name,” Alice told the doctor.
“My name is Doctor Amara Mercy,” She told them warmly.  “I just moved here, actually.”
“Us too,” Alice told Amara as the Doctor began to spot inspection of Sammy.  Sammy’s eyes were open and there was no sign of concussion.  “We just moved into my brother’s old house.”
“So, the dog was hit pretty hard by the car,” Amara said as she went to check to make sure the x-ray lab was ready to take them.  It was.  Sammy was still dazed and looked like he was going to fall over even through he was still laying down.
Dodger helped move Sammy to the x-ray lab.  Sammy was a little nervous and whined.
“Your dog is rather curious,” Amara told Dodger.  “I’ve never seen a dog who was hit by a car still be conscious like this.”  
“He’s almost as dense as me, then,” Dodger said.  His grim sense of humor was also a flake of truth.  Their bones were naturally more durable, but not much more than a human’s.  Sammy looked pitifully up at Dodger.  “Could we sedate him and get all the test done?”
“Sure,” Amara said with a smile.  “Just hold him down while I give him the shot.” Amara told Dodger.  Dodger laid his arms over Sammy’s neck and upper jaw, preventing him from biting Amara when the IV drip was started.  Soon Sammy was out like a light and Amara was left to do her job.

~

It was two hours before Amara was done with Sammy.  Sammy was recovering quickly.  He had sprains but nothing was broken.  He was given his full range of shots as well, along with a neon green collar and his tags.  Sammy was okay in most departments.  Amara commented on the oddly colored eyes and shaped teeth.  There was nothing wrong with either of them however they just seemed odd, almost human.
“I have a few questions about Sammy,” Amara told Alice and Dodger.  “Where did you find him?”
“He found us,” Dodger told Amara with a warm smile.
“At a pizza parlor,” Alice added as she clouded Amara’s mind.
Amara shook her head like she was coming out of a dream.  She had lost her train of thought.  She looked at Sammy and saw his eyes, his green and red eyes.
“Dogs normally don’t have those combination eyes,” Amara told them.  “That is an odd mutation.  Everything about him is odd, actually.  By all means he should have died when the car hit him.  I don’t know how he’s still even walking but he’s just a lucky pet.”
“Who’s gonna be eating us out of house and home for a long time,” Dodger said happily.  Alice knew what that meant.  There would be two freezers filled with tons of red meat in the garage now.  That also meant two large propane cookers outside in the backyard.


Chapter 15

The next day, Sammy was back to his normal self.  He was still walking funny, having lost his tail and sense of balance.  He kept his collar on though.  He had a spring in his step, though.  He wanted to go over and thank Amara personally for helping him out.
He made it to the vet’s office and walked right in.  He had a vase full of wildflowers.  He handed them to Amara and couldn’t stop smiling.
“Thank you, doctor,” Sammy said to Amara.  “I don’t know what I would have endured if you hadn’t worked your magic.”
“I beg your pardon?” Amara said.
“I live with Dodger and Alice.” Sammy explained.  “That dog that escaped.  That was…”
Amara noticed the collar around his neck.  Her eyes then locked with Sammy’s.  She did a double take.
“You have the same eyes as…” Amara said slowly.  “It’s just curious.”
“I can assure you that there’s good reason,” Sammy said with a smirk, knowing the truth.
“You’re… but… that would be impossible,” Amara said quietly to herself.  “Are you trying to tell me that you’re the dog that I saved?”
“Yeah,” Sammy said.  “I’m Sammy.  I thought that it would only be proper for me to thank you in person.”
“I think that you should leave,” Amara told Sammy.  
Sammy set the vase down and left.  He was heartbroken.  He couldn’t figure out why she was disgusted by him.  He was behaving normally, he figured.  He was clean.  He figured it had to have been the collar.  Sammy was starting to salivate and he couldn’t figure out why.
Sammy made it back to the house and found Dodger in the backyard.  He walked right up to the older werewolf.  Dodger took one look at him and smirked.
“You’re in love,” He told Sammy.  “I can see it all.  So, who is she?”
“Amara,” Sammy told him.  “How do I get her to love me?”
“You don’t,” Dodger told him.  “If she’s meant to love you then she will come to that conclusion herself.  Besides, you’re a kid.  How old are you, anyway?”
“Eighteen,” Sammy informed the older werewolf.  “What do I have to do to get her to like me?”
“In most cases you appeal to their tastes,” Dodger told the young werewolf.  “However, she’s a doctor; she easily has ten years on you.  What could you offer her?”
“I could keep her safe,” Sammy offered.
“You don’t have control of your powers yet,” Dodger reminded the boy.  “Let me train you then we can talk about the girl.”
“That could take months,” Sammy told Dodger.
“The basics takes a few days,” Dodger informed Sammy.  “The discipline is all on you.  Oh, and, between you and me, you’re going to need to stock up on lotion and tissues.”
“Why?” Sammy asked.
“Trust me,” Dodger said with grin.  “If you thought going through puberty was a pain just you wait and see.”
Sammy started going through wereburity.  His body was adjusting to all the changes that came with being a werewolf.  Dodger was there for him, every step of the way, mostly to crack wise or jokes.  
Cha-Kun, on the other hand, was having an equally hard time trying to be a girl.  She hated the fact that now she had one more thing to worry about, guys.  She could handle the clothing.  She realized that it was fine for a woman to want to look her best yet as a man it was difficult without being harassed about it.  That didn’t stop her from being a tomboy.  Being a tomboy, though, attracted more guys to her than she liked to.  She was dressing in jeans and a hoodie on a regular basis and nicked a set of the earrings that Creed had fashioned that could allow teleportation.
Cha-kun and Sammy were meeting up with Emily at the local High School.  Neither had really wanted to attend, however, Emily had twisted Alice’s and Dodger’s arms into forcing them to go, as a means of keeping their cover.
“Em,” Cha-Kun told the officer.  “I can’t stand this.  I’m in all the advanced classes and they’re all dumber than chimps with brain damage.”
“I’m having problems too,” Sammy told the officer.  “My changes, are well, annoying.  Plus, I’m… I’m actually more aggressive.”
“Take up sports,” Emily suggest to Sammy.  “Do some weight lifting.”  Emily then turned to Cha-Kun.  “And you can start taking night classes at the community college.”
“My previous selves have a combined five PhDs.” Cha-Kun told Emily.  “Plus, I can’t stand being a woman.  I’m stuck like this.”
“Cha-Kun,” Emily told her.  “You have a new role to play.  For right now, you two are high school students.  Look out for each other and try to keep out of trouble.”
“Fine,” Cha-Kun said irately.  “We’re not meant to blend in when we’re made to stand out.  Just know this: both of us are now more likely to be in fights.  I have some restraint but Sammy here doesn’t know a thing about his new powers.  It’s dangerous for us to be here.”
“I’m just gonna sulk,” Sammy said.  “It kept me out of trouble in the past.”
“No fighting,” Emily told the two.  “You two have a chance at a fresh start so don’t screw it up.”
“You’re not our parents,” Cha-Kun told Emily.  “And I will be looking out for Sammy.  I just don’t like the fact that this place is a waste of my time when I could be getting use to my body and the range of my abilities.  Sammy could benefit from the same.”
“You two are teenagers and you need to be in school,” Emily told them.  “There will be no more discussion on this.”
Cha-Kun and Sammy stormed off to their homeroom.  Neither was really in the mood to talk much.  They didn’t want to be in high school, let alone in a place where they didn’t feel secure.
“Could you have forced her to let us go?” Sammy asked.
“One shouldn’t tamper with free will,” Cha-Kun told him. “I’m sure that I’ll be able to find something in the house to help keep your powers in check until you have absolute control over them.”
“You think something like that exists?” Sammy asked.
“My previous self made several devices for such occasions.” Cha-Kun told Sammy.  “I’m sure one of the hidden trinkets will do just fine.  I just need to find them and make sure that they are properly calibrated.”
“Was there anything that Frankie couldn’t do?” Sammy asked.
“Frankie didn’t make them,” Cha-Kun informed Sammy.  “He just tweaked them to suit his needs.  The me before him actually got the idea from a comic book.”
Homeroom was a joke to them.  All they did was go sit in a corner while the school news played.  They didn’t care what happened around the school.  They wanted to be left alone.  They were all the company that they really needed or wanted.
There was an announcement that caught their attention.  Apparently there was some disease that was going around and everyone was required to get their blood tested for the pathogen.
“Cha,” Sammy said with a gulp.  “Will our blood be fine?”
“I don’t know,” Cha-Kun told Sammy.  “Did your blood test fine at the vet’s office?”
“They didn’t say,” Sammy told Cha-Kun.
“Don’t they parental consent to do a blood test?” Another student asked the teacher.
“This is being treated like an epidemic and as such hazmat will be here in a few minutes.” The teacher told them.  “Parental consent is waived in issues of public safety.”


Chapter 16

The hazmat officials arrived and began to do their blood tests.  They used a little meter similar to what diabetics use.  One meter was used per student.  Sammy and Cha-Kun were trapped.  There was no viable means to make a clean getaway.
“What do we do?” Sammy asked.
“We give them what they want,” Cha-Kun calmly told Sammy.  “What’s the worst that they could do?  Think about it, our blood might not even contain what they are looking for.  The devices are set up to check for one specific pathogen, right?”
Cha-Kun was next.  The hazmat personal took the blood sample.  It was quick and virtually painless.  Then went Sammy.  Sammy’s skin was a little thicker and the needle broke.
“Let me get another tester,” The hazmat person said as he got another out of his box.  Again, the needle couldn’t pierce his skin.  “That’s odd,” The hazmat person told Sammy.  “Third time,” He said as he got a tester with a larger, thicker needle.  This one got the blood sample.
The hazmat official then read all the tests.  Cha-Kun and Sammy were told that they had the pathogen and needed to be removed immediately and that their guardians would be notified.
‘This is a load of waffle,’ Cha-Kun thought to Sammy.  ‘I just know that this is some kind of set-up.  We have to break free.’
‘What’s the plan,’ Sammy thought back.
‘You know the new earrings that I’m wearing?’ Cha-Kun thought.  ‘We can teleport with them.’
“You two,” The hazmat official told them as they came to a containment van.  “Get inside.”
The interior of the van was simple.  It was wide like an ambulance.  There were two stretchers set up side by side.  Cha-Kun was keeping her cool.  She was calculating everything.  She stood still.
“Something’s wrong,” Cha-Kun told them.  She had noticed a name on one of the papers.  It was that of Rinzyu.  The Rinzyu were notorious for being people of paranormal power who, in turn, used their powers to do as they pleased.  Most of them were mercenaries.
“Nothing’s wrong,” The man told them.
“Who sent you?” Cha-Kun demanded.  “I just read the name Rinzyu.  Who sent you?”
“Sly,” The man said.  “He said to go out and look for new potential members.  He found that some things are more apparent in the blood than others.  You two will be given the great honor of becoming first class warriors in our new era.”
“The sedation and restraints won’t be necessary,” Cha-Kun told the man.  “We’ll go without fuss.”  Sammy gave her a funny look but did nothing in protest.
The ride to the Rinzyu Compound was long.  There was no talking or other communication.  Cha-Kun slept the entire time there.  Sammy was a little freaked out but knew that if Cha-Kun was fine that he should be too.
“You two have been awful quiet,” Their captor remarked.
“No reason to be otherwise,” Cha-Kun said with a yawn as she awoken.  “You okay Sammy?” She asked the emo kid.  
“What are you going to do to us?” Sammy asked.
“You two are going to be tested to see what kinds of powers you have and how they can be put to good use.” Their captor told them.
“Why the cover?” Sammy bravely asked.
“It was a just a means to an end.” Their captor told them with a devious smile.  “Finding you two took some time but now there may be hope for the Rinzyu to rise again.”
“What?” Sammy said, looking at Cha-Kun then the captor.
“The Rinzyu were nearly all wiped out about ten years when one of their top warriors turned against us.” Their captor told them.
“Do you know anything about them?” Sammy asked Cha-Kun.  Cha-Kun remained silent.  “You do…?  You do!”
“Bugger off,” Cha-Kun grumbled.
“What do you know of the Rinzyu?” Their captor demanded of Cha-Kun.
“Your lot is nothing more than a bunch of brats with power,” Cha-Kun told the captor.  “You can’t convince me of anything different.  There is no honor in what your lot has done or continues to do.  Soldiers without a purpose at best is what the Rinzyu are: undisciplined and unorganized.”
“I know that your names are fake,” Their captor told them as they got out of the ambulance.  “When we find out who you really are then you’ll get what’s coming to you.”
‘Doubt it,’ Cha-kun thought.  ‘Alice, come and get us out of here.  The Rinzyu have us.  There’s too many of them for me to take on by myself and Sammy’s never been in a fight with his powers.  We need help.’
‘Dodger and I will be on our way, hold tight,’ Alice telepathicly told Cha-Kun.
By now several various members of the Rinzyu had gathered around the new recruits.  Cha-Kun was ready to fight but Sammy was more nervous than ever.  Sammy had never had to fight in his life.  
“Which one do you think will put up the best fight?” One of the various Rinzyu asked.
“The girl before we rape her,” Another one said.
“I’m sure the boy’s a screamer,” A third chimed in.
“Sammy,” Cha-kun said.  “This is more than our lives on the line.  We have to fight like hell to survive until help comes.  Don’t hold back.”
Cha-Kun assumed a wide fighting stance.  She was perfectly guarded on all sides.  Her long fingernails were somewhat sharp.  Her brownish red hair was pulled back.  She was ready.
Sammy, on the other hand, didn’t know how to fight.  He tried to mimic Cha-Kun’s stance.  Cha-Kun took note of his fear.
“Stay behind me,” Cha-Kun instructed.
Twenty against two was hardly fair odds but their lives weren’t meant to be fair.  Cha-Kun, the reincarnation of both a Guardian and Protector, knew all too well the harshness of things.  Life and virtue were enough to fight for.  She took pity on Sammy, being naïve to whole world that she knew.
Suddenly Alice appeared beside her.  The two of them created a force field of psychic energies to protect not only themselves but Sammy as well.  There were several bolts of pink lighting that came crashing down around them.  Dodger appeared with his back to the trio.  He was in his beastly form.  He stood nearly eight feet tall, bi-pedal, thick fur, and long fingered.  His fingertips were like talons.  
Dodger went on the attack.  He slashed his way through the Rinzyu.  Some of the Rinzyu were armed with an assortment of blades, guns, and clubs.  Others tried elemental based attacks.  Arms were torn off, bowels ripped out and heads crushed.  It was a frightening sight to behold.
When all twenty of the gathered Rinzyu were dead another approached.  This one was calm and collected.  He was dressed in light tactical gear.  His eyes were metallic along with his teeth.  Just about every feature of his body was ideal.
“Sly,” Dodger growled.
“If it isn’t the poor orphan puppy,” Sly sneered.  “I take you you’re playing daddy to these urchins?”
“You should have stayed dead,” Dodger told Sly as he cracked a grin.  “But now it’s my turn to destroy you, I guess.”  Dodger’s fingers began to glow a soft pink color that was quickly becoming blood red.  Dodger went to slash down Sly.  His talons ripped through the Rinzyu.  There was no blood.  Dodger gasped in shock as it registered to him and began to fight with all his strength and speed.  Sly was nimbly avoiding the attacks while his chest healed perfectly.  It didn’t take long for Dodger to get winded.  Sly was simply too much for him to handle.
Without warning several things happened at once.  First a bolt of blue lightning hit Dodger, restoring him to full power.  Secondly, Cha-Kun, Alice, and Sammy were transported to another location where they could safely watch.  And third, perhaps the most shocking thing to happen, was that Scott had shown up standing next to the giant werewolf.  Scott was dwarfed by him, while not a remarkably tall person, Scott was still rather muscular and retained a surfer look about himself under normal circumstances.  This was not normal.  He was actually going to fight Sly.
“Get the plasma bolts ready,” Scott instructed Dodger as he took off after Sly.  While Scott was running he spit straight ahead.  Using his elemental abilities he forced the spittle to become like two long needles that were propelled at remarkable speeds.  Sly was pinned against the side of the ambulance.  Scott did a flip over Sly and the ambulance.  While in mid flip, Scott ripped as much water and fluids out of Sly as he could muster.  “Now, hit him with everything you’ve got!” Scott commanded Dodger.  Dodger released several plasma bolts at once, each one powerful enough to blow up a city bus.  Scott smirked and turned to vapor as the bolts made contact with Sly and reformed himself next to the werewolf.  “Good job,” Scott said with smile as he saw the damages done to the one Rinzyu.  “If he comes back, it will take about five teravolts to destroy him, just keep that in mind.”
“How’d you know?” Dodger asked.
“I know because I have to,” Scott told Dodger with a raised eyebrow. “There’s no other way to explain it my friend.  The others are waiting for you at home.  Perhaps I should return you?”
“What about here?” Dodger asked.
“I’ll take care of this place,” Scott said looking around.  “There are still fifty seven people here.  None of them are as strong as the ones you fought.  I’ll be fine.  May you live in the light.”  Scott pointed to Dodger and teleported him back to be with the others.


Chapter 17

Dodger, Alice, Cha-Kun, and Sammy were all confused as to what happened.  Nothing about the abduction seemed to make any sense.  The Rinzyu had never been interested in untrained kids before.  It was also rare for Scott to actually do any fighting.  Things just didn’t add up.
“Any thoughts,” Alice asked Cha-Kun.
“None,” Cha-Kun said as she kept replaying what had happened in her mind over and over again.  “Did Scott say anything to you, Dodge?”
“He said five teravolts to destroy that thing if he comes back,” Dodger told them as he reverted back to his human form.  He groaned as the last of his bones broke and reformed properly.  He squirmed until all his joints popped and cracked.  “I have no clue what that thing was, though.  I tore right into him and there was no blood.”
“You called him Sly,” Sammy told Dodger.
“He looked and talked like Sly but that’s impossible,” Dodger said.  “Sly was killed like five years ago.  He got fried.”  Dodger was looking around.  It then occurred to him that perhaps that was Sly, if not some kind of replacement for him.  “When we rule out the impossible that leaves only the possible, no matter how unlikely.” Dodger said, as if by painful memory.
“You said that there was no blood,” Alice repeated.  “How was he alive if there was no blood?”
“Perhaps he preserved his memories in something,” Dodger said looking over at Cha-Kun.
“That would make sense,” Cha-Kun told them.  “I have Frank’s memories and the rest of our predecessors through the ability to absorb imprinted memories on personal effects.  The body, though, that’s the thing.  Was he a clone?  It sounds like he’s a clone of some kind, especially if what Scott said is true.  Did Frankie keep detailed logs of his exploits in his study?”
“He did,” Alice told them.  “Do you know Greek?”
“No,” Cha-Kun said.  “Do either of you?”
“Nope,” Dodger said.
“No,” Sammy said.  “Now what?”
“Let me try to crack the codes,” Cha-Kun said.  “Chances are he left empathic memories on those logs, a way for a psychic to read them without actually reading them.”
The four went to the study.  Cha-Kun made herself at home in there.  She quickly found the leather tome that held the desired information.  The old book weighted nearly twenty pounds.  When she opened the brown leather cover a crystal disk slid out.  Cha-Kun’s eyes quickly did a sweep of the room and found what looked like a sundial that was far from any light source.  She set the crystal disk to the side and began to skim through the book.  She was reluctant to use her eyes so she ran her fingers over the words and began to understand the writings.  On the first page it was explained why Creed had isolated some of him worst memories from himself.  Cha-Kun was quickly becoming afraid to read what was written.
“This is really powerful stuff,” Cha-Kun told them.  “These memories… they can still kill.”
“Parts of the monsters are still alive?” Dodger asked.  It was a book.  It was written by hand on ink and parchment.  There was nothing out of the ordinary in how the book was made.  “In those pages?”
“You know how we’re not to say the names of those that were defeated lest we give them power,” Cha-Kun said.  “That’s what this book is.  It is the last shreds of them.”
“Destroy the book then,” Dodger said quickly.  “Or give it to me and I’ll do it.  A little holy fire and it will be gone.”
“We gain nothing from doing that,” Alice told her brother.  “That book might hold some important information.  Perhaps I can learn how to read it.”
“It should be destroyed,” Dodger said forcefully.  “Frankie should have known better than to keep that damned thing.”
“Perhaps he was a genius,” Sammy said.  “Think about it.  If all his defeated foes are in that book, he could control them, use them to find out things.  Genius, really.”
“The pup is right,” Dodger admitted.  Sammy’s logic was sound.  There was little that could be done to counter that point.  “However, until we can safely read that thing, we need to keep it in a safe and secure place with a shit load of protection around it to keep things in it and to keep people off of it.”
“The disk,” Cha-Kun said.  “It might be a kind of hologram projector.”
“It’s just a circular bit of crystal,” Sammy said.
“It holds several terrabites of information,” Alice told the boy as she picked up the light blue crystal.  Cha-Kun motioned towards the sundial.  Alice set the disk down on the pedestal.  It immediately began to spin and an image of the late Francisco Creed appeared before them.
“Hello,” The image said.  “If you are watching this then I am gone or perhaps, just changed.  Either way, you still need my help.  The journal that you retrieved this disk from contains my most feared memories of the monsters that I have fought.  It contains histories spanning five-hundred Earth years.  The contents of the journal may not be clearly written as to avoid the accidental release of Phantoms.  If you have any questions, just ask.”
“I have a question,” Alice told the image.  The image looked in Alice’s direction and seemed to smile.
“Alice,” the image said warmly.  “What is it that you wish to know?”
“Tell me what you know about Sly Rinzyu and how he was able to come back.” Alice told the image.
“Sly Rinzyu,” The image said.  “Born Sylvester De La Cruise common era nineteen-eighty.  He was a genius computer programmer and sought to merge organic with mechanical materials as a means to become immortal.  He had partial success.  He was able to put his mind and personality into a super computer of his own design.  The location of the super computer is still unknown.  The material of choice is liquid metal.  Five teravolts will disable him.”
“Can he die?” Alice asked.
“You must locate the super computer to kill him,” The image repeated.
“I have a question,” Cha-Kun said.  “Am I myself or am I you?”
“You are the sum of your experiences, my knowledge, and a combination of powers,” The image told Cha-Kun.  “Your life is yours to do with as you see fit.  Make it count for something.  Live and enjoy your gifts and freedoms.”
The image looked around the room.  It gave Sammy a funny look and then gazed at Dodger and then back at Sammy.  This went on for about two minutes.  Dodger was equally puzzled.
“I may be the sum of his memories but I can still process things,” The image told them.  “This is your son, Dodger?”
“I only turned him,” Dodger told the image.  “Is it that obvious?”
“To the trained in those matters,” The image told them.  “Is there any more that I may do to better help you four out?”
There was quick communication between the four.  It was mostly grunts and mouthed questions.  The two adults were having an argument about what to do with the image.
“Is it possible for Francisco Creed to come back?” Alice asked.
“Yes,” The image told them.  “And at no cost to Cha-Kun.”
The image went on to describe the procedure of how to bring someone back from the dead.  There was only one hitch.  Creed’s body was gone, not a trace of it.  This brought the conversation to halt.
“You need the Rinzyu,” The image told them.  “Sly Rinzyu has the ability to clone others.  Surely you have a bit of my former body, a bit of hair or blood somewhere.  If not, there is one other option.  I would rather not discuss it, though, unless there is no other way.”
The other way was extremely dangerous.  Francisco had once been cloned before.  It was something that no one really talked about.  His clone was just as every bit as power that Creed had been at the time of the cloning.  The clone, though, was not as restrained in behavior and was quick to anger.
“We’re not on speaking terms with the Rinzyu,” Dodger told the image.
“I would imagine not,” The image told them.  “However, if you can prove that you need Francisco Creed back and that it would be in the best interest of the Rinzyu then they might choose to help you, if only to save their own skins.”
“Is there anything else that we need to know about the Rinzyu?” Alice asked.
“The Rinzyu are not to be underestimated.” The image told them.  “They are all gifted individuals, despite their lack of formal training.  There are also remarkable scientists in the groups that think that they can play god, hence the cloning and monsters.”
“Monsters?” Sammy asked.
“They created mantis like humanoid creatures called ‘Hunters’.” The image explained.  “Francisco Creed had often trained against them, when he was on civil terms with the Rinzyu.”
“…” Was Dodger’s response.  Creed had been absent from his company for a short length of time, what Dodger believed to only be a few years.  How could something important like this not be mentioned to him?  Dodger looked over at Alice.  Alice gave a blank look to Dodger.
“Did the Rinzyu have anything to do with this town?” Cha-Kun asked.
“The Rinzyu once ruled this town through fear.” The image told them.  “They would often experiment on wild animals, trying to create new breeds of Hunters.  When Francisco arrived he dealt with them and forced a truce agreement.  When the Rinzyu broke the agreement, he resorted to blowing up their facilities and using lethal force against the remaining members.  Sly Rinzyu survived the onslaught.”
“Were there any connections to the locals?” Dodger asked.
“The local animal hospital saw a great deal of the cruelty that the Rinzyu inflicted against the local fauna.” The image told them.  “In addition to that, whenever the Rinzyu needed to get something done, they would often pay off the local chapter of the KKK.  Francisco, after finding about the KKK in the area, became extremely active in the Jewish community and became dedicated to stamping out the Klan in the area.”
“Were their any workers in the animal hospital that stood out?” Dodger asked.
“None,” The image told them.  “No one there was of anything extraordinary or notable.”
The door bell rang.  Everyone jumped a little.  Alice excused herself to go tend to the uninvited guests.  The guests turned out to be Amara and Emily, in uniform.
“Hello?” Alice said slowly.  She telepathically warned Dodger of the situation and to have Sammy either transform or disappear for a little while.
“Alice,” Emily said.  “Do you have a pet wolf here?”
“Dodger and I travel a lot as you are aware,” Alice told her friend with a smile.  “If you want you can look around for signs of any pet really.  We simply cannot take care of pets as we don’t have the time.  We are struggling with work at the moment,” Alice went on.  “So, we don’t want to stretch ourselves too thin for the time being.  Plus Dodger and I have assumed the roles of caregivers for two orphans.  Cha-Kun and Sammy are in school.  Or, well, I’m taking them out because of the fiasco.  They were kidnapped by a couple of Rinzyu.”
“Rinzyu?” Amara asked.
“Yes,” Alice told Amara.  “The creeps who were hurting the local animals with their mad science.  Apparently the Rinzyu were given some kind of tip that a couple of candidates for their clan were attending a local school and they cooked up some plot to kidnap them.  Had Dodger and I not noticed the unusual activity at the high school then we might have lost Cha-Kun and Sammy.”
“What kind of activity?” Emily asked.
“They were posed as Hazmat officials testing for some kind of infection,” Alice informed Emily.  “The Rinzyu have a history of testing persons’ blood to find the potential for them to join their group.  Both Cha-Kun and Sammy passed and were abducted from the high school.  Not a word was sent to us, not a phone call or anything that they were taken.  Had we not seen the trucks disobeying proper hazmat procedure then we wouldn’t have known that something was amiss.”
“You ex-soldiers don’t miss a thing,” Emily commented.
“Rangers,” Alice corrected.  “That’s what NATO paid us for doing, recon and extraction.”
“I’m sorry about the children,” Emily said as she looked around from the doorway.  The house was still as clean as when Creed lived there.  “Do you mind explaining why, then, yourself and Dodger brought a wolf to the animal hospital and claimed that it was your dog.”
“It was a stray that got hit by a car,” Alice told Emily.  “Dodger didn’t want to see the dog put down so he said that we’d take care of it until it was healed up and ready to go.  I’ll get Dodge if you want to talk to him about it.” Alice offered.  Amara gave an odd look of disgust.  “In this house we believe animals to be our equals and we would do anything to ensure that they not suffer.  Nor do we keep them chained to us.”
“Hey,” Dodger said as he came to the foyer.  “What’s up?”
Amara bit her lip a little.  Dodger took note of that and cracked a smile.
“Looks like our friend is back,” Dodger said pointing out of the front door.  There were Sammy and a Cha-Kun turned Sammy-wolf-look-alike running outside.  Amara looked over where the boy and the wolf were.  She couldn’t believe her eyes.
“How is that possible?” Amara asked.
“How’s what possible?” Dodger asked.  “The boy and the wolf seem to be playing just fine.”
“That wolf…” Amara said slowly.  “I know that this must sound strange but I thought that…”
“That Sammy was the wolf that you took care of a short while back?” Dodger supplied.  “Yes, I know how absurd that sounds.  That happens a lot when you have a kid living with you who thinks it funny to give animals the same name as he.”
“But they have the same eyes,” Amara said.
“All the more reason for Sammy to call the wolf Sammy,” Dodger assured them.  Dodger then snapped his fingers.  Sammy and the wolf came over to them.  The wolf looked identical how Sammy had looked when he transformed.
“See,” Dodger said.  “Granted, the wolf doesn’t like wearing the collar, but it’s still friendly.”
Amara was still in shock.  Sammy had claimed to be the wolf but now she wasn’t sure what to believe.
There was a discussion on the events of recent past.  Emily explained how, since Creed’s death, the Rinzyu were starting to get another foothold on the town.  There were also several animals that have either gone missing or turned up mutilated from the Rinzyu’s experiments.  Emily also advised that they be careful since they were living in Creed’s old house.  Alice tweaked Amara’s memories of Sammy so that Amara had no recollection of Sammy as a werewolf.
After the guests left, Cha-Kun went into the master bathroom and climbed into the tub.  She let out a loud howl as she went from being a male wolf to back being an older teenaged girl.  In the process Cha-kun was coughing up various fluids and shedding unneeded hairs.
Alice came in after her.  She wanted to make sure that Cha-Kun was alright.  Cha-Kun groaned and motioned for her tooth brush and the tooth paste.  Cha-Kun squeezed the gel into her mouth and then began to brush to get the horrid tastes out.  Alice turned on the spigot and the water quickly warmed up.  Slowly all the filth went down the drain.
“Are you okay?” Alice asked Cha-Kun.
“I’ll be fine,” Cha-Kun said weakly.  “I wasn’t sure I’d be able to hold that form much longer.”  Cha-Kun saw a faint trail of blood and then it registered.  “… do you have anything for this?”
“Yeah,” Alice said with a smile.  “You’re still not use to being female, yet, are you?”
“Not really,” Cha-Kun admitted.  “Suppose you just woke up one day, with no previous memories and you are a gender with no clue about the particulars.”
“I see your point,” Alice told Cha-Kun.  “I wish that there was more that I could do to help you adjust.”
“I know the mechanics now,” Cha-Kun assured Alice.  “It was, perhaps, though, annoying to learn at the last minute.”
“If you can Shift then why don’t you just stay male?” Alice asked.
“Because I wasn’t created to be male,” Cha-Kun told Alice.  “I wouldn’t be able to hold that form for much more than an hour or so anyway.  Besides, now I have an excuse to be moody every now and then.”
“Cha-Kun,” Alice said with a smile.
“I know,” Cha-Kun told her as she sensed the elf’s thoughts.  “Don’t worry.  Things will work out.”
“Is it wrong that I…” Alice went on.
“No,” Cha-Kun assured Alice.  “It’s just odd for me having Francisco’s memories and being able to read your emotions about him.  He was good to you.  That much is quite clear.”
Creed and Alice had had an odd relationship where Creed was often quite accommodating towards Alice.  When Creed was a boy, younger than Cha-Kun, he would allow Alice to dress him and the such, just so they could spend time together.  That was the start of their “girl time” that they enjoyed.  It became a guilty pleasure of Creed’s.
“Would you fancy us spending some time together,” Alice asked.
“I’d like that,” Cha-Kun said tenderly.  “So, in some screwed up way you finally get a little sister.”
“Frankie was a good little sister,” Alice said with chuckle.  Both girls started laughing.
“I know he was,” Cha-Kun said.  “And he was also a good brother as well.  He really loved you and Dodger, you know?”
“I do,” Alice said as she thought back to all the sacrifices Creed had made for them.  Perhaps the largest sacrifice was his last.  They had a plan to fight the impossible and he took hold of the situation and made a deal with Death so that only he would have to fight.  “Tell me: were all of your predecessors willing to sacrifice themselves for the sake of their loved ones?”
“They were, when they had loved ones,” Cha-Kun admitted.
“So, what other kinds of powers do you have?” Alice asked.
“Shifting, various energy manipulations, psychic abilities, strength, agility, near photographic memory,” Cha-Kun said.  “The normal gambit, I suppose.”
“That’s remarkable,” Alice said as she bit her lip.  “You’re a psyon.”
“I still have a long way to go until I’m anything like Frankie was,” Cha-Kun admitted.  “He was a good guy, but I know almost nothing compared to him.  I’ll be spending a lot of time with the hologram to learn what I need to know.”
“You’ll never learn all that Frankie knew,” Alice informed Cha-Kun.  “What he knew, he knew from unnatural means.  There are Celestial who placed a great deal of trust and faith into Frankie so he could help protect those who did not have the means to protect themselves.  That meant giving him a share of their insight and knowledge.  Those were gifts that no mortals should have.”


Chapter 18

Sammy had been spending more of his free time at the Animal Clinic as a volunteer worker.  He figured that this would be a better way to get Amara to pay attention to him.  Alice had fuddled up Amara’s memories of him to the point of he being rendered as a funny sort of foggy memory at best.
For the time being the animals in the clinic didn’t seem to have a problem with Sammy.  Dodger had warned, though, that if he were to let his new powers take over that the animals would sense it and try to either maul him or worse.  Sammy was careful then.  Once in a while a rabbit would look tasty to him but other than that, the animals were simply pets and not food.
Things between Amara and Sammy were still null, much to Sammy’s lament.  He couldn’t help but feel like he was missing something.  He wanted Amara to see that he was something special.  Sammy was aggressively warned not to show Amara his transformation again by Dodger.  
Dodger had believed that Amara was the one who informed the Rinzyu of Sammy and Cha-Kun.  Dodger had begun taking more precautions around Amara and Alice was ready at a moments notice to blank out her memories from the last four months completely if need be.  Sammy, despite all of this, still wanted to be with Amara.
Dodger was waging a war of attrition with the remaining Rinzyu in the area.  There were several small uncontrolled scrimmages.  Occasionally a two-hundred-year-old tree might get torn to shreds or a bit of pavement might get a few unexplained potholes the size of a large grown person.  The community took note of these strange things but not one soul actually saw anyone fighting.
Abe’s Place was now more popular than ever.  Business was doing well.  It was the most affordable deli in town.  Alice and Cha-Kun were now employed there part-time.  Goldman was pleased with their work.  The atmosphere was always pleasant and upbeat when they were there.
Life was becoming simple and by simple, little violence.  Well, it was simple for everyone except Dodger.  He would go crazy without some kind of violence.  He went as far as to get a game consol with several various fighting games.  He was also chewing toothpicks up like it was no one’s business.  Being an ex-smoker was not a good thing for his nerves.
Dodger and the others were having lunch at Abe’s Place.  Dodger’s part time job was working a patrol beat for the local Police Department.  He and Emily were dressed in uniform.  Everyone was enjoying a delicious deer sandwich.
Trouble walked into the Deli.  Dodger’s nostrils flared and his fingernails slightly extended.  Alice looked over and saw why.  Sammy noticed and began to panic slightly.
“We want to talk to the owners,” One of the largest men Dodger had ever seen told the people in the room.  Dodger stood up and headed over.  This man was not only tall but also insanely muscular.
“This is a family business,” Dodger told the man.  “My brother started this Deli.  If you have business then it is with me.”
“You’re late on paying us for protection,” The man informed Dodger.
“Are you daft telling me, a police officer,” Dodger told them.  “I want you out of here.  If anything happens to anyone who works here or this establishment then I will personally hold you accountable under charges of duress and coercion.”
“What do you think that your little police force can do about it?” The man asked.  “They can’t even keep the Rinzyu at bay.”
“I haven’t met a Rinzyu that could best me yet,” Dodger told the man as he cracked his neck. “And I doubt that you’d offer as much as a challenge as any of them.  Now, leave this place before I arrest you for trespassing.” 
“Make me,” The man told Dodger.
“Resisting now,” Dodger said as Emily walked over.  “Get on the box and tell them that we’ll need a wagon to take him away.”  Dodger said without looking to Emily.  Emily was frozen.  “What’s wrong officer?”
“This is the mayor’s brother,” Emily said slowly.
“Doesn’t matter,” Dodger said.  “He’s trying to intimidate this place of business and us.  He’s breaking the law and I will not have it.”
“You’re scum just like Frank was,” The man said with a sly smile.
“You’re under arrest,” Dodger said as he grabbed his handcuffs.  The man resisted by knocked Dodger back.  A normal man would have been knocked on his butt but Dodger slid back about a foot on his toes.  Dodger struck the man in the chest.  He pulsed the energies in his hand and effectively stunned the man until he fell to the ground.  “And you’re out cold,” Dodger said as he cuffed the unconscious man with his hands behind his back.  
Dodger picked up the man and headed outdoors.  The man’s associates were waiting for Dodger outside.  A wooden bat was swung at Dodger.  He blocked it, breaking the bat.  He tossed the man on the ground then looked over at the others who were ready to fight him.  The odds were three-to-one.  Dodger was ready and proceeded to beat the three to a bloody pulp.  
“Parasites,” Dodger said as he took out some zip ties and began to secure them.  Emily had nervously called for the medics and for a wagon to come pick up the mess.
“How’d you?” Emily asked.
“Leaches deserved it,” Dodger said.  “Assault with a wooden bat.”
“Bravo,” The mayor said as he came over.  He was an average man in height and weight.  His hair was graying.  “It seems that there is a police officer with some balls around here.  Now, let them go.”
“No,” Dodger told the mayor.  “They were demanding for protection money.  I took it as a threat and tried to peacefully eject them from the Deli.  Those guys chose to fight and they chose wrong.”
“Let them go,” The mayor insisted forcefully.
“They broke the laws and they need to be put on trial for their crimes,” Dodger told the mayor.  “If you try to get them off then that would be obstruction.”
“Officer, arrest your subordinate,” The mayor told Emily.
“He’s done nothing wrong,” Emily said nervously.
“Are you defying me?” The mayor demanded.
“I’m doing my job,” Dodger told the mayor.  “I’m keeping the streets and local businesses safe from those that would dare disrupt the peace.  Why would you want those thugs loose in your town?”
Dodger was stalling, hoping that Cha-Kun would remember the old plays that he and Creed would do in similar situations.  There was a rustle but no wind.  Dodger cracked a smile.  Cha-Kun was busy working the angle.
“It doesn’t matter what you say, my word is final,” The mayor told Dodger.  “And I say that you’re a threat to the citizens of this town.  You are going to be arrested along with Emily over there.”
“For what?” Dodger demanded.  “I’m taking in those monsters before… balls!” Dodger said as the mayor’s brother came too and broke the cuffs.  He came running at Dodger.  Dodger quickly turned around and smashed his fist into the brother’s fist.  Using the same hand he grabbed the brother’s wrist and pulled him forward, kneeing him in the gut and then stomping the side of his knee, snapping it.  The brother groaned in pain as he was knocked to the ground.  The wagon was arriving.  Dodger panted a little, mostly for show, and shook his head.  He was sure that the brother was in shock.  Dodger went over to the mayor.  “You don’t believe him to be a threat.”
“You’re messing with the wrong man,” The mayor told Dodger.
“Do you know who my brother was?” Dodger asked.  “He was Francisco Creed.  He was a damn good man, killed because people like you let people like your brother do what they pleased.  You’re under arrest for accessory to and aided in the duress of local businesses and for tampering in police affairs.” Dodger told the mayor as he pulled out a second set of handcuffs.  Dodger read the mayor his rights.
“The Rinzyu won’t stand for a damn Jew getting in the way of progress,” The mayor told Dodger.
“I’m not Jewish,” Dodger told the mayor as he restrained him.  “And the Rinzyu are next.”


Chapter 19

Sammy was walking back to the animal clinic with Amara.  Amara was still a little stunned by how Dodger had reacted.  She couldn’t believe that Dodger was that bold.
“He’s an outstanding man,” Amara remarked in a plain tone.
“He’s a rather good fighter,” Sammy said.  “I’m glad that he’s on our side.  I’d hate to see him really pissed off.”
“He’s your guardian, isn’t he?” Amara asked.
“Closest thing I have to a real father.” Sammy responded.  Then it started to sink in.  Alice and Dodger were the parents he needed but had never had.  “I remember when Dodger got me.  I was at a pizza place.  My father was yelling, drunk, and being violent.  Dodger rescued me from him, urged me to talk to Cha-Kun.  We then came here.”
“Is Cha-Kun your girlfriend?” Amara asked.
“Nah,” Sammy told her.  “I have a crush on someone else.  I’m just waiting for her to be ready for me.”
The sound of an SUV could be heard coming to a stop behind him.  Sammy looked back.  Four men came out.  All dressed in the same gear that the Rinzyu wore.
“Crap,” Sammy said.  His teeth and fingernails started to grow longer and sharper.  The Rinzyu started to approach the two, just a block from the clinic.
“You and your friends are going to die,” The leader warned Sammy.
“Not likely,” Sammy said in a gulp as the Rinzyu drew their nightsticks and went to attack.  He was scared however he knew that he had to protect Amara.  Sammy could feel his bones changing.  They weren’t cracking but becoming harder.  His fingernails were also hardening too.  His muscles started to bulge.  His skin tight pants were starting to rip at the seams.  His tight band shirt quickly ripped.  His normally hairless body was growing a thick fur.  His face contorted until it took on a wolf-like form.
The fight was a bit strange.  Sammy had never fought four people at once, let alone in this form.  Sammy slashed through the first Rinzyu while two others broke their metal batons against his ribs.  Sammy howled in pain.  He wanted to bite them but remember Dodger warning against doing so.  Instead, Sammy grabbed the two by their skulls and crushed them.  The fourth Rinzyu took out a pistol and fired off five shots.  The silver bullets got Sammy in the chest.  Sammy ran forward, slashing downward, tearing the man’s bowels out in the process.  Sammy was starting to bleed out.  Sammy gave a pleading look to Amara and headed for the clinic.  Amara picked up the remains of Sammy’s clothes, his shoes, pants, and shirt, and quickly followed the werewolf to the surgery room.
Amara came into the surgery room where Sammy was.  The teen was reverting back to his human form.  The fur was melting away.  Sammy was gasping for air.  Amara moved quickly.  Sammy’s life was in her hands.  She began to remove the silver bullets.  Sammy screamed out in pain but he trusted that she would save his life.  The young werewolf passed out from the pain.

Sammy came to several hours later.  He was hooked up to all sorts of monitors.  He felt his chest.  He was recovering find.  The scars were starting fade already.  His vision was starting to change.  He was noticing less color.  His eyes wondered until Amara came into the room.
“You’re a hero,” Amara told Sammy.  “You saved my life.”
“You saved mine,” Sammy said with a cough.  He checked his hand.  There was no blood.  “You’re damn good with a needle Doctor Mercy.”
“You’re a beast,” Amara said with a smile.  “And you’re against the Rinzyu.”
“So I am,” Sammy told Amara.  “But I wasn’t good enough.  Dodger wouldn’t have gotten shot like I did.”
“You’re not Dodger,” Amara told Sammy.  “You’re my hero.  You were willing to risk your life to save mine even though I’ve disregarded all the sweet things I’ve done for you.  You could have had any girl or boy you wanted but you chose me.”
“What can I say,” Sammy said weakly.  “I fell for you hard, especially after five bullets to the chest.”
“The bullets didn’t get past the bone,” Amara told Sammy.  “Your fur saved your life.”
“You don’t say,” Sammy said as he took a deep breath.  His tongue traced his teeth.  They were still sharp along with his fingernails.  He looked down at his body.  He was naked with the exception of a towel around his crotch.  “Would you do me a favor and call my home for a change of clothes?”
“You’re naked in a room with a woman who happens to think highly of emo werewolves and you want to put on some pants?” Amara mused.
“I wasn’t sure how modest you are,” Sammy bashfully told Amara.
“I’m not if you aren’t,” Amara told Sammy as she stepped closer to the young werewolf.  She placed a finger on his bare chest, right on one of his bullet wounds.  Sammy gasped as he became fully erect.
“Please,” Sammy said.  “You are so beautiful…” He said as she gave him a deeply passionate kiss.  Amara broke off the kiss.
“So,” Amara said slowly, playing connect the dots with his bullet wounds.  “Now what?”
“It’s not good to get my breed worked up,” Sammy warned Amara.
“Do you know how many people dream about have werewolf lovers?” Amara asked Sammy.  “Just the thought of you is so enticing.  You’re like my dream boy.”
“And you’re the most beautiful woman I’ve ever seen,” Sammy told her.  “However…”
“There is no however,” Amara told Sammy.  “We can make this work.”
“Then how about a date?” Sammy asked.
“My place?” Amara asked.
“Sure,” Sammy said with a smile.  “I just need to go get some good clothes on.”

Sammy was walking home with a hop in his step.  Dodger had cleaned up the mess with the Rinzyu outside of the clinic and had dropped off a change of clothes for the teen.  Dodger was waiting for him at the house.
“We need to talk,” Dodger told Sammy as he walked into the house.  Dodger had a beer in his hands.  “Want one?”
“So you’re not a cop right now?” Sammy asked as he took a beer from the fridge.
“You got the girl you wanted, right?” Dodger asked.
“It would appear so,” Sammy said as he popped the can open and took a swig.  “She wants me over at her house tonight for a date.”
“I’m not saying do anything stupid but curfew is dusk tomorrow.” Dodger told Sammy.  “Just remember to be safe if you choose to do something reckless.”
“Meaning?” Sammy asked.
“Meaning you better have some condoms ready,” Dodger told Sammy as he handed Sammy a medium sized box.  “Use them every time unless you want to risk being a father.”
“Why do you have condoms?” Sammy asked.  “I never see you with anyone?”
“Because I’m prepared,” Dodger told Sammy point blank.  “Just like I want you to be.  You’re a sweet boy.” Dodger said that and thought back to how Sammy tasted.  He dismissed the thought and went back to his little speech.  “Don’t draw blood from her.  You can scratch, but don’t make her bleed with your teeth.”
“You really think that she wants to have sex with me?” Sammy asked.
“I know it,” Dodger said with a smile.  “When you’ve lived for as long as me you tend to pick up on things like that.”
“I didn’t think that werewolves could have kids,” Sammy told Dodger.
“They can’t until they go through wereburity,” Dodger told Sammy.  “Which you have.”
“You won’t be mad then if I have sex with Amara?” Sammy said.
“Your body your choice,” Dodger said with a shrug.  “Just don’t tear up any Rinzyu without talking to any of us first.”
“Shit’s gonna hit the fan soon, ain’t it?” Sammy asked.
“Yeah,” Dodger said.  “Get your fill of living, ‘cause when we go to war with the Rinzyu and their hired help then there’s no telling what’ll happen.”
Sammy left and got dressed into his best emo clothes that he had.  His new green converse shoes had orange laces.  He was wearing tight green pants and a purple band shirt.  He went into the bathroom and checked his hair.  He got out some colored cream and put a few streaks of color in his hair.  Sammy’s eyes started to fade a bit.  He was haphazardly loosing the ability to see color.  He shook his head and began to see the bright red and blacks he was putting into his blonde hair.  He put on some leather and rubber bracelets.  He was about to leave when he was stopped by Dodger at the door.
“I know, this will only take a minute,” Dodger said as he pointed back to Sammy and Cha-Kun’s room.  “You’re forgetting a few things.  First is a change of clothes that you’ll need to have with you at all times.  The other things are that you need to have your ears pierced and to be outfitted with some of Frankie’s things.”  Dodger revealed a watch and the earrings.  “The watch will allow you to call for help if need be.  It is also a tracking device.  The earrings will allow you to teleport as long as you can concentrate.  Just remember, you can only teleport to places you’ve been.”
“My ears aren’t pierced yet,” Sammy said.
“They will be before you go,” Dodger firmly told Sammy as he took the small silver hoops and opened them up.  “This won’t hurt much.”  Sammy was powerless to move, especially when Dodger locked eyes with him.  Dodger had Sammy sit on the bed and quickly affixed the earrings to the boy.  There were two small pops and a little ooze.  The oozing stopped after about five seconds.  What normally would have taken someone a few hours to get use to, Sammy was completely recovered from.  It was like his ears had been pierced for months.  “How do you feel?”
“Fine,” Sammy told Dodger.  “Hey, when did you loose the ability to see color?”
“I can still see color,” Dodger told Sammy.  “Now, the way I see color is different.  I see the auras of things.  If I want to see color like a human does, I just have to concentrate hard on the colors.  Well, son, have a good date.”
“Thanks, dad,” Sammy said as he left hugged Dodger, quickly packed up some spare clothes and left.
Dodger was left on the bed.  He was thinking hard.  He would never be able to have kids of his own.  He had called Sammy son and Sammy him dad.  Tears welled up in his eyes.  Never had Dodger felt so alone in his life.

~

Sammy showed up at Amara’s place, a small apartment near the animal clinic.  Amara rushed out to meet him.  She seemed to be a bit panicky.  She calmed down after a few moments and forced a smile.
“My parents decided to show up unannounced.” Amara told Sammy.  “This might be a bad idea.”
“I don’t care,” Sammy said with a bit of glee in eyes.  “Let’s make a scene.”
Amara had often complained about her parents and how they did not approve of the fact that she happened to remain single.  Sammy knew that there were small little things that Amara wanted to do to vex her folks a bit and he wanted to help.  Sammy brought himself to a calm composure and motioned for them to go in.
“Mom, Dad,” Amara called out as he folks came into her narrow living room.  “This is my boyfriend Sammy.”
“You’re joking, right?” Amara’s mother said.  She was a quaint woman, rather ordinary in most regards.  She held herself in with a high level of manner but was dressed casually.
“He’s a kid,” Amara’s father said.  Amara’s father had been a self-made man but had fallen into hard times by his own doings.  He was plagued by his own demons, sometimes winning, sometimes loosing.  “How old are you?” He demanded of Sammy.
“Old enough,” Sammy said with a nod.  “Amara and I have been working together at the clinic and after the Rinzyu fiasco… well, we just saw how much we really mean to each other.”
“What happened?” Amara’s mother asked.
“Four Rinzyu attacked us.” Amara explained.  “And Sammy protected me from all of them and got hurt in the process.  To his name, not a single one of the Rinzyu were able to get to me, though.”
“This scrawny excuse for a man protected you?!” Amara’s father spat.
“I can understand that you don’t like that fact that I am dating your daughter,” Sammy said.  “But don’t insult me.  It’s uncivil.” Sammy thought for a moment.  “If you want to be uncivil then there’s the door.” Sammy said pointing to the front door.  “Amara and I have made our decisions to date each other, so either accept it or bugger off.”
“What are you going to be doing for a career?” Amara’s father demanded.
“I’m a Ranger,” Sammy told him.  “I help take care of problems that other people can’t.”
“You’re just some punk kid and a liar,” Amara’s father spat.
“I’m many things but I’m not a liar,” Sammy told him as his fingernails started to grow and his teeth sharpen.  “If you want to go a couple of rounds then I’d be more than game.”
Gun fire and shouting could be heard outside.  Sammy cursed heavily under his breath as he quickly took off his shirt and shoes and walked outside.  A few more Rinzyu were in a small turf war with a local gang.  Sammy just stood at the doorway waiting for the boys in blue to show up.  A minute went by and there was still violence and not a single cop to be seen.  Sammy doubled back behind the street gang.  By now he was a full werewolf.  Sammy ran on all fours, barreling through the gang members and taking down several Rinzyu.  Sammy drove his clawed fingers through a number of the Rinzyu until they realized that they were dealing with a werewolf; by then there were only three Rinzyu left alive.  Sammy crushed another Rinzyu’s skull as the remaining gang members started to fall back.
Sammy let out a howl as the police arrived, Dodger taking the lead.
“The beast is a friendly!” Dodger called out as the remaining Rinzyu were gunned down.  Dodger approached Sammy but said nothing.  He had a stern look upon his face but understood the boy’s actions.  He then walked up to the gang members who were checking their fallen companions.  “You five,” Dodger told them.  “You will have two options and only two: join us against the Rinzyu as police officers or be arrested for weapons charges, destruction of private property, disturbing the peace, attempted murder, murder in the first degree, and manslaughter.”

~

The gang members decided that Dodger’s offer wasn’t the worst decision that they could make.  Dodger had been given special permission to form a group of specialist officers for dealing with the Rinzyu and they would be the first to join, but not the last.
Amara’s family saw what Sammy had done, the ferociousness of it, and realized that he would protect her to the bitter end if need be.  Age didn’t matter after all.  Sammy could very well die at any given moment due to the nature of his job.  Who were they to say that he, a young hero, did not deserve a chance to love, even if their daughter was nearly fifteen years older than him.


Chapter 20

Alice and Cha-Kun were getting Abe’s Place ready to close down for the evening.  Today had been rather busy and extra trying.  Had Dodger not diffused the situation the way he did then they weren’t sure how the rest of the day would have been.  Cha-Kun had reacted to the whole soon to be ex-mayor situation by quickly teleporting here and there to capture everything on film.  Cha-Kun had the tape and backup disks sitting on the office desk.  Alice was starting to go over the books when there was a knock at door.  The door was locked since it was ten after close.
“Yes,” Cha-Kun said as she went to the door.  It was a kid, perhaps no older than fifteen.  He looked handsome determined.
“I need to talk to you,” He told Cha-Kun.
“We’ll be leaving in a few minutes,” Cha-Kun told him through the glass of the door.  “Just wait a little more.”
“I know what you are Cha-Kun Creed,” the boy told Cha-Kun.
“Sure you do,” Cha-Kun said with a mocking smile.  “They all say that.”
Cha-Kun went back to the office.  She stored the original tape and a copy of the disk in the safe.  She then tucked a copy of the disk into her pack and put the third in Alice’s bag.  Cha-Kun then sealed one up in a mailing envelope and addressed it to the local news station.
“Who was that outside?” Alice asked.
“Some boy who thinks he knows my secrets.” Cha-Kun told Alice.
“Do you think he’s cute?” Alice asked.
“He’s handsome,” Cha-Kun admitted.
“So you fancy him?” Alice asked.
“I don’t think so,” Cha-Kun said with a chuckle.  “I’m not sure what I want.”
“Just be you and if you feel an inclination then go for it,” Alice told Cha-Kun.  “Who knows when and where you’ll find love.”
“How come you and Dodger never dated or…” Cha-Kun asked.
“Dodger and I had a complicated love life years ago,” Alice assured Cha-Kun.  “It was very sticky and tangled up with Dodger being struck with fear and my not wanting to completely corrupt the one we loved.”
“You two loved the same person?” Cha-Kun asked.
“We did,” Alice said a fond memory came back to her.  “I’m not sure he ever noticed.  But that was years ago.  A love like that is almost impossible to come by in this society.”
“What do you mean?” Cha-Kun asked.
“We’re an odd sort,” Alice told Cha-Kun.  “But you already knew that.”
“Did Frankie ever fall in love?” Cha-Kun asked.
“I’m not sure,” Alice commented.  “He never really spoke of such things.  He loved, yes, but if he was ever in love I cannot say.”
Alice finished the bookwork.  She set the security alarm and then the two went out the back exit.  Cha-Kun walked around to the front of the building with Alice beside her.  The boy was still there.
“You know me so tell me your name?” Cha-Kun told the boy.
“My name isn’t important,” The boy told them.  “The Rinzyu are coming in force.  Between what Dodger did and what Francisco did, they aren’t going to be taking any more crap from the people of this town.  But that’s not the half of it.  The worst of it is that they have a shit load of white supremacists to join them for extra muscle.”
“Why are you telling us this?” Cha-Kun asked.
“Because I don’t want to see you get hurt,” The boy told Cha-Kun.  “I remember when the Rinzyu came to the school and kidnapped you and your brother.  I thought that you two would have been killed or worse.”
“Sammy’s not my brother,” Cha-Kun told the boy.  “And he’s dating someone who isn’t me.”
“You must be special if the Rinzyu wanted you,” The boy went on.
“How did you avoid getting detected?” Cha-Kun asked the boy.
“I was hiding,” The boy told her.  “Getting our blood taken is a large risk, especially if the Rinzyu are trying to clone people like us.”
“I can’t place your talents,” Cha-Kun told the boy.
“I can read people’s hearts,” The boy told them.  “I can tell what their most honest desires are.  I can also twist their hearts.”
“Dangerous,” Alice said.
“I know,” The boy said.  “But my powers only work against humans.”
“And the Rinzyu aren’t human, not completely,” Alice supplied.
“Some are,” The boy told them.  “I could be a help to your band of misfits if you’d give me a chance.”
“Fine,” Alice said as she read the boy.  He was being as honest as he could be without any traces of deceit.  “What’s your name?”
“I don’t want to tell you,” The boy told them.
“That’s fine, we’ll just call you Boy until then,” Alice told Boy.
“Call him Kip,” Cha-Kun said warmly as she turned towards the boy.  “I can read your feelings, too.” Cha-Kun told him.  “I understand what you’re going through.  You’re a brave person who’s afraid to love because you don’t know if it is something real or if you subconsciously manipulated someone into loving you.”  Cha-Kun gave Kip a hug.  Kip could feel the warmth of her compassion and hugged back.  Cha-Kun smiled.  “It’s fine.” She said.  “You can spend the night if you need to.”
The three made back to Chez Creed.  The good thing about a small town is that just about everything is within walking distance.  Everyone kicked off their shoes at the door.  Alice went straight to the office where Dodger would undoubtedly be.  Cha-Kun and Kip went to the kitchen for some drinks.
“Juice?” Cha-Kun offered.
“Sure,” Kip said as he looked around.  “This place is remarkable.”
“Francisco had this house built to suit his needs.” Cha-Kun said with a shrug as she handed him some apple juice.  “And it works well for ours too.”
“What do you think about the Rinzyu?” Kip asked.
“I think a lot of shit gets done in their name that the founding members would disagree with,” Cha-Kun told Kip.  “The founding members were from Haiti, Jamaica, Africa, and the United States.  Having any confederacy with the Klan is simply absurd.”
“Not many people know the history of the Rinzyu,” Kip said cautiously.  “No outsiders anyway.”
“Francisco’s family had some dealings with the Rinzyu then they betrayed him,” Cha-Kun informed Kip.  “Let’s change the subject to something a little more, fun.”
“What kind of games do you like to play?” Kip asked.
“I don’t,” Cha-Kun said with a weak smile.
“Do you like to listen to music?” Kip asked.
“I like rock,” Cha-Kun said.
“What kind of cartoons do you like?” Kip asked.
“You’d think me odd,” Cha-Kun said with a smile as she read the thoughts that filled his mind.  Her smile widened.  He was a little perverted after all.  “Don’t worry, it’s nothing terribly bad.”
“Anime?” Kip ventured.
“Bingo,” Cha-Kun said with a smile.
“I guessed that because of your name,” Kip admitted.
“I know the ones you’d like,” Cha-Kun said with a devious smile.  “I could help you out you know…”
“What are you suggesting?” Kip asked, afraid that his deepest secret was about to be put out in the open.
“Cos-play,” Cha-Kun said giving a cheesy anime victory sign.  “You like to do cos-play.”
“You’ve been reading my thoughts,” Kip said in an offended tone.
“Guilty,” Cha-Kun said with her devious smile.  “And you would try to do the same if I were human.”
Dodger had just returned home.  He had to yet again clean up Sammy’s mess.  Sammy still had not grasped the fact that humans were not to see their beastly forms and that the damages were hard to cover up.  Dodger needed to blow off some steam so he headed to work on the watches.
Dodger and Alice were in the office, going over some information with the hologram of Francisco.  The Rinzyu were not a threat, for the most part, to them.  The Rinzyu though could prove to be problematic for the townies.  Dodger was working on the remaining three watches, following the hologram’s instructions.  The watches were being tweaked to pick up and receive messages from the hologram as needed.  Sammy’s upgrade would have to wait for later.
“How are we suppose to deal with those humans?” Dodger asked the hologram.
“You mean the Klan?” The hologram asked.
“Yes,” Dodger said.  “Taking out the Rinzyu is one thing but the Klan is another.  The Klan, unfortunately, are protected by law until they actually break a law.”
“Did you fail to read all the new local ordinances that Creed had pushed through before his death?” The hologram asked.  “Let me give you a nice quote: ‘Any civil organization that acts within the town zoning limits in a manner in which it infringes on and disrupts the local communities who are peacefully meeting are to be ejected.  Hate groups, organizations devoted to ideals of bigotry, that not all persons are created equally, are not to be allowed within the town limits in order to maintain the peace and tranquility for the residents.  Furthermore, any attempt to disrupt any religious service, up to and including funerals, will not tolerated and those found guilty of infringing on the rights of the mourners will serve no less than thirty days in jail and will be forbidden from reentering the town.’”
“We just have to prove that the muscle is in fact the Klan,” Alice said with sigh.  “What are the police going to do?”
“The mayor was charged with obstruction of justice,” Dodger said.  “He’s been removed, for now.  We just need to make sure that the Rinzyu are going to be gone for good.”
“What about getting Frankie back?” Alice asked.
“He’ll understand that we can’t bring him back,” Dodger said slowly.  “Besides, we have Cha-Kun.  She’s not Frankie, but she’s special, like he was.”  Dodger thought back to how he had felt about Frankie.  He remembered first meeting the boy when they were at the boarding school together.  Dodger was laid up in the infirmary, recovering from a nasty fight.  Dodger had asked Alice for a soda and she brought him Frankie instead.  Turned out that Frankie was more bubbly than any carbonated drink.  Cha-Kun, to Dodger, was like Creed, except a tomboy, whereas Creed was a little effeminate.
“I understand,” Alice said slowly.  “I just still don’t want to admit that he’s gone for good.”
“He is,” Dodger said firmly.  “And now we have to make sure that his legacy doesn’t fall through.  We can’t save the world but we can sure as hell protect this town.”
“Should we include Sammy in these plans?” Alice asked.
“No,” Dodger told her plainly.  “He’s in love with Amara.  He wouldn’t be able to follow the orders if anything happened to her.  As it stands, you and I are the only two actual soldiers in all this.  Cha-Kun may or may not fight along side of us.  That choice is still for her to make.”
Cha-Kun popped her head into the office.  She didn’t like people talking about her without her there.  Her eyes shifted around the room until they fell on Dodger.
“My ears are burning,” She told them.
“Are you going to fight the Rinzyu and the Klan with us?” Alice asked.
“Duh,” Cha-Kun told them.  “I might have been reincarnated but I wasn’t reincarnated yesterday.  I know my lot is to help those who cry out for peace and justice.  I can’t wait to jack them up.”
“Will you be wanting some weapons?” Dodger asked.
“Two single edged swords with blades around eighteen inches, acid etched.” Cha-Kun told the werewolf.  “I also want some good tactical gear too.”
“I’ll work on that,” Said a familiar voice as Scott appeared in a hazy mist.  He pointed to Cha-Kun.  She was stripped of all her clothing, but only for a moment.  Then, out of no where, new clothes, tactical gear designed for a woman, appeared on her.  At her sides were two swords to her specifications.  He then looked the others over.  “Three against world is a huge undertaking.” Scott told them.  “You’ll need my help if you want to survive this war of attrition.”  Scott thought for a moment.  “Our kind normally don’t deal with humans and you guys are getting ready to take on the Klan.  That’s ballsy, even for our kind.”
“Do you have any ideas,” Dodger asked.
“Screw the law and screw them,” Scott said.  “Remember that Lincoln bit about a house divided?  Yeah, that’ll be useful and a point of weakness for us.  Your local politicians are starting to endorse those bastards.  So, you either take away the free will of the politicians until the right legislation is passed or you remove the threats by any means.  Let me deal with the Klan.  I’ll turn them all to dust.”
“The gits might think it’s the Rapture,” Alice said jokingly.
“The what?” Scott asked blinking blankly.  “Oh, that thing that the misguided Christians made up… Gotcha.”
The phone rang.  No one ever called the house.  Dodger picked up the dusty phone from it’s spot on the desk.  He had kept it for reasons he didn’t understand.


Chapter 21

“This is Dodger,” Dodger said into the phone.
“This is Goldman,” Rabbi Goldman told him in a panicked voice.  “There is a problem down at the Temple.  We called for the police but no one showed up.  There are a bunch of Klan members keeping us hostage.  Help us.”  Goldman said as he hung up.
“It looks like we’re gonna get dirty,” Scott said looking over at Alice.  “I’m assuming that you’ve been in the Temple?”
“I have,” Alice assured Scott.
“Teleport inside and try to keep the hostages all together.” Scott instructed her.  “Use a force field if you need to.”  He turned to Dodger.  “Go see what’s up with the police.”  And then to Cha-Kun.  “You’re going to take me to Temple and we’re gonna cut them down.”
“What about Kip?” Cha-Kun asked.
“He’s safer here but if he must come along then he’ll go with Alice.” Scott quickly told them.  “Now, we have our missions.  May we stay in the Light.”  
Dodger went out the front door and took his jeep to the police station.  Alice and Kip teleported to the sanctuary of the Temple.  Scott and Cha-Kun appeared behind the Klan whilst a Grand Wizard was giving a hate speech based in nothing.
The streets were darkened and damp.  The smell of odd combinations filled the air.  There was a lot of accelerant in the air.  Scott knew that smell well.  It was denatured alcohol mixed with kerosene.
“Traitors and charlatans!” Scott shouted at the top of lungs getting the attention of the Klan.  “Do you not know who you are working for?  The Rinzyu are nothing more than an extension of the Black Panthers you dumbasses!  They were founded by a bunch of blacks from around the world!”
‘They are going to kill us,’ Cha-Kun thought to herself as she began to take note of the numbers.  They were outmatched fifty-to-one easily. She still did not go for her weapons yet.  There was still time before all hell would break loose.
“You know of the Rinzyu?” The Grand Wizard asked.
“I know those backstabbers,” Scott told them in a loud firm voice.  “They’re monsters and nothing more.  They’re using you, you know.  They don’t care if you get slaughtered tonight.  As we speak, there are several spec ops soldiers coming here to lay waist to all of you.  Leave now!”  
No one budged.  Scott made his moves.  He took full advantage of his water manipulation abilities.  He made it seem like several of the Klan’s members got shot, when in reality he forced the blood and marrow to rip out of their bodies through a few small spots, perfectly mimicking bullet wounds on the exposed flesh that he could see.
“We’ve got to get out of here before their snipers actually kill anyone!” Scott told them as he motioned away from the Temple.
“That’s why we’re armed,” The Grand Wizard told Scott.
The sounds of shells hitting the pavement could be heard.  Cha-Kun was moving as fast as she could to remove all excess ammunition from the Klan members as possible.  She was doing a good job, being hardly noticed.  Scott motioned for her come back.  
“May they be stricken blind by their hatred,” Scott said as a most gruesome pop could be heard.  All the Klan members’ eyes exploded.  Scott started to go into a laughing fit as he muttered a few more spells.  More pops and painful screams could be heard.  Scott was now rolling on the ground, laughing, from his sadistic torture of the racist extremists before him.  
“I think that they’ve had enough,” Cha-Kun said to Scott.
“I think you’re right,” Scott said as he got back to his feet and regained his composure.  “Let me just have a little more fun with the Grand Wizard first.” Scott said as he levitated the man into the air via the blood in his body.  “You see what hate brought you?!  SUFFERING!  You and your kind don’t deserve the mercy that I’m granting you!” Scott shouted as he flung the man across the street and into the cross that was set to burn.  The man’s back was broken and he’d never be able to walk again.  Scott turned back to Cha-Kun.  “You understand why I’m letting them live?”
“To make an example of them,” Cha-Kun told Scott.  “They’re worthless otherwise.  Alice and Dodger would disagree with your tactics, though.”
“That’s why they didn’t watch me,” Scott told her.  “I don’t give a damn what they think, honestly.  They do not see the world through the same eyes that I do, that your predecessors did.  They still think that some humans who are as far gone as these monsters can be saved.  I know better.  Sociopaths have no redeeming qualities worth saving their lives.”
“I understand you completely,” Cha-Kun assured Scott.  “We still have work to do.  The Rinzyu will be here any minute.”
Someone cleared their throat.  It was Sly.  Scott glared at the cloned monster.  Cha-Kun reached for her weapons.
“Don’t insult me,” Sly told her harshly, his silver eyes never leaving Scott.  “And you, you’re an awful long way from the Nexus.”
“I go where I’m needed,” Scott assured Sly.  “Now, I could make it a habit to stay away if I got something in return.”
“What are you suggesting?” Sly asked.
“I miss my old love,” Scott told Sly.  “And I hear that you’re getting good at replicating people.  If you can make a clone, sans the essence, then I can make sure to see myself from coming back for a long time.”
“What about her?” Sly asked, still not giving Cha-Kun the time of day.
“I just want to be left alone, keep your dogs out of my town and I won’t go looking for you,” Cha-Kun offered.
“Fat chance,” Sly said, still keeping his eyes locked on Scott.
“Then I guess I’ll just have to unleash my powers at your Five Mile Facility,” Cha-Kun threatened.  Five Mile Facility was a compound where the majority of the Rinzyu research and development activities happened.  It had a weapons development area, fabrications development, and a genetics area.  It was where their best and brightest could work without any government pressures.
“You wouldn’t make it half a click in,” Sly spat.
“I’m a crafty individual,” Cha-Kun said as she seemed to disappear for only a moment.  In her hands was a jacket off one of the uniformed guards of the facility.  “And I’m calling your bluff.” She tossed the jacket to Sly.  There were four new holes in the jacket and it was dripping with blood.  There was a tag that read Sector Five, which was the area closest to the epicenter of the facility.
“You killed a guard to prove to a point,” Sly said with a smile.  “I’m impressed.  You’re more ruthless than I gave you credit for.  Perhaps I’ll enjoy killing you after all.”  Sly clenched his fist and went to strike Cha-Kun down.  Cha-Kun grappled and twisted Sly until he was on the ground with her boot against his neck.
“How many more of you are there?” Cha-Kun demanded.  “Because you’re too easy,” She said as she ax-kicked his head in.  The metal crushed easily under her power and black liquid spilled onto the ground.  Sly’s silver eyes faded out.
“That was too easy,” Scott said as he looked down at the mangled mess.  “Must have been a drone.  No matter.  Go tend to your family while I take care of things out here.”
Cha-Kun ran into the Temple where everyone was.  People were starting to calm down.  Cha-Kun took note of how so many of them were praying.  Her run became a creep to get to Alice.
Alice walked up to Cha-Kun.  She looked like something was off.  Her eyes quickly scanned Cha-Kun.  Nothing was wrong with Cha-Kun’s end.  She then went for her watch to contact Dodger.
“This is Dodger,” Dodger said from his other end.  “Scott just showed up with a couple of gifts for the chief of police.  It looks like the Rinzyu threat will be taken seriously from here on out.”
“I’ll go check on Sammy,” Cha-Kun said.
“He’s with Amara,” Alice told Cha-Kun.  “And they’re preoccupied at the moment.”
“How about Kip?” Cha-Kun asked.
“He’s a little nervous, and drunk but otherwise, fine as well,” Alice told Cha-Kun.  “What happened outside?  There was a lot of fear and panic.”
“Scott and I took care of it,” Cha-Kun told Alice.
“What do you mean by take care of?” Alice asked.
“I crushed in Sly’s skull,” Cha-Kun said offhandedly.
“You killed him?” Alice asked.
“It was a drone, not the real Sly,” Cha-Kun said.  “Although I found the real one.”  Cha-Kun had a very devious smile on her face.
“Frankie had that look on his face when he was planning on running a trench,” Alice told Cha-Kun.  “You think that you can take on Sly, don’t you?”
“He shouldn’t be that tough,” Cha-Kun confidently told Alice.
“You won’t be able to fight him on your own,” Alice firmly told Cha-Kun.  “There is a reason why Frankie didn’t kill him when he had the chance.  Did you ever stop and think about it?”
“He didn’t go after Sly because he didn’t want to have to worry about a war of attrition,” Cha-Kun told Alice.  “But I know where Sly is and I can take him out before he could even react.”
“You’re letting your pride blind you,” Alice told the older teen.  “And, Sly, for your information, is perhaps one of the most calculating warriors you’ll ever come across.  His real body is virtually indestructible.  He also knows more about martial arts than just about anyone.”
“He won’t be able to stop me though,” Cha-Kun insisted.
“His brain cells fire faster than any super computer,” Alice told the girl.  “You aren’t going to take him on.  I won’t let you.  It’s suicide at the moment.”
Cha-Kun read Alice’s mind and began to understand her fears.  Sly was nothing more than a brain hooked into a computer with a robotic body.  She realized how difficult it would to be destroy such a beast.  A water elemental or lighting elemental wouldn’t have much trouble, though, if they used the full extent of their powers.
“You’re right and I’m sorry for being rash,” Cha-Kun told Alice.  “Let’s go home once we make sure that the area is secured.”
Rabbi Goldman came up to the two after they made their way around the Temple.  He had a very puzzled look upon his face.  Things outside were very perplexing for him.
“Excuse me,” Goldman said as he started up his conversation.
“Yes,” Alice said.
“What happened outside?” Goldman asked.
“Scott and I took care of them,” Cha-Kun told Goldman.  “He sent me in so he could finish cleaning up the mess.”
“What do you mean by take care of?” Goldman asked.
“Scott took care of the Klansmen and I took care of the Rinzyu,” Cha-Kun explained.  “The Klansmen are lucky to be alive.  Two Rinzyu are dead.”
“You cannot condone murder,” Goldman told Cha-Kun.
“The lives of two murderers would hardly have the same value as those gathered in this Temple,” Cha-Kun plainly told the Rabbi.
“All lives are of value,” Goldman told Cha-Kun.
Cha-Kun wanted to protest but she knew better.  The Rabbi was talking of human issues, something that Cha-Kun was starting to dislike.  She began to understand that some lives are of more value than others.
“You disagree,” Goldman told Cha-Kun.
“I do,” Cha-Kun told the Rabbi.  “When Sammy and I were kidnapped and our lives threatened that changed my perspective.”
“I’m sorry you have to endure that,” Goldman told Cha-Kun.  “But not all people are like that.”
“These were Rinzyu,” Cha-Kun told him.  “Monsters to the bitter end no better than the Klansmen.”
“Scott spared the Klansmen and you killed two Rinzyu,” The Rabbi told Cha-Kun.  “You are far from honorable.”
“I did what I had to in order to stop a madman who would rather see innocent people suffer,” Cha-Kun told the Rabbi.  “There is no stopping some monsters unless it’s by death.”
“Then I think you know too little wisdom,” The Rabbi told Cha-Kun.
“We’re not going to see eye to eye on this,” Cha-Kun told the Rabbi with a smile.  “I stopped two killers tonight with force because words fell on their deaf ears.  That is how I view my actions tonight.  I helped to protect everyone that was held captive here.  I believe I’m worth my weight in salt.”


Chapter 22

The next couple of days were odd at Chez Creed.  Dodger nearly ate his entire weight in red meat.  Cha-Kun and Alice were spending an unusual amount of time together, and Sammy was happily spending his free moments with Amara.  Emily was becoming less of a fixture around the house.  Kip would hang around most of the time.
One Saturday afternoon, Cha-Kun and Kip were having lunch.  Cha-Kun did not pry much into Kip’s personal life.  Something, though, was bothering her.  Kip had seemed to have knowledge of the Rinzyu.  So, she asked Kip about it.
“The Rinzyu have defectors,” Kip told Cha-Kun.  “My parents did their best to leave.  I was orphaned in the process.  I used my powers to force myself out and have been in hiding since then.”
“Being an empath, you have a remarkable way to make yourself likable or forgettable.” Cha-Kun said in admiration.
“Cha-Kun,” Kip said.  “What do you really think of me?”
“Ask me that after a life or death fight,” Cha-Kun said with a smile.  “A good measure of a person is how they respond under pressure.”
“I like that song,” Kip said with a chuckle.
“You have good taste then,” Cha-Kun said with a smile.
“Are you still going to go after Sly?” Kip asked.
“No,” Cha-Kun said with a fading smile.  “I’m not skilled enough.  Besides, I’m sure that there is a fair lot more to the situation than I can even begin to imagine.  Dodger and Alice might have plans for Sly.”
“What the hell could they want with him?!” Kip demanded.
“If I understood Dodger then they might be able to use Sly to give some sort of life back to their Francisco,” Cha-Kun told Kip with a shrug.  “That kind of science is beyond me.  I don’t have a clue how they would go about doing that.”
“They’d do what Sly did to himself to bring that Frankie guy,” Kip informed Cha-Kun.  “But for that to work, they’d have to have his mind.”
‘Or something like it,’ Cha-Kun thought to herself.  More than likely they’d try to find a way to upload the hologram of Creed into a Sly-bot.  Cha-Kun shuddered at the thought of a Sly-bot Frankie.
“Knock, knock,” Alice said at the door of Cha-Kun’s bedroom.
“What’s up?” Cha-Kun asked.
‘Scott is in the office,’ Alice thought to Cha-Kun.  ‘He won’t tell me why he needs your help nor what the purpose of his visit is.’
‘Understood,’ Cha-Kun thought back.

Scott was not really a talkative person, especially with those that he would have to rely on.  He relied to subtlety to get his point across.  He was not psychic so he could not implant thoughts or messages.  He was an elemental by blood and something more by shear lack of humor.
Scott was jaded by the conflicts but he wasn’t corrupted by his powers.  That is what made him a suitable replacement for Francisco.  He got things done, things that others would have pussyfooted around.  His ruthlessness and somewhat ironic trickster behavior afforded him an air of unease from both his allies and foes alike.  
The truth of the matter was that he was hardly acting any differently than Creed did.  He just spoke less.  It was that facet of his personality that drove the fear that others had of him.
“CK,” Scott said to Cha-Kun as she entered the study.  “I need to ask something of you.”
“Yes my lord,” Cha-Kun said with a slight nod of the head.  “How may I be of service to you?”
“I want to destroy Five Mile Facility,” Scott told Cha-Kun.  “I don’t have that kind of destructive power.  I was wondering if you could help me.”
“I can’t blow stuff up with a thought,” Cha-Kun admitted.  “I can’t even fly.  I have no real energy control like you or Dodger.”
Scott thought on this.  He needed to be able to have a blast radius large enough to ensure that the Rinzyu would not be able to recover from.  Creed had been a remarkable person in terms of abilities.  Granted, Creed had not mastered all the elements, he did have ones that he favored and was still fairly decent with manipulating most of them.
“You can’t use chi?” Scott said as mulled over the information.
“No,” Cha-Kun said.
“Then we have a problem,” Scott said in a half-defeated tone.  “I need someone that can.”
The hologram of Creed was raising it’s hand.  Scott had been trying to ignore it.  He finally figured that some afterthought might actually be of some use.
“What?” Scott asked.
“You must realize that there were only a few people that have actually mastered chi-use,” The hologram told Scott.  “There is a way, though, that you could get one of those masters to help you.  All you have to do is ask one of them.  Tell them that you want to avenge Francisco’s loss by destroying some of the monsters that were fundamental in his fall.  You’ll get your help.”
“And just who should I ask for help?” Scott asked.
“Kai Lung,” The hologram said almost instantly.  “In his human life he was a brother to the one that loved you above all.  He would relish the chance to have some payback against the Rinzyu, having fought them himself a long time ago.”
“How do I know if I can trust that Kai Lung will have the needed power to help me stop the Rinzyu?” Scott demanded.
“Kai Lung is a god,” The hologram told Scott.  “He has the power.  All you have to do ask.  Just don’t call him by his human name, as I am sure you do not want to be called by yours.”
Scott had renounced his human name a long time ago, when the incarnation of Creed that he had been lovers with died.  He was simply now called Scott, which was the name of his House, like Creed was the name of different House, along with Darter.  
“Show me how to contact him,” Scott told the hologram.  The hologram went into detail about how to summon the Kai.  It was rather simple.  All one had to do was to all out for the Kai’s help with an earnest heart.  It would then be up to the Kai to respond.  Scott chuckled at that since when people needed his help they would do a similar thing.
“There is something you should know about Kai Lung,” The hologram went on.  “He’s a rather vicious deity who can control not only chi but water, ice, and wind as well.”
“I get it,” Scott said.  “This was the one who taught my love.” Scott told the hologram.  “And my love taught me.  Besides, getting some new-old blood in here to fight will be awesome.”
“With respect,” the hologram continued.  “You’re generation and forward are nothing compared to your old lover and Kai Lung.  They were two of the best and most ruthless for a reason.  Their powers were almost limitless.  Humble yourselves around him and know that he will do what he must in order to ensure the survival of the innocent.”
There was a knock at the front door.  An Asian was standing there, dressed in casual Western clothes: black boots, khaki pants, light blue shirt, black belt, and a black coat.  His hair was short and spiky with the exception of his rattail that hung over his right shoulder.  His green and silver eyes weren’t easy to look at.
Dodger answered the door.  He saw the man and did not realize who it was.  The two spoke briefly and the man was invited in.  No names were ever mentioned.  The stranger took a seat in the living room.  It was nearly a half hour before Scott and Cha-Kun emerged from the study.
“Hello,” The Asian said he stood up.  “It is my understanding that you need my help.”  He was addressing Cha-Kun more than Scott.  “Perhaps I can be of some assistance in your training.”
“That would be delightful,” Cha-Kun said looking around.  Alice and Dodger were in shock and Kip was puzzled.
“We have three days before we have to make our strike,” Scott told them.  “The Rinzyu are too many in number to deal with.  They’ll keep building forces.”
“We can’t fight an army,” Alice squealed.  “Scott, Dodger and I can’t take on more than fifty.  You’re thinking that they’ll be in the thousands by then.”
“We can manage,” Scott said offhandedly.  “The mortals are one thing, the drones, another.”
“Getting through all of them will be draining,” Dodger told Scott.  “And then you expect to be able to fight Sly?  That’s madness.”
“I need to get teleported in to where Sly is and I can take him out,” Scott told them.  “And, if I do that, then the drones will go down.  It’s just dealing with the mortals after that.”
“There’s some logic to that,” The Asian man said.  “However, Sly won’t go down easily.  You can bet if you go after his brain then he’ll simply complete his digital download into the computer.  You’re plan is missing something rather simple.”  The man’s eyes fell on Dodger.  “It would weaken you to a near point of death but you could be the hero in all of this,” The man pointed out and then he turned his attention back to Scott.  “There is a better way than your plan.  You didn’t take their skills into account.  You have a lightning elemental at your disposal.  With a large enough pulse he could take out of the entire power grid, including Sly.  All you would need to do is to repress the mortals.”
“I don’t have that kind of control over the bursts,” Dodger admitted.  “If I let out a pulse like you’re suggesting then I might end up killing all the people around there.”
“I make sure that you don’t,” The man offered.
“Who are you?” Kip demanded of the man.
“I am one of the Ancients,” The man replied.  “That should be sufficient for you.”
“You don’t look old,” Kip responded.
“I’m blessed with eternal youth,” The man told Kip.  “And having lived for a few thousand years I have learned much and my talents have reached levels that are staggering to toddlers like yourself.”  The man sized up Kip.  “Empath, no real fighting power, and is afraid of his own abilities, often falls into depression, and wants to lay with Cha-Kun.”  The man grinned an evil victorious grin.  “You see, I can read people and know the depth of them.  You are nothing more than a simple creature compared to me.  Granted, you can value humanity and compassion.”
“Who the hell do you think you are?!” Alice demanded.
“I am Kai Lung,” The man said with a nod.  “I was merely putting the baby in his place.  You,” Lung said pointing a finger and smiling.  “Are an elf.  A healer and an empath.  What a rare creature you are.”  Lung then looked over at Cha-Kun.  “You are the ninth reincarnation of an Ancient from the House of Creed.  In your life before last we were brothers.  You were one of the greatest of our kind.  You lived by the sword so that no one else would have to suffer that fate.  That seems to have been a life trend of yours.  If you wish it, I shall unlock all your old abilities and powers.  Keep in mind, though, they are extremely draining and taxing on the body.”
“Which means that those powers could kill you if you’re not careful,” Scott chimed in.  “Be careful, CK, no matter what you choose.”  Scott knew what elemental powers could do to the body.  He and Dodger were living proof.  Had neither been blessed with eternal youth then they’d be dead from the strain that they put on the body.
“Things were easier being a vampire,” Cha-Kun said with a laugh thinking of Francisco.  “At least then I could drain others to recover in a fight.”
“You have his morbid sense of humor.” Dodger said with a smile.
“That’s sick,” Kip said in disgust.
“Psychic feeding is disgusting?” Cha-Kun asked.
“We don’t need our powers to live,” Kip told them all.  “And we don’t need to go after the Rinzyu.  We can live in peace, pretending to be humans.”
“IF that is your choice,” Scott told Kip.  “Then none of us will stop you.  The door is right there.  Feel free to leave.  Go join Sammy and Amara if you want.  They aren’t going to be fighting the Rinzyu.  But know this: no matter how much or little you use your powers you will always have a stake in what we do to make the world a better, safer place.  We fight to protect life, not destroy it.”
Kip left their company.  Cha-Kun knew it to be for the best.  This was a nasty situation and she knew that there was going to be trouble for all those involved.  If Kip didn’t want to have a part in this, then that was clearly his choice.  No one would stop him, nor would they tell him that he couldn’t come back.
The rest of the conversations that happened that day were to ensure proper understandings of each other.  Cha-Kun would allow Lung to enable her to use chi-magic.  Lung also further explained how elemental magic worked so that Dodger would be able to release the needed pulse without killing any people.
“We cannot allow the innocent to suffer along the way,” Dodger said as they nervously got ready on the day of the attack.  No one knew exactly how things were going to happen.  Dodger and Scott were going to do the drop on Sly.  Kai Lung, Alice, and Cha-Kun were going to show up in the epicenter of the Five Mile Facility and create the needed blast radius to destroy the facility for good.  Cha-Kun gulped.
“Don’t be afraid,” Kai Lung said, easing the girl.  “I’ve trained you well.  You have the power that you need to do the job and then some.  Just remember, the point of attack is not the surface but well below it.”
“Yes master,” Cha-Kun said with a slight nod of her head.
Sammy and Amara came up to the house.  They did not go in.  Lung noticed them through the window.  He made an ushering motion for them to come in.  Reluctantly the two lovers joined them.
“I come in Peace,” Kai Lung said holding up a Volcan sign.
“Who are you?” Sammy asked.
“I’m Kai Lung,” Lung told them.  “We’re getting ready to go to war with the Rinzyu.  I suggest that you make your peace with your friends that are going.”
“War?!” Amara stated.
“We intend to dispose of them,” Lung casually explained.  “They’ve been around for too long and pose too much of a threat to the fragile peace that Creed had fought to bring to the locals.”
“How can you justify that?” Amara demanded.
“Is she joking?” Scott asked, looking over at Lung, then Alice.
“No,” Dodger said as he rolled his eyes and looked over Scott and Lung.  “She’s opposed to our calling to protect by any means necessary.”
“You two do as you see fit,” Alice told Amara and Sammy.  “This is where we run the risk of parting ways for the rest of our lives.  Kip was gone as of three days ago.  This is Creed’s house.  It is open to those who use their abilities and talents to better the life of others around them.”
“It’s suicide to take on the Rinzyu!” Amara told them.
“It’s only suicide if we let them kill us,” Kai Lung told her.  “I, for one, refuse to allow anyone to kill me.”
Kai Lung and Scott had been having several small brief conversations about the gravity of the situation.  They were both technically gods dealing with mortal affairs.  Sly was something that was perhaps the most annoying of the enemies if only because of his drones.  Neither had any desire to risk their immortality to fight this war, however, they knew that this was a situation that was beyond their mortal friends.
“Their numbers are two-thousand-seven-hundred-sixty-three.” Kai Lung told them.  “I can handle most of them.  Cha-Kun can take care of the rest.  The problem is in Sly’s regeneration and durability.  We need to make sure that he cannot escape in any form or fashion.  That is why we need that EMP out of Dodger.  This is a matter of timing if nothing else more.”
“That’s almost as well calculated as Frankie would have had us do,” Alice said in surprise.
“I taught him back when his name was Alex.” Lung reminded her.  “The rules of engagement are always needed the best of our leaders and warriors.”  Lung looked around.  “If we are still going to go through with this then we have to move now.”
“CK,” Sammy said as he gazed at Cha-Kun in her tactical gear that Scott had given her.  “You don’t have to fight them.  There is a better way.”
“There isn’t,” Cha-Kun told Sammy.  “A person can be reasoned with.  We’re dealing with monsters who only think of destruction at this point.  Today they die and tonight we can get a peaceful night’s sleep.”
“CK…” Sammy said in shock.  “I thought that you were… I thought that you were above all of this shit.”
“I do this so others have the choice to walk away.” Cha-Kun tenderly told Sammy.  “Like you.”
“Are you calling me a coward?!” Sammy demanded.
“No,” Cha-Kun told them.  “I’m just saying that you have a choice to be a part of something that’s bigger than this and you’re choosing to live the mortal life.  Best of luck to you.  Enjoy your freedom, just know we paid the bill.”


Chapter 23

Kai Lung and Dodger were the first to teleport to the Five Mile Facility.  During freefall Dodger gathered all the static energy around him and focused it tightly.  He released a large pulse of electromagnetic energies downward as he fell towards Sly’s office building.  Kai Lung was doing what he could to use his chi to lessen their fall.  The two were going to land on the roof.  Lung froze the roof.  At the point of contact the roof collapsed.
“You need to get to the others,” Lung told Dodger.  “You did good and I’m proud of you.”  Lung teleported Dodger to be alongside of Cha-Kun, Alice, and Scott.

~

Cha-Kun, Scott, and Alice teleported to the location seconds after Lung and Dodger had arrived.  Dodger appeared on the ground in a thud next to them.  Alice helped Dodger up.  Scott looked around.  There was a lot of confusion and everyone faced the four, ready to attack.  Now the slaughter was about to begin.
Alice went to try to muddle the thoughts of the Rinzyu.  She had never tried to confuse that many people before.  Scott made his move.  He forced the Rinzyu to the ground by controlling the blood and marrow in their bodies.  Cha-Kun ran to the center of the Facility.  She focused on the chi like Lung taught her to.  She sensed the very bottom of the facility, the lowest of the levels.  Cha-Kun focused tightly on the ground below the facility.  The grounds began to rumble.  The trio started to run as the tremors grew stronger, Dodger and Alice were fleeing like they rehearsed, while Scott was rushing to help Cha-Kun escape the blast in time.  The grounds were quaking now.  Scott had to find a way to move faster.  He focused on Cha-Kun and pulled the water inside of him towards her.  That propelled him faster than any running or jumping could do.  Cha-Kun let out a scream as grounds were glowing and began to sink down.  The explosion started.  Scott made a protective barrier of water around him as the blasts began.  Scott was assessing the situation and when he was sure that the facility was destroyed he tackled Cha-Kun and the two teleported back to Scott’s home.


Chapter 24

Scott’s home was a rather unusual Temple.  There was no light source but everything could be clearly seen.  The front of the Temple had two shallow pools with various ivies growing in them.  Scott tossed Cha-Kun into one of the pools.  Cha-Kun’s clothing was falling apart from the chi-magic that she had used.  The pools started to heal the young warrior.
Smoke and steam started to rise from the pool as Cha-Kun was healing.  Cha-Kun was still dazed but was starting to come around.  She groaned as she felt her throbbing head.  Her eyes adjusted to everything around her.  She felt like she was in her real home.
“You must be recovering fine,” Scott said with a smile as he looked down at the girl.
“Scott…” Cha-Kun said she started to come to.  “Where are we?”
“Home,” Scott told her.  “Well, your old home, my current home.  This is the Temple of the Champion.”
Cha-Kun looked around and felt a kind of peace that she hadn’t known before but it found to be familiar.  She felt content to be there.  She felt the water feed her and make her better.  She sighed contently.
“Home,” Cha-Kun said warmly.  “I could get use to this.”  She said as she began to relax.  Two things occurred to her.  The first, and most important thing, was that Alice and Dodger weren’t there.  The next was that Kai Lung, too, was missing.  “Where’s everyone?”
“Let’s check,” Scott said pointing to a wall.  Three images appeared.  Alice, Dodger, and Kai Lung were recovering from what had happened.  So much had happened at once.  Scott willed the images to show Cha-Kun what had happened.
She saw the impact of what Dodger had done.  She knew that Sly couldn’t get away from the facility.  She saw Kai Lung shatter the orb that contained the monster’s brain.  She saw how Alice had assessed the hearts of the Rinzyu and protected the few Rinzyu that weren’t completely lost from the explosion.  She saw Scott come to her rescue.  She then saw the three others recovering in a strange garden.
“That’s the Land of the Kais.”  Scott told Cha-Kun.  “That’s where they’re recovering.”
“Why didn’t we go back home?” Cha-Kun asked.
Scott pointed to the wall.  It showed Chez Creed.  It was filled with police, FBI, and CIA.  They were looking for them, for taking on the Rinzyu.  Another image appeared, one of Sammy reporting the attack on the Rinzyu to the human authorities.
“He betrayed us,” Cha-Kun said slowly.  “Or he was doing what he felt was right?”
“The latter,” Scott said.  “He didn’t think that we could take on the Rinzyu and he was afraid of the backlash.”
Cha-Kun was saddened by this.  She wanted to be comforted, to be held and told that things were going to be just fine.  She turned to Scott.  “How come the other’s aren’t with us?”
“Kai Lung was responsible for protecting them, and I you,” Scott told Cha-Kun.  “We couldn’t take you three back to Chez Creed because of the humans.  I saw that you were on the brink of death so I took you here to be healed by the springs.  From this Realm, we can travel the Nexus to the Realm of the Kais when you’re ready.”
Cha-Kun rested for a while in the pool and then was taken to a chamber to rest in a bed.  She went under the covers and beckoned Scott to join her.
“CK,” Scott said.  “It would not be right.”
“It is not for you decide,” Cha-Kun told him.
“My heart belongs to Alex,” Scott told her.  “It always will.  I know that a part of him lives on in you.  You’re an impressive person and a skilled warrior, just like he was.  But you’re not him, nor are you Francisco.  You are Cha-Kun Creed.”  Scott told her as he brushed the hair out of her green-brown eyes and kissed her forehead softly.  Cha-Kun wanted more than a kiss on the forehead but chose not to press the matter.  Scott brushed her cheek with hand.  “You are beautiful.  Have sweet dreams.” Scott told her as he went to leave the simple room.
“Stay,” Cha-Kun told him.  “Tell me stories about your adventures until I fall asleep.”
“I’m sleepy myself,” Scott told her with a yawn.  “I’d pass out here before I’d get through how I came into my powers.  I’ll tell you in the morning, how does that sound?”
“Sleep with me,” Cha-Kun offered.
“Forgive me but no,” Scott told her with a smile.  “You are still a flower to me.  I want to keep you well rooted.  Such a thing might not turn out well.  Our kind are a dangerous lot.  I fear that if we were to have sex that it would be out of passion, not true love.  That might strip us of our powers.”
“Would you ever have me?” Cha-Kun asked.
“I would, if I were to find myself in love with you,” Scott told her.  “You have more than proven yourself worthy of your powers and of my respect.  My devotion is still to Alex.  Open my heart to you and yours to me.  When that can be done, then it is real love.”
Cha-Kun was left to ponder the words of Scott.  She knew that he was right.  Sex is better when one is in love.  But also, their powers were linked to their sexual habits.  It was a dreadful situation but it was necessary to keep people like them, people of power, in check.
The next day Cha-Kun awoke to find some new tactical gear at the food of her bed.  She quickly got dressed and looked around.  The room only had the bed and a nightstand in it.  There were no windows, no dresser, and no closet.  Cha-Kun walked out the door and into the main hallway.
She was greeted by Scott as they made it to the dining room.  During a breakfast of red apples and honey Scott told Cha-Kun of all his exploits since he became a Champion.  Scott had participated in the saving over nearly ten billion lives.  That out weighted the number of lives that he had to take in order to ensure the survival of the saved.  Scott explained how killing did not make him powerful but only reaffirmed himself as a protector of the innocent.
“CK,” Scott said to the girl.  “Life is about small moments that have the largest impacts on peoples.  You save a bird so that others may see it flying beautifully.  That sort of thing.”
“I understand,” Cha-Kun told the Champion.  “You have done a fine job to make sure that few people would have had to suffer like you have.”
Scott went into the details of the assault on the Rinzyu Five Mile Facility.  He crunched the numbers with Cha-Kun in terms of survivors and those who were destroyed and the qualities of the peoples.  No one of vast importance was actually killed, except for Sly.
“Sly,” Cha-Kun said.  “Couldn’t he have brought back Frankie?”
“Nothing can bring him back,” Scott told Cha-Kun.  “An attempt at bringing a shadow to life is futile.  Creating life from nothingness is impossible for us.  We can transmute life but we cannot create it.  To bring Alex back, that would require a power that no one mortal has.”
“Aren’t you and Kai Lung gods though?” Cha-Kun asked.
“Yes and no,” Scott admitted.  “I’m still mortal, I just happen to have more power than the rest of our kind.  The Kais, they are not of our kind.  They are immortal personifications of the energies of the world that can take on physical forms.”
“What about that hologram of Frankie?” Cha-Kun asked.  “Is there any way that we could load it into an android or something?”
“It would be possible,” Scott said thinking about some of Alex’s past inventions.  “However, it still wouldn’t be Frank.  If it looks like a duck and quacks like a duck, it’s a lie, like the cake.”
“The cake is a lie?” Cha-Kun said looking around frantically.  “We have cake for breakfast?  Where’s the cake?!”
“Didn’t I just say that the cake is lie?” Scott asked her.
“But why is the cake gone?” Cha-Kun asked.
“It’s not rum,” Scott told CK.
“It was a rum cake?!” CK exclaimed
“The cake is a lie!” Scott told her.
“Then why is there a rum cake on the counter?” CK said pointing a cake and an empty bottle of rum on the counter behind him.
“Because this place is enchanted to provide people with the foods that they need and what they also want.” Scott said shaking his head.  “That cake appearing from nowhere kind of defeated the purpose of my statement.”
“So the cake isn’t a lie? Cha-Kun asked.
“It’s still a lie,” Scott said with a laugh of disbelief.  “Just don’t choke on that particular lie.”
The rest of the day was spent on Cha-Kun’s education and training.  Cha-Kun quickly learned how to manipulate chi to serve her needs.  From what she could tell, using chi was no different than learning to be a Jedi.  She wanted a lightsaber but wasn’t sure if one could actually work.
“About that,” Scott told her.  “There are ways around that.  I have learned to use my element as a weapon when needed.  You just need an understanding of how to focus your chi into the semi-physical form that you need it to be.”
“Semi-physical?” Cha-Kun asked.
“What are the four basic states of matter?” Scott asked.
“Gas, liquid, solid, … I don’t know the fourth.” Cha-Kun admitted.
“Plasma,” Scott told her.  “Chi is like plasma.  There’s little that it cannot do under the right circumstances.  However, you need to realize that using chi is draining on the body.  That’s why you need to be careful and know your limits.  What you did at the Rinzyu facility, that nearly killed you, you know?”
“I know,” Cha-Kun said.  “But it was worth the risk.  I’m not sure that I’d be able to do that again though.”
“You’ve got a long way to go then,” Scott said ruffling up Cha-Kun’s hair.  “That is, if you want to continue down this path.”
“Was Alex that powerful?” Cha-Kun asked.
“Would you like to meet your former self?” Scott offered.  “There is a special room where one can commune with the dead in this temple.  That is how a fair chunk of the Champions get their knowledge and wisdom.”
“You’ll let me meet a past me?” Cha-Kun asked.
“Of course,” Scott told her.


Chapter 25

CK and Scott walked into a large square room.  The sandstone shimmered with flecks of silver.  The air was stale and dusty.  The ground was sandy.
“I summon my predecessor, Alex,” Scott said in a firm voice.
A ball of purple and white energy appeared before them.  Slowly the ball morphed into the shape of a person.  The features became more defined and the colors became flesh-toned.  A somewhat average man stood before the two.  His eyes shifted from Scott told Cha-Kun.
“How may I be of service?” Alex asked as tactical gear similar to what Cha-Kun was wearing formed on his body.
“I want to get to understand my origins.” Cha-Kun told Alex.
“Your origins aren’t very specific,” Alex said with a chuckle.  “Let’s see, perhaps you wish to understand the potential for your abilities, no?”
“That’s it,” Cha-Kun said.
“My powers were mostly chi based.” Alex explained.  “It was from my understanding of chi that I learned to manipulate the elements with the guidance of Kai Cho.”
“Is Kai Cho friends with Kai Lung?” Cha-Kun asked.
“Who’s Kai Lung?” Alex asked.
“Your brother became a Kai,” Scott quickly chimed in.  “His elemental control, wisdom, and valor earned him that life.”
“He’s earned it then,” Alex said with a smile.  “Perhaps he’ll have his peace now.  Back to the training.  You must realize that chi is not yours and yours alone.  Once you can tap into the chi at will you will begin to understand it.  It flows through everything.  We are merely a filter that can focus and redirect those energies.”
“Thank you,” Cha-Kun said with a bow.  “I understand better now.”
“Would you like to see my past exploits where chi had been used?” Alex offered.
“Something tells me that it isn’t always a glorious sight,” Cha-Kun said as she bit her lip.
“It isn’t,” Alex admitted.  “It was because of my powers that I was offered the chance to be one of the Lords of Destruction.  When I died and my powers left my body the very Earth itself quaked, the skies filled with lightning, and there were tidal waves on every coast.”
An image appeared on the wall.  It was showing what had happened to the Earth at the point of Alex’s death.  There were people taking note of what happened but not a single soul was injured.
“That was my final breath,” Alex told Cha-Kun.  “That was how in tuned I was with the energies.  It came at a heavy cost though.  I had to guard my emotions well and I was far from spontaneous.  My focus was extremely refined.  I felt alone, even with my closest of friends around me.  I was afraid to give into my emotions.  The one beside you kept me human.  For that, I will eternally be thankful.”
“It wasn’t easy,” Scott admitted.  Scott did what he could to provide comfort for Alex when Alex had been alive.  Alex, though, had been possessed.  It was a constant struggle for Scott to divine when Alex was Alex and when Alex was replaced with the spirit.  The spirit was neither good nor evil just chaotic.  No one cared to talk about Alex’s possession, especially Scott.
“Wow,” Cha-Kun said.  “You two were really in love…”
“We were,” Alex told her.  “However, there is no cure for my deadness.”
“I have one more question,” Cha-Kun told Alex.  “Did you ever want to meet your former selves?”
“Want to, no, did yes,” Alex told Cha-Kun.  “And you will to, if it should be deemed worthy for you to participate in the Tournament.”
“All Champions go through a special kind of Tournament where they are tested against their current and past selves.” Scott explained.  “It is to see how they measure up, if they are worthy of the honor being offered to them.”


Chapter 26

Alice, Dodger, and Kai Lung were recovering in the Realm of the Kais.  Mortals, typically, are never allowed in such a realm.  The Kais once had an opening to the mortal world however one of the Kais was robbed of their child.  Since then their world had been sealed off.  If they were to have guests it was by invitation only.
The lands were beautiful.  There were rolling green hills, orchards of cherry, peach, and apple trees, and crystal clear streams and lakes.  In the distance a purple snow covered mountain.
Dodger and Alice were dressed in oriental silk robes.  They were treated like honored guests.  They were healed of their injuries and were well rested.  They were enjoying the shelter of a cherry tree, watching the blossoms dance along the wind.  
“They must realize that we intend to go back to Earth,” Dodger told Alice, who was curled up against his chest, feeling the rise and fall of his chest.
“They do and they think it foolish of us,” Alice remarked.
Kai Lung came over to the two.  He was dressed in fine silk robes.  He had a troubled look upon his face.  He was struggling to find the right words.
“It’s not safe to return to the town that you call home,” Kai Lung told them.  “You’ve been exposed as being more than human.  You must realize that you will be hunted down, treated like science experiments or wild beasts.  That is no way to live.”
“It would be our choice to go back,” Dodger told the Kai.  “I mean, where else would we go?  We can’t stay here, right?”
“Go back to the Nexus where it’s safe,” Kai Lung told them.  “We have no one that we can trust back on Earth.”
“I’ll go back to Earth,” Dodger told the Kai.  “I’ll be the Ranger that I need to be.  I just ask that you train me to better use my talents to serve those who need my help.”
“What of you?” Lung asked Alice.
“I’ll go where I am needed, not where I want to be, but where I am needed,” Alice told the Kai.
“Then we have a lot of training to do,” Kai Lung told them.


Chapter 27

The Tournament was set up.  CK and Scott were both entered to fight.  In all there were sixteen entries: CK and her eight previous selves, and Scott along with six other former Champions.
The battles were absolutely marvelous.  They were like intricate dances, well rehearsed with remarkable precision.  The combatants were fighting at their best.
Alex and Francisco stepped into ring.  CK was sure to pay attention.  Alex was the Champion previous to Scott.  Alex’s powers were the stuff of legend and he had become a god shortly before his death.  Francisco was likewise a man of power, though, he was more reserved.  Both fighters were in their prime.
This particular fight was hard to see.  Alex and Francisco were moving so fast that only the gusts of wind from the movements be felt.  There were crashes of thunder and explosions of light as the two warriors collided.  The grounds started to quake and rip apart.  The debris flung into the air and began to hover.  The stones and cut rock were shattering at the two warriors continued to collide.  Then it happened.  Francisco lost.  His body fell to the ground, broken, and battered.  CK looked over at the body.  His bones were torn through the skin along his upper and lower arms, several ribs, both femurs and shin bones.  His skull was fractured in several places.
Alex floated down and stood over Francisco.  A beam of sliver light shot out of his fingertip.  Francisco was healed.  Francisco felt a little groggy and looked over at Alex.
“That was fun,” Francisco said as he coughed.  “Most challenge that I’ve ever had.”
“You weren’t too bad,” Alex said with a malicious smile.  “Too bad we were both holding back.”
“You knew?” Francisco said.
“We’re made of similar stuff,” Alex told Francisco.  “There was no doubt that you were holding back.  If we used our full powers then we would have completely destroyed this place.”  Alex turned to Scott.  “You up for a match bud?”
“I think I can give you a run,” Scott said as Francisco got up and stood next to Cha-Kun.  Alex began to float and the ring restored itself.  “I’m only a Champion, after all.”
This fight was extremely short.  Scott and Alex squared off.  When the start was signaled Scott made his move.  Every molecule of water in Alex’s body was under Scott’s control.  Alex felt the water leave his body.  He was weakened.  Scott did a running dropkick and knocked out Alex.
“Don’t screw with an elemental,” Scott said laugh as he restored Alex.  Alex rolled onto his knees and shot a beam of chi at Scott.  Scott knocked the energy aside like it was nothing and then caused more water to leave Alex’s body, dropping the former Champion again.  “Like I said, don’t screw with me.”  Scott realized that something was amiss, but it was too late.  Alex appeared behind Scott, midair, and grabbed Scott’s neck with his feet and performed a back flip, throwing Scott in a large arcing motion.  Alex released Scott mid throw and vanished again only to appear above Scott.  Alex brought his hands together and smashed Scott into the ground.  Scott was done for.  He had no more fight.  Alex dropped out of the air and healed Scott.
“Not too shabby,” Alex told him.  “However, you need to brush up on your chi abilities.  Without rounding out your talents you will have a problem surviving.”
“Thanks for the notes,” Scott said with a chuckle.  “Dead for years and you’re still teaching me.”
Cha-Kun and Francisco were smirking over the fight they had just witnessed.  Francisco looked CK over and smiled.  CK took note of that and looked at the man.
“So,” CK said.  “It would seem that I’m your reincarnation.”
“You are,” Francisco said with a smile.  “And I assume that you have a few questions for me.”
“What’s up between Dodger, Alice, and you?” CK asked.
“That,” Francisco said with a chuckle.  “That was a really unusual situation.  I’ll fill you in on what really happened.”
Francisco went into the details of his life.  He was found naked in a field.  He was apparently around twelve.  He was remarkably gifted and put into a special boarding school where he first met Alice, who noticed that he wasn’t human.  Alice revealed that she was an elf and was fifteen.  Alice then introduced Francisco to Dodger, who was laid up in the medical wing after a vicious battle.  Dodger, who was seventeen, revealed himself as being a lightning elemental and a werewolf.  The three became quick friends.  They decided that they were going to attempt to date each other.  That night turned into a disaster and they were thrust into the Nexus.  Francisco’s kinsman, he explained, scarred Dodger from becoming physical with the then boy even though it was acceptable for their kind.  It wasn’t because of the age difference, Francisco explained, it was because werewolves sometimes do not have full control over their minds and could potentially be dangerous lovers.  Cha-Kun remembered what Scott had told her about sex.  
Francisco told Cha-Kun about the situation that lead to his exile.  There was a struggle between the masses of their lot, the gifted, in the Nexus.  An attempt was made against Francisco and he slaughtered those that plotted against him.  He felt isolated and betrayed by the very people that he had fought so hard to protect.  He went into hiding in the town where he lived until he died.  The irony of his involvement with the Jewish community was that according to Jewish tradition, anyone with their kinds of abilities was to be hunted down and killed as they were understood to be unholy abominations.
The rest of the Tournament came and went.  Cha-Kun learned what she could from everyone there.  Cha-Kun was tested, before Francisco left.  Her fighting skills were that of a street brawler who preferred short swords and combat knives.  Her psychic abilities were becoming stronger and more refined.  Her chi abilities were also becoming impressive.  She could now deflect elemental and chi related attacks.  To further those skills, she also could draw on the energies from her surroundings.

Chapter 28

Sammy and Amara were on the lamb.  They thought that they had done the right thing by reporting the assault on the Rinzyu, now they were wanted by the United States government.
The two were hiding in a motel.  Sammy was flipping through the channels on the television.  He was nervous, but not as bad off as Amara.  She was running out of money and the full moon was just two nights away.
“Will you transform at the full moon?” Amara asked Sammy.
“I can control it,” Sammy told her.  “But I need to have a lot of red meat.  We could go to an all you can eat buffet.  That would be the cheapest way to keep me in check.”
“We have one grand left,” Amara told Sammy.  “Is there any way you could go hunting?”
“I can, but you’ll need to do my laundry and perhaps fix up my clothing if it gets shredded.” Sammy told her.
“We’re running out of places to go,” Amara told Sammy.
“And the deer are scarce right now.” Sammy reminded her.
“What are we gonna do?” Amara asked.
“I don’t know,” Sammy said.  “We screwed up.  Had we not ratted out Dodger then we wouldn’t be in this mess.”
The next day, Sammy and Amara left on foot.  Taxi’s cost too much.  They walked for several hours until they were both famished.  The two looked around the woods.  Neither were survivalists.  They were miles from any town.
“This is becoming hopeless,” Amara told Sammy.
“There isn’t an animal around,” Sammy said looking around.  “Not a bird, a squirrel, nothing.  This is a little too scary.”  Sammy caught a whiff of something rancid.  It smelled of blood, rot and ramped emotions.  His teeth sharpened instantly and his fingernails grew.  Sammy quickly kicked off his shoes and Amara was quick to help him out of his pants.  Sammy’s muscles were starting to bulge.  His shirt was growing tighter.  Amara was helping him to remove it but was too late.  The shirt tore.
“How far away is the…” Amara asked as she saw the other werewolf approach.  This one was silver, large, and bloodstained.  Sammy got between he and Amara.  He was in the half-way form, a bipedal beast.  Amara got his pants and shoes and began to run away.  The other werewolf attacked Sammy.  The two wrestled for a short while.  Sammy had the advantage of opposable thumbs.  He tossed the other beast aside and ran after him.  Sammy throttled the werewolf, keeping it far enough away to avoid getting bit.  Sammy slowly snuffed the life out of the other beast.  Sammy looked over the body.  He had never had to kill anyone that was like him before.  He let out a loud howl filled with anguish.  He continued for several minutes, working through his pain and grief.
Amara slowly and fearfully approached Sammy.  He was crying as he reverted back to his human form.  Amara guided him towards a nearby pond.  She took care to wash off the goo of the conversion back to him being human.  Sammy was bleak.  He didn’t feel like talking.  His eyes were bloodshot and wondering.  He pointed to a nearby apple tree.
She retrieved a few apples and brought them over.  Sammy rolled the red fruit in his hands.  Amara ate slowly.  She hugged his right arm and rested her head on his shoulder.
“I’m a killer,” Sammy finally told her.  “I killed one of my own kind.”
“He would have killed us,” Amara told Sammy.  “You did what you had to in order to protect us baby.”
Sammy looked over at Amara.  He could read her emotions.  She was scared but also aroused.  Sammy read deeper into her.  She enjoyed the fact that she had her own personal werewolf.  She was turned on by the fact that she could live out her fantasies with him.
“You just love it when I can’t wear clothes,” Sammy told her with a smile.  “And I know why…”


Chapter 29

Kai Lung was meeting with the other Kais in regards of what to do with Dodger and Alice.  There was little that was left for Dodger to learn from Lung.  Alice was becoming versed in philosophy.  She was prepared to go back to dealing with peoples.  Kai Lung appeared to the two by the cherry trees.
“They want to send you two back to the Nexus,” Kai Lung told them.  “There’s a little concern though about Sammy and Amara.  They’re in trouble.  They need to get to the Nexus otherwise they’ll be hunted down.”
“Or,” Dodger suggested.  “There is another option.  We revive the Ranger Program.  We still have contacts within the Vatican.  It would provide us with a place to stay, food, and it would allow us to make good use of our powers.”
“Fine,” Kai Lung said.  “I’ll contact Samuael.”
“Excuse me,” Alice said.  “The Samuael?  The first Champion?  I thought that he was gone.”
“Was,” Kai Lung told them.  “However, he doesn’t like to stay dead.  He’s most often found traveling pagan circles, receiving tribute for his old name.  He’s still well liked in the Vatican, though.”
The Kai teleported the two to Vatican City.  Vatican City was filled with plenty tourists.  Dodger and Alice took to the streets and headed for the offices of the Swiss Guards.  When they were seen, Dodger handed a medal that Kai Lung had given them.  The medal was etched with a message in Greek.  The Swiss Guard who read the medal understood the meaning and lead them down a hallway and then up a stair case.  They were in a Grand Hall.  There was large painting of angels and demons fighting with humans in the middle.  The guard pressed a switch on the side of the painting.  It moved revealing a hidden passage way with a staircase.  Those stairs lead towards a hidden chamber.
The Hidden Chamber was the home for some odd groups of exorcists and paranormal detectives.  Dodger and Alice had found their new niche.  They were welcomed with opened arms.  Minutes after they arrived, Cha-Kun, Sammy, and Amara arrived in a flash of light.
“What the hell are those two doing with you?” Dodger demanded as he reached for his pistol.
“STAY YOUR HAND!” A middle aged somewhat average man commanded Dodger.  Dodger moved his hand away from his holster.
“Those two charlatans don’t deserve this,” Dodger spat.
“Mind your manners,” The middle aged man told Dodger.  “Those that are brought here are done so as to help out those that cannot protect themselves.  They are here for the same reasons you two are.”
“We could use the help,” Cha-Kun told Dodger.  “You can always beat up Sammy later.”  She turned to the middle aged man.  “Hello, Samuael.  Thank you for taking us like this.”
“You brought two… interlopers here,” Samuael told Cha-Kun.  “They are not like us.  They have no love for the weak or oppressed.  Of what great value are they to us?”
“It didn’t seem right to let them suffer completely,” Cha-Kun told him.  “I showed them decency that they refused us.”
“An interesting gambit,” Samuael told Cha-Kun.  “Such a way to live your life.”
“We could throw them in your jail for now,” Cha-Kun suggested.  “Let them think about what happened while we get adjusted.”
“So be it,” Samuael said directing his guards to take Sammy and Amara away.
“How can you do this?” Amara demanded of Cha-Kun.
“Easily,” She told Amara with a smile.  “You’re lucky that I found you and not one of our enemies.  Humans don’t take too kindly to our kind, as you have learned the last few days.  You screwed up our lives, robbed us of our home, and now you think that you don’t deserve any punishment?!  You are some piece of work.”
“I’m not like you guys!” Amara protested.
“You fucked Sammy didn’t you?” Cha-Kun told her.  “That makes you just like us.  You might not have any powers but you are no better than any of us.”
The rest of the day was spent going over logistical data, the ins and outs of their current trade.  Cha-Kun, Dodger, and Alice were going to be Rangers.  Samuael’s connections with the United Nations and Interpol made it so they would have diplomatic immunity and licenses to kill.  Samuael went on to explain the basics of what their new job would require of them.  They would be policing their kind in the realm of humans.  Samuael then had them outfitted with new tactical gear and weapons.
Dodger looked the new pistols over.  They were similar enough to his nine millimeters but the rounds were somewhat different.  Dodger looked at the rounds with suspicion but did not touch them.  Even the combat knives had something different about them.
“You’re smart not to touch those things yet,” Samuael told him with a smile.  “You’re perceptive.  Those rounds or even the edge of the knife could have stripped you of your powers.”
“Say what?” Alice said looking over at Samuael.
“Those can reverse curses like werewolfism and vampirism.” Samuael told them.  “They can also stop zombies.”
“You know that I’m a werewolf?” Dodger asked.
“It’s obvious.” Samuael said.  “You and the boy, Sammy, are werewolves, but you were born one and you turned him.”
“Do you think me a fool for doing so?” Dodger asked.
“I think you trusted him too soon with liberty,” Samuael told Dodger with a shrug.  “It is clear that he was a frightened boy who came into a power that he was not ready for yet.  He was growing more fearful and then the shit hit the fans, like you mortals say.  Their reactions were only to be expected.  Now, what should their punishment actually be?”
“I’d let Dodger and Alice decide,” Cha-Kun told Samuael.
“Let Alice since I’m still really pissed off,” Dodger told them quickly.
The next few days were trying for all.  Samuael educated the trio on what it meant to be Rangers.  They would have access to resources that most people would dream of.  Because of their abilities they would be allotted special privileges.
Dodger was given special clothing.  The cloth for the pants was durable and rugged however stretchy, allowing for his transformation.  His vest didn’t zip up but was secured by clips.  His boots were designed to break apart and able to be easily put back together.  Dodger had a second set of these clothing for Sammy.
Alice was busy going over the schedules.  There was a fair bit more supernatural activity than Alice had been previously aware.  There were pockets of vampire covens and werewolf packs throughout Europe and Asia.  These groups were self-governing.  The only problem was that they sometimes created zombies or ghouls from their feedings.  That was typically what would bring too attention to their kinds.
Alice was more interested in finding her kind, Elves.  She was able to do her research without any restrictions.  The only thing about her research was that she had to sift through myths and legends to come up with plausible leads as to where her people went.  There were two places that kept coming up in her research: The Black Forrest, and Avalon.
“Ah,” Samuael said when he saw the books on the research table.  “You must be curious.  The link was those are where the portals were to the Nexus.  Only those with an intact third eye can find those portals again.  People like you.”
“Samuael,” Alice said.  “Do you know if my family is still alive?”
“I don’t understand what your definition of family is,” Samuael told her.  “If you mean blood then I cannot tell you without touching you.  That will allow me to see your parents and children.  On the other hand if you mean those who love you then yes.”
“Why do you think I was lucky and got away?” Alice asked.
“Surviving the slaughter that you did was fate,” Samuael told her.  “You are chosen.”
“For what?” Alice asked.
“How many Champions have you known?” Samuael asked.  “Not counting me.”
“Frankie, Scott…” Alice said slowly.  “Is that Cha-Kun’s fate?”
“Just think,” Samuael said raising a finger.  “Our kind have some basic vocations: Clerics, Warriors, and Historians.  You are an Historian.  You have a gift for finding out the truth in the situations.  You’re double-billed now as a Ranger, a protector.  Make use of your specialties.”
“Do you think I should be trying to track down my biological family?” Alice asked.
“Do as you will but harm none,” Samuael told her.  “That credo has been around for centuries.  It seems to be the best one out there.  You have Dodger and CK.  They have been there for you during your times of need.  You have Scott who risked his life for you and the Kais who have saved you.”
“Their love is vast,” Alice agreed.
“Look at it this way,” Samuael told her.  “I can’t stand most of my biological family.  Francisco was more kin to me than own brother.”
“Who’s your brother?” Alice asked.
“The god of war,” Samuael said with a laugh.  “Or, one of the gods of war, but he likes to be called ‘the’.”
“Who is he?” Alice asked.
“I told you,” Samuael told her.  “Don’t worry about the details.  He’s hardly in the realm of mortals any more.  He’d rather be in the Nexus where he’d still get worshiped.”
Samuael excused himself.  He did not really feel comfortable discussing his biological family.  He was close to his twin sister, but even they hardly spoke anymore.  It was usually nothing more than in passing.  His heart ached at the thought of having to actually deal with them again.  That was why he lived in the realm that he did, just to avoid them.
Samuael was walking into the archives when he was stopped by Dodger.  Dodger had come across something distressing about how werewolves were being treated by the Church.  They were being hunted down like rabid beasts.  Vampires weren’t being chased after with the same intensity.
“With you to speak for them then I suppose policy will change,” Samuael told him with a forced smile.  “I need to figure out what to do with the two prisoners.  There will be a trial for them tomorrow after the midday meal.”
“Do they know?” Dodger asked.
“You might want to tell them,” Samuael told him.  “They will be sentenced tomorrow for their crimes.”


Chapter 30

The trial was simple.  Scott was seated at a large desk on raised platform.  Sammy and Amara were held in enchanted chains that prevented the use of any inhuman abilities.  They both looked scared.  Dodger, Alice, and Cha-Kun were at a table to the left of the prisoners and Samuael was the right of them.
A motion image of Sammy and Amara appeared before the small court.  It showed the events of Sammy and Amara leading up to their compromising Creed’s home.  Scott’s gaze fell on the two as a look of panic enveloped them.
“You may speak your minds,” Scott told them.  “But I would rather you answer my questions first.  Do so honestly.  Samuael, Cha-Kun, and Alice can all read thoughts and emotions.  They will know if you are lying.  The first question is simple.  Why didn’t you trust in them?”
“I was afraid of the Rinzyu,” Amara told them.  “They outnumbered us.  I was afraid for Sammy.  I didn’t want to see him get dragged off to fight to the death.”
“So be it,” Scott said as he looked around.  Samuael gave an approving nod as did the others.  “Fear is our enemy.  It can turn loyal friends into bickering rivals or worse.  I think I’ve heard enough to pass judgment.  Are there any objections from the victims?” Scott asked the trio who lost their home.  No one moved.  Scott then turned back to Amara and Sammy.  “Since you two were not born into our way of life, I will be merciful to you two.  Amara Mercy, you are sentenced to serve in our medical wing, tending to our wounded.  As for you Sammy, you will serve as a vassal to the Ranger Lord Darter.  You must follow his every command to learn the discipline that you need.  That is all.” Scott told them.  Sammy began to glow pink for a moment.  The restraints were removed from the two.
“What was that?” Sammy asked.
“The glow was just my influence,” Scott assured Sammy.  “That way I know that you will be obedient.”

~

Dodger was in his war room, preparing for his first raid on some zombies.  He was practicing with two large machetes when Sammy came into the room.  Scott had forced Sammy in there.  Sammy was panicked.  He had no clue what to expect from his new master.
“Lord Darter,” Scott said to Dodger.  “I have brought you your new vassal.  He will follow your every command until you will him otherwise.”
“Very good then,” Dodger said as he looked as the very scared young werewolf.  “First order of business.  Your powers are going to be restricted.  You won’t be able to transform for now, nor will you be able to infect anyone.  Now, you also will not be allowed personal release or release from another.  Your first lesson is to learn control.  Master yourself then you will be able to control your powers safely.”
“Harsh,” Scott said.  “The boy is yours to do with as you see fit.  Have fun.  Don’t let the zombies bite.”  Scott told them as he vanished.
“You’re the Ranger Lord Darter?” Sammy said in disbelief.  “I thought that your last name was Creed.”
“No,” Dodger told him plainly.  “I am Dodger Darter, a lightning elemental and Guardian.”  Dodger set his machetes down and looked Sammy in his mismatched eyes.  “You don’t have a backbone.  That’s a problem if you intend to keep your powers.  You have to be willing to fight for what you love.  We lost our home because of yours and Amara’s fears.  Just exactly how do you intend to make that up to us?”
“I don’t know,” Sammy admitted.
“All of us are wanted criminals now,” Dodger pointed out.  “We can’t step foot back on American soil without running the risk of getting arrested.  If it wasn’t for Scott then we would have lost the interface that allows us to have access to Francisco!”
“What’s the big deal with Francisco?” Sammy demanded.
Dodger struck the boy down.  Dodger did not stop there.  He relentlessly beat the boy until he was bloody pulp.  Sammy was coughing up blood.  Some of his teeth went with the blood.
Sammy was sent to the infirmary.  Amara screamed at the sight of Sammy’s battered body.  She took care in patching him up.  Sammy groaned in pain as she wrapped up his cracked ribs.
“How could you let him beat you?!” Amara demanded of Sammy.
“It was my fault,” Sammy said.  “He was angry and I got in his way.”
“That’s no different than what your father use to do to you,” Amara reminded Sammy.
“I deserved this beating,” Sammy said.  “I nearly cost him everything that was important to him.”  Sammy went into detail of all the ramifications of their actions towards the trio.  He then explained that their lives were spared despite their betrayal.
Amara went to dispose of the bloody swabs and gauze pads.  She thought hard about what she and Sammy told her.  She was beginning to understand that their lives weren’t really theirs but they were now alive on borrowed time.
“Why didn’t they kill us?” Amara told Sammy.
“They think that there’s still something worth saving in us,” Sammy told his lover.  “They would have killed us if we couldn’t be of some use to them.”
“Dodger nearly killed you,” Amara insisted.
“My injuries were nonfatal.” Sammy told her.  “If he wanted to kill me he could have done so in one blow.”
“What he did wasn’t right,” Amara nearly shouted at her boyfriend.  “He could have really hurt you.”
“He did hurt me,” Sammy told her.  “But it wasn’t as bad as what we did to him, Alice, and CK.  Physical pain doesn’t last as long as the anguish we put them through.  They took me in and I couldn’t bring myself to trust them to defeat the Rinzyu, even though they are remarkable people.  We both let our fear guide us.  We have to learn to be more brave.  Let tell you about Abe.”
Sammy went on to tell Amara about Abe Goldman.  He had never met the man but knew his story all too well.  Abe’s obituary was something that Sammy had memorized while he had lived at Chez Creed.  Abe, who had no powers to speak of, died a real hero.  That was the point that Sammy was trying to make.  Abe made a difference by believing and trusting in Francisco.  He had earned the respect of those in his community through his good deeds and he would forever be remembered as a good man.
Samuael was standing at the doorway.  He had listened to the entire bit about Abe.  He was eating a large red apple.  He finished it and smiled at the two.  His smile turned to a smirk.
“You two have no clue how screwed up humanity is, do you?” Samuael asked them.  “Ah, to be young and naïve again… well to be naïve in my case I guess.  Wait, that would have killed me…”  Samuael shook his head sideways and gave a dark chuckle.  “Please tell me that you two saw the irony in the communities that you belonged to that Francisco carved a niche into for himself.”
“Neither of us were really religious,” Sammy told the elder.
“And that is why you are both lucky and blind,” Samuael told them.  “Our lot tend to be feared and because of that we tend to get hunted down and exterminated.  The Church may damn us based on blood alone however they fail to see what their savior was and is, someone like us but not us.  He was planned.  That was the only real difference if you ask me.  But what do I know, I’m only six-thousand years old.  What do I know?”
“Six…” Amara said as she wrapped her mind around that number.
“I was born in Greece with my twin sister to one of my father’s many lovers.” Samuael told them.  “But my name was different then.  I used that name for a long time.  I still get tribute in that name.  That’s what keeps me alive, despite the Church’s best efforts.  And the Church still employs me, despite knowing that I was and still am worshiped as a god.”
“How many different gods are there?” Amara asked.  Samauel burst out laughing.  Amara grew irate at his response.
“You ask something that cannot be answered,” Samuael said once his composure came back.  “It would be better to ask how many humans exist.  What you call a god is really just a job description.  There are millions of us out there.  Some are more well known than others.  Not all of us are immortal.  Furthermore, gods tend to have a small influence or area where their powers are at their maximum.  The more tribute we get the more powerful we can become.”
“What the hell is wrong with you?” Sammy asked.
“Nothing,” Samuael told them.  “You two just haven’t experienced life in the shoes of those who have lived through the ages.  The gods vary in lifespan from a few seconds to eons.”  Samuael shook his head with a fond chuckle of friends long gone.  “We are the manifestation of the hopes and fears, of the needs and despairs of those with consciousness.”
“What exactly makes you a god?” Amara demanded.
“I am the son of Daeush-Piter,” Samuael told them.  “You know, Zeus?  I’m the god of psychics, healers, and musicians.  I’m also the one who taught humans how to use chi-magic.”
“Incredible,” Sammy said.
“I still don’t believe you,” Amara said skeptically.
Samuael’s eyes became bright as the sun.  His looks became more youthful and his physique improved.  His hair looked like rays of sunshine.  His had become his former self, Apollo.
“Behold me in my glory,” Samuael told them.  “I am Apollo.  My main function now is to be the head of the Ranger Task Force.  I help others with supernatural abilities back to the Nexus where it is safe and police those that don’t want to go.  Are you not satisfied?”
Amara looked over Samuael.  She still did not believe that he was Apollo.  Apollo was a myth and nothing more whereas werewolves were legendary.  She gave the god a skeptical look.  Apollo shot a beam of silver light at Sammy, healing him instantly.
“That’s gotta count for something,” Samuael told her.
“It does,” Amara said looking over that the one that she loved.  He was completely healed; his body had never been in as good a shape.  “I’m sorry for having doubted you.”
“It’s not easy for humans to believe much in the gods since the spread of sciences.” Samuael admitted.  “The spread of the big three also hurt belief in us as well.”
“Big three?” Sammy asked.
“The Abrahamic religions,” Samuael sternly told the young werewolf.  “I mean, what’s a little bloodshed over religion, right?  A majority of the old gods were killed off via lack of tribute.  It was the tribute that keeps us going.  I’m fortunate that I still receive some every now and then.”  Samuael smiled.  He was living proof that there were other gods.  “You two play nice now.  I have to prep Dodger for the zombie raids.”
Samuael went back to where Dodger was.  Samuael was becoming flustered.  Dodger was back to training with the machetes, the wind from the strikes almost sounded like music.  Dodger stopped mid strike when he saw Samuael watching him.
“What wrong?” Dodger asked.
“How come they are faithless?” Samuael asked the senior werewolf.  “They won’t last a minute in combat.”
“Faithless?” Dodger said slowly.  “That’s impossible.  They can’t be faithless.  They shouldn’t be.”
“Atheists never last long,” Samuael reminded Dodger.  “Because they have allowed themselves to become blind to the world around them.  They will die before they actually believe in something.”
Samuael did not care that they did or did not believe him to be a god.  That was a trivial issue.  He was afraid that they might not have the hope that is needed to survive.  Faith, as Samuael knew it, was a curious thing.  The gods needed people to believe in them so they can have power.  In turn, the gods can help humans in their moments of need.
“They are but born human,” Dodger reminded the god.  “They have the ability to come around.  If they flounder then…”
“Then they become frightened and our lives come crumbling down,” Samuael reminded the werewolf.
Samuael had lived through too much in his cursed live.  He had seen empires rise and fall on the backs of slaves and humans alike.  The holocaust was perhaps the worst that he had endured.  He was living with gypsies when it happened for the sole reason of getting tribute to keep up his immortality.  He lived through the horrors of the Nazis and saw the worst of humanity.
Samuael had been put between a rock and a hard spot.  He couldn’t teleport.  His capture had been shocking for him.  He was with a gay lover at the time using a bit of magic.  He had been promised his lover’s life would be spared if he agreed to help instruct the Nazis in his arts.  Samuael refused.  He was being starved and worked ragged but he would not die.  The price he paid for being immortal.  He had to see all the other prisoners around him die of starvation, beatings, and cruel medical experimentations.  Samuael did what he could to ease the sufferings of those around him but his healing powers were running out.  He needed tribute but his people, the gypsies, were all dead.
That was when he changed.  He was no longer Apollo.  He needed a new identity, something that the peoples could rally behind.  He combined two names, Samuel, and Samiael, to Samuael.  He was going to be both a prophet and a bringer of vengeance for those crying out in pain.  He told his fellow captors that he had been given a mission by God to help keep their faith strong.  As long as they would rally behind him they would not need fear the gas chambers nor would they die of disease.  There was nothing he could do about the hunger but he could prevent poisoning.  That was enough hope for the fellow captors and that gave Samuael the strength to continue and his powers started to come back, little by little.
Samuael began to teach the peoples at night what the fuller meaning of Scripture was and clung onto the Traditions that fostered understandings.  Samuael explained to his fellow prisoners that he could help to not only save them but to also sabotage the Nazis at the same time.  They were being used as slave labor to make weapons for the Nazis; that would provide a means to an end.  Samuael showed them how to carefully manipulate the bullets so they wouldn’t fire or how to build a gun to constantly jam without any sign of reason.
The people began to see that Samuael had unusually good luck.  It was like he could see into the future, if only the next few minutes.  Their hope in them grew and they became bolder.  Samuael would remind them that things needed to stay on the down low but revolution was in the air.  Samuael informed them that he was not ready to fight, nor they.  There wasn’t enough food to keep them going and the rations were becoming even sparser.  Their fellow captives agreed to wait until Samuael was ready to make his move.
Two days later help arrived in the forms of two rogue agents, one English, the other French.  They looked like average people but they were vastly different.  The Englishman, who would later identify himself as Winston Scott, came from the bloodline of god Poseidon.  His powers were somewhat limited to earthquakes and water manipulation.  The Frenchman, Toph Creed, was a gifted psychic on the verge of godhood.
Toph, tall and lean, had shifting eyes.  He was always calculating.  He manipulated the guards like puppets.  He made sure that clean water and bread were brought to the cabin where Samuael was.  Toph did not talk to anyone, he just drew a plan on the dirt and motioned to what would happen.
The breakout was well calculated.  Winston knocked out all the guard towers at once with a large tremor.  The guards that were scurrying around all stopped at Toph’s gaze.  The Nazis took their side arms and all shot themselves in the head.  Toph smirked and motioned everyone out as French troops arrived to liberate the others.
Samuael was then recruited to join the two.  He did so reluctantly.  Sixty years later he was still apart of the Paranormal Police and he looked as young as he did when he joined.  Scott was still alive, but barely.  Toph died and was reincarnated, thrice, and now was Cha-Kun.
“This is bullshit and you know it,” Samuael told Dodger.  “We fight for our right to live.  No one, and I mean no one, has the liberty to be neutral.  You either stand for something or you allow evil to happen.  Make sure your pets know that.”


Chapter 31

The next few days Dodger and Cha-Kun went zombie hunting.  They returned covered in decaying slime, their clothes tattered but manageable.  They both were chuckling and talking about how the zombies exploded when the enchanted bullets ripped through them.
The two happened upon Sammy.  He smelled of bloodlust.  There was no mistaking that smell.  He needed to feed but was restrained by a pendant with a core of wolf’s bane around his neck.
“You need a drink,” Dodger told Sammy warmly.  “Let me cleaned up and I’ll take you to Zerthos.”
“I…” Sammy gasped.  “I want to die.  My insides… I’ve never felt so much pain before.”
“Withdrawal is a bitch,” Dodger said with a shrug.  He turned to Cha-Kun.  “CK, don’t let him out of your sight until I come back.”
Cha-Kun sat down next to Sammy.
“I can’t begin to relate to what you’re going through,” Cha-Kun told Sammy.  “But Dodger will make it better for you.”
“He turned me into a monster,” Sammy said as tears of pain rolled out of his mismatched eyes.  “I’m a freak.”
“You still have your psychic powers,” Cha-Kun told him.  “I could teach you how to feed off of people without drawing on blood if you want.” Cha-Kun offered.
“What’s the use?” Sammy pined.  “I’ll just need to feed again and again.”
“You do this so you can live,” Cha-Kun told the young werewolf firmly.  “You are not the sum of your powers.  They are merely a small part of a larger whole.  Now be a man, grow a pair, and do what you need to do to make sure that you have a clear mind.  The Blood Stone of Zerthos will satisfy your thirst.”
Twenty minutes later Sammy was gone with Dodger to Zerthos’s holding place.  Cha-Kun was sitting in the library reading when Amara came in crying.  Cha-Kun set down her red leather-bound book and looked up.
“What’s on your mind?” Cha-Kun asked.
“Sammy’s gone,” Amara told her.
“He went with Dodger to feed,” Cha-Kun told her as she rolled her eyes.  “What else is on your mind?”
“Samuael has been unreasonable these last few days as well, demanding that we, Sammy and I, swear allegiance to your fight!” Amara exclaimed.
“Are you daft enough to think that evil will just stop?” Cha-Kun asked.  “There is nothing positive about being neutral.  That’s the same as supporting those who do evil.  We’re the good guys, remember that.”
“Hitler said the same thing,” Amara told Cha-Kun.
“And he used that to justify the mass murder of millions,” Cha-Kun countered.  “We’re not murderers.”
“What about the Rinzyu?” Amara demanded.
“They are a faction,” Cha-Kun told her.  “My kind doesn’t like to be around humans very much but it’s people like the Rinzyu that force us to linger to protect the humans that they would hurt or force their will upon.”  Cha-Kun thought for a moment.  “You still haven’t seen us really do our work have you?” She asked.  “Well, let me show you,” Cha-Kun told Amara as she waved her hand in front of them.  A cloud like image appeared and became more focused.  “I’m an old soul, having lived for much longer than I care to think of.  Just watch.”
The image became that of a young boy playing with his friends on a hillside.  Amara figured that this was thousands of years ago based on the ancient Mediterranean clothing that the boys were wearing.  Things were going fine until five horsemen came before them, swords drawn.  Three of the boy’s friends were slaughtered.  The boy became bright as finely polished gold and he fell to his knees screaming.  The glow shot out from his body and vaporized the horsemen.  The remainder of his friends were terrified but otherwise fine.  The boy collapsed and was left there by his friends.  When the others returned, they had brought elders with them.  The hero boy was tied to an alter and was slaughtered as per their laws.
Amara gasped.  The boy had done nothing wrong.  He had saved his friends lives and he was killed for it.  She nervously looked over at Cha-Kun.
“That was my first life,” Cha-Kun told her.  “It gets better.”
The image was now of an older teen living in Greece.  She was tending to her livestock when she her home was being raided.  Her younger siblings were in danger and she went to protect them.  The raiders were nothing more than savage barbarians, looting for themselves and without reason.  She fought them well enough, maiming about a dozen before she was knocked out by a large club.  When she came to her captors tried to burn her alive.  The fire would not touch her.  The ropes broke and she commanded the fire to eat the barbarians alive and it did.  She then frantically searched for her family but it was too late.  She found them on the other side of the village, crucified and burned alive.  She screamed in agony until her breath became flames.  She passed out from lack of air.  When she awoke this time she was executed for being a witch by the Christian Church.
“Living with our powers is a curse,” Cha-Kun told Amara.  “We are murdered for being different, for being able to do things differently.  That’s why my kind does one of two things, find and relocate others to a safe place in the Nexus, or become warriors who fight to protect those that live here on Earth.  Do you know what will happen when the humans die out?  My kind gets control of the Earth.  You see, we don’t have an afterlife like you humans do.  We’re not allowed to have that kind of rest, free from reincarnation.  We just keep coming back and back with the painful memories of seeing our loved ones either disown us or die because of us.  All we want is some peace, a nice home to call our own, and to be left to our own devices.  Humans don’t understand and they try to force their laws upon us.  I’m sick of it.  They just don’t give a damn about my kind.  Samuael keeps saying that we have to show them that we’re made of better stuff, to win them over.  All they see are monsters, and we’re forced to live in the shadows here.”
Her bitter words pierced Amara’s heart.  Amara now began to understand those around her, those with abilities that made them stand out.  She began to realize that their powers were no different that race or sexuality.  It wasn’t their choice to make.  It was simply their fate.
“How could you forgive me?” Amara said slowly as she came to terms with what she had finally learned.  “I was terrible to you.”
“I’m use to this,” Cha-Kun told her.  “Sammy’s not.  He needs more love and support than even he realizes.”
“Will he be reincarnated too?” Amara asked.
“Yeah,” Cha-Kun said.  “He might be a reincarnation already, I can’t tell you for sure.”
“Do you think that Dodger and Alice will forgive me?” Amara asked.
“You’d be dead already if they didn’t want to forgive you.” Cha-Kun said without a moment’s hesitation.  “Our laws are pretty simple.  That trial was a joke, really, for us anyway.  You and Sammy must have been scared shitless.  Betrayal is punishable by death, you know.  So, you see, you two were lucky to still be alive by the end of it.”
“Is taking slaves a part of your way of life?” Amara demanded.
“Yeah,” Cha-Kun said.  “And slavery isn’t for life as you are thinking.”  Amara tried to interrupt but was silenced.  “You see, it is used as a teaching method, mostly for humility.”
“That sounds a little backwards for a people that just want to be left to their own devices,” Amara pointed out.
“Our laws are clear that those entrusted to our care weather it be child, apprentice, or slave be not tortured or killed,” Cha-Kun told Amara.  “However, firm punishment is fine.”
“They could have killed Sammy,” Amara blurted out.
“They wouldn’t have,” Cha-Kun said coolly.  “Remember, we’re the good guys here.”
“Sometimes it’s hard to tell,” Amara told Cha-Kun.
“We’re firm, swift, and blunt,” Cha-Kun said with a shrug.  “But that’s just how my people have been for five thousand years.”
“Tact is not a saving grace,” Amara remarked.
“They are a well mannered breed,” A man said as he came over to them.  He was young looking, mid-thirties, and everything about him was average.  His left arm was in a sling.  There was something slightly familiar about him.
“Who are you to speak on such matters?” Cha-Kun demanded.
“One who has studied them for longer than you have lived,” The man told Cha-Kun.  “But you’re rather young yet, not even two years old are you?”
“How’d you know?” Cha-Kun asked suspiciously.
“I know plenty about your kind, you line in particular.” The man told her.  “You’re much more beautiful than I thought you might be, by the way.  I’m sure if you had parents that they would be proud of you.”
“Amara, don’t,” Cha-Kun said calming down the adult.  Cha-Kun looked over at the man.  “Just exactly who are you?”
“The name’s Saint,” The man told Cha-Kun with a nod.  “That will do for now.”
“What are you?” Cha-Kun asked.
“Different,” Saint responded with a proud smile.
“What brings you here?” Cha-Kun asked.
“I’m here to kill an old monster,” Saint told her with a fond smile.  He realized that he was disturbing Amara with his attitude.  “Human?” He asked Cha-Kun in German.
“What gave her away?” Cha-Kun responded in the same language.
“Everything,” Saint said with a chuckle as he shook his head.  
“What was that about?” Amara demanded.  “It’s rude to speak different languages in front of people that you’re talking about.”
“You remind me of a woman I once knew,” Saint said.  “But that was a different life.”


Chapter 32

Dodger and Sammy returned from Zerthos in a few hours’ time.  Sammy was well fed and could stand to be in his own skin for a while now.  When the two walked into the war room Dodger gasped at the sight of Saint.
“You know why I’m here,” Saint told him.  “I will not stop you from coming along but I will ask that you stay out of my way.”
“This should be my mission!” Dodger shouted at Samuael.  “Why does he get to do this?!”
“He’s not careless,” Scott said as he appeared from some white mist.  “Besides, you lack the power that he…”
“Can manipulate,” Saint supplied.  “I doubt that I’ll be doing much more than this mission.  I just want to know the name of the person who brought him back.”  Saint was being direct and ambiguous at the same time.  Only those who knew the conversation well enough had a clue as to what they were talking about.
“I don’t know who spoke his name,” Dodger told Saint.  “You’ll need my help if you’re to stop him.”
“Please,” Saint scoffed.  “You couldn’t even take out Sly on your own.”
Tensions were rising higher.  Saint had said something of grave offense.  He knew it and they knew it.  To an outsider, Saint seemed cold and arrogant.  Only those that knew him knew that Saint was more than just an average sort of fellow.
“He took out the Rinzyu,” Sammy blurted out, defending Dodger.
“But not by his power alone,” Saint said as he shot a dirty look to the young werewolf.  “Your little band of misfits aren’t ready for this.  That’s why I’m going to stop him.  I just came here to get an empath to help me complete my mission.”
“I’ll go,” Cha-Kun offered.
“Alice,” Saint told the Elf.  “Is she ready?”
“No,” Alice told him.  “I’ll go with you in her stead.”
“Very well,” Saint said looking over at Cha-Kun.  “You need to train a little bit more.  Come here my child and I shall enhance your powers.”
Cha-Kun did as she was told.  Saint laid his hands on her head and muttered a blessing.  Cha-Kun started to glow blue and then a rush of wind seemed to gust up from her feet.  Her psychic powers and knowledge increased drastically.  She now knew for sure who Saint really was.
Saint looked around the room.  Scott nodded in approval of their plan.  Dodger and Sammy gave equally puzzled looks as three small beams of golden light shot out of Saint’s head.  Sammy, Alice, and Dodger began to glow as a wave of energies filled them.
“Dodger, Sammy,” Saint said once the glow died down.  “You two will now be able to transform at will without any pain or residue.  Alice, you now can heal people with a touch as long as they were innocent of their injuries.”
“Why are you giving us these powers?” Dodger asked.
“Because you guys are the replacements,” Saint said.  “After this, I should be gone, forever.  I don’t want to have to worry about my home while I’m floating in the Nexus.”

~

Saint and Alice were heading for a small house in Alberta, Canada.  The house remained on the outskirts of the town.  It was in good order, almost too picture perfect.  There was a sickening energy around it.  Alice almost fainted from the hatred flowing from the house.
“Come on out!” Saint yelled.  “Face me!”
A man appeared in the doorway.  He was taller than average, more muscular than average.  His eyes were jet black, his skin an unnatural shade of grey.  His hair was short and spiky.  He was dressed in combat fatigues similar to what Dodger wore.  He was a stark contrast to Saint.
Saint was dressed in brown boots, khaki pants, brown belt with a silver buckle, a white tee shirt and a black vest.  Saint’s dirty blonde hair was somewhat shaggy.  His eyes were turning from green to white.  His skin was sun-kissed.  There was a crackle of electricity in his eyes and his body pulsed with energy.  He became more muscular and taller.
Alice made her move.  She locked eyes with the man for a moment.  That was all she needed to do to get her grip on the man.  She sent a wave of uncertainty through the man.  He shuttered.
Saint attacked.  He rushed the man.  The two became entangled in a string of combination attacks.  Saint knocked the man through a column of the front porch.  The man came running after Saint as he rolled out of his fall.  Saint threw the man hard onto the ground.  The rock and soil quickly covered the man.
The man struggled to rise from his growing tomb.  He tried to rip his arms out of the ground but found it to be rather impossible.  Saint smirked as a ball of white and purple light formed in his hands.  Slowly the ball of light grew in size and as it did Saint raised it above his head.  The ball ballooned in size until it was larger than a small tank.  Saint smashed the ball against the man, causing a large explosion.  Saint looked over at Alice and kept her safe in a force field.  The house was gone, as was most everything in a two-hundred foot range.  The man’s clothes were tattered and torn.  He was gasping from his hole in the ground.
“Impressive,” Saint said.  “But you should have stayed dead.”  A long sword appeared in Saint’s right hand.  Saint ran after the half-buried man.  The man pulsed and released himself from the earthy prison.  The man rushed Saint, knocked the sword aside and grabbed Saint by the skull and smashed him into the ground.  Saint’s body became like an illusion at the moment of impact and floated through the man.  Saint turned around quickly and reached for the man’s spine.  Saint’s hand solidified around the spine and he ripped it out of the man’s body.  Saint reached for his sword and took the man’s head.  There was a blast of dark energy as the man died.
“That was…” Alice said as she caught her breath.
“Hold on,” Saint said as he pointed to the body as it started to heal.  Saint clapped his hands together and pulled them apart.  The electricity crackled between his hands and a ball of white energy formed.  Saint hurled it at the man.  This time there was a larger explosion of white light in the form of a column.  There was no body left, no trace of the man.  Saint blinked and the land was restored.  He then collapsed.

~

Alice was standing over Saint when he recovered.  Saint groaned as he tried to sit up.  His body was spent.  He knew that he didn’t have much time left.
“You were good sis,” Saint said as he struggled to breathe.  “I’m proud of you.”
“You were being a dick, you know,” Alice firmly told Saint.
“Can’t be good all the time,” Saint said with a pain inducing chuckle.  He coughed up some blood.  “I should be dead right now.”
“You’ll be fine,” Alice said, trying to assure Saint.
“Why’d you save me?” Saint asked.  “Why didn’t you let me shatter into a million tiny bits of golden light?”
“You have a lot of explaining to do to all of us,” Alice told her brother.  “Why the ruse?”
“Get me back to HQ and I’ll tell you, that is if you can keep me alive long enough,” Saint told her as he coughed up more blood.
Alice teleported the two back to Rome where Samuael could help maintain Saint until he had told them why.  Samuael was in shock that Saint was still alive.  Samuael shot of a beam of silver energy at Saint, stabilizing him for the time being.  When everyone was gathered, Saint began to tell his tale.
“Sorry for the deception,” Saint told them.  “Francisco Creed wasn’t the complete deal.  He was merely half of me, the mostly human half.  I was untimely ripped away from him.  I refused to die so I didn’t.  With Francisco dead, I became mortal.  I learned that the more I used my powers the quicker I’d expire.  I couldn’t risk my life for something trivial.  The one that I defeated tonight.  He was perhaps the most evil of our kind.  My final act,” Saint said as he coughed up more blood.  “Is to strike his name from all recorded history.  May no one speak it lest he rise again.”  There was a blinding flash of light and Saint was gone.
Samuael looked at the others gathered around him.  Cha-Kun and he were the only two that knew the name of the man that Saint killed this day.  Neither had any desire to speak the name.  It was like invoking a terrible plague.


Chapter 33

Five years passed.  Cha-Kun, Dodger, Alice, Amara, and Sammy were visiting the United States on a holiday.  The day seemed to be just like any other.  They were spending time together as a family.  A rare treat nowadays.
Cha-Kun had changed drastically since she encountered Saint.  She had learned that there was a path to immorality and those desperate enough would stop at nothing to achieve it.  She saw the shattered person that was Saint and she was determined never to end up like him, addicted to combat, holding on to go out in a blaze of glory.
Dodger was more disciplined.  He had become a true hero and a Ranger.  He learned of selflessness and knew well how to use his retractable backbone.  His typical cover was that of a missionary.
Alice was now a therapist helping those who had been possessed to cope with life after demons or angels.  She was rather successful, especially since Saint had boosted her powers substantially.  
Amara and Sammy grew together and learned that the world was vastly different than what they had previously believed it to be.  They saw all manners of creatures.  Amara was fascinated in those that could walk between the Nexus and their world.  Sammy had learned to control his urges to feed and with Amara’s help had mastered himself.
The group was eating at a Friendly’s.  They were talking and having a good time.  Life with the humans seemed so peaceful.  Everyone was enjoying themselves on the outside porch.  This was one of the few places where Dodger could still smoke.
Dodger lit his cigarette and took a long drag.  He was enjoying himself.  He didn’t have a care in the world at the moment.  That was perhaps the best he had felt in a while.
“You actually seem normal,” Cha-Kun said with a giggle to Dodger.
“I miss these days,” Dodger said warmly.  “The fresh air, the smoking, and the burgers.”
“Excuse me,” The waiter said as he came over.  “I know that this is a smoking section but I have a complaint from a few of the people inside.”
“I’m outside,” Dodger said with a puzzled tone.  “And they are inside, away from me.  Whatever,” Dodger said as he put his cigarette out on the top of his hand.
“You didn’t flinch,” The waiter said slowly.
“It’s only fire,” Dodger told him.  “Now, if you wouldn’t mind telling them that I am offended that they are not eating kosher.”  The waiter was dumbstruck.  “You see how silly that request is?  What they eat does not affect me, nor does what I smoke away from them harms them.”
Dodger threw a hundred dollars down on the table and proceeded to walk over to other customers in the dinning room.  A heated argument broke out.  Dodger won and came back.
“What the heck was that about?” Amara asked.
“Ignorant fools,” Dodger said.  “We should get out here while we have time.  The laws have changed a bit.  It is apparently illegal to be of any non-Christian religion here.  The fundamentalists have taken over.”
A fundamentalist takeover was something that they had not been made aware of.  It was apparently a grassroots movement that had spread into a state level of influence.  This was a frightful situation.
“We should leave,” Alice told them.  “No good will come of our staying here.”
“Let’s go then,” Dodger said as he stood up and got ready to leave.  The others followed suit.  Two police cars arrived.  The four officers approached the group.
“We’re here on a complaint,” One of the officers told them.
“We’re just getting ready to leave,” Dodger told them.
“You realize that we could arrest all of you,” another officer told them.  “For merely making false statements about religion.”
“I’m a missionary,” Dodger told them.  “There’s no problem.”
“What denomination?” Another officer asked.
“That should matter not,” Dodger told him.
“You will let us go,” Cha-Kun told them.
“We’re letting you go this time,” One of the officers told them.  “Just don’t let it happen again.”
The group left and began to walk down the street towards a movie theater.  Everyone’s eyes checked the marquee in disbelief.  All the movies that were playing were rated no higher than PG.  Dodger was grumbling under his breath.
“Can I help you find a movie to suit your tastes?” a box office clerk asked.
“The new Bond movie was suppose to be out this week,” Dodger said.  “How come you don’t have it?”
“Why would we have a movie that doesn’t have good wholesome values playing in our theater?” The clerk asked.
“We’re on vacation,” Dodger told the clerk.  “And we would like to see the new Bond movie.  If you would be so kind as to tell me where I might go to be able to see it then we’ll be on our way.”
“No place around here will have,” The clerk told them with a confused tone.  “You must not pay much attention to the news either.  The Moral Majority controls all aspects of the media now.”
Dodger gripped the ridge of his nose in disbelief and exhaled slowly.  He looked at the others and shook his head.  This was not the same country that they had fled from five years ago.
“We’re going back to Ridgewood then to Canada.” He told them.  “I will not have our vacation wasted in a land such as this.”
“That sounds like treason,” The clerk nervously told them.

The group was eagerly trying to figure out the strange lands in which they were.  Nothing made much sense.  They went back to Ridgewood, where Francisco Creed had once lived.  Dodger went to talk to Goldman.
Goldman was surprised to see Dodger.  He was not angry or saddened that Dodger had returned but was glad.  Dodger wasn’t sure how to react.
“What happened?” Dodger asked.
“The Moral Majority took over after the Rinzyu incident.” Goldman explained.  “They saw that anyone who was different was evil.  Since the Rinzyu were mostly non-Christian occultists who openly opposed organized religion the Moral Majority gained a foothold created by fear and hate.  No one can stand up to them, the Moral Majority that is.  They have their claws into everything.  They’re regulating the spread of information.  They’ve made non-Christian religious texts illegal.  Martial arts is also illegal now as well, along with boxing and just about any other form that teaching some kind of combat.  There is no long any violence in the media either.  It is terrible.  They are going to destroy this land.  You’ve got to help.”
“I thought that my kind were monsters in your eyes.” Dodger said cautiously.  “Don’t your texts teach that people like me should be hunted down and killed?”
“You live in virtue,” Goldman assured Dodger.  “Why would you be worthy of a nasty end like that?”
“Because not only am I werewolf but I’m also gay,” Dodger bitterly told the rabbi.
“No one is perfect,” Goldman assured Dodger.  “You know, the books said that people born like you, different with powers, were not only monsters but they were also the heroes of old.  The flood happened because the others like you were sharing knowledge with the humans, such as metal working and medicine: things that we weren’t suppose to know.”
“What would you have me do?” Dodger asked.  “I’m a Ranger who deals with the paranormal, not humans.”
“This is a corrupt system that they are creating.” Goldman told him.  “Prove that they’re wrong.  Expose their ignorance before it’s too late.”
“It’s too late,” Dodger told him.  “There’s no way that I can fight, not on my terms, anyway.”
“Have you so little faith child,” Goldman asked.
“I’m older than you,” Dodger reminded the Rabbi.
“Continue to do your good works my son,” Goldman told Dodger.  “But do not hide behind your masks.  Be yourself.  You know the laws as well as Francisco did, of that I’m sure.”
Dodger did not like the situation.  He made sure to have Samuael send over all the right paperwork for their little group to have full diplomatic immunity.  Samuael sent over the dog tags and United Nations paperwork.  With those in arm, the group was ready to make a difference.
Cha-Kun was using her psychic abilities to pin-point problem areas where their talents would be best put to use.  The largest place was a public high school.  The problems there included the persecution of non-Christians, homosexuals, and those born with some kinds of talents that the average humans lacked.  Even those with extremely high or low I.Q.s were detained.  This was all done in the name of the greater good.  Everyone was prepared for the worst possible outcome: civil war.


Chapter 34

Cha-Kun and Sammy were visiting the High School, posing as transfer students.  The day started off early at five a.m..  They were blending in fine.  They got their books and looked like average students.  Sammy didn’t like the fact that he couldn’t wear his emo clothes but he kept quiet about it.  There was a school dress code that enforced conformity in wear.
They were eating breakfast in the cafeteria.  Cha-Kun was reading a book about Guy Faux.  A teacher came over to them, noticing that they were new.  She took the book from Cha-Kun and began to read a little about it.
“This is banned literature,” She told Cha-Kun.  “You could get a detention for having this.  What do you have to say for yourself?”
“It’s my first day in this country,” Cha-Kun said in a thick German accent.  “I did not realize that reading about history was discouraged in a learning institution.”
“You need to keep your attitude in check,” The teacher warned.
“Why is reading English history forbidden?” Cha-Kun asked.
“It just is,” The teacher told Cha-Kun.  “What is your name and your parents’ contact information?” The teacher demanded.  “It sounds like we need to have a talk about the rules.”
“I am a ward of the United Nations,” Cha-Kun said producing her dog tags and papers.  “You’ll find that everything checks out.”
“I should expel you for that,” The teacher told them.  Dodger approached them.
“What seems to be the problem?” Dodger asked.
“This student is reading a banned book and talking back,” The teacher told Dodger.
“Why is a book on English history banned?” Dodger asked.
“Who are you?” The teacher demanded of Dodger.
“Cornelius Darter,” Dodger told her.  “I’m a traveling missionary here from Italy.”  Dodger explained.  “I was asked to keep an eye on CK and Sammy here.”
“Foreign literature is forbidden, along with comic books, graphic novels, non-Christian texts, books that support heretics like Darwin, and romance novels.” The teacher explained.
“That makes little sense,” Dodger said shaking his head is disbelief.  “Cha-Kun, why don’t you stick to writing in your notebook for fun for now?”
“Sure thing,” Cha-Kun said as she handed her book over to Dodger.
“Do you know about Guy Faux?” Dodger asked the teacher.  “He believed that governments should fear their people.”
“Radical thinking like that is dangerous and illegal,” the teacher said fearfully.
“Then it is a good thing that we cannot be arrested as we are not American citizens nor can we be deported,” Dodger informed her.
“What you are encouraging is immoral,” the teacher told Dodger.
“Since when is history immoral?” Dodger demanded.  “Books are tools for learning and should be nothing more but people tend to turn them into weapons.  If you try to limit what one can read then you shut down any hope at compassion and understanding.  We are to love one another, despite out differences.  The ability to forgive is what makes us worthwhile creatures, not the circumstances of our births.  Remember that.”
“And I’m sure that you have no problem with the mixing of races either?” the teacher demanded.
“Race?” Dodger asked.  “We’re all Earthlings.  Where we’re from has no baring on love.”
“You’re a race traitor!” the teacher declared.
“You’re daft woman,” Dodger said as he looked at Sammy and Cha-Kun.  “You two, behave yourselves today, no fights, and be careful about speaking.  This is a dangerous place where having a mind of our own is apparently against the law.”
“You dare mock our laws?!” The teacher demanded.
“Laws that prohibit understanding are pointless in my opinion,” Dodger told her.  “If we make no efforts to understand our fellow man then we are no better than savage beasts.  Only through understanding can we find and maintain peace in this world!  Good day to you.  Children, may you stay in the Light.”
“And you as well,” Sammy said warmly.
Sammy and Cha-Kun were fine for the remainder of the morning.  Neither of them talked much during the history class.  During gym, they had to try really hard not to show off.
Hitting the showers after gym was when they both had problems of their own develop.  Cha-Kun had no problem with modesty.  Her back was littered with various scars from her work with Dodger.  On her chest was a tattoo, a mark of protection.  It was faded mark but people took note of it.
“What happened to your back,” One girl asked.
“I was pulling a kid out of a burning building,” Cha-Kun told her.  “And a section of roof collapsed on top of me.”  This was the usual line that was given to the scars question.  Burning debris was something that few people would ever question.
“How about that tattoo?” Another girl asked.
“It’s a long story,” Cha-Kun told them.  “The short and long of it is that I am an orphan, I was found and had no memories of my life before.  I had this mark on me.  No one knows what it means.”
The rest of the time cleaning up was silent.  No one seemed to have anything else to say to Cha-Kun.  Sammy, on the other hand was not so lucky.
Sammy’s emo mannerisms were catching up with him.  He was still fidgety most of the time.  He also was pining for eyeliner and nail polish.  He was having almost as difficult a time in the showers as Cha-Kun had.
“Where you from?” One guy asked.
“Most recently Italy,” Sammy told them as he lathered up.  The smells were starting to get rancid.  “Someone still needs to shower out there.  They got the funk and it’s making me sick.” Sammy said quietly to himself.  It turned out the stench was coming from the quarterback from his football game.  He came over and shoved his armpit into Sammy’s face.  Sammy reacted by chopping him in the ribs and palm striking him back.  “I like my personal space Todd.  Do that again and you’ll be picking up teeth.”  
“Who taught you how to move like that?” another boy asked.
“My mentor,” Sammy said without thinking.  “It’s dangerous for a person to be defenseless.  People tend to hurt those that they do not understand.”  Sammy said then went to wash his hair.  Todd went to tackle Sammy from behind.  Sammy sidestepped and Todd ran head first into the tiled wall.  Sammy rolled Todd over onto his side from his face plant then got the soap out of his eyes.  He toweled off and went to get dressed.
The coach came into the locker room after hearing about Todd.  Sammy had just finished putting on his pants, socks, and shoes.  The coach stopped him from putting on the shirt.  Like Cha-Kun, Dodger, Francisco, and Alice, he had become further scarred by his occupation.  He already had been scarred from his father’s belt eight years ago.
“What happened to you?” The coach asked.
“Ever been tortured for being different?” Sammy asked.  “I was.  That has made me a little more aggressive, I suppose.  Now, I’d rather not talk about my scars.”
“What did you do to Todd,” The coach asked.
“He knocked himself out after he tried to tackle me in the showers,” Sammy angrily told the coach.  “I don’t horseplay.  I don’t like getting picked on, and I just want to be left alone.  He could not respect that, he shoved his smelly armpit in my face, I knocked him back and he tried to tackle me.  That was what happened.  I had the courtesy to roll him over on his side in case he started to vomit, though.”
The coach warned Todd to stay away from Sammy.  The coach described Sammy as being like an injured dog, reckless and willing to fight to protect himself at all costs.  The coach also informed Todd that if any of his friends went after Sammy that it would all fall back on him.
Sammy finished getting dressed when was stopped by a small meek kid.  He had beautiful blue eyes and brown hair.  He looked like an angel.  Sammy could see traces of faint makeup on the boy.
“Can I help you?” Sammy asked.
“No one’s ever stood up to Todd before,” The boy told Sammy.
“By any chance,” Sammy said looking around to make sure that they were alone.  “You wouldn’t happen to have anything like eyeliner would you?”
“What would make you ask that,” The boy nervously asked.
“I need to express myself,” Sammy told the boy.  “Oh, my name would be a good start, I suppose, if we are to be friends.  I’m Sammy Villa-Lobos.” Sammy said offering his hand to the boy.
“I’m Theodore Bear,” The boy said.
“Your parents hated you, didn’t they?” Sammy said without thinking.  “Well, I suppose then that it’s just your good fortune that you are so adorable looking.”
“Are you like me?” Theodore asked hopefully.
“Different,” Sammy said.  “Yes, I am quite different than anyone at the school.  I think that we’re going to be good friends.  You can show me the ins and outs of this place and I’ll keep you safe.”
“You know how to actually fight?” Theodore asked.
“Yeah,” Sammy said.  “I was trained to fight back in Italy.”
“What’s it like, to live in a place where you can actually be yourself?” Theodore asked.
“It’s wonderful,” Sammy said.  “Perhaps we’ll both get lucky and you’ll be able to come back with me for holiday.”
“You have to be in the government to get a travel visa now,” Theodore explained.
“Ain’t that a kick to the teeth,” Sammy said in disappointment.  “I’ll think of something.  I have plenty of friends in high places.”  Sammy snapped his fingers.  “I know, a student travel visa.  See, I can find solutions.”
“You don’t know American law very well do you?” Theodore asked.
“You mean to tell me that they’ve scrapped the Bill of Rights?” Sammy asked.
“For all intents and purposes saying it was for the greater good.” Theodore told Sammy.
The two became quick friends.  Sammy was not use to having to blend in.  Theodore was essential for Sammy to stay under the radar.  Classes were fine for the next hour or so.  The two went to lunch.
Sammy opened up his lunch bag and was delighted in what he had: a pound of deer jerky, two red apples, a small jar of honey, and a sizeable bottle of iced tea.  Theodore’s eyes grew large at the sight of all that food.
“Tuck in if you want some,” Sammy said.  “Do I look like I eat this much every day?”  Sammy was still as scrawny as the day he went to live with the group of misfits.  With that in mind and him being a werewolf he could easily eat five pounds of meat in a single sitting for a snack.
“Leave me alone!” Cha-Kun exclaimed from the other side of the cafeteria.  Sammy looked over and saw Todd and his friends ganging up on CK.  Sammy headed over there with Theodore in foot.
“Let my sister go,” Sammy told Todd as he figured out the odds: seven on two, not counting Theodore.  “She’s not worth the trouble.”
“It looks like the freak found himself a little boyfriend,” One of Todd’s friends said mockingly as he went to grab Theodore.  Sammy scooted the boy behind him, just out of reach.
“What is your big freaking problem?” Sammy demanded.  “Why can’t you guys just take the hint that we don’t give a damn about you guys and that we just want to be left alone?”  One of the boys revealed a small lock-back knife.
“Let me,” Cha-Kun told Sammy.  She focused on the teen with the knife.  The hand with the knife was guided to slice one of his friends in the arm.  The one with the knife then went after another one of the bullies.  The trio backed away and then bolted for the nearest door whilst panic filled the lunchroom.  They were stopped by one of the school resource officers.
“What’s going on?” She asked.
“Some guys cornered us and then one of them attacked the others with a knife.” Theodore quickly told the officer.  “You better go get help, quick.”
The school went on lockdown after the incident.  The principal wanted answers.  He wanted to know everything about what happened.  The boy with the knife said he didn’t remember stabbing his friends.  Cha-Kun and Sammy were brought in for questioning.
“It’s clearly a steroid problem,” Sammy said in a matter-of-fact tone.  “People who abuse steroids can sometimes have memory lapses and are prone to angry outbursts for no reason.  As for having a knife, I can’t explain why a student would need one.”
“Were either of you scared?” The principal asked them.
“We just arrived from Italy,” Cha-Kun explained.  “The laws here terrify us.  There is no such thing as liberty here, not that I can tell.  A book on English history was taken away from me this morning.  What kind of land is this where education is limited?”
“You don’t understand what happened,” the principal told them.  “About five years the Rinzyu were taken out by a group of unusual individuals who became outlaws.  They all had sorts of odd demonic powers.  Everything that has changed has been to prevent those sort of things from happening again.”
“How do you know that those powers are demonic?” Sammy asked.  “What if the ones who got rid of the Rinzyu were like real life guardian angels?”
“They were a group of possessed monsters who lived in a little Jewish community of Ridgewood.”  The principal went on.  “It was clear that they were using the old occultic ways to get their powers.”
“What proof was there?” Sammy demanded.
“I don’t understand,” The principal said.
“What proof is there that they were using demonic or occultic powers?” Sammy said clarifying.  “Were there books or charts or what?”
“I actually don’t know for sure,” The principal admitted.
“So you are controlled by fear then,” Sammy said.
“Same thing happened to a German people many years ago,” Cha-Kun said.  “They started rounding up the non-Christians, banning their texts, different free thinking texts as well, travel was restricted, anyone who didn’t fit a particular lifestyle was put into concentration camps.”  Cha-Kun thought for a moment.  “Are there any concentration camps that have been recently established here?”
“I don’t like where this is going,” The principal told them.
“This Moral Majority crap is just that,” Cha-Kun told the principal.  “I’m going to study whatever history I want to study, I’m going to read the books that I want to read, and I’m going to keep my non-Christian beliefs.  I will not be bullied by some jackasses into changing who I am because they think that I’m wrong.”
“This is a total lack of checks and balances,” Sammy brilliantly told the principal.  “There is no government control if they are trampling on the liberties of those seeking religious freedom in this land.  I am offended to be here, actually.  Between the bullies in the school and the laws of this land, I’m amazed that nothing terrible has…”  Sammy’s heart sank.  Something was terribly wrong.  “CK,” He said turning to Cha-Kun.  “Do you know how Teddy’s doing?”
Cha-Kun’s eyes shifted around for a moment.  Teddy was busy getting beaten to a bloody pulp but the remainder of Todd and his friends.  Cha-Kun blinked and the bloodied up boy was safely in Amara’s care.
“He’ll recover,” Cha-Kun assured Sammy.  “However, he was being jumped by Todd and his friends that weren’t put into custody.”
Both Cha-Kun and Sammy stood up.  They knew a lost cause when they saw it.  They were done chewing gum.  Now they were going to start kicking butt and taking names.  Human on human violence was something that they did not care for, but picking on someone that is way smaller and weaker was never acceptable.
“I’m not through with you two,” The principal firmly told them.
“You are,” Cha-Kun told him.  He stared blankly at the two.
“You two need to get back to class.” He told them.


Chapter 35

Cha-Kun and Sammy went to go hunting.  Todd and his friends were found in the weight room working out.  Cha-Kun locked the door behind them.  It was now two-on-one odds.
“You guys just don’t get a hint,” Sammy said.  “You attack me, you attack my sister, and then you attacked and maimed my friend.  You guys are pathetic and weak, physically and morally.”
One of the guys tried taking a swing at Sammy.  Sammy stepped back and grabbed the guys arm and pulled him to the ground.  Todd then tried to take a swing with one of the smaller hand weights.  Sammy snapped his arm.
“What the hell is wrong with you?” Sammy asked as the remaining two attacked him at once.
“This is gonna be fun,” Cha-Kun said as she stepped back.  She leaned against the wall, her right knee raised and her foot on the wall.  She leaned forward to watch the beat down and smiled deviously.
Sammy’s fingernails grew longer and his teeth sharper.  His muscles bulged slightly under his baggy clothes.  His fist smashed into one of the two attackers’ fists, breaking it.  Sammy quickly turned around and slashed the other’s face.  The one boy that got away without a serious injury was whimpering.
“You’re either with us or against us,” Sammy told the boy.  “Tell me what did you guys do to Theodore and why?”
“We were thrashing him around because he’s a fruit,” The boy said trying to cower himself into a ball.  “I was just going along with the others, honest.”
“You are just as guilty as the rest of them,” Sammy warned him.  “Give me one reason why I shouldn’t rip your arms off right now.  Tell you what,” Sammy said thinking for a moment.  “Give me the name of the one that told you that it was okay to terrorize those that are born different.”
“But people like Theodore don’t have rights,” The boy stammered.
“Then neither do you,” Sammy said as he pinned the boy down and snarled enough for him to see his razor sharp teeth.  “We are all of this Earth and all have the same natural given rights.  The moment you take it away from who is different that is the moment that government needs to reminded that they are there to serve all peoples.”

~

Meanwhile, Dodger and Alice were having an equally disturbing day.  They followed the trail of breadcrumbs to the source of the moral movement.  They ended up at an ultra-conservative Baptist church.  It was with luck that the State Governor was there as well.
“Excuse me,” Dodger said as he interrupted the meeting that was going on.  He displayed his Interpol badge.  “I’m here on official business.  I just need a few moments of your time.” He said looking around.  Alice tried to make everyone feel comfortable enough as to not panic.
“We have nothing to hide,” The Governor told them as she beckoned them to sit down.
“I am here on official business,” Dodger repeated.  “Several human rights issues have been brought to our attention at Interpol.  Most recently, though, just this day, a young homosexual was tortured and beaten to near death in this very state.  He’s in good hands now.  How can any politician let that happen?”
“Homosexuality is just a freak gene,” The Governor told them.  “They are an abomination in the Lord’s eyes anyway so why should they have the same protection of law extended to them anyway?”
“I see,” Dodger said looking around.  “This is a most disturbing turn of events.  You must realize that I do not care very much for distortion of human rights.  You are claiming that homosexuals are not human despite the fact that they are born of human flesh of human parents.”  Dodger shook his head slowly.  “You are under arrest for the endangerment of a people, the endorsement of human rights violations, and signing such legislation into law.”  Dodger informed her.

~

The rest of their day was buried in paperwork.  That was the single thing that Dodger hated but put up for the sake of his job.  Alice thought it funny, watching him peck at the keyboard.
“Why don’t you just take a typing class,” Alice told her brother.
“Because, that’s why,” Dodger said with a smile as he finished up his initial batch of papers.  “Have you checked in with Amara?”
“She finished patching up the boy about two hours ago,” Alice told him.  “She wanted to know if we had anything to get rid of scars.”
“You can once everything is said and done,” Dodger reminded his sister.  “How badly screwed up is the lad?”
“They got him real good,” Alice told him dolefully.  “They were carving words into him.”
“Understood,” Dodger said in a seemingly apathetic tone.  Nothing could be further from the truth.  Dodger was a compassionate person.  He was rough around the edges but that was simply a defense of his.  “And the boy’s parents?”
“Orphan,” Alice informed Dodger.
“What the hell,” Dodger said shaking his head.  “Another orphan?  That’s the…”
“Seventh one in the last two days,” Alice told her brother.  Theodore was the seventh orphaned homosexual child to be beaten and maimed in two days’ time.  “I’ve just informed Scott.  He’s going to see what path of action we should take.”
“Scott won’t be cruel enough,” Dodger told his sister.  “They all need to be taught a lesson here.  There is no excusing the atrocities that are happening, to children no less!”
“We can’t act officially until Scott comes back,” Alice advised Dodger.
“What are you thinking of doing?” Alice asked.
“I say we treat them like the Nazis were treated,” Dodger told her.  “Do you remember the stories that Samuael told us, about his time in the camps?  Cha-Kun is powerful enough to control several people at once.”
“What’s wrong with you?” Alice firmly asked her brother.  “These are human beings we’re talking about, that you’re willing to sacrifice.”
“For the innocent, yes,” Dodger firmly told his sister.  “Always.”


Chapter 36

Amara was sitting by Theodore’s bedside.  She had never treated a human that had been abused in such a manner before.  Theodore’s body was littered with scars and bruising.  He even had a couple of teeth missing.
“Do you need anything?” Amara warmly asked Theodore.
“Something to drink,” Theodore told her as his eyes adjusted to the light.  “Where am I and what happened?”
“The gods have taken mercy on you child,” Amara told the boy.  “You are safe for right now.”
Theodore blinked once then twice.
“What do you mean?” Theodore asked.
“The gods?” Amara asked.  “There are protector gods out there that brought you to me, so that I may tend to your wounds and they to your broken spirit.  I must say, you are the first person that they have sent to me.”  She looked over the boy.  “You seem a lot like my lover.  You wouldn’t happen to be an emo kid would you?”
“Emo… god no, I’m just gay.” Theodore told her.
“And that is why you were saved,” Amara told him.  “You’ve done nothing wrong and you are being persecuted for it.  They took pity on you and saved your life from those that would have murdered you in cold blood.”
“Why are my arms bandaged?” Theodore asked as he realized that most of his body was in fact, wrapped up in gauze.
“Don’t worry,” Amara told him.  “The wounds will heal.  You were cut up pretty bad.  The stitches will be ready to come out in about a week or so.”
Amara explained to Theodore what had happened in great detail.  She explained to him that he was chosen to be a spokesperson for the cruelty that the Mortal Majority movement had imposed on those born differently.  She went on to explain that he will be under the protection of Scott, a person of some importance who was not to be trifled with.
Not even an hour later everyone was starting to arrive home, as it were.  First were Dodger and Alice.  Dodger, covered in blood, wanted nothing more than to take a shower and excused himself.  A bloodied deer was at the back door.  Alice went greet Theodore and comfort him a little bit.  He seemed to be fine and Alice excused herself to get changed and went to clean the deer.
Lastly Cha-Kun and Sammy came home.  They had skipped town to grab a pizza and blow off some steam.  Sammy saw that Theodore was fine and rushed over to hug him but was careful about touching him.
“Thankfully we got you just in time,” Sammy told Theodore.  “Are you okay?  Do you need anything, anything a’toll?”
“Sammy…” Theodore said slowly.  “It’s because of you that I got the stuffing beat out of me.  And it’s because of you that I’m fine.”
“I’m sorry that you had to suffer like that,” Sammy told the boy.  “I hope that you won’t think too ill of me.  I was just thankful that you were pulled to safety before the unthinkable could happen.”
“What’s gonna happen to me after all this is done?” Theodore asked.
“You’ll have a good home Teddy,” Sammy promised the boy.  “I’ll see to it myself.”
“And just where are we going to put him?” Amara asked as she came to check up on Theodore.
“He’s too cute to let the world destroy him,” Sammy admitted.  “I always wanted one just like him.  Can I keep him?”
“You’ll have to spend lots of quality time with him every day,” Amara teased.  “Sure, we’d love to have you with us, Theodore, that is unless there’s some other place you’d rather be.”
And so Teddy became part of the misfits.  He recovered quickly, mostly to Alice’s new healing abilities.  The trials were in place and his testimony was undeniably honest about the treatment of homosexuals under the oppression the Moral Majority.  Several old wounds were opened and exposed, including the hate words carved into his flesh.  


Chapter 37

Life was good for the misfits now, especially Teddy.  Teddy had never known such loving people, despite their dysfunctions.  CK took Teddy under her wing.  She loved the idea of having a younger gay brother in the house.  Chez Creed was a nice home already but it was a rather drab place to live.  CK did the cliché thing and she and Teddy completely redecorated the entire house.
They were having fun repainting the entire house.  Teddy chose a string of bright warm colors and had come up with a way to texture the walls using sponges.  The pair had done so while wearing white overalls.  When finished the house had been painted an assortment of warm colors, some rooms done with stripes, and the two looked a cute mess.
Dodger arrived and looked around the house.  Something was amiss with the walls.  It took a moment for him to realize that they had been painted.  Only the faintest scent of wet paint still lingered.  His eyes shifted around.
“So this is how you two want to spend your spring break?” Dodger asked.  “Painting, using your powers to hurry the drying process, and guiding out the fumes?  Keep up the good work.”  He told them.
“What do you think of the colors?” Teddy asked.
“I’m colorblind,” Dodger said with a raised eyebrow.  “Most werewolves are.”  Dodger sighed.  “I’m sure you chose some wonderful colors but I’m sorry.  I just can’t see them.”
“How do you dress yourself?” Teddy asked.
“That’s pretty easy,” Dodger admitted.  “All my clothes are numbered.  Ever notice how every single day of the week I wear what I wore on that day the previous week?  That was something that Alice did for me.”
“Could you ever see color?” Teddy asked.
“Briefly every now and then,” Dodger admitted.  “When I go for weeks without feeding and I become more human.”  Dodger sounded a bit down heartened at that statement and the kids caught on.
“Your powers really mean that much to you?” CK asked.
“They have a price,” Dodger told them firmly.  “And that price is the ability to see color.  I’m willing to sacrifice that so that others may not have to suffer.”

~

CK, Sammy, and Teddy were going to a new school now.  Teddy hadn’t been cleared to join them in Rome yet so they were left will little choice.  CK hadn’t aged since the day that Alice and Dodger had found her and Sammy hadn’t aged since he was bit by Dodger.  Teddy wasn’t going to get any bigger than he was, at five foot five inches tall.
The new school was extraordinary.  Everything seemed to be well funded.  The school itself was also remarkably clean.  The three were in homeroom when a smaller looking boy than Teddy approached them.  There was an unusual air about him.  He seemed to be rather cheerful.
“Hello,” He said nodding to the trio.  “I’m Casper.”
“Nice to meet you,” CK said.  “I’m CK, and these are my brothers Sammy and Teddy.”
“It’s delightful to meet you,” Casper told them.  “I am on the student welcome committee.  If there’s anything that I can do to help you guys out, please ask.  I can help you find your classes, lunch dates, study partners, that sort of thing.”
“Thank you, Casper,” CK said with a smile.
“What classes are you taking if you don’t mind my asking?” Casper asked.
“I have German IV, Physics, Creative Writing, and Theatre IV,” CK told Casper.
“I have Spanish IV, Physics, Creative Writing, and Theatre IV,” Sammy said.
“Same except I’m taking English IV,” Teddy told him.
“It’s impressive for siblings to take so many classes together.” Casper remarked.  “You must all really get along well.”
“I like to think that we do,” Teddy told Casper.  “Do you have any family here in this school?”
“Nope,” Casper informed them.  “Most of mine are… well, let’s just say that the Moral Majority robbed me of my family long before they took over.”  Casper was a bit bitter in those words as one would be expected to be.  “My focus is on politics because of them.”
“Good for you,” Teddy said.  “I was an orphan because of the MM.  I was adopted by my new family.”
“Perhaps we should leave this conversation for another time,” Casper said as he was starting to feel uncomfortable.
The trio went about their classes.  During theatre they were told to do their life as narrated by someone else.  CK was hesitant.  She had never really be a little kid and was a bit unsure about how some things ought to be typical of growing up, such as skinned knees and the like.
After school CK was slightly upset with herself.  She could do just about anything but she realized she really didn’t know how to play.  She had never kicked a soccer ball or ridden a bike or even played with a doll.
“I’m pathetic,” CK said as she and her brothers walked home.  “I don’t know how humans have fun.”
“What do you mean?” Teddy asked.
“What do I do for fun?” CK asked Teddy.
“You… you either work out or read,” Teddy told her after a little thought.
“Exactly,” CK said.  “I need to find something that normal people do.”
“How about being in a school play?” Teddy suggested.
“What else,” CK said with a smile.
“Sports?” Sammy suggested.
“Anything else?” CK asked.
“Video games?” said Teddy.
“Well, it sounds like we’re going to have our hands full,” CK said opening her wallet.  She looked at the cash that she had, nearly five hundred dollars.  That was her weekly spending money.  She hardly used it for anything.
“What should we do first?” CK asked.
“I heard that the new anime was an awesomely cute,” Teddy suggested.  “That and the superheros games.”
“Sounds like a plan,” CK said.  “Let’s go shopping.”
Sammy called to say that they were going to be late coming home.  Amara was a little ticked off but Sammy assured her that CK just needed to go on a little shopping spree to make herself feel better.
The trio made it to a game store.  CK purchased the latest game console and all the games that Teddy could think of.  She was happy that she’d be doing something normal for a change.
The trio were walking home now when they were stopped in their tracks.  Casper was just ahead of them, getting jumped.  CK gave a sideways look at Sammy and then at Teddy.  She then sighed and gave a dirty look to the bullies that where beating Casper.  CK telekinetically slammed them against the brick walls and then hurled them down the alleyway.
“Some dumb bastards,” CK said as she rushed over to Casper.  “Are you okay buddy?”
“I’ll be fine,” Casper assured her.  CK looked him over.  He was bruised but they were quickly fading.
“No one takes a beating like that and normally gets off with as little damage as you just did.” CK pointed out.
“And you just happened to slam them around with your mind?” Casper asked bitterly.  “You’re not the only ones who are different around here.”
“Cass,” CK said.  “We’re not your enemies here, they are.” CK said jerking her head towards the crumpled bullies.  “Now, why don’t you come have dinner with my family and I?”
“I don’t want your charity,” Casper angrily told her.
“It’s not charity,” CK assured him.  “It’s called being a decent person.  Just remember, you’re not alone, okay?”
Casper looked over at the fallen bullies.  They were starting to come to.  CK looked over.  No one should have been able to recover that quickly.  No one human anyway.
“What are they?” CK asked.
“They are possessed by the Oni,” Kai Cho said as he appeared in a spiral of elements.  He was garbed in his usual silken robes.  A beam of silver light shot out through his eyes, purifying the bullies.  The Oni looked like hulking beastly forms of humans.  Kai Cho this time shot out pure white light from his eyes, vaporizing the monsters.  “And that is how you solve that problem.”  Kai Cho looked over at Casper.  “Not human but… interesting… you are an extremely rare breed my friend.  You have the potential to do so much good.  Don’t let your anger get the best of you.  It would be lamentable to destroy such a wonderful person such as yourself.  If you or they have problems with the Oni again, just let me know.”
“Kai Cho,” CK said looking at the god.  “Why are the Oni a problem right now?”
“There’s no telling, really,” Cho remarked.  “Chances are good that they are being manipulated into doing someone’s dirty work no doubt.”  Kai Cho paused for a moment.  “Be careful young one.  There is still some danger afoot.  You are not master of yourself yet.  Your heart is the key to your vast power, remember that.”  With that said Kai Cho vanished.
“What the hell was all that about?” Sammy asked.
“It seems like we all have some explaining to do,” CK told Casper.  “Come, have dinner with my family tonight.” CK offered Casper again, though this time she clouded his mind until he was without remiss.
“Sure,” Casper said as he took out his phone and sent a quick text.  “I’m just letting my foster family know that I’m going to be with some friends.”
The group walked over to the misfits’ home.  CK was busy talking about video games.  No one mentioned what happened or Kai Cho.  They were just being normal teenagers.
The group walked into the new house.  Chez Creed was no longer under any sort of enchanted protection nor was any of Francisco’s stuff there anymore.  Dodger and Alice ended up giving in a buying a new home: a two story stand alone.  CK and Teddy were in charge of the details around remodeling.
CK went to the living room and began to hook up her new console.  It only took a few minutes.  She was excited.  She popped in the first superhero game she could grab and started to play it.  She was confused about the characters but loved the graphics.
“So,” Casper said as he joined CK.
“So,” CK said, not taking her eyes off of the game.  “What do you have to tell me?”
“What do you mean?” Casper asked.
“I mean about the Oni,” CK said.  Casper tried to move but was unable.  “Don’t worry, we’re all… different here.  I’m a Psyon,” CK told Casper.  “Do you know what that is?”  CK waited for Casper to say something but he remained silent.  “I’m one of the most powerful kinds of psychics alive.  That’s the basis of my powers.  That’s the how and why Kai Cho knows me.  The real question is why were you singled out by the Oni?”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Casper told her.
CK paused the game and set her controller down.  She looked over at the frightened boy.
“You realize that I can go into your mind and pull out the answers if I wanted to, right?” CK told him.  “Now, I’m being nice about this.  I want you to tell me yourself.  I’m not going to hurt you.  I want to help you.  This place is my home for right now.  I want this area to be as safe as possible.  The Oni would be a problem.  Kai Cho said that you were of interest.  I just wanna know why.”
“You don’t give up,” Casper told her.
“Nope,” CK said.  “So, are you gonna spill your beans?”
“You would think of me as a monster,” Casper told her.
“You’re in a house with two werewolves, an elf, a Psyon, and two humans.”  CK told him.  “You must realize that you are some really uncommon company here.”
“I do,” Casper said as he digested what had been told to him.  “I’m still a little uneasy about this.”
“That’s fine,” CK said as she went back to her game.  “Just know that you’re gonna stay put until you divulge a little more about your powers.”
“What do you mean more?” Casper asked.
“Kai Cho is an avatar, a mortal god, who can manipulate all kinds of elements and energies.” CK explained.  “Why else would he think anything of you?”
“There’s more to you and me than what people see of us,” Casper told her.
“Go on,” CK urged him.
“I can see into peoples’ souls and spirits,” Casper told her.  “I know that your powers are something greater than most other peoples.  You are an older soul than just about anyone I’ve met, except for Kai Cho.”
“This is my ninth reincarnation,” Ck informed him.  “If you would allow me the privilege of knowing more about you though.” Ck said offering a hand.  “All I need to do is touch you for a moment and I will know all I need to about your powers.”
“I don’t know everything that I can do,” Casper slowly told CK.
“When you’re ready to find out what your potential is, just offer me your hand,” CK kindly told the scared boy as she went back to her video game.  “I’ll make a deal with you.  I’ll help you understand your powers if you help me understand all the characters in these games.”
“I know as little about them as you do,” Casper admitted.
“I see,” CK said as Teddy and Sammy came into the room.  Teddy started to suffer a joygasm at the sight of the game.
“Teddy,” CK said sweetly.  “Would you mind telling me about the characters in this game?”
“You’ve never seen a movie have you?” Teddy asked.
“No,” Both CK and Casper told the boy.
“This is getting a little creepy,” CK said.  “Casper, just spill it, please, so I know how I can be of some help to you.”
Alice and Dodger arrived home.  Dodger caught Casper’s scent immediately and stormed over.  Alice was quickly behind him.  Dodger was already starting to transform.
“What the hell are you doing here?” Dodger demanded of Casper.
“What the hell is going on?!” CK demanded.
“That thing is a legion,” Dodger informed CK.  “A collection of souls that bonded together and created what is before you.  There’s no telling what that thing is capable of.”
“And how’s he any different from the rest of us?” CK demanded.  “Or how is he any more dangerous than me?  I have the knowledge collected through something like three thousand years over nine different lives.  How is he any different than me, really?”
“Oh let’s see, you weren’t created from black magic,” Dodger shot back.
“Just because he was created out of something like that doesn’t mean that he won’t be one of the good guys,” CK insisted.  “Look at our ancestors.  They were called monsters, granted a lot of them were but some of them were heroes to the bitter end.”
There was about twenty minutes of debate between the two until Alice grew sick and tired of the bickering and calmed both Dodger and CK down.  Alice eyed both of them and they knew not to speak out of turn.
“Casper,” Alice said sweetly.  “I understand you.  I understand your pains.  And I understand where you come from.  Being psychic I can be in two places at once and I have discovered your origin my friend.”  Alice smiled warmly.  “You are something wonderful and I am honored to be in your company.”
Alice went on to explain what Casper really was.  Dodger was right when he said that Casper was a legion.  Dodger was ignorant of whom he was made up of though.  Casper was the made up of all the previous Champions and protectors of Earth.
The how of the situation was almost impossible to understand.  How could the mortal essence of several gods be brought back to life in a single entity?  Cha-Kun was a rare thing but Casper was far rarer.
“With whom do you live?” Dodger asked.
“I live in a foster home,” Casper told them.
“We’ll apply to adopt you,” Alice told Casper.  
“I happen to like my family very much,” Casper sharply
told them.
“What will you do when you have an outburst of your powers?” Dodger asked.  “How will they be able to help you cope with your changes?  How about the presumed post traumatic shock, eh?”
“What are you talking about?” Casper asked.
“Sooner or later the powers of the ones who made you up will come with memories and those memories will be overpowering,” CK told Casper.
There was a brief quake and a flash of light.  Teddy, CK, and Casper were transported to a congruent reality.  CK groaned.  She knew what would be ahead of them.  Something in this world would be amiss and they would have to fix it so they could get home.  She looked around while the boys adjusted to what had just happened.


Chapter 38

CK, Casper, and Teddy were in a two story house in a dark bedroom.  Casper gasped as he recalled what this room was.  In a past life it had been his bedroom whilst he had lived with the humans.  CK felt the tense emotions in the air.
“This isn’t a safe place, emotionally,” CK told them.  “Cass, please don’t act unless I tell you to.  Same for you Ted.”  CK said as she took command of the situation.  There was a knock on the bedroom door.  CK opened it.  A woman in her mid-twenties was standing on the other side.
“Alex, you know better than to have company in your room and to have the door shut,” She told them nastily.
“Relax,” CK told her warmly.  “There’s nothing afoot here.  We were just about to go for a walk.”
“You three are just gonna fuck around,” The woman jeered.
“We’re just gonna go for a walk,” Casper told her.  “And perhaps get some pop or something.”
“It’s called soda,” The woman corrected Casper.
“Whatever,” Casper said.  “We are just going out, no need to worry about us.  Everything will be fine and we’re going to stay out of trouble.”
“Sure you three were,” The woman said suspiciously.  “I’m sure you three are just going to find a place so you can fuck.” She told them.
“I don’t give a damn about sex,” Casper told her.  “I want nothing to do with it.  Not after what I went through.”
“I’m sure you liked being molested.” The woman sneered.
“Piss off,” Casper told her.  “I was in hell while that was going on, all because I was being chivalrous.  But look at yourself, a whore.  You’d give it away for a six pack.”
“Who knows, maybe you’ll turn out to be a faggot,” She laughed.
“Actually,” Casper forcefully told her.  “We’re going now.  So, yeah, we’re leaving now.”  The woman blocked his way.  “Can’t leave if you’re in my way,” Casper angrily told her.
“I’m not in your way,” The woman told Casper.
“Fine, we’ll go out the window,” Casper told her as he motioned to the window.  Teddy went to open the window.  There was a little bit of overhang and some shrubs under the window.
“I’ll jump with you,” CK told Teddy.
“See,” Casper told her.  “I have a solution to your problem.”
“You and your friends won’t, Alex,” She told them.
CK and Teddy crawled out the window and jumped down.  CK softened their landing with her telekinesis.  Casper did a back-flip off the edge of the roof and landed in CK’s arms.
“Did,” Casper called up to her just as two parents walked up to them.  CK hadn’t quite figured out who’s altered past this was.  The mother looked furious.
“I can explain,” Casper told them.  “We weren’t allowed to leave the room, told we couldn’t go out for a walk but also told if we stayed in there that there’d be trouble.  So we went out the window.  Now, we’ll be going for our walk now.”
“You mean to tell me that Gwen said that you couldn’t leave your room,” The mother said.
“Yeah,” Casper told her.  “She was blocking the doorway, accusing us of being lewd.  It’s insulting really.  I refuse to be a prisoner in my own home so we left through the only other viable exit.”
“Don’t get smart with me,” The mother told Casper.
“We’re just trying to enjoy a peaceful day,” Teddy told her.
“I have half a mind to ground you,” The mother told Casper.
“I understand that we could have gotten hurt,” Casper assured the woman.  “However, I will not be bullied.  That’s what Gwen was doing.  I’m sick of getting pushed around.  If I want to spend some peace and quiet time with my friends then I should be able to do so without interruption.”
“You mean to say that you feel like she is bulling you?” The mother said to Casper.
“Yeah,” Casper told her.  “I don’t like it.  It gets me worked up and itching to fight.”
“You shouldn’t be fighting,” The mother told him.
“Why is that?” Casper told her.  “Because another mishap might happen to me that no one gives a damn about?”
“You’re being out of line,” The woman told him.
“Out of line would have been me actually forcing her out of my room,” Casper bitterly told the woman.  “I don’t feel safe here, so I’m leaving.”
“Let him go,” The father told the mother.  “He knows how to look out for himself.  Besides, he doesn’t have a car and can’t get far.”
“Good point,” Casper told them.  “Now, we’re off for our walk while things cool down around here.”
The trio made it about one block when Casper felt sick to him stomach.  He looked back towards the house and knew what was happening.  He rushed back with CK and Teddy in foot.  Casper knocked through the front door only to see the father get slammed hard into the corner of a desk.  Blood was starting to come from his wound.  Gwen was holding the top part of a paper shredder in her hand and looked poised to smash the father with it.  Casper palm stuck Gwen against the doorframe and went to check on the father.  He called the medics.  He was told that it would be five minutes before help would arrive.
Gwen tried to attack Casper.  Casper, with a well practiced spin kick, knocked her across the jaw and with a second back kick got her in the gut.  Casper’s attention was towards protecting the man.  He held his hands over the wounds, keeping the blood from spilling too quickly.  Casper told Teddy to get some water for the man.  Teddy did as he was told while Ck went to the mother and told her to inform the oldest son of what had happened.
Police and the ambulance came to the house.  The father had a ruptured kidney.  Gwen had several loose teeth and cracked ribs.  Lindsey wanted to press charges against Casper.  The police would hear nothing of it.
Casper was talking to a police officer outside.  His anger was getting the best of him.  He focused all that negative energy in one of his hands and released it at a far off tree.  The tree turned to sawdust.  The officer gasped as what he had seen.
“This is all my fault,” Casper said slowly.  “If I hadn’t tried to avoid fighting then perhaps he’d be alright.”
“You didn’t want to see anyone get hurt,” The officer reminded Casper.  “You chose to walk away from a hostile situation with your friends.  Gwen still wanted to fight.  It was she who attacked your father, not you.  It was she that ruptured his kidney, not you.  Had you not been there and reacted like you did, your father might be dead.”  The officer paused for a moment.  “Where’d you learn to fight like that?  Those were very precise strikes you did to disable Gwen.”
“I know some martial arts,” Casper said shrugging it off.  “I was more concerned about helping my father out.”
“Worrying about him won’t help him,” The officer told Casper.  “So, what’s the deal with all this pent up anger?”
“When I was fifteen I was repeated sexually assaulted and my parents didn’t listen to me when I told them.  I was left with a partially crippled arm.”  Casper told the officer.  “The bastard got away with it.  No one believed me.”
“Did you fight back?” The officer asked.
“I did,” Casper bitterly told him.  “I’m just a freak.  It doesn’t matter, though, I’ll be dead soon and people and go on pretending that I was unscathed by the monsters that plagued me.”
“Would you talk to a therapist?” The officer asked.
“What good will that do?” Casper demanded.  “Oh, let’s talk about our feelings with someone who can’t do a damn thing to help you out with your night terrors or take the pain away every time I try to use my arm.  Yeah, that will work.”
“You need help and I will be there for you,” The officer assured Casper.  “What you went through is no laughing matter.  It has damaged you psychologically.  There is treatment for a person such as yourself.”
“You would actually help me?” Casper asked.  “After I’ve been such an ass?”
“You are a kid and you need to be helped so you’ll become a better adult.  Just because you go through some terrible stuff that doesn’t mean that you can’t be hurting from it.  Like I said, I can help you get the help that you need so that you can get better.  Who knows, we might be able to help get your arm fixed as well.”
“Officer,” The mother said.  “There’s nothing wrong with him.”
“He needs a psych evaluation,” The officer told the mother.  “Today has been hard on the boy.  He could do with some outside help.”
“I can help him,” The mother stated.
“He needs outside help,” The officer repeated.  “There are all sorts of social programs that could help all of you deal with what happened.”
Casper’s “mother” was less than pleased with Casper’s willingness to get help.  Casper knew all too well that followed old patterns would only allow abuses to continue.  Casper wanted to break the cycle of abuses.  Casper was stubborn.  He knew that outside help was the only way to ensure that this family not completely explode.

~

“What do you need me to do?” CK asked as they started to head towards the hospital where Casper’s “father” was being treated.  Casper was beginning to become too absorbed into what was happening.  CK was trying to calm the boy but he would have none of it.
“Kill me,” Casper told her point blank.  “I don’t want to feel all this hurt, all this torment.”
“Death isn’t an answer,” CK told him.  “You and I are struck from similar molds.  I think I understand you, where you come from.” CK informed him.  “You… you’re made of all the past warriors similar to me that committed suicide.  You can have hope in your life.  Let us help you.”
“Tomato help you?” Teddy said trying lighten the mood.
“Cass,” CK told her friend.  “There is still so much for you to do, so much good for you share with the world.”
“I can’t even fix one family,” Casper told them dolefully.
“Cass,” CK firmly told him.  “You might need a little refresher on this: we are powerless to help our families.  You know, the Great Paradox?”
“Great Paradox?” Casper asked.
“Yes,” CK explained.  “We can help others but not ourselves and by extension, our families.  It’s cruel, I know but the pain is not just yours.  That impacts all of us.”
“So they suffer because I have power,” Casper asked.
“They suffer to tempt us to try to use our powers but we can’t,” CK explained.  “We try and fail and then hope seems to leave us.  We have to understand that hope is what keeps us alive.  Let the humans live their lives and us ours.  Our biological families here on Earth seldom last and can shatter us as persons.  That is why we find our real families on the Nexus.”
“What do you mean?” Casper asked.
“We do not belong of the human world, not entirely,” CK went on.  “Our lives, our powers, make us different.  It is our human side that grants us far deeper power than our Celestial powers alone could do.  Humanity is what makes us far greater than our Celestial counter-parts could ever grasp.  We have the power to forgive, to show compassion despite our misgivings, to walk away.  These are our greatest tools and they are the key to our salvation.  You are a remarkable person.  You are the most chosen of the chosen.  In you flows the powers of all our past greats.  It would be a waste of your gifts if you were to die for nothing.  These people, they can only listen to your words.  Your powers can’t save them from disease.  However, you can render disease powerless under the right circumstances.  Think about it.”
“Internally I’m useless but from the outside I can make a difference,” Casper said, coming to the conclusion that CK was bringing him towards.
“Exactly,” CK told him.  “As long as you have people like me in your corner, everything will work out for the best.”
“How can you have so much hope?” Casper asked.
“I have hope because without it I have nothing,” CK firmly told him.  “Once I die, I become part of the Nexus, unable to have an afterlife of any kind.  That’s why I’m making this life count.”
“How do you know that for sure?” Casper asked.
“I know that because I know the will of the Nexus.” CK told him.  “I have already lived eight times.  Granted a few of those lives were cut short because village elders didn’t like the fact that a kid could do magic, but still eight times I’ve lived.  In all my lives, I have learned this one undeniable fact: the world is always ours for the shaping.  It is up to us to change it for the better.  You and I have powers beyond normal humans but we seldom act human.  With Teddy here, we can make sure that our influences are kept in check and that we help those that truly need us.”
“We need to get going,” Teddy told them.  “We still have to find our way home.”

~

The trio made it to the hospital where Cass’s “father” was.  Cass was still in shock over everything that had happened.  His “father” would be alright, he only lost the ruptured kidney.  Cass’s fists clenched when he found that out.  He looked to CK.
“I can’t regrow his kidney,” CK told him.  “Don’t worry.  The doctor said that he’d be fine.  This is a crap circumstance, yes, but there’s nothing more that we can do.”
“Gwen needs to pay,” Cass told her bitterly.
“No,” CK told him.  “She needs to be brought to justice.  Revenge is easy, justice isn’t, but it’s what sets us apart, it’s what makes us better.”
The hospital staff kept giving the trio odd sorts of looks.  CK’s warning glare was enough to keep unwanted eyes from falling upon them any further.  CK concentrated on Alice, trying to see if she could telepathically reach her.  CK could feel and hear nothing.  They were stuck.
“We need to find someone who knows something about portals,” CK told them.  “I’m at a loss here.  My magic is mostly fighting based.”
“Do you know or knew anyone who could use portal magic?” Teddy asked.
“I’m thinking,” CK said as her eyes started to flicker.
“What’s she doing?” Cass asked.
“She’d going through her past lives, looking for some clues for helping us out of this bind,” Teddy explained.  “She’s more than just her, she’s also the sum of her predecessors as well.  She’s going through their memories as well.”
CK’s eyes returned to normal as she looked around.  Her eyes were searching now.  An eyebrow raised as she began to realize something.
“There are three energy nods around here that we can use to get back to the Nexus and then back home,” CK told them.  “However, one of them is over water and the other two are on private property.”  CK shook her head.  She felt a little off.  Her eyes flickered and she figured out what her problem was.  She dismissed for the time-being.  “The closest one is about fifteen miles away from here, south by south-west.”
“How are we going to get there?” Teddy asked.
“We can either hoof it or hitch a ride,” CK told him.  “Unless you have some money on you for a taxi.”  
“I do,” Teddy said opening his wallet.  He pulled out fifty dollars in tens.  “That should be enough, right?”
“We’ll see,” CK told him as she went to find a road map.  It took about ten minutes to get a local map and to plot their course.  CK called a cab company and got the specifics: it would be forty-seven-fifty.  “That seems awfully high,” CK said as she turned to the others and explained the situation to them.  “But it’s a start.”
“Let me see the money,” Cass said as Teddy reluctantly handed the money over to him.  Cass examined each bill and handed them back to the human.  Teddy looked over at Cass who had a massive grin on his face.  In his hands were several ten dollar bills, identical to the ones that Teddy had let him touch.  “See, my powers are a bit useful from time to time.”
“You can duplicate things?!” Teddy exclaimed.
“Not so loud,” Cass rebuked him.
“That’s remarkable,” Teddy repeated.
“Normally only the gods can do stuff like that,” CK pointed out in a hushed tone.
“I’m still afraid of my powers you know,” Cass reminded them.
“As soon as we can get where we need to be then I can get us home.” CK reminded him calmly.
“Is there a way that you can help me,” Cass pleaded as they made their way to the waiting taxi.
“Define help,” CK told him.
“I don’t want to put anyone in danger with my powers,” Casper said.
“I have an idea,” CK said.  “My cousin, Scott, is always looking for some help.  Perhaps you wouldn’t mind going to his realm.  It would just be you two there.  No one else in interact with.”
“That sounds like my kind of place,” Cass told them.
“There is the drawback,” CK went on.  “This place is used as a training ground.  He is the Champion after all.”
“I can live with that,” Cass said quickly as the trio made it into the cab.  CK gave the cabbie directions and the money.  


Chapter 39

The trio made it to the first location safely.  They looked around.  The grounds seemed normal enough to the untrained eye however there was something off in the air.  A slight haze could be seen around the energy node that could take them to the Nexus.  They walked for about a half mile until the haze became thick.  They were now trespassing on a high school campus.
“Are we there yet?” Teddy asked.
“No,” CK said as she looked around.  “There’s something wrong.  We should have come across the energy barrier by now.”
“Something’s repressing it,” Cass said as his eyes scanned the surroundings.  Cass snapped his fingers.  There was a flash of yellow light.  Cass was puzzled by that and snapped his fingers again.  The same result followed.  “Something that knows our magic is blocking it.”
“What do we do?” Teddy asked.
“We find the source and take whatever it is out,” CK told him as if for the millionth time.  “Cass, snap your fingers again.” CK commanded him.  Cass did.  CK followed the energy signal back to the source.  “Bingo,” CK said as she turned to face the source.  
The source was a node that was blocked by too much negative emotion.  It looked like a tumor around a blood vessel.  CK formed two tight balls of positive energy in her hands and then hurled them at the blocked node.  The energy started to chip away like stone.  Casper joined into.  After about ten seconds the node was starting to look normal for the area.  There was simply too much negativity feeding it.  The two stopped for a moment and the node reverted back to it’s swollen size.
“That sucks,” Casper said as he raised an eyebrow.  “Any other ideas?”
“I’m thinking,” CK said as she looked around for something to inspire her.
“Why don’t you explode it from the inside?” Teddy suggested.
“How much do you know about particle physics?” Casper asked.  “Doing something like that to an energy source as large as this can create a dimensional rip, a black hole, a white hole, or all of the above.”
“White hole?” Teddy asked.
“It’s the opposite of a black hole,” Casper said irately.  “Rather than sucking in matter it blows it out.  That would destroy this planet.”
“Oh,” Teddy said glumly.
“There’s something funny about this,” CK said looking the node over.  “I can’t place the source of the clog.  I know it’s here but…”
“Maybe it’s not a clog but a knot,” Teddy suggested as he looked at his shoelaces.
“That would explain the unusual characteristics,” Casper said thinking things over.  “IF the negative energy weighted the node in such a way that it’s gravity shifted and folded upon itself then I don’t see why it couldn’t get knotted.”
“In theory it should be a slippery knot,” Teddy told them.  Both CK and Cass gave him a funny look.  “Neither of you were ever in Scouts?”  Teddy was shocked.  He actually knew something that neither of them did.  “All you need to do is pull at both ends to get it undone.”
“I doubt I’m that strong,” CK said.  The node started to bulge a little more.
“Let’s give it a shot,” Casper told them.  “We’ll just need to muster all the strength that we have, that’s all.”
“If we do that then I won’t have the needed energies to get us to the Nexus.” CK calmly explained it to them.  “Let me see if I can get in contact with Kai Cho.”  CK concentrated on the god but nothing happened.
“Let’s try one of the other nodes,” Teddy suggested.  He knew all too well that time was wasting.  “I don’t have any powers like you two and I’m scared as hell.  We need to get home as soon as possible.”
“Here,” CK said handing her watch to Teddy.  “This was something that Francisco made.”
“No way,” Cass said looking that watch over and compared it to his own.  “When I came to I had one just like that.”  Cass looked over at CK.  “Do you know how to use it?”
“I rewrote the book,” CK told them with a grin.  “I didn’t realize that you had one too.” CK said as she looked over the device.  “Let’s see, yeah, this is a slightly different model.”  CK’s eyes twitched.  “Looks like a very different model.  Mine has tactical gear and light weapons.  This one is for all intents and purposes a retractable robot.”  CK was confused by this but her memories were never wrong.  Cass handed her the watch and she pressed a combination of buttons and tossed the watch.  Sure enough the watch spilled out several tiny ball bearings that turned into a somewhat smaller than average tiger.
“Ah,” The tiger said as it looked over at the trio.  “Just who exactly are you three and where is my master?”
“I am Casper,” Cass said in introduction.  “I am your master.”
“My master’s name,” The robot went on.
“Silence!” CK boomed.  “That name will not be spoken!  The dead will remain so!  Speaking their names gives them power.”
“I see my lady,” The robot said apologetically.  “I did not realize that the older magic could be triggered by something like me.”
“So, what do we do?” Casper asked.
“We are going to find the next closest node,” CK told him.
“Excuse me,” The robot said.  “All the nodes around here are clogged except for the one that’s in the ocean; something about the salt water keeps it somewhat manageable.”
“Salt is a purifying element,” CK told the robot.  “Can you help us find the node?”
“I can give you the lat and longe,” The robot told them.
“That won’t work for me,” CK told the robot.  “Will you come with us?”
“Yes,” The robot said.  “I have nothing better to do.”
“Do you have a name?” CK asked.
“I do not,” The robot told them.
“Would you like one?” CK asked.
“Not really,” The robot said.  “There are others coming.  I’m going to go back to hiding.” The robot told them as it quickly turned back into a watch.  Cass scooped up the watch and put it back on.  A group of five students in ROTC approached them.  
“Hi,” Cass said as he pointed up at the trees.  “Did you follow that eagle too?”  The ROTC people looked up and saw the bird that Cass had pointed out.  “Breathtaking creatures and crafty hunters.”
“You three shouldn’t be back here,” One of the five told them.
“Like I said, we were following the eagle,” Cass reminded them.  “We’ll kindly be on our way.  Perhaps you can show us the quickest way out?”
“Suck my dick,” One of the other boys told them as he revealed a combat knife.  Cass raised an eyebrow.  “I think I’m quite clear on the way out.  Suck… my… dick…” He repeated to Cass.
“Hate to disappoint you but I’m not gay,” Cass quickly told them.  One of the boys went to strike Cass.  Cass twisted the guy’s arm behind his back and stomped on the back of his knee, dropping him.  Cass looked over at the others.  “I don’t screw around.  If any of you try to attack me or my friends here then you’ll sorely regret it.” Cass promised them.  Two went to attack Cass, one of which pulled out a knife.  “You dumb bastards,” Cass said he grabbed the knife and shattered it like fine glass in his hands.  Cass then headbutted the one who had had the knife and then quickly did a spin kick, knocking out the other attacker.
“Let’s get out of here,” CK said as she and Teddy started to fall back a little.  CK was primed to protect Teddy, mostly because he had no way of protecting himself.  CK let out a wave of confusion and quickly grabbed both Teddy and Cass.  The three quickly ran out of the woods where they were greeted by the rest of the ROTC that had come over to see what the situation was.
“You’re mates are back there,” CK told them.  “There was this thing.  I don’t know how to describe it.  But your friends… they need your help.” She told them.  “You will all need to go look for them.” CK told them firmly, clouding their minds.  The ROTC people moved into the woods, giving the trio time to retreat.


Chapter 40

“That worked well,” Teddy said as they made it to a nearby fast food joint.  CK shot a dirty look at Cass who acted like he was going to pop the boy on the back of the head.
“Let’s just get a bite to eat while we figure out what we’re going to do next,” Cass said as he pulled some more money out of his pocket.  The three looked over the menu.  They all ordered the spicy chicken club.  They got their food and went over to table.  Cass looked over at Teddy.  “What makes you different?” Cass demanded.  “CK, Sammy, I can understand, but you, you’re human.  You getting thrown here makes no sense.”
“If it’s of any conciliation I don’t want to be here either,” Teddy firmly told Cass.  “I was an orphan that CK and Sammy took in.”
“What caused you to be an orphan?” Cass asked.
“Ever hear of the Moral Majority?” Teddy asked.
“Oh,” Cass said sheepishly.
“They convinced my parents that I was an abomination because I’m gay and they just left me at the door of some church so I could be fixed.” Teddy bitterly informed him.  “As Dodger told me, I’m the human face in all of this bullshit.  I have no ties to anyone.  I’m just a person, a human, who is looking on to what all is going on.  I can’t see things like you guys can.  I can’t see the nodes or the energies that you two can use.  I’m going with the flow.”
“I didn’t realize,” Cass said slowly.
“You didn’t ask before now,” Teddy told them.
“Let’s just get our plans worked out,” CK told them as she shook her head.  “The node in the water is the best bet that we have.  There has to some way we can get there.”
“Telekinesis.” Cass said quickly.  “I’ll use my powers to get us there but CK you’ll have to be the one to work the portal.”
“That’ll work,” Cass told her.  “And Teddy, just be careful.”
“I’m good,” Teddy told him.
“Perhaps…” Cass said slowly.  “You’re going to have to understand that I don’t fully trust you to do well.”
“You don’t trust me?” Teddy told him.  “You’re an ass.”
“Watch your mouth human,” Cass warned.
“Casper,” CK said forcefully.  “Don’t think that I don’t know your secret and don’t think that I won’t use it to my advantage.  You’re here to help us, remember that.” CK warned.
“I know your weakness, too,” Cass warned.  “Let’s just get home, alright.”
The trio did not talk much as they walked to their next location.  It took them five hours, walking in the dark, to reach the next node.  This node was not as congested as the one by the school was.  CK and Cass were flustered.  Neither of them wanted to admit that they would have to use the node by the water.  Cass let out a stream of profanities.
“It’s nearly three in the morning,” Teddy whined.  “Can’t we get a room somewhere or something?”
“With what money?” Cass demanded.  “I can’t pay for a hotel room in ten dollar bills you know.”
“Can’t we just sleep under the stars or something then?” Teddy asked.
“That’s illegal,” CK pointed out.  “Backwards laws, I know.”  CK focused on the location of the third point.  “I can teleport us there, I think.” She said as she figured on following the energy trails to the next node.  “It would be risky but we could be back home in less than an hour’s time.”
“Or if you’re wrong then we could be dead,” Cass bluntly reminded them.
“Are you lost,” A young gothic girl said as she approached them.  She was short but stunning, earnest in speech.
“Sort of,” CK told her.  “We need to figure out a way to get home.” CK told her.  
“You three came from the Nexus, didn’t you?” The gothic girl asked.
“Something like that,” Cass told her.  “We’re from a parallel dimension, so-to-speak.”
“Understandable,” The girl told them.  “Well, that node is clogged.  I’ve tried everything I can to unblock it but it just becomes tangled again.”
“I’m sure this place is haunted by all sorts of things,” CK said without much enthusiasm.  Her third eye wandered around and saw the sorts of creatures that were trapped here along with the spirits of several people and animals.  “Yep, there’s too much here.”
“You should try living here.” The girl told them.  “I would like to help you three fix the problem.”
“Okay,” Cass said as he looked around.  “Why?”
“I want a good night’s sleep.” The girl told him.  “Do you know how annoying it is having all sorts of creatures begging you help them cross over when there is no portal to cross over from?  It’s really vexing.”
“Would it be too much to ask for shelter for the boy while CK and work on getting the portal open?” Cass asked.
“It would,” The girl told them.  “I can, though, bring you food and water if you need it.”
“That would be delightful,” CK said as she observed the surroundings.  “Some red apples and honey if you have them would be the best things.”
“If you don’t mind my asking my?” The gothic girl asked.
“The short of it is that it will vastly increase the recovery of our powers,” CK told her.
“That’s putting it lightly,” Cass muttered.
“Do you know what we are?” CK asked the girl.
“Nope,” The girl told them.  “I just know that two of you aren’t human.”
“That makes the boy a human,” The girl told them.  “I’m Lily.”
“I’m CK,” CK told her.  “And grumpy here is Casper, and this cutie is Teddy.”
“Pleased to meet you,” Lily told them.  “So, you guys can fix this?”
“Assumingly,” Cass told her.  “It’s just going to use a lot of our power.  The apples and honey will keep us going.”
“But why those foods?” Lily cautiously asked.
“Those are the sacred foods of our peoples,” Cass told her with a shrug.  “Those tend to restore our powers faster than anything aside from tribute from humans.”
“By tribute you mean?” Lily nervously asked.
“They would have to feed off of your energies,” Teddy told her.  “I’m a pick-me-up for CK, for example.  She hugs me when she’s feeling a little weak and her powers regain slightly.”
“I didn’t know that I could feed off of you,” Casper told him.
“You didn’t ask,” Teddy told him.  “And besides, I can’t be supporting you and CK at the same time.  I’d be like a rag doll.”

About an hour later Lily, Teddy, CK, and Casper were attacked by a group of werewolves.  CK put herself between Teddy and the werewolves.  She concentrated and her combat knife came to her.  CK quickly unscrewed the bottom of the knife revealing a chain.
“When’d you get that?” Casper asked and he got into stance.
“You three stay back,” CK told the others as she rushed the werewolves.  The knife whipped around on the chain as CK made quick work of the werewolves.  The wounds were non-fatal but still devastating.  The results were most pleasing.  The knife had been enchanted to deal with werewolves and other cursed creatures.  The werewolves were being cured.
“Phenomenal,” Teddy said as he saw the results.
“Just what I can use,” Casper said as he absorbed the energies being given off and restored the energy node.  There was a flash of light and all those trapped on this Earth were free to move on to the afterlife.  CK adjusted her knife and went back to the others.
“I’ve never tried that before,” CK told them with a faint laugh.  “It looks like we can go home.”
“About that,” Casper told her.  “I know that I can do a lot of good here.  You’ve shown me that much.  I’ll make you proud of me, I’ll be the hero that this world needs.”
“There’s a lot of evil here and you’ll be here alone,” CK reminded him.  
“I have the robot,” Casper told her.  “And Lily, if she’ll put up with me.”
“What about your world?” Lily asked Casper.
“What world,” Casper responded.  “I’m an orphan.  I’ll go where I’m needed.”
“Take these,” CK said as she removed her earrings.  “These will have enough energy to teleport you once and only once to Scott’s Realm.”  Casper pocketed the earrings.
“Thanks,” He told her.  “You wouldn’t happen to be willing to part with that knife by any chance?”
“Nope,” CK told him.  “That knife is one of the few things that could kill you.”  CK thought for a moment.  “You know, you can come back here after we make a quick stop off at the Vatican if you want.  You can get some pretty awesome weapons there.” CK said tempting Casper. 
“Could you bring me back something,” Casper requested.
“Or you could come back and pick something out that will work for you,” CK firmly told him.
“Your mind tricks won’t work on me,” Casper told her.
“Have it your way,” CK said as she began to concentrate.  “You are going to personally pick out your weapons and tactical gear back at HQ and then you are going to return here.”
“I will go get my weapons and gear and return here,” Casper told CK.
The three travelers started to head towards the portal.  Lily walked over to them.  She was just as tired as the others.  She began to reach out to them.  CK took note.
“I’ll bring him back to you,” CK promised Lily.
“The Nexus needs him more than just this one world does,” Lily told CK.
“Before he can fight for humanity he must experience it,” CK told her.  “Don’t worry, he’ll be back so he can learn from you.  You have a good heart.  It’s people like you that makes all the difference in people like us.”

~

The trio made it to the Vatican.  Casper went straight to the armory to get outfitted.  Casper chose for his tactical gear to be incognito:  the boots were a dark shade of brown, the tactical pants a dark khaki, a grey tee shirt, and a red long sleeved button up shirt.  The gear did not look like much but it was fireproof, bullet proof, and able to withstand most sharp objects.  Casper’s weapons were synced with his watch.  Like his gear, his weapons would be retractable.  His weapons were two nightsticks and two sets of metallic knuckles.
Casper was looking over his watch, playing with the settings.  He knew that play time was over.  He set the watch to release the robotic tiger.  The tiger shook it’s head and gave Casper a funny look.
“What happened?” The tiger asked.
“We managed to get back here from the second node,” Casper told the tiger.  “I’m going back.  I feel that I can make a difference there.”
“With respect my master,” The tiger told him.  “What do you hope to gain from being with the humans?  They will not believe you when you tell that you come in peace, that you mean no harm.  All they will see is a monster who has some fairly dangerous weapons.  The gear that was loaded, that does nothing to protect your identiy.”
“I don’t intend to be around humans using my powers,” Casper told the robotic tiger.
“But it will happen sooner than later,” The tiger pointed out.  “You must be prepared to live a very lonely life because of your powers.”
“I will not be isolated because I was created to be something different,” Casper firmly told the tiger.
“Master,” the tiger said.  “Trust me you will not be happy until you find a group of individuals that share you sense of duty in regards to what the humans call the paranormal.”
Casper mulled over what the tiger had told him.  He knew that the tiger was right.  He was anything but ordinary.  Few people would understand him and even fewer would be his friends.  He began to realize that CK was right, that he belonged with them.  On the other hand, Dodger was a threat under the wrong circumstances.
Casper snapped the earrings in.  It stung a little and his ears were oozing.  Casper concentrated and his ears began to heal.  His eyes darted around looking for other useful items to bring with him.
“Master,” The robot went on.  “I know that you are concerned.”
“Concerned hardly describes how I feel,” Casper told the robot.  “I told Lily that I would return… I don’t want to break my word.”
“You don’t have to break your word,” The robot told him.  “Just use a little portal magic.  Teleport there, explain the situation, that you need to train up and that you’ll come back when you’re ready.”
“Thanks buddy,” Casper told the robot.  “How about that for a name, Buddy?”
“I will think of it as an honor,” Buddy told him.  “And I will gladly be your eyes and ears for the paranormal.  The first thing to take care of is the Oni.”
“Let’s go,” Casper said as he found the device he needed to freely travel the realms.  The device was a small gold broche with a ruby pendant.  Casper opened the portal to go see Lily one more time.


Chapter 41

Things were coming to a head around the world.  The Moral Majority had once again gained a foothold in the world.  This time, though, they had a Shade helping them.  The Shade was far more cunning and ruthless than the humans had anticipated.  The Shade, while not giving away his true identity, was in complete control of the MM’s doings.  The Shade was rather skilled at manipulating the Oni.
The whole group of misfits were gathering in the War Room.  Kais Cho and Lung were there along with Scott. CK was still drained from being lost in the Nexus.  She was clinging to Teddy in hopes of recharging her powers.  Alice took note of this as she, Dodger, and Sammy came into the room.  Samuael looked concerned.
“We have found the source of the world distresses,” Samuael told them.  “There is a Shade working in the United Nations along with ones in RoC, USSR, England, Gaul, Persia, and the States.”
“I see something wrong with that,” Teddy said as he tried to figure out those locations.  Samuael shot a dirty look over to the human.
“We’re going to need to hit them hard and fast,” Samuael told them.
“What about collateral damage?” Lung asked.
“The CD will be fairly high,” Scott told them bitterly.  “We have to take care of thing quickly otherwise humanity will be lost.”
“The CD doesn’t have to be high,” Casper said as he joined the others.  His eyes were bloodshot from his return.  He had just parted ways with Lily.  Casper created an illusion of the targets.  “CK, myself, Lung, Cho, Scott, and Samuael can take down the Shades and Oni if we strike at the same time.”
“That leaves one Shade,” Dodger said.
“And that leaves three of you to take one down,” Scott told them.
Battle plans were drawn out.  Jobs were assigned.  The trio were given specific instructions on how to take down their Shade in the United Nations.  Dodger, Alice, and Sammy knew that there was going to be the risk of not coming back from this one.
Dodger was going over the weapons list.  The weapons of choice were going to be special retractable silver spears.  The spears retracted to the size of AA batteries.  The spears were loaded onto specially made bracelets that could hold five each.  The pistols were loaded with bullets made of the same material.  The young heroes were each given four clips and two pistols.
“Hey, Dodge,” Alice said slowly.  “I love you.”
“I love you too,” Dodger told Alice as he finished loading a pistol.
“Anyone else have the falling feeling in the bottom of your stomach,” Sammy asked.
“Yeah,” Dodger told the younger werewolf.  “I’ve never had to risk human lives like this before.”
“It’s the Shades and Oni or us,” Alice reminded them.  “The humans won’t care if we die.  They see us as no different than the Shades or Oni.”
~

The trio made it to the United Nations where the Shade was.  The trio were detained upon entry.  They had no weapons on them, not at the moment any way.  The NATO military police took them into custody.  Only Dodger seemed to be a person of risk.  
The holding room that they were brought to had one large table and four chairs.  There were no windows and the door was thick heavy metal.  Sammy shrugged and plopped himself down in one of the chairs and propped his feet up on the table.  Alice and Dodger began scanning the room for any traces of weaknesses in the walls.  Dodger was tapping the walls, listening carefully for the changes in thickness.  Alice couldn’t find any viable way out either.
“Need me to do my thing?” Sammy asked.
“What thing?” Alice asked.
“I’ve learned a few little tricks from CK,” Sammy told them as he began to concentrate really hard on the door.  The locks all clicked open.  “It pays to have some psychic abilities.  Now, let’s get the hell on with our mission.  I have a lovely lady I want to get back to.”
The trio had just walked to the doorway when two burly guards came to stop them.  They were obviously possessed.  Dodger muttered something under his breath and the two guards fell the ground as if crushed by some invisible force.
“Being an exorcist helps too,” Dodger said as they made their way towards the Shade.  Alice was quick to cloud the minds of those around them.  Dodger and Sammy allowed their fingernails to grow.  Alice pressed the button on her watch to garb herself in her tactical gear.  The gear had been altered so that she would look like a NATO soldier.
“And having a good disguise.” Alice added as they made their way to the conference room where the Shade was holding a meeting with some of his puppets.  The Shade was dressed like a businessman.  His skin was an unnatural shade of grey and his eyes black.
“I see you three have made it here,” The Shade told them and snapped his fingers.  The trio’s powers were suppressed.  “That takes of your powers for the time being.”  The Shade stood up and sized up the three.  “I must say, I feel insulted that they would send such weaklings to try to kill me.”  The Shade snapped his fingers again and the armed guards took aim on the trio.  “All too easy.”
“Too easy,” Alice said with a smile.
“Watch and learn,” Dodger said as the puppets guards fell to the unseen force.  Alice was a quick draw and fired several shots at the Shade.  Dodger pulled out one of the spears and hurled it at the Shade.  The Shade lost his concentration for a moment.  That was a vital and fatal moment.  Sammy had his powers back.  His telekinesis was perhaps his best hidden power.  Sammy released his tactical gear and with it his spears.  The spears quickly took shape as they were hurled at the Shade.  The Shade screamed out in terror as he was impaled by ten silver spears.  The dark spirit left his host in an attempt to escape.  Dodger cast another banishing spell that ripped the Shade to tiny bits that turned to dust.
The guards were stunned by what happened.  They were in a fog and could hardly remember the details of the last few months.  Alice further muddled their memories to convince them that the body of the Shade’s host was that of a terrorist.  Alice healed the wounds on the man as the weapons dissolved into a mist.  The guards saw the wounds and figured them to be from their firearms.

~

With their mission done they went back to the Vatican and awaited the return of the others.  One by one the others returned.  The only person not to return was Casper.  Scott went to sense for Casper.  Casper had opted to return straight to Lily rather than be debriefed.
Samuael, Scott, and CK lead the meeting.  The circular table was loaded with plenty of red apples, honey, and water for the heroes.  Once everyone had their fill Scott began to speak.
“Thank you my family for helping to save the world yet again,” Scott told them.  “We have accomplished much and for that I am thankful.  The world is far safer now.  Samuael, myself, and CK are going to finalize a few smaller details.  The rest of you may return to your homes with our thanks.  Hopefully I won’t be having need of your services again but if something terrible does happen I would be honored if you would join me yet again.”
“You can count on me,” Alice immediately told them.
“What are the loose ends?” Dodger asked with interest.
“Changing a few policies,” Scott told him quickly yet forcefully.
“Let me clarify,” Dodger said.  “You three are going to use your influences to force your wills on humanity?”
“It is for their own good,” Scott told Dodger.  “I know you disagree with my methods from time to time but I can do what is in the best interest of the humans.”
“Taking away their free will is…” Dodger started.
“Is no different than blanking their memories and giving them new ones,” CK told him.  “Or getting out of fights by talking.  These are just legal influences to protect the liberties of the world’s citizens.”
“I still think that it’s wrong,” Dodger told them.
“Frankie did this sort of stuff all the time,” CK pointed out.  “Think about, Ridgewood was nearly perfect.  No town is that civil in real life.  Remember, virtually no crime.”
“I suppose you’re right,” Dodger said as he mulled things over.  “But please, don’t make it a habit.”
“Trust me,” Kai Cho told them.  “There’s nothing wrong with guiding people to do good.  There have been a few times in history when things needed to be set right by our hands.”
“World War Two for example,” Samuael told them firmly.  “Sometimes humans are more dangerous than our kind, especially when religion and poor politics are put into the mix.  Had I not been forced to interfere than several hundred humans would have slaughtered.”
“How about the droughts that I put a stop to,” Scott asked.  “That was something I didn’t have to do.  How about stopping life threatening floods, volcanic eruptions, flash fires, and earth quakes?”
“I see your point,” Dodger said in near defeat.  “We do good for the sake of preserving those who can’t save themselves from those fiascos.”
“Enjoy your peace,” Kai Lung told them.  “You guys have earned it.  We’ll continue to look out for the world.  Just give it about a month and things will return to normal.”

~

Kai Lung was right.  A little more than a month after all the trouble things were starting to return to normal.  The Moral Majority was no longer a viable political party.  All the laws and sanctions that the Moral Majority had imposed were stricken from the records.  Peace was returning to the world.  There was a vast amount of mistrust that lingered in the world.  That would never change.  Humans would never forget the atrocities that had happened.  That is the one undeniable consistency of humanity.

Chapter 42

The misfits were enjoying liberty once again.  They were vacationing in San Francisco.  Much fun was had in the sun.  Playtime was over and now it was time to eat.
They went for pizza.  Dodger and Cha-Kun couldn’t believe their eyes when they found a place that actually served Sicilian pizza.  They were enjoying their meal, talking about past humorous exploits.  Teddy’s skin was now cleared of any scars and it showed.
“Dodge,” Teddy asked.  “How come you seem so apart?”
“I don’t understand,” Dodger told the boy.
“We won, the Moral Majority lost,” Teddy explained.  “How come you’re still not completely happy?”
“I have good food and company,” Dodger assured the boy.  “That’ all I need to be happy.”
“I understand,” Teddy said slowly.  He knew that Dodger was hiding something but he wasn’t sure what it was.
Alice took the boy aside while she went to order another pie.
“Dodger is feeling a little alone, right now,” Alice told the boy.  “You know what it’s like to be different, try being a werewolf and gay.  Saying someone looks scrumptious has a double meaning after all.”
“When was the last time he had a lover?” Teddy asked.
“Never that I’ve known him,” Alice told him.  “And you?”
“Me neither,” Teddy admitted.  “Sammy’s cute and all but he’s not really my type.  I just… Dodger hides it well.  Most people would never guess that he’s gay.”
“And there’s good reason for it,” Alice told him with a smile.  “It’s easier now then it was back when he and I were kids to be gay.  That was nearly forty years ago.”
“You two don’t look that old,” Teddy said in disbelief.
“Thanks,” Alice told him as they made their way back to the table.  
Teddy had a new found respect for Dodger and began to look at him with more admiration.  Dodger took note and smiled warmly at the boy.  Teddy felt like he now had someone who could understand him, someone to look up to.
The misfits were enjoying their third round of pizza when a gas pipe exploded.  There was little time to react.  A mist formed around them as the flames came to eat the misfits.  The smell of charred flesh and pizza filled the air.
‘What a way to go,’ thought Scott as he arrived a moment too late.  ‘So much potential needless ruined.’
“They actually sold good pizza,” Saint remarked.  Saint was in the form of a ball of light.  Scott gave him an odd look.  “I wouldn’t let them die like that, now would I?”


Epilogue

The misfits landed with a slight thud on the floor of a vast circular stone room.  The ceiling could not be seen.  Long chandeliers hung from metal chains.  There were several people seated around the middle of the recessed wall.  Each person was garbed in a crimson robe and their faces could not be seen.
A faint figure appeared before the misfits.  The figure looked almost completely see-through and was androgynous.  The figure offered no comfort or ill-will to the misfits.  The figure just looked them over.
A golden light flashed.  Samuael appeared next to the misfits.  From a haze, Scott then appeared.  The small ball of light that was the remainder of Saint appeared.
“You three are speaking for these that have been spared,” A booming voice called over to them.  The echo made it impossible to tell who was speaking to them.
“We are,” Scott told them.  “I have seen the measure of these gathered here.  They are the sum of both the best and worst that humanity has to offer.  Through them a balance of power and hope can once again be delivered to the worlds.  I would gladly die if it would mean that they get to live on.”
“What say you Samuael?” Another booming voice asked.
“They are indeed misfits,” Samuael agreed.  “Their unique blend is something of wonder to me.  They still have much to learn if they are to become something better.”
“And you, Francisco Saint?” a third voice asked.
“The Scott needs someone to keep him grounded in reality,” Saint told them.  “It would be a shame to deprive him of her company.”
“Do any of you mortals have anything to say?” A fourth indistinguishable voice asked the misfits.
“I do,” Amara told them.  “Six years ago I put all my faith in science.  I wouldn’t have believed any of this to be real.  Then I met the love of my life, Sammy, and he and his family showed me that there is more to life, to the world, that what is easily seen through a microscope.  Because of them I began to believe in the gods again.  After the Rinzyu fiasco, I saw that the world needs people like them, who are willing to risk everything for the sake of a single innocent child.”
“I’m the kid that Sammy and CK saved a few weeks ago,” Teddy told the ones garbed in crimson.  “I really don’t know how my life would have turned out if I hadn’t met them.  Their compassion is something that I will never take for granted.”
“Saint,” Yet another voice spoke up.  “You saved them from death but Death still wants them and feels cheated.  What say you to these charges?”
“I am guilty of saving their lives,” Saint told them.  “But their lives are still full of promise.”
“They are mine!” A large hooded figure said as he approached those on the floor.  He appeared to glide over to them.  “All of them.”
“You cannot demand the life of Teddy,” Dodger told Death firmly.  “He’s innocent and pure.  If you come after him then I swear to the gods that I will seek to destroy you.  You are but a physical manifestation of a force of nature.”  Dodger reminded Death.
“I say that these mortals be rewarded for their loyalty to each other,” Scott told everyone.  “I have never seen such devotion from an odd sort of group like this.”  Scott shrugged.  “I need soldiers and others to do my bidding in my realm.  What’s the point in being a lord if I have no court?”
“Then I will come for you as well,” Death threatened.
Scott began to glow a pure blinding light.  His eyes completely turned white.  Scott stared down Death.
“You will not lay a finger on them,” Scott warned Death.  Scott, in this form, was a mortal god.  His powers were growing exponentially.  The longer Death stalled, the more powerful Scott would grow and the easier it would be for Scott to banish Death.  Scott pointed a finger at Death, trapping him in a sphere of holy protective energy.  Eight glyphs appeared around Death, creating a box to imprison him in.  Scott turned to the misfits.  “I will deal with all of this.  Don’t worry, go to my home, Samuael will take you, and be safe.”

~

Samuael did as he was instructed.  He took them to Scott’s realm.  The misfits were surprised to find out that it was for all intents and purposes, a large manor house.  It was for the most part, a warm and cheery place.
Samuael took them for a brief tour, ending with the bar.  He made himself a strong drink and offered everyone else something.  He looked over at Sammy, Amara, and Teddy.
“You three,” Samuael said as he finished his second drink.  “You three need to be marked.  Otherwise, if you fall asleep here you’ll have a hard time waking up again until the master of this place wakes you.”
Those three needed to be marked with the seal of protection that the others had.  That seal would guard them against possession and other influences.  It would also allow them to telepathically communicate with Scott or Samuael if the need should arise.
Dodger and Alice grinned at each other.  The mark was uncomfortable to get but it would last a lifetime.  Cha-Kun had been created with the mark.  The mark was a rare thing indeed.  Only a select few ever got it, most of which died.
Scott arrived in his usual haze.  His body was somewhat charred.  He snapped his fingers and his clothes and skin became like new.  He looked around at the others who were giving him a funny look.
“I suppose it’s time,” He told them as he looked at the misfits.  “All of you have been charged with aiding humanity when they didn’t deserve it, numerous acts of heroism, the deaths of no less than five hundred Rinzyu, fifty-three Klansmen, nearly a thousand zombies, twenty wraiths, sixty werewolves, forty-seven vampires, and zero innocent humans.  With records such as these that it is only fitting that you seek to resume your current course of work to the best of your abilities.  As such, it has been declared that you all be given eternal youth.  In addition to that, no poison or disease will be able to kill you or effect you.  Also, suicide will be impossible.”  Scott stopped for a moment to catch his breath.  “You three will be given our brand, a mark of protection.  Also, all of you have earned the right to be called Saint.”
Their people only had a few House names.  Darter was the name given to the children of those who escaped the Great Slaughter.  Scott was the name of those who fought valiantly until they were driven back to the Nexus.  Creed was given to those who survived, went into hiding, and became either politicians or religious leaders.  Saint was a title granted to those who were spared or brought back from Death.  To be declared a Saint was the highest honor anyone of their kind could ever receive.
Life would only get more complicated from here on out.  The misfits chose not to disband and go their separate ways.  They needed each other more than any of the cared to admit.  Dodger became a father to Teddy and a role model.  Sammy and Amara ended up having a healthy baby human girl.  Alice and Cha-Kun found solace in each other, realizing that neither of them really wanted to date or have husbands who would worry too much about them.  The two would often share quality time that would make Zeus blush.
They would only stay in a town for five years then move.  Schooling became a bit of a sick joke for Sammy, Cha-Kun, and Teddy.  Granted, CK and Sammy were actually High School graduates before they were given eternal youth, they didn’t want to leave Teddy alone.
On the paranormal side of things, Dodger received a death blow, which should have killed him.  Alice was able to save him.  The cost was that he’d never be able to go back to being a human.  He’d forever be trapped as either a were-beast or a wolf.
Teddy became a human rights advocate and activist.  He might not be able to control lighting, cloud minds, or turn into a werewolf but he had a lot of free time on his hands.  He spent his free time studying hate-crime legislation and formulating ways to prevent blue laws from staying on the books.
Amara was fearful for Sammy since they had the baby.  She wasn’t fond of the idea of him going off to risk his life but she knew that that was what made him worthwhile.  She continued her work as a vet.  
Cha-Kun and Scott were studying their peoples’ texts with vigor in Scott’s domain.  There was still much for both of them to learn about their family’s past.  Something was not settling well with Cha-Kun though.  She was beginning to remember Francisco’s last few moments of life.
“Scott,” She said to her cousin.  “I need to see something.”
“Sure thing,” Scott said slightly puzzled.  “What do you need?”
“I want to see what happened to Francisco at his last few moments, who he was talking to.” Cha-Kun told him.
“Sure thing,” Scott said, still not completely understanding what Cha-Kun was looking for.  Scott waved his hand and the image of the disembodied Francisco appeared before the two.  The room began to change into the Realm Between the Living and the Dead.  A second thing showed up, a ball of light.  “Reveal who that is,” Scott told the room.
“They are both Francisco Creed,” A warm voice told them.  “They were once a single being, a god, who was ripped in half.  One part was mortal while the other was the fullness of his powers.  This is a rare bit of deep magic.  The powers themselves gained their own consciousness as a means of further protecting Francisco’s mortal part, if only from a distance.”
“Further explanation,” Scott told the room.
“Francisco had found a way to achieve immortality through use of the deeper magic,” The voice continued.  “However, the pathway he chose was to do so as specters instead of living flesh.  In doing so, he was undetectable by most and could better serve his reincarnation, Cha-Kun.”
“I want to talk to him,” Cha-Kun told her cousin.
“Sure,” Scott said as he waved his hand, causing the images to disappear.
The two walked down the pastel colored hallway to the room where Scott could communicate with the dead.  Scott spoke the incantation to get the room to work for Cha-Kun.  The two entered.
“Francisco Saint, the specter,” Cha-Kun clearly spoke.  “I desire to talk to you.”
Saint appeared before the two as a ball of light.  The ball of light varied in intensity as the situation was assessed.
“How many parts did you split yourself into that are still alive,” Cha-Kun asked.
“You are the only one,” The ball of light told her.  “It was rather ingenious if I do say so myself.  It certainly annoyed the hell out of Death.  But then again, it also scored me some unusual brownie points with it as well.
“You yourself are a remarkable example of my planning,” Saint went on.  “I knew that the only way I could protect my siblings was to ensure that they would not have the fight the Void Dwellers.  Only those who have become one with the Light could begin to stand a chance at surviving that kind of onslaught.  I will tell you this: I did not die fighting the Void Dwellers like they believe.  What killed me was something far greater.  I gazed upon the High Celestial with mortal eyes.  Without my powers my body could not handle the sight and I faded into nothingness.
“I loved them both, more so than any other people in the world,” Saint went on.  “We were three of a kind, back when I was completely me.  After I was stripped of my powers I went into exile.  I began to live with humans.  I still had a rather impressive intellect and I put it to good use.  I took the town of Ridgewood and sculpted it so that it could become a beacon of inspiration for others.  The Rinzyu apparently screwed that up though.”
“How’d you kill the last one?” Cha-Kun asked.
“With the full impact of the Light,” Saint told her.  “He was beyond evil, that one.  It was a shame, really.  He had so much promise.”
“But you killed him in a matter of minutes,” Cha-Kun said.  “I thought that the battle would have lasted much longer than that.  It seemed to be over before either of you reached your peaks.”
“I chose for it to end that way,” Saint informed her.  “I had a chance to kill him quickly so I did.  It was quick and underhanded, I know, but letting him live a moment longer would have been a moment more that he could have corrupted the peace that I strove to foster.  He was no longer the son of Alex but a monster bent on revenge.”
“With the Rinzyu gone and the Void Dwellers stopped is there really anything else out there for use to worry about?” Cha-Kun asked.
“The Realms are always changing,” Saint told her.  “There is always something afoot.  Just remember, our powers are not truly ours, you know.”  Saint turned his attention to Scott.  “My beloved cousin.  You have done far better than I ever could have.  The world deserves more people like you.  People like you who can walk in the Light.  Take Cha-Kun and show her the way.  Together you two will do remarkable things and have remarkable adventures.”  Saint’s attention fell back onto Cha-Kun.  “Scott is perhaps the single most powerful person of what’s left of our kind.  It will not be easy for him.  He needs you as a confidant.  Trust him and have your adventures.”  Those were Saint’s last words to them as he vanished.

The End.

About the Author
Joey Dupuis Jr is a misfit and a nerd.  This book was written by a misfit for misfits in the hopes of providing a little bit of entertainment.  This is his first attempt at writing a novel and hopes that you the readers have enjoyed it.

If you wish to contact Joey, you can easily find him on Facebook.

Acknowledgements
This book would not have been possible without the help of my cherished friends and loved ones.  This book is years in the making and I hope that those who have taken the time to read it have enjoyed the tale.  A special thanks to Josh Pittman who suggested Pastrami On Rye as the title for the story.
