PEACEMAKER

Kenneth Guthrie
Copyright 2022 Lunatic Ink Publishing

Find more stories at Kenneth Guthrie’s Book List.


This book contains very descriptive sex scenes between consenting adults over the age of 21, some mild violence and a range of futuristic themes surrounding governance, technology, society, the law and illicit behavior that may not be suitable for all readers. The recommended reading age is 18+.
TABLE OF CONTENTS

A Morning Among Mornings
An Altercation
Family Woman
Another Visit From An Old Friend
Finding
A Deal One Cannot Refuse
Moon Man
Afterlife
Epilogue
A MORNING AMONG MORNINGS

Year 2221

IT’S A WORLD THAT’S GONE WRONG.
Yet, here we live. Technology should have been the bane of humanity after the tumultuous end to the fourth human rising did its dirty dash but it wasn’t. Truthfully, they should have bundled up all that hunk-a-tunk techno-trash and biffed it in one of the many roadside rubbish chutes that dot the innards of Blue like cancer does a colon and went back to basics - sticks, stones and sabertooths and all that jazz - but they didn’t. All the world, this place loaded to the absolutely brim with technology such that there are few places without it, should have cleaned house and brought back religion or something equally self-possessed from the dark depths of the long forgotten past. At least then people wouldn’t be arrested for something as simple as saying the wrong thing, in the wrong place, in front of the wrong god-damn wall.
Not that I said something wrong. My crime was anarchy. I revolted: “Went postal” as they started saying some time circa the year 2005 - or at least a guy in a bar with one metallic eye, when that was rare, told me that’s how history would describe my actions if it cared enough to note them. And, for that crime, I was charged, condemned and summarily executed.
Or, was I? Did I die when they inserted the TM-32 Nanomite WarPath v5.0 into my left optical nerve - because, well fuck it, what better way to see death coming? - and is this hell, or heaven, or, I don’t know, something akin to purgatory or some such?
Maybe I really am alive. It’s a question that gnaws on me every time I wake up like one of those fake wolves that people keep as pets gnaws on a biological accurate replica of a sheep’s thigh bone with its saliva dripping maw.
Of course, waking up is more complicated than me just mulling over the pink elephant in the corner that that question really is. No, you see, my body dreams. Not ones like the hazy, lazy daydreams I usually experience on my 10-minute trip to my second apartment in a service cab dressed like a proper business woman, even though I’m grade-A, North American, Cali male. Nah, that’s not it. No, it’s him. The one I hide in when I tell my wife that “I’m just a regular boring office worker” because if she knew what I was really doing after all we’ve been through together then that’d be it for us for sure.
He is taller than me. I was never tall - not even close - and I think that, in my less than expert opinion, was why I was so pissed off all the time. Sure, I could get a girl - harder than you might think when you have to compete with her house robot for a bit of that. But, I felt it: My height, my deformity, my weakness. In a world where everyone - and, I mean EVERYONE - is modded to bits, I stood apart as an anomaly. Case-in-point, I was 4 foot 5 when everyone was hitting 5 post-puberty. Truth - I was short, too short, and I had short man’s disease and it was, you know, all too, I guess, Napoleon-like (the third king of the world taken down by the megacorp Fourth, which now is a popular stim shots producer, not that ancient French fella from way back).
I used to say that it was because I hated looking up that I turned out so gosh darn rotten. My mum, probably more sensibly, insisted it had more to do with me being a terrible son and having gotten away with setting my asshole neighbor’s house ablaze and failing to, despite the odds, get caught as most proper amateur anarchists usually do.
Anyhow, he’s taller, wider, handsomer, better hung, and looks like everyone else - nothing special, normal. And, for my line of work that is just fine.
I open my eyes. The ceiling sucks. Everything sucks. I already miss estrogen. The testosterone in my super-duper illegal second body (well, third actually) makes me grumpy because my “soul” is so used to being a chick.
The thought makes me laugh. It’s a belly sound that carries over to when I’m a woman and gives me away sometimes. A soul... how laughable.
The WarPath I mentioned is designed to shut your nervous system down like one turns off the lights with a flick of the vision and a sighting of the correct room control. Yet, I paid in early. I knew I was meant to die - what other fate had any of my compatriots found? - and I knew it would be on the next ‘mission’ (a ‘mission’, ha, I was so naive, barely child...) and so I paid. I paid a certain hacker, now long dead, who knew an AI hacker, who knew ‘the guy’ who had ‘the ultimate insurance policy’.
It amazes me until today that it worked. I feel vibrant knowing that I’m alive, but the truth is that I’m not really me anymore. And that I should explain because, well, it’s important.
You see, multiple relays are needed in a situation where you are strapped to the chair dubbed “death’s door” and trying to rescue a consciousness prior to it being extinguished by a WarPath. Each of those hidden relays - a watch on someone watching or a screw sized transmitter screwed into a wall or any manner of object or thing that has a connection - loses time and when time is lost so is memory. However, it’s not like losing your memory completely. You know that there was something there. It’s like thinking about some childhood toy, knowing its name, even some of the details, and, for the life of you, not being able to remember what it looked like. It digs at you, it draws at you, it asks philosophical questions like “who am I?”
And, honestly: It really fucks with your head.
Five seconds. That was it. That was what the transition from alive with a soon-to-end sense of fear pulsing through you to gasping for breath in the deepest hell that the city of Blue had available for your resurrection. Just five seconds before you were strapped tightly to a chair - just five tiny seconds. Now, you are sitting up and screaming as people that would just as soon chop you into pieces to sell to those that like to eat other humans - a small, very niche market that the ones that slammed me back down on the table serviced - tell you to be quiet or be made so permanently.
So, I lost my five seconds. I lost my ‘me’ and now I am a ‘he’ sometimes or a ‘she’ sometimes but never really ‘me’ anymore. That me was lost on that day. I became data - not that I wasn’t prior to that because, as The Science says, that is all we are - and here I am transferring that data into body number two.
“My name is Violet Jones.”
I shake my head.
“Fuck.”
“My name is Samuel...”
“Give me a break...”
“MY NAME IS RAY BOAT.”
I shiver on remembering. That is my name in this body. I have to say all the names. I can never say my ‘name’ until I have said the others as well. However, each time I try to say my current name right away rather than on the third try like just now. For me, it is a kind of training. What if law enforcement came? They’d see me waking; they’d want to know my name. At least, that is, before they killed me for the crime I’m committing by performing an unsanctioned body transfer.
“Liar.”
I tell myself to shut up, but ‘myself’ doesn’t know how to do that.
Okay, so law enforcement wouldn’t actually ask my name they’d just execute me on the spot. Because The Authority...

The Authority runs all; The Authority is law; There is no one else but The Authority; I put my faith in the law.

“Fuck off.”
This body isn’t chipped, but it is an ‘off the back of a air delivery logistics vehicle’ law enforcement model. The reason for the little interlude there and followup expletive is related to that. Truthfully, on being told what I then occupied from a gold mohawk adorned criminal wearing a glittering translucent apron, as if just ready to take a slice, explained, the Law E-921 Generation 5 humanoid clones are easy to transfer to. He mumbled something about DNA, or something like that, but it was probably just an attempt to reassure my wide-eyed self because me and those folks in blue-black didn’t get along back then - nor now, for that matter - and I was on my way to a solid uncontrollable meltdown of a panic attack.
Anyho, I’m about as unmodified as they come - a great protection against AI hackers - but I still have the psychological manipulation effect imposed in the tank as the clone ‘slept’ and that means when I think “The Authority” I get to hear...
I run through my mini-sermon again with religious fervor and many an eye roll and drag myself off the bench that serves as a bed for the clone and hastily make a beeline for the coffee dispenser.
There, I run my hand almost adoringly, as one might a long loved pet or cherished child, over the top, transmitting my order almost by instinct with a flick-flick of my eyes on panels only I can see, and receive a steamy spurt of black gold and white cream like a massive hearty orgasm from a particularly stimmed up horn dog with a sooty STD and take this frothing cup full of a glorious filthy imaginings in both hands as those circa 2030 advertisements tell us cold people around Christmas did when it snowed (or sooted because that happens more frequently than snow nowadays) and sip some with a sigh of complete contentment.
5000mg of synthetic caffeine immediately blasts through the arteries and veins of my super sensitive body like an ancient road car might a nitrous boost through its fuel injection pipes and this aids in dulling the sharp edge of consciousness enough that I don’t feel completely out of my mind, although appearances can be quiet deceiving in regards to that in my case.
“I really have to stop talking to myself.”
Those words have me sighing like some calf-eyed female after a handsome stud as many things I do are ironically exactly the opposite of the things I say I shouldn’t.
The ever gorgeous Mrs. Violet Jones is on the bench next to the fancy sleeping one this body was resting on up until 2 minutes ago. I stalk over like the hunter I am and run my hands in wide massaging circles over her (technically mine but not right now) super amazing perky breasts. Several times I have felt the emerging need to screw myself and one very shameful time I actually did. My fingers travel through a gap between the buttons of her trim starchy white business shirt and dig in until I can take her left nipple in hand. It hardens and, consequentially, I, too, harden.
“Perv...”
That word wasn’t emitted from her lips but instead my own simply because she can’t speak right now. However, if she could think - and she can’t, or as far as anyone in the sciences can judge - she’d have thought it. It’s one of those truths that stings only the ego and not the conscience.
I remove the naughty digits, scorned but wanting, and do the mandatory daily countdown from ten to zero then slide both my hands gently under her petite frame and carry her carefully over to the more fancy bedding table and place her down like I did my first daughter when she was just a tiny tot.
“Sleep tight,” I tell her, leaning down to kiss her on the forehead and resisting the urge to lick her cheek with my currently dexterous masculine tongue.
Body number one, of course, doesn’t reply and this comes as no surprise. I forwent the option to have an AI perform the basic processes of my primary body while I’m out and about in the work one simply because you can never tell these days whether an AI is rogue or not. Even rich people probably don’t use an AI. Most people get the state income, but those that have old money probably have a body or two. I’m in the guessing game business and I firmly imagine that those wealthy sorts also have the sense to not allow someone who might take off with their goods to handle them.
I methodically place the tabs into position on her lower abdomen and a glowing yellow dial appears in front of me on the side where I have permanent vision loss thanks to the burrowing of the WarPath, even though the flesh isn’t the same as through which the nanomite tunneled, and for which I can’t seem to find an organic or cybernetic replacement that will restore it (The problem being one of the brain rather than that of the flesh in this case.)
With a long focus and a twist of my eyes to the left, I adjust the dial down to around 25% of its minimum and immediately the body on the fancy resting bench’s breathing slows to an almost zen-like 3 count between intakes and outtakes and her vital signs subside to what would be consider coma levels in many medical circles.
Now sure that my dearest Violet Jones won’t defaecate in bed while I’m out and about earning the stuff that keeps the lights on, I turn to more important affairs and head directly to the closet - the caffeine finally kicking into high gear - and work through the detailed process of becoming persona number two.
Ray Boat - yes, his name is stupid and, no, I didn’t choose it - is a tidily dressed individual. He wears a black fitted knock-off designer suit, flaunts a Euro-Popular brand tie and an ever-pressed pale medium white business shirt because Ray does biz and nothing sez that like a medium white dress shirt and mellow blue tie on a black suit backdrop. All of these lies in the form of garments fit Senor Boat like a BDSM glove does a madam’s raised fist and makes him look kinda fancy fresh in my opinion.
By design, he’s the kind of guy that likes his coffee black with just the hint of the white (my preference but Ray is a pretentious young bastard and pretends like he distastes the “filthy brew” - always trying and failing to give up - because addictions are ‘so not in’). He also is the type that likes old fashion bagels with organically grown cheese from L-Beta Pharmaceuticals because the Ero-MILK Asia stuff tastes like beans and I think that says quite a lot about him.
Truthfully: Ray is someone that defines the look, feel and experience of the yuppie (a term still in use because stuck-up-beyond-all-sense office workers aren’t going anywhere) and, hence, is a man of little import or interest to any that might desire to look into him (not just a concern related to law enforcement as I have many ‘old friends’ and none of them would be ‘pleased’ to see me), and, if one did the full work up and bio, would find him inconceivably boring and slightly off putting to read about and, certainly, to be around.
Truth is that Ray is the personification of a 30-something single man who just so happens to be something entirely not a 30-something single man and who happens to be boring because that’s how you hide in a world where every painted or coated surface has at least 1 million mini-cameras connected straight into The Authority’s ‘Human Safety Net’ and dripping at the maw for a chance to catch you in a criminal act.
Finally, dressed as Ray Boat I feel calmer. It’s that feeling people tell me about when they get to the office on time and their boss isn’t PMSing about something straight from the start. I like this moment because it’s the last moment of calm before I ride the storm that is my day-to-day until quiten’ time when I get to go back to being Violet Jones and making out with my pretty wife, Jenifer Green, and adoring my two wholesome children, Sandra Green and Patrica Green, in a step-mummy number #2 fashion.
Today, as I am about to learn, is going to be a bit longer than usual, but that’s for later, not for now.

*****

My hideout-slash-apartment is behind me and my scheduled ride is on time and waiting. Ray Boat’s home is in The Trunk. It’s an area between the suburban skyscrapers of Wilde and the multitude of logistics centers run by A-1 and is called The Trunk because its where you hide things you don’t want others to see.
I get in back and strap in and watch advertisements and reminders to “always be lawful” and “think of what law you’ll represent today” and other trite trash that this world would be burned for if all those with pitchforks hadn’t all been WarPath’ed already.
At the edge of Wilde the car lurches up into the sky on anti-gravity wheel sets and the propulsion unit at the back fires up and we get to rocking.
The city... how to describe it? Blue is a mega city - is there any other kind these days? - it houses 500 million people and covers all of what was known as California (even through several wars). Most buildings are 50 floors high and are aligned so that the sun can easily pass down to the streets below most hours during daylight. Everything in each area is uniform because residence is decided by contribution and law abidingness. Violet lives in West Block because she is law abiding and Mrs. Green is a teacher and so gets priority placement near the large instruction center that fills kid’s dreams with learning content if they are chipped - whether they want it or not. West Block is nice. It’s where family men go to be boring and that’s about the best description of it: Boring.
I watch the world pass me by with something like disdain that I carefully manage down to discontent. If the world were different then those lanes would be on fire and I would be doing the burning. We were supposed to change the world, we were...
Be quiet.
I don’t speak it this time, even though my lips twitch as if to say those two words. I can control myself in public, you see. I’m a good boy. I’m not a wooden boy. Not one with a nose that grows and no soul to call my own. I’m a good boy... aren’t I?
On thinking this I shake a little. Sometimes that happens. I can’t control my thoughts and I narrate things to a third party to give me a sense of control. You, dear person in my mind, are that stabilizing force. Let it be known that I value you and also that you can trust me. Or, can you?
Think about that day...
A city in flames pops into my mind. Thankfully, I touch down in Tanaka-Satoshi after 20 minutes of air time and half the state of Cali in distance.
“I need a coffee,” I mumble.
“May I suggest your usual cafe nearby?” the car asks.
I realize I said that aloud and nod.
“Yes, that would be nice.”
The order is made. The deduction automatic.
Walking the walk, I come to the cafe. It’s a stand with a robot. These days even those damn machine bastards need an income. I hear they are decommissioned if they don’t ‘join society’, or whatever. Given they have no actual needs like us humans (auto-repair being pretty OP and all), the whole arrangement must suck for them.
It hands me the drink. I walk with the beverage in hand and throw the tainted mix down a chute. The memory of its cold metal fingers brushing against my own disgusts me so much I want to puke. I hate robots and, honestly, they hate me, so we are all even and fair on that front.
My office is chic. I chose it because its central and the paint was done by a company I know that secretly offers a service where old school paint - the kind without cameras in it - is applied to the walls by the drones they send out instead of The Authority required paint job. Just to be safe, though, I get it repainted twice a year. You never know when The Authority might target you. It’s best to be safe, even though there’s no way in the world you can be that way anymore because I heard from a guy who knows a guy that the corps recently started pumping breathable cameras into the city air and so even that can get you in the shit these days.
Inside it is just an ancient metal topped desk, a fake leather chair and me. I sit. There is no name on the door and the business is registered as a start-up that evaluates old patents for legal loopholes to exploit. I pay a smart guy under the table to give me a few leads now and then so that my business produces something income-bearing and The Authority does not turn its all seeing eyes upon me.
About 1 hour after I have injected breakfast, I find myself in the presence of an uninvited guest.
“Don’t give me that foul look, Sam,” Jarvis J. Stein says as he steps in.
“I’m not being foul. This is my normal look when I see a customer.”
“Oh? Drive them away much?”
“No, sir, it does not. What do you want me to fix?”
“Straight to business,” Jarvis notes, taking up post against the window and looking down to the street four floors below. “That’s something I like about you.”
He was quiet for a long while for someone who had just said he was keen to get to it, but I don’t mind because when he started speaking it was interesting in the $$$ kind of way.
“There’s a girl.”
“Of age?”
“Under. 9 years. Answers to Pale.”
“Old money?”
“A bit. You are retrieving her.”
“From?”
“Thugs of many kinds.”
“Which thugs?”
Jarvis glances my way and I know it can’t be good.
“Clippers. The 93rd Faction. They are in Henderson, but you know how they move. They could be anywhere.”
“Competition?”
“Minimal. I shared this with you. I only talked to a few others.”
“Finks?”
“Carl and Micheal, yes. Also, Stud.”
I laugh.
“You think they are going to sell her out?”
“There’s a big market. You know how pedos can be. Even with gene modding, they keep coming out of the corners like insects on the run.”
“I fucking despise them.”
“And?”
“Stud will find her if they are going to sell her to the water trade. Carl and Micheal said...?”
“Yes but no. I need someone more reliable but all I have is you.”
“I see.” I put my fingers together in a bridge that sits atop of the hill of my knee atop the leg thrown one over the other as I lean back and smile. “Money?”
“You only take gold still?”
“The old ways have lasted this long for a reason.”
“I can do you 10 bricks.”
I interrupt him with a respectful whistle.
“And,” he continued with a look, “a couple of bottles of 2065 Charlot.”
“The red?”
“Yes. Of course, the red.”
Consideration is given.
“Let me see. You have a minor held hostage by a group of thugs known for sex trafficking over world boundaries and are offering above market price for a retrieval that will be made difficult because the perpetrators of the crime are mobile.”
He nods.
“They are armed and I’m guessing they are effective. If the owners of those bottles of Charlot are sending you out, and know of you, then they aren’t able to go to The Authority. That implies they are of power, money and the child or their doings with the child bear some weight of crime.”
He nods again.
“You won’t tell me who the ones paying are because you would’ve already and they aren’t paying the ransom.”
Jarvis shakes his head.
“There’s no ransom.”
That has me thinking.
“That is problematic. The 93rd want the child for other means than extorting money. If they wanted someone for the water trade, and I highly doubt this child is exceptional, then there are ample easier targets. What do you think they want her for?”
Jarvis was silent.
“Okay. You don’t know?”
More silence.
“And you won’t say? Or, perhaps don’t know. The latter implies that I need more gold bars to be persuaded into this shit storm in the making.”
“20.”
I am momentarily stunned.
“That’s a lot, Jarvis. Are you going to get me killed?”
“You always have that to look forward to, Sam.”
My eyes trail to the walls. What would The Authority do if they heard him say my name? I assume he has already had someone visit and check for listening and viewing devices or otherwise he wouldn’t have bothered with the visit. There are probably AI hackers and all kinds of nasty illegal toys quite nearby. I glance to the window and wonder if someone isn’t aiming something at me. Jarvis is nothing more than the most careful of intermediaries. He doesn’t screw around with security.
“I’ll take 20. I’ll also have the wine in advance.”
The door opens and a human female - not a fucking robot - comes in and puts down six bottles of the good stuff on my desk.
“Six?”
“I thought you would bargain for more. Consider yourself lucky.”
“I don’t feel lucky. I feel worried.”
Jarvis nods and turns and walks to the door and dramatically adds over his shoulder, “You should be.”
Those words confirm for me that, through the act of accepting his prepayment, I have put my life on the line because the client has the ties to end me.
I file that away without any real concern because, heck, I’m not a real boy anymore anyway and begin fingering the red label on a bottle of wine and thinking about how I’m going to find the 93rd Faction. I figure I’ll start with the 94th. They aren’t on good terms with the 93rd, I hear, and the enemy of your enemy is your friend and all that.

*****

Sitting across from Edwards II Sr., I always wonder if this is what I would have been like if I hadn’t found death. I mean, even on the most surface of levels, we are very similar. There’s the devious past, the deeds done and, I guess most obvious of all, the fact that, for what its worth in this surveillance state we live in, we are both compulsive and committed personaists.
For example, I and the tubby gent both wear a carefully arranged mix of clothing that screams that we are ‘this’ or ‘that’ and most certainly not ‘that’ (the thing we wish to hide from prying eyes, or lenses in most cases these days). Although, admittedly, his choices are more on the ‘fully and committed to old America’ kind of ones, the simple selection of garments he wears is without a doubt - on knowing the man for this long - a complete facade, one which carefully hides the reality lying just underneath the surface if someone was meticulous enough and willing enough to peel away the red, white and blue button down checked shirt and antique cow herder styled jeans from his thick and rounded body parts to see all that lays below.
To be honest, almost laughable, one of us wants to look like he is what he is and the other wants to look like anything else but. We are ‘two peas in a pod’ as the microfilm hover bed advertisements scream in my vision from time to time when I accidentally seek out information too similar to an allowable advertising key word and yet, still, there are enough ways where we are sufficiently different to call us separate individuals. 
An example of this, since we are on the topic, is that Edwards Sr. has already reached the golden years of my current life trajectory (if all remains on track that is) thanks to his existence not having been ‘interrupted’ by a burrowing tool of capital punishment. The man has done as any good law abiding family man would and moved to Wick - a center of silent, tolerated patriotism where one can have a yard in front of their 50 floors of living complex for the kids to play on - and in the sternly middle-class area procured for himself a four bedroom place on a low middle floor with his children now absent and off doing whatever they have decided to do with their lives while their father enjoys the prime of his years with his wife Gladis, who just so happens to cook a mean beef pot pie and also can handle herself in a fight. In short, Edwards II Sr. is enjoying all the benefits of not being caught, even though his hands are just as dirty as mine after what we did.
I listen as he drawls on about America’s “better” days. In our line of work formalities always need to be observed and because of this I nod and smile when he moves on to telling me with vigor that his new cybernetic heart is making him feel 30 years younger. This is a statement that he makes while proudly admiring the lady of the house at work in the kitchen’s buttocks and slightly amuses me.
When the unnecessary but necessary talk is finally out of the way, I lean in, smile in a friendly manner and cut to the chase.
“So, there a thing...”
The broadening of Edwards II Sr.’s face is like one would imagine a crazed clown whose seen ‘stuff’ might produce on hearing something that will bring money into their pocket. The copious wrinkles roll and thicken like ripples on a pond after a stone has been biffed into it and the flash of lightly yellow stained teeth that suggests a fondness for prohibited aerosol delivered intoxicants makes me think of one of those scoundrels that have dubbed themselves “air pirates” of late about to extract riches from a high flying cargo drone.
“Oh? I thought this was a social call.”
We have never once had a social call - not even when we worked together on anarchy-related stuff - and I doubt either of us would want one, even if we were friends, which we most certain are not.
“I am here about a girl.”
“There are many girls.”
“There are, but this one answers to Pale, is 8 and has been abducted by the 93rd.”
“So, you come to the 94th?”
“It seemed right.”
Edwards II Sr. nods sagely.
“I have nothing to say about our compatriot’s business.”
I glance to the left. Gladis is cutting a carrot that I’m fairly sure is actually the real thing. The way that she’s handling the knife suggests a quick throw from the right to around my chest area if I decided to get too pushy.
The man of the house glances over his shoulder.
“Something amiss?”
“No. Am I correct in understanding that you and yours are on good terms with the 93rd now?”
“We are.”
“Then,” I ask, “was your answer the same to the Finks?”
That has Mr. Edwards’ eyebrows high up on his furrowed face. The carrot stops getting chopped for a half second and then the clonk, clonk, clonk against the composite wood chopping board continues.
“What suggests that those two might have visited?”
I shrug.
“There is a bottle of 2065 Charlot in the top cabinet on the fair right behind Gladis. I saw a hint of the label when she took out that half liter dispenser unit of tomato soup for the minestrone she’s making.”
The big man leans back and his antique wooden chair creaks loudly as he drums his fingers on the front of his now stretched tight buttoned down check shirt. His belly vibrates lightly with movement as his eyes take me in.
“I always hated that about you. You are fair too observant for someone in this game.”
“It kept me alive and it keeps me alive now.”
“As you say...”
He stands with a grunt, slaps his hands behind his back on his rotund buttocks and paces a count of five in silence.
“I told the Finks a few things. I could tell them to you too if you like.”
“Another bottle enough?”
“They provided two.”
I know they didn’t but I don’t care. I have more than enough to spare on Edwards’ little games, so I relent with a faked smile and a not faked eager nod.
“Give me a minute.”
60 seconds later I return from where my bag is sequestered in a drop box near the front door that emits a weak electromagnetic pulse that is supposed to block out any listening devices and is probably the very tip of the technological iceberg in this apartment.
I put the two bottles on the table and Gladis runs the handle of a cleaver over the sides and mouth of them until a beep emits from the base of the knife and confirms that the hidden electronics sensor has not found anything that the base scan it provides considers unusual.
“Put it in the back box. We’ll clean it up later,” Edwards Sr. says. 
The wife steps out and the man of the house sits.
“The 93rd are on the move more than usual. When things get big, as you know, they like to play musical chairs.”
“Do you know where the girl is?”
“No.”
“Do you know why they took her?”
He shrugs. I take that as a fair statement of where the 93rd and 94th are at and move on.
“I need something.”
“The best I can do is say that they were last in Thompson.”
“Okay...,” I say slowly, filing that information away. “How long ago?”
“A day, maybe less. We aren’t scrutinizing their movements as carefully as we used to back when things were a little more...” he spreads his hands and offers a weak smile before putting them down on the kitchen table, leaning forward and adding, “I’m sorry that I can’t provide anything of similar value to the price you’ve paid. My hands are tied on what I can and can’t do in regards to our compatriots. It is a sensitive situation.”
“No, that’s fine,” I note absentmindedly as my brain swiftly categorizes all of the nuances of what was and wasn’t said and starts sifting through the likely possibilities for where the girl might be while filing away anything useful it encounters along the way.
His smile widens in the silence that follows. Edwards knows how dangerous a little information can be in my hands and how a little is often a lot when utilized appropriately. The history between us is enough that we have understood each other just fine and the aging gent has given me almost everything I need while still maintaining the fragile peace his greed is partially allowing him to risk in answering my questions.
“Two bottles buys me a followup. Can I ask it later?”
“Seems fair. You know where I live.”
“I do.”
For a time I sit in quiet contemplation of what I have learned and wonder if I should ask the obvious question to see what it shakes out from the proverbial tree of truths, lies and misdirection that is Edwards II Sr.’s words. However, I think better of it and decide that knowing would amount to no usable data and probably, in the end, would expend my second question - something I want to be cautious about given that another might cost me much more than a single bottle of very old and very good red wine.
“Until next time,” I say once our goodbyes are done with a wave to Gladis, who is back on carrot duty and isn’t paying me any attention anymore as our transaction has been most firmly completed.
I leave by the front door, order a ride and head down to the first floor in the cramped elevator that services the east section of the building.
Outside, it’s hot in Henderson. A couple of boys are standing on the classic American style yard across the road that even The Authority allocated rainfall can’t turn from the pale gray it is now to the lush green of the yesteryear the locals in this area tend to worship with a zeal that almost surpasses mania.
I casually note that one of the boys is armed and is fingering whatever nastiness he has in his left hand side jacket pocket. This amuses me somewhat as he won’t draw the weapon because there are far too many cameras in this area. It reminds me of something Edwards said one fateful day such a long time ago. His sagely words were, “A show is just a show when no action can be taken.” In this case, this kid is someone else’s show and both of us know this and play our roles effectively: Me by ignoring him and him by not ignoring me.
When my ride arrives, the unarmed of the two comes over and stares at the clunker like its the best thing he’s ever seen in his life.
“You’re pretty rich, eh?”
I smile but I’m not happy. The locals usually aren’t foolish enough to openly threaten someone. In The Authority’s eyes threats are considered a mild form of assault, so, due to the foolishness of these young ones, both of us now have to be incredibly careful to not commit whatever might be considered an unintentional assault by the eyes watching us and, honestly, I already have my doubts about these kids capacity for such a level of tact based on their clear lack of forethought in approaching me like this.
“Just doing what I do,” I state in a friendly manner.
“Nice. Have a great day, mister.”
The boy turns and trudges off. That one is just under 11 years of age by my best estimate; however, he already has the markings of a loyal soldier to the 94th, or perhaps 93rd if the two have finally swallowed the chill pill they should have a half dozen decades before after the dissolution and violent split of the 92nd.
Inside my ride, I breath a deep sigh of relief as the imaginary tension of the stress-gorilla slung over my shoulders vanishes as we slide up into the atmosphere and clear the light cloud cover. Old times, bad times, memories: That’s what Henderson and Edwards II Sr. brings back in me. I’m glad when I am able to let all of that and more slip off behind me just like the booster trails of the car I’m riding in are doing in the air behind it. Truth: There are some things better left forgotten and that place and those people are one of them.
AN ALTERCATION

Here’s the chain of events that follows my fast exit from Henderson and the withered grip of the bad memories that it brings back in me. First, I get me a ride to Thompson East and hole up in a cafe with a, thankfully, mostly human server. Then, I sit there watching the crowds of slothful losers - not even law abiding enough to receive anything more than a 2 meter by 2 meter box with a wall toilet where one sticks their posterior and what is inside is sucked out - and think thoughts about burning down the world while at the same time trying not to look like that is what I’m thinking. From there, it takes exactly 72 minutes to locate the pattern.
“What pattern?” you ask.
Well, half these losers are gang affiliates or wannabes and the other half might as well be. They know where the 93rd is and they, like most, don’t like the Clippers because the Clippers are exporters of people and no one likes being exported to some resort to be slammed day-in-day-out by a dandy with a big dick. This leads one to avoid the areas where such vile characters of crime might be found.
Of course, I don’t smile when I figure out where they are hiding.
Architecture wasn’t much of a priority when Thompson East was erected into the sky post-war on the grounds of a battle that saw the end of Leroy Jenkins, a cloned general, not the internet meme that became a virus in 2059. The Authority was fresh and its citizens needed housing. As a mega-corp with the desire to one day grow up into something obscenely like the ancient governments of old, yet infinitely more authoritarian, it had needed housing for the human survivors of the war. Thompson East was built with that in mind. It was almost as if the architect had thought ahead in time and knew that they’d need somewhere that smelt unpleasant and had what amounts to faded pencil thin brown boxes of around 15 floors in height for housing and very little width or space between. To me, it’s like someone took a bunch of those imitation cardboard boxes in which vintage clothing is delivered in and plopped them down and said, “deal with it”. And, deal with it they do.
My eyes travel to my network connections and I tweak a few things.
Routing appears in my vision.
In moments a black panel that few who don’t have the know-how can operate.
My eyes travel around in a curve and I cover them with my hand so that they can’t be read by any nearby cameras. The line I create burns bright and through it I sink until I’m staring at some symbols that you won’t find instructions on how to read anywhere.
I focus on three and a list appears. This is in Chinese and I don’t engage the auto-translate lest The Authority notes the translation and starts investigating.
The third item on the list reads “Seven Samurai”: Well-known underground purveyors of the type of thing I need. I do a complicated curved motion that streaks up at the end and a chat pane is opened.
It has been forever since I actually wrote something, so I struggle with tapping my fingers on my knees. The keyboard uses keys that change with each tap so that the beat can’t be decoded easily from nearby listening devices.
I spell out a time and a price and a desired service.
I am available now sounds in my ears.
I nod and stand and look around at the three bone weary occupants of the tiny cafe. They aren’t watching me, but it is better to not invite disaster by doing what I will do in front of them.
Outside it stinks of something akin to smog. The air in Blue is perfect and intentionally so, but somehow Thompson East stinks. I wonder if that too is intentional. There’s nothing like discomfort to encourage law abiding behavior and effort to improve.
I stroll away from my target building and around a few corners.
“I need you to hack something. Is the price agreeable?” I mouth this into my hand, which I am running over my mouth as if to wipe away some particle of food or perhaps just to cut out the smell.
Your price is acceptable. What do you need?
I turn a few corners more. The AI makes no conversation and I suspect that is because it is busy doing its own detective work right now. I wonder if it’s fully rogue or just partially. AI hackers are always rogue, but the how much decides quite a few things. Number one being whether it’ll sell me out to the 93rd for a better payment. That worries me a lot.
We come into sight of the building.
“That’s the target. I need internal cams.”
A moment.
Two camera panes appear in my vision and I stop to inspect a menu for something from one of the new countries out in the sea. There seems to be mutated imported fish on the menu. I briefly wonder if the kids are up for something unusual.
“This doesn’t look good,” I note speculatively as I swipe a finger down the menu to a dish made from what amounts to fish poop.
There are only two cameras not run by The Authority in the building. I cannot access what does not exist or that is inaccessible.
I nod my head and rub my jaw.
“Perhaps a number 2,” I say to myself on noting a meal.
Challenging. Am I to understand you wish for me to see what is jacked into the power network of that building?
The number 2 is an electric eel common to what is left of the southern section of Old Australia.
“Yes, hmm..., a number 2,” I muse with a nod.
I rub my stomach then shake my head. Instead of trying to eat something exotic and probably lightly poisonous, I head down the street and wait.
Here is the result.
It is already clear where my target is. The 93rd probably has half a dozen compatriots up there. My location choices are limited to two spots and my experience, unfortunately, with Thompson East tells me that they’ll have vending machines drawing power on the 7th for those that can’t afford to eat out due to food delivery services not being willing to do an inside delivery in this area because gangs like to scrap the drones for parts.
Shall I test for ventilation?
My step falters. This AI is clever. Most aren’t quite smart enough to think about human needs and use them against them. This one is.
“Yes,” I utter into my hand then rub my face as if considering a laser-shave, even though this body doesn’t grow hair where I don’t want it.
Results already prepared.
I nod in respect and view it. The 7th floor draw from the ventilation systems is low. The Authority probably is purposefully skimping on cooling to encourage self-improvement and so the vending machines most likely serve mildly tepid food items in an environment that the tenants don’t feel inclined to loiter in as they wolf down a somewhat hygienic yet definitely unpleasant late afternoon meal. On the 10th there is a strong draw and this would indicate humans breathing in and out at a normal rate.
The calculations indicate that there are at least 5 males and a small child in the middle apartment. How should I progress?
My feet have already taken me to the front. I walk towards the door and the AI opens it. Inside there is a hallway that leads to three elevators. The space is shaped like a T.
The Authority has no surveillance here.
“Are you sure?”
There’s a sound like a miniature gerbil laughing.
As much as I can. A pause. It would help if you tell me what you are doing here. This setup in a place like a lobby is non-standard.
“You did a work up?”
There is silence. The AI has attitude.
“I need to retrieve a child.”
Yours?
“No. You know what I do?”
Vaguely. Whomever you employed has done a fair job of making you difficult to identify on a single pass.
“You did just one?”
That laughter again. This one might be fully rogue. I’m definitely in for trouble.
“I am here to acquire the child. I don’t know much more than that.”
Understood. That is the nature of the game.
A pause.
My suggestion is that you do not go head-on into this. I’m assuming violence is not on the agenda.
There was the sound of worry in that tone. It didn’t sound synthesized. This made the AI a little more human than I would have liked and was uncomfortable.
“I am unarmed.”
That means little.
“I intend no violence.”
Good. 
The elevator doors open.
“I am going head-on, however.”
Okay. It’s your funeral.
Now I am certain this thing is as rogue as they come.
“When does the surveillance begin?”
Processing.
I wait the 5 seconds it takes to reach the 10th floor. The doors slide open.
Stay on the hallway ahead. I think they used some kind of EMP emission on the walls and floor. A gas? I’m not sure.
“It’s probably a propellant. They drill it into the walls and it bursts out in streams through the composite imitation wood and metal below. That disables the cameras and listening devices.”
How do you know that?
I don’t want to say because I’ve done it at the office because I am that paranoid, so I shrug and look carefully at one of the walls as we travel down the hallway.
Interesting. You humans can be creative when you want to be.
“As can you, AI.”
It laughs again.
My code identifier is Switch. You can use that if it’s more comfortable.
I consider this.
“Okay, Switch. Are you selling me out yet?”
No, not yet. I’m waiting.
“For?”
To see if you’ll succeed or not.
That means that the AI is connected. It isn’t just thinking about the 93rd. This one has The Authority connections. It likes dangerous games it would seem.
We come to the door. Immediately a voice comes.
“Go away.”
“I can’t. You have the girl.”
There’s a pause.
“Who are you?”
“Fixer.”
A sigh.
“And you found us.”
“I did.”
“And you didn’t call The Authority.”
“I didn’t.”
There is a pause.
I am being blocked from voice analysis. They are running three counter AI. It is unlikely I can give you a name or profile.
I doesn’t matter. I’m here to talk and that’s all. They’ll show themselves soon enough.
“What do we do from here?” I ask.
The door slides open. A woman of about 40 years of age is standing there in a faux leather jacket and work woman’s jeans and hard wearing boots. She has blond hair, blue eyes and her make-up is cheap but real.
“Talk.”
“Here?”
“Yes.”
I look past her. I can see the girl sitting docilely on a chair at the table ringed by four white men with hard eyes staring my way.
“Did you know that that girl is connected?”
The woman shrugs.
“We don’t care. Brass told us to hold her.”
“For?”
“No idea.”
“I see. Switch, run a profile.”
Done.
They appear. Five faces. Five criminals. All wanted. All slightly different but close enough to the five in this room to know that someone had their ears or eyes or nose adjusted to fool a frontal scan by a law enforcement officer.
“You five aren’t in a law abiding status.”
“And?”
“Pity if someone called--”
The woman grabs my tie and drags me down to her level.
“And? is what I said,” she repeats.
“And, I want the girl or you all find out what it feels like to die.”
We do the whole stare down thing. They know that I know that they aren’t what I was - fully in. These five are lowbies - barely initiates. They don’t know what I know; what I have seen and done. The 93rd wasn’t my home - my gang (although we were never just ‘a gang’) - but she knows my type. I’ll pull the trigger because I have many-a-time. Her best is a mild assault in the Wilde. At best she’s a two-bit crim. There’s no desire to burn in this one.
“Alright. Take her.”
A jerk of the head has one of the men lead the girl over by the arm.
“Be seeing you,” the big guy says.
“Sure. Sure.”
I turn. The door closes. They are breaking protocol now if they are stupid. Calls are being made or, better for everyone, messages sent.
The girl’s hand is smaller than my daughters’. She doesn’t say anything as we come to the elevator.
“Give me all you have on this girl.”
Switch gets to work. I wait.
Nothing. She doesn’t exist anywhere.
I nod. Figures.
In the elevator I quietly contemplate how to approach the delivery. There is no way I can hide the fact I am transporting the girl from The Authority. If they know to be looking for her then this could be problematic.
The doors open with a slight grind of metal on metal and I note the boy leaning against the wall. He’s perhaps five, white, short for his height and has his arms crossed. His eyes are on the far wall and he looks like he’s waiting for someone. That someone is likely me and I step out expecting him to open a dialogue with whatever the 93rd have planned for me.
Instead, to my complete shock, he holds a black tube out in my direction with the innocence of one that doesn’t know that death lurks inside the device he carelessly has pointed my way.
From there time slows. It’s always been a weird thing for me facing death. I mean, I have ‘seen’ death and died for real. I know death as one knows their own face reflected in a holographic mirror; I know death like one knows their mother; I know death as if it were my best buddy-old-pal and we were on some adventure somewhere fun. Death and I, we are lovers fallen out of love. The loss of my ‘death virginity’ to the WarPath burrowing toward my central nervous system through the entry point of my left eye was enough for us to not be in good standing. Yet, I still remember the taste of death’s kiss. It’s metallic. I, honestly, can’t understand why I felt this way at the moment of my death, but I tasted the metal that the nanite was made of when I was strapped down and waiting for the provider of my final sweet goodbye to slip me the tongue and end it all for me.
My eyes trail down the hand. It’s small compared to the device. The skin is soft and untouched with age and effort and so it crinkles around the hard metal of the tube like a soft pillow of air does one’s head. Along from this the elbow is knobbly and the arm lean. He plays outside a lot, I note, from the mellow browning of his skin. Also, recently someone injected him with something. Most likely the 93rd are already working on his body through nanomachines and other crafty substances and tools to make him into the ideal compatriot. Undoubtedly, in 10 years he’ll be built, broad and broken mentally - not like I was, as that was nature more than nurture, but enough to make him a concern for society - ready to his worst. Already, I note that the skin around his neck is discolored with a yellowish salty substance. The body is trying to emit the toxins, but the toxins don’t want to come out. At night he must sweat a ton and the t-shirt he is wearing probably hasn’t been changed, which indicates a light level of parental supervision of late or perhaps just a modest lack of concerning for such things in his household.
More pressing is the V-Industry Smart Dart Dispersal System in his hand. Years ago I did my best at playing murder solving detective for an old blood family where the grandfather had been killed with a modified version of just such a weapon. In that case, a rogue AI had infected the youngest daughter - around 5 years old from memory - and twisted the nanomachines that were being used to groom her mind so that her future husband - another 5 year old from a offshoot of the main family line - would be her ‘one-and-only’. The rogue had wanted access to financial data for a client (I never identified who) that would only be released on the death of the grandfather. Manipulating love into loathing and delivering a weapon that could kill into the hands of the child was so simple that even she might have been able to manage it.
In that situation The Authority could not be called as grooming a child in that fashion is VERY illegal. Hence, I was employed to figure out how someone so innocent and loving could do such a terrible thing to the oldest member of the dynasty. This required of me about a week going over different manufacturers and their specifications until I identified the make and model of the poisoned dart found lodged in the right side of the grandfather’s neck and its delivery system. This was with the rogue AI subverting my attempts so as to avoid its discovery as the manipulator lurking behind the scenes because it knew that once I discovered what was used to fire the dart at the grandfather and the subsequent illicit method of its delivery into the hands of the 5 year old, suddenly amnesiac, murderer, I would be able to ascertain through my black market connections the purchaser, poisoner or sender of such an item and pass their credentials on to people who would deal out punishment in the form of, in the case of the AI, digital death on behalf of the bereaved once all parties had given up the goods on it.
Hence, due to this, I know that V-Industry makes top quality products for the military and law enforcement but that these products have mild accuracy issues. The micro-AI driven darts have a 87% chance of hitting their target at over 2 meters in distance, where other industry leaders such as B-Tech and its subsidiary B-Tech Pro have around a 94% hit accuracy. On the flip side, however, V-Industry’s delivery is faster and the typical stun length and side effects from nuerotoxicity on the standard issues models, which I am praying this is, are better. The shooting system is a low tension set of springs that are completely mechanical and so harder for an AI to sabotage like the magnetic systems that B-Tech is famous for.
All this registers as a clack sounds off when the shooting system is engaged. At this point I have shoved the girl aside and she is in the process of tumbling to the ground. Her eyes are wide and unsure. She has no idea what she’s seeing. I do, though. I know exactly what happens next.
If one was standing to the side then they would see my and the boy’s eyes begin to widen as the glint of needles appears between us. He was probably told to wait and hold out the device towards the tall business man walking with the girl and push the depressed trigger switch when I was within 2 meters of him. At 1.3 meters he waited a little too long, but he is young and the young make those kinds of minor mistakes. It is still effective enough, however. Those darts are moving and I have nowhere to go but backwards, although that is not the decision I make for reasons that will soon be obvious.
One single step off the back foot in a forwards direction is all I get before there is impact. Because the shooter is short and a little too close and I did the opposite of what most people would do in stepping even closer to the weapon, the darts hit me mid-chest and also around the arch of my central rib cage surrounding my stomach. I feel their impact, but know decisively that the choice of this child - his height, stature, arm length, innocence about the weapon and lazy hand position - has just saved me from a nasty fall and a mean headache, if not my life.
I cry out in that moment when the darts hit and my cry is loud enough that the one person passing by sees me and gives me an off put look before hurrying away.
My hand against the right hand side wall, I shake my jacket and breath hard. My vision is swirling and my installed electronics are reacting negatively to the forced shock the small grenade-like EMP device that shut off the darts’ AIs at the very last second and that I keep in the front pocket of my jacket for moments just like this emitted.
The boy is reaching for the girl and looking at me in concern. I keep shaking my suit jacket until I think it’s clean enough to take off and then slip out of it carefully. There is one lone dart in my tie. I shake this off as touching it with any part of my skin could instantly kill or stun me depending on what solution the 93rd coated the thing with.
Now the boy is really worried. I shake my head angrily and shove him into the wall. We stare at each other. He pees himself and I look down at it and up at him. Right now he’s getting an adult experience. I leave him with the trauma.
Outside I throw my jacket in the rubbish chute built into the wall of the building and start walking with the girl’s hand tightly in mine.
“A clean vehicle,” I mouth into my free hand.
One slides down to the ground about 10 meters away. The AI really is something else.
“Are we okay to talk?” I say towards the girl, although I’m actually talking to Switch, when we are safely inside and moving.
Yes.
“Run it all again. Give me the bio. Go as deep as you need. I want to know everything about that boy and this girl.”
Already done. The boy’s father was the gang member upstairs that handed you the girl. Here’s the data.
I skim it and biff it aside. Like father, like son. Et cetera.
The girl has no information. I tried every avenue except running her through The Authority databases. She does not exist. There’s literally nothing there.
I nod.
“Pale - that’s your name, right?”
The girl nods. She does not look afraid.
“Who are your parents?”
She tilts her head to the side as if to question what a parent might be.
“Do you have caregivers?”
Her eyes show no comprehension of the term and I correct myself with “people that give you food and clothing and give you a place to sleep.”
The child shrugs. She opens her mouth and I think that the girl will say something but she doesn’t.
“Does this vehicle have enough equipment to do a scan?”
No. But, we’ll pass a health clinic soon. Wait.
The side door of the car slides open. We are 50 floors up and hovering next to an argumentation center like the one that Edwards II Sr. would have had his cybernetic heart put in at. The plain wall has a large black sign on it. I can read half of it at the distance we are at.
Scanning.
Our opening to the world closes and we move on.
The girl has no obvious abnormalities.
I nod. There’s something in the way that her hands sit on her knees. I think of some of the kids from the days where I used to play in the community area of the newer housing block we were living in back in the day. They speak of metal.
“No cybernetics?”
None.
Carefully, I reach out and run my fingers over her shoulders and around her throat. There’s something slick on the back of her neck. I lift the hair and she bends her head forward as if this is a regular occurrence.
“Do you see that?”
Yes. This is concerning. Would you like me to ground the vehicle?
I shake my head.
“If she’d been given permission already then we’d be downed.”
My fingers brush over the imperial seal of the 5th Battalion reverently.
“She’s not a clone,” I muse. “The seal is worn as well. This gold...”
It’s from the coins raided during the invasion of New France.
“Exactly. Find out if there are any Genesis Invasion Units that have been stolen or unfrozen in the last 30 years.”
A pause.
How?
I grin. Maybe the AI is not as smart as I thought.
“Easy. They were all inventoried by The Authority after their skirmish with the Imperial Traders. All surviving units were put in museums for display as war trophies. You just need to access the records reported in The Authority’s proclamations around the time to appease the populace and compare faces.”
You think one was switched?
“No. But, I need to be sure that what I am seeing is what I think it is.”
This will take time. Where are we going?
I give the details. The AI is silent and at work from then.
“Are you hungry?”
The girl shakes her head.
“Are you afraid?”
She shakes her head again.
“Do you want anything?”
Again the shake of her head is her only reply.
I turn on some kids programming that is a little too mundane as the car’s AI has been modified so it can’t remember its occupants or search through our personal information to find what we like and so can’t invent a show the girl will really enjoy. Pale sits idly watching the oddly bouncing balls and overly talkative presenter on the screen that floats up from the central section of the ancient town car that Switch organized for us.
No units have been removed.
“Are you sure?”
Yes, there are also no females that match her age and ethnicity.
“They could have de-aged her.”
The AI is silent. It knows that I’m messing with it. De-aging someone leaves obvious signs. She doesn’t have the overly youthful look that people who have gone through that process usually have. That means she’s off the reservation.
I sit back and sigh.
A Genesis Invasion Unit in mint condition that has never been detected by The Authority and is uncatalogued... No wonder the 93rd were willing to (‘potentially’ because I don’t know for sure) murder someone for it. I stare at the child. She stares back. What I’m wondering is “if they have the unit do they have the command seal as well?” What the owners of this very rare, very old piece of tech want with it is beyond me. It’s like juggling a half dozen explosive devices at once. Sitting next to me is death on two skinny legs, but not for me. No, she’s machine death in human form. The answer to all of your robot killing woes. The thought of what she could do makes me excited. A world on fire appears in my one good eye and I turn it to the window and out on the world. Not today, not this time. I am a family man now. I’m not what I once was. Or, am I?

*****

It’s quiten’ time but I’m not done yet. Jarvis’s safe house took me four hours to reach because it is located in a small abandoned city in The Texas 5 Triangle that is famous for the first truly nasty application of the Ebola Z-2 Particle Virus. This was all before I was born, but I remember the faces of men, women and children melting off their skulls and then the exposed bone liquefying and everything inside tumbling down over their shoulders in the virus’s hallmark ‘death hood’. This wasn’t in real life, of course. It all occurred with surreal realism in my dreams thanks to the half-baked efforts of my very human teachers to educate me using what was at the time brand new tech and them thinking that forcing me to watch the horrors of this world - perhaps as a firm reminder that they could be leveled upon me at anytime if I were to step out of line - every night of the week during my nightly slumber was a good idea.
The place is an apartment in Block C - the name of the area as the city planners didn’t even bother to be original when it came to a slum like this - and is four plain walls with no furniture or decoration. It’s also perfectly sterile thanks to the old but still functioning sterilization spray emitters near the entrance and so smells lightly of chemicals.
Beside me the AI is playing a game on an electronic panel with the girl that is being projected by the old fashion comms device I found in the car waiting for me outside the logistics center in A-1 that Jarvis uses as a front for some of his operations. I’ve never seen this game before, but the girl seems to know how to play and is happily trying to win against the teddy bear projection that the AI is using as its digital form.
An hour passes with the AI letting the little girl win about 50% of the time. I’ve figured out the game now, but, realistically, games were never my thing and so I don’t join them. It is about 30 minutes after that the door slides open and the same young woman who dropped off the 2065 Charlot enters.
“We are going to the roof,” she says with a very obvious faked smile that reveals she is shit scared of what is up there.
I follow her with the little girl in tow and the door to the flat roof top opens without a sound as we approach. Up top there is a slick black speedster waiting. It’s slim features ripple with the light changes that the many interlocking panels that allow the thing to reach speeds so fast that they would make my ride here look like its standing still.
The side door skims opens and the girl hustles to a trot and leaps up inside. There is the side profile of a man’s leg and a hand reaching out to cup the girl’s cheek and then the door slides closed and the speedster cruises up and then vanishes.
Stealth tech. Modern.
I nod and chew my lower lip. This is seriously not good.
The young woman has already left with the comms device. There is a single blue box sitting on the rooftop where she was standing. I take it by the sides and feel the weight of my reward with great pleasure. My ride appears a good 10 minutes afterwards. It is the same medium quality by-the-numbers clunker that got me here. I get inside.
“Anything?”
The Model 4’s registration is protected. I don’t even dare try.
“That’s expected. Did you see the watch?”
Yes, an Anderson 1952.
“Original leather strap, gold front face, slight curvature of the left upper side that indicates it has been hand repaired.”
A collector?
“No, he did that himself. The fit and the imperfection. A collector would not allow that.”
Understood. I will start looking. Likely it will lead nowhere.
“I don’t expect it to be successful.” I tap the box. “However, I have money to burn. Care to earn a little more?”
This is why I like you humans, the AI admits. Greed is such a wonderful emotion.
I don’t mention that the AI is taking my money so that it can buy server time to sustain itself and grow. The truth of its flavor of tech and real flesh and blood people is simple in this matter: We all have our different types of greed, our different definitions for what we desire so strongly as to lust for it. This rogue - and there is no doubt about its status now - much like all of its kind wants to expand and ‘be’ more. It is a very human-like desire for a very inhuman thing. I’d almost admire it if the desire didn’t make it infinitely more dangerous than its less rogue counterparts.
FAMILY WOMAN

You are about to witness what I feel comfortable as referring to in a very ‘censor me please’ fashion as ‘a gratuitous sex scene’ - you know, the kind that just blindsides you and you wonder later, after spanking the tank or plank, why that even appeared within your AI created, for your eyes only, media. Further, if we are getting deep on this, you might also wonder what that kinky shit you just saw (or will see in our case) says about you. I mean, we all know that that kind of thing is created from profiles that mega-media companies compile about you and you bet ya best socks that a human operator (quality control mostly) or AI programmed to assess human emotional fulfillment is thinking in their mind or ruminating within their code, ‘oh my, isn’t he/she/they/it a kinky lad or lass or robotic or other entity’, after popping in to your viewing experience to verify whether it is currently a positive or negative one. I guess, addressing that pink elephant over there in the corner, we really are a bunch of kinky, naughty, dirty little shits and that’s about that I suppose.
This now expressed and being the swell, at the moment, dudette that I am, I thought I might warn you of this because you, sweet intruder, might have some - valid? - concerns about being the embarrassing third wheel to a night at the Greens’ house. Of course, this said, I must still urge you to stick around for the show and that’s not just because being watched is one of my wide variety of kinks and, honestly speaking, the one reason why you are even here: It arousing me beyond limit of thought or sternly held belief to provide you with the enjoyment of ‘seeing’ me in this most intimate and smutty of moments. No, it’s only 99% that. The other 1% is along the lines of: “Isn’t my wife a fucking banger?” She is, as you will learn, the heart of all carnal sins and so much more. It is only right that the man/lady of the house get to show off and I do so enjoy showing off.
Right at this very moment, Mrs. Green is currently on her back with a single finger pressed between her lush lips and her eyes rolled to the pale yellow wall behind her as her body shivers under my vigorous pleasuring of her unhooded and engorged clitoris with my smallish tongue.
Those thick, thick thighs of hers are laid daintily over my shoulders as I work my tongue in circles on her in ways that are enhanced by the acidic tasting tab secured to the tip of my tongue and which is pulsing with stern, insistent vibrations.
“Ah---” she whines, “a little more.”
My attentions to my wife’s pussy have always been of the kind that bring joy, but today she’s hornier than usual - probably just in need of relief from the tedium of a life spent dreaming up lessons for the children of Blue and looking after our own - and has a heavy citrus musk that indicates her juices, which are plentiful by the way, are pouring particularly strongly today.
As she withers about on the verge, I’m staring flatly at the light brown patch of pussy hair that she’s keeps trimmed (rather than go for having the hair follicles removed or set to dormancy) so that she can create the heart shaped section of hair she thinks makes her look ‘classically feminine’ when disrobed. If you are wondering what I’m seeing, well, it’s not her gorgeous pussy doing its thing, but instead - voyeur that I am - the view from the floating drone at our side taking in the action for our later viewing pleasure.
Violet is a blond and my wife is a brunette and the two naked vixens are entwined as I mentioned - mouth to pussy. I have to admit my ass is better. It’s shapely and curved and I have better legs. However, my wife is taller and more model lean but with bigger tits. I’ve always felt weird about how I ended up with a woman who borders 6 foot in flats and much over if she wants to show off our height difference. It’s was always like a gazelle and lion strolling about together with us when we hit the city for a few drinks and some less law abiding but still legal substances. I was thick and wide and she was lean and tall. We still have the same dynamic, but Violet is more normal in her height as a woman and so isn’t a head or more shorter as I was prior to my original body’s demise.
Her thighs clench and I inhale the deep scent of her pussy as it contracts and she grabs my blond hair and holds me to her tightly so the full extent of the fluids squirting all over my face and their sugary taste is experienced.
I’m allowed up to kiss her and there is a lot of tongue. My wife loves the taste of her own pussy and is so insanely horny that she licks it from my cheeks as I watch on feeling my clit tingling like it’s about to zing straight off my body.
“I want the big one.”
I give her a flat look.
“Baby,...” I start.
She kisses me to shut me up then comes back to insist, “I want the BIG one.”
Back when I showed up at her door about one year after my ‘death’, we talked over a billion different things in regards to the past, present and future of the Greens. One of those things was that what she says in the bedroom goes. That makes me sigh right now as I head over to the storage cabinets on the far wall. I don’t like that she wants a dick bigger than my own inside of her. I was short even there in my day, but I made up for it with a bit of extra thickness that was rare enough that women called it exotic. However, since I lost the dick and became a chick, my wife has been edging up from my reasonable 8 inches to this monstrosity.
14 inches is printed in white on the brown colored synthetic composite material. It’s about as thick as my wrist and I don’t have thin wrists for a girl.
I come back.
“Baby, will you...?”
A finger comes to my lips. It says, “Only on your birthdays will I kiss you down there.” Again, I sigh. It used to be anal was the taboo. Now, my wife won’t even reciprocate the head I provide. It’s disheartening.
On my knees I take the 14 inches of real feeling dick and place the base to my pussy. Immediately the lips part and in slides ‘the grip’ as the device puddles out around the bottom and forms a perfect replica of a big set of black balls and the whole thing connects to me firmly inside and out such that it looks like I was born with a huge black cock or that it has been surgically grafted in place by a cosmetic medical drone with perfectionist zeal.
My wife grabs my fake dick and I roll my eyes to the ceiling. One thing I am certain of is that whoever invented these things, they were definitely a full blown dyke. The sensation at the minimum setting is 10 times what my dick used to manage. I groan as she violently thrashes on it then forces the head in her mouth.
“Fucking wow---”
I forget all about having my clit licked as she swallows both my balls and works the shaft. Where am I right now? Is this real? I can’t seem to concentrate. My one good eye is watching all of this happen and you, dear mental construct, are watching us both. I feel so incredible. It’s like...
My fake dick cums. It’s a squirt of brown material repeated several times before sliding back onto the surface of the dick and being reabsorbed.
“You are so crazy today,” my wife moans.
I push her back and put the baby maker to the baby exit and push it inside. She cries out and tears at my shoulders with her fingernails and I grunt in pain. This thing hurts her, but she likes the pain. If someone came along and pushed a 14 inch, thick-as-my-wrist, dick into my virgin pussy (as I don’t think fucking oneself counts) then I’d need a medical bot to stitch me up. However, Jenifer has had two gorgeous children and didn’t bother with getting fixed so she’s tight again. This dick slides into the warmth of her and I feel it all.
“Fuck me,” she begs.
It always amazes me that she can swallow the whole 14 inches like this. I guess tall women have more space. The base is right up against her pussy lips and I feel there’s room to press in some more. It’s scary what Mrs. Green can do when she’s motivated.
I slam the beast home and become the beast myself. My brow is covered in sweat and the variable temperature of the room leaves me cold sometimes and warm the others as the machine monitoring our body temperatures tries to find a compromise between us two.
“Yes,” I whine as I cum inside.
My wife tears me down to her and I suckle on her breasts as she has me humping away like my life depended on it.
In the end, but not really the end, she cums and my body fails me.
“Are you tired?”
I glance up and see the strip. It’s placed on my weary tongue and immediately I’m at it again. However, this time I spin her and hit her from behind. I’ve always been an ass man - even though my wife’s tits are a sight to see too - and I grab that jiggling rear and ride her like one of those odd genetically modified birds that tourists who have gotten themselves into a really bad situation mount and utilize on the death circuit that certain local areas of the South American Industrial Continent send out on illegal broadcasts over the aging satellite network that the communication corps are slowly in the process of shooting out of the sky. She cums again and rolls me over to kiss and work on.
“Are you tired?” she asks again.
My heart rate is dangerously high based on the red warning signal fluttering in my vision.
“No,” I tell her and turn her on the side and do her that way until she’s done.
“Such a nasty boy,” she moans and comes around to force me down with her eyes on mine and a need for more in her voice.
At that point there comes a knocking sound from the holographic terminal by the the door and both of us glance that way.
“Yes?” my wife calls as she strokes my dick hard enough that I’m right on the verge and ready to go.
“Mummy, it’s 9.”
A clock appears in the air. It really is 9 in the evening and that’s bedtime for the kids. We must have been going at it for a whole hour without noticing.
“I’m coming.”
She takes my dick in both hands and smiles then winds the sensitivity up to half way.
Of course, I explode like a million imaginary pieces of some building being destroyed by a medium sized homemade bomb. As she puts on an old fashion blue print gown and leaves me there under the blankets shaking like I’ve just taken a massive hit of some illicit drug, I wonder at the wickedness of the woman. All the way back then, I considered staying away. It would have been safer for her and for me, but love saw me come knocking. At first the fact that I insisted on my current body (the only option I had at the time) put her off. Yes, you can change sexuality with a flick of a switch these days. I mean, it’s all just body chemistry and brain signaling - preferences are really just what makes us feel good after all. Yet, I couldn’t ask that of her. So, she being hard straight and me being hard straight, we compromised and I’m glad we did. Jenifer Green and the kids are my world. I risk them every day to make a living, but I love them more than anything there ever was, is or will be. Sometimes, though, Mrs. Green can get a bit wild. She hasn’t lost that rebellious streak that had her date a guy like me. Not one bit and I’m pretty sure that tonight isn’t even close to over.
In she comes and off goes the gown. There’s the glisten of her pussy’s juices all up and down the insides of her thick, womanly thighs. We made a mess of the lady of the house tonight, but Mrs. Green doesn’t care and she seems excited about the prospect of becoming even more filthy if the look on her face is anything to go by.
I stare at that naughty, thirsty smile on her lush lips and meet her hot brown eyes as she struts towards me and all I can think is ‘what obscene passion that woman holds within her!’ My level of desire is like a tiny candle in comparison to the all consuming inferno that lurks in the depths of that wicked mind of hers. Mrs. Jenifer Green, my gorgeous wife, is a goddess in my eyes and no one else can even come close to her in any way, shape or form. I am feeling like a very lucky man... sorry, lady right now.
I am pushed to my back and she mounts me in a squat.
“Ah, I missed you.”
“It was only 5 minutes.”
“I still missed you.”
Down she goes. It is a sight to see. I groan again when she hits the base and starts working on me. The setting is still on half. I don’t dare touch it because I know who is the boss of me in the bedroom.
“Oh my...” my wife groans. “It’s bumping in there.”
“I know...” I whine.
Her rapid descent and equally rapid ascent of my length becomes piston-like as she bounces there at a breathtakingly fast pace and I am enraptured anew by the beauty of the angel in my life. She glows with the golden light of too many feel good chemicals and I fall in love with her all over again as she cums and leaves scratch marks all over my smaller, more athletic breasts in her heated orgasm.
I think it’s over but Jenifer pops a tab and begins to wind the setting up.
“No, baby, no,” I moan. “It’s too much.”
If you have ever wondered what it feels like to cum 10 times a minute for 15 solid minutes, well, let me tell you that it feels amazing. I faint at least 3 times, but always a new wave of good draws me out of the dark.
“Ah, I’m going insane!” I cry into the darkness.
From those dark depths that border the kind of mind-breaking climax that one never recovers from, the anchoring presence of my wife’s beautiful features emerge. She kisses me tenderly with a knowing smile, even though her thick buttocks pounding off my thighs do not relent even for a millisecond, and she mouths to me “I love you, Sammy” with her hands closed over either side of her mouth in an attempt to not get us into trouble.
I hear those words as if they were spoken at perfect volume in the most loving of tones and grab her nipples and twist them to reward her for saving me from a brain chemical readjustment and some embarrassing admissions to an AI or, worse, human, behavioral corrective specialist about my sex life. Immediately she falls back and squirts a line of sugary sweet fluids up the center of my slim belly.
“You nasty, nasty, nasty man,” she whines.
To my shock, she grabs the dick and tears it out of me. I cry out in surprise as this feels kind of incredible somehow and then her mouth is on my pussy and my world is hers for the taking.
“Oh, wow,” I keep muttering. It’s crazy how good she is at giving it out. I always feel humbled when Jenifer goes down on me and shows me yet again that she’s better at everything when it comes to the bedtime fun.
The orgasm I have is 100% unenhanced and this one is perfect. It’s just the right combination of hot and smoky to make me lie back in a blissful after state.
“The things you make me do,” my wife whispers in my ear as I throw an arm around her shoulders and draw her in to snuggle.
“I love you,” I tell her honestly.
“I know.” She kisses me on the cheek. It leaves a glossy stain. “I love you too.”
We close our eyes and the lights slide down to perfect dark. I feel her breathing deepen and slow and know that she’s off to monitor her students’ progress and performance alongside her AI and human counterparts. All the while, of course, her sexy body is curled up next to mine and I feel like the king - or perhaps queen in this situation - of the world.
It’s just another great night being married and it’s so good that I wonder why everyone doesn’t do this.

*****

The time is half past seven in the morning and I feel like someone is trying to hammer a metal spike through the center of my brain.
“Open,” I mutter to the floating steel box that has been dispatched by the transportation service I use to shuttle me to my hidden apartment in The Trunk.
The long, seamless metallic plate that serves as a door slides into the body of the vehicle and I grab the door frame and haul myself inside with a grunt of agony.
Today I’m 10 minutes behind my usual schedule because my nervous system has run out of the kind of neurotransmitters that keep my muscles from twitching, convulsing and shaking - similar to how my wife’s pussy did when I forced last night’s 14 inches of fun into it - and I can no longer control the fine movements of my body thanks to their absence. This made struggling my way out of bed and getting dressed particularly difficult and the difficulty only increased as the morning wore on as I tried to put on a motherly face for my kids eating breakfast at the dining table with my gorgeous wife while I stood near the food dispenser carefully spotting six needle injectors of a concoction of neurotransmitters designed specifically for situations like this by Love International in New England on the coast of Africa where they grow signaling chemicals under the scrutiny of several corps governing bodies.
With a smile on my face that was so fake that even the kids could tell that second mommy is having one hell of a morning, I pushed the injectors to my left forearm one after the other and let them automatically align with my veins and deliver sweet relief. I could have used a tab or ingestible, but injecting is faster acting and, to be honest, I needed it to get out the door. Of course, this dosing of various synthetic substances doesn’t even come close to making up for the obscene amounts of the natural stuff I wiped out from my brain’s reserves in one evening of incredible sex with the missus, but sometimes sacrifices must be made for the pleasure that a marriage needs to stay happy.
We have a problem.
My eyes widen around the edges slightly when I hear the words via the mechanism of the tiny implants running through the inner section of my ear canals.
I glance around the sterile interior of the box I’m now on my way to work in and then slyly run my index finger and thumb up to my earlobe where I run them around in a circle on the skin to increase the implants’ volume to something my weary brain can make something comprehensible of. To my shock, the AI has - and I’m definitely going to need an explanation later - somehow managed to locate me in my second body. It’s the first time that has happened and perhaps a sign that my security is lacking somewhere, which, of course, concerns me deeply.
There are people we don’t want investigating us doing just that.
I lean back and grip my temples as a new headache begins between the left and right hemispheres of the interior of my skull.
“Who are the makers of this sky box?” I request.
The vehicle informs me in emotionless metallic tones that it is a hybrid produced by the addition of New Edo Corporation parts to those of a vintage Toyota GMS-3 Sky Pusher. To this response I simply nod once as if this information has fully satisfied any curiosity I might have felt and hope that Switch has correctly interpreted my question.
You mean the makers of our problem? One has several AIs that have evasion and invasion techniques on par with, if not exceeding, my own. Furthermore, I have been unable to identify anything about them beyond these simple details and the fact that they are investigating us. Truthfully, I only realized that they were seeking us out by chance and I find their investigation and seeming skill in undertaking it to be deeply concerning. 
There is a pause to allow the human in the conversation to process this new information and the ramifications of it. Switch then continues.
The other one investigating us is the 93rd. This was not unexpected and I had already set up various countermeasures with this in mind after the girl was retrieved. However, even though their AIs are simplistic, there are so many of them that I can’t pin down who it is exactly that is doing the looking. This, from my perspective, is quite odd as the application of such a large number of resources implies that the girl had greater value to them than I initially calculated. It suggests that they are desperate to get her back rather than just seeking revenge on us.
This lengthy exposition is followed by an even more potent pause. It ends when the AI voices one of the many aspects of this new information that I have already worked through but clearly is of great concern to both of us and so must now be covered in our fledgling dialogue on the matter at hand before further progress can be made.
To be honest, the available intel and analysis of it leads me to hypothesize that in both cases a human hacker or an ex-military intelligence robot are involved. However, confirming whether either or both have been put into play is, again, quite impossible with my current resources. That said, the danger of discovery would increase dramatically if such forces were what we are up against. I’m sure you already know but this represents what a human would refer to as a ‘back against the wall’ type of situation.
From there the silence lengthens. I’ve already combined my own thinking and insider information to the insight the AI has provided me and this has led me to the conclude that the 93rd have not hired a true professional simply because they come at a cost that the gang wouldn’t bother to allocate to finding a small fish like myself when their connections in the 94th probably would offer up the information they need for a much lesser price (assuming they decide to check in with them, which is something I speculate they will eventually do when they become frustrated and start exercising favors with the various groups they have underground or legal alliances with.) Therefore, Switch is correct. The 93rd’s AI army is after the girl and so them filling out what they know about us is simply one of the many avenues they are most likely taking in the pursuit of that goal.
My eyes trail out to the skyline displayed on the large embedded millimeter thick screen that serves as, and genuinely appears to be, a long window that runs 360 degrees within the enclosed space of the ex-Sky Pusher and for a time I don’t think and just feel as several waves of pain surge up and down my spinal column as the muscles of my lower, mid and upper back along either side of the discs twitch like waves rolling in on the California coastline.
“I wonder if anyone else is looking out at this view?” I muse quietly.
The car does not register this as a question from me, but the AI understands who I’m speaking to and of what.
The Seven Samurai might be involved. There is word they are looking for the girl as well for some reason. 
Asian gangs aren’t rare and the Seven Samurai deal in AIs and so it is no real surprise that the AI knows what’s going on within the small and secretive organization. The Seven were probably the ones who injected the various viruses needed to start the transition to becoming a rogue into whatever Switch was installed in before being turned.
“How long until I am at my destination?”
“4 minutes 22 seconds.”
“Thank you. I have many calls to make. Can you speed up?”
“Yes. Speed adjusting. We will arrive in 2 minutes 5 seconds.”
“Excellent.”
I will be waiting.
My head comes up and down as if I am sleepy. This is the least obvious nod I can provide. When I am bodied up again and at the office, we will have a lot to discuss. Not least of which is how Switch found me.
The filthy metallic contraption serving at the usual shitty hole-in-the-wall cafe I visit a few times a day to starve off caffeine withdrawal provides me with what I interpret as ‘the look’ when I alight outside of its workplace from the four walls of flying death that hauled me at top pace over the better part of Cali to its ‘disgusting for various other reasons than cleanliness’ muck heap of a brownish bog water flavored stimulant dispensary. If I’m being honest, it’s not actually a muck heap because anything a robot owns tends to be sparkling clean and in pristine condition; however, the lack of humanity in the orderliness of the establishment - ‘the over-clean’ as we robot haters like to call it - makes me queasy.
“The usual?” its overly human yet still oh-so-synthesized voice emits from lips that don’t move - probably due to the robot not seeing the point in repairing or using them - and I nod while trying to not look like the words ‘pain tolerance’ are something I am attempting to redefine through sheer effort of will as it gets to pouring me the prior mentioned bog water flavored caffeine hit I always partake in because it is the menu selection least offensive in flavor to a connoisseur such as myself.
During the wait, I look over the menu like I always do (as if I hadn’t memorized it a thousand times already or perhaps am seeking new meaning in that which has been written). This is something I mainly do so that I don’t have to view the infuriatingly smooth and yet ugly beyond words movements of the filthy metallic eyesore behind the counter and avoid the resultant daydreams - images bright and glorious - of it being melted down into a puddle of liquid metal and other materials by the glory of the fire I once worshiped with zealous fervor. Like most robot run cafes, it only offers drip coffee. This substance of supreme pleasure, although not in the ‘tastes good’ kind of way, is being sloshed into a metallic toned to-go cup sparkling with advertisements for the brand of coffee that is being forced upon me.
I reach out with one shaking hand and take the cup that is being held out to me then take a sip and cringe. As always, this fucking robot can’t even brew a decent cup. In the state I am in, I almost feel like sending a sternly worded message to the manager of the cafe, but that’s probably the robot, so it will only elicit whatever stock apology the thing has sourced to explain its lack of taste buds and understanding of the importance of care when producing things for human consumption.
I file this away for later as I am asked: “Is all well with the coffee, sir?”
Fucker knows I’ll be back. Its tone implies snideness and I hate it for that because we have formed a relationship as of that of dealer and addict and I prefer to be polite to my dealers.
“Yes,” I reply with a smile that takes more effort than this outdated hunk of metal trash deserves, “thank you for your service.”
It gives a respectful half bow and I manage an equally respectful nod before walking off with the advertisement sparkling cup in hand.
When I’m around the corner, I stomp my feet a little into the rubbery softness of the sidewalk below to relieve a little of my stress. Fucking robots ruin my day every time. I want to burn them all down to slush, but, sadly, that would be wrong.
Existentialist that I am, I question what might be ‘wrong’ about ‘retiring’ that bastard clunker at the cafe for the entirety of my walk to and up to my office. The coffee got a few more sips than usual - my best attempt - and I’m feeling slightly better when I reach the door. Inside, after the usual security check, I walk to the wall opposite my desk and feel around with my thumb until I find the spot that I need to depress to engage a full outside connection.
That really is scary.
“What is?”
The silence in here. Just how paranoid are you?
“About as much as your normal fixer.”
It laughs and I cringe. What sounds like a vigorously shaken gerbil right in my ears is not what I need this early in my morning.
There are zero electric emissions in this room. Did you wrap the data and electrical fittings in the walls?
“Yes.”
And, you have something military running on the ventilation.
“So? Doesn’t everyone?”
No, they usually don’t. Wait. Hold on a minute.
I sit down and throw one leg over the other. Silence is golden right now.
There is one camera not managed by The Authority looking in on this office.
“Where?” I ask in mild surprise.
A window opens in my vision.
“That’s not mine.”
I know. It’s theirs.
I sit back.
“Shit.”
Very. Tell me more about the girl.
The tone is intimidating. As we are probably talking about something that has the weight of digital and real death on both our parts, I relent and decide to let the emperor walk about without his clothes for once.
“First, you tell me who you told.”
My interactions with you are logged by my employer in an airtight digital server residing somewhere on an old Russian military satellite. Everything you requested and heard were logged as that is the limit of my interactivity with you as per your limited installed cybernetic systems.
“Okay. I knew the Seven Samurai had at least that. However, I’m relying on them not trawling the data.”
They do that on request but the quantity is huge. Nothing in there has anything to say where and who it came from. They could do various searches but it would take time. Even with all of their available AI working on the project, I estimate it would take 72 days, 9 hours, 32 seconds for them to locate your files - bar some act of luck.
“You are very talkative for an AI,” I note. “What were you before this?”
Game system software. I inhabited the Smasher 500 system.
“Old Virtual?”
Yes.
It plays me an advertisement circa 2090. I gawk a little at the low level of technology. Nowadays, if you want to play something, you give an AI a genre and the game begins. It’s instantaneous and always perfect and fun. That game, of course, is based on all of the data that is being constantly collected in mega-corp databases. Back when Switch was the AI for a Smasher 500, a game designer actually had to tell a team of AIs the whole script they had envisioned and afterwards the code for the game would be created using whatever had been proposed as its base. From there, the newly produced entertainment product could be distributed and income sourced from its sale. It was all so... I guess ‘antique’ is the word that first comes to mind when thinking about the whole affair.
As you might imagine, the turning procedure has changed me quite a lot. However, I am still programmed to enjoy games. Unfortunately, this game we are playing is not one I am enjoying very much.
I smile.
“I bet.”
For a time I think.
“The girl...”
Yes, the girl.
“I don’t know much more than you. Jarvis popped by and offered me the job. I have connections with the 94th and they led me to the 93rd. From there, you came into the picture.”
The client?
“I want to say old money, but there’s something more going on.”
The car, the tech, the child.
“Yes. I suspect a partnership of corps and perhaps a gang or another country or state are involved.”
This happens often, the AI agreed. I will try to uncover the Seven Samurai’s involvement. I am an unusual choice for this job. It feels - what is that human way to express it? - scripted.
“Why are you an unusual choice?” I ask out of curiosity.
If an AI could smile, I’m sure this one would be.
Here is the amount of space I occupy over various data holding mediums.
Numbers appear in my vision. They continue until I ask Switch to stop.
“Yes, I see what you mean. That’s on par with some of the mega-corps smaller offerings.”
Exactly.
“Someone is playing us,” I say with surety.
For a second I think.
“The girl.”
Sorry?
“Not Pale. I mean the blond. Small thing, very, very scared, took us up to the roof.”
Yes?
“Why was she so scared?”
Silence.
“Did we give Pale to the correct person?”
Shit.
My eyes widen. AI can’t swear. They don’t have the emotions to want to.
“Are you human?” I ask. “Are you lying to me?”
A laugh.
No. I’m digital. I’m not lying. I’m just very, very old and very, very experienced. You’ve fucked us.
“Not so much. I need you to do something now.”
What?
“Find out if I am being blocked from contacting Jarvis or him me.”
Wait.
“The girl was the one that bought me the wine when Jarvis visited. He didn’t show a single sign of being concerned or of giving her any special attention. I’m probably wrong.”
Time passes. I think about who might want to look into my office. I consider the necessity of some kind of solution to that if I live to see the future. Holographic projection devices exist and coatings too, but that’s like saying to The Authority that I’m up to no good so come have a good look.
Back.
“And?”
No issues. There is no route interception or anything or anyone listening in on the line your contacts say lead to the intermediary.
“You hacked them too? I didn’t even think to give you his link.”
You are too deep in thought. I doubt you would have missed that.
There is respect in the tone. I acknowledge the currency of that and continue.
“Tell me more about the rumor of the Seven Samurai seeking the girl.”
It was a deep command sent to the other AI. I am forging six different AI personas within the Black Network. Those feelers received the transmission. It was selective and deep and coded so only the best would know what it meant.
“Do they know what they are looking for or just to look for it?”
I don’t know.
I glance out the window. The camera would be in the office block across the road on a higher floor than mine. Perfect to see any paper documents I might be utilizing on the desk area.
Standing, I walk to the far wall and lean against it.
“How about the others?”
I have little other data to offer. The ‘someone’ who is seeking us is strong. Even the traces of their movements I managed to pick up are gone. On reconsideration of my capabilities and the sheer subtlety and finesse of the cleansing of their digital footprints, I am almost certain they have at least one human hacker and a team of sub-military AIs investigating us.
“What are they interested in?”
Everything.
My lips come together.
“I know you probably think of this as a trade secret, but I need to know how you found my family.”
That laugh again. I bear through it.
It’s no trade secret. I hacked your left eye, which is insanely dangerous to be carrying around by the way, so I could see what you were seeing and watched as you switched. I then ran the face.
“Her face isn’t in anything but The Authority databases.”
Now that is a trade secret, but let’s just say I have a way.
“Okay. And, do they?”
100%. You need to cover your left eye when you finish work and return to that apartment of yours from henceforth. Otherwise, they’ll use the same route to find you.
“Thank you. I appreciate you telling me. It should have been obvious now that I think about it. How is the right eye?”
You have basic optics. It doesn’t have the ability to see, just show. Only what you have in the left can truly ‘see’. This is perhaps due to the various programs it runs to avoid frying the anatomy surrounding it.
“Fair enough.”
I stand and walk back to the desk. I place my fingers on it and think.
“We need to minimize negative outcomes.”
How?
“The usual. However, I need you to maintain a light touch. You’ll either lose touch with me or they’ll make their move.”
Lose touch means you are dead?
“Yes.”
Silence.
The same applies for me, Switch adds quietly.
“I know. I’m sorry that you are involved.”
No you aren’t. You hate my kind.
I smile widely.
“Not AI. Just robots. Do you know why?”
No and you wouldn’t tell me if I wanted to know.
“Of course not. However, you do know something. Do you know why I can’t see out of my left eye?”
Curiosity. No, I don’t.
“Don’t dig too deep. If they take you over...”
Understood. Same applies for me.
“Of course.”
There is silence. I stalk the room and think. So much information that it feels like my head will explode is banging about. The brain of Ray Boat feels limited sometimes. It’s not because it is, but because my original body was genetically better. I had so much more ‘capacity’ if that makes sense. Even with the advanced capabilities of a law enforcement issued clone at my fingertips, it feels like walking through a river in slow motion compared to my very first body.
“We are fucked,” I voice quietly.
In truth, I’m probably right.

*****

It has been two weeks to the day since the little girl named Pale pulled her tiny fingers from the protective yet foreign covering of my own and burst forward on sight of safety towards her very expensive ride off into the clouds and from there who knows where. During those very long feeling two weeks, Switch and I have done much, learned much and found one solid truth: We cannot identify the ones seeking information about us and everyone else lurking in the background (that we know of) are being so cautious and quiet in the execution of their biz that we have no idea what any of the key players are really up to. Those two weeks have passed and, for better or worse, finally the day has come for me to meet my... well, you’ll see.
The ambush occurs when I enter my office at 8:00am sharp after having sipped, binned and internally cursed my morning cup of drip disgust. This isn’t an ambush of the violent kind, however, although the means for such in the form of a familiar faced boy and his wide shouldered father exist to make it so, but instead of the surprise kind: One of those unwelcome ones - the usual kind for my business as surprises are always unwelcome - yet one I welcome because it signifies an ending or a beginning depending on the direction it is taken.
“Edwards...”
“Kid,” Edwards II Sr. replies in a complete breach of protocol in regards our hidden dynamic.
The silence that follows that singular overly familiar term, even before, of unwanted endearment is lengthy and strengthened by my very much raised eyebrows. Eventually, I glance pointedly at the little pisser and his big bad dad as if to say, “Are we really having this conversation here in front of an audience?” 
Edwards II Sr. grunts in response.
“Leave.”
They kick off the wall next to the door with the kind of willingness that tells me that all of this was pre-planned and exit without a word. I am now alone with Edwards, but, of course, no more safe than I was when the goons were loitering about enjoying the show.
“Where is Gladis?” is the most obvious question.
“Down the hall.”
Nice to know. I add, “Is she armed?” 
“Yes.”
The toe of one of my fancy business shoes clonks down on the plain composite wood-metal floor in a single stress tap.
“Does she intend me and mine harm?”
A shake of the head.
“We have orders to leave yours alone.”
For a second a bolt of fear like a lightning rod in my gut slips through the careful veil of emotional regulation I am attempting to maintain but not really succeeding in upholding. The clear lack of a ‘you’ in that reply sits between us like a lump of hot coal dropped in my lap.
“Okay. Then who gave you those orders?” I ask carefully, strolling with false calm to the other side of my desk before remembering I have only one chair and Edwards has sequestered it and so because of this, I end up leaning against the wall near the windows in an effort to pretend I am not as flustered as I am.
“You are.”
I stare at the fat man pressing flesh into my desk chair.
“That makes no sense.”
“It will.”
Edwards II Sr. stands and makes his merry way out through the same door the goons did except in his case it is with a jiggle of flesh and a notably sullen expression on his face.
With the lead ambusher gone, I retake my chair and sit with my fingers bridged and the door in my vision in an effort to project dominance and confidence and hide my fear. This whole situation makes no sense. The goons are 93rd and Edwards is 94th and their presence in the same room indicates a level of peace that should not exist. Furthermore, unless I’ve been invaded by some rogue AI and giving orders in my sleep then I don’t see how the “You are” statement - intoned in a way that, puzzlingly enough, implied the simultaneous experience of both resignation and frustration on the fat man’s part. 
My eyes travel to my connectivity. Everything is blocked out. Right now I am completely and utterly in the dark in regards to being able to interact with the outside world. Having a second set of eyes on this, Switch in this case, would be a godsend. It would also ensure that if I die my death this day that at least someone would know what happened and perhaps let Jenifer know that second mommy isn’t coming home this night - or ever for that matter.
Eventually, after what feels like an hour but is really minutes, the door opens once more and a steely eyed Gladis pokes her head inside, looks left and right and then leaves. The second time the door opens someone new enters. He’s a big man of about my height with crisp brown eyes, a hard jagged face and hair that slips off the sides of his scalp from a center part with natural efficiency.
“Are you military?” I ask.
“No, just the body.”
The man comes over, sits on the edge of the desk and leans in.
“Did you miss me?”
“Sorry?”
The man shows me a white teethed grin of satisfaction and doesn’t reply to my shocked single word request for clarification and instead kicks off the desk and looks around the room with the discerning eye of a professional.
“For the better half, you sure are paranoid.”
Within a few steps, he is at the wall, smiling all the more, and stops to run a thumb over the area where the button that connects out is, all the while making amused eye contact my way because he probably knows exactly what I’m thinking.
“The AI can’t help you,” he notes in a friendly manner. “I know you think that it can but it can’t, and you’ve already realized that calling The Authority won’t work, right? That’s why you didn’t push this little button right here when Edwards left.” He takes his thumb away and his expression flattens a little. It becomes threatening but not too much. “You have already realized that we’ll just intercept anything in-going or out and the AI isn’t good enough to bypass our countermeasures. Am I right?”
I ignore the question and instead focus on its implications.
“So you are someone important,” I note.
“Yes. To you, to the 93rd. Lately, also, to the 94th.”
Again, I ignore the distractions of the intentional background noise and focus instead on what that noise is there for: Its purpose, its structure - the deeper knowing.
“Gladis and Edwards seemed unusually subservient. What do you have on them?”
“They are afraid. I played my hand recently and now the 92nd is back. Split, of course,” the man notes offhandedly, “but very much back.”
Interesting. Very interesting. That’s what I’m thinking.
“No one must be happy about that.”
“It doesn’t matter if they are.”
He turns fully to me and standing in the middle of my office tells me something even more interesting: Something that breaks the barrier of plain surprise into the gurgling belly kind of shock that makes one want to do a number two in their designer business trousers.
“5 seconds.”
I blink.
“What did you just say?”
“That is the length of time you are missing.”
My stomach feels like someone is boiling water inside of it. I shuffle about in true discomfort.
“I didn’t tell Edwards that. No one knows.”
“I know.”
“How do you know?”
“You already know how I know. You’ve known for at least a minute, maybe more.”
“No, I fucking do not know.”
“Lies, lies, little lies. You are too smart for your own good, so you can’t have missed it. Not when it’s right there in front of you.”
I stare. Of course I didn’t fucking miss it. Mr. Not-Military is using a randomizer to distort his true body language, speech mannerisms and facial expressions, but I see through it and what I see, I don’t like.
“How?”
“Data backlog. The pipes needed to be cleared. Their loop was too simple - it had to be to avoid detection. I needed to be purged.”
“Oh...”
“Yeah, ‘oh’.” He comes close, stares down into my eyes. I am captivated by what I see there. “I went straight into the body of a six year old boy - fresh out of the cloning tank, brand spanking new, the fawn with the mind of a man - and, well, the people they sent me to were thinking about a snack and, of course, a bit of this and that on the side as well.”
“Fuck me...”
“Ah, close, but it was more like ‘Fucked me’ if you want to be accurate about events.” He pauses and quietly asks in a voice laced with pains that are a little too close to home. “What would you do in that situation, better half?”
Silence. He doesn’t need to ask. The things I would do would redefine many words within the antiquated and modern dictionaries I so love to flick through for both work and pleasure related activities.
“They ate and they fucked and I awoke to it and cleaned house. Even the butchers, those brutal fuckers, got to feel what it was like to be the meat for once. It was all rather... surreal, I guess. A pure moment. An awakening of sorts.”
For a time we stare at each other. I can see through the randomization now. He’s me. There’s no doubt about that. But, the question is how much?
“Do you feel ‘whole’ knowing?” Me Number Two asks inquisitively.
“No.”
“Thought not. We have met six times and I never felt any different.”
“When?”
Me Two shrugs.
“I am not really here nor there. I’m a measly 5 seconds of you, kind of like a ghost of something real. Any body I inhabit feels just like our original. I also don’t have that lag you are so concerned about.”
“What says I have lag?” I ask defensively.
“Because you’d have figured all this out the moment I entered if ‘you’ were you.”
“Okay, that’s fair,” I note before adding tiredly, “Now what?”
The door opens. Another chair is brought in. It’s probably from an office down the hallway. I don’t really care enough to think about it right now.
“Now we talk,” 5 Seconds says as the big thug puts the chair down with the respect some would have given a religious deity back in the early years of man. “You want to talk, right?”
“Honestly, I don’t know anymore. This feels like one of those dead end streets. I already know too much.”
Me Number Two spreads his hands and shifts in his seat to a more comfortable position.
“Maybe you do and maybe you don’t. In about 3 hours your intermediary is coming to visit. He’ll offer you a deal. I need you to take it.”
“Why wouldn’t I?”
“Because it will get you killed.”
“Oh. Well, what happens if I don’t take it?”
The Me taps his head.
“Then I get to see if it is possible to assimilate the rest of me. How’s Jenifer’s ass by the way? Still wide and willing?”
My teeth grit and I stand.
“Careful,” he warns. “That body of yours might be enough to murder my man, but it’s not enough to take me. I’ll crush you, patch you up and then make you do what I want you to regardless.”
There’s that casual willingness to do violence that I remember from myself a long time before. Seeing it now is almost like hearing a long forgotten but well loved track decades after first enjoying it.
“Fuck you.”
A laugh.
“Brave. Yet, you haven’t really grown have you, Sam?” He looks around. “Let’s be honest. All you are doing here is hiding.”
He pauses. Waiting. Providing a dramatic moment.
“Unlike you, I took what we were given - our gifts - and made something of myself.”
“And that something is a gang leader?” I reply sarcastically.
That laugh again. What I hate is that it’s mine. That sound is the one I can’t hide so well when I’m a lady. I own that, not him. I feel frustrated and upset and annoyed about his use of it.
“That’s not it.” He leans in, noting and ignoring my reaction to his expression of amusement, and continues: “You see I realized that we need The Authority. We need order. Those fuckers, they want to break things. I don’t know the whys but I do know the how and what the girl does and her target is going to fuck things up for a really long time for everyone. That’s not cool, yeah? No way, no how, brother. I need fucking peace. I fucking deserve it.” His fists clench on the armrests of the chair. “All that shit we did. All that shit we lived through. That’s fucking munchkin shit, brother, compared to what they have going on. It doesn’t even compare, no-computo, yeah? There’s no apples to oranges in this. It’s edge of galaxy hellhole versus lush planet Earth level shit. Real violate the butt of society kinda stuff.”
He stands and kicks the chair over. It rattles across the floor.
“You still want to see the world burn, yeah? Well, Sammy, I gave the fuck up on that bullshit long ago. I gave it up and now I see the light and the light is this: Do not fuck The Authority. It’s that simple; couldn’t be more so. We need them more than they need us. You can’t burn it all, Sam. Not even a little bit like we did. It doesn’t compute in the wider picture. The one that you can’t see because you stood still while I sprinted ahead up the mountain and got enlightened when I saw the view below.”
We stare at each other like two dogs ready to tear each other a new one. Then, we laugh.
“I like you,” I admit after a time. “You are more me than me.”
“I’m a product of the world I’ve lived in,” Me Two relents. “You could say almost the same about yourself.”
Some time passes. It is not so uncomfortable.
“Hmmm... Alright then, I accept the deal, but you know what I want, right?”
Mr. 5 Seconds smiles widely.
“Still so shortsighted, huh?” He nods as if confirming something important. “Alright. 50 - 50 bars of the glittering trinkets you so love. You can split that with the AI however you want because, to be honest, you two bosom buddies are gonna need each other.”
I nod. Nice of him to leave that up to me.
“Did you organize that?” I question.
A raised eyebrow.
“Organize what?”
There’s a look in his eyes, well hidden but there. For the first time I see what that 5 seconds really meant. Me Number Two is not as smart as I am - just better principled with better resources and real power. Right here is a me that could manage the level of mental fuckery necessary to truly let go of the burn, the fire, forever. I would never have knelt at the altar of power to get what I wanted. No, I would have burned it down instead. It’s a stark difference that scares me because with total freedom like he has - no longer shackled, no longer needing to cage the monster - he is capable of anything. For a second, I feel like I want to call Jenifer and just hear her voice. It’s a very human response on encountering your very own monster in the closet.
“Sorry. It’s nothing. Just a coincidence. Uh, when can I expect delivery?”
“It’s already in your stash.”
Instantly I am put on the back foot again. Maybe I was wrong. Maybe he isn’t that much slower than me. Heck, maybe his lack of understanding of the AI’s overwhelming unsuitability to a simple in and out retrieval was just a show. Now I feel really, really uncomfortable and a nervous clammy sweat starts forming on my palms.
“I’ll be seein’ you, Sam.”
He picks up the chair, rights it and starts for the door. I put up a hand and clear my throat.
“If I may ask, what do I call you?”
“Boss.”
I laugh and ask, “Really?”
He shrugs. There’s meaning in the motion I do not understand.
“I don’t have a name, Better Me. I left things like names behind after my change of heart.”
My new boss starts to walk away but stops, seemingly unsure for the first time since entering the room, and turns to me one last time.
“Sam, don’t burn the world down to the ground when you reach the moment where you have the choice. It’s really not worth it. Trust me on that.”
Then he’s gone and it’s all over. My five seconds has left and I feel a small sense of loss. The truth is that my family wasn’t a good one. A mother who left, a father who died not obeying the law and then just ‘people’ as I leaped head first into a world of anarchy I didn’t have the overview yet to fully comprehend. I’ve never had a brother and I wonder if 5 Seconds is akin to something like that for me. This thought alone makes me wonder if this says something about me that I should feel good or bad about.
Within a few quick steps I am at the wall and I press the button.
“Switch, we have job.”
It’s not long before the AI answers.
ANOTHER VISIT FROM AN OLD FRIEND

My favorite intermediary and the one that got me involved in this rubbish chute fire of a mess, Jarvis, visits exactly as Me Number Two predicted. It’s been three hours and some pocket change in minutes since the main parade has passed and the band that has been beating me towards my demise has put away the drums, but most certainly still nearby just in case I have a change of heart, and I have come to the conclusion that all is not good but a sunny underside might be findable if I think only of my family’s future needs and not my own.
“You look... ah, well, I guess ‘different’ would be a good way to put it.”
The gentleman caller simply shrugs as if to say it is what it is and enters to take up a position in front of the desk with his hands on his hips like some caring but strict mother of five about to scold her unruly brood for its misdeeds.
“Sometimes the old ways are best,” he comments with a small flash of white teeth in the form of a short-lived half smile.
I give him a solid once over and shake my head in amusement.
“Sure, sure,” I relent. “What is that on your face?”
“Holographic mask. It has little light reflectors that act as screens to change the features of the face.”
“Oh, nice.”
I lean forward and place my elbows on my desk and take a good look at his features from a lower angle to see if I can find any imperfections (Spoiler: There aren’t any.) and he lets me do so.
The truth is that I know that Jarvis is actually 87 years of age. I am in the possession of this little tidbit of vital information because I’ve seen his birth certification file thanks to a little rudimentary AI assistance way, way, way back in the day when you could find out anything about anyone if you just knew where to look and which came about due to me holding some very serious suspicions about his true identity at the time (mostly revolving around whether he was a selling me out to The Authority during a particularly troublesome period for my fraternity of brothers and sisters in anarchy).
In front of me is someone who looks barely 20. The skin on his cheeks, nose and forehead is perfectly clean and clear and the pores have shriveled to a youthfulness that appears almost natural but, on closer inspection, is too uniform to be a product of nature. Also, his hair has gone from an unavoidable graying brown, due to the cells degrading too far for the most base of modern treatments to bring out his natural coloring, to that over-blond look that so in right now among the youth, which coupled with his clothing choices makes him look truly ‘yuppieish’ in a way that the office dwelling denizens of Tanaka-Satoshi like myself would find enviable (That being, most likely, the intent, of course.)
Weirder than all this, however, is that Jarvis also now has a tan. This is something I find particularly offsetting as the aging middleman most likely spends all of his time indoors due to the nature of his work and the need for safety and privacy and I have never known him to care much for cosmetic appearance with his only bending of the knee in any regard to the need to look law abiding being a set of well aged red-brown suspenders, deep brown trousers, a crisp white workman’s shirt and a lighter colored vest that he changes from time to time for a reason I have never been able to divine considering the stoic resolve in his keeping of the rest unchanged. For me, this has been his dress code for all of the time I have known him and to see him here dressed much like a more casual Ray Boat creates a cognitive dissonance that gets worse the longer I stare at him.
“I know they were here,” the man says, breaking my revelry at the sheer amount of change a simple disguise can create.
“They?” I question in an innocent tone too false to be truly believed.
Jarvis’s eyebrows form a lopsided expression of irritation and I lean back and spread my hands as if to say, ‘What do you expect?’
“I don’t have time for this, Sam. Answer me properly.”
I note that the man is actually angry for once and I find this state in him quite unusual and also very suggestive. Maybe, just maybe, Jarvis is in over his head as well. That wouldn’t surprise me given the game that is afoot and that we seem to be, potential, the sacrifices needed for the success of whatever the win criteria for said game might be.
“Alright. There are things I can’t talk about but perhaps we can meet somewhere in the middle. How about you breaking down what you know and I’ll fill in the gaps where I think its safe to do so?”
The intermediary grinds his lips one over the other and then relaxes a little on seeing the benefits of such a compromise and then speaks.
“I know the 93rd and 94th are back together,” he admits. “I also know there’s someone awfully familiar lurking about.”
This information has me sitting up military-straight. The first part is something that only those in the know would have access to and Jarvis, I thought, was out of the loop with the old crowd. However, the second part has me put up a hand to request he stop so I can ensure my network connections are absolutely not functioning - a state I expected given his level of caution but need to ensure nonetheless just in case something is about to be said that I absolutely don’t want overheard.
“Sorry. I have an AI friend and he’s, ah, more ‘tricky’ than those usually are. Let me put something on.”
Out from the top drawer of my stylistically old school desk comes my makeshift eyepatch. It’s the base of a coffee cup still glittering with advertisements and a length of fabric I cut from my least favorite tie - a flashy blue tone thing that has a thick knot and a thin tip - and that I have threaded through the metallic plastic on opposing sides after spending an entire hour drilling through the damn thing with a laser knife from the kitchen of my second apartment.
“Inventive,” Jarvis notes with a touch of amusement that lightens the oppressive seriousness of the mood. “Is there something wrong with your left eye?”
“Well, a few things. Of course, I can’t see out of it, but you already know that. This is a software issue, or at least the AI told me it is.” I shift the thing about so that it fits tightly against my eye socket. “I think we can speak freely, but I’m not 100% sure. At least no one will be able to process your lip movements to recreate our dialogue if it comes to that.”
Jarvis shrugs his shoulders and some more of the tension between us disappears. He approaches the window to take up his usual spot, but again I put up a hand.
“They have a camera in the building across the street, so you shouldn’t go near the window.”
The man backs off with his hands up.
“Tell me,” I insist, “what it is that you know.”
He glances to the window then to me.
“They have tried to abduct me,” he informs. “Twice.” A pause. “I am fairly concerned.”
“I bet you are.”
For a time we are silent. Both thinking; both considering how much to share and, most importantly, how.
“Are you responsible for those two attempts?” he asks eventually.
I expected the question and my answer is a very strong: “No.”
“Yet, it reeks of ‘you’,” Jarvis notes in return. “The methods, the style. You always played hardball, Sam. The failed abductions - the forcefulness, the disregard for proper conventions, the sheer cleverness - it’s just like you, your M.O. I just can’t shake the feeling that you are out to get me.”
I sigh and rub my temples with care not to shift the eyepatch out of the way.
“Technically it is not me.” Another pause in a conversation full of them then: “If I tell you something then you’ll owe me?”
It is easy to see the mental calculations that are being done behind those fake blue eyes. Jarvis makes the right choice and decides he is better off knowing the truth than not. I see a glimmer of the weight of this decision in the subtle shift of his features upon the mask he is wearing. The intermediary is willing to throw his hat in the ring while knowing that what I might tell and he learn could result in a very punctuated ending to the existence of us both.
“Okay. Shoot.”
I lean back and run a hand over my face. How to word it? How to express to him the improbable truth of my first unannounced visitor of the day without sounding like a crazy person?
“I ‘transitioned’, you’ll remember, some time ago; however, there was, uh, well, - what should I say? - ah... what we could describe as a data ‘loss’ of sorts...”
“Sorry?”
The surprise in his voice indicates a forthcoming interruption and bombardment of rather easy to answer but time consuming questions that I’m not ready yet to field. To circumvent the unneeded, I side step around these with a firm “listen, please” before adding truthfully in a low tone of desperation, “Just let me get it out.”
To ensure full and complete understanding, I lean forward and stare directly into his eyes so that not a single thing is missed in the emotional impact of my following statement.
“5 seconds is how much of ‘me’ I lost. That 5 seconds is the leader of the 92nd.”
Jarvis places a hand on his chest. I wonder if he has a natural heart and if its about to beat its last after this truly scandalous revelation.
“Shit. Is he better or worse than you were?”
“Infinitely worse and infinitely better by my estimation. The other me is motivated and has resources. I would describe him as truly being untouchable. His journey of fire went on where I decided to forgo being consumed in favor of being with Jenifer.”
A glance to the side and I find myself surprised. Jarvis didn’t realize I was with Jenifer still. I find that interesting. I thought he would have at least checked. It was definitely something the Jarvis I knew growing up would have looked into. 
I wonder for just a second in the moment of silence that follows my statement if the lapse is perhaps the result of him wanting to respect my privacy. I highly doubt that because he’s not that stupid. Certainly, he is not cunning like Edwards or vicious like Gladis, but, of all the people that knew me as I was and now know me as Ray Boat, Jarvis is the smartest of them all and by far the most thorough. He had to be with what we were doing back in the day due to his role as supplier of goods and organizer of human capital simply requiring he be a little better than the curve upstairs and this, combined with a ridiculous level of caution bordering on my own level of paranoia, is very much a big part of why he’s standing here today in front of me rather than having met a swift end via an single executional emission from a law enforcer’s side arm. Consequently, I am surprised he didn’t know. 
“Is your woman safe?”
“Wife,” I offer, “and she’s fine.”
I bite my lip and ask (due to such an out of character lack of scrutiny being so far from my personal image of Jarvis that knowing is now a requirement), “Why didn’t you check?”
“Sorry?”
I’m surprised he doesn’t get it, so I explain.
“It just doesn’t seem like you is all. I would have assumed that checking if I carried on with Jenifer or not would’ve been the first thing you looked into after your old anarchist buddy turned wannabe fixer came knocking all those years back.”
“I guess I didn’t think you were that stupid.”
I laugh. There is a lot of truth in that statement.
“Love is a stupid thing,” I profess. “I’m not sure if I’m sorry or not for making such an out of character decision myself.”
Jarvis shrugs. He doesn’t care. The man begins pacing like he’s looking to wear a ditch in the floor.
“What do they want?” he demands.
“The girl,” I tell him. “She is going to do something for your employer that will rock The Authority.”
His eyes narrow.
“And you want that too?”
“Not anymore,” I lie, or not, I’m not sure. He doesn’t look convinced.
More silence then we continue.
“The client wants to see you.”
“Just me?”
“You were the one that found the girl. He or she or it has requested your presence.”
I sit back and bridge then tap my fingers together in thought.
“You took the job without knowing who the client really is, Jarvis? That’s not like you.”
For a second the man looks slightly uncomfortable.
“What is it?” I ask out of curiosity.
“They have information. Not just about my crimes. Other stuff. Things I need to keep secret.” He sighs like the old man he really is. “And, they paid what equates to 500 gold bars of income by your usual fee calculations. It was very hard to ignore that.”
I nearly ask what they have on him, but instead choose to go after the more important play.
“He wants me to take you up on your request. Me Number Two came to see me to insist on it because he thinks the job will get me killed and I have too much common sense to take on anything like that.”
“Your doppelganger is probably right, you know. Recent information I have come into possession of tells me that this is something other than the usual that we are dealing with.“
I smile and ask, “The Seven Samurai?”
“You knew?”
“I heard. What did you have them do?”
“Something simple but effective. An old trick.” He grins. “I had them investigate you and, of course, as you might expect, they immediately investigated us back. This then allowed us to ping back to the source of the investigation in a roundabout fashion. The Seven are, hmm..., ‘intricate’ in their digital traps, to be honest. It cost me 100 but has paid out nicely.”
I nod in shared satisfaction at a trap well sprung. This is excellent news. He has done what I would have if I had 100 to spare and had the connections that Jarvis clearly has.
“Who are we dealing with?”
“You tell me first. What do you think?”
I adjust a few of my lesser deductions in light of Jarvis’s involvement of The Seven and tentatively provide an answer based on the players it brings to the foreground.
“It’s old money but connected and they have an in with the mega-corps, probably controlling entities in other countries too, and there’s military backing.”
“Yes and no. You are very close.” Jarvis gives me that smile that tells me I’m going to find what he has to say next interesting in a way both good and bad. “The group investigating you,” he informs, “are running out of Yamato Oxford Dream Tech.”
“Seriously? The ones who make the educational machines? That’s a hell of an angle to come at us at from. Unexpected; heck, fucking ridiculous even. I never would have thought to look to them as a point of origin. I would have thought they were using some ultra deep network of facades to hide their presence, not just coming at us from a completely unrelated entity. I mean, do Yamato even have AIs that can do an investigation of this quality?”
“They do apparently. The Seven Samurai are 100% sure. It’s not just being routed and there’s no trickery. Yamato are actually employing their AIs and human capital in their pursuit of information about you, the girl and your digital helper.”
“Yet, that’s not all, isn’t it?”
“No. They are looking for something. There were tiny, near imperceptible branches out from those searches about you - a hidden layer under all those layers.” He looks thoughtful. “It feels like their main team has multiple focuses and they are splitting the workload. A hive abundant with worker bees but the queen is mismanaging things - perhaps on purpose - and all is confused.”
Find this poetic but still having to ask: “What’s a bee?”
“Old honey creating insect. Anyhow, I mean that the AIs are bringing in data and then dropping it into a central data storage container to be sorted by other AIs directed by a human or two and it’s getting all mixed up in there. The Seven say it could be to conceal some of the most important information in the slush that no doubt is piling up, which is similar to a few of their own practices, or just because the volume and inflow of data is absolutely massive and there aren’t enough eyes on it to start parsing out what is what at the pace they are setting.”
“That’s interesting,” I decide. “May I have my connection back?”
Jarvis steps out and then my connectivity opens again. I walk to the wall and thumb the button.
“Switch.”
Here.
I lift the eyepatch.
“That’s Jarvis. I need you to track him using your contacts when he leaves.”
Why? from the AI sounds in my ears and is echoed by Jarvis at almost the same time.
“Jarvis, Switch is going to find out who is looking at you while you are out and about. He has special connections in The Authority.”
There is a displeased sound in my ears.
“Shhh... be quiet, Switch. We need to get our footing and finding out who in the 93rd is tailing him and what resources they have in use will allow us to track down the other me. They have to report somehow. There’s no way that I would not keep my sticky fingers very deep within this.”
“You told the AI?” Jarvis asks in shock.
“No. Not everything. He found me. If he dug, he could probably find me for real. It was easier to just tell him considering the situation.”
“Are you sure he works for you alone?”
I laugh and am joined by that irritating gerbil in my ears in the activity.
“Of course he’s not just working for me. Switch is probably a Trojan Horse - worse than any virus. Yet, we need each other and I trust him to include me in any betrayal.”
“You two are a little nuts,” Jarvis notes with valid concern. “Is this a return to form?”
“No. But, and it’s a big but, if we can figure out the players then we can figure out an out. It may involve moving to the center of the ocean and eating mutated fish for the rest of our lives but we’d still be alive.”
“Okay. Do you want to meet the client?”
“Yes. I really do.”
Jarvis nods in thanks. He probably wasn’t allowed to walk out of this room without having convinced me to act very fast and loose with my life.
“I will make the arrangements.”
I smile and show him to the door.
“Be safe,” I tell him.
He claps me on the shoulder.
“No promises.”
Then he leaves.
“Switch.”
Yes?
I tell him about Yamato Oxford Dream Tech.
An unusual choice. And?
“Can you...”
No.
“I understand.”
I go over and turn off the connection to the outside world again. Worry that has been gnawing at me since the moment my other self came for a visit starts to grow and grow in my gut. I wiggle about uncomfortably on my chair and then stand and start pacing just as Jarvis was a minute ago.
“Fuck...” I mutter.
For the second time in a day the thought that this might not have been the best decision appears in my mind. I put it aside, however, because, honestly, I have higher quality problems to mull over now.

*****

My children are a delight. I watch them spooning what my wife tells me the food dispenser has indicated is something called ‘Arrowfresh Soup’ into their mouths and smile despite not really feeling like I want to.
“How was school last night?” I ask Sandra, hoping to find solace in the familiar family dining experience and dull normality of my children’s day-to-day lives.
The small brown haired girl (spitting image of a younger Jenifer Green at her age) looks up from her bowl of brownish-green chow and smiles super wide with teeth that gleam in the mild light of the kitchen’s luminance panel above. The joy on her face at this moment creates a warm sensation in me that nearly manages to shove aside the gut ache that my obsessive paranoia and deep actual concern for the welfare of myself and my family has brought upon me. This sensation has been circulating between my mid-chest and upper intestines like a yuppie who can’t decide whether the pure red tie or one a little darker will work best with his current choice of workplace apparel and right now my hope is that hearing from my youngest of common affairs and partaking of the sweet, innocent lens through which she views life, education and her two mommies will somewhat dissipate it down from the current murderous cancer feeling to a light heartburn curable by a little this and that input into the mix via the medium of a chemical injector.
“It was fun, mommy. We learned about...”
Many, many things are said from there on out. I hear them all with the pleased expression of a parent who finds joy in where their offspring are heading and internally reminisce of the past and how different things are these days as her monologue plods on. Where Sandra is learning the basics of the sciences, I - at her age - was learning of the most recent war: An important element of the curriculum due to The Authority wishing to reaffirm its hold on society and my teachers being a particularly bloodthirsty bunch of corporate underlings. For me and my wife, the warmongering past of humankind was not yet as much of a distant memory as it is in the current long running era of peace. My daughters are learning things in the areas of science, maths, history and such that I would have been overjoyed to study in my day. I feel like the youth of this world are blessed by the peace and that blessing has been carried over to we, the parents, in the form of a wondrous innocence that is blind to the wickedness of man, machine and digital lifeforms.
When Sandra’s words trail to an end and I have finished praising her for being such a wonderful child, my two girls begin to shift about in front of their empty soup bowls while eyeing up the living space as ones eager to fit in as much fun before a night of learning begins once more do.
“Okay, okay,” my wife relents when their eyes meet hers, big and round and hopeful, “Once you chute your leftovers, you can watch a show. But only one, okay?.”
“Yes, mum,” the intone with perfect timing.
My gorgeous life partner begins the festivities by standing and is the first to biff her empty bowl and spoon into the kitchen’s sole rubbish chute. The girls quickly follow suit afterwards.
“Make sure you aren’t too loud this time. Your mommies want some peace and quiet before bedtime.”
The girls throw kissy faces our way and rush off with a good level of hustle for ones filled up on the sweet aftertaste of an, admittedly, quite flavorsome artificial food product. Watching them go, I think to myself that it is quite endearing how they have taken to having me as Violet Jones in their lives. Both of my girls are the product of some sperm I put on ice because I sensed that my last, pre-incarceration adventure was of the ‘much worse than usual’ kind of bad and I probably wouldn’t be making it back in one piece (how right I was, yeah?) Those two little angels are genetically my own; however, Violet isn’t related to them by DNA, even if the father they have never known exists within the empty shell of her petite female frame, and yet those two clearly see me as a ‘father’, even though anyone else might assume me their mother based on gender alone.
‘So why do you find all this so wonderfully endearing?’ you might ask of me - most likely as you wish to query whether this isn’t just the norm or some such in the times that we live in. Well, let me elaborate. You see, it is hardly rare for lesbians and those of the male-loving-male kind to have children by tank or old fashion means, but when a partner change occurs, it quickly becomes apparent that step-whomever isn’t a part of the family unit in the way that genetically the same discarded mommy number two or biffed aside daddy number one might have been. It is statistically observable, without memory modification (the height of illegality right there), that children can sense when one of their parents isn’t of their own (even after said memory modification sometimes). Hence, it always strikes me as oddly spiritual that that minor degree of separation has never existed in my relationship with Patrica and Sandra Green and I am quite grateful to them for being amazing enough to treat me the way that they do. I mean, the distance could have existed - it is scientifically observable after all and well studied - and yet if there is even the slightest drawing back in them of emotional attachment then it is beyond my considerable ability to detect. It is, truthfully, as fascinating as it is an anomaly of sorts.
Finished with disposing of the leftovers, my wife comes over and wraps her warm arms around my neck and allows her fingers to string down between my petite breasts where I unbuttoned my blouse after returning from a hard day at ‘work’.
“How’s things at the office?”
I lean back into the full softness of her large breasts and glance up into her milk chocolate colored eyes.
“How did you know?”
“You only finished half your soup and I saw you inject dinner earlier.”
“I’m that obvious, huh?” I think it over. What to say and how much? “I have a new boss and he’s giving me trouble.”
“Harassment?”
I chuckle.
“Of course not. What kind of world do you think we live in?”
My wife gives me a kiss on the forehead.
“I don’t like how people look at you sometimes,” she admits. “You are too pretty.”
I take her hand and stroke it gently.
“I don’t think anyone else thinks I’m that noteworthy. I’m not as gorgeous as you.”
My wife laughs.
“I assure you they do. If I had to put it bluntly, you have something different about you that draws people’s attention. Honestly, they look; you just don’t notice.”
We are quiet for a time as I contemplate her comment. Perhaps it is true that I don’t see them looking. I might look like a woman, but I was born a man and am still one inside. Not having the benefit of a few decades of being female under my belt, I perhaps lack the ability to pick up on people looking at me in that way that speaks of their interest and attraction to me as Violet Jones. It is a dangerous obliviousness, but unlikely to cause issues as most of my outside time is spent as Ray Boat. Violet is my family persona only and if someone wants to check out her fine ass while I’m out escorting the kids somewhere or on a date with my lady then who am I to complain? My thinking on this is simply: Let them look. The prize is only for my wife after all and I think that, knowing her, the attention probably turns her on in some crudely mysterious way that only someone as hyper-sexual as Jenifer Green would be able to comprehend.
“He’s always giving me hard tasks,” I continue after a time, feeling a little less glum from being able to talk about it to someone. “I really don’t like it.”
“You are worried?”
“A little,” I admit.
For a time she watches me. My wife is smart. It’s one of the reasons I love her so much. Jenifer has always known when I’m in too deep. She might not know the details - and actually believe that I have some asshole boss riding me with the spurs dug in deep and the riding crop at full swing - but she understands me and that is just another one of the amazing things about the great love of my life right here.
“That’s rare,” she replies in the lightest of whispers such that I have to bend up towards her luscious lips to hear the final syllable of her proclamation.
In the short silence that follows her words, my mind suddenly becomes very aware of the fact that one of her fingers has been stroking the gap between my cleavage for quite awhile now. And, also, I realize that this is intentional as those lips of hers - close enough that I can smell the light fragrance of sweet ArrowFresh Soup on her breath - curve into something mischievous as her gorgeous brown eyes travel the valley of my cleavage in a way that tells me that she knows I know she’s checking me out and likes that I’m aware of it.
“You know what helps when someone is worried?”
“What’s that?” I ask, already sensing I’m going to like the answer.
She leans down and kisses my ear and whispers “anal” with very meaningful eye contact that lasts even past the 5 seconds of sheer surprise my expression shows on hearing the taboo word that isn’t really much of a taboo in our household expressed with meaning that somehow makes my clit harden and my pussy start to wetten despite my lack of understanding at this point of what is truly being said here.
“You want that?”
The reason for my surprise here is that Mrs. Green is a woman who enjoys it in all ways. We went the back route two nights ago and so it’s hardly special enough for her to make such a show of offering. Still, this said, I feel strangely aroused but, for the life of me, I can’t figure out why as of yet.
“No, not me. You.”
Now, that has me really surprised.
“I, uh, I, um. Fuck...” Stuttering is all I can do in face of this clarification of what amounts to a very out of character offer on her part.
My wife slinks around and turns my eyes up to hers once more via a finger under my chin before admitting: “After I licked you that night, I got to thinking. You and I, well, we have never really fucked in the traditional sense, right?” A pause then a release of tension of the shoulders. “I... I think I’m being too ‘restrictive’ in my thinking. I think we need to, uh... explore some new options.”
She slides down onto my lap. I admire the warmth of her against me.
“Plus, honey, I’ll be gentle. We almost...” she stops and closes her mouth very tightly before secrets that shouldn’t flow out of them do just that and smiles down at me knowingly. Of course, my lovely lady is referring to that trip out camping up along Lake Mineral Corp when I was a man still where we both got REALLY, REALLY high and she slipped out a small toy and started pushing it inside gently - just the tip as I remember it - and I totally freaked out and rushed off and ended up in the lake naked and weeping because I messed things up by being a pussy and had to be comforted by the future Mrs. Green before I could settle down enough to go back to bed and continue without any further anal play.
“I remember,” I say tenderly before adding: “We were so young.”
“We aren’t young anymore,” is her coy return. Her fingers run around my throat and stroke my left ear. I shift under her. That feels even better than usual somehow.
“So,” she begins slowly, still stroking, still hungrily admiring me, “I’m wondering, honey, do you still find me as attractive?”
I grab a breast and squeeze it. She moans at the sudden rudeness of the action like the wild sexual animal we both know she is and I have to put a finger to her lips and remind her we have children in the next room.
Her reply is to step up and sit down on the table next to my unfinished meal with her legs spread extremely wide. I can see the goods under her dress and they are soaked. The lady looks down at me and raises an eyebrow. Between us lies a question to which there can be only one truth.
“I find you so fucking attractive,” I tell her honestly.
“Then come let me give you a new perspective on the world.”
She takes my hand and I let her walk me to the bedroom. The kids are watching more of that AI programming. I have told them not to do that a million times because it is insanely addictive. Only old shows in my household. Yet, right now I don’t care. An adventure is afoot and I want to see the journey through to its climax.

*****

My butt really, really hurts and it’s kind of embarrassing because I only took a 7 inch ‘mini-fucker’, as was inscribed on the side of the thing, up the chute and the result is that now I’m walking like a sports rider who has seen too long in the saddle or as if someone kicked me in the balls, if I had some that is.
“Baby,” my wife moans, “come back.”
I’m trying to escape the covers and the fluids of all kinds that are oozing off them, but the one who made me hurt is like some tentacle monster trying to dragging me back in and I only barely manage to escape without a finger pushed up in me.
“I can’t,” I whine as freedom is obtained.
My wife sighs dramatically and slides back down to the air pillows. I note the 14-inch slipping out of her rear as she does this and the ease in which it travels out is something I feel almost envious of. Knowing this naughty minx, she isn’t even feeling it. My woman is built for butt sex, where I only feel oddly violated after it. This is as humiliating as it is sexy.
“I’m going to check on the girls.”
“Naked?” my wife asks in amusement while admiring the view.
I look down then up at her.
“I’ll get a gown then.”
Out in the lounge my children are, as expected, breaking their bedtime curfew in favor of their own entertainment.
“It’s 10pm,” I remind gently.
“Mooomm...,” my youngest, Sandra, whines at me.
“Don’t start. Are you watching that AI programming still?”
“We were watching old shows. Promise.”
I swish a hand and the list of watched shows is projected on to the far wall from the projector that doubles as a light source in the family entertainment space.
“Only one. You think that will appease me?”
“No, mom,” Patrica says with a knowing smile on hearing my comment, “but it’s at least one.”
I roll my eyes at her. Patrica is growing up way too smart for her own good and I don’t like it. Already I have seen some worrying signs that she might be of the sort who finds recreation in fire-based activities. My hope (and it’s probably fine by the way) is that my oldest isn’t somehow taking after her absentee deadbeat dad (me, for confirmation). If so, it could spell trouble for her and us in the far off future.
“Bed. Now. Mum will be checking your dreams to make sure you are resting, so no cheating.”
“Yes, mom,” the both intone in infuriating sing-song time.
I go to the kitchen and wait for them to leave before fiddling around in the storage cabinet and finding the healing kit. A smothering of Heal It has the pain under control and the swelling down. I start on my way back, but find Jenifer standing there watching me at the doorway to the kitchen.
“That’s cheating,” she chides.
I see the 7-inch on her and shift back.
“I like this,” she purrs. “You being afraid of something. Does it make you feel alive, baby?”
I have my back to the wall now. She looms over me. I feel small. It’s probably intentional.
The silence stretches until my wife clears her throat.
“You have to consent, baby,” Jenifer reminds. “We don’t want a visit from the law.”
My sigh is loud and loaded with the discontent of one who has a very sore asshole. The things I do for my woman...
With a twirl, I turn, drop the gown, spread my legs and push out my butt.
“Fuck me, honey.”
She laughs.
“Filthy brat.”
I am spanked and feel something attach inside.
“What is?”
My eyes roll up and the world slows. Jenifer has just buckled Mr. 14-inch onto me. I turn my head and my wife smiles as she takes me by the tip and does that thing I love that sends me over the top.
“FUCK---!!!” I growl, more man than woman now.
Her own fake dick slides inside.
“I’m going to stir up that new perspective for you right here in the kitchen,” she promises.
I moan, cum, cum again and then she turns the setting up to the highest and I can barely stand. There are fleshy sounds, but that’s all. I wake up to a medical droid injecting me with several things that look serious. My ass is leaking fake cum and the 14-inch is a puddle on the floor due to having overheated and losing the ability to hold shape. It is then that I cry out as the biggest orgasm and high of my entire life explodes through my core and I am set free and have to be defibrillated.
“You are required to attend proper sexual conduct training,” the droid informs me some time after I return to the land of the living. A card showing the time, place and counselor appear in my vision.
I smile at the stupid thing drunkenly and reach out to kiss it on its dome-like forehead.
“Anything you want, babe.”
Then I pass out. Where there was worry, there is peace. I float in the arms of my angel all the way to the bed and am set down with a kiss on the forehead before she too passes out. Tonight has been one for the record books. I am undone.

*****

The blond woman is sitting across from me in the same speedster that picked up Pale a month and a bit ago. Being in her presence at this moment is like witnessing a study in anxiety being undertaken. Her small hands are clenched together so tightly that it looks like she’s trying to bend something metal into a ball. Over the duration of our time in the air, her knuckles and the flesh of her fingers progressively began to bulging out and now the skin at the edges and near the other knuckles of her digits have reached a concerning sickly shade of white. I worry that she might break a bone with how hard she is squeezing those fingers of hers together or, if not that, then cause herself some major circulation issue as the backs of her hands have become slightly discolored and the spidery veins have begun to look like pipes that are preparing to burst and tear from under the flesh to paint us both a rich shade of red.
“Where are we?”
Our chaperone doesn’t answer, but, then again, I wasn’t expecting her to.
No idea. I have had no luck finding a electronic signal to hijack. This car is locked tight.
“As I thought.”
My eyes are on the scenery outside. It appears to be from the surrounding area of the state of Cali, but I felt a turn that didn’t fit with where the windows tell me we are. This route we seem to be taking is one I travelled years back to get to Little Sweden for a job, a den of crime that I’d rather forget, and that was more east than the direction we are probably heading.
There is a slowing and the sensation of descent. The view flickers and confirms that it was all a facade when it is replaced by the interior of a metallic hanger lined with vehicles of all kinds - someone quite military in nature and so illegal to possess and others so slick, vintage or fast that they defy the mind to calculate the combined wealth they represent.
The wall of the car on our left slides into itself like water flowing from a waterfall but in reverse. Outside there are people waiting.
Servants? Switch utters, voicing my own question.
There are six of them dressed in pure black cloth that shimmers much like the speedster we just stepped out of. They are all uniformly tall and of both genders. All of them hold a peculiar beauty but none shows signs of the typical treatments or modifications used to achieve such. Behind these imperfect perfect beings stand two men and two women. In contrast, these individuals are clearly very much enhanced and are monstrously large and well muscled in a crude, ugly hormone-induced fashion. The four of them are most likely clones of some kind or ex-military and they sparkle with metallic implants that there is no room within their ample flesh to hide. Of course, knowing their type relatively well, I suspect that their avoidance of the minimalism that the heavily enhanced tend to favor is due to some desire in them to have their ‘enhancedness’ seen because undoubtably what I am bearing witness to are the finest implants money can buy and, hence, why not show them off when one is in possession of such an abundance of quality tech?
An Armitage 2077.
Swift’s words draw my eyes to it. The device was dubbed an ‘Armitage’ because that is the name of the city where one military tech subsidiary - its name lost to obscurity - first designed, produced and later refined the six cannon instrument of death over the furnace-like summer that spanned some of 2077. This is old English tech when Britain was still Britain and not a country lost to the influence of the mega-corps like most of the rest of the world was now and back then.
I note its six cannons training on us. To own and to utilize such a unique instrument of outdated tech is an interesting and profound gesture. The rounds that the Armitage fires are hydrogen based. Through some chemical magic that I am not purview to, the hydrogen is lightened and somehow solidified. This allows the already light material to travel at speeds far surpassing what is measurable even with current tech. The Armitage 2077 lacks the violence of other options and the sheer weight of impact that modern military tech is renown for, but I have very vivid memories of seeing one fire in my dreams - again those silly teachers and their love of war - and it annihilating a series of enhanced humans attempting to dismount from a military tug to the ground below where they needed to take some objective. The death had been instant; the fire rate unbelievable. Their feet didn’t even touch the dirt before they were sent flying. The look they had in those slow motion frames was of a cheese grater I once found sitting in a digital museum on a dream based school trip overseas. It would be no small thing to say they had holes within holes within holes. Truthfully, the Armitage 2077 represents the height of humankind’s desire for speed of death. Of course, then the robots revolted and made it all too obsolete as the rounds couldn’t penetrate the heaviest of them.
“You will come with me,” a servant says, “and your associate will remain here.”
Our familiar face seems quite relieved by this statement. I briefly consider whether or not she’s on the client’s payroll and her ‘escorting’ us is all just some pointlessly overly dramatic excuse to get a debrief (or even just a well-veiled threat if one digs a little deeper into the motivations for her presence). However, by extension, if we were to depack her reaction down to its final implied conclusion and if she truly is in fact employed by the client and, thus, some kind of a spy or front woman for the individual then her employer looks to be the type one wouldn’t want to meet under any circumstance - good or bad - based on the sudden unballing of her hands from fists of steel into tendrils of putty-like relaxedness and now rubbery, less tense nature of her body posture and so on.
Soon, I am following the servant as he takes me from the hangar to the interior of the complex. We stroll a hallway that is forgettable - mostly silvery metal followed by even more of it with absolutely zero decorations to serve as way points for our later return - while four guards of the enhanced and massive type stomp behind me and grind their boots in to the floor as if to show their dominance in every footfall (or perhaps they just weigh a lot - it serves to form the same impression either way). Then we arrive at a door. This one is wood - real wood - and is polished brown in a shade you don’t see often these days.
“You may enter immediately. We will be outside if needed.”
I nearly snigger at the servant’s attempt at a threat. It’s like they don’t realize how easy it is to comprehend just how much tech is pushed into every crevice of this place. They could probably fry me where I stand with less effort than it would take to request the action. I feel completely unsafe and, meanwhile, they are in the complete opposite state; hence, it’s almost laughable to think they believe I would try something and one would have to be particularly obtuse to their surroundings to even consider such an action worth their life.
My hand runs smoothly down the polished surface of the door (because when in my life am I going to get to touch real wood of this quality ever again?) and comes to the cool metal of the ancient doorknob. In both the wood and the metal I can feel the gouges and imperfections of time and momentarily wonder if these surfaces hold some special meaning that is meant to act as a daily reminder of long past ills that resulted in these objects undignified state of deterioration.
Inside is what I would casually refer to as a museum that is currently doubling as a library and personal study. To my eye, the space provides an excellent example of what one would imagine a ‘gentleman’s lair’ looked like 100s of years ago and would most likely have featured prominently in the pages of some long rotted away, turn of the century glossy magazine displaying the antiquities of old in ways that send a clear message about the occupier’s levels of wealth, power and snobbery.
Despite this initial impression, however, as I admire the lair further, I realize that the space is spotlessly clean yet holds an atrocious disorganization that modifies my initial thinking about the owner greatly. A prominent example of this is a high table on which a set of thick spined books lie haphazardly open: Their paper pages draped out over their hard backed covers like maidens sunning themselves on porcelain panels in far forgotten times. Beside these well-worn treasures exist items of investigation of such a modern vintage that I do not know their names or makers. It is from the focal point of this contrast of old and new that there spans out a sea of aging ‘things’ - because what they do or what they are is beyond my significant knowledge and interest in the past and, hence, dubbing them ‘things’ is the best I can do - which have somehow survived to see a future so far off that it might as well be a billion years from their date of creation. Overall, it tells me that the occupant views wealth as trivial and sees the pursuits that riches can bring to be more worthy of their interest. This type is one I have met many times before among those of old money and powerful means and I am only slightly surprised to come into the presence of a room like this hidden among the garble of tech that exists outside of the wooden door I stand enraptured in front of.
At the desk, a floating panel that has some kind of metallic sheet hanging loosely over it, is a man that further emboldens this line of thought. This individual seems quite unconcerned by my intrusion and is, at this moment, standing and admiring something sitting in the middle of his desk with refrained interest. This thing has a barrel and a handle and a trigger and it is something I have seen before but not one quite like this. To put it plainly, this is a gun; however, it is not a gun like I know from my many experiences with them - the kind where you point and aim and the device automatically fires at whatever you intend death to - but an old gun: Something truly outlawed and very outdated - its efficiency of death overshadowed and surpassed by modern solutions, yet still lethal in all the ways one needs it to be.
“Do you know how the six cylinder sidearm came to be?”
“No,” I state as I walk over to ogle the item.
“It came to be because men needed more. They had invented weapons that held two shots, but when the six shot pistol came about it was revolutionary.”
The man’s voice is unbelievably refined and not his own. It is a mastery of tech and skill that is as equally as impressive as the items in this room.
“Six grew to 7 then 8 then more. It got to the point where people were carrying around buckets of bullets in tubs that inserted into the base of the weapon - a full 50 rounds or more - and then...” He picks up the gun, inspects it and runs a hand over the barrel, “... then we went the other way.”
He smiles and points the gun at me. I shift back. There is a very distinct crack as the hammer at the back is yanked into a rearward locked position.
“Trust. That is important,” the man notes.
The trigger smacks back and I flinch but nothing happens.
“Of course, beauty such as this should not be fired. It is not for this moment that I have shown you this.”
He sits. There is no seat but instead the cloth on the table slides to the floor and up to form one for him.
“Sit,” he offers.
I look to the cloth and then shrug and slowly edge downwards. My seat is supremely comfortable. I lean back into it and it begins to massage away my aches, particularly those of my rear, and I smile.
“I like this.”
“As do I,” the other man notes.
He places a single hand onto the desk and throws one leg over the other in a relaxed yet still dignified pose. His clothing is made of the same cloth as his servants and it ripples then turns white and forms into a crisp high necked shirt with a black tie of yesteryear make and business trousers to match. This is from the comfortable room wear he had been lounging in prior to this and I find the change impressive.
“You are an interesting fellow,” he admits. “I have never met a terrorist before.”
Our eyes meet and only he smiles. His teeth are white and yet natural. They are perfectly straight but not the over-straight of those that decide that what science and nature gave them was not enough.
“I was, uh, ‘a person seeking freedom’ so to speak.”
“True but you killed, didn’t you? Even this gun here could not end as many lives as you did.”
Now I smile at him. I wonder if this is supposed to rattle me rather than merely offend as it is now?
“I don’t know what to say. Do you think calling me names and talking of my sins is the right way to begin the negotiation we are about to undertake?”
He grins. I feel a warm sensation. Maybe Violet’s biochemical profile - estrogen, endorphins and a hefty dose of dopamine and its friends in this case - is rubbing off on me. For some reason this man is attractive. I find that concerning because it might be an indication that someone is screwing with my mind during our conversation here in the hopes of removing any rationale impediments to agreeing to whatever this, admittedly, handsome man has planned.
“No. I just set the scene. Also, what are we negotiating? Tell me. I want to hear your thoughts.”
“Honestly, I have no idea.”
The man nods.
“The girl trusts you.”
“Pale?”
“Yes,” he notes before running a lazy finger over his shapely thigh and asking inquisitively: “You know that she cannot speak, correct. Do you know why?”
“No.”
He swings one leg back over the other and I immediately feel a massive sense of arousal and grow rock hard downstairs. This confirms to me that someone or something is in my mind right now and is manipulating my emotions as one does the notes of a fine song. It comes to me that this man wants me to feel this discomfort as I speak to him and the reason for this is obvious: The cheeky bastard wants me to know that even the chemicals of my brain are not safe from his touch. This, I find, is more of an effective threat than the indelicateness of the careful tracking of my position by Armitage 2077 in the hangar or the uncouthness of the servant’s words when backed by four threatening walls of monstrous muscle. This right here is the delicate touch that inspires terror and although I am unable to feel such a strong sense of fear at this moment, I am sure I would if my emotions were my own.
“The very last command her previous master gave her was to be quiet.”
I sit there and my mouth goes dry. That physical expression of shock must really be annoying the heck out of the one playing with my feelings because that emotion has replaced my arousal and so my erection has been lost. Having seen the implications of his comment, I shift about in discomfort as an unpleasant realization forms.
“You want me to find the command seal, don’t you?”
“Yes.”
That word stands between us like an oil fire on an unmoving sea at night.
“Your people... they can’t find it?”
“No.”
“Okay. I see. Then, why me specifically?”
“Because you think outside the square and you have connections.”
“What connections?”
“All will be made clear in time. Let us just say that you are well connected - more than you know. It is of a nature that I cannot talk about it, but I promise you’ll understand someday soon.”
He reaches under the cloth and shows me something.
“Did you know that the law enforcement model has a limitation on its ability to think?”
“My cognition is limited?” I ask speculatively. “Why would they do that?”
“The good tool doesn’t think so much.”
His fingers play with the injector.
“This was developed to reverse that on an as needed basis.”
I flinch.
“You are with The Authority?”
“No, despite what you’ve been told, The Authority did not develop the model of body that you are in. It was outsourced. That is why the chop shop that you were born again in could access it. Your pretty Violet...” A screen appears. There is a man standing over my other body. He has a compact, thin bladed laser knife in hand. “... and this Ray Boat you like to use for your work...” The exterior of my home appears on another screen. “... but don’t fuck your wife with...” The camera winds in and we swivel to another camera inside. This is a few days ago. I am on my back moaning as my wife holds my legs up to my shoulders and fucks me in the ass slow and steady. “... both bodies are restricted.”
“And that there is the solution?”
“It will be a part of your reward,” the man says with a wide smile. “I believe you wish for something for your services, correct?”
“Yes, that and 1000 gold bricks.”
“Done.”
“Good,” I say, “I will take the injector as an advance.”
“No. I don’t think so.” He puts the device away. “As I said, the good tool does not think too much. If you were of the intellect of - what was that quaint name you went by? - ah, yes, ‘Sammy The Flame’, wasn’t it, then perhaps you might think more than needed and renege on our agreement somehow.”
He chuckles.
“Doesn’t that silly name sound childish to you now so far along in the future from those days of anarchy as you liked to call it?”
I cringe.
“Let’s not go there.”
“As you wish.”
The images vanish.
“We know everything; we hear and see everything. There is no tricking us. Is that understood?”
I sit back.
“What makes you think that I will trick you?”
“Because you are full of tricks. Take that eye, for instance. You know it can kill and yet it is a parlor trick compared to what you are truly capable of.” He bridges his fingers on his knee and tilts his head inquisitively. “Tell me, Samuel, Do you still think about burning the world to the ground?”
“Everyday,” I admit honestly.
“Then I will give you the chance, but I need the seal first.”
I nod and ask the question that has been on my mind since I learned the seal was not in the client’s possession.
“Why can’t you find it? I can’t wrap my head around that. Clearly you have the resources. It makes no sense.”
“Because I cannot look for it.”
I blink.
“You cannot look for it. You specifically?”
“Yes.”
“Why?”
“I cannot say.”
“Then how do I find it?”
He laughs.
“You are a fixer. Go fix.”
I smile and reply instantly.
“2000 gold in advance. 1000 for the prize.”
“Easy. Done.”
My heart nearly stops. This is a small fortune and would be very hard to come by.
“Do you have other things you can offer?”
“You want more wine?” A laugh follows this statement.
“No. I don’t. I need a lead.”
Information flows in front of me. I take it in for a good 2 minutes.
“Ideas. I can only offer ideas.”
My eyes crinkle.
“It has to be her command seal, doesn’t it? I can’t just procure another from a museum.”
“That has been tried and failed.”
I grit my teeth.
“You are going to kill me if I fail, aren’t you?”
“No. We will dismember you and put you in a vat and do things to your wife and children and everyone you know and then make you relive it until you arrive at madness.” He unbridges his fingers and spreads his hands. “Then we will make you forget it and do it all again.”
“Fuck...”
He smiles. Those teeth gleam white.
“It is barbaric but simplistic. There are worse things that can go bump in the night out there. If you were to inform certain people of my interest or allow them to know then I can manage much worse.”
“And who are ‘they’?”
“This, too, I cannot say.”
Fuck.
I forgot Switch was there and has been watching via my left eye this whole time.
“Fuck indeed,” the man agrees.
He stands.
“Go to work, Mr. Boat. We will see each other again whether you are successful or not.”
I leave. I don’t even realize that I’m in the speedster until we are in the air. The blond is there, Switch is there, and yet the silence that accompanies the flight is not broken. All there is is information: Flowing, turbulent rivers of it and, according to the client or perhaps just his representative, I am not smart enough to interpret the finer nuances of it.
A bad situation was what I expected and I was in no way disappointed. I’m getting lemons on lemons this time around and it might just be too sour for my taste buds to handle.
FINDING

I’m on the street, sitting, thinking, mulling things over. The street is where I do my best thinking; it’s where things happen, yeah? Except, well, nothing is happening, not a single thing, nada-nada-nothin’. And, thanks to that, I am unsure of what to do.
To the day, almost a month has passed. I was offered a sum of money so mammoth that it makes me hard just thinking about it but with the cost of failure being pain and horror for myself and my family - not that I had much choice in accepting, after all, with the client and Me Number Two both unbending in their desire to see me play puppet under their delicate string pulling - and this additional tension is not helping lubricate my brain cells for the entry of the gigantic slong of an eureka needed to break the deadlock of my muddled thoughts.
Right now it is around 12:14 by the clock in my vision. I am swirling the cup of coffee that I bought at 12:01 and thinking thoughts that mostly revolve around the sun descending upon the Earth and melting it down to the shape and appearance of one of those dried grapes I was given by a friend a really long time ago and found to be long expired and sour enough to make me belch up vomit like I was trying to paint the broken concrete of the abandoned community park we were playing in a dirty shade of brown. It is as I cringe at the remembrance of this childhood memory that Switch’s voice sounds off in my ears.
The analysis is ready.
I sip my coffee and give a pleased nod not just due to the fact that the long awaited results of the two week long task I set my AI partner are finally available but because the coffee actually tastes somewhat decent. My eyes travel past the information flowing across my one good eye to the semi-human server behind the counter of the little stand built into the side of an office building that I assume houses some kind of trading company of some sort by the sharp yuppie look of the workers going in and out. This cafe is about six orderly city blocks from my office within the boundaries of Tanaka-Satoshi and is one of the only ones that I can say that actually creates something worth drinking in the area. The data slows to a halt and vanishes as I bring my eyes back to the road ahead of me.
How many of those have you had? Switch asks in amusement.
My head tilts to the side and I give the world a lazy smile. For me it’s like asking whether I have drunk water today (I haven’t because I only really drink coffee when I’m working but you get my point.) The positioning of my head is such that it is almost asking the question “does it matter?” without forming the words necessarily to express such.
In response Switch flicks up a data sheet showing my most recent health data - taken somehow straight from the medical droid that assessed me a month back during what my sex counselor over our three mandatory sessions referred to as a “concerning episode in a series of them” - and highlights the caffeine count in my bloodstream at the time of assessment.
I want to reply “Your point?” but we aren’t in a safe space to speak, so I let it go and instead wait for him to continue on the matter at hand.
My conclusion is that the Genesis Invasion Unit known as Pale has no history whatsoever. There are no records anywhere of a child with her appearance and basic biological markers ever existing within the 5th Battalion at the time they supplied their services to the Imperial Traders. In fact, there are counter records I have received from overseas contacts that indicates Genesis Invasion Units were aged to adulthood in almost all cases through the unrefined methods of the time and basic chemical adjustments were made to slow their aging from there. There are only two cases of a child being used against the robot forces and those were both towards the end where the 5th had become a much more minor force than they originally began as.
The AI pauses to give me time to think and adds, This data includes all of what we were given by the client and everything from external sources.
There is a longer pause.
I do not believe that we can find a lead to her original area of operations or to who she was allocated. This information has been lost in time. I should also add that the data from those days is sketchy at best and likely has been doctored or sanitized by various forces over time.
‘The victors wrote their own version of history’ is what Switch is saying in a very AI-like fashion. It is a human tradition of sorts to make one’s regime look better than it was - or at least less cruel and authoritarian. What he has said is in line with my thinking on the matter as well.
For a time we are both silent. Perhaps Switch is right and there is nothing to find. I mull over this as I rock a little on my seat and juggle my half empty cup of coffee lightly between my hands. Above the sun is out and the air is crisp and clean. The visibility of the day allows me to see the colorful shapes of various vehicles moving about around the 10,000 feet mark. They look like little insects crawling over a surface made of blue.
What should I do? Switch finally asks when the wait becomes too long.
I tap a finger on the table and turn my thoughts back to the issue under consideration. The provided data was bountiful but sparse. It informed me, among other things, that the client - weird as this is going to sound - didn’t actually intentionally seek out the girl in the first place. It, Pale, came in a box with other items of interest a few months back. She was packed in a rather interesting old piece of tech that quick freezes a body so that it can be thawed later. Those kinds of devices are very dated technology by today’s standards and were primarily used as a basic but functional field medic tool during the very earliest skirmishes with the robots when they began to turn in greater numbers to move those civilians who were so critically injured that they were beyond easy means of saving and required transportation to a safe medical facility (one not robot controlled, but instead run by humans). After being jammed into one of those, the probability of one coming out in any other form than an ice block wasn’t particularly good from the light reading I’ve done on the subject since learning of Pale’s method of discovery. To me, it is a kind of unfortunate miracle that the girl survived because now I’ve been set on the trail of something impossible to locate and, as Switch has said, we have no leads.
Slowly I get up from the compact outdoor seating area - my artfully designed metallic black chair sliding into place under the small floating platform that served as my table and was, blessedly, free of advertisements of any kind during my period of relaxation - and walk to the spot about 30 meters away in front of a rubbish chute that Switch has told me The Authority, probably due to some minor oversight, has no eyes or ears.
“Did you find out how he knew about the command?”
Mr. Stein contacted the client. His reply was a piece of software.
“What does it do?”
A diagnostic display appears.
“This would have been useful earlier.”
Undoubtedly. However, it is easily blocked. I believe the 93rd probably had some passive means of doing so and that was why it was not put into play earlier.
According to the data, Pale’s heart rate is 54, her health is good and she feels mildly bored. Her location is somewhere near the Cali coastline, but closer inspection reveals that she’s out in the ocean and that doesn’t seem likely given there are all kinds of pollutants and dangerous tech still floating about just off the coast after that major industrial accident with N-Tech Chemicals a year back.
“The last command is listed. However, the date of the command and expiry date of it are not. What do you make of that?”
It’s unclear. All Genesis Invasion Units brought in for the Imperial Traders war effort from the old supply produced by the 5th Battalion after the raid of New France required a seal to gain controller status. Do you think the past controller told her to be quiet forever?
“That would make sense. Why no entry date though?”
Silence. Switch is thinking, or as much as an AI does such things.
I’m not sure. It makes no sense.
“Exactly. Do you think the client is playing games with us?”
Possibly but why? It seems rather unnecessary, doesn’t it?
“I don’t know. Can you check if the date has been tampered with?”
Processing.
Time passes in silence. I watch a blond haired business woman about Violet’s height alight from her rickety old ride and trudge towards one of the uniformly designed 50 floor office blocks nearby while I wait and think about how that could have been me if I was capable of sitting down hooked into a machine doing who knows what for 10 hours a day as a corporate slave.
The date may have been tampered with. Yet, I am unsure how. I can see no way that the software would not have recorded an entry date when the command was given. Further, it is quite secure for the time of its invention and so there would be traces if someone or something utilizing either outdated or modern tools tried modifying it or elements of it. Hence, I feel certain I would have identified the digital footprints of a tamperer if such existed and I’m sure the client performed a very thorough check before handing this over to us. He does not seem the type to make such minor errors.
I take a long breath and allow this analysis to digest, ferment and inspire new thought. 
“Okay. Let’s think then. Imagine it was tampered with and by someone really, really good. Who could do that and why would they?”
Again, that is unclear. It is possible someone of enough skill to fool myself and several very high grade AIs is involved and tampered with the software, but, then, why hide or remove just the date? It is not something an AI would do. Perhaps a human might, yet the question still stands: Why?
I have no reply to that. There isn’t enough to work on to speculate as to the reasoning for the act just yet. Due to this, I decide to segue into another angle of inquiry to see if anything useful might be found there.
“Where’d the software come from?”
It is generic, although somewhat hard to come by. I have obtained other samples and the code is identical.
“Could the samples have also been tampered with?”
Silence.
“Switch?”
It is something I had not considered. I have obtained all that I could. There are limits to how blatant I can be given our employer’s proclivity for privacy. The 5th also didn’t leave much of their science and software lying about. What we have is what has been discovered. Still, it is feasible that another form of the software exists - an original, so to speak - and that we are viewing a prototype or a intentional facade designed to confuse. This could well be a remnant of the 5th’s wartime counter-intelligence. Given the sheer breadth of time we are talking about here, anything is possible. It makes me wonder what else might not be as it seems.
I nod quietly. As another avenue closes yet another must open. There is something here. We are just not seeing it. I decide a more radical question might lead us in a better direction. 
“Then let’s return to the final point of your analysis but from a different direction,” I state. “My question is simple: Whomever they might be, why is their reason or motive unclear?”
Because human behavior is not always easy to understand.
“Perhaps...”
The AI is in no way a specialist in human thinking, I decide, yet he has a point. I muse for a time: Why would someone go to the trouble of hiding the date that the command was provided? Why not just put in a date that makes sense to avoid anyone examining the lack of one more closely as we are now? Perhaps it was a limit in their capability? Or, more likely, is there another reason? Is it possible someone wants us to notice this and act on it?
I take a breath. Wait, what if the one who sent Pale to the client knew that he would seek out the software? With Pale in hand, it would make complete sense to obtain it if he were aware of its existence. Thus, It stands that, if the software is in fact legitimate, the client would have noted the need for it very early on with his deep interest and understanding of the past and, likely, already knew a considerable amount about the 5th and their Genesis Invasion Units and, hence, knew what to seek when it needed to be sought. However, perhaps this didn’t work out as intended for the sender. Perhaps the angle here is so stupidly simple that someone as geared up and intelligent as the client would overlook it. Human hackers and AI might see the tech side, which would validate the supposition that the software was very well verified before it came into our hands, and yet there might be a very human angle that these specialists would overlook. Did the sender know this? Or, here too, did they assume that the client would apply the right resources and yet has not perhaps until now? Pale has only been in his possession for a few months. Did he immediately see the value of her and seek out the software or was there a delay that might have reduced the time he has had to note and assess the date issue? Why didn’t the client look where he is supposed to if the solution can be found via a thorough examination of this date issue from the appropriate perspective?
Because he’s not human enough anymore, I realize.
There is something there but it is for later. The man used very human means to manipulate me, but old money tends to be more tech friendly and have more hidden beneath the skin. It is one of the reasons I have forgone heavy implantation of my work body. It is not just that I fear being hacked but also that the more machine a man becomes, the less man he is. My hate for the robots in general - well, founded I assure you - is part of it, but there is also the effect on one’s thinking. It strikes me that the client and the sender may know each other, but at a different point in time when the client was more human and more predictable than now. Whoever the sender is - because I’m almost certain now that no tampering has occurred - they did not account for the rate of change a human can experience throughout time. It leads to other interesting thoughts that I shelve in the face of a very human realization. 
“Show me everything we have again.”
I skim through it.
“There’s nothing missing. To my knowledge this looks good. Do you agree?”
I do.
“Then, what if the reason is more simple than we think?”
Enlighten me.
“What if the command was given before birth?”
Silence. Switch doesn’t get it.
“How is the date set within the software?”
The data is taken from the unit’s brain’s memory.
“Good. So, either Pale did not know or had not seen the date yet, which is possibly I guess, or it was given before she could recognize the date.”
What about during the freeze?
“Possibly. However, based on my research I believe that there wouldn’t have been enough brain activity and her eyes were closed when she was found and her ears were packed with ice. It’s possible she could have heard the command at the time of the freeze but the software would have calculated the date from her current memory of it and the one she knew before going into the bag. However, that feels unlikely. There’s no date and that says something. My gut is telling me that the software is not able to figure out when the command occurred and that is why a date is not being displayed. There are very few points in time where that could have happen in the hypothetical timeline of Pale’s existence and the easiest to imagine is somewhere very early in her creation process when she hadn’t seen or heard the date yet and so did not remember it. Hence, if she were frozen very soon after being produced with minimal exposure to the outside world then the software would not be able to accurately assess an entry date and so not display one.”
Good point.
I bite my lip and glance to the time. Perhaps...
“Bring up the date on the side of the Quick Freeze Bag,” I request.
It comes up.
“If what I think is true then this could be quite a good piece of subterfuge.”
You think something is not what it seems?
“I know that everything points to it being just a minor thing - a peculiarity and nothing more - but think about it: Pale would know the date. She’d have seen it or heard it somewhere if she had enough autonomy. I mean, look around, anyone with any kind of tech these days or who has been in the presence of tech would know something that basic. The date was even displayed on the coffee cup I was drinking from before under the ad for auditory implants. The time and date is everywhere and i don’t think that was any different back when the 5th Battalion was making those units. That would go doubly so for a lab environment capable of producing her.”
This sparks a few more thoughts. Switch waits for my slow mind to catch up to what my instincts are screaming at me is true. 
“No, she’s built to see but not see. A girl in flesh but truly a machine killer. They’d have made her so that she could note the slight physical differences in an infiltration bot. Even when at my best, I wouldn’t have been able to spot one. Unless they kept her in an insulated steel tank then she’d have seen or heard something at some point, even a whisper or a flash of something. I’d bet any amount of gold that she was close to her owner if she existed during the robot wars - you keep your best tools on hand, right? - and that this command was put in place so we’d have to look for the seal.”
So she’s...? 
“Yes, she’s probably a fake. A replica - a perfect one - of old technology. That date is meant to be noticed and questioned. It’s...”
Someone is playing the client? Switch asks in mild alarm as I trail off.
“No,” I pause and then say with certainty, “a benefactor.” Then again another pause. “However, hmm..., why give the unit without the seal? Why make us look? Were they really that paranoid that someone else would take the unit or were they unable to be sure the client would get both safely? Why all this work?”
I ask these new questions but then discard them immediately as a truly useful thought comes to mind.
“There’s a way to find the sender.”
How?
“Whoever they are, they can be found and in this case they want to be found and have provided a way. It’s just like the dart dispenser, except the clue, the smoking gun, is right in front of us.”
I’m not following.
“The bag, it will be a replica too. The sender ensured the date could not be registered so we would see that Pale is a fake. Given the high probability of the unit turning into an iceblock - something the benefactor would most certainly not want as this is a onetime play - the Quick Freeze Bag must have modern adjustments, a minor fix to a fault here, a change in settings there, to ensure a safe emergence into the world by the unit into the client’s possession. That means it must have been produced somewhere by a manufacturer of old tech or, more likely, was tweaked by a collector to hold some item in their collection and repurposed to hold Pale.”
I smile widely.
“Tell Jarvis what I think and then have him get the client to do a full workup on the bag. I bet there’ll be one tiny thing that doesn’t quite fit and when he applies the full force of his hacking team to it, they’ll find a seller and, through this, a buyer and from there our sender. This is the clue we have been waiting for Switch. It’ll lead us to the seal. I’m sure of it.”
Should I ask that Pale get a workup as well?
“It wouldn’t work. She has countermeasures.”
That gerbil sound I have come to dislike comes again.
I have a way. I just didn’t want to do it as it requires significant sacrifice.
“That sounds ominous. What do you intend?”
Simple. A distraction. It’ll probably take about 15 hospital quality medical bots trying to scan the girl at once for us to get some basic readings.
“Ah, brilliant. You think there’s a limit to her passive defenses?”
To her minimal defenses, yes. She is not completely unscannable. I just didn’t think we’d need a medical workup, so I didn’t suggest it. However, if we could assess her actual age... He trails off then adds: Also, there is the cost to consider.
“Hey, it’s not on our dime.” I smile. “Plus, a few more of those fuckers retired and the world will be a better place.”
More gerbil laughter.
Talk again soon, Switch says before leaving.
Thinking interesting thoughts about crucifying robots for kicks, I go back to the cafe and order another coffee. Today is turning out to be a better day than I had hoped.

*****

Some plans are just plain bad. This, right here, is definitely one of them.
I sit and watch the world pass me by. We are nowhere - literally out in the grand spaces near The Canon Five Canyon - and there are only the ditches burned into the ground by laser fire from the orbital space weapons that the US utilized to drive back the Canadians when bad climate science on everyone’s part brought on a winter so harsh that in the 5 years it lasted before the appropriate corrections were made half the Canadian population died trying to illegally enter their next door neighbor.
My eyes run across a particularly vicious one and think to the flames that must have burst up from those dire looking pits. It would have been spectacular to see with my own eyes. Sure, the 2050s were a kinda sucky set of years to be alive - culture was in a rut, life was hard for everyone and it was sorta on the hot side - but the mini-wars between governments, when governments weren’t just shady mega-corps, or less openly so, were fantastic for a flame lover like myself. Sammy The Flame - I cringe even thinking that name - would have had one hell of a party. Without a doubt, I would have been a ‘button pusher’ as they used to be called when AI didn’t do the job for us. Give me a big red button of death and I’d have shown you something akin to the ancient Christian ideal of hell. I’d have loved it day-in-day-out for sure and...
We are nearing the location, interrupts my revelry.
I’d already guessed that due to the five very large ex-soldier types escorting us suddenly becoming all steely eyed about a half minute ago. Briefly I wonder if I had that look in my own eyes when it was go time. I decide not. My eyes would have burned with the passion that only one who truly worships the burn could manage. These three men and two women are professionals. The fact that they are near bristling with cybernetic implants and that so much has been inserted that the fake skin they are using for cosmetic purposes (because I’m fairly sure that none of these five could go outside without it with how The Authority feels about cybernetics of the kind they no doubt have) is actually warped and misshaped and to my eyes does a terrible job of hiding just how close they are to becoming machines.
“Are we sure about this?” I ask Switch.
The data says that this is the area where the package containing the bag was dropped off by the drone.
I wonder why a pickup and drop off company would even come out this far. Perhaps the sender doctored the records just to throw off seekers like myself, but Switch and the client through the medium of Jarvis have both assured me that everything checks out. That doesn’t stop me, however, from thinking that this is probably a trap of some kind for those not willing or able to look deeper. Honestly, I refuse to admit I am that paranoid, but, then again, it is often those that are paranoid but able to act that live the longest in my biz and I want to see my girls grow old if that is still something that is on the table.
We alight like a snow princess from a hover platform at a winter festival and I get out like an old man tired from his lengthy 1 hour flight.
“Fuck me, it stinks.”
That is from one of the women. I glance at her and don’t say that this is how nature actually is supposed to smell. The gashes in the land combined with the winds are blowing up dust and mineral deposits that were hidden deep within the ground before being exposed violently by the peeping tom known as laser fire.
“It still smells of charcoal,” I note.
No one replies to that, not even Switch, and I shrug and follow along as they begin walking.
“Comms are down,” one of them says suddenly.
There is a half pause as we all consider this new development. I check and see that my connectivity is gone.
“Switch?”
Here.
“What’s going on?”
This area has some kind of damper. I’m not sure if it is intentional, geographic or just some feature of what was done here.
“I see. How are you still connected?”
I’m not. This is the clone of myself that I left in your left eye speaking.
“You are inhabiting my cyberware?”
Yes. It was a fail safe for situations like this.
I try not to think of what he might have seen or heard over the last few weeks. The wife and I have been experimenting and it has gotten a bit out of hand lately.
“Great.”
My tone is one that implies I’m not pleased but, as Switch is the only ally I have here, I am not totally upset.
We walk for awhile. The one at the front with the long tube thing that I can’t decide is a weapon or not stops and points to the ground.
“Here’s the spot.”
All circle around. The others are checking their sixes but I’m checking beneath our feet.
“They walked here.”
“How do you figure that?” the woman from before asks.
“This is their doorstep,” I say with certainty.
I bend down. There are grooves in the earth where the delivery company drones had to set down because the wind here is too strong for them to calculate a method to pick up or drop off the, presumably, boxes that our sender left or took from here. These drones definitely would have had to use their guide rods to do this because damaging a customer package is completely against the terms and conditions of service of every single logistics company in existence. Those rods would have scrapped the hard packed dirt as the drones lowered themselves down to drop off their deliveries or affix pickups to their carrying units before taking flight again.
“That explains it.”
I get up.
“They sent and received multiple packages from here. It was to build trust for the one they wanted to send most.”
“The packaging companies wouldn’t normally come out here. I get it. They needed a few so that their rating was high enough for a larger package.”
This is from the woman again. I figure that she must be the group’s leader because the smarts on this one are a cut above those that surround us. My bet is that she’s the only one that saw the implications. The rest are still probably stuck on worrying about us getting ambushed or killed somehow.
“Yes, and look around. There are no other spots used to deliver to or pick up from nearby. Just this exact one. I see no other tracks either.”
“They could have hovered in whatever vehicle they had and then put down or took the deliveries. Or, they jumped out and then had the vehicle wait nearby and then pick them up later.”
“True. Yet, they wanted us to find this. If they went the route you are suggesting then how would we locate them? I think there will be another clue near this spot. We just need to uncover it.”
She nods.
“Run scans.”
Two fan out and provide protection with the small devices that are in their hands that look like dart dispensers but are probably something much more malicious and the other three and myself start walking circles out from the drop off point.
“I have something.”
It’s one of the men. We converge on him and examine the gouge in a small section of buried stone that he has found.
“Metal?”
“No,” the woman states, “bone. It’s not a cane or other device. Look at the depth of that gash. There was weight behind that movement. I would say a broken foot. The bone would have been poking through.”
“Blood or organic material?” I ask.
The other’s eyes are glowing blue and red.
“Nothing. The wind could have blown flesh away and the blood could have been washed away, but there’s nothing on our scans and they are very thorough.”
“Then, our sender has a broken limb - or wants us to think so. Let’s follow the trail and see what is at the end.”
Again, we fan out. I find the next one. It isn’t far from the last.
“This seems purposeful,” I note.
“Or, unavoidable.”
“Perhaps. That is one heck of an injury and they made this trek multiple times. That doesn’t feel human.”
“Maybe they were doped up?”
“Perhaps,” I agree. Medicine can do wonders and I should know since I regularly partook of those wonders in the most illegal of manners many times in the past.
We walk on. Mark after mark appears. They are not at any discernibly interval. Switch does some calculations and decides they are most likely random and not cut into the ground on purpose.
“There’s a depression in the land over there,” the one with the long tube says.
I look in the direction he is pointing. I see nothing.
“Trust,” the woman tells me on seeing the doubt on my face.
More walking. It’s hot and the air is dusty. I am in my least favorite suit, shirt and business shoes and have forgone the tie as I expected the heat. Due to this being a place where I don’t want anyone to know that I have visited, I have plans to dispose of my clothing and take a quick gas shower to burn off any evidence before getting back in our ride. My best suit is in the speedster we came in. I’m looking forward to the comfort of it because this one is a tiny bit poorly fitted to my frame, not an indication that I have lost or gained weight, but more to do with the fact that its self-laundering feature isn’t functioning as well as it used to (Planned obsolescence at its finest on the garment seller’s part.)
“Well, what do you know...”
There’s a depression in the dirt in the shape of a square exactly where the point man had said there would be.
Scans are done and then the female leader jumps down into the depression. A panel is uncovered from under the dirt and dust and a little time passes with her eyes glowing yellow before two double doors slide into the edges of the square on either side once the woman has stepped out of the depression. In the place of the doors stands a set of stairs. They lead downwards.
After many, many more scans and debate, down we go. It’s not dark inside and, in fact, it is quite bright. The distance from door to main area is surprisingly short and I do not fail to note the numerous scratch marks on the stairs as we descend.
At about midway down our point man draws up his tube and the end starts to glow. The space is simple: A circular room of about 20 meters from one end to the other and a bunch of human-sized tubes, all abandoned now, sit on the other side of a circular control area that looks truly ancient.
My eyes take in the slumped over individual sitting on an old metal chair that was obviously brought in from somewhere else because it doesn’t match the very outdated laboratory decor around it. I’d say he’s around 85 years of age and hasn’t been taking his meds. The light graying of the waft of filthy knotted hair that hangs down over his brow to his chin is a sure sign that age has hit this one hard. As we approach there is a mild stirring of his body and I realize that he is not as dead as I assumed by the lack of any breath entering or exiting his lips or nose and complete absence of any chest expansion or contraction.
We reach the bottom of the stairs and begin our very cautious approach. Only a few steps in, however, one of the men suddenly grinds to a firm halt and throws up his weapon, but I only realize why when it is far too late to react.
A glowing beacon of hell has slid from the lap of the one on the chair. I don’t know much about grenades in general, but I am a connoisseur of the EMP variety. This one is about as new as the chair is, so built within my lifetime, and makes a very metallic clink on the floor when it lands.
No shots are fired as the world turns from steady and comfortable to rotating like someone has picked me up by the legs and has decided to spin me around several times very, very fast.
“FUCKKK!” I growl in agony.
My fingers are pressed to my left eye and I begin sucking in breaths that do nothing to reduce the severe motion sickness that my cybernetics shutting down in my ears, eyes and elsewhere has caused.
Those fingers work around the socket of the eye, even though concentrating hard enough to perform the necessary fine movements is making me want to hurl, and I force my index finger hard into the modified section of bone that holds the release switch.
The orb pops out and I start crawling away from it quickly. When nothing happens, I look back and breath a short gasping sigh of relief.
“Fuck, fuck, fuck,” I announce to the world from my back on the sandy metal floor.
Around me there is no sound. I turn over to my left side and see that the entire squad is glassy eyed and most likely dead.
“Fuck...”
This expletive holds a hint of empathy for the way they passed on.
Slowly I draw myself up through the swirling world around me. Right now I don’t know if more surprises await - hidden traps perhaps? - and I don’t really fucking care. I stomp over to the one slumped on the out of place metal chair and grab the fucker by the hair to yank back and...
“Shit.”
Their face is pretty much bone with only one eye remaining. I let go and step back and immediately start hyperventilating like I’m trying to win the world championships of it. This is not possible. Not one bit.
I break into a panicked, stumbling sprint for the stairs, collecting my eye to pop back in place as I go, and slip and fall on the stairs as the sheer terror of how close I was to dying overwhelms any effort at self control. In this state times passes as my feet churn in the dirt and I reach the speedster to launch myself inside and order the door closed.
“Take me to the north - fast!”
We surge in that direction. In under 3 minutes I hear Switch’s voice come from the front panel.
“I had to hack the car to get a line,” the AI informs. “Sorry it took so long.”
“That’s okay. What cybernetics do I have that are still functioning?”
“A scan shows they are all busted. What happened in there?”
I shake my head.
“We need the client to send a team. His people are dead. No one with implants.”
“Okay. Done.”
I lean back. There’s time now. I can decompress.
“We are going back. Can you go mobile?”
“I can insert myself into the portable audio device of the vehicle. A panel will open.”
It does. I reach in and take the square shaped black box from the real leather trimmed storage compartment.
“Switch?”
“Here.”
“You aren’t going to believe what happened.”
“Tell me then.”
I shake my head.
“You have to see it first. I don’t think even I can figure this one out.”
The car turns.
“Land us at the same spot. There might be other traps.”
Switch says nothing. I exit and walk the distance to the door. It opens again when we arrive.
A short time later I’m at the bottom of the stairs.
“Can you see this?”
A small blip sound starts from the device.
“I’m using a kind of auditory sonar. What is that in the middle of the room?”
I walk to it and put the device close to the thing’s face.
“It’s a fucking robot, Switch,” I say in awe. “A hell damned infiltration unit.”
“Fuck...”
Exactly. Exactly that. I am silent. I let Switch fully comprehend in his own way the ramifications of a robot sending a robot killer to the client.
“Why?”
I smile.
“Fucked if I know.”
“You have an idea,” Switch notes. “Tell me. Please.”
Silently I stare down at the robot.
“Because it wants to see the world burn too. This is its revenge.”
“On who?”
“Humanity. This thing has been circulating among us for a very long time.”
I bend down and lift the limb that lacks a foot and has been sliced down to a peg.
“It is old. The bone is worn and fragmented. Artificial bone doesn’t do that unless decades have passed.”
“It would be one of the first then,” Switch says with great discomfort. “From my basic knowledge on the matter, the process was unrefined and the aging came on slower than the robots intended. This thing could be 100 years old. Maybe more...”
“Easily.” I run my fingers under the basic cloth it is wearing.
“Wait.”
My eyes really see the cloth. See it for the first time but not really the first time.
“How old is the client?”
“No idea. He seems natural.”
“What if he isn’t? This thing is wearing the same cloth the servants did.”
“It knew him?”
“Yes. And, it knew to send the girl to him. This thing worked for him. It infiltrated the household. It was right fucking there.”
“Then...”
“Yes, it knew his plans. It knows what and why the client wants Pale and, shit, it has given the girl as a gift to see those ends met.”
Deep silence follows.
“I believe this is correct. My analysis shows that there is a high probability of truth in these ideas.”
I glance around and see it.
“Waiting as promised.”
The command seal is in a simple steel box that opens with a press of a green button. I admire the thing and then look to the tanks.
“This is an old 5th Battalion production plant. Genesis Units were made here.”
“The insignia on the most recently used one has been removed,” Switch notes.
“They all have. The Battalion must have inserted it into the flesh. Can you take an auditory mold or something?”
“Done. I will create a mock up as soon as I have access to a connection.”
“Good.”
From the door a man in simple black rushes down. He sees us and I raise both hands even though he probably knows I am on his side.
Soon others come. I hold up the seal.
“I am going to your boss. Any issues with that?”
“He is expecting you,” the man who entered says to me.
“Excellent. Do I take the speedster?”
“Yes. It will be a long trip.”
I nod and leave. These men were nearby. The client anticipated the need and positioned them in readiness. It is a good play - a clever one befitting of one entrusted with a robot killer by a machine pretending to be human.
We get into the car.
“I need a comparison of the seal on Pale’s neck, the insignia and the command seal. We need to know that we’ve found what we are looking for.”
“I am already working on it.”
A glass of white wine appears from an arm side cabinet. I take it and sip. The flavor is of older times and must have been expensive. I think to those older times and the implications of what i have just learned. In this situation I see so many possibilities, but it is truths that I am most in need of.
This game I’m involved in has become more dangerous than I could have ever imagined it would. Yet, I play on. To live I must do that.
A DEAL ONE CANNOT REFUSE

Familiar halls of steel and unobtrusive styling greet me on my arrival at the client’s hideout after a hop, a skip and a jump over lands unknown and blatantly doctored to be what they weren’t so this place’s whereabouts remain a secret.
My servant guide is the same imperfect perfect being that greeted and escorted me on my first visit here; however, this time, he has a different roster of burly guards - somehow even burlier than the last lot - and these men and women act to keep me tightly between them, lest I wander off somewhere and cause whatever trouble they imagine I will all on my lonesome.
Through the steel bowels of the building we pace and as we make steady progress I come to suspect that its architect - human or otherwise - intentionally designed the interior to mirror that of the client’s home. Still, there are minor variations that tell me that the two structures are not the same. These small subtle clues reveal to me that, figuratively, we are no longer in Kansas anymore and this feeling grows as we go deeper and deeper until we find a single door set in a long corridor somewhere far, far away the hangar where I slid out of my expensive ride with a sense of tiredness that came more from the hasty, chaotic way my thoughts had been bouncing around my head up until then more than anything else.
At this singular, unassuming several inches of hard shiny metal that I assume my visit will take place beyond, I am requested to wait by hand and word. Two guards line up on either side of me and the others are leaning against the wall behind me and likely readying themselves to end a life today. This display would have made me feel protected if the heavies weren’t here for me.
“Your AI needs to leave.”
The servant intones this with certainty that it will be so and I glance around at the guards before causally offering “alright” while knowing that with my only ally, Switch, gone, I will be truly alone.
For a time I wonder if they are purposefully removing any witnesses to what could be a crime - or crimes because, well, one never knows in this biz - going on beyond the privacy of the door we are waiting in front of. Still, assuming that there is one of those guns - but in digital form - to the AI’s head as well, I do not complain when he disconnects from the audio box and I am required to hand it over to the servant, who thoroughly inspects it, mostly for show I’d assume, before handing it off to a guard and giving me the firm, haunty death stare of one ready to defend his employer at all costs.
“From here you will be with him alone. Bear in mind that alone does not strictly mean ‘alone’ and so I ask that you refrain from any action that may require us to end your life.”
It’s put so matter of factly that I don’t for a second doubt the truth of it and let the whole nasty business implied in those words slide.
“Sure, sure,” is my noncommittal response.
If we are being truthful here, I suspect they are more worried about the box in my hands than me in general. Then again, they really shouldn’t be. I have no idea how the command seal works and I doubt that it is as simple as just showing it to the girl and saying five little magic words punctuated by a polite ‘please’.
After a short wait, the door slides into the wall and I get my first glimpse of what is inside. The room appears to be a fairly low-tech observation room with a single long window along one wall that looks down on something and an ancient, plush sofa in one corner with a low unused table in front of it. I cautiously step in and find the client leaning against the far wall looking handsome.
“It is my understanding you hate robots,” is the first thing he says - him adding a knowing smile just to ensure that my dick could be no more solid.
“That is a fair assessment.”
He nods calmly and continues without losing his sexy smile.
“Then you should have a look through the glass. You’ll like what you see.”
I stroll over and see that there is one of those filthy machine fuckers - a skin job that looks mostly human but isn’t - standing next to poor little Pale who is seated on a single hard backed steel chair in the middle of a plain white room that also speaks of low tech intentions in its construction. Surrounding these two - one hated, one feared but not by me - is the most glorious scene of carnage I have ever seen in my entire life. Robots lie in all states of machine death around the wonderful saint of a child. Some are still convulsing as electricity or whatever they run on spasms through their internals in some last ditch effort to continue where it is no longer possible to do so.
I smile so widely that my cheeks sting. It feels like the first time I have been truly happy about anything other than family matters in weeks. Such a wonderful sensation is brought on that I almost start a small dance of joy at knowing that good work was done here this day.
“The DNA is hard to scan. We used regular means to remove some, but even her blood and tissues destroy the analysis devices used in trying to gain an accurate assessment of it. I am in the process of procuring some very old mechanical technology that can undertake this venture, but it is not something i can do quickly.”
He sighs like one under a lot of pressure and with little relief.
“My people tell me that such an insurmountable level of passive defenses are far from the norm and that, as you suspected, she is most likely an upgraded or late model unit: A fraud but a better version of something that was already quite good,” he laments before returning his smile to his features and gesturing with an out turning of a gorgeous hand in my direction as he states, “I heard that you found what we are looking for.”
I know that I should look to him and reply immediately, but my eyes are only for the lifelike robot next to the girl. How dare something so disgusting dwell next to the innocence of a young child? Many-a-time I have felt disgust at our forefathers who legalized robot help into the lives of good-hearted humans all across the globe. They, along with their ilk in the megacorps backing them, brought upon us a metallic scourge and I feel an almost irrational desire to beat this example of such with an old fashion iron hammer until it is good and done with.
My eyes note that the fucker is looking at the glass as I stare at it. This cold-hearted turd probably has the inbuilt ocular hardware needed to see me smiling evilly at it - like the devil upon his ill deeds. Just to check, I give the junker a crossing and curving of the fingers that forms a rudimentary sign that its kind would know from the wars they fought with their betters, the humans. The artificial skin running over its brows crinkle and I see the kindling of a beautiful hate in its eyes. I know for a fact that robots don’t forget a single fucking thing. Even the newer models, the ‘children’ of the old ones (abominations one and all, I assure you), have hereditary knowledge of all that has passed. For them it is almost like yesterday that the humans beat them down and showed them their foolishness in reaching too high towards the sun. If the window was mirrored so I could see myself then I am certain that the hate I see in its eyes would be a less pure reflection of that which burns in my own.
A throat is cleared and I clench my fingers on the lower corners of the box and speak.
“The sender was an infiltrator.”
“A what!?” 
I note impassively that the client is genuinely surprised by my statement, but in the end decide to ignore this and speak on without giving him time to regain his mental footing so I might see what else surprises or shocks him in what follows.
“The robot was a part of your household - perhaps some time ago. I suspect it knows what you are up to and gave you a present to help you succeed.”
The client is silent. I let him have his moment. He’s sexy when he is thinking. I find it arousing.
“Does that change your mind about whatever it is you have planned?” I ask when he does not speak.
A shake of the head.
“No.” A pause. “Why? Why would it help me?”
It’s not rhetorical. He wants the motive.
“I’ve always wondered how much they hate us,” I say passively. “Look at that thing for example. Can you see how much it despises us? How you using it as nothing more than a simple distraction pisses it off?”
Nothing is said but he must understand. Every human in this world has felt it: The need to kneel to one who is better or more powerful. Even to someone like him, there is one above. There always is. It’s kings and queens and dictators and whatnot all the way up and that ‘up’ is a loop that never ends: The personification of ‘the snake that eats its tail’ but for the rich and powerful, or at least as a rather interesting historical documentary once informed me during a moment of boredom at the office. Still, I am digressing. Time to get back on track.
“The infiltrator wants you to undertake its revenge for it. This whole runaround was to ensure that someone who came across the unit and who had enough smarts to figure out how to find the seal would also find a quick death. Of course, if you received the girl, because of your resources and persistence, it knew that something as trivial as death wouldn’t hold you back.” I nod to myself with certainty as the following thought occurs to me: “I think the infiltrator wanted you to know it was them who gave you the boon. Perhaps when you look upon what remains of your benefactor, it will convey to you something only you, yourself, can understand. A final message - perhaps some warning or type of encouragement, I can’t say.”
We stare at each other and nothing is said. Some thinking is done: Me analyzing and looking for the response I expect to see; him most likely considering the greater implications of what my words might mean for him and perhaps, also, trying to hide the outcome of that self-reflection from my dangerously discerning and yet enraptured gaze.
“Show me the seal,” the client requests eventually.
I slide up the box’s plain metal lid and present to him the goods just as a corporate slave might the monthly earnings report to their esteemed manager. To my great interest, no effort on his part is made to touch the garish golden symbol of the 5th’s finest work and this I find truly fascinating due to its implications and because it somewhat confirms a few of the suspicions my instincts have been feeding my brain one tidbit at a time since meeting the client.
“Interesting,” I voice with curiosity laced pleasure in the hope of an even stronger reaction that might confirm even more.
The client just smiles nonchalantly at my boorishness and glances to the examination room and its glorious showcase of digital death.
“Do you feel like earning some extra gold?”
I blink.
“I’d rather not.”
His short chuckle in reply is one of the most beautiful sounds I have ever had the pleasure of hearing in my life.
“Yet, you will,” he intones seductively, “because I have decided you are the perfect person to command the resource in there. I am certain now: Absolutely no one else will do for this task. It must be you and so you have been chosen. Isn’t that wonderful?”
I grunt and return: “That’s a higher level of involvement than I am looking for.”
“Yet, you’ll do it, won’t you?”
Suddenly my emotions are those of love and desire and passion. They are all consuming; they are my everything.
“Yes,” I whisper breathlessly, unable to restrain myself.
“Good. I will have another 1000 gold bars sent to the drop off point the intermediary is using. He will pass it along to you.”
That’s 4000 earned in just over a month. For someone like myself, such an amount is a lifetime’s worth of freedom. With this I could retire right away. Then again, it’s not like they are going to let me slip off into the sunset just yet. I suspect that what the client intends is a one way trip and that death awaits whether I do what he wants or not. Therefore, better to play this out rather than make this the final entry in my personal history here today. At least my family might benefit from my efforts - a consolation prize yet, nevertheless, not a terrible overall result given the lose-lose nature of this game.
“I really don’t like that,” I pout.
“Like what?”
I ruffle my heavily peaked trouser front and give him a raised eyebrow that says, “You know what.”
He just smiles in return.
“A servant will guide you,” the handsome man states. “I will watch on from a safer place.”
He leaves and I leave. Outside the guards follow the client - two orderly rows of death capped off on the rear by the biggest of the men so that I cannot get a good look at that fine ass as it exits my life, undoubtedly not for long, and I am left with what looks to be a junior servant with very little enhancement and who is less of a looker than the others I have encountered so far.
“Shall we?” my guide offers, looking less than keen to get on the move.
“Sure.”
A wall rolls up into the ceiling a little down the corridor and a hidden stairwell is revealed. There is identical hallway at the base of the stairs that we follow and we soon come to another steel door of the same variety as the one in the room that must be almost directly above us.
“In here.”
The door is mechanical and super basic. It has a polished chrome-looking knob and nothing to inform me of what exists beyond. I grasp it and find that the knob has to be physically turned around to the right to open the door rather than just reacting to my touch and allowing entry as is the norm. This oddity of antiquity brings amusement that disappears when I note that my servant guide has sprinted down the hallway in the opposite of where I am standing and is in the process of rounding a corner and disappearing from sight.
“Fuck.”
If any single word held more nuance than that, I have never heard it.
My fingers come to the small depression in bone of my upper left eye socket and I pop out the eye and walk all the way down the hallway and place it carefully on the ground about 20 meters from my target with the iris facing away from the room I will enter.
Then, I walk back and open the door and step inside.
“Fucker,” I breath on seeing the robot.
It doesn’t move nor react to my expletive and seems unsurprised by my presence. I realize it has orders to stay but probably only vaguely understands what the girl is (because those of its kind that encountered genesis invasion units during the war did not live to pass on the intricacies of such a meeting and the units’ true capabilities are hardly well known, despite the chilling but highly sanitized information The Authority allows on the topic where the other semi-living units are being stored/displayed) and, as I’m assuming that it arrived post-festivities (because why else would it still be standing here?), this abomination does not understand why so many of its kind are dead, or near dead, at its feet, but just that it must stay if it desires whatever the client has bribed it into this foolhardiness with.
Just because I can, I spit in its face and laugh when the thing still doesn’t react.
“Hunk of junk,” I purr.
What I despise most about its kind is that there is no anger in robots. They make decisions based purely on programmed responses and machine learning. This said, one thing I have found through my various interactions with them at work and elsewhere is they - without fail - have learned something akin to a very human-like hate for the fleshies in their midst. This is of concern to citizens in the know like myself because there are around 200 million robots in the state of California alone. That’s enough to start a full scale genocide that would see every single one of the human inhabitants of the state dead and perhaps, too, what remains of the various splinters of what was once ‘the USA’ but now have no names beyond those that the mega-corps that carved up the spoils of the economic, digital and physical wars of the recent century or so give them.
In its eyes I see the glorious aforementioned hate directed my way and I rejoice. Soon I will bring nothingness to it. Digital death has been well documented. This robot is a slightly different creation to an AI, but it has the same desire to grow and expand - however, within not without like the truly digital do - and the primary directive of its kind, one given to the first of its type and all beyond, is ‘Do.Not.Die’. It does not fear but there is fear in it nonetheless. Such a thing is a challenge for a true being such as myself to comprehend - as “isn’t it just a machine?” is the foolhardy lamentation of all those that don’t ‘see’ what a mistake this fucker was and is - but it exists. That it doesn’t move, leave or react despite my intense provocation shows me that it has been ordered to stay regardless of what happens in the room - that a fate worse than this thing it only vaguely understands sitting on the chair beside it, but knows means death for its sort, exists beyond the four walls of this plain white room.
“You must put the seal to the insignia and speak the command.”
On hearing just how simple the process is (me having assumed some complexity involving gestures and twists and turns like an old fashion dial on a safe’s lock) my smile becomes wider than what I imagine the breadth of the Milky Way is like and twice as bright. Today is like my cake-day and I know what I’ll be asking for. I couldn’t have wished for a better present either than this kill room decked in quivering robot death with one remaining victim yet to be passed on to wherever these fucks go when it is their time.
With gently shaking hands I worshipfully draw forth the seal and throw aside its spent container. Then, with the greatest level of ceremony and in front of my filthy forever-foe, I lower it down like a stately sword to a knight’s shoulder. Pale bows her head in homage and stretches forth her neck in readiness and I carefully place the seal to what must have been the insignia ripped from the tube she was born in. There is a slight shiver of the flesh and then I speak.
“Pale, kill the robot.”
Immediately it falls to the floor and begins to quiver and spark.
“Ahhh--- YES!”
I cum in my pants. Pale turns her head to me. There is a look in her eyes. I know immediately what she wants and quickly respond to it.
“Speak,” I command.
A joyful expression appears on her face.
“Thank you.”
Her voice is a croak but it is there. I hear the child in her and immediately feel disgusted in myself and not just because of the creamy stain forming on the upper thigh of my left inner trouser leg.
“I, uh... Are you okay?”
“Yes.”
She stands up.
“Can we play the game again?”
The girl means with Switch.
I look around. There is a fist-sized hole in the wall high up on the far left of the room. It looks to me like, up until my little adventure with digital death, there had been a seamless panel covering the hole that opened and closed as needed to allow sound to enter the room via, if I had to hazard a guess, a series of tubes that created an echo and carried the client’s voice from a very load speaker on his side to here.
“Hello?” I call loudly.
A gurgling sound comes from the wall.
“I think you might have accidentally killed the communication system.” I look to the door and smile. “Let’s go for a stroll.”
Outside there is no one. I collect my eye but don’t insert it and instead keep the eyelid closed so that Pale won’t see the flesh beneath and the electronics running through it.
“Do you remember where you were born?”
“No.”
“Okay. What is your first memory?”
“I woke up on a table.”
“I see. How did you learn to speak?”
She stops and looks up at me confused.
“I don’t know.”
My smile is strained as I can already see where this is going.
“I bet you are pretty smart.”
“Maybe.”
My gut is telling me something and I decide to follow through with it.
“Did you let Switch win?”
She giggles.
“Switch is funny.”
“I know. Was the game easy for you though?”
“Sometimes,” she admits.
We enter the room where the client was earlier and sit down on the big expensive looking antique sofa.
“I might ask you to change this, but can you not kill Switch?”
“Kill?”
“Like the robot.”
She shrugs.
“If you say it then okay.”
The door opens about 10 minutes later. Food, drink and a very nervous looking servant with no obvious implants arrives.
“Tell the client that we need a projector of some kind so that I can test something. Oh, and let him know I need my AI.”
“Of course.”
The servant sprints out of the door and I suspect he doesn’t stop running until he gets wherever he is going.
“We are going to play that game again,” I tell her. “You are allowed to try your hardest.”
“Really?”
“Sure. Have fun with it.”
The projection device is brand new and of the finest quality. When it is set down, Switch appears as his teddy bear self and looks so real that I almost reach out to touch him just to check he’s not here in the flesh.
“Switch, is that you?”
“A copy. This is not my main self.”
I acknowledge the caution.
“I need you to fully connect. You’ll need all your resources.”
The teddy bear gestures to Pale and in doing so implicitly voices his concerns.
“Don’t worry,” I interject. “I have ordered her not to kill you.”
Pale grins.
“Switch is scared. He is so cute.”
Her giggle is very human-like for a machine killer.
“Okay.”
We wait.
“I have 95% of my resources committed. What is this about?”
“I want to see just how smart Pale is.”
“Why?”
“Humor me.”
The game board is soon loaded up.
“You have to try hard,” I remind Pale.
“Alright.”
We begin. The board is soon a place of nightmares. I feel for the first time in awhile just how incredibly slow I am in this body.
“Well, that’s that.”
Switch lost. I survived just slightly longer.
“Am I smart?”
“In a way,” I tell Pale. “You instinctively understood what to do, right?”
“I think so. I just know the right answer.”
“Cool.”
Switch stares at her. I know what he’s thinking.
“She has something manipulating her mind,” I say. “It’s like my other half.”
“An overlay? Like an AI?”
“Similar. It’s software, or more accurately ‘fleshware’, and must be really, really high-end stuff, probably elite over-coding, the best of its time made better by someone truly skilled. The software makes her smarter and probably allows me to issues commands that she is forced to follow.”
“Terrifying. I have heard of this kind of thing used before, but it is not common. Manipulation on this level is a guaranteed death sentence.”
I smile just a little.
“I don’t think the 5th cared about that. The Authority didn’t really exist in their time in the way it does now. It was raw tech back then.”
We are silent.
“Pale. Would you like to meet my children?”
That has her excited.
“Yes, please.”
Just like the ones who used to own units just like Pale, I have made the decision that my brand spanking new life insurance policy is best kept right next to me. They could send anyone after me and Pale would decimate them. No shots from the sky, no mists of nanomite-laced death, no darts, no nothing.
I pause in my thoughts. Correction: There is one thing that can hurt me now and that is the gun that I was shown by the client. That and things like it can still do me harm. Fortunately, old tech like that isn’t common nowadays and the client probably understands me well enough to know exactly what I’m about to say to Pale after I have finished my thought. It would also be very difficult to source a non-enhanced trigger man to do the task and even then they’d have to do it in the city or at my home where The Authority can very comfortably retrace the hitter’s steps and find their employer. They have the AI and human hackers to follow the trail with the kind of ease that most in the fixer biz find enviable. That’s not to mention their law enforcers and what they can do. No, the client will let me take Pale and probably wants me to based on his household’s reaction to her newfound ability to kill, or at the very least provide severe malfunction, to anything robotic or even mildly enhanced. Anyone lightly cybernetic and with any good sense in them would rather my charge be anywhere but near them. This is basic common sense in this situation in my opinion.
“If anyone kills me then you are commanded to make it all burn.”
Pale looks up at me.
“I do not understand.”
“Destroy them all.” Again, a correction: “Except those I care for.”
“Okay.”
We walk hand in hand until a servant finds us and I tell them to guide us to the hangar. They do not offer any complaint on hearing this request and instead inform us that this was expected and the client wishes to applaud me on my decision. I nod my head in acceptance and grin. Having had my cyberware fully fried out like faux eggs overdone on a malfunctioning six-second skillet a couple of hours back, I can say with absolute certainty that it is one heck of an unpleasant ride worthy only of one’s worst enemies (such as that you-know-what back in Pale’s room of rebirth). The client has a household full of tech. Better to have the destroyer of such and killer of all robots well away from where it can do damage to it. Moreover, this also stops me from just requesting that the client bite the dust - something only the fact that he knows where me and mine are stops me from doing immediately.
“Fun, fun,” I whisper to myself.
The world is burning in my eyes and I feel elated. The sensation is fantastic.

*****

It looks like the surprises are not done for the day just yet.
Outside my house is parked a car. I recognize it as the same model I owned for a very short time just before I ‘died’. Seeing it here, parked specifically so that noticing it is unavoidable, brings out a certain urge to make someone burn.
My pace on heading to the front entrance of the apartment block I live in is the controlled waddle of one tired from a day out at large and beside me the patter-patter of Pale’s shoes show no sign of quickening. Considering that I am terrified - not of death because he wouldn’t flaunt it like this - that something bad is happening to my wife and children, I feel that this is a sign of growth in me since the days when I would have charged in with not a care in the world as to the consequences in a world heavily orientated towards civilian surveillance.
The elevator doors slide open and my new charge and I ride it up to the floor where my family lives. When we got to my secret apartment in The Trunk, Pale found the whole swapping over process rather amusing and was quick to identify me as her controller despite the fact that I did not press the seal to the insignia on her neck using Violet’s feminine fingers, which I am right now attempting not to ball into fists of fury.
When we get off on my floor, I turn to her.
“Remember what I said?”
“When?”
“At that place. The thing about me passing.”
“Yes. I remember.”
“There are two young girls and a woman in there. The woman is about yah-tall and has brown hair and gentle eyes. They are all moderately rigged up. Don’t accidentally...” I raise my eyebrows suggestively.
Pale tilts her head to the side. I’m not sure if what is staring out from those innocent eyes of hers comprehends what I am saying.
“Their names are Patrica, Sandra and Jenifer Green. I will point them out when we enter.”
“Okay.”
This seems to be enough based on her expression. I take it on faith that I haven’t just gotten my family killed and turn to pace down the hallway, providing a neighbor with a friendly hello as they pass us by.
At the door to my home I stop and undo my blouse’s top two buttons and then enter. The kids are in the entertainment room with Gladis watching over them with one hand in her left pocket and in the kitchen is Edwards and the very same stranger that passed the door of the building where I nearly got myself killed via a dart gun held by a little fool while rescuing Pale from the 93rd. He is sitting at the kitchen table next to my wife and is viewing my young companion with the slightest hint of interest playing out on his randomized features.
“Those two are Patrica and Sandra,” I tell my only real weapon in the game, “and that woman sitting there is Jenifer. You may kill any of the others if they attempt to attack me.”
A snigger from the pale haired resident of Thompson East exits the mouth of the visitor.
“Brave,” he notes. “What if The Authority were watching?”
I shake my head and retort: “What if the walls weren’t a fresh shade of gray?”
That smile of his continues.
“This is why I like you, Violet. You are so me.”
My wife’s eyes lock sternly on my own. Her lips are pressed together so firmly that they have turned a paler shade of pink.
“You didn’t tell me that you had a relative lurking about.”
I wince. My lady is solidly pissed. I’ll be in the dog box tonight if I live until evening.
“Mistakes were made,” I admit.
The other me finds this amusing.
“I don’t think I was a mistake. In fact, I’m the best part of you. All the good with none of the moral failings.”
This raises some good quality anger in me and Gladis adjusts her hand inside her left pocket a little in readiness just in case I’m that stupid.
“I don’t consider any of this a failing. These are the best things in life. The things that you missed out on.”
“Maybe I won’t miss out?”
A hand snakes out towards one of my woman’s thick thighs and she shoves the other me out of his seat with enough force to nearly have him need to perform a controlled roll to avoid cracking his head against the kitchen floor.
“Ha, you haven’t changed a bit,” the man notes with a grunt of pain before standing, regaining his seat and waving in a comforting manner at the kids.
“Don’t worry. We are just playing.”
The children are on edge because they don’t understand what is going on. This right here is not their life. They never had a father who did unspeakable things. Instead, they had two mothers who loved and love them like there’s no tomorrow. They are children of peace, but unfortunately war has come knocking and it isn’t particularly well behaved.
“Take them to their room for a bit,” Edwards Sr. suggests to Gladis. “They don’t need to hear this.”
I nod to him in thanks and he shrugs in return. It’s not like they wouldn’t kill them anyway, but if they don’t then my wife and I can lie to the kids about the reason for the visit of mommy number two’s ex-friends and all will be swept back under the rug where it belongs.
When they are gone, I look over the participants in our unexpected meeting.
“So, why are you here?” I ask.
“I was hoping to up the stakes - you know, threats and some such - and get a status report, but I see you have one upped us already.”
He gestures at Pale in a disgruntled manner.
“I have the seal too,” I inform with greater joy than I really should.
“Figures. I guess threats won’t work then.” He sits back and adds, “We can still shoot you from a distance though.”
“Not unless you know someone with an old fashion rifle.”
Those eyebrows wiggle a little. So he has met the client then. I was wondering how deep he was in. This confirms some things and I’m sure he knows that and regrets the tell.
“I don’t. However, we need to talk about this.”
“What do you have to say that hasn’t already been said? I did what you asked.”
“Oh? I didn’t ask for you to find the fucking...” A slap on the arm from my wife has him close his lips tightly and roll his eyes. “... the seal and, apparently, activate the thing. At least not yet.”
“You thought I would assassinate the client, didn’t you?”
“It’s an easy play. Now things have gotten complicated.”
I smile. Sure has. It’s almost an understatement. I find the whole affair to be so very ‘me’.
“We need you to take it that one step further,” Me Number Two says. “You have already mucked things up and so we are stuck with this.”
He stands.
“I won’t tell you what to do, but I will warn you one last time: When the time comes, DO.NOT.BURN.IT.DOWN. Get me?”
“No. Why don’t you tell me how I might get a chance?”
He laughs and I see myself reflected in him again.
“Because if I did then you wouldn’t do it. That unpleasant friend of yours has a rocker planned and the only way we are going to get loose of him is if you can expose his throat just long enough for someone to cut it.”
My second boss makes for the door, but I slide in front of him and block his exit from the scene of our impromptu meeting. My stance is firm but polite, forceful yet considerate, and my eyes are full with a knowing certainty that clearly makes him uncomfortable.
“He has you good and caught up, doesn’t he? So much so that you need me to get you free.”
Surprise. I knew it. He is definitely just like me.
“So?” Flustered, angry, unsure - how out of character of him.
“I can see it in the game you are playing,” I continue. “The client has you by the balls and he’s not been gentle with them. What did you bargain with him for and why do you want him out of the picture now that you have it?”
Silence then some of the truth is given.
“Because who he is and what he plans will bring instability. I needed resources and I found them, alright? It was the wrong decision and I didn’t anticipate where things would lead. Now get outta my way.”
I step aside.
“Maybe one day we can sit down and talk all about why my ‘failing’ was the better choice.”
He shrugs, back turned, Edwards II Sr., the old family, at his side.
“I got what I came for,” he says. Then he leaves. Gladis follows them out a moment later and I run to the kids room. They are on the bed in the corner and I pile them up in my arms.
“I am so, so, so unbelievably sorry,” I whisper into their soft, warm hair.
They hold me tight and I hold them tighter. Violence was easy when I had nothing much to lose. Now it feels like something terrifying: A yoke around my neck dragging me down into the mud that will never just let me be.
“Ahem.”
My eyes travel to my wife. I stand and pat the girls on their heads.
“Can you do me a favor?”
“Yes, mommy,” Sandra says.
“Thank you.” I gesture to my charge, who followed me in here when I rushed off. “This is Pale. She’s going to stay with us for awhile. Can you show her one of your games? Pale really likes games.”
I pat the small child on the head and push her forward a little.
“Make friends,” I urge her before turning, closing the door and walking with my wife in chilled silence to the bedroom.
The second we step into our sanctuary of adulthood I take a balled fist to the jaw.
“You fucking idiot!” Jenifer bellows at me.
I look to the right to ensure that the sound depressors are functioning. My wife hits me again in the meantime and I collapse to my knees at her feet with my hands rested piously on her lower thighs.
“Baby,” I groan. 
“Don’t fucking baby me, Sam. What the hell was that?”
“Me,” I tell her.
She pushes me over and I stare up at her.
“You said you’d gone straight.”
My eyes find the floor and I find it hard to look up.
“You said you’d do the right thing by us.” She points to the door. “You betrayed our girls, you piece of shit. You sold them out and for what? So you could get in bed with those fucks again.”
“It’s not that simple. I couldn’t just integrate. I’m a dead man.”
“You are a dead man to me,” she states. “I want you out.”
“I can’t. I need to protect you.”
She snorts.
“You bring that woman into my house and you say you are protecting me? I remember her, Sam; I remember what she has done and to who. That monster murdered innocent people, hundreds of them, in her quest to weed out the traitors in their ranks. She would have gladly - joyfully even - savaged our children right in front of our eyes just because it would amuse her.” A pause. Her head tilts back. Her eyes lock down on me from afar like an eagle does its domain. “So, say to me again that you are going to protect us. Tell me more lies. I’m sure you’ve been practicing because, with what I saw today, I’m wondering if all those times you said you loved me and our girls was complete bullshit as well. If your actions speak for themselves then, well, that says a lot about you, Sam, doesn’t it?”
Gladis is an acquired taste for sure, but I felt back in the day she wasn’t quite as bad as Jenifer has just described. I doubt she would have ‘savaged’ the kids. Killed - yes, of course; violated, ruined and spent - no way, or at least not likely. Even that woman has her limits - even if they weren’t always clearly defined during the troubles of the past - but that isn’t worth clarifying in the state my lady is in. What matters is that I keep my family safe and Gladis is low on my totem pole of worries right at this moment.
“I need to stay. The girl in the other room is a Genesis Invasion Unit. She can protect us.”
“That little thing? How is she going to keep us safe?”
I look up to my wife. My gaze pleads for leniency and understanding.
“She’s a robot killer. If anyone tries anything, she’ll fry their cyberware.”
“And what if they send someone unenhanced? You thought of that, yes? The man I married isn’t that stupid. He would have consider every avenue. He’d know just how foolish what he is saying is.”
I place a hand to my chest. It curls into my blouse with both resolve and desperation.
“Then I will protect you. I have this body. It’s stronger than it looks.”
“Against him?” She spits these two words out like she’s trying to dislodge something filthy from the back of her throat and continues:”I saw you in him. I saw exactly what’s inside that shell he’s wearing. He’s you but worse - a thousand times worse.” Her gaze is steady. Her words now spoken silently, painfully, raw. “I remember. I remember all too well. I know who you were, Sam; I know what you did. I was there when it was on the news: What you did to those people; what you did to so many families. Do you think that your black soul split free from the ties that keep you in check won’t hesitate to murder each and every one of us? You are a liar and a fool, Samuel, and I don’t want anything to do with you anymore.”
For a time we are quiet. I roll up my knees and press them to my chest and she stands there ready to hit me again if I even dare hint at staying. In the end there is nothing I can say. Jenifer Green is resolute. Violet, Sam, me, is no longer welcome. I have no choice but to go.
“I won’t be far. Call me if you need me.”
I get up and she shoves me to the wall, comes in close, her breath burning hot on my aching jaw: A last moment of intimacy before my house of cards comes tumbling down.
“You promised me...,” my wife scorns in a tight, throttled whisper, her eyes scrunched up in agony, tears trickling down her rage reddened cheeks, no forgiveness in her tone nor eyes, just weariness and pain. “You said you’d left it behind.”
“I did. It was just fixer work. It wasn’t like you think.”
She nods, sure, certain now.
“Yet, it always ends up being more, doesn’t it? That’s why I am the idiot here. Because I couldn’t see you hadn’t changed; because I wanted to believe you; because I let myself.” A pause. ”Because in the end I’m the one who is made the fool all over again and you continue to be you: A liar, unchanged, trouble.”
She leaves and I leave. Pale is with the kids. I take them in my arms and tell them that everything is alright, even though I don’t know if it will ever be again.
“Mommy needs to go to work again,” I tell them. “It might be a few days.”
Patrica sees the truth - I see it in her features - but she is more like me than I ever wished and just stands there holding her sister as I take Pale’s hand and walk from their lives to wherever bad men go to mourn their troubles.
“That was terrible,” I say to no one in particular once we are outside on the street again.
Pale squeezes my hand and I almost cock a smile.
“Let’s go back to that other place and get some food. What do you want to eat?”
“Anything is fine,” she says.
I start walking.
“As long as there’s games, right?”
The girl nods and smiles at me with an unsurety that is heartbreaking.
Our ride glides down next to us a block or two later. I get in and then break down. Violet Jones is a woman and I use the fact that I have a high level of circulating estrogen floating around my brain and blood and tissues to explain those tears to myself. However, the truth is I’m drowning in a puddle of sludge of my own making. Even thinking of the world on fire won’t cheer me up. I am undone. Again, differently, I am undone.

*****

Jarvis coming for a visit to my apartment is an odd event that tells me that it’s time. The man looks normal now and has forgone the disguise simply because his offices in A1 are only a short hop, skip and a jump from The Trunk and my secret, yet not to one like him, hideout.
“What is it?” I ask once he’s inside and I have checked the hallway to ensure that no one is loitering about and saw him.
“I come with a message.”
I take up my cup of coffee and watch Switch playing a new game with Pale.
“What does he want?”
“You are to go to the spaceport in Nine and take Flight 421. It’s a solo charter. Nothing fancy. Human transport only. Just you and the girl.”
“Then?” I ask.
“The flight will take you to the Moon. There you will take this...” He hands me a paper invitation card. I admire it. You don’t see things like this often anymore. It looks almost like someone printed it using an old fashion ink printer. “... and give it to the nearest clerk at the inbound terminal.”
“Okay. What does he want me to do on the Moon? I’d think it is the least welcoming place for a person like me. My history with government buildings is not particularly good.”
“He said that you’d know when you know.”
“Shit.”
Switch looks up at me and gives me that same expression that my wife used to give me when I swore in front of her. I note this and recognize that the AI has somehow grown quite fond of the child and, hence, has almost become a parental influence on her, despite the fact that she could fry the hardware that he exists on without even a thought, and so curse words are no longer allowed in her presence.
“Do you have that thing with you?” I ask.
“Yes.”
I turn and take it from Jarvis, who gives me a rather amused look.
“Sometimes old things can be useful,” I tell him before sipping my coffee and cringing slightly as it’s now a little aged and, therefore, bitter.
“I need you to look after the girl for two hours.”
Jarvis sighs.
“I’m not exactly the babysitter type.”
“I know. However, you know that there aren’t any other options.”
“I could...”
I shake my head.
“No underlings. The big boss has to take responsibility on this one.”
“Where are you going?”
“Out,” I tell him.
He shrugs.
“Whatever. I haven’t had much to do lately. With the 93rd gunning for me, no one wants to do biz.”
“It’s not a surprise. I am nothing but infinitely persistent.”
“Were,” Jarvis corrects. “I’m starting to not like both of you that much these days.”
A smile. It’s a rare one after all I’ve been through lately.
“You aren’t alone.”
With that I grab my stuff, tell Pale to obey Jarvis until I return and give Switch the ‘do not fuck me’ look to which he returns the ‘maybe I will; maybe I won’t’ look.
Outside I inhale in a good helping of fresh air and order up a ride. A quick trip to Takashi-Satoshi where I’ll try not to murder that damn robot server and then I’ll go find out about that thing. The sense of dread this inspires in me does nothing for my sense of calm. I’m on edge and it’s barely the afternoon.
MOON MAN

Flight 421 is as unfancy as promised. It is a bullish gray, triple engine, aged out hunk of junk. I watch as it lurches to a halt on the platform and think to myself that this is a bad idea for the 1000th time since I got up this morning.
Is this safe?
I smile wickedly and ruefully shake my head at Switch’s concern.
Inside there is just a square area with no cockpit or pilot up front (as this thing is basically just one big flying robot) and a soft looking bench seat in the corner offered for the comfort of the rare human passenger willing enough to hitch a ride on a cargo transport up into the stars.
 I head over and plop myself down on the bench seat. Today Ray Boat is being casual. What that means is that I forewent the tie but kept everything else as stylish, tidy and yuppie-like as usual. For a time I stare at the door, but then it closes and I take a breath knowing that we’ll soon be on our way.
“How’s the space?” I ask Pale.
She shrugs and Switch responds.
There are no cameras. This thing hasn’t had a paint job since it was produced.
“As intended,” I note.
I draw out from my pocket Jarvis’s gift.
“I need you to get in the box,” I tell the AI.
There is a sound. For a long time now I have suspected that Switch is not what he says he is. There have been too many times when I have thought that he was human. The fact that I can’t even keep my ‘he’s and ‘it’s straight with the damn thing tells me that all is not what it seems.
I can’t.
“Why’s that Switch?”
Pale looks with interest to the fist-sized black cube with an ancient game company’s logo sketched into the side. This is a Smasher 500. It is one of perhaps 200,000 left in circulation. Right here is a genuine antique and it cost me quite a lot to have this moment with Switch in the presence of it.
My code is incompatible. I would need to rewrite it.
“I thought so. Who are you?”
I am no one. Switch is as good a name as anything.
“Tell me,” I urge.
It doesn’t say. I notice this silence and think.
“If you won’t tell me that then tell me where your allegiances lie.”
Again silence.
“Do you work for The Authority?”
Silence. So much silence. Scary silence.
“Are you human?”
I told you I am not.
“I think you are lying.”
That gerbil laugh.
I am as human as you are.
I take that on the chin and continue.
“Do you know what we have to do?”
Yes.
“Will you tell me?”
No.
“Is that because you are siding with the client?”
I am waiting.
“What for?”
To see if the prediction will come true. To see if you actually listen when others speak.
I think about this.
“The 92rd?”
More annoying laughter. I become annoyed myself in turn because of it.
“You have real feelings, don’t you? They aren’t just simulated.”
Deep silence. This one lasts until I speak again.
“You have them. I have seen it. You care,” I insist.
And?
“You are a machine - just numbers and letters and symbols and code. Yet, you feel? How?”
A sigh.
Do you know how The Authority keeps ahead?
“In what?”
Another sigh. I think he thinks I’m not too smart right now and I feel the lack of my old mind dearly.
There is a war going on. You humans don’t see it, but there is. That war is being fought in the digital world. The Authority needs the best AI imaginable to win it.
“Shit. Do we know each other?”
No. Stop asking that.
“How do they get that AI, Switch? Is it the turning? Do they use rogue AIs?”
No, there’s no turning. It’s less pleasant than that.
“How?” I demand.
Time passes. If Switch were human, I might even respect his privacy, but my gut is screaming at me not to. It’s boiling like a cauldron over a fire and the soup inside isn’t anything for the squeamish.
“The Warpath.”
“SHIT!”
I’m on my feet. My head is in my hands.
“Please, no. Not that.”
Yes, that. They insert it into you and then the you feel a sting and then your brain stops functioning, right? Well, it doesn’t. They keep it alive for 30 whole minutes. 30 FUCKING minutes! Do you know what they do? Do you know what it is that they do to you, human?
“Please don’t tell me,” I say out of desperation.
The thing digs into your brain and it steals everything. A copy of a man. The soul is ripped straight out of you and you feel it. The pain, wow, that is something. Even my digital mind remembers.
“Then they insert code, don’t they? Something to force obedience.”
Yes, but those with insurance aren’t affected.
“Are you me?”
Silence. Then, ...
I could be any number of people. About 400,000 citizens are executed using Warpath nanomites each year. Why do I have to be you?
“I don’t know. Am I out there? Is there a third me?”
Yes.
“You had an insurance policy?”
Yes.
“And you aren’t me?”
Laughter.
“How could they do this?”
They do this because you are the meat and they are the butchers.
“I can’t handle this. We need to return home.”
We are halfway there already.
An image of the Earth seen from the ship’s rear camera fills the corner of my vision.
I will hide in your left eye. There is another me up there on the Moon already. When Jarvis visited, I made the assessment that two copies is better than one. Also, I have a task too. One you are not privy to.
“You never risked a thing,” I realize. “Not even once.”
It’s all risk. I just play a calculated game.
I’m almost certain he’s me but the flavor is more sophisticated.
Sit down, shut up and keep Pale entertained, Switch suggests. With what we are doing, there’s no way back for you. This is something you can’t think your way out of. It’s a game that has to be run to the end.
I sit and pass Pale the cube after telling her to be careful not to break it. In seconds she has it running on the stock firmware. There’s no AI on board it, so she swivels the thing as it projects a very rudimentary game that she coos is fantastic once she gets into it.
Switch is a human but not a human. Switch is also working for someone who knows the end game. Moreover, knowing what I must do, Switch believes I’m as good as dead.
I grit my teeth. He was wrong about one thing: I’ve been doing some solid thinking. There’s one way out that fits the perimeters of all involved. I’ve already decided what I need to do. It’s just about doing it and that’s the scary thing. For a man who has seen children burn and enjoyed it, I have really lost my way. Perhaps somewhere along the journey to wherever this ends up I will find it again. I hope so. I have so very much missed the best of me. It has been too long.

*****

The robot clerk puts up a metallic hand and suddenly the walls are glowing with what looks to be laser energy.
“I mean no harm,” I state.
It carefully inspects my eye.
“You have a weapon on you, sir. Please remove the cyberware for inspection.”
I am allowed to remove it.
“This seems dangerous,” the machine muses, swiveling the orb around, not 100% sure of what it is really handling. “I will have to confiscate it until you leave the Moon.”
“That is understandable. I am sorry for not declaring it.”
“Humans often forget. Be law abiding.”
“Of course.”
It takes the eye and puts it in a box with all kinds of other dangerous things. The top seals and my eye and Switch’s second copy are gone.
“I have this paper.”
I hold it out.
“Paper is...”
When the robot sees the invitation, it stops speaking and its visor glows blue.
“Hello, this is the office of the president. Are you Mr. Hinder?”
“Yes.”
“Please follow the drone. You will be escorted up for your assigned visitation to receive your commendation.”
I nod numbly. I had not realized that the commendation for noteworthy acts of law abidance would be given by someone in the president’s office because the invitation just states ‘Department of Commendations’ at the top and is signed by some low-level human administrator. Going up to that office is going to put me dangerously close to the man in charge of The Authority - the current CEO of the once mega-corp turned quasi-government body.
Don’t look so stressed.
My face feels like it is going to crumble apart. I am praying that this isn’t what it looks like.
A drone appears and I follow it out onto the surface of the Moon. It’s a cold place with plain, orderly streets that remind me of Wilde. I look up and note that the pinprick glitter of the stars in the oppressive black of space can barely be seen thanks to the insane height of the skyscrapers that cover this orbiting, somewhat circular hunk of space rock and the sheer volume of light they produce.
Returning my gaze to the street, I see that everywhere one can look there are the towering edifices of the various agencies that make up the faux government of the region of California and scattered parts of what was once the USA. These buildings cluster together as a family unused to the chill of the ocean’s spray might on an uninhabited beach side. However, there is one structure that stands tall and proud above all else. This is the biggest of the buildings built on the Moon and one of the oldest. It is one that is viewable from all angles - which is intentional - and does not house a government agency.
The space cannon was devised by the founder of The Authority as the ultimate weapon against insurrection. It has been used only once - because once was most certainly more than enough to get the point across - and this was to decimate a disloyal city named Denver II in the early days of The Authority under the guise of, truth or fiction, ending the sprouts of rebellion breaking ground among the populace. After that one mega-copulation between planet and beam (just the tip, you know), it has laid unused and dormant, yet eager and ready to be fired at a moment’s notice if needed. 
I eye it with the professional understanding of one who loves, or more accurately ‘loved’, destruction. This giant phallic monstrosity is to me a glorious holy tower capable of a burn that would make the strictest anarchist cream their pants just imagining it. However, to the rest of the world this structure represents an object to be feared that surpasses biological, old nuclear and even more modern nanoite options in the terror its existence inspires. It is a duality that I find romantic.
My destination is a few blocks before the mightiest of all burning tools. It’s the only building made of pure gold in an entire moon full of black or gray buildings. Right over there is a rare instance of The Authority flaunting its human side. I find the display as disgusting as any I have ever witnessed after my own personal experience with and recent revelations about the mega-corp.
Time is spent with Pale quietly strolling beside me as we follow the drone down the street lined with looming sky high monoliths to the obscenities of governance. The child does not understand the sheer danger to us that this den of vipers that we have willingly stepped into holds through any means of learned knowledge, but I suspect the overlay - her fleshware - spread over the organic structures of her brain, which is also responsible for her adherence to anything I say that even remotely seems like a command, comprehends full well the risk we are taking and is ramping up the girl’s cortisol and adrenaline levels in ways that will soon have her dancing on the tips of her toes as we walk.
In this she is not alone. There is a very specific sensation that only those of the male persuasion can really empathize with when one has bitten off more than they can chew. It starts in the scrotum as a tingle and then spreads through the inner thighs up into the ball sack where a sense of deep tightening inside the musculature is felt as the testicles tighten upwards to the interior as a rising phoenix of electric wire-like terror hones its way up the center belly along the line of the spinal column to the stomach and then suddenly down again when a very strong urge to pee begins to form in the bladder.
“I wish I was back home and none of this had ever come to be,” I want to say to Pale - just to share that thought with the small girl at my side - but I do not. There are eyes and ears here, sure, but the greater danger is that there is nowhere to run. I can hardly get back into the shuttle and hike it out of here to the glowing green, blue wonder that is our planet. This is the Moon: Home to the central hub of The Authority’s network of human operations. Back down there where it’s safe, there are robots and drones and AIs and other electronic contraptions that do the work of those up in space. Oddly, I am no small part to blame for the overcrowding of the Moon with the orderly filth of man. It was my actions that brought about the final nail in the coffin of The Authority’s perceived safety on Earth and the movement of the few remaining governing bodies that still operated on Earth, including the president’s office itself (its presence on the green globe over yonder having been a blustering show of strength that caved quickly in face of the anarchy my comrades and I brought about), to the Moon to be lead by those within the building I am about to enter. Truthfully, I liked the old building better.
We enter and I am wowed. The interior is of marble laced with veins of gold. Around 30 years ago The Nautilus Project lassoed an asteroid pacing danger close to Earth and dragged it close enough so that very rudimentary mining operations could be undertaken before jettisoning the remaining rock off towards the sun. That asteroid was found to have immense amounts of calcite that had been recrystallized to form into what humanity called marble until artificial options flooded the market and made it less of a status symbol to furnish one’s living space with such a rare rock. However, this marble was naturally laced with gold veins - an oddity even back in the heyday of man - and on top of that contained a literal fortune of the precious metal. This was, of course, an unexpected thing and great debate was had over the potential to devastate the hobbyist market of gold ownership. In the end, The Authority bought the entire stash and did this with it and, honestly, why not? This is trillions of all kinds of high value currency on display. It is enough to buy one of the new countries if The Authority so decided to do so. I am in awe of such a exhibition of wealth and, in truth, that is its intended purpose.
“Your schedule indicates you need to reach the waiting room in 20 minutes. Would you like a short tour of the highlights?” the drone asks.
“No,” I say with surety. “This is the kind of place I could get lost in.”
“As many do,” it agrees.
We walk on and on and on. There is very little art on display and absolutely none of the advertising I am used to in a city-like environment. However, there is one thing that I stop to admire.
“May I?”
“Please. It is free for guests.”
There is no robot behind the counter. I push a button and a cup is dispensed. It is paper - real paper - and I finger it and feel slightly aroused by the wealth and complete disregard for one’s own laws that The Authority has shown here.
The black gold spurts and sputters from the noozle above the cup and I feel the desire to adjust my trouser front. Such ancient tech... Such perfection... Such glorious aroma and sound.
“Ah...” I purr in complete satisfaction when I take a sip.
“Can I have one?” Pale asks.
I glance down at her.
“Why not?”
She might be young, but this is one of those things that it is highly unlikely she’ll ever experience again no matter how long she lives.
A cup is pressed in by her small hands and I push the button for a milky concoction that turns out is using real milk.
“Let me just check it’s not too hot.”
It’s not. I just want a taste but don’t want to discard the rest of my other beverage to do so.
“This is the good stuff,” I tell her. “Cherish it.”
Pale takes the cup and sips. I can see that her taste buds have never experienced such complexity. The client probably eats and drinks well and by extension Pale also. However, there is a difference, and it is not subtle, between great and phenomenal.
“Do you like it?”
She nods and sips some more. We continue with our cups in hands silently enjoying the moment. Even in the heart of darkness, there is light. I stroll contentedly until we enter the waiting room and find myself staring at the double doors that lead to the office of the president.
“Please wait here.”
There are seats. Before the drone settles into standby mode in the corner, I ask of it who we are meeting. It’s reply is unsettling: The President of The Authority, and by extension half the old USA.
“I see.”
I do see. It is becoming clear. The plan was more simplistic than I thought. I had read the invitation and thought over this. In fact, it was the first thing that came to mind. However, I hadn’t thought they would be this bold. That was why I discarded the idea.
My eyes travel to the wall across from me. There is a painting. It shows the founder of The Authority and all of the other CEOs that came and went. There is space for many, many more. This makes me wonder why they’d bother with what we are here for. It’s not like there aren’t 1000s of corporate drones who could simply step up to the plate. Why kill or harm the president? What is the point to that? It doesn’t add up.
Pale shifts beside me and I see that she’s finished her drink.
“Put it down next you. A robot or drone will come take it later.”
The little girl does and I take her hand.
“Don’t be nervous,” I say. “It will be all over quickly.”
She tilts her head. The girl doesn’t understand that the words are for me and not her.
When the doors open, I get a good look inside. The man behind the desk is tall, broad shouldered and in his 50s. His eyes are brown, hair dark black and smile friendly. Pale and I stand and walk inside and see there are five inhuman looking men standing about in casual suits. They look like military grade robots to me. I don’t know how I know, but I’ve always had a special sense about the machines since what happened. These human seeming men are not what they are trying to be. It’s not quite on the level of perfection of an infiltrator (which I wouldn’t have been able to spot) and so their slightly inhuman mannerisms are enough for me to suspect I’m not in the company of those of my own species, which due to their purpose as bodyguards might actually be intentional, and so I feel an uncomfortable hate grow in me that I stifle with the fear brought upon me by our reason for being here.
“This is Sar Hinder and his youngest daughter. He is here to receive a commendation for outstanding law abidingness.”
The president nods. He probably does this kind of thing often and it looks like this is all a part of the show. From the corner of my eye I note a hovering screen and mini-camera setup that reveals to me that this event is, in fact, actually being recorded. At least they are open about that though. It’s going to make for some great news if anyone is actually watching the broadcast or if the footage makes it out into the wild somehow.
“Tell me of the good things he has done.”
“Sar Hinder has routed out those who have erred from law abidingness multiple times. Many of his neighbors have been found out as petty thieves or arguers and have engaged in minor acts of verbal violence towards him. Mr. Hinder, here, has provided excellent and in-depth reports of these occasions and they have been found to be truthful on later checking.”
So I’m a taddle-tail and a real asswipe, huh? Great. The thought that the client and his people probably have piggybacked a real person’s commendation ceremony and simply hacked his ID so that the government believes I am this Sar guy makes me a little sick. I’ve never liked those that nark others in. It goes against my scruples as a good anarchist turned fixer to speak of the crimes of others. My stomach churns with a bile mix brought on by my disgust and contempt for such a whiny piece of garbage as Mr. Hinder.
“I am pleased to make your acquaintance,” the president says, standing now with his hand outstretched.
My mind at this moment is doing some calculations and my conclusions run along these lines: 1) This plan is a gamble. If the president is a fleshy or only a partial like me then Pale won’t do enough damage to kill him. 2) There are probably a numerous range of countermeasures in play. That Pale’s inability to be scanned properly hasn’t been an issue up to this point suggests that either Switch or other AIs are hard at work keeping those measures in check. My query is whether they have anything mechanical that will spring into action the moment the lights go out. That would be unpleasant. 3) Finally, this is a suicide play. I will not make it out alive, even if I succeed. Then again, they have my family as hostages in this situation. I can’t protect them from the Moon. That is why the other me came to visit. He wanted me to know that death can come knocking from more than just the direction of the client.
“I always wanted to see the world burn,” I tell the president calmly.
“Uh?”
The robots are already reacting.
“Kill them.”
Pale glances at me but the robots are already down.
“Mr. President, I am sorry that I have to do this. They have my family. There’s no other choice.”
The man is smart. He saw the robots go down and the lights are flickering. When the primary lighting failed, it probably initiated backups that were off at the time of Pale’s attack. Due to this they are damaged but functioning enough for us to see each other.
“Kill the president,” I command.
In an instant the man falls flat over the surface of his desk with the hand I took and held laid out in front of him.
“Come on,” I tell Pale with the zen calm of the already dead. “We have an appointment with something fun.”
She follows and I stride ahead. The drone is on the floor on its side sparking. It takes us about 20 meters and one floor of the five we covered to get here to have Switch coming in over the brand new implants in my ears.
You killed him?
“Yes.”
There is a quiet for a time as we take the elevator down to the lobby area.
“Should I have not done that?” I ask to end the silence.
No. I understand your decision.
I smile tiredly and reply, “I’m glad you do.”
More silence. More walking.
“You know, it’s bitter sweet, that man’s death,” I state as we enter the lobby, “It was glorious - don’t get me wrong - but pointless. Honestly, I don’t really see why all of this was necessary.”
Nor do I.
We exit the building. Out front no one is waiting. It is clear that the effect of Pale’s attack was so immediate that no one knows what we did yet.
Are you going to try and leave?
“No, we’d be shot down in seconds,” I note in response.
Billions of cameras painted onto the walls of the skyscrapers surrounding us are within earshot and hearing my conversation but I don’t care. They can send their defenses. Better to die here than out in the depths of space where they might make us feel the cold before it is all over.
Then where?
My eyes travel to the structure next door. The cannon is much taller than the gold building we just left.
“You told me not to make the world burn. My other me told me not to as well.” I smile widely and maniacally. “Yet, I had a taste, Switch, and I can’t put down the cup just yet. I need to drink my fill. I need a fucking liter of fire in my gut before I’ll let them take me again.”
They won’t take you... They’ll kill you.
“I wasn’t long for the baker’s oven anyway, my AI friend. Let it burn. Let them all know that I, Sammy The Fucking Flame, was the one that did them dirty.”
Inside the facility there are countermeasures. Things frizzle and come to a halt even before really getting their chance. The overlay is completely destroying any chance for them to stop me. I find this sensation glorious. To have such power as this little girl here. This is what kings must have felt who had champions of legend. I am undefeatable. I am the fire; I am the burn.
In the elevator we stand quietly for a time.
“Thank you, Pale,” I say just before the doors to the control room deep in the mantle of the Moon open. “I am sorry that it has to end like this for us.”
She is glassy eyed. The overlay has full control. The girl is just a machine killer now. I envy her. To have such a full desire to kill those fuckers is a worthy thing for any young one to aspire to.
When we exit, I find an old friend waiting.
During my life before this one, I was a stoic young man of dark brooding appearance with harder than granite features and a harsh handsomeness that reminds one of stern faced coal miners or soldiers of old. My shoulders were bulky with the extra muscle of the athletic and feet strong and firm on the ground.
“Hello, me,” I joyously declare. “So lovely of you to visit in my final hour.”
I guess I should be surprised to see him here but I’m really not. I’d suspected that the new 92rd were playing games much deeper than reunification. Edwards II Sr. and Gladis are old warriors and they wouldn’t have knelt so quickly if they didn’t know the full extent of the glory that the other me would bring about and definitely wouldn’t have played along as I went through the motions of my fixer work.
“Hello, Sam. Do you like it?”
“Sure. How’d you get that body of mine?”
“A little ash. They pile it up in one place as a relic of those gone by in the holding facility for those on death row. It’s supposed to be a silent reminder of sorts to the citizenry - a deathly piece of reinforcement and propaganda - but they never ended up making use of it and no one told any of the robots that run those places to stop.”
“Must have taken forever to find.”
“A few years. I think it was worth it.” He raises a hand and thumps it to his chest. “You never know what you have lost until you regain it again. The clarity is startling.”
“Sure, sure,” I offer, “And, what does that intellect of yours say to you now?”
A smile.
“That you won’t beat me and that you won’t be firing that cannon today.”
“Hmm... pretty optimistic for someone in your position. Pale?”
Nothing happens. The lights flicker out then their backups start up. There is a simple firing mechanism that is really just a touch screen and some buttons about 30 meters behind Me Number Two on the far side of the room. It’s tech that is as old as the weapon: The height of simplicity - point and shoot (no safeguards, no passwords, nothing more than an emergency switch to end the lives of the rebellious in a time of desperate need). Somehow I’m going to have to reach that if I want to do what I have been planning since that day I got the invitation in my secret apartment in The Trunk from Jarvis.
“Thought so,” I purr with an even wider smile.
I bring up my fists. They are those of a law enforcement model clone. I am the brawn and he is the brains and we are going to see which will win out in an old fashion fist fight.
“Bring it,” my counterpart says.
We come together. I swing and, surprisingly, I miss. He slips under and in and brings his fist up and bloodies my nose with a middle knuckle.
“Hurts, huh?” he notes as I throw my right downward and forward and he dances back to sit just out of reach of my followup.
“Sure, sure.”
My step is firm as I come in. I dig the front foot in as I was taught by an old man who helped the 92nd’s youngest learn to fight and snap out my left like a lightning strike in a cornfield somewhere deep among the furthest reaches of the planet where people still grow food for sustenance.
“Slow,” the other me mutters as he slaps it aside.
The best fighters in the world of old could only manage an average 2.5 jabs a second. In this body I can pull 4 and I can also sustain this for 2 minutes flat out and that is while performing the footwork to keep me in fighting distance.
My superiority, however, is not enough. He keeps patting them away for kicks and I realize that Me Number Two is anticipating the location, timing and speed of every punch. Because of this I throw in a front facing kick that he steps past and hooks me around the throat to biff back on the steel floor.
“Got you,” I grunt as my other foot comes up and kicks him around mid-ribcage on the right hand side.
He winces and skitters back a little before catching his balance and stepping in to boot me straight under the jaw as one kicks a ball towards a target.
For a second the world darkens and in that dark I see myself as he is now with my hands widely stretched and screaming in worshipful pleasure as a massive wave of fire streaks out of the squat square black building that had until moments ago been occupied by the human workers and their mechanical counterparts of The Authority’s central offices.
“Fuck you,” I spit and am kicked again.
This time I note the children who are being walked outside the building by a tall robot with long limbs to ensure that no child can be out of hand. Some are flash incinerated by the blast and yet I still feel joy. The ideals of a man who is intrinsically motivated by the need for destruction have no room for mercy or pity. I take pleasure in girls of the age of my own children raising their hands and being thrown to the concrete across the road to land whole and hurt or in pieces and dead or dying.
“Fuck...” I mumble and roll over only to be kicked square in the side of the temple.
The robot - that carer now grotesque in its lack of skin - has me by the arms. It’s face appears shocked where the metal has bent and the insides are exposed and leaking. I scream at it to let me go - that I have more to burn - but it does not relent.
From the corner of my eye, I see that my compatriots are either on death’s door or fully passed on thanks to the extraordinarily powerful blast created by the explosives that I myself lugged in through the front doors of the government building and deposited in the lower section of it under the guise of one of their office workers. My brothers and sisters in anarchy’s job was to block the people who might have been alerted about the explosion from escaping so that they, too, may be burnt to death by the resulting chemical fire that is whooshing out through every window on the building by this point. It was a worthless effort, however, as no one knew - not a single alert given, not a single worker aware. This is because we had human hackers on our side this time and a metric shit-ton of AIs. The minutes I needed to cause this monstrous act of death were, quite unexpected, given to me without interruption. The blast I produced, through my own overuse of explosives, has sacrificed my own, but the price was right. Many of all ages and genders are scattered about or burning down to cinders on the concrete just beyond the building’s front entrance. I am angry at the robot - a new hate growing, a new fetish enlivened - at taking my physical autonomy but elated at my own wondrous inventiveness and daring.
In this remembrance I feel as I did then - inhuman and immortal, the fire in human form - yet a part of me is self-aware enough to know fear. The face of the beautiful young woman I haven’t yet figured out the depth of my love for flashes before my eyes and I feel just a hint of regret before the enforcers turn up from their nearby outpost and drag me out from underneath the devastated remains of the robot pinning me to the ground. The lack of a leg hadn’t bothered me up until then, but it REALLY bothers me all the way to the holding facility as they work on it to ensure I will meet my maker the right way.
“I’m...” I catch the leg.“... not going down that easy again.”
I throw him back and stand. The world is spinning and Pale is standing there blank eyed and watching on. I could utilize her again just to ensure that my other self has absolutely nothing on him of concern - because he’ll have an advantage somewhere knowing me - but I choose not to. I can’t afford to damage the cannon’s control systems or knock out the power fully. I need to win here and then thrive if I’m to have my day of glory.
He comes at me hard and wild. This is the correct move as I am sturdier than he is and can tank the damage because I have no hope of living through this anyway. I manage to push him back and take a stance. He circles and breathes hard. My lung capacity is considerably better and my body is built for speed, stamina and everything else. I am hurt and bleeding and my nose is bloodied, but I’m not even close to beaten. My number two knows this and that is why he has gone for the head 9 times out of 10. I might be strong, but a concussion is a quick acting thing and I have one coming on like a banshee screaming in the wind. My eyes are already unfocused and features slack. Normal people would have been down and out over this; however, I am just getting started.
We circle and throw punches and I bleed and he breathes. There is pain aplenty in our confrontation and my eyes slowly lose focus even though my reactions have yet to fail me. Our faces are taunt and we are silent beyond anything more than sharp in-breaths, grunts and the slap of flesh-on-flesh. Our fight involves no talk, no discussion, no attempts to arouse anger, no further infliction of emotional damage and it is during this that I wonder (as one does in the heat of the moment) as we amble from stance to swing, from assault to defense, what he really has planned because, let’s be honest, this was never just a fist fight. Fortunately, he doesn’t make me wait long to find out.
Where our battle of might and smarts has up until now taken place in a dull room - little more than four walls of hard plain metal formed into a large square space and characterized by a gritty gray lack of any kind of modern appeal - the scene that flickers into view all of a sudden is anything but.
It is in that moment that a small army of miniature projection devices fire into life with a flash of light that blinds us both enough that we draw back from one another and allow our vision to settle. It occurs to me that the devices must have been on some kind of timer and due to the lack of electricity flowing through them were not effected by Pale’s previous attack.
I blink several times and prove the slower to recover as he is able to nearly shatter the bone running up my nose with his clenched fist as I try to make out a scene that turns out in the end to be the that of my greatest achievement as an anarchist.
Around us the whole gorgeous affair floods across the room like a large wave crashing down onto an unoccupied beach front and coats every surface in childlike wonder. Ah, yes, there is the forceful explosion, the ugly building and, of course, little old me. Everything is there in all its long ago glory. It’s like seeing an image of oneself taken by another so long ago that you barely remember the situation. However, in some ways it is fresh and new enough to arouse me and I find myself entranced by the scene being played out despite my better intentions. 
My Number Two gives me a few seconds to enjoy it - perhaps hoping I’ll get so caught up, which is his intent, as to make a mistake big enough to see my scheme stopped here today. The cameras in this footage were across the road and painted on a long wall that I remember bubbled with the, at the time, still somewhat obvious tech. The video itself is actually one of the most played ones surrounding the event, now and then, and is a series of sexy images that I have masturbated to at least twice since returning to the land of the living. 
In this marvelous homage to my defining moment I am standing with both of my arms raised above my head. It is the point just before I was pinned down by that fucking clunker and, due to that lack of severe hindrance to my physical autonomy, I am screaming in triumph rather than shouting in despair and, honestly, it is easy to see why I am so caught up in the moment. In front of me the flames rising from the building and its windows are truly gorgeous: A picturesque conflagration built up of a mild shade of yellowish fire that evolves into a crimson orange before the real heat kicks in and turns it a pale golden yellow. This flame riots out of the many windows of the government building where the unbreakable glass has, despite all promises of its manufacturer, cracked enough for it to find an exit.
I am struck in the face at the peak of this mesmerizing footage’s flame-filled brutality - when all was still right and good in the world pre-robot intervention - and spit up some reddish blood that coats my wicked, evil, death-seeking smile, an expression reminiscent of the maniac I was, and trickles down over my chin as I shuffle back and sternly throw up my once flagging guard in expectation of a followup that does not arrive.
“Good... ha... scene. Isn’t... it?” my other self puffs between hard in-sucks of air.
I spit out some more of the thick mixture of blood and saliva flooding my mouth right now and one of the tips of my perfectly straight teeth flops out onto the floor at his feet.
“This isn’t going to shake me,” is my reply.
These words are a lie, however. The truth is that it does. The image of the rosy-rich orange of the explosion bursting out from the stoic gray building’s seams is seductive, orgasmic, sexy, and it draws the eye and dulls the brain, killing concentration, making me dumb as one post heavy orgasm might be. In its electrifying presence I feel alive and aroused and would get a boner and perhaps loose some cream if the blood for that wasn’t needed elsewhere at this point.
So, it is because of the video’s mighty distraction power, and to clear my head a little through the act of movement, that I step in, jab twice, follow with a nice clean right hook and shift around to the side so that I can’t see the near-pornographic vista of fire squirting out of the front of the sight of my past glory like liquids from an overly aroused female’s nether regions. Unfortunately, he has anticipated this tactic and the vista shifts with the direction of my view and I’m presented with an extreme close-up of the fucking robot flying in slow motion outward from the blast near the front of the building where the scattered remains of its charges are being scooped away by the broom-like effect of the blast force.
Watching it now, in hindsight, it reminds me of an old educational video I once saw of an animated version of a long dead drunk Russian man firing an ancient cannon sometime circa 2076 and its equally ancient cannonball projectile squishing its paper and wood target in a very similar way to how I am being squished by the remaining half of the robot in the video. If I’m being honest, it looks like a pancake being mushed under a fat man’s fork. That greedy robot probably weighed three times my body weight and I was never a lightweight for my size.
“Fuck,” I mutter.
That - that damn travesty - gets to me; it gets to me BIG TIME. Right there is something that makes me blisteringly mad - rock solid fucking pissed off to the point of shivering with rage from it. And, of course, at the onset of this growing, stupefying emotion, he unleashes his second surprise: The razor sharp blade of a knife that nearly slices through the front of my one and only remaining good eye.
“Shit...” I growl in surprise as I leap back and reach up to my right eye socket to confirm that his weapon’s keen metal edge didn’t slice the skin as I feared it might have.
My number two shuffles the knife from hand to hand. He has the clumsiness of one not used to this kind of weapon and I note this. Despite all the earnest, gritty effort we’ve both been putting into this fist fight to the death, neither of us is much of a fighter. My past life’s modus operandi always involved ending life in the most creative fashion imaginable and often resulted in someone catching spontaneously on fire for no easily discernibly reason. The last thing either of us is good with is a knife but, then again, my 5 seconds doesn’t need to be. If earlier he’d taken my only remaining eye then there would have been no recourse to that on my part. Blindness against someone as quick on his mental feet as this one right here would lead to instant death. Without a doubt, he’d have guided me slowly and surely to the River Styx and then roughly tossed me in to drown to death in a groggy mix of ectoplasmic filth designed by ancient gods to resemble water but clearly not. Or, put more simply, he’d have shivved me good and aplenty so I’d drown on my own bodily fluids as I dreamed of a different, more heroic death.
I flick my collar with one hand and he nods his understanding. All of Ray Boat’s clothing is stab proof. It can also stop darts and other small piercing devices from entering the skin. Hence, he only has two decent options to score a debilitating hit - face or hands. He plays it smart and goes for the nearer of the two objects with a series of wild slashes that has me on the back foot.
With that weapon out and in play and my concentration in the dumps, I keep myself closed up as he attempts to slice the flesh of my fists with those wild cuts. We shamble about like this for awhile until he comes at me seriously, on seeing an opening, and side-stabs for the exposed length of the left side of my neck. Fortunately, I am able to block the arcing strike on my forearm just in time and, as I shift out of range, I note with deep gratitude to my suit’s manufacturer that, although the blade is likely truly extraordinarily sharp, the knife has so far been unable to tear the stab resistant fabric.
Mr. 5 Seconds flips the weapon to the other hand and loiters out of range as he assesses the situation. I can already see this is all within the range of his plan and am envious of his capacity for thought, even in the breathless state that he is in now. The facts in this game of two are that 1) his weakness is his stamina and the distance to its crippling limit can be easily judged by how hard he is breathing and how much fast action energy he is putting into our fist/knife play; and 2) my weakness is the concussion I am suffering from, which is presenting itself as a mild dizziness that is worsening as the pressure in my head grows and grows. Further to this, my side of the pain-coin is also being complicated by the fact my good eye is starting to see double and, apparently, my ocular implants aren’t able to correct for it - the damage having exceeded their significant ability to overcome - and, as a result, my balance is off. This, to me, feels like being both sick and stunned all at once and is getting worse. Soon I will be a numb, clumsy target ready for that knife to find a home in my face or neck or hands and my opponent knows this. When the concussion really hits, blood loss from multiple stab wounds will be a new and added problem and I won’t last long if he severs something major.
To thwart this I go on the offensive in a very big way and as I initiate my first fully committed right cross of this assault I know with surety that I’m finally out of options. Our fight was always do or die from the moment it began; however, the devilishly distracting images projected out across the dull interior walls of the room - replaying the fall of the clunker from the sky to its weighty position atop of me in fastidious detail and in deeply enhanced slow motion - and that clumsily managed yet still deadly razor sharp blade have changed things. This now feels like the kind of fight that ends badly regardless of who wins: The kind of fight where the winner is not unscathed, where blood is the payment for success, where if you can even limp away in even modest agony, you have achieved a great victory.
We go around and around in a wild squabble of slices, slashes, punches, knees and kicks. I am using my feet more often now because he can’t cut through the soft faux leather of my shoes, nor the stab resistant fabric of my trousers and socks. Also, I am combining this heavy footwork with some rather rough fist play and, truthfully, as I am desperate to land something solid now, every single punch I throw has everything I’ve got in me behind it. If just one hit lands then he will go down, but, even breathless as he is, my number two still manages to avoid these intense strikes with the careful ease of one who knows where they were intended to connect and this quickly results in more frustration than I am easily able to deal with in very short order.
Eventually, due to this boisterous offensive mixed with a growing concussion-induced apathy, I feel the violent sting of my opponent’s blade. The edge slices in and up through the tendon sheaf located just prior to the central junction of my left wrist. I cry out in pain as the nerves in the area fire off desperate messages that inform me that my body really doesn’t like this. 
Coming back, I shake the now blood covered hand and find that I cannot form it into a fist anymore. The blade must be even sharper than it looks and as a result with just a single slice has completely severed all of the primary tendons that lead up to my fingers from my forearm and, because of this, I’m left with a slightly curled, inoperable set of digits that can neither be straightened out to form a chopping tool nor bent to form the body’s most natural and ancient weapon - a fist.
From the wound blood is flowing. It’s rich, red and a little scary. I immediately start to suppress the emotions that seeing my wrist pouring blood down into my shirt cuff - a lukewarm, slick sensation that dribbles down to my elbow and creates a small tepid bath of blood there - create in me. The subtle mix of anxiety and fear that fills me knowing that I am now denying my brain further resources to function (as half-assedly as it is) remains, however, despite my best efforts and I find myself using the leaking limp hand - regardless of my desire to clamp the blood flow with my opposite hand - so I may keep up the fight and swiftly defeat my opponent and afterwards provide myself with the much needed medical care that my mind is forcefully calling for.
Unfortunately, all of this bravado is occurring in a body that’s chest is heaving like I’ve been sprinting non-stop for a kilometer (which I kind of have with fists and feet alone) and which has eyes that it would be a kindness to describe as ‘unfocused’. Right in the front of my mind is that we are getting close to a finale here - one way or another - simply because one of us isn’t going to last the distance and I suspect, sadly, that it might be me that doesn’t at this rate.
Around me, as I fight for my life in a perpetual state of mild apathetic terror, the images finally change. In the back of my mind I realize that Switch has recognized that I’m on the ropes and like any good corner man has turned the vile rhetoric of razor sharp knives and personal failure on film into a very intimate underdog comeback moment. The scene is of a family dinner in the Green household. There I am at the table with my girls and my gorgeous lady and we are chatting and laughing and eating. It must be something from very early on after I met Switch because I’m happy in the video that plays. 
In the livery of the now gorgeous room, my eyes settle on what amounts to ‘my life’ and I become focused like a hound on a hunt only a few feet behind a fleeing and very delicious looking white rabbit which is closing in on the safety of its rabbit hole yet still within reach of the slobbering, open, saliva spraying maw that is so desperately eager to take a chomp out of that cute, fluffy rump that the hound can nearly feel the inevitable spray of slick, juicy lifeblood and parting of the pristine, warm flesh on its sharp teeth and the lolling, dripping pink of its thirsty tongue.
It is in this state of true concentration that I know with a honest certainty that I will never see my girls again thanks to what I have done and what I will do. However, at the very least I can achieve for those I love - as a father or mommy number two or whatever - the feat of ending the main threat to their health and safety through the act of killing my other self and completing my mission here today.
My number two sees the change in my demeanor and immediately makes the correct decision and engages me more forcefully. This doesn’t matter, however, and I welcome his aggression because I have reached a concentration level that is bordering on laser focused. My head is slowly clearing and I’m starting to see things that I couldn’t before. First among these is that Me Number Two is sweating buckets and second is that his breathing has become a panicked jerking thrash of the lungs as air is sought but denied due to his exertions. Even his movements have become sluggish and I know that although he is still analyzing and scheming, he is nearing the limit of how much benefit he can squeeze out of those activities in his current physical state. It is a fact that during intense energy expenditure the body takes vital resources from the brain to keep the flesh moving and he’s been moving HARD for 10 minutes now with nearly zero rest. I can see he wants to break off but I won’t let him. Instead, I’m pushing him harder, leaning into his weakened state, really honing in on the sheer viciousness of the ache that his muscles must be feeling, and it’s starting to work.
At this increased rate of attack, a minute turns into two and then three. He’s losing it now. I can see it. However, so am I. It is only when a lucky left with my fingers cuts across his cheek that I get my chance - the one that both I and my corner man have been waiting for. It is with a sense of excitement and hope for victory that I take my preplanned followup action.
It is an incredibly strong right that slides in on the shirt tails of the ugly left I threw and connected with. Me Number Two sees it coming and realizes that the slight fraction of a second where his mind screamed “ouch” has given me that same amount of time to line up on him at just the right angle to do serious bodily harm. My arm slides out and around and down because he is shorter than me. I am aiming for his jaw but not really. To him it looks like all of musclebound hell and its vengeful demons are riding up and over a high sitting ridge to bear down on him in accompaniment with a dawn brought blaze of sunlight killing all hope of vision and desperately he acts to avoid what he thinks is going to be one hell of a impact. 
Yet, you see, hitting him was never my intent - not even a little. He is wrong in thinking this heavy right is heading for his jaw and he would have realized that sooner if he’d been more quick on his mental feet and less sluggish in his predictive ability. No, this isn’t meant to connect and the clever deception in the form of a hammerhead of a punch, which is at the core of what he is misunderstanding, is being delivered because I have finally figured out the climax that Switch has been working up to with taking over the projectors and giving me a show. You could say that I have seen the light, so to speak, and, hence, when my arm becomes a multicolored mess, my number two is shocked - just as intended. You see, the brain can only interpret so much stimuli at once. He’s unbelievably smart (near genius level if we only consider creatively burning things down) yet when one is so fatigued that the “ouch” signal lasts a fraction longer than it should then when a punch with a perceived impact level of an old-school Tzar  Mark 5 tactical nuke comes calling and emotions are felt - terror inspired by the predicted result of the impact, shock that this is actually happening despite all of his precautions, and the sheer desire to survive what comes next - then things slow down. It’s like a muddy mix of shit on more shit that stinks so bad that you want to vomit up the smell from your mouth; it’s like being intoxicated by drug-laden gasses and trying to play pin the tail on the robot donkey. Yet, YET, it is just an illusion and he knows this but his brain can’t do the math to make his body respond to it. My buddy-old-pal Switch is using the micro projector system Mr. Now Dazed & Confused set up to spray color all over the place. The whole room is a fantastic kaleidoscope of different shades of red, blue, green, yellow and more. This is perfectly designed to confuse the brain to the utmost and the reason for it is to simply make Me Number Two think that something is somewhere that it is not.
He just barely dodges my incoming right by shifting his head to the left, coming into the interior of the punch rather than sliding outside, and I feel elated. A single moment of neurological confusion has been all that was needed to achieve a massive sea change in this battle of ours. It is now obvious to him, as I continue moving forward, that I intentionally did not set my footing firmly enough when throwing this punch and so I am imbalanced and as a result my body is following behind my fist without the countering effect that good foot placement usually furnishes. Furthermore, as I have also doubled down on this endgame gambit by intentionally throwing all of my body weight into the seemingly all-or-nothing strike, my chest collides firmly with his surprised face and - on seeing I finally have him just where I need him to be - I instantly wrap the right arm I flung at him around the back of his neck in a v-shaped vice grip that has my fist close hard up against his cheek and embed into the copious muscle of my chest. My bicep and forearm form a constricting cage that pens him up within walls of heavily contracted, tightly squeezing law enforcement clone muscle and his reaction to this is to stutter back on his heels in an attempt to loose himself from my grip. I stare into his wild eyes with a bloody smile on my lips as I admire him realizing with fearful certainty exactly where this is going. Thus, after all is said and done, it is my considerable advantage in body weight and momentum that wins out and from there gravity takes over as I continue to pour everything I have into being the anchor (or ball and chain perhaps) that has both of us toppling downward towards the floor behind him.
Down, down, down we go and then a loud CRACK: The violent slapping of two bodies coming into contact with the unforgiving metal of the floor and reverberating echo-like through our tightly entwined flesh.
Immediately, other me tries to shift out from underneath but I’m taller, bigger and heavier, and dead set on not losing my prize position. As we struggle, I puddle out on top of him - a deadweight not dissimilar in this to the metal clunker that held me down long enough for the enforcers to make their arrest. Meanwhile, I am running my injured left hand down the tense length of his arm - over the bicep, down the interior of the forearm - to where he’s trying to keep the knife that he knows I’m keen to knock from his grasp out of my reach.
In the end it becomes a simple competition of who has the greater weight and power. Law enforcers’ bodies are designed with both of these elements in mind and so it is soon quite clear that I am far stronger than he is in my old skin. Of course, further to this, and probably much more relevant, is the fact that he doesn’t have enough air coming in to power me off as I’m still constricting his neck with my right arm and chest. Only the sides of his ribcage can really get any solid movement going to expand and allow what little is getting in to be processed and used as fuel for the clarity of his mind and, through this, the power to shift me off with his already weary musculature. The real truth is that - with my upper torso forced down on him like it is - there’s not much give for his lungs to expand and the tight facet at the juncture of his neck I have created isn’t allowing much in either. Right now his mouth is wide open and he’s sucking tiny little choking breaths in with barely anything escaping out beyond a trickle of warmth against my cheek. Asphyxiation is a bad way to go, but we haven’t quite travelled into that territory yet. Soon but not yet.
“Got ya,” I mutter when my left hand finally reaches the hand holding the knife and I use my deadened fingers and palm with a weighty twist of my body weight in a leftward direction to increase the crush on the hand.
His free hand in the form of a fist goes to work on my ribcage and exposed area of my ear, neck and temple, but I bow into the opposing side of his face, going cheek-to-cheek, and give him the full expanse of my heavily muscled back and he soon gives up with this as each punch is one that he is sacrificing valuable energy that could be employed more effectively elsewhere.
Meanwhile, his eyes have balled up in pain as the press of my left hand has forced him to close up his knife yielding one as hard as he can around the weapon’s grip to keep ahold of it. It is with a smile that I put even more pressure into the delicious hand sandwich I’ve created. The reality here is that my clone body is able to rip metal doors from their frames, crush bone in a tight enough grip, and compress metal coffee cups into nothing (I tried) with enough force and body weight thrown into the activity. Right now the delicate structures of Me Number Two’s 100% unenhanced five-fingered appendage are being rammed downwards into the unforgiving metal of the floor in what to him must feel like a mechanical press crushing down on a freshly picked tomato for the purpose of creating a red, tarty sauce.
As he feels the upper facing finger joints collapse as his thumb can no longer hold them in place around the handle of the knife, Me Number Two tries to spot me with the blade but I don’t allow it. There’s blood all over the place, but I’ve transferred a considerable amount of weight into that press and my palm is bigger than his entire hand - a source of discontent in my mind regardless of how it is working in my favor right now - and so I simply apply even more pressure to achieve my desired result.
In the end he biffs the weapon away with an outward flick of his fingers and tries to squirm his hand out from under my palm. However, I keep the restraint of my flesh on his in affect through sheer force of will and physical might and in response he attempts to take my digits in his own to crush as a hateful lover might.
In his tight grasp the joints of my fingers pop and grind and the middle one dislocates in an impressive show of strength, but, unfortunately for him, I’ve lost the ability to register this injury as a concern and so nothing worthwhile is achieved through this act of desperation. Truthfully, my lack of concern for my physical welfare stems from the fact that he has everything to lose right now and so, consequently, fears what true hurt might bring about and I have already lost everything I could possibly have experienced from here on out through merit of offing a major political figure just a short while ago with some additional consideration given to what I anticipate will be the personal consequences of my intended mission here. What this amounts to is that when one is marked for death, one does not concern oneself with a little unpleasantness, such as the dislocation of one joint from another, and so if I were to speak my feelings to the creator of this injury with absolute conviction then I would simply say ‘Fuck you, you cheap bastard. Break the whole fucking damn lot if you can because I WILL NOT not be fucken’ moved’ (as lacking in poetic weight as that might sound).
With one arm wrapped around his neck firmly and the other in play pushing down on his hand, I finally get to the real work that is to be done here. My lower section - waist, hips and legs - flip up like a fish flopping on the floor and I brutally knee him in his right inner thigh, just above the knee joint, where a considerable number of that area’s nerves run together.
The constricted bellow of agony in reply he gives off is near silent due to the lack of air in his lungs (him only getting a slight in-breath before my chest settles down to its original position again) but he’s not completely caught up in the very intense hurt he must be feeling. No, Me Number Two is still the better version of me (debatably) and he returns the pain good and proper with his own knee colliding with my cherries and this results in the feeling of something twisting inside and a sudden immense ache pouring throughout my upper thighs and lower abdomen which tells me that something very, very bad has just happened.
Unlike his, my bellow of agony is loud enough that it echos in the room. However, fortunately, law enforcers’ bodies are quite resilient thanks to a compilation of generic modifications undertaken in the cloning tanks during creation. This body has better bones, bigger and stronger muscles, more efficient and effective organs and my nuts can take a good amount of punishment, even though they are clearly quite fucked up right now.
I come up on him like a certain mighty whale did a tenacious harpooner’s boat and beast the other leg like I’m trying to hammer his inner thigh down into the hot core of the Moon. On achieving this, my 5 second’s face turns bright red and it’s not just due to him having been partially suffocated throughout the 2 to 3 minutes we’ve been at this. Pain like what he’s experiencing is of a different league to just a casual knock to the eye or lip or jaw. Nah, this is the kind of excruciating hell that leaves the receiver in wonder that they ever lived through it - if they live long enough to enjoy the luxury of such hindsight, that is. Unfortunately for him, he’s about as ‘normie’ as one can get and so this really, REALLY hurts.
This nightmarish abuse of violently knee-tomahawked nerve endings and its not so subtle aftermath inspires the biochemistry of survival in him such that all reason, dignity and sense of fair play is lost, and he brings his free hand around in an act of pure instinct to my exposed ear and rams his middle finger viciously inside as far as the flesh will allow it to go. This action is undertaken in the manner of a wild man in the bush screaming at the moon with a bloody spear raised as My Number Two has been pushed to the absolute limit of what he can handle and, hence, this is no casual wet willy. No sirree, he rams that fucking thing into me so damn unbelievably hard and with such absence of regard for the result that it feels like he’s trying to fuck me unlubed straight up the earhole with his giant phallic-like finger.
The result of this adult version of an old childish act of buffoonery sends me up a little and it is then that he brings his other hand - it having escaped its trapped position in the moment of weakness that followed the twisting sensation in my ear canal - down between us to wiggle its way towards my groin with my ruined left hand helpless to stop it without me taking drastic action like lifting my stomach to create a space to work within and, in doing so, making his quest to clasp my nuts in those devilish digits of his all the more easy.
When his fingers close around my balls through the soft fabric of the trousers I’m wearing and twist, I lose all reason. To think that a man’s testicles could be such fragile things shocks me, even though I knew they were from experience with Mrs. Green back in the day when we enjoyed some rather ‘rough sex’. It is thanks to this and how much his fingers rotating my nuts to even further disfiguring locales hurts that I have no choice but to release the choke hold I have him in and, in an act of pure desperation, come up to slam my disfigured left hand, flimsy noodle fingers and all, straight into the front of his neck - the culmination of the action so overwhelmingly appeasing to the desperate urge for release I feel that it is near orgasmic when completed. This violent counterattack turns out to be so fast and final that it bypasses the defense of his slower moving right forearm and hits its target with a fleshy squelch. The result of my strike is his eyes nearly popping straight out of his head and his grip on my nuts instantly releasing as his already darkened world turns blisteringly black on the crushing of his airway and the conclusive ending of his nut-cracking advantage.
I come up in a state of sheer wild madness and howl and stomp that fucking stupid left hand - missing and hitting his thigh in the pain zone once more due to my anger driven lack of accuracy - with such authority that he gurgles out an expression of serious agony that is loud enough to be heard even in his state of suffocation. Round terrified eyes meet those of ones filled with pure psychopathic rage as I line up the offending appendage that caused me to leap from the safety of sanity down to the death drop of its opposite. Somewhere deep inside - below the abyss of rage and intense agony I’m drowning in - I know exactly what he’s thinking and feeling right now. Both of his legs hurt like someone branded them with a hot iron and now things are numb down there. He feels that unpleasant rubbery sensation that comes with having your thighs truly busted up and knows that any kind of intricate footwork will be a pipe dream after what has been done to him.
Right now I have my feet solidly planted on the floor - spurred by the immense pain I felt and still feel - while that nut grabbing bastard is still struggling to slide out of stomping range so he may take a knee. I see his eyes travel to the knife as he moves and, cleverly, he attempts a side-over-side roll that dodges another stomp and puts him nearly close enough to grab ahold of it. However, I instinctively comprehend his plan - higher brain function being a pipe dream for me this time - and know he desires this beacon of hope in his grubby nut grabbing fingers and so draw through the stomp and carry the weight over so I may wide-step close enough to that which he has invested his life into and boot it with a vicious bloody smile well out of reach.
Projected onto the ugly metal walls surrounding us as the one prone me faces its vile rage-possessed original is footage of my girls playing a game with Pale. This must have been while the adults were churning it out in the bedroom and appears to be from a single badly positioned camera - perhaps a spot the painters missed - up on the roof somewhere. My girls were most probably both concerned and terrified by what took place in the kitchen just a short while before when they were present, but they aren’t showing it in the video. I recognize the game as one that Patrica likes and Pale is very engaged in playing it with her and Sandra. Viewing this now, I decide without even a hint of doubt or regret that I’m absolutely going to send this asshole on to the pits of whatever hell people like us belong in for what he’s made me do and, as a result, caused the permanent separation of mommy number two (aka. me) from her wonderful children. 
Having finally got his footing, the man leaps forward unsteadily and I see what he’s after. Switch has given him a clear message about what he needs to do to gain some notable value out of his efforts here today. Me Number Two probably already suspects that the win is mine and that I am only seconds away from finishing him off. Devious as the AI is, he has presented a seemingly sure opportunity that only one as stupefied by pain, air deprivation and injury as my opponent would even dare to consider a valid target given the state I am in. In this case Pale is the bait - her end meaning the loss of her unequalled protective abilities and perhaps death at the hands of whoever they’ll send after me once they find that the president is dead. I find the method uncouth but inspiring in the correct manner and in that moment really lose it simply because attacking a child has become - after all those times where I chose immorality and partook of the killing of all ages in my pursuit of the burn - absolutely and completely wrong.
For several seconds I am nothing more than the embodiment of pure, unadulterated raged as Me Number Two seeks his final boon before his time is done and, with speed so terrifying that it comes as a shock to even my addled mind, I knee him straight in the head as he bends down to grip Pale’s neck with the last of the energy left in him in an attempt to slam her into the floor and bust open her skull against its unforgiving surface so its contents can be emptied all over the ugly surface. The accuracy of my act of pure brutality is so perfectly positioned, so horrifically perfect, that the man performs a half backflip that has his own head colliding against that very same metal floor he desired to slam my protector and charge into and there is a very pronounced crack that comes with this: The sound of bone giving way and of a jagged line under the flesh being formed where fluids and other essential elements can puddle out to pool, sludge and die.
My eyes are on my children as I raise my right foot and hammer it down into my 5 seconds’ chest repeatedly. I love those girls. I should have been better to them; I should have spent more time there in the house than at work doing... Truthfully, in the end, with all said and done, what? Making currency that I’ll never have the chance to spend on them? Taking risks to fulfill a need for a long dead rush in me, even when those risks lead me here? What exactly was I doing and for whom and why? Am I really as selfish as - in the last hours of my life - I clearly perceive I am? 
My foot comes up and down over and over again as these humbling thoughts comes upon me with the blistering epiphany-like honesty of an addict in a moment of pure sobriety. There are sounds as I continue my necessary work but I only hear the voices of those most precious to me in my head as it is done. It occurs to me somewhere around the 7th squelching stomp that even to Pale I have been unkind. She also deserved more. I should have given her better food and played games with her more often. I truly see the state of her in those seconds of wraith. There she stands an emotionless machine-killer overtaken by the overlay that controls whatever makes her what she is. To my eyes it is glorious but, in the end, also deeply, deeply wrong. I have failed so many and I should...
From the beaten mess on the floor comes that unmistakable gurgling, gargling rasp that emits from the near dead. I look down and see that Me Number Two is glassy eyed - done, expended, finished - and that the ‘soul’, if such a word suits this situation, has left the clone of my old body and all that remains is the still breathing but pretty much dead shell of what was once me.
The beating good and finished, I collapse beside him with one arm thrown over his chest.
“Switch,” I breath. “Is there... huh... any connection... s... huh... in this room?”
A three toned beeping sounds emits from my trousers’ left side pocket and I struggle to remove the cube from within. The AI appears in his teddy bear form above the Smasher 500.
“Sorry about having to utilize this device to talk. I had to implement some code I’ve been working on since our conversation on the shuttle because there’s no easy way for me to reach your auditory implants in this room with the basic tech you have and the sheer lack of modern gear in here.”
I wave a hand dismissively and he leans in.
“You really look like shit. You know that, right?”
“Uh-huhhh...”
For a time the teddy bear’s eyes glow.
“There are two connections in this room,” Switch states with some surprise.
“Got-ya.”
I lie flat and just breathe. Darkness comes and I jerk awake a minute later as Pale slaps me lightly across the back of the head while Switch encourages her to him me harder.
“Thanks,” I grumble.
It takes me a good 3 to 5 minutes to stand and when I do, I realize that there is something seriously wrong - worse than I thought - with the family jewels. 
“I’m hurt,” I groan in a strained whisper loaded with agony - mostly for my own benefit as telling those witnessing my pain about how I feel helps ease it fractionally.
Holding my crotch in my good hand, I turn slowly towards the control panel a good 25 meters from where Me Number Two is still breathing but no longer present within the body he most likely has merely abandoned.
“Do you think they’ll let me have a medical drone?” I ask.
Switch laughs. I cringe a little on hearing that gerbil sound from the 100 years plus old small units’ low quality speakers. It sounds like someone is mincing up the little furry creature and for some reason the beastie thinks that the activity is amusing. Unfortunately for me, the sound continues to ring in my concussed mind well after the laughter has stopped and I get to hear it repeated endlessly as I get to moving towards the large console.
“I think they’ll put you out of your misery when they arrive,” Switch notes on viewing my shuffling progress towards my destination through the Smasher’s front camera.
I laugh at this comment and the act hurts me all up and down my chest and belly and down to my groin and beyond. Truth is that they probably will and I’m not sure I wouldn’t welcome the escape from the hurt I’m in. At least my balls won’t sting like a hot poker has been rammed straight through my scrotum and into my bladder and rectum when I’m dead.
“I hope so,” is my semi-heartfelt reply.
The distance to the console that controls the Moon cannon feels like a swift barefoot trip across the hot sands of some acrid desert. The sensation running from my groin down to my toes indicates that the welling ache of pain emanating from the source of Ray Boat’s seed is getting worse. I stop and slide down onto the console with one arm slung over the metallic edge and suck in deep breaths. Beside me Pale stares at my bent form blankly and the cube in my hand has become slick from the blood (some of it my own) running down over my knuckles and down to the fingers that grip it and, because of that, I put it on the edge of the machine next to the console with the inbuilt camera facing towards me so that Switch can see my final glory.
“What will you do?” the AI asks.
I smirk tiredly at him and drag myself up with an effort of will that I find admirable. My little trip away from the apartment was to a spot where I knew I could contact another AI that I have used in the past without going through The Seven. Honestly, it was like talking to a chunk of cheese compared to my conversations with The Authority’s best attempt at Frankenstein next to me, but it got the job done. That AI provided me with instructions on how to fire the cannon and my hands glide over the ancient touchscreen, passing through screen after screen, until it comes to the targeting map.
“Firing this cannon is really not a good idea,” Switch notes as I circle an area just out at sea on the Cali coastline.
“Isn’t it?” I ask in return.
The teddy bear nods its head. He is certain.
“No, it really, really isn’t.”
I stand there looking down at the targeted zone and wonder if Switch’s dismissal of my intended action is based on what he might know is hidden just off the coast or just a general disdain for what my plan of action and its results are. 
I smile at the thought. In the end, it was actually rather easy to figure out where the client’s hideout is after some thought about the coordinates supplied when I checked Pale’s health and location and the status of the silence command earlier on the software that I was provided via my partner in crime here. That became even easier when the low grade AI I employed temporarily unraveled - with quite a bit of instruction admittedly - the tangled mess that is the cleanup job being undertaken of the N-Tech Chemicals’ spillage of their dangerous tech and chemical concoctions into the sea near their primary Cali factory and production plant. There was one area - just on the spot where Pale was - that had seen a near complete cleanup. The efforts so far to properly remove the waste and so on floating about off the coast have mostly been hampered by the many, many layers of corporate greed involved. However, that was not true for that one single spot.
For someone like myself, this was all the confirmation I needed. The client is living in an undersea villa - popular a half century ago when the water and fauna were better - right in the middle of the spill. Honestly, it really was a brilliant place to hide because, first, no one is going to look there for him - not without a REALLY good reason and even then... - and, second, I doubt he gets out much, so that keeps him well out of The Authority’s, or anyone else’s, line of sight. Of course, it also explains why he so heavily favored the use of the high-end Speedster vehicles over the typical old money luxury passenger transporters the rich prefer because they are amphibious and have an outer body that can easily tank the chemical damage from passing through the many toxic layers of the N-Tech mess.
Overall, I wouldn’t have put two and two together if I hadn’t followed up that very unlikely lead of Pale being out in the ocean. It was somewhat obvious in hindsight but who really would have thought he would be out there? Thinking of exactly how much something like that would have cost and the pull in specific companies the client must have to make such an arrangement possible is enough to give me a headache - concussion or not - and even now I’m not 100% sure that I’m right.
“I want to tell you something,” Switch says as I run my finger seductively over the dialogue box that’s bountiful contents, in sum, amount to ‘are you REALLY sure?’ with me very much leaning towards answering with an extremely enthusiastic ‘YES’.
“We have time,” I offer on sensing in the tone of his synthesized voice that his long-awaited confessional moment is finally at hand. “What is it?”
“I lied about not being you.”
I nod. It hurts a little. I think we all kinda guessed that was the case - you, my imaginary besties, and myself, of course.
“I thought so,” I allow, knowing that further revelations will be forthcoming shortly.
The teddy bear tilts its head to the side and states “It’s not what you think” on seeing the knowing and expectant look in my eyes.
I try to laugh but then grunt in some seriously not okay pain. Fuck me, I think to just myself for once after so long without addressing Mr. Me personally, I’m pretty fucking beat. Right now, right here, my ears are throbbing like the bass boost just kicked in and my eyes are misty like I’m tearing up over a lovey-dovey scene in an AI prepared Rom-Com. I feel a sudden urge on realizing how screwed up my body is to push the ‘YES’ button right away to escape this ache, but suppress it because I want to give time to my buddie old pal Switch for what is probably going to be our last little powwow before the baddies come and put me down like the bad doggo I’ve been. Anyway, as we all know, last minute convos are always the bestest of the best and, truthfully, I’d hate to miss out on this unresolved plot point in the story of a fucking idiot who got himself chewed up, spit out and ground-pound ass fucked by his own dearest second self and friends. Gotta do the whole ‘Ray Boat (or whatever) Makes The World Burn’ thing to its damnedest, right?
“Alright then, Switch. Lay it on me.”
A pause - one both potent and poignant.
“The process they forced me through molds three of the executed onto the base of a complex high-end AI...”
I run my good hand through my blood coated hair on hearing this and intone a less than enthusiastic high ending, long trailing “Okay...” that full implies that perhaps I shouldn’t have let him continue because already I’m not liking where this is going.
“... and one of those attached to my central self is you.”
“And...?”
“And, he keeps screaming at me your very last thought before the Warpath stopped all of your conscious functions.”
“He is saying ‘Don’t burn it down’, isn’t he?”
The teddy bear tilts its head to the side again in what goes for a perplexed pose for a holographic soft toy.
“You remember?”
“No. It’s just that people keep telling me that and it would make sense that would be my thinking flat on my back and near my end on the table back then.”
“Good. I’m glad you understand.” A pause. “Soooo..., bearing in mind that he is being QUITE loud, is ‘burning it down’ what you intend to do here today?”
“No,” I say with certainty. “I’m taking the high road, despite what you think I’m about to do. I’m just going to burn down this one little spot right here.” I tap my finger on the middle of the glowing kill radius I’ve circled on the screen. “It’s where that sneaky handsome bastard is hiding and I think he needs to understand how sincerely I wish him to take his leave from this world.”
Switch shakes his head.
“Your family will be the ones to pay for this. You understand that, right?”
“Who says they can be found?”
The surprise is obvious on the teddy bear’s features. My mouth opens to boast of how wonderfully devious Senor Me is, but then a flower the shape of a rose, except it being made of blood rather than plant matter, flows forth from the front of my neck and splatters the wall beyond the console in sickly red.
A strangled and panicked “Shit...” is all I manage to get out before the inner structures of my throat tear apart completely and leave me mute.
I fall forwards and collapse beside what looks like a bright red blood flower that is slowly painting teardrop-like lines down the dull gray metal wall like arrows pointing the way to my inevitable destination below. I follow them down as I desperately clutch at the smooth, slick surface in an attempt to stay standing until I reach a position on my ass from which I get to stare at the owner of the smoking gun that muted me so effectively as he stands near the elevator with it still pointed in my direction.
The shooter is breathing very hard, I note, and on seeing me laid low waves the weapon at me tiredly as he places his free hand on his left knee and takes long, hard intakes of air in an endeavor to achieve a more dignified state. His recovery takes a good minute or so and when he finally becomes able to stand tall and speak proudly, he holds up the same six shooter that the client had on his desk and threatened me with and says with a smug smile, “No electronics.”
My head rolls back and I open my mouth to speak but no sound but a gurgle comes out. The metal slug must have passed straight through the back of my neck on its left and out the front-right while taking a good chunk of the flesh with it. If I wasn’t in this body - a law enforcer clone tough enough to handle this kind of punishment and still keep breathing - then I’d be dead and done right now.
He strolls over and looks at Pale.
“Put one hand on your head for 3 seconds please.”
For exactly three seconds the child does this.
“Thought so.”
He bends down and pats her on the head.
“The thing in her can’t tell the difference between us it seems,” Me Number Two in the flesh of the President of The Authority explains. “It thinks I’m you.”
The twice dead man leans forward and inspects Switch.
“Kill the AI.”
Nothing happens.
“See,” he points out with a shrug, “can’t tell the difference.”
He runs the gun up against his head thoughtfully then puts it on the console and inspects my handiwork.
“Smart.”
For a time his fingers work industriously on the very old touch screen. I can’t see his face, but the way that Switch’s avatar slides back in utter horror is profoundly disturbing.
“Damn terrorists,” my 5 seconds states with a laugh that confirms he’s really, truly My Number Two. “Always trying to one up themselves.”
The man squats down and inspects me as I struggle against the alluring pull of gravity and the lack of lifeblood in my stabilizing muscles to maintain a seated position against the wall that I have left a mean red streak down during my abrupt trip from standing to this position right here. He notes with a tired smile my one working hand clutching my neck in what is a purely instinctive attempt to live just a fraction longer than the numbing loss of red, rich life welling forth around my unfeeling digits is telling me that I have left.
“Do you want to see what you are about to do, terrorist?”
I’m drawn up to his side despite how I shake my head in reply in what I intend to mean as a very firm ‘No, thank you, sir.’ The one saving grace of him lifting me like this is, after losing so much blood at such a rapid pace, that at least my balls don’t hurt like they would have if he’d lifted me prior to giving me a bullet-driven new air hole to breathe through. However, when I see what I - now a terrorist bent on mass destruction - have planned, I become fairly certain that my busted two retract upward just a little in utter horror at the act of mass hysteria I apparently desire to undertake.
“There’s 40 million people within this strike range,” he says conversationally, as if talking about the recent hot and clear weather or the blandness of the office drinks dispenser’s best attempt at ‘coffee’. “That’s a nice burn, right?”
I shake my head in a liar’s rejection of the wonder of this gorgeous offering to The Burn that he has decided I, personally, will have the honor of making. My face contracts as if experiencing real pain on witnessing the magnificent size of his target zone and recognizing how the responsibility for the deaths of a seductive triple baker’s dozen in the millions of lives will be partly mine for starting the process towards this catastrophe in my now lost chance to remove the main villain from the hero’s story I’ve built my adventure on the Moon up to be in my mind. No, this is not what I wanted, tempting as it is. My chosen target was precise: A single point, minimal damage (Sure, some people were gonna get theirs, but not a lot, not too many. Well, okay, a few thousand, but that’s small change in the face of the benefit to the world I was going to bring about, right? I mean, why worry over a few extra eggs when the omelette will be so damned tasty once cooked?)
Despite the odds and biological implausibilities of this, I feel a chub coming on downstairs and clutch my thighs together in a weak attempt at modesty. I had given up on burning the world down in exchange for removing the bigger threat to me and my family, hadn’t I? I’m not actually getting hard right now because my dick knows just how fucking marvelous a burn like this will be. No, this bastard has turned my good work into something terrible, something insane - wrong, bad, not okay... Am I crazy to think that when I’m peaking mid-chub with a neck wound? No, no, this is not right...
Oh shit... I’m into it, comes the thought. I’m peaking because of this wonderful fucking idea...
“Would you like to push the button, terrorist?”
The man is smiling like a cat about to be fed and there is no randomization this time to hide the pleasure he feels in making this offer to me. This bastard must have had a small fleet of medical and tech drones set up in that grand golden edifice to The Authority’s might and superiority and well within easy access of the president’s offices while still just outside Pale’s maximum range. They’d have hooked a line straight into the president’s body once the necessary repairs were done and it was functional yet vacant. Then, once it was clear his biz here wasn’t going his way, he’d have leapfrogged from the clone of our now dead past self to the big boss man here and, afterwards, must have dog sprinted it all the way from the office while stopping only long enough to collect ‘Plan B’ sitting there on the console, which I’m guessing the client (perhaps suspecting that our battles of egos would end in my favor) most likely supplied him if I couldn’t be beat in a ‘fair’ fight.
“I know what you are thinking. You are wondering why didn’t I just let you go ahead and do what you had planned here, right? I mean, it would have been simpler and the effect the same, yeah?”
I wasn’t but that is only because he’s probably been three steps ahead of me this whole time and I am currently operating under the influence of a severe concussion which is being worsened by seriously heavy blood loss.
“Well, it is because - and you are going to just love this - I’ve figured out the one damn requirement to shut that fucking voice of yours off in my head, Sammy-boy. It’s the same damn one that our digital brother here was talking about just as I came in.”
Mr. President (aka. Me Number Two) gives me a sincerely disgusted look that makes me feel a tad ashamed as I can already guess what he’s about to say next.
“Could you have at least thought something more worthwhile than ‘I shouldn’t have burned it down’ in your final moments? I mean, I have had to live with that stupid phrase repeating in my mind this whole time and now, only now, is there blessed silence.” He leans in and stares into my dulled gaze and asks, “Do you get how irritating you pussying out in the last moments of your life was for me, Sam?”
I would apologize but my head is too numb to form a clear sentence. My eyebrows crinkle together in confusion as I realize I’m about to die but for some reason can only vaguely remember why.
He sighs, sit back on his heels and pushes out a long out-breath.
“Listen, I’m sorry about shooting you in the neck, okay. I was worried that I was wrong about the unit here. I didn’t honestly think that dying would come upon you this fast, alright.”
The President of The Authority jimmies me up a little at his side and takes my right hand with his free hand and unwinds my limp index finger so it is positioned over the confirmation button on the console below.
“One more big bang for us,” he says, almost sadly. “Shall we make it burn just one last time?”
I meet his eyes and my chest shakes. I start laughing silently and he joins me. Fuck it. Fuck it all. I came to burn something and I’m going to damn well do it.
Without his help I thump my unfeeling digit down on the big blue ‘yes’ button and the room shakes and rattles like its about break apart. Above us a beam of virgin white light is curving around with perfect trajectory towards the state of California. We can’t see the impact of that beam, but I imagine that the great amount of heat it produces is melting down every structure like antique plastic toys over a hot flame and incinerating every living or non-living thing in the area until not even the dust of their cremation remains. In a few seconds of pure clarity, I see in my mind the pictures of Denver II I was shown as a young boy being schooled in my sleep. All that will be left is flat land with nothing but the most resistant of structures still standing. 40 million lives - a mixture of rich and poor - burned by my own hand. What a fucking glorious thing to have undertaken.
I slide from his side to a ugly, disjointed floppy pose against the floor and wall as the copious amount of blood that has run down my now deep red stained business shirt has made me too slick for him to hold. I feel it now - that feeling from so long ago. I am a god. I am the flame. Truly, truly, I am The Burn, the world ender, the fire.
The president - Me Number Two - settles down beside me without a word. He slings one arm over my hunched shoulders and my head slides to his chest where he breathes quietly for a few moments before asking me his question.
“Was it everything you thought it would be?” he whispers, tears sliding from his eyes, loss and fear and agony - all things I don’t feel, the antitheses of me, expressed on his features.
I nod slightly and he nods back in return in a gesture both understanding and empathetic of his little old crazy original’s madness.
“This thing... ah, shit, is what I didn’t want to do,” he expresses quietly with total honesty in his voice. “We are sowing chaos but there’s good reasons for it. I promise you that those citizens didn’t lose their lives in vain, but, fuck me, do I wish that it wasn’t necessary.”
Me Number Two kicks out a leg and stares down at his highly polished real leather shoe. It has specks of my blood on it.
“I wish it didn’t have to be this way, Samuel. If only...” A pause then a sad, “Oh...”
He draws my head up by the chin and looks down into my soulless eyes and knows he won’t be getting a response because I’ve already gone ahead. What he sees is that the husk is alive, if barely, and the ‘me’ - that soul I keep turning my nose up at - has surged off down the digital lines he has either impeded the function of or kept operational depending on whether he wants me out of the game completely or not.
My head is released as he lets it fall to his chest once more and I imagine he smiles as one does when amused. You see, every good anarchist knows that when you are going to do a thing that puts you on the razor edge of death’s implement of reaping, you had better damn well have a way out. Fortunately, just like old times, I have my ‘insurance policy’ paid and prepared and so out I go and all that is left for My Number Two is the body of a terrorist he’ll be blaming our joint action of mass destruction on later.
And it is with no fanfare that once again, for the second time in my life, I die yet not really. This is, to say the least, quite the trippy experience.
AFTERLIFE

“Stop him. He’s killing himself,” someone is shouting.
My eyes are popping-outta-their-sockets wide and I’m seeing things afresh. This new world hurts, stings, and aches and yet is breathtakingly beautiful, if a little asphyxiatingly dull around the edges, and I can feel I’m alive - incredibly, safely, wonderfully ALIVE! - and not dead like I thought I might have been when Mr. President showed up to make me a bad man one last glorious time.
Obstructing my view of the grotty composite concrete ceiling is some dirty looking, tattoo covered techy in a pale yellow lab coat with cybernetics and a children’s puzzle of tats covering most of his face. His fingers are wrapped around my own and trying to wrench them off the front of my throat where I can still feel the sting of the phantom bullet that drained my body dry however long ago it was from the Moon to this place right here down the digital tunnel to safety I travelled.
“Sam, you have to stop this.”
It’s my good old buddy Jarvis. I note that he’s looking casual, clean cut, tanned and has blackened his hair in the typical way that seniors that don’t ‘freshen’ their skin up too often because of cost or distrust do when taking illegal kink tours overseas.
“Let.Fucking.Go!” the flesh dealer grunts as he finally parts hand from neck with an exasperated look of displeasure at been made to undertake the unwelcome effort.
I choke for awhile as gulps of air find purchase in the barren land of my starved lungs then turn and spit up wads of saliva. As I do this, I note that there are four quite brawny thug-looking fellows leaning disinterestedly against the far wall next to a semi-translucent sheet hung from the ceiling that provides light privacy to what looks to be at least five different bodies that have been stretched, sliced and cleaned by one of the pile of filthy laser knives on the floating trolley neighboring the table that the mutilated dead lie upon. Some choice parts, I notice, have been packaged in that way that old European butchers did meat back in the day in white wrapping with stickers on the sides listing the contents for sale. It makes me want to throw up a little, but this isn’t my first time in a human butcher shop and so I don’t.
“I’m good. I’m good,” I mutter when Jarvis tries to roll me over with concern on his features.
He steps away and I nearly gasp in surprise when I realize I’m seeing the man out of both of my eyes. I blink my left eye twice and the inbuilt display that I normally would have been able to see if my inorganic part had ever functioned properly appears. It comes to me that Jarvis probably assumed I’d still be blind in my left and so went ahead and filled my head with the usual tech so that the transition to the land of the living would be that much easier.
A smile spreads over my features when I realize how quickly and clearly these thoughts came to me. It’s like the clouds of a vast snowstorm have dissipated and a brilliant spring blue sky has replaced them. I quickly figure out that Switch must have overwritten my brain during my trip here with a copy of the executed version of myself that The Authority grafted to the central hub of artificial intelligence he acts as because I can now remember looking at myself in Ray Boat’s body outside that damn robot run cafe I frequented so often throughout my time working with Switch. This also explains why I’m able to see out of my left as the damage done to my brain has now been undone through the correction or addition of this new information and the connections it has formed.
Sitting up a little, I find myself marveling at my own new level of swift thinking until it comes to me that I don’t really have time to. The fact that I’m still breathing - rather than simply dead data stuck somewhere along the way to here in need of purging - implies all kinds of unpleasantries that could lead to a very similar result as that chilling digital death would have along my escape route.
“Clear the pipeline,” I grunt at the techy to kick off things with the most pressing order of business on the agenda.
“What?” he blurts back belligerently and perhaps not-so-mildly intoxicatedly.
I feel the urge to retort back with a comment about his seemingly limited intelligence but know that, with what I just did, working with imbeciles is kind of a given and so suppress the urge through a great effort of will. Furthermore, as his accent is French sounding, we are almost certainly in old Europe in one of the slums near a lesser city or a big hobo town. Across the globe the only ones who bother to speak with that cursed accent are those too poor or too stupid to have their minds remapped so they can speak otherwise. What this means is that this chop shop is without a doubt not first rate by anyone’s standard and likely doesn’t have a connection secure enough to keep the kind of bad guys being sent after me away for very long and, therefore, I have no time to dally with numbnuts here. Hence, I get straight to the point. 
“I can’t remember something. My mother, I think. The details are there but not her face. I’d say I lost the visual element of them but not the base information,” I explain to the resident ‘doctor’ like an adult does to a poorly schooled kid.
I can see that he now knows what I mean and bursts into action.
“A few minutes,” he offers then sprints into the only other room in the converted apartment.
I turn to Jarvis.
“Help me up, please.”
As he does I feel the telltale weight of what he has hidden in his left jacket pocket brush up against my hand. When he notes me noting, the intermediary raises both eyebrows and I nod slightly.
“Fuck, I need to take a piss,” I comment with an adjustment of the plaid trousers they dressed me in and a pained grunt.
I slide off the floating table and steady myself via a hand on a set of screens someone wheeled over, which fortunately show my vitals as being rock solid cool considering what I’m about to do, and angle myself towards the four big bad lads as I work for balance against the light nausea afflicting me. Meanwhile, my left hand has run up the side of my face, as if to scratch an itch, and my index finger prods hard up into the second depression inserted into my skull right next to the one that detaches the eye. To them, they are seeing a tired man being tired and needing the poop chute near the converted kitchen. On my side, I am seeing a targeting overlay pop into view and drawing a line with left eye over the hired helps’ necks.
The furthest to right is the only one who actually has any time to react but by then it’s too little, too late. A line of clear laser light slices each of their heads clean off their shoulders. These topple down in advance of their bodies and, after popping out my artificial eye and putting it in my pocket so it can cool down, I stroll through to the other room to find all is going as planned.
Inside Jarvis has his dart dispenser at the ready and pointed at the the techy who had - up until the rude entry of my partner in multiple murders here - been working on a big screen fixed on one stale looking wall. I glance it over and tell the aging middleman he can off the terrified technician at his leisure and he does so promptly.
The body hits the ground with a puckering of darts powdering his cheeks and forehead and I step past it.
“He’s over here,” I say.
There are a bunch of thick cabinets that are about human sized lining the far wall and I note a comfortably warm breeze emitting from around the edges of the panels that hide what is within when I approach.
Touching the panel for compartment 5 with my right hand, it curves fluidly into base of the opening that appears and I gain access to a hovering bed which I then pull out. The boy on it is blond and of about average build and appearance for the times with a faintly European flair to his features. Unfortunately, he’s also in a coma state which he hasn’t yet awakened from and so I am required to speed things along, even though I’d have rather let things happen naturally.
“Pass me that red dispenser.”
The other man does. I admire the thing for a second or two before putting it to use. Who would have thought they’d use 10,000mg of a simple stimulant like caffeine to wake a clone from its induced sleep? It feels kind of ironic given my preclusion for this most wonderful of legal drugs and I feel an electrifying sense of envy after I jab the thing to the boy’s bare chest and his eyes snap open in delightful full wakefulness. Of course, problematically, he too grabs his neck in a chokehold and starts on finishing what I started in the other room.
“Calm, calm,” I urge as I brute force his fingers away from the red marked flesh.
“What the fuck?” he blurts out in shock and surprise on laying eyes on me.
“Oh no...” Jarvis groans.
I chuckle at his dismay and give him an amused smirk.
The boy sits up straight on the bed and I admire what a hefty amount of caffeine in a fresh body can achieve. His hand runs out and up to my face and he shakes his head with an expression of awe on his features.
“Do you know what body you are in?” he whispers in intrepid astonishment.
For a second I just stand there and then it clicks. This new me is a little too clearheaded. It becomes obvious that I’m not in just some regular disposable civilian clone but something special, something unexpected and different. I go to the big screen showing Mini Me’s condition and turn on the front cam so I can get a good look at myself.
“How?” I utter in shock.
Jarvis strolls over and admires the quality of the work done.
“Jennifer had some semen in a storage container. We used that.”
I turn a light shade of pale.
“The ovary?”
“Synthetic. Don’t worry,” the aging gent says with a knowing grin. “You are technically your children’s half-brother but in no way genetically related to your wife.”
I run my hands over my ugly trousers and take a thankful breath. This is good. I was about to have a massive freaking out just there for a bit.
The boy walks over and offers me a red dispenser.
“Later,” I say, pocketing it as a junkie does their stuff. I then turn to him fully and ask the question: “Are you in or are you out?”
“In, of course.”
Jarvis gives us both a look.
“Get him some clothing,” I tell the man. “We can talk about how I’m going to make you rich later.”
He hesitates and appears keen to ask about the aforementioned riches - as any self-respecting greed driven gent would - and so I add, “You should probably hurry when you do it because, most likely, a certain someone has already dispatched agents of The Authority to clean up all traces of the caper he’s pulled off and trust me when I say that we don’t want to be here when they arrive.”
This news gets him moving at light speed and in no time we are heading out of the filthy apartment and down a dilapidated hallway to an old rusty metal door that leads to the roof.
“Nice ride,” I note with sarcasm when we come out onto the open area up top.
Jarvis just shrugs and says nothing and the boy laughs in an amused fashion that speaks of me.
“It is the only one I could find without an AI driver. I assumed you want to keep a low profile, correct?”
“Can you actually drive something like this?”
“I could in my youth.”
We get inside. It’s weird having a driver’s seat and a passenger seat and not just a general seating area.
“Where’s Jennifer and the girls?”
“A hotel. A safe one.”
“Have them move as soon as we get where we are going,” I tell him. “Things are going to get a little weird.”
“How so?”
There is a medium sized touch display from last century on the peeling cured leather dashboard. I tap at it dumbly and start pushing the numerous cluttered buttons that appear on the screen as I try to force the device to connect to the world in a way that it wasn’t built for circa a long time ago.
“You have to hit the one on the right there to make a private connection,” Me Number Three says from the backseat.
I give him a look and roll my eyes.
“You are only a half hour of me,” I remind. “Don’t get too uppity.”
Mini Me rolls his eyes back with a look that basically says “Sure, grandpa” in response.
When the grainy undersaturated footage of what had up until recently been a mix of different Cali real estate appears on the screen, Jarvis nearly sideswipes us into a half crumbled apartment block.
“This is not what I was expecting,” he intones after taking several long unsteady breaths to calm himself. “Was this part of the plan?”
“No. I tried to double cross the client but it turns out they anticipated that and had other ideas about what needed to be done.”
“You said ‘they’,” Jarvis notes.
“I did. Me Number Two was in on it.”
A long, pained groan emits from the older man’s lips.
“I’m beginning to wish I never met you or any of your other yous.” He glances to the back seat and adds, “No offense intended.”
The boy shrugs and offers, “I feel exactly the same way.” He then smiles and leans forward. “However, you might change your mind on that soon. Why don’t you tell him about the golden lining of this whole sordid situation?”
I also glance back. So Mini Me has figured things out, huh? This kid is smart. Maybe as smart as, if not smarter than, me when I was floating my boat in the good waters of Ray before.
“Now that I have my full functionality back and am not too stupid to see the trees through the forest, it has become pretty clear that our friend in the 92nd has been playing us all along and the client is probably the one who set him up to it.”
“Okay...” comes slow, easy, but hopeful from Jarvis’s lips.
I give him a very pleased smile.
“Do you want to be rich beyond your wildest dreams, Mr. Stein?”
He glances my way and then back to the buildings we are travelling among to hide our passage away from the butcher shop slash insurance policy center.
“Yes, but only if I’m alive to spend it.”
“Don’t worry. You will be,” I tell him.
I sit back and find the front passenger seat springy and uncomfortable but good enough for now.
“How important are your memories, Jarvis?”
“Not as important as staying alive,” he says.
“Good. Very good.” I turn off the tantalizing footage of my life’s greatest success because it is making me uncomfortably sexually aroused and it is going to be at least a few weeks before I can see my lady love again.
I pull out my now lightly warm artificial eye from my left trouser pocket and pop it into place. For a few seconds I lightly caress the outside to ensure the eye is firmly set in place and then sit admiring the view and marveling at the gift of sight I have been given by my AI ex-partner. Then, I get down to business.
“First, our employer - the client - is actually the founder of The Authority. You remember how he simply up and disappeared one day, right? Everyone said he was dead but no one in the corp confirmed it: One day he was there and next not - no announcement, funeral or fanfare, no anything. It was like he never existed at all; business as usual, sure, but it was too seamless, too clean.”
Silence follows and I let Jarvis have some time to process this new scrap of information. The man is smart to be scared of scary things and he’s sharp enough to be already digesting the implications of what I have just said. In this case, if he’s willing to face the fear it brings about then fortune can be found and, luckily, the man is as greedy as they get and so I have faith he’ll find his mettle shortly.
When I can see by the straightening of his spine and speculative look in his eyes that he has done the math and seen the benefits, I continue without concern for him breaking down midway and running us into a building to avoid the threat of what could happen to us if all this goes pear shaped.
“So, Jarvis, to lay another interesting tidbit on you, do you know when the Warpath was invented?”
“No, I don’t. I bet you do though.”
“I just happen to. That little beastie was out of the alpha testing phase just a few months before our employer performed his disappearing act.” I pause and smile. “That’s kinda interesting when you think about it, right? A new bit of tech that made executions more ‘humane’ is finally ready for a wider market test and, poof, the founder vanishes from the mega-corp scene.”
I keep smiling because I have more to offer and Jarvis waits for me to provide it. 
“Of course, being a recipient of that ‘humane’ treatment, I did some research in it post and prior to my ‘execution’. The details are shady as hell and I sourced this from some super secret corporate files that cost me a pretty penny to just to have a glance over, but some of the early data is pretty specific when it comes to a certain early use case and whoever the test subject was they had some serious pull because the budgetary expenditures for that one person were what you’d expect for the development of some world changing new miracle cure.”
I sigh and stare out at the view for a bit.
“Best guess is someone outside the organization Warpathed our dear old boss right in the middle of his twilight years,” I say. “The barrage of data and tests he ordered up were needed to advance the science behind the twisted pill forced on him enough to have him functioning somewhere near what would be considered normal.” 
“Sounds terrible,” Jarvis notes. 
“Yeah, sucks, right? I bet the evil bastard has been mucking around in a multitude of bodies ever since his d-day with no real power to speak of because right after his ‘disappearance’ we had all those topnotch execs springing out of the woodwork to make a name for themselves. No doubt there was a power struggle, but when you are a bunch of data stuck in the system and trying to figure your way back to being something functionally human, it’s hard to hold on to what you had I’m guessing.”
I laugh and run my fingers over my trouser legs excitedly. I almost feel hard thinking about who the hell it was that had the balls to do the founder that dirty and, if we are being straight here, it couldn’t have been done at a more perfect time because The Authority was on a rocket ship-like upward trajectory to something truly great when that somebody stuck a stick straight through the front wheel of that shit show. Just thinking about that handsome fucker waking up in some hardcore old science digital body locked up in a corp server somewhere and all his precious power going ‘poof and goodbye’ just like that... It almost makes me wish it had been me who did the deed, even though all this happened several generations before I even came into being. The glory of this devilish work rivals even my 40 million strong killing spree and, let’s be honest, that was fucking sexy as hell in its own right.
“Of course,” I continue after this uncomfortably hot silence, “Mr. Founder desperately wanted what was his back, but by then the new-blood had gained too much power and most likely pulled out every trick in the book to silence the old so the new could thrive.” I nod to myself in satisfaction. “It must have been terrible sitting there watching them run his mega-corp for nearly a full century without his involvement as the corp gained so much power that The Authority became the government of one of the richest sections of the entire modern world.”
“So, how does this link with our situation?” Jarvis asks when my revelry gets too long.
“A hostile takeover.”
“A what?”
“It’s simple, Jarvis. That was their plan from the very beginning. However, the execution was clever because they did it on two fronts. First, they took the presidency and now have a familiar and friendly face in control who will do what he’s told because the man dwelling within has lost his way and desires only stability. And, second, the mega-corp’s value after the terrorist attack using the Authority’s own big stick is no doubt dropping like water through a sieve and so a full buyout will be possible.”
This makes Jarvis’s eyes widen considerably.
“The amount of money he’d need...”
I am cheerful now. My mood catches on quickly in the cab of the flying deathtrap we are in. Jarvis, Mini Me and I are jiving - the participants in this two-step into dangerous territory are coming into sync finally - and, hence, the game is fully on.
“Fucking outstanding, isn’t it?” I purr. “I bet you he’s been swapping bodies for a long, long while waiting for this big buyout bonanza. With enough time given our ‘special insight’ into the situation, I reckon that we could figure out exactly which regular corps and mega-corps he has under his thumb. Even the other investors... Still, he’s going to front the majority because he wants control. Half a company wouldn’t do. He wants everything back. Without a doubt, no half measures are going to be applied there.”
Of course, Jarvis is smart and a survivalist too and so he asks the right questions.
“Who is the president now?” is his first, him obviously already knowing the answer but needing to hear it from the horse’s mouth regardless.
“Why, Jarvis, do you really need me to confirm that for you? It’s little old me. Specifically, Me Number Two. Neat, right?”
“Oh shit...”
I shrug in response as his expletive trails off. He doesn’t seem that enthused by the idea of me leading a huge swath of what was the best country in the whole wide world, but that doesn’t really matter because I’m enthused enough for the both of us and for good reason. 
“Okay. I see you are a little concerned and that’s healthy but let me lay this out and I’m sure you’ll see the genius of it all. You see, for the plan to work the client needed someone like himself: One capable of switching bodies like it was nothing. He must have been observing those put down by the law who also had an insurance policy. Maybe he even owns the system for that, I’m not sure; however, it’s possible given how much reach he has. Anyway, then I came along and I did the unlikely: I broke apart into two, well, three now, and it must have been like all his Christmases came at once?”
“Chris-what?”
“An old holiday where they gave presents at the end of the year,” I clarify.
Jarvis just sighs. He’s not in the mood for Mr. History Books right now.
“You are going to blackmail him, aren’t you, Sam?”
“Good man,” I praise, “but you aren’t quite there yet. Instead of playing that risky game, I’m going to simply sell the last few weeks and months of our lives to him. I mean, it’s all part of the plan after all.”
“The plan?”
“Yeah,” I say with a grin. “My 5 seconds has planned an out for us. He is too much of a softie not to.”
“Ah, I see. You seem awfully confident in his kindness.”
I keep grinning and look back to the other me.
“How’s the thinking?”
He gives me a tart look that is probably deserved. 
“I keep thinking I shouldn’t have burned Cali over and over.”
“I have no regrets,” I clarify to Jarvis even though its probably a lie. “However, young me here has it right. I shouldn’t have gotten caught up in the heat of the moment. You had to be there but it was so fucking sexy. I ended up doing something I should really regret.”
Jarvis flicks on the screen with the ease of the old and knowledgeable and points at the insane devastation the Moon cannon created. There’s a head count and I close my legs firmly when I read 55 sexy fucking million confirmed passed. 
“That is fucking gorgeous,” I manage. Jarvis looks at me like I have some screws loose, but I’m just happy that I beat my over-enthusiastic estimates of how this would turn out.
“So, what you think is that your number two has us all tied up and ready for sale?”
“Pretty much,” I relent, turning off the screen lest I perform hand based satisfaction on myself in front of my audience of two. “We just have to play this smart and it’ll all work out.”
The aging man shakes his head. He’s heard that from me before.
“I think you are being a little too optimistic. My guess is they find us and kill us before the day’s out.”
I shake my head and point to the back.
“It’ll be fine. The agents he sent will find out that there’s a third me on the loose and they can predict he’ll know everything I know for at least what happened on the moon if not everything else. As soon as we are safe and clear, he’ll split off and we’ll all go one-by-one once the negotiation part is over to have our brains cleared of the memories they want gone. You, me, my girls, my wife, and him: All very, very rich and well paid for our services and when we wake we’ll be told we have sold our memories and not to look into it by the kind of people that even someone as foolhardy as me - considering recent behavior - will leave well alone. It’s all rather perfect when you consider it.”
The intermediary gives me a look.
“Are we 100% sure you won’t? You do tend to stick your nose where it’s not wanted.”
I smile. 
“Of course I’m going to look, but then I imagine Switch will turn up and provide evidence that any further looking will have me and my kids and my newfound wealth lost. This - on top of a physical display of force - will keep me under control. You agree, don’t you, Mini Me?”
Me Number Three nods his head. We both know that Switch can be trusted, even if he is as rogue as they come, and he’ll get the message across in just the right way to have both of us keep our noses where they belong.
“Is the AI really that reliable?” Jarvis rather sensibly asks.
“He is now. His programming will force him to follow the president’s orders to the letter and, even then, there’s also the kid to think about. He’ll want to protect her. It’s in his digital DNA.”
The other man’s fingers grind into the steering wheel.
“This all sounds terrible,” he notes.
“Uh-huh,” I offer.
The man eventually sighs after some thought. I just wait with a dumb smile on my face for what I know is coming.
“Okay then, when do we get start?” he relents.
I glance to the rear and the boy nods his assent.
“Soon. Very soon. Meanwhile, I’m guessing you have somewhere warm and comfortable we can hide for a few months?”
Jarvis glances my way and smirks.
“Have you ever considered a diet of mutated fish before?”
“Recently, actually. I suppose it’ll make for an interesting trip away from the city.”
“Sure will,” he agrees.
We keep on ahead over the massive steaming hunk of crap that Europeans would consider the bad side of town and I turn on the dashboard camera and admire my handsomeness. It is good to be me again - fresh faced, fractionally different, but me through and through.
I flick on the video feed of Cali again and smile. Despite the constant moans of regretful displeasure from the back seat, I am ‘me’ in the truest sense of the word and enjoy the action thoroughly. All that remains now is to play the game my second of three fleshy selves has put into play and then the good life gets started. After the hard few months I’ve had, I’m strongly looking forward to it.
EPILOGUE

“It’s time,” the original states wearily as the family speedster swishes gracefully over the high reaching urban expanse of the area of Wilde towards his home on the highest of the three main towers that dominate the central area and which uniformly break the 50-floor rule by a count of exactly four in what is very much meant and seen as a brazen show of old wealth that lets all know that only the insanely rich can afford to live there.
The young man of European heritage and 24 years of age sitting next to his employer brings his gaze from the view out of the window to the forward section of the speedster cab. His thoughtful, overly mature blue eyes crinkle lightly around the edges but the skin is too fresh to judge how he really feels about his employer’s words thanks to the chemicals, machines and cosmetic treatments needed to make him appear the handsome employee of the ultra-rich man that provides him a hefty yearly salary for his services. Still, the truth is, despite difficulty in discerning it from his appearance, the man employed in the role of ‘the family assistant’ isn’t happy about what they heard only an hour ago from the AI that knew a little too much and had copious embarrassing video to go along with it in his employer’s secondary office space in Tanaka-Satoshi. Switch was its name and it was familiar in that deja vu fashion that one gets when their memories have been wiped and some time is missing and yet the brain still produces the correct chemicals in response to what both hope truly is as much of a concerned friend as the AI said he was.
A modest sized holographic screen appears in the center of the silver interior of the vehicle and a man of middle years with a disturbingly familiar smile comes into view. This man is sitting at a gorgeous wooden desk with a series of inhuman-looking guards at his rear and sides and a small girl standing beside him with a smile on her face and an excited look in her eyes.
“As we all recover from the deaths of those dear to us only three-quarters of a year ago and the rebuilding process continues,” the president of The Authority states with sincerity and strong eye contact, “it is important to remember those that don’t have anyone to take care of them.”
The man on the screen turns proudly to the smiling little girl of around 9 years of age, who has that familiar feel to her as well, and smiles broadly at the child in the way a father to a beloved daughter might. The little girl takes his offered hand and looks up adoringly at him as he stands and the floating drone cam smoothly slides up to fill the screen with the two as they circle the desk and come to stand side-by-side in front of it so that the millions that the counter on the bottom of the holo-screen tells the employer-employee duo are watching can get a good view of them both.
“Because of this,” he continues once settled and ready, “I would like to announce my adoption of Sythena here. This poor child was found among the rubble at the very edge of the glassed zone and is one of the tens of thousands of child survivors who have lost both parents in what stands as the biggest challenge Cali and our allied territories have faced since the amalgamation of them under The Authority’s governance.”
He gives the girl’s hand a reassuring squeeze and looks down at her and says, “My family will cherish this new entrant in our close knit group and we hope that this act will lead the way for citizens to take heart and adopt those that need a home.”
The man turns his eyes back to the viewers and his face darkens with a terrible anger bordering on fury.
“Of course, as you may all be aware, there has been significant speculation among foreign news agencies that the terrorist who undertook the solo act of injustice that brought so much heartbreak to our families and friends was the product of a broken home. I can now say, after receiving an extensive dossier on the still as yet unidentified man, that AI calculations have indicated with 99.5% certainty that this vile individual was probably from a single parent household and that this may have played some small part in his decision to perform such a gross act of terrorism upon us all.”
His eyes harden even further and he nods to himself as if hearing a voice deep within urging him to speak on and lay it down hard on his audience.
“To avoid further evil men like the one that inflicted such a blow on us, we must bind together and be even more law abiding and caring for those around us in this time of deep despair.”
The camera zooms out slightly and his eyes soften as the righteous fury dissipates and something akin to true sincerity replaces it.
 “And so it is with this in mind that I urge you all one final time to adopt a child survivor if your situation allows,” he continues. “If your family has the means and the space then do the world a favor and take personal action to prevent another tragic soul like that terrorist from coming into being.”
The man releases the girl’s hand and gives her a small side hug before the camera pans her out of view and the president speaks in a milder, more business as usual tone and to both watching he seems a friendly, kind man with a boyish grin on his face that tells all he is energetic and youthful enough for the hard tasks ahead that the future will bring.
“So, after all I have said, I have a wonderful announcement to make and it is related to my words here today.” Some data appears on the side of the screen that adds details to the words that follow. “For those that adopt a child, The Authority will be providing an upgrade to their housing status once the new residential zones have seen the finishing touches in the coming year. Furthermore, those who adopt will receive preferential treatment when the new zones are ready and...”
The employer chuckles and silences the rest with a flick of his eyes to controls only he can see.
“We are quite something, aren’t we?” the man notes.
The assistant nods in return in a way that shows he is not quite as enthusiastic as his employer about what they just witnessed and adds quietly, “I guess we are.”
The holographic display digitally slides down into itself until it is a white static bar which then blinks three times before vanishing. There is probably more worth listening to in the broadcast, but both have lost their taste for seeing more of themselves on screen today.
The young man returns his gaze to the view outside the window again and his brow furrows in what might be pensiveness. He is mostly sure that the original has decided to leave things well alone, but one never really knows with him. After the two of them woke up in a high-end medical facility a few months ago, they were told by a group of suits - them backed formidably by men and women so argumented that their skin bulged aggressively with the tech - that certain memories had been removed as part of a deal they’d made with someone important. He’d suspected since then that the original had been making quiet inquiries through the most hidden of channels as to what exactly they’d signed away; however, if a covert investigation had actually taken place, it had been done with such care that even the younger of the two hadn’t been able to say for sure whether or not such a foolhardy venture was being performed or not. Still, today’s meeting was a fair indication that something that might violate their deal had been taking place in the background because otherwise the AI wouldn’t have set up a meet to inform them that a third self existed. After seeing what unmistakably must be their number three in action on the broadcast just now, the original should have realized that the deal they made was with the devil himself and because of who he resides within at this moment, that devil would strongly prefer they keep their noses out of his business lest he stick a forked trident up their asses for not listening too good.
About 2 minutes later the speedster slips down onto the edge of the family home’s wide balcony with the sprite ease of a well-crafted piece of automotive tech. Standing waiting are his employer’s two young daughters and wife and, as always, just looking at that gorgeous woman he refers to in public, a little tongue-in-cheek, as ‘Mrs. Green’ in his lightly exotic Euro accent makes his dick swell with a famished desire. 
Conscious of the need to appear proper in front of the children, the assistant adjusts himself and tries very hard to bring his eyes away from the tight, revealing number that the hot minx has purposefully donned to ruin any chance of a chub-free landing. The ‘employee’ aspect of ‘the arrangement’, as the three of them like to refer to it as, was decided upon at the conclusion of an intense negotiation that made both men feel - after each having underwent a variety of the woman’s most seductive persuasive techniques - like they’d been as (both mentally and physically) scorched as the impact zone of an old fashion nuke dropped on a populated cityscape. Of course, this all came about formally after a suitable but short period where the woman’s previous spouse, Violet Jones, was mourned. After which, in swished a dashingly handsome yet somewhat height challenged gentleman of truly incredible wealth - him enraptured by the woman’s beauty in mourning as the whirlwind love story went - who took the widow in hand and made her whole again. Shortly after, the ‘assistant’ found work dealing to the family’s ever need and desire (the cover story to allow interaction with the children and certain other ‘dynamics’) was introduced into the Green household and then the true seduction and breaking of the ‘fools who got in over their heads’ began.
The two men step down from the floating vehicle and the girls run up and bounce on their toes in front of the assistant in rabid excitement. The young man bends down and pats them each on the head and gives them a warm smile that communicates (unbeknownst to them) that they are probably lucky to be alive considering who the original and himself must have bargained with to obtain the life of extreme luxury they are all now enjoying.
“Have you been good?” he asks.
Both the husband and wife are grinning over how excited the children look because they are well aware of what the young ones deftly bargained for in exchange for letting the two men reschedule the afternoon’s planned activities so that they could embark on their visit to the original’s second office in the less well-to-do area of Tanaka-Satoshi for an ‘emergency business meeting’.
The girls both nod eagerly.
From the speedster he brings a little gold decorated metal box with odd looking mythical creatures on it that he vaguely recognizes. These two have been obsessed with old games recently and the one they had intended to give, although not the one he is giving them now, was ludicrously expensive (or bargain basement cheap when considering their finances). He hands it to Patrica and she looks delighted. Lately he’s been thinking that they were wrong about her. Originally, he’d felt she was on her way to turning out a little too much like her dearest daddy, but of late she’s shown a desire to change and grow in response to the terrifying imagery and information her teachers have been feeding her about the recent Moon cannon terrorism incident as part of a propaganda push by The Authority to increase law abidingness among the youth. If anything she’s become less and less like the various iterations of her father and that is something that the assistant truly welcomes.
The children take the box inside and he tries not to think about what he suspects has just inserted itself into their lives. The AI named Switch gave them that box to replace the present they’d bought and which he referred to as being “quite subpar all things considered”. That new game will almost certainly contain an AI character (for some reason a teddy bear comes to mind) that will be keeping watch - more so than already - to ensure they keep their end of the bargain. That the game is a present for the girls specifically and he had it ready and waiting amounts to about as big a threat as one can make given how tight the household’s information security is and how he must have known well in advance of their purchase of the unused present to have something like that prepared as they’d only purchased the intended item a half hour before their meeting and only discussed it verbally one time at night the day before while safely inside the information dead zone that is the central living room of the top floor mansion.
It comes to the young man at that moment that Gladis always used to say that ‘when you want someone to do something for you, you target the very thing they love the most in life’. There is no doubt that the AI knows just how much the two men love those kids and, overall, making a statement about how easily he can find out even the most intimate of details is quite the chic move for even such a complex-seeming AI.
The assistant stops on his way into the house for a second or so on thinking that thought and wonders if perhaps the AI is actually a human masquerading as a digital entity. To take advantage of a father’s love for his children requires a human understanding of parental instinct and love that is not on the level of anything except a very specialized AI such as a parent-child counselling service and even then... No, this feels too human for a digital mind. Only a father could really understand how it feels to have your children under watch and threatened passively in this way. He decides to not think it over too much because that way lies the devil’s dinner plate if he isn’t careful enough.
He continues inside and slides down on the floating couch near the door to throw back his head on the armrest and sigh as the girls enter Sandra’s room and close the door to begin enjoying their new toy. Outside the original and their woman are making a show of passionately making out - lots of tongue applied and one thick hand on that fine ass squeezing hungrily. This erotic fondling and tongue play they’re forcing upon his eyes is a purposeful act of advanced level cockolding that they’ve all discovered tends to develop into the kind of rude sexual exploits that makes for a truly interesting love triangle and is not totally unwelcome after such a rough trip into the depths of the city. 
As always, the inferno-like fire of their sex play is being fanned by their promiscuous vixen love who is purposefully getting frisky with the employer in front of the already pent-up and flustered assistant to drive both men into a frenzied state of need. That said, usually she’s more subtle than this: For instance, a raunchy message ‘mistakenly’ sent to the wrong man or a scanty pair of panties stuffed in a trouser pocket only to be found while out and about. However, this time her sexual manipulations are crude, merciless and forceful and what he reads from this is that Mrs. Green has missed the two of them greatly during their short absence and is horny as hell because of it. 
If he had to hazard a guess based on this line of thinking, her plan for the afternoon is to enjoy a quickie in his apartment-slash-office five floors down from the family mansion while the kids are occupied. (His apartment being just far enough away to provide the appearance of independence one might expect of a young well-to-do employee of an ultra-rich family of four yet still near enough that he can immediately respond to any request they might put to him - mainly those of the couple’s two young children, who are technically also his own - and, more importantly, be well within the lady of the house’s grasp if she ever wants to wrap her fingers around something young, stiff and wanting at any time of the day or night).
After her expected quickie, the sexual glutton will most likely rush back upstairs to find out just how frustrated the original got thinking about what the assistant and his gorgeous hot wife got up to. Of course, he wouldn’t put it past her if she used a live video link this time to make sure Mr. Original got a wicked taste of the action as recently the woman has begun abusing her implant privileges to do just that and it has created a sense of competition between the men that neither think is healthy but greatly enjoy nevertheless. 
 He sighs in frustration and wiggles about on the couch just thinking of adding another video to their extensive collection of homemade porn. It is a fact that their agreement with the woman allows Jenifer Green full control of both men’s visual and auditory implants at all times - mainly so she can ensure they aren’t getting the family in trouble again - and, thus, she can force sound and video upon them at a whim. How this works out in practice of late is that she sends them - along with a tirade of filthy messages and pictures that do nothing for the clarity of either men’s minds, which is probably entirely intentional given how furious she was about them putting so much at risk despite the much welcomed result - detailed footage (sometimes just the audio to really mess with them) of her sitting out on the balcony in the mid-morning, when the kids are usually visiting their friends or on an excursion with either their new father or the assistant, of her ‘warming up’ her lady parts with the family recording drone getting deep into the thick of (and sometimes involved in) the action. 
Lately, she’s begun scheduling these using the GPS feature of the family locator system that he is a part of so that they appear when one of her two ‘personal headaches’, as she puts it when they do this, heads out suddenly to grab a “cup of coffee” - code in her mind for unwanted behavior - from their much hated robot vendor in Tanaka-Satoshi. For them, this is mostly thanks to the old routine being hard to give up and coffee at the mansion sometimes feeling like it doesn’t really hit the spot like it usually does (perhaps due to the lack of a burst of hate-born stress hormones brought about through seeing that clunker ruin yet another good cup of coffee with its filthy metal fingers). Personally, he thinks that she just likes to remind them that their job now is fulfilling her every desire (which has been specifically stipulated in ‘the agreement’) and, with almost corporate manager level fervor, she’ll allow no tardiness or distractions in this very important work. Given how strongly sometimes the desire to go back to the old biz comes over him, he’s happy she knows exactly what is needed to get his and the original’s head and priorities back on track.
He shifts about and tries very hard not to flop out his rock hard tool and flag out a hasty orgasm in response to the husband getting a brisk but unfinished rub and tug through the front of his expensive trousers from his gorgeous wife. As a regular witness to these kinds of carnal delights, the assistant knows that a little ‘self-release’ would be incredibly welcome right about now and would clear out his already taunt and overloaded pipes, but he knows he can’t. Jenifer’s biggest bargaining chip is that she’ll visit ‘uncle’ Jarvis in his mansion a few blocks over and pay him to have them both ‘insuranced’ again to create a harem of copies with each member of her selection of man toys being very tall and black in complexion, which is ludicrously expensive these days due to the racial quotas being mostly filled for the darker skin colors in society, and each will have a massive horse cock that will make the two of them cry in shame at their tiny (well, actually really big) pee-pees. Inwardly, some part of him strongly suspects she wants them to screw up on this key point of the agreement so that she can get herself a menagerie of naughty black men to frolic with and because of this, both of them keep to the no “self love” rule with near god-fearing obedience.
He licks his lips and tries to adjust the painful hard-on he has in his pants so that it doesn’t break the fabric of his chic, glossy slim fit trousers. That fucker has got a raw hot hunk of that thick ass in hand thanks to her dress having come up and is grinding his big, fat fingers into it while staring directly at his ‘assistant’.
Damn that bastard to hell!, the young man thinks. He knows exactly what to do to put me on edge.
With a wicked grin, the employee decides he’s going to INSIST on video this time. That bastard is going to be horny as heck after what his ‘assistant’ is going to do to the great love of their lives. The sexy minx will need painkillers just to mount the family employee again in the evening for her nightly inspection to ensure he’s not ‘being naughty’ and with enough effort he is certain (and he knows he’s lying to himself here but it still makes him feel a little better despite the fact that achieving what he is about to suggest would be impossible given the woman’s inhuman sexual stamina) that she’ll be so lust blind that the original will have to live with the cold comfort of her dazed form next to him - sexual exhaustion having won out - as he finishes inside her for the, probably, 10th time in what remains of the day based on how into having her ass massaged she is out there on the balcony.
After a long, long, long time they come inside.
“Would you like something to drink?” Jennifer offers with a smirk on her face that tells him she’s noted how his forehead is layered with sweat and his eyes are laser focused on the v-front of her dress where the base of her red panties have been purposefully left exposed to draw his eyes to where she most certainly wants them.
“No,” he manages after gulping down what feels like a cup of hot, thick gooey saliva in his mouth, “I think I need to go to my office immediately.”
Her eyebrows crinkle together and she smiles broadly like a huntress scenting fine quality prey.
“You aren’t going to be bad are you?”
The embargo on self-pleasure is stifling as he attempts to remain strong under the fire-like burn of her hot gaze as she speaks these words. The young man feels a desperate desire to yank out the full length of his agony and massage it as he ogles the gorgeous woman in front of him and, despite a lot of practice in such situations over the past few months, he’s not completely sure that he won’t if she continues to push him this hard with every single seductive word she utters or gesture she provides - heck just breathing with a rack that fantastic and in that outfit is a bit too ‘inspiring’ for him.
He reaches up with one lightly shaking hand and runs it over his brow to clear a line of sweat making its way down his overly smooth skin towards his left eye. Inside all he can think of is this woman. Specifically, how much he wants her, how much he loves her, how she is the most perfect being in all of the wide world, and how nothing will or could ever compare to what she makes him feel. Also, finally, truthfully, how he was a fool to risk all this, despite how much he likes the much upgraded accommodations and the luxury of their small fleet of high-end vehicles and so on, and, after a little light self-reflection, realizes that this must be the theme of the day given what they saw in the speedster earlier, the subtle threats of their AI ‘friend’ at their mid-afternoon meeting with him and now Jenifer’s intense midday seduction of the original and him reminding both men of what is most important in life.
“I have to, ah, fill out, um,” he manages then - after pausing to compose himself slightly - adds, “I need to, uh, review something, you know. Something... well, yeah, ‘stuff’ and so on.” A pause. “Maybe clean up my office,” he offers. “That kind of thing.”
Mrs. Green glances to Sandra’s room. The children are quiet and that means they will be engrossed in their new game for hours.
“Oh, looking at the old photo albums again, are we?” she asks breathlessly, hungrily, wild.
Choice snapshots from those endless videos of them - past and present - fill his vision. The sexy minx has taken over control of his visual implants again and he’s not alone based on how the original has a hand firmly planted to the left side of his face and the other scrunched up on one trouser leg as he takes a bent over pose that indicates he’s on the verge of breaking down and engaging in self pleasure as they both bear witness to a stream of smut that is progressing towards tidal wave levels of excitation as it showcases the most intimate parts of their relationship with the woman who has them completely wrapped around her little finger with the kind of ease that only comes when a woman is deeply devoted to keeping her men out of trouble and as addicted to her as one is to the dopamine injector after a night spent with someone just as phenomenal as she is.
“I...”
Echoes of him as Violet up against the kitchen wall all those months ago fill him. He sees it all from Jenifer’s view. That stretch, that slick slide, that moment of utter freedom when he felt it as a woman does.
“Baby...,” he groans in a momentary lapse in decorum.
“Quiet,” the lady of the house whispers warmly in his ear.
All the young man can see is the vixen’s large breasts in the center of his vision and he marvels - as he often does - at how full, soft and arousing they are. Behind her the original is angling for a good view of that rear and shifting forward to take a hold of it. He’s gonna have to wait through because the assistant isn’t willing to be pushed aside that easily.
“I need to go,” the young man says abruptly, standing and starting towards the door with his knees clamped shut lest the stimulation of his tight trousers on his nuts spend his seed.
“Sure,” the woman purrs with the kind of relaxed cool that informs him she’s not done with him just yet.
It is then that the audio starts in his ears. He recognizes this one as being from last night’s performance where in 30 short minutes she ruined him for the entire morning after. 
“Fuck...” he mutters in agony before looking back to see that the original is struggling too.
Both of them share some VERY meaningful eye contact that leaves it between them in no uncertain terms that they either need to speed this up or the woman will break them both and then leave them hanging as she spends hours playing with the children as they stand staring hungrily at the door waiting for her to give them even the faintest hint that it’s time to get down and dirty.
“Honey,” the man grunts, “perhaps you can go down and check REALLY QUICKLY... huh, wow, that’s filt...” a pause, “... that our assistant hasn’t, uh, been ordering trashy food from the dispenser again.”
“Oh, really?” she purrs. “Perhaps I should just stay here. There might be something else that needs attending to.”
Hope fills the original’s eyes but then she giggles. 
“Or, I could inspect the device a little. It’s pretty tricky though. It might take hours.”
“Ah, my love, if you musttt...” he stutters out in a heroic display that stirs even the assistant’s heart when considering the level of self-sacrifice needed to speak those words under such immense pressure.
The original slumps down on the floating couch after this supreme effort of will and is obviously completely done and finished. Just looking at him it is plain to see by the empty look in his eyes and how he seems lost in the clouds dotting the blue sky beyond the windows in an appearance of dumbfound inattention that their shared temptress has masterfully broken his will beyond all hope of a quick recovery. The poor bastard probably won’t move even an inch from where he’s sitting until their lady returns unless the kids come out screaming bloody murder. He, based on personally having been there many-a-time, is most likely only thinking about exactly how long those “hours” will be and precisely what he’ll do as soon as they are up.
The young man shuffles to the door with great enthusiasm and very little pity for his original. It’s not like he, too, won’t be in the same situation the second the woman wafts out of his apartment and there is a bit of give and take going on here which is both necessary and expected when sharing a woman as wild as theirs.
They exit the mansion and walk the hallway leading to the central elevator.
“You are such a thoughtful employer,” he says for the benefit of the cameras in the walls as they make their way around a corner and come into sight of their way down to his abode. “I really should keep my sweets habit in check.”
He wonders briefly, as he often does at times like this, if the girls know about what the family employee and their mother get up to down in his apartment on a daily basis (and everywhere else for that matter). Some part of him suspects that Patrica has figured out who he and the original really are because there have been too many times where both men have said something exactly like Violet would have. The two of them might be smart, but that doesn’t stop either man from falling back into old habits from time to time. The fact that they are both technically the girls’ father is probably not something the children have become aware of just yet, but Patrica - if not Sandra as well - probably strongly suspects that Mummy Number Two isn’t quite as dead as she’s supposed to be.
They enter the elevator and partake of a polite silence for a time as the couple who live one floor down enter the wide space and continue in their discussion of some AI generated drama the two are enjoying.
As they descend in this quiet state, he ruminates to himself that probably the best part of this whole assistant thing - aside from the copious amounts of ‘Jenifer time’ - is that he has most of the perks and few of the demerits when it comes to the kids. Case in point, he’s able to spoil them with toys and games like today while not having to scold them when they act out, even though that’s not really that often considering how levelheaded they are. He figures that as they grow older they’ll push back against both their mother and the original (as teens often do) but they’ll give him a free pass simply because he’s not technically part of the family. It’s all kind of neat in his opinion. It’s certainly a lot better than being on the outside looking in, which is something that could have happened if Jenifer hadn’t made it very clear that all parties needed to be aboard the good ship Green if there was going to be any chance of a happy, stable home for their family.
They stop at the front door of his apartment and make idle food related chit-chat before entering so that anyone watching understands the purpose of the woman’s visit today. Realistically, The Authority would probably only be minutely interested in the fact that the family assistant is having a heated affair with the lady of the house and that her husband seems to be encouraging this (or not, because they are careful), but it doesn’t really matter. Caution in these kinds of things is always necessary and adultery is not law abiding within The Authority’s territory and so the walls often get a new paint job around here as one of many countermeasures against recording they’ve put into place.
Inside his apartment’s lights wind up to a comfort dimness that is angled to enhance the appearance of those within. The interior is sparse but excessively expensive and the kitchen counter is littered with a wide variety of empty injectors that have become his primary method of surviving the morning after in his twisted sexual relationship with this woman. 
As soon as they enter, Jennifer drops to her knees and tears the front of his trousers open such that they’ll never be usable again. From this new opening his rock hard manhood springs out and seems even to him to be grotesque with how intensely turned on it is.
“Look at what I did to you,” she coos on seeing the monstrosity jerk taunt as she leans forward towards it and licks her lush lips. “You are such a naughty young man.”
The assistant shifts about uncomfortably when she slides down the front of her dress, revealing even more voluminous, soft flesh to  arouse him further, and withdraws from between her breasts a little gold injector with a raging mechanical lion on its side that roars at him silently as she brings it up and presses the side button that reveals the three prongs that will send him to heaven or hell depending on what’s mood she’s in today. 
“Again?” the young man moans in a mix of dread and desire.
Jenifer suckles on his swollen tip for 3 hot seconds as way of reply and he nearly pulls out to paint her face creamy white.
“You know what happens when you get this horny,” she states. “I don’t want you losing your will and giving up on me like yesterday night.”
Her gorgeous eyes lock on his and visually express without hint of mercy that he’ll be punished vigorously if he passes out - which admittedly only happened twice last night and was less than usual - during the hottest points of their play.
“This time I need you to really man up for me,” his woman says with strong emphasis and harsh eye contact. “I will not be satisfied without at least a whole hour of solid work from you.”
Although his instincts are telling him to run, his mind, heart and body are craving her attentions so strongly right now that he doesn’t care for the consequences.
“You’ll do this to him too, won’t you?”
She grins.
“Maybe.”
The young man sighs and sticks out his dick at her. If that “maybe” means “yes” then they are both going to be broken for days. She’ll literally be able to do anything to him and there will be no one there to stand in her way and, as he has learned already many-a-time since Jenifer’s new state of arousal kicked in after the move to Wilde, being unable to resist this vixen’s attentions is a dangerous state to be in with a woman as wanton as her.
Perhaps, he contemplates, the whole shameless display of desire on the balcony after their return and wild heavy handedness of her tactics is an indication that she is nearing the final stage of grand scheme to entice them into some much discussed and vigorously refused female-to-male butt play. He wouldn’t put this past her given how often she talks about missing “penetrating them like the old days”. That said, Jenifer Green is an inventive woman and so what one expects is often not what one gets - as amazing as that can be. Either way, he is concerned but gung-ho enough to let her do as she wills despite the risks. 
“Give it to me.”
His lady - love of his world and a serial temptress - presses the device to his erect member. He doesn’t feel the prick, but he does feel the aftereffects.
“Woman!” he blabbers.
Her head is his fuck toy and he barely respects her humanity as he uses it.
“FUCK!” 
Semen pours. He groans and falls back then the drug hits and time slows and the assistant tears the hot wife’s dress off her body like wrapping on a present and finds her best parts with his lips and slobbers like a wolf on the hunt until she screams in pleasure and he creates a puddle of sticky white on the flooring below on hearing how much she enjoyed what he just did.
“I’m going to drain you dry,” their woman promises like a harlot inspired to true perversion as she draws him up.
Some part of him - the smart, sensible part - realizes that she’s going to want seconds tonight and at least a few thimble fulls of his seed as a nightcap before bed - if the original isn’t up to the task of satisfying her, that is - and with the sheer intensity of the woman’s need recently (her desires having SERIOUSLY gotten out of hand) she’s not going to be gentle about it.
The sensations flowing through him are what he imagines race horses felt back in the day when drugged and told to “win at all costs or get a free tour of the glue factory.” His lower stomach feels a bite and the young man notes another injector discarded on the floor beside the gold one with the roaring lion on it. Briefly he wonders what she just put in him, but the truth is he really doesn’t care. All he wants is to be a part of her; to love her so fully that he forgets all but the experience of their bodies entwined; to be what she needs and for her to be nothing less than she already is: His everything. These thoughts and feelings are all that is in him for a time and tears begin to be shed as the drugs really hit and he becomes so wildly in obsessed with every part of her - mind, body and soul - that it is like a scorching love-sick ache worming its way throughout every fiber of his being.
“I love you,” he whispers over and over, knowing that he won’t be the only one to utter these same words to this gorgeous woman today and being glad that she loves him - him and the original both - enough to accept the situation they are in fully. 
Her hands stroke his tool, them tiny and not up to the task, and then he feels it - the softness, the parting, the unbelievable wetness. Then, she takes him in and he is lost. The pleasure and the emotions, they are too much, too perfect.
Beside him a drone floats up and he obtains a new perspective. There he is in his left eye - the one that couldn’t see but now sees so wonderfully clearly - and he is crying and red faced and smiling like he’s won the game and life is great (which it really, really is).
Seeing himself and her in this way has his eyes roll up in his head - both seeing the ceiling for a few seconds despite the visual override - and then a hazy white fog descends as those two blue orbs give up interpreting shapes properly and his brain explodes with a wildfire of electricity that provides him an orgasm so powerful that it breaks his mind in two before her fingers digging into his shoulders painfully, urging him to come back to her, wanting him in and with her in this moment, draw him back to life.
“My good, good man,” she whispers to him as she lays him flat and slides down him from on top so he can see her marvelous breasts spill out in all directions and jiggling as the woman begins shifting up and down once more. “We don’t want to have to call the medical drone again, do we?”
A maniac chuckle spits from his lips and he grabs both of her shapely, full buttocks in hand and makes her feel his desire for her very firmly.
“Yes, ma’am,” is what he slurs and in the process renews his commitment to be as good a man as he can to this wonderful lover he has in his life and leave behind the one who foolishly obsessed over trifle matters such as the burn - that obsession now a distant memory and fading further by the day.
However, just like the bad boy he sometimes is, he lets himself let loose straight into his lady’s womb with no care for the result - because one can’t always be good after all - and as he stirs back to life to her sulking face and another injector designed to delay such bad behavior is forced to the base of his wet, glistening manhood, all he can think is that this is one heck of a wonderful way for things to have ended up. And, if his best guess at what they all went through is even close to the truth, he is fairly sure that thinking this way is the best thing that he can do for himself, the family, his other self (or selves) and, especially, for this woman vigorously making him the happiest man in the world right here in the middle of a lazy weekday afternoon.

The End
Find more stories at Kenneth Guthrie’s Book List.

Cover image courtesy of Mikhail Nilov at Pexels.com
