


Perfect World Somewhere
By Holly Gonzalez



Copyright 2015 Holly Gonzalez
Cover Art By Holly Gonzalez Copyright 2015

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This book is protected under the copyright laws of the United States of America. Any reproduction or other unauthorized use of the material or artwork herein is prohibited.
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.



For Stephen
We are the team




Table of Contents

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28 
Chapter 29




Chapter 1



“Lily Fairpoole, where have you been?” Mama crossed her arms.
“I went to see Daddy.”
“How many times have I told you not to bother him at work?”
Lily bent a toe, and tried to look innocent. “Lots of times.”
Mama’s smile beamed through mock anger, and she hugged her five-year-old daughter. “You sweet, silly girl,” she said. “What am I going to do with you?”
Nana chuckled, the creak of her rocking chair and click of her knitting needles forming a cheerful tempo. “Now you know what I put up with when you were a child, Mayla.”
Women’s laughter warmed the room, along with the cozy snap of flame on the open hearth. They were the familiar sounds of home, and happiness.
Lily was fascinated by her father’s shop, and loved sneaking there to visit.
The big sign out front made everyone want to stop and look.
Daddy told her what it said, as he lifted her onto his broad shoulders. “Isaac Fairpoole, robotic maintenance. My father taught me, and I’ll teach you, Sunshine.”
He always called her that nickname, and it made her happy. When he insisted that Lily become his apprentice,  Mama agreed with a sigh.
Most little girls played with dolls, but Lily played with mechanical wonders. She was thrilled by the smells of oil, welded metal, and the sweat of a hard day’s work. The many rows of parts and tools along the walls stirred endless curiosity.
Daddy often guided her hands, with the flare of the welding torch reflected in their goggles.
“That’s it,” he said. “Keep it up, and you’ll be building robots in no time.”
The Fairpoole family owned a tidy house, with a secluded yard. Trees grew in a neat row along the fence. She played with her sisters, Aimee, and Grace, and their little brother, Clarence. A fragrant plum orchard bordered one side, nestled against the rise of the nearby hills. Birdsong filled the air, and clouds billowed across the sky.
After supper, they sat around the fire.
Mama taught them reading, writing, and arithmetic. She was a private tutor in their small town.
Lily learned quickly, and helped her sisters catch up.
Clarence was only three, but he was smart, and could read a few words by himself.
By the time she was six years old, she noticed the hidden rhythms around her. She hummed along, as the others read. Her siblings laughed when she sang the words in their books, but she heard the melodies in her mind.
It was Nana who first noticed, and encouraged Lily’s love of music.
Nana’s weathered brown skin bore distinct lines, the pathways worn from a lifetime of smiles. She held Lily on her lap, and they made up their own lyrics, or sang old-time favorites.
“I was a singer when I was young,” Nana said. “It was a happy time, before the War. Bands played in the parks, people dancing. I miss those carefree days.”
Lily wished she knew what peace was like. Nowadays, people didn’t have time for dancing on summer afternoons. The War troubled everyone.
Daddy read his newspapers every night, thoughtful as he pored over the concerns of the world.
“What’s the word from the front?” Mama asked one evening.
“The Kaezer just leveled most of Askogan City,” he said. “Pruessian robotics has always been superior, but this is madness. They’ve built an entire army, and they’re striking closer to home.” He tossed the paper aside, and rubbed his brow.
Mama’s expression dimmed, and Daddy brooded for a long while.
Lily didn’t know what it meant to level a city. To her, the Kaezer was just the name of a mean, distant person. They lived in a remote inland town called Plumgrove, sheltered within Harmony Valley. Their lives weren’t affected by many outside events, but the War crept closer, as Daddy predicted.
When she was seven, she witnessed the Kaezer’s cruelty for the first time.
There were more bombings, in cities not far away.
Refugees swarmed in, their homes destroyed by the enemy. Plumgrove’s population tripled within months. The Unfortunates, as the locals called them, settled into a sprawling zone of tents and shanties, on the outskirts of town.
Lily met them often, with their empty stares, and grubby, reaching hands. They asked for the most basic things. Her parents always gave, and helped whenever they could.
Many of the Unfortunates brought their robots with them. Since Daddy was the only technician in town, his schedule was soon overwhelmed.
She worked hard to meet the demands, and her skills improved from the experience. Soon, she could perform basic jobs on her own.
Every day, Daddy told her how proud he was, and how much he loved her.




Chapter 2



Another year passed, and Lily turned eight.
One afternoon, a man came into the shop.
She’d seen him around Plumgrove before, and had often waved to him. He was a commanding figure, in a peaked cap, tall laced boots, and a woolen, green-gray uniform. The door chimes announced his entry.
She wiped her greasy hands on a rag, pushed her goggles to her forehead, and gathered her black braids aside for a better look. “May I help you, sir?”
The visitor smiled. “Hello. Is your father here?”
“He’s busy, but I can fetch him for you.”
Daddy labored over the workbench, a half-assembled custodian unit laid out before him. Sweat glistened upon his dark brown skin, beneath the hot lights. Raw wiring and parts spilled to the floor in intricate weaves. “There, now,” he said. “Got those coils and plugs all cleaned up. Looks like you’re ready to go.”
“So, it’s true,” the uniformed man said. “I’ve heard that you talk to robots, Mr. Fairpoole. Does it make them any easier to work with?”
“It does,” Daddy said, with a wry grin. “Everything deserves respect. If we appreciate our machines, and treat them kindly, I believe they’ll do their jobs better.”
The man laughed. “That’s an unusual perspective. Nevertheless, I like your approach. I’m Lieutenant Barnhart, of the local militia. Might I have a word?”
Daddy wiped his face with his sleeve. “Certainly. Lily, can you put this one back together?”
“Sure.” She tightened the shiny brass bolts along the robot’s casing, while listening to the conversation.
Lieutenant Barnhart surveyed the shop with a swift, appreciative glance. “You have a skill which is in high demand,” he said. “And it can exempt you from the draft.”
“The mandatory draft passed the Senate?” Alarm lit Daddy’s face. “I thought it was still in debate.”
“I’m afraid not. As of this morning, all capable men must report to their nearest recruiter.”
“I see. And how does my profession waive this?”
“Plumgrove is no match for the Kaezer’s technology,” the lieutenant said. “There’s an ongoing project to expand our robotic fleet. The War approaches, and we can’t become complacent.”
“No, we can’t.” Daddy’s voice was resolute. “How can I help?”
“We captured an enemy walker, during a recent assault on Chelworth. I’ve come to invite you for a look, in hopes that you might build something similar for us.”
Lily gasped, and dropped her wrench with a loud thunk.
“My goodness, young lady,” the lieutenant said, smiling. “You assembled that robot quickly. I see that you take after your father.”
She retrieved the wrench, and tucked it into her belt. “Yes, sir.”
Daddy hugged her. “That’s my baby girl,” he said. “Do you want to see the walker, Sunshine?”
She nodded, excitement brimming.
“Me, too. Lead the way, Lieutenant.”
Daddy flipped the sign, and locked the door behind them.
They rode in the lieutenant’s motorcar to the militia headquarters, about four blocks away. It was an expansive building, one of the largest in Plumgrove. She often saw the militia coming and going, in their polished boots and pressed uniforms. They usually looked bored, lounging about their posts, waving at the locals.
They didn’t look bored that afternoon. A crowd was gathered in the large yard, curious and stunned at the sight before them.
Robots were friendly, domestic companions, in Lily’s experience. Most families had at least one. Their own custodian helped Mama with strenuous chores.
She’d never seen anything like this machine.
The walker’s engine was loud and raucous, and the cloying odor of diesel filled the air. It was bipedal, about two stories tall. The way it strutted, and the articulation of its legs, reminded her of the chickens Mama kept behind the house.
It had brass joints, with a few noticeable copper parts. Steel plated the durable, square-shaped body, and the optical pane was an oblong rectangle of glass. It glanced about harmlessly, despite the menacing automatic weapons mounted at its sides. The insistent grumble within was a combustion engine, not steam-powered.
Her mind whirled with questions, and she grasped Daddy's hand.
“Well, I’ll be. I never imagined...” Daddy’s words trailed off, and his brown eyes widened.
Lily pulled him through the crowd.
The robot looked much taller up close. Its heavy splayed feet would crush someone with one step.
She marveled at the segmented toes, and the complex array of hoses and pistons.
“Isn’t it astounding?” The lieutenant grinned. “I hope you’re interested in my proposition, Mr. Fairpoole. If you join the Plumgrove Municipal Militia, it will fulfill your recruitment obligation, and allow you to remain home with your family.”
Daddy cleared his throat. “I build and repair household machines. Robots that chop wood, and carry things home from the market. This is foreign to me.”
“Have no fear, we already have a team assembled. And there’s the very person you should meet.” The lieutenant waved to a young woman who stood nearby.
She strode toward them, with her head held high. Her uniform was similar to that of the men around her. The wool coat was belted smartly at her slender waist and one shoulder with bands of polished brown leather. A matching skirt brushed the tops of her strapped gaiters and boots. Wisps of brunette hair drifted about her face, escaping her meticulous pins.
The lieutenant saluted.
She returned the gesture with a sharp flick of her palm.
“Miss Swann, this is Mr. Fairpoole, the local robotics technician, and his daughter and apprentice, Lily.”
Miss Swann smiled. “A pleasure, sir. I hear you’re proficient with these machines.”
“Not with combat models,” Daddy said.
“It’s an entirely new regimen of maintenance and programming,” she said. “I assumed this backwater town wouldn’t have anyone knowledgeable of the latest techniques. It’ll just have to be learned.”
The lieutenant coughed. “Would you allow our guests a look at the walker’s interior? Let them assess, and decide for themselves.”
Miss Swann gave an abrupt nod. She faced the walker with arms raised, and yelled in what must be Pruessian. “Imye, artyu-settavet. Venezdit.”
The robot responded like an obedient puppy. It lowered itself to the ground, the long, splayed legs folding to its sides.
Miss Swann flipped a side panel open with one gloved hand, and stepped aside.
Daddy lifted Lily onto his shoulders. “Let’s have a peek, and see if this is something we can do.” He glanced inside. “Four cylinders, and a standard injection system. I’m inexperienced with combustion engines, aside from the new domestic models, and some side jobs on motorcars. But this doesn’t look too difficult.”
“Look at that,” Lily said, pointing to a glinting cluster of copper-laced circuitry tangling up the side. The wires converged onto a disc, layered in rows of tiny vacuum tubes. Thousands flickered like glass-bound stars, in cycles of fluctuating current. “Is that the central controller?”
Miss Swann’s proud gray eyes softened. “Yes, that’s part of the processing network. You’re observant for your age.”
Lily was pleased with herself. “It’s pretty.”
Everyone laughed.
She scratched her head, confused. “What’s so funny?”
“Such a charming girl,” Miss Swann said. “Mr. Fairpoole, please join my team. You’d be an asset.”
“Say yes, Daddy. We can help with the War, and learn so many new things.”
Daddy stroked his thin beard as he considered. “We do have the shop, and our regular business to take care of, but I agree with Lily. It seems best that we join you.” He shook Miss Swann’s hand.
“Wonderful,” Miss Swann said. “Report here, at eight tomorrow morning.”
They opened the shop at sunrise, the usual time, and finished their routine jobs. Cleanings, fluid changes, and small part replacements were easy when they worked together.
Afterward, they left for the militia headquarters. It was a lovely morning for the walk.
Lily hummed to herself, and lyrics sprang to her mind. “It’s a perfect world today, I can’t stop smilin’.”
Daddy squeezed her hand. “Are you singing again?”
“I sure am, can’t help myself.”
He stopped, and seized her in a hug. “The joy of living comes naturally to you, from a place deep inside. So much like your Mama. You’re really excited about doing this, aren’t you?”
“More than anything. Why?”
“I’m happy to defend our home, but I think building robots into weapons is wrong. It goes against everything I was taught.”
Lily kissed his cheek. “Don’t worry, Daddy. I’m proud of you, no matter what we have to do.”
“And that’s why I call you my Sunshine,” he said.
They met Lieutenant Barnhart and Miss Swann inside the headquarters.
Daddy signed a few documents, then was escorted to a separate wing.
Lily waited patiently. She hummed her new song to herself, swinging her legs upon the old wooden chair in the foyer.
Two men entered from the yard, laughing, rifles slung casually over their shoulders.
“Oh, it’s Miss Lily Fairpoole,” one of them said.
“Hi,” she said, waving.
The younger man shook her hand. “I’m Gabriel Crowley. Are you and your father joining the robotics team?”
She nodded. “Daddy’s signing up right now.”
Gabriel’s smile brightened. “I’m one of the technicians. We’ll be working together.”
“Pleased to meet you, sir.”
She glanced at the other man, a tall officer with fiery red hair.
“I’m Captain Rutherford. It’s wonderful to meet you, young lady.”
Daddy returned not long after, with the lieutenant and Miss Swann at his side. He posed humorously in his new uniform. “How do I look?”
Lily giggled, and ran into his arms. “You look handsome. Do I get a uniform, too?”
Lieutenant Barnhart slapped his hat onto her head. It was too big, tipping sideways over her ears, and caused unanimous laughter.
“There you are, Miss Fairpoole,” the lieutenant said. “You’re part of the Plumgrove militia, now. And if anyone doubts it, tell them to come talk to me.”
They followed Miss Swann outside.
Several men lounged on the terrace, smoking and socializing. Others fired rifles at makeshift targets along the fence.
A large maintenance building stood a short distance away. They approached the entrance, and Miss Swann tapped a security code into the panel alongside. The doors slid open, into a cool, spacious room.
A well-lit arena dominated the center, occupied by two large war robots.
She recognized the walker from the day before. Beside it was a strange, flashy unit, about the size of a motorcar. Silvery chrome and brass gilding decorated its broad, steel-framed legs. It walked on four instead of two, resembling a spider, or a crab.
“Welcome to the birthplace of guardians,” Miss Swann said. “We have access to every tool and part you’ll need. If something isn’t available, please inform Mr. Crowley, and we’ll obtain it for you.”
Gabriel removed his hat, and clutched it humbly before his chest. “It’s wonderful to have you aboard, Mr. Fairpoole. We have great need of your skill.”
Miss Swann glowered at Gabriel. “We already have someone with the necessary skill. Myself. Mr. Fairpoole and Lily will only expand our capability. I expect we’ll see progress within a week, now.” She walked toward the robots. “Come, and have a look at my prototype.”
Gabriel’s shoulders slumped, and he exchanged a peculiar look with Lieutenant Barnhart.
“I’ll be in my office,” the lieutenant said, and left with Captain Rutherford.
The other two members of the team introduced themselves.
“Name’s Ed Richmond, out of Hills Port. And this here’s Arthur Teague. He don’t say much, but he’s a master of these new engines.” Ed gestured toward the robots. “It’s all petrol now, Mr Fairpoole. The old steamers we’re used to are relics compared to these.”
Miss Swann crouched beside the quadruped robot, inspecting it. She stopped the engine for a moment, and fueled it from a dented gas can.
“This is Krept 1A, my own design,” she said. “It’s the most successful model on our side of the War. Bipeds, the type favored by the Kaezer, are vulnerable to attacks against the legs, such as tripwires. The quad schematic allows for maximum maneuverability, and adaptation to varied environments. To sum up, Krept is fast, hard to kill, and can race circles around the enemy. I’ll demonstrate.” She turned her sharp eyes to Gabriel. “Mr. Crowley, bring forth your test machine. Let’s see what it can do.”
He looked nervous. “Ma’am, it isn’t ready for something like this.”
“Nonsense. I saw you giving it a practice run in the yard earlier, while several men shot at it.”
“Well, yes. But...”
“Was it damaged in any way?”
“No.” Gabriel gave her an annoyed, sidelong glance. “I’ll get it.” He returned, with a scantily assembled robot following him. It resembled Krept 1A, but with exposed wires, and no casing. Bare ridges of steel frame gaped through, with an uncovered hole for the optics. The engine quaked and complained, in contrast to the perfect drone of its companion.
Miss Swan scowled. “Lead it here, please.”
“I don’t think this is a good idea,” Gabriel said. He pointed a hand gloved in transmitters, and his unsightly robot advanced.
“Be at ease,” Miss Swann said, sighing. “It’s just a demonstration.”
The two robots were identical, aside from their level of completion. Both had arched legs, streamlined copper bodies, and retractable weapon turrets mounted to their hulls.
Miss Swann stepped forward, and pointed to the walker.
“Krept 1A, Test.”
They beeped their acknowledgment.
“Subdue.”
Both scurried to obey.
She waved to the walker next. “Angregh il mekaner.”
It responded promptly, plodding forward, and aimed its weapons at the other robots. Its empty cylinders spun in vain.
Lily was glad there were no bullets. She began to understand Daddy’s trepidation toward robots as weapons, as she watched these three in action.
Krept and Test surrounded their target.
The walker raised one enormous plated foot over Krept.
Light danced across chrome and brass as Krept dodged between the stomps.
Test hesitated, and beeped a signal to its cohort.
“This is good,” Miss Swann said. “Cooperation is essential.”
“Test is entirely capable of networking,” said Gabriel. “It just needs a few modifications. Have a little more faith in our work.”
“I’ve never doubted your machine’s functionality. You assume too much, Mr. Crowley.”
Krept and Test extended hooked devices, the mechanism visible within Test’s frame. A reel and its adjacent pulleys tightened. The cogs ground with a loud whirr, then snapped in release. Tethered grapplers shot, and latched onto the walker’s legs.
“Hold,” Miss Swann shouted.
Krept stopped promptly, waiting for its next command.
Test, however, dashed around, and tangled the tripwire as it went.
Miss Swann rolled her eyes, and yelled at the walker. “Tolkot.”
It halted.
“Test,” she said. “Hold.”
Test still ignored her.
Gabriel stepped forth, color rising to his cheeks. “Test,” he shouted. “Release.” He raised his gloved hand, and waved it toward them, ordering the return.
The disobedient machine finally stopped, and walked toward them. It failed to retract the grappler, still attached, tugging against its own restraint.
“We now see where the work needs to be done,” Miss Swann said. “That will be all for today. Krept 1A, release, and come.” She grinned as her robot followed orders, and rested a hand against one of its gleaming legs.
Gabriel walked over to Test, and unraveled the mess of tripwire. He wound it in manually, grumbling under his breath.
“This was just a display of what we’ve achieved,” Miss Swann said. “I hope you’ll have plenty of ideas, to stimulate more complacent minds, Mr. Fairpoole. I’ve heard much praise of your work.”
Daddy shifted his stance nervously. “I’m sure we’ll figure something out.”
“We will. And now, I must attend to some administrative errands inside. Mr. Richmond, please show them around.” She saluted, and left without a backward glance. Her boot heels echoed, a prim staccato in her wake.
Daddy stared after her in astonishment. “What's the matter with that woman?”
“She’s too good for us ground-dwellers,” said Arthur.
“Ground-dwellers?”
Gabriel gave a short, stifled laugh and pointed to the sky. “Miss Swann is from up there, a pretty little floating cage called Celestine. She’s vexed that they forced her to come to Earth, and get her hands dirty.”
Lily was surprised. “Miss Swann is from the space colonies?”
“That’s right,” said Ed, and he spat in the direction of Krept. “The pampered few, in their false worlds.”
“Why does she act so rude?” Lily asked.
Daddy smirked. “What they’re saying is, Miss Swann is rich, and doesn’t like associating with common people like us.”
Lily didn’t fully understand, but she realized adults placed much importance on status, and origin.
There were more exciting things to think about. She reveled in her new work, and applied herself with enthusiasm. Each day was split between three worlds. It began every morning, in the shop. After lunch, they worked for several hours at the militia headquarters. At sundown, they returned to the shop, to tidy and close up. Then, she and Daddy went home, to the encompassing warmth of the hearth, reading with her siblings, and singing with Nana until bedtime.




Chapter 3



Miss Swann remained condescending toward the robotics team, and they preferred her absence.
Lily had never met someone from the space colonies before. She was curious, despite Miss Swann’s arrogant ways.
During the first week, Daddy and the other technicians refined the test unit’s configuration, and brought its main engine and actuators to dependable operation. The difficulty lay in the delicate arrangement of the processing network.
Lily’s fingers were nimble, and small enough to reach into narrow spaces. She was adept at installing the fragile vacuum tubes in their detailed formations. It was tedious, but she loved it.
The team loved her more for doing it.
When Test performed exceptionally, even Miss Swann gave a few words of praise. It was a rare moment, and did little to soothe the animosity toward her.
On a bright, warm morning, Lily was by herself at the station.
Daddy was in a meeting with the captain, and the others were on break.
She often composed lyrics while she worked. Words and rhythms emerged, and swirled in patterns, like the ones she built inside of the robot.
She lay on her back, upon the floor. Above her was a mesh of wires and circuitry, spaced carefully across a support lattice. They were expanding Test’s central controller. After this upgrade, the unit would be on par with Krept 1A.
She sang loudly, believing she was alone.
“Perfect world today, I can’t stop smilin’,
“See the sun, that sky so blue,
“Time to come out of hidin’.
“Everything’s fallin’ into place...”
She heard the brisk sound of Miss Swann’s approach, stopped singing, and pretended she was intent upon the job.
“You sing well,” Miss Swann said. “I like hearing music around here. It’s a nice change.”
Lily sat up, and dusted herself off. “Thank you, ma’am.”
Miss Swann knelt beside her, glancing at the web-like structure hanging above. “You’re quite the remarkable girl. Is there anything you can’t do?”
“There’s a lot of things,” Lily said, running a hand through her braids. “I’m a terrible cook. Mama tried to teach me, but my sisters are better than me. Daddy and my Nana know what I really like to do.”
“Family is the most precious thing in life,” Miss Swann said. “You’re fortunate to have a close one.”
“Yeah.” Lily had many questions, and asked the first one that came to mind. “So, how did you learn about programming?”
“I expected you’d ask this, sooner or later, with the way you always listen in on me.” Miss Swann smiled. “You remind me of myself, Lily. When you see something you want, you reach out and take it.”
They stared at each other.
Lily knew it was true. She always expressed what she felt, and pursued whatever she desired.
“My father sent me to the finest school he could afford, founded by the renowned Johanna Stonecipher. I learned about programming there, but at a cost. I had to sacrifice much that I loved.”
“You’re good at what you do,” Lily said. “I like to build robots, but I want to build their operating systems, too.”
“You can. When I next work with Test, I’ll teach you some of the basic code.”
“Really? I’d like that.”
“Of course. And, please call me Delia. Miss Swann is too formal. I’d like to think you and I can be friends. I don’t have many here.”
The affinity was awkward at first, but they became close over the following weeks.
Delia invited her to the next programming session, as promised.
Lily sat cross-legged on the floor beside the robot, observing with interest.
Delia wore a display visor over one eye, flipping a sensor-tipped finger as she instructed. “We must first establish the interface. There are many different programming languages, and it can be difficult to determine which is correct. This is a part of what you'll learn.”
By afternoon, Lily wore the visor. She watched in amazement as the code flew and adhered across the screen, the system responding to her commands.
“You’ve got a talent for this, as well,” Delia said. “When you’re older, you should consider a major at one of Stonecipher’s universities. Your aptitude will surely get you accepted.”
Delia revealed a secret, on an afternoon when she and Lily were alone. She looked about, to be sure no one was listening.
“Many people don’t realize how much power a talented programmer wields,” she said. “In the colonies, everything is run by immense systems. The thing to remember is, a system is a system, no matter how complicated. Anyone with the proper hardware and skill can manipulate them. Some programmers have used this to their advantage. I admit, I’ve indulged in a little accessing mischief myself.”
Lily was surprised. “You can break into systems you’re not supposed to, and change things how you want?”
“Just remember, when you have a rare and marvelous talent, it can be applied in many different ways,” Delia said. “Never let anyone, or anything, limit how you choose to use it.”
The advice lingered in Lily’s mind, and influenced her perspective on many things.




Chapter 4



During the summer of Lily's ninth year, the War escalated as never before. The Pruessian Empire controlled a large portion of Earth, and expanded its ruthless campaign. Five nations remained defiant, including her own, Amerixca.
Massive robotic forces overwhelmed entire cities, in random attacks across the globe. The numbers of the Unfortunates swelled a thousandfold, and it was difficult to provide for them.
Lily felt most useful with the militia. She excelled in her programming tasks, and soon worked with all of the robots, including Krept 1A. One line at a time, she created the foundations of the operating systems, and Delia layered in the more advanced structures. She even learned some of the bewildering Pruessian code, when they modified the enemy walker.
The Krept units were sleek and lethal. They dominated all of the assimilated enemy robots. If the Kaezer set his greedy eyes on Plumgrove, he’d find a tough fight waiting.
Days shortened, and winds grew chilly. The orchards of Plumgrove’s namesake changed to radiant hues of red and gold. Harvest time brought many traditional festivities, which the citizens loved.
Delia didn’t like the cold weather. She complained about the dreary clouds and rain, and snapped daily at Gabriel, withdrawing to her office at odd intervals.
One crisp fall morning, Daddy was discussing the latest Test unit with Ed and Arthur.
Lily was eager to start her shift, and headed to the programming area. Hearing hushed voices, she hid behind a rack of parts, and slowly peered around the corner.
“I’m not coming home, Ben,” Delia said, sounding miserable. “Not for a long time. The Celestine Precinct just extended my incumbency by at least six months.”
A man’s voice answered. “Your father will rejoice at the news. But we’ll marry soon, my darling. He can’t stop us.”
“I want nothing more.” Delia leaned against the wall, speaking to the communication device she always wore on her wrist. The hologram of a handsome young man’s face glimmered before her.
“When the War is over, I’ll come for you,” he said. “I love you.”
The hologram faded, and Delia trembled with quiet sobs.
Lily felt guilty for eavesdropping, and waited a moment before she approached.
Delia turned, her eyelashes damp. “Hello, Lily. Are you ready to learn more structural code today?”
“Yes, ma’am.” Wanting to cheer Delia up, she tried a compliment. “Thanks again, for teaching me. I like working with you.“
“I appreciate that,” Delia said. “It helps to see your smile each day. You’re like a ray of sunlight. Plumgrove is so dark this time of year, isn’t it?”
“Sometimes it is. There’s lots of rain in autumn. Then the snow falls, and we get to sled down the hill, out back of the house.” She paused. “You can come, too, when winter gets here. It’s really fun.”
“You’re kind to consider me,” Delia said. “But snow doesn't suit me. My home is a controlled climate. We have warmth and light all the time. I can’t adjust to this gloom.”
“Have you been to Lookout Point? It’s just behind the station, not a long walk from here. You can see all of town, and the orchards with their fall colors. I’ll take you there, if you want.”
Delia was about to answer, but Gabriel and Daddy approached.
“Miss Swann, we need a word,” Gabriel said, in a flat, angry voice.
She lifted her chin to its usual haughty level. “Certainly.”
Daddy crossed his arms. “We’ve installed the rocket turret, but there appears to be an issue within the system. It just gives an error chime.”
“Very well, I’ll have a look at it. Pardon me, Lily. I’ll return in a moment.”
Lily put on her display visor, and inspected the new robot’s system. She recognized most of the visual structures now, making navigation easier.
A few minutes later, she heard Delia’s furious approach.
“I won’t be subjected to such rude treatment, Mr. Crowley.”
Gabriel shouted, following her. “Rude treatment? Why don’t you have a look in the mirror, and figure out why your nose is stuck to the ceiling? I’ve had it. Threaten me all you want.”
Delia's voice trembled. “Stand aside, please. I’m taking a walk with Lily.”
Lily removed the display, confused. “What’s going on?”
“We’re going to the Lookout place you mentioned.” Delia said, her lips pressed in a firm line. “Right now.”
“Oh, okay.”
Daddy gave her a perplexed look, as she and Delia left the station.
“I have to get away for a while,” Delia said. “I respect you, and your father, but I refuse to be insulted by the others.”
Lily was about to reply, but decided against it. They trekked away from the headquarters, and up the wooded slope behind it.
The trail wound along the tallest hill in Plumgrove. It was muddy after morning rain, but it didn’t bother Delia. She stepped from rock to ledge with careful vigor, and hopped puddles easily.
They reached the top, and stopped for breath.
The vista faced east, toward the horizon, as far as one could see along Harmony Valley. Plumgrove occupied the westernmost tip. It was also the town furthest inside the valley’s enclosure, surrounded by rolling bluffs on three sides, and the narrow strip of farmland between.
Lily loved the breathtaking view. This was the best time of year for it. Several famous painters and photographers had come through Plumgrove over the years, to capture its autumn grandeur.
Many fields were hidden under the camps of the Unfortunates, but the plum orchards blazed in full glory that afternoon. The clouds broke in puzzled gaps against the hilltops. Dramatic pillars of sunlight touched the valley floor, illuminating fiery patches among the shade.
“I love the color of those leaves,” Lily said, pointing. “That pinkish red, up the outer slope. That’s the Tuxbury orchard. They grow some of the sweetest fruit around.”
Delia stared in silence.
Lily liked her, and looked up to her in many ways. After a year of working with her, she knew that the arrogant Miss Swann was a mask presented toward others, especially toward Gabriel. Most people assumed she was aloof because of her affluent background. In truth, Delia Swann was a lonely, homesick person, in a town that disliked her for where she came from.
Many of the citizens of Harmony Valley opposed the orbital colonies. Mama told Lily about it, once. All of the land here was privately owned, but the larger space-based corporations often pressured the locals to sell exclusively. The farmers refused, and organized an independent conglomerate. Big business was forced to step down. The towns were proud of their freedom, and the tight-knit nature of their community.
Lily thought it was important to explain the antagonism. “Mr. Crowley and the others all come from Harmony Valley,” she said. “The space colonies are unpopular here, and Celestine, your home, is one of the most disliked. Since you haven’t been nice to the team, they think you’re conceited.”
Delia smirked. “So, that’s it? I assumed it was because I’m a woman, with authority over them. Perhaps it isn’t so extreme.”
“It’s still extreme. Sorry to tell you, but I thought you should know why they’re angry.”
“Thank you for being honest, when no one else has.” Delia put an arm around her. “And for bringing me up here. I haven’t seen anything this lovely in a long time, and so rarely on Earth.”
Lily smiled. “You’re welcome.”
“Let’s go back,” Delia said. “We have work to do, and I have apologies to make.”
They started down the trail, when a noise like thunder shook the ground. Running back to the ledge, they saw a sky-high plume of black smoke, billowing further up the valley.
Sirens wailed over Plumgrove.
Fear gripped Lily’s heart. “What’s happening?”
“I don’t know,” Delia said. “We must return to headquarters at once.”




Chapter 5



The entire militia was gathered in the yard. Their forces numbered two hundred forty-five men and women, with several recent recruits from the Unfortunates. The robotic fleet consisted of seven functional Krept models, and three captured walkers.
Lily found Daddy, and grabbed his hand. “Is it another drill?”
“I don’t think so, Sunshine. Stay close.”
She felt numb, and whispered in his ear. “We saw a big cloud of smoke from the Lookout. It was way down the valley, near Hills Port.”
He tightened his grip on her hand. “Don’t say anything, until the captain gives orders.”
Captain Rutherford addressed them from the steps of the administrative building. “We’ve just received news from Hills Port,” he said. “It’s a confirmed attack by the Kaezer. A squadron of rotorcraft bombed several targets around the town. We don’t know how extensive the damage is yet, or if there were any casualties. The militia shot down one enemy vessel, and took another robot into custody. In any case, we’re all on high alert, until further notice. It's a mandatory blackout for the next forty-eight hours. I want the first two squadrons formed out front. You’ll alert the citizens, and help them as needed.”
Delia approached Lily and Daddy. “We need to cover all of the windows and doors in the station,” she said.
As they entered, they found Gabriel, Ed, and Arthur huddled nearby.
Ed sat on a supply crate, with his face buried in his hands.
Delia walked slowly towards them.
Arthur watched her blankly, and Gabriel glared.
“Mr. Richmond,” Delia said. “Do I recall that you’re from the town which just suffered the attack?”
Ed’s dark eyes were wary. “Yes.”
Delia took a deep breath, and sank to one knee. There was no sign of her usual snobbery. “I’m sorry,” she said. “If there’s anything I can do to help...”
Gabriel interrupted. “You can stop pretending you care.”
Ed simply nodded. “Thank you for your concern, ma’am. I’d like to request the afternoon off, if it isn’t any trouble. I’ll catch up my work tomorrow.”
“Granted. Return when you’re able. I’ll inform the captain that you’ve taken a leave of absence.”
“Thank you, Miss Swann.” Ed saluted, and departed promptly.
“I’ve been wrong, about many things,” Delia said, and turned to Gabriel. “I owe you an apology, Mr. Crowley.”
“You don’t owe me anything.” Gabriel gave her a contemptuous look. “You’re an outsider, you’ll never understand.”
Daddy took a step toward Delia. “I’m not from Harmony Valley, either,” he said. “I was born and raised in Chelworth, and was accepted into this community when I married Mayla. Are you going to antagonize me, as you do Miss Swann?”
“You’re still from Earth,” Gabriel said. “She’s one of the tyrants from the sky, too proud to set foot on the soil that feeds them. There’s a big difference.”
Delia paced with thoughtful steps. “I do come from one of the elite families on Celestine,” she said. “My father is the main financial supporter of this robotics project. The Precinct ordered me to Plumgrove, to assist the militia in strengthening its defenses. And my family funds the research, forcing me to stay, because they want to separate me from my fiance.”
Gabriel raised his eyebrows, yet said nothing.
“My father has disowned me for choosing to marry against his wishes. However, there’s a greater reason the illustrious Mr. Swann has continued to fund us. He has much interest in the resources of Harmony Valley, and pressures me to promote his business agenda here. The plan is to weaken the resolve of your farming cooperative, and bring it under his control. I’ve thwarted his efforts every time, and I’ll continue doing so.”
Gabriel smiled, a slight lift to one corner of his lips. “So, you’re an outsider among the outsiders? That’s an interesting perspective, I’m sure.”
“Interesting is one way of putting it.” Delia addressed them with conviction. “This latest attack on Hills Port is a reminder that we must stand together, and prepare for the arrival of the enemy. Are you all with me?”
A united cheer resounded.
Delia looked triumphant. “We’re finally a team,” she said.
The War was no longer just a story in the news, or gossip at the market place. This was an attack on their own, and it reinforced the actuality of the Kaezer.
Later that evening, Lily helped Clarence with his lessons beside a single lantern, since the fire couldn’t be lit. Mama and Nana had covered all of the windows with thick blankets.
Daddy went to bed early, exhausted after the long day, but Lily was too worried to sleep.
Nana tapped her on the shoulder. “I see that frown of yours. Come sit with me.”
Lily sighed, and sat on the edge of the quiet, shadowy hearth. “What’s going to happen when the War comes to Plumgrove, Nana?”
“Not when it comes. It’s already here,“ Nana said, hugging her with one shawl-draped arm. “I don’t know what the rest of this old town will do, but I know what I’ll be doing. Once that Kaezer fellow rolls in, I’m going to be singing, and smiling, and I’ll give him a good punch in the nose. You just stick with me.”
She laughed at the thought of Nana hitting the enemy.
“That's right, baby girl. Don't forget, you take after your Nana. You have a special gift. Music is a power all its own. Your songs can bring smiles on a cloudy day. Break a heart, or heal it. Your voice can even help you find love, when there seems to be none. You look at me like I'm crazy, but just you try it. You'll see that it's true one day.“
Lily hummed herself to sleep that night, and her fear lessened with song, just as Nana had promised.




Chapter 6



The attack on Hills Port was an isolated event. Some buildings were destroyed, and there were a few injuries, but no one was killed. Nevertheless, the militia maintained its vigilance.
The robotics team accelerated their efforts. They completed another Krept unit, and sent it to Hills Port, to strengthen their defense.
Days shortened and darkened. The first snow arrived, and a festive atmosphere befell Plumgrove. Despite the looming War, the town observed all of its cherished traditions.
The Fairpoole family invited Delia to their Yuletide celebration. Daddy insisted, knowing she would otherwise be by herself. It was good fortune for the coming year to host a lonely person.
Delia accepted, and it was one of the best holiday gatherings ever.
Weeks flew by, and a chill settled over the valley. The warm clothing Nana made was put to good use. Snow drifted against the sides of houses and barns, layered against fence rails and stone walls. Icicles as long as bayonets fringed the rooftops, and reached like fingers from the lamp posts along Main Street.
Winter in Plumgrove was the best time to be a kid. Lily played outside a lot more with her siblings, and the other children in town.
She turned ten years old, as the muted sunlight of early spring thawed the frozen earth.
The shifting of the seasons brought change, and nothing would be the same again.
It came at dawn, without warning. A synchronized attack, on every capital city still obstinate to the Kaezer. The last free nations crumbled before the fist, sword, and gear of the enemy banner. Within hours, it waved over them all.
The message broadcast across the globe issued one command. “Surrender. The Kaezer is your leader. Bend the knee, or face annihilation.”
It came to be known as Black Sky Day, because the sooty exhaust of the robots darkened all hope.
However, the skies over Plumgrove were clear, as she and Daddy hurried to headquarters. They reached the station, and met the somber expressions of Delia and the team. All were fixated on the image above Delia’s wrist.
“You need to see this,” Gabriel said.
The hologram displayed was of their own leader, President Hollander. He was terrified, humbled to shame, with a pistol against his head.
“And who is the great leader, Hir Hollander?” a heavily accented voice asked. “Please repeat, so that all people will hear the truth.”
The pistol clicked.
President Hollander winced. “The Kaezer is the great leader, from this day forth.”
“Thank you for serving your purpose. All victory to Hir Kaezer.”
Daddy shielded Lily’s view as the gunshot cracked.
She gasped, and clung to his arm.
“Are you okay, Sunshine?”
She nodded, overcome with shock.
His hand shivered against her own.
The Kaezer now ruled the known world. With their President assassinated, Amerixca’s infrastructure collapsed.
Captain Rutherford called the militia to the yard. All were armed, and ready to defend. The robotic fleet stood with them, and it was an awe-inspiring sight.
“War comes, but we’ll be ready for it,” the captain shouted. “Death to the Kaezer!” He raised his fist, and was answered with riotous ovation.
The four major towns of Harmony Valley--Hills Port, Amstelwick, Plumgrove, and Cherry Bluff--united in purpose. The captains met, and discussed their strategies. Sentries and guard posts were placed along every road and hillside trail. They dug trenches, built lookouts, and conducted daily drills. There was one viable entrance an invading force could use. It lay at the valley’s mouth, near Hills Port. They barricaded the area, and posted a valiant battalion to keep watch at all hours.
The calm days that followed were a charade. It seemed like any other springtime. The farmers should have been pruning their orchards, and tilling the ground. Instead, they cleaned their guns, and stocked their cellars for the imminent struggle.
All communication with outside towns revealed that the Kaezer advanced steadily. Any who resisted were razed into submission. The armed forces of their land were devastated, along with the leaders. Only those who banded together had any sense of freedom left.
Almost two weeks after Black Sky Day, a late snow shrouded the landscape.
Lily was at the station one evening, with Daddy and the rest of the team. She sat beside Delia in a dim corner. A display visor covered her eye, revealing the code for the latest Test robot.
The snow was already knee deep. Everyone assumed that it would deter the Kaezer, as it was hard to maneuver anything through the drifts.
Right before sundown, an uncertain knock came at the door.
Arthur answered it. Tension mounted, as it might be a call to attack, or another drill.
A short, bundled figure trudged in, flecked with snowflakes, and holding a covered pot between two thick mittens. Only the child’s dark eyes showed, glancing about the room over a fluffy orange scarf.
Lily recognized her brother. She removed her display, and ran to hug him. “Clarence, how did you get here through all the snow?”
He handed her the pot. “The nice men from the militia came to check on us. Mama wanted you to have some of this, so they gave me a ride in their car.”
Daddy picked Clarence up, and kissed him on the forehead.
When she peeked under the lid, the most delicious smell wafted out. Chicken stew. Her stomach grumbled.
Clarence was seven now, and getting taller every day. “There’s enough for everybody,” he said. “Sorry, I don’t have any bowls, but it’s my favorite thing Mama makes. You’ve gotta try some.”
Everyone thanked him.
Ed went to the mess hall to get some utensils.
The food warmed Lily up, and brought smiles to tired faces. All was quiet, with everyone enjoying the company.
Then, a wave of deafening force swept through. Glass burst against the window coverings.
Delia threw her arms around Lily, shielding her.
Lily couldn’t see, but felt Delia trembling.
Fierce voices bellowed outside. “It’s the Kaezer. To arms!”
Another explosion rocked the station, knocking tools and parts from the walls. Several more rumbled in the distance.
Bombs dropped all over town, as the scream of sirens pierced the cold air.
Her legs wobbled, and she grasped Delia’s hand to stand up.
Daddy looked grim. “Miss Swann, may my children stay here, until we return?”
“Of course,” Delia said. Her voice was hoarse, almost a whisper.
The adults gathered their weapons, and donned their helmets.
Daddy knelt before Lily. “Keep the door locked, no matter what, and wait here for me.”
“I understand,” she said, trying to sound brave.
Clarence’s cheeks were damp. “Okay, Daddy.”
Daddy nearly crushed them with a hug. He went to a rack in the corner, retrieved his rifle, and handed it to her. “Do you remember how to use it, Sunshine?”
“Yes.” She was cold, even with her brother’s arms thrown around her.
“Good. Hopefully, you won’t need it.” Daddy looked back, one last time, and his voice wavered. “I love you both.” He closed the door, and it locked with an abrupt click.
“What about Mama, and Nana?” Clarence asked. “And Aimee, and Grace, too?”
Lily clutched the rifle tightly. “We'll just have to wait, until Daddy can reach them.”
Clarence was restless, and tried to peek out the windows.
“Get over here,” she said. “We have to stay out of sight.”
He looked at the ground. “I’m scared. I heard some people talking in town. They said the Kaezer takes kids away from their parents, and puts everyone in prison. Is that true?”
“I don’t know.” She shuddered.
Clarence had a peaceful, expressive soul. He’d never cried much as a baby, and never picked a fight with her, or her sisters.
She wanted to distract him from his fear.
The test robot beeped from the corner, and gave her an idea.
She set the rifle carefully against the wall, and strapped on one of the transmitter gloves.
“What are you doing?” Clarence asked.
“You’ll see.” She walked to the center of the room. “Stand next to me. You have to give them some space.”
He obeyed, watching with wide, hollow eyes.
Another distant explosion startled them.
Lily straightened her shoulders. “We don’t have to be afraid, we have a friend. Test.”
The robot chimed its acknowledgment.
She whistled, and waved her gloved hand. “Come.”
Test responded. It was on battery power only, which was standard during programming.
“Is this one of the robots you helped to build?” Clarence asked.
“Sure is. I assisted Delia with the operating system, and I constructed the central processing lattice, too.”
‘Wow.” Clarence put a hand on Test's leg, admiring it.
This unit wasn’t ready for combat. The attack protocol existed, but she wasn’t sure if the weaponry was functional. She could still amuse Clarence with it, and made Test perform a few simple tricks for entertainment. It worked for a while, but eventually lost its novelty.
“I hope Daddy comes back soon,” Clarence said, watching the door. “I want to go home.”
“Me, too.”
They snuggled to stay warm, and fell asleep with an unfinished robot standing guard.




Chapter 7



Voices clamored through one of the broken windows, waking Lily with a start. She recognized the guttural sound of Pruessian, from her programming sessions with Delia.
“Clarence, wake up.” Her whisper was a puff of mist.
He stirred, disoriented. “Where are we?”
“Hush.”
Outside, she heard the mechanical whirr of robotic actuators and powerful hydraulics, and the crunch of snow beneath many heels. Bright lights flashed to and fro, contrasting angles against the blackout coverings. It came from all sides. There was no escape.
Clarence gripped her arm. “It’s the Kaezer.”
She fetched the rifle, and waved the transmitter glove, calling Test to stand over them.
“Arten treught.” A man’s voice shouted, deep and brash. He smashed what remained of the window with the butt of a rifle, and the strike of his cleated boot.
She gripped her own weapon tightly, but dreaded pulling the trigger. The recoil was too strong. The few times she’d practiced, Daddy had supported her.
Hopefully, the enemy would only see the robot, and not the two kids shivering beneath it.
There were several voices, and peals of laughter.
The first trooper poked his head in, and shone his light about the shadowed room. Then he climbed through, grinding the broken glass beneath his heavy feet.
Clarence whimpered.
The trooper yelled over his shoulder. “Mekanetri, forsvuht.”
“Stay quiet, and keep behind me,” Lily whispered. She crossed her fingers, and hoped for luck in what she was about to do.
The robot likely had no weapons, but it would at least be a distraction.
“Test.” Her voice echoed through the frigid room.
Test acknowledged with a chime.
“Attack.” She swung her gloved hand in the direction of the trooper.
The trooper made a startled noise, and turned his light toward them again.
To Lily’s surprise, Test’s main weapon turret deployed from the slot, and snapped into ready position. If the cylinders were loaded, it would have been instant death.
The intruder stepped toward the window, and aimed his rifle at Test. He caught sight of Lily and Clarence, and shouted to his companions. “Kindrener. Vadnas il portuner.”
Test paused for a few seconds, as it processed its next action.
The trooper eyed the robot cautiously, but walked past it.
More troopers forced their way through the windows. Soon, there were seven.
Lily heard at least three walkers outside, crushing ice-bound earth beneath their impatient steps. Though her heart nearly pounded out of her chest, she tried to look fearless.
“Stay back,” she said, and pointed her rifle at the approaching trooper.
He stopped a few feet away, with an amused grin. His mustache and pointed goatee appeared sharp in the wan light. Like his comrades, he wore a long, fur-trimmed black overcoat, and a helmet lined with insulating layers around his ears and face.
Behind him came the tapping scrape of four brass and steel feet.
Even on battery power, Test’s dexterity was alarming. With the click of another device slot, six sinuous appendages extended from the hull. All were tipped with prehensile, razored effectors. They waved about a moment, then surrounded the trooper. The flurry of coiled blades hissed through the air, and a chunky mist of red gore sprayed the wall and floor.
The trooper staggered and groaned, stumbling to one knee. His blue eyes widened, and he collapsed, still grasping his rifle in twitching fingers. Blood gushed from the jagged wounds in his neck and back, spreading in a dark pool.
Clarence gasped, and hid his face in his hands.
Lily’s stomach churned. She’d only seen the Krept models in action during practice runs. This was brutal, but efficient.
“Test. Attack,” she said, and waved her hand at the other troopers.
They seemed confused at the sudden demise of their comrade.
She watched, with numb fascination, as Test advanced.
The appendages swung in a mad blur, but the troopers stayed out of range. They clustered together, backing away.
“Deaktiv kulgya il mekanet,” one of them shouted.
There were several clinks as they loaded specialized ammunition, and then all aimed their rifles at Test.
Lily pushed Clarence’s head down, and crouched beside him. “Keep low.”
A rushing, liquid sound came from the weapon turret on Test’s back. Seconds later, a searing wall of flame burst forth, incinerating all of the troopers.
Gurgled screams and panic followed. The whirling slicers finished all who fled. Blood and severed bits of flesh decorated the room. Four men soon wheezed their last breaths beneath the arced steel of the robot’s legs, strewn in pathetic throes across the concrete floor. The odor of charred skin and hair was disturbingly sweet.
Lily covered her nose, and tried not to get sick.
Only two troopers remained.
One dragged himself toward the nearest window, his leg partially flayed and useless, leaving a red trail of fading life behind him.
The tripwire gun fired, the grappler embedding in the desperate trooper’s neck. Gears and pulleys squealed within Test’s copper shell.
He gagged, and clawed at the tightening tether.
Test circled, and wrapped the tripwire about his contorted face.
There was a futile sound, which might have been a scream, if breath were allowed through the crushed throat. The wire jerked, pulling the man forward several yards. With a wet, muffled snap, his neck broke. He soon lay next to the others, convulsing.
Test beeped softly, and the status indicator beside its optical pane blinked a pleading red. It stopped moving a few feet away, in need of fuel.
Lily forced herself to stand.
One young man still lived. Wild-eyed and drenched with the blood of his companions, he hobbled toward them. He yelled, and the walkers outside kicked the walls, rattling the building’s foundations.
“Don’t come any closer,” Lily said. She held the rifle as Daddy had taught her, firm against her shoulder, eyes straight down the barrel.
Outside, she heard approaching shouts, and gunfire. The thud of the walkers receded, as they turned to face new attackers.
The last trooper lunged at her.
She pulled the trigger on reflex, and shot him in the face.
The gun slipped, and struck her in the jaw. Her voice sounded distant as she cried out, agony ripping through her body.
Clarence yelled her name, and the world spun into darkness.
She came to, not certain how much later, and felt the cold air against her skin. It helped to numb the pain throbbing through her shoulder, neck, and jaw. She was in Daddy’s arms, looking at the ceiling.
“Lily, wake up. Please.” Daddy’s voice was fearful.
Everything she needed to say welled forth, but the words caught in her throat, and she gasped. Sharp air filled her lungs. She threw her head back, a cry for the exhale. The pain had a beat, like her heart, pulsing and ebbing with the slightest movement. The salted copper taste of blood filled her mouth.
Clarence pressed close to her side, and curled his fingers around hers.
“I never should have left you alone,” Daddy said.
She saw Delia, and several others.
Captain Rutherford stood nearby, with a radio in his hand. The crackling voice on the other end was urgent. “More bombers have been sighted. Orders are to seek cover immediately.”
“Everyone, get downstairs,” Delia shouted. “To the basement. Now.”
Daddy picked Lily up, and carried her. They followed everyone down the cramped stairwell, to the storage area beneath the station.
She was still dizzy, and tried to get a look at the faces around her. It was too dim to see beyond those closest to her--Daddy, Clarence, Delia, and Gabriel.
The captain latched the steel door closed behind them.
The only light came from the images flickering on Delia’s wristcom, with a live broadcast from space on hologram.
Fear hung in the air, but all watched the display with incredulous eyes.
Delia’s face was bathed blue and silver within the glow. She looked pale, and furious at the conversation hovering an inch above her wrist.
Another explosion outside indicated the bombers drew closer.
A news reporter spoke, his voice sputtering through the weak signal. His suit, tie, and sleek hairstyle were immaculate, and his smile perfect and white. He held an enormous brass microphone. “Ladies and gentlemen of the colonies, Luna, and Mars, we have here with us Mr. Folson, a representative of Swann and Company. Thank you for joining us at this most desperate hour. Mr. Folson, the Kaezer has devastated the surface. But, we’re told that there are still free coalitions below, trying to fight back. Many of Celestine’s citizens are in support of sending more aid. Why, then, has Swann withdrawn all of its support to surface-based companies and research today?”
The image shifted to a dour-faced man, with silver hair and mustache perfectly groomed, his eyes as black as his coat. “We must retreat,” he said. “There are some who question the intervention of the off-world forces. Several of our constituents believe that the previous bureaucracy was inept, and largely responsible for failing to defend Earth. Perhaps it’s best to see what arises out of this transition.”
Delia shouted at the illusory faces and voices in her hologram. “Go to hell, Father, you heartless bastard. How could you abandon us?”
The hologram faded, and they were plunged into darkness.
Then the bombs arrived. Walls rumbled, and the ground shook.
Everyone fell to the floor. Several people cried out in terror.
Lily’s own throat was too dry and weary to scream.
The surge from the blast, combined with the explosive pain in her head, was overwhelming. All faded to a stark, clear white, and her ears rang.
Massive engines and propellers drove the enemy bombers far above, loud enough to rattle one’s bones all the way underground. They passed over, and the only sound left was the rapid breathing of everyone crowded together.
The captain’s radio hissed and snapped. “Bannerman, of Hills Port here. Come in, Captain Rutherford.”
The captain answered in a strained voice. “I copy, sir.”
“Get out. If you have any way, get to the hills. More bombers are incoming. It looks like they plan to blow us off the map.”
“Roger that. Best of luck to you, sir. Over and out.” Captain Rutherford swore quietly, and stumbled up the darkened stairs. He threw the door open, and the cold air and weak light spilled in. “Let’s move,” he said. “We’ll make for the Lookout.”
Daddy still carried Lily.
She was starting to feel better, and was able to focus more.
The station remained, though half of it had collapsed. Smoke and flames consumed what was left of the ceiling.
“Krept 1A, come,” Delia shouted.
A chiming response sounded from beneath a heap of rubble. The robot emerged, and traipsed to her side.
“Leave it. We don’t have enough men to carry the fuel,” the captain said.
Delia picked up a compact drum, and set it into the concave utility well on the robot’s back. “Krept can carry its own fuel, as well as other supplies, if we have need.”
“Very well. But move quickly, Miss Swann.”
Clarence tugged at Daddy’s sleeve. “When are we going home? I want to see Mama.”
Lily wanted to ask the same question.
“Later,” Daddy said. “We have to go, now. It'll all make sense later.” His smile was feeble, as he playfully messed Clarence’s curls.
Lily grew more confused, her voice a troubled whisper. “What’s happening, Daddy? Where are all of the Unfortunates, and the rest of the militia?”
“Everyone’s running away,” Daddy said. “We have to get out, before more troopers and bombers come.”
Delia returned, with Krept close behind her.
“Let’s go,” she said. She smiled, and smoothed a loose braid from Lily's eyes. “You’re the bravest little girl I’ve ever known. Can you be strong for just a while longer?”
“Sure.“ Lily tried to smile, but it hurt too much.
Daddy grabbed an extra uniform coat from one of the remaining supply racks, and helped her slip it on. It was too big, but it was warm. He then wrapped his own coat around her.
“Think you can hold on, or do I need to carry you?”
“I can hold on,” she said, feeling determined.
He helped her onto his back, and gripped Clarence’s hand.
They hurried away with the others. She counted about twenty people, mostly militia. A few she recognized, but so many were missing. And what about the robotic fleet? Countless questions haunted her mind.
Their bedraggled troupe climbed the snowy trail to Lookout Point. It was one of the few paths to the other side of the hills, leading out of the valley.
Delia took the rear of the line, with a rifle under one arm.
Krept ascended the trail nimbly, even under the icy conditions.
A few men stumbled, but they all made it to the top. Everyone stopped to look, a natural reaction when presented with this expansive view.
“They’ll pay for this,” Delia whispered.
Dense black smoke roiled across the valley. Plumgrove smoldered. The distant sound of gunfire peppered the stillness of the forested slopes around them.
Lily searched for her family’s property, their humble orchard and cozy home. Mama, Nana, and her sisters must be trapped below. A foreboding shroud of devastation concealed everything she loved.
“Daddy, where’s our house?” Clarence asked.
Thick flakes of snow twirled around them, landing softly on Daddy’s shoulder, and the fur trim of his helmet.
Lily felt him tremble beneath her.
“Not now, Mr. Fairpoole,” Delia said, sounding as if she wanted to cry. “Let’s all be good soldiers. You can tell them when we get to safety.”
“Daddy, what is it?” Lily asked.
He sobbed, and murmured a name with misted breath. “Mayla.”
Instinctively, Lily knew what had happened. Tears flooded her eyes, and she struggled to hold on.
“Why are you both crying?” Clarence asked, bewildered.
When they reached the other side of the hill, they stopped to rest.
Daddy sat down with them to explain. Several members of the militia were either missing or dead, including Lieutenant Barnhart, Ed, and Arthur. All of the robots had been sent to the front, and were likely destroyed, too. Only Krept 1A remained.
“Delia and I went to the house.” He swallowed, tears glistening. “Everything’s gone. We searched, and there were no survivors. But I found your Mama in the rubble. She looked so peaceful, like she was sleeping. I took this...” He reached into his pocket, and placed something into Lily’s shivering hand. “Hold it. It’s a part of her.”
She looked at the small, golden ring in her palm. Mama's wedding band. She never took it off. Two names were engraved along the inside--Isaac and Mayla.
She closed her fingers around it, and fell into Daddy’s arms.
Clarence sniffled, joining the embrace.
As more explosions rocked the valley behind them, Lily knew that tears were an inconvenience, now. She had to be brave, but she wanted to lie down in the snow, and let it cover away her sorrow.




Chapter 8



They sheltered in an emergency bunker, on the opposite side of Lookout Point. It supplied them with rations, ammunition, fuel, and a warm place to wait out the snow.
Captain Rutherford and Delia huddled over their radio and wristcom, trying to make sense of things that didn’t. They discussed where they should go, and the latest news from space.
Lily didn’t fully understand the politics involved with the off-world colonies. Most of the adults, including Delia, believed they were abandoned to the enemy.
Daddy was sullen, staring into the distance. He refused the meager rations that Delia offered.
Absorbed in her own thoughts, Lily cried herself to sleep. She was nestled under Daddy’s left arm, and Clarence under the right, crowded together for warmth and comfort.
She dreamed, at the darkest moment before dawn.
She was in the kitchen with Mama, trying desperately to stir a large pot on the stove.
Aimee and Grace stood nearby, laughing behind their hands at her pathetic cooking efforts.
“You have to keep stirring,” Mama said. “If you stop, you’ll die.”
Nana was suddenly beside her, with an arm over her shoulders. “Just keep singin’, and smilin’, baby girl. Nobody can take that from you.”
She never seemed to stir fast enough.
A bitter cloud of black smoke poured out.
She coughed, and tried to cover her mouth and nose, but it was no use. She couldn’t see, couldn’t breathe, ran to the nearest door and pushed it open.
This wasn’t the pantry, but somewhere else. She stepped through.
A pallid glow fell through the windows, into the cold, desolate room, and she recognized the robotics station.
The rifle was heavy in her hands, its barrel unnaturally long in the fractured shadows.
Scuffling noises came from the darkness, just out of view.
A trooper dragged himself across the floor, into a shaft of light. It was the young Pruessian man she’d shot. His blue eyes condemned her with seething rage. Blood spilled from the gunshot wound on his face, trailing across the floor in spidery tendrils.
She raised the gun.
His blood moved as if it were alive, crawling toward her like fingers along the ground.
She tried to run, but it trickled upwards, along her legs, her face. Terrified, she cried for Mama, Nana, anyone. But no help came.
A light cut into her eyes, through the tiny window set in the opposite wall. The frosted glass sparkled with the painful ray angling into the room. Everything else was dark.
She was still dazed after the dream. Recalling the lights the troopers had shone through the station windows, she assumed the enemy must be right outside.
“Daddy,” she cried. “We have to go. We have to run away.”
“I’m here, Sunshine. You had a nightmare.” His voice was ragged, but he tightened his arm around her.
“The light, they’re coming.”
“It’s just the morning. We’re okay.” He kissed her forehead. “The light always shines through the dark. We just have to believe that it’ll return.”
She shuddered, clinging to the rough wool of his overcoat. “The man I killed…he was trying to get me.”
Daddy sighed. “You’ve had to endure more than any child should, but I’m proud of you. You saved your brother, and yourself, when I couldn’t be there.”
She hugged him, closed her eyes, and the sun felt warm against her skin.
“We’ll find a new home, when the War is over,” Daddy said. “I promise.”
Her family was all that mattered. She’d already shown the Kaezer what she was capable of. Feeling better, she found rest in Daddy’s embrace.
The next morning, the small group of refugees continued their journey. They soon met with other survivors. So many had been killed or captured during the invasion. Everyone was traveling northwest, further inland, towards the last free cities on the continent. The only other option was surrender.
They allied with other travelers, and continued on foot. For several weeks, they camped wherever they could find a hiding place. They subsisted on their bland rations, and anything they could hunt, or trade for.
The enemy’s robotic forces constantly pursued them. Fortunately, there were many soldiers and militia in their band. Krept was also a lethal and efficient guardian, and neutralized several attacks on its own. 
Lily was anxious to get back to civilization. Her first glimpse of the enormous stronghold brought a sigh of relief. From a distance, she noticed the leaden cover of smoke. It wasn’t a dark billow of obliteration, but the smoke created by life--a dull, gray mantle swathing the tall buildings.
“This is it,” Captain Rutherford said. “Weathermann’s Stand.”
Tangled barbed wire fences and rickety lookout towers greeted them. A wide, muddy river cut across the barren landscape, flowing into the compound beneath a heavily defended bridge. This had once been a city, and was now a teeming emergency settlement.
The guards at the bridge welcomed them, and led them through the secured gates. Jumbled streets wound through tenement buildings, and lots were crowded with tents and hovels. There was no vacant space, no unoccupied park or terrace. Every block was crammed together. Pervasive smoke and the stench of poor plumbing stung Lily’s nose and eyes. Doleful faces leered from every window, door, and alley.
Delia fell into step beside Daddy. “This isn’t what I expected, Mr. Fairpoole. Be on your guard.”
“I already am,” he said.
The guards escorted them to an imposing building, several blocks from the gate. It was the headquarters for the local defense and law enforcement.
The commissioner, a man named Marquardt, greeted them in his conference hall. He was one of the city’s last elected officials, trying desperately to maintain order.
“We don’t receive many soldiers like yourselves,” he said. “It’s mostly civilians these days, more to feed and shelter. We’re tight enough as it is.”
Commissioner Marquardt was especially happy to see Krept, and to learn that Daddy, Lily, Delia, and Gabriel were all technicians. Their profession was in high demand.
Nearly three hundred thousand people lived in Weathermann’s Stand, and only a small militia of two thousand existed to keep the peace. With so many living close together, under desperate conditions, violence was common. Food and water were distributed by the militia. Most of the population relied on the emergency rations that had been set aside prior to the invasion, or on the meager harvest from patched and potted gardens.
Daddy enlisted in the new militia, along with most of the others, and they were given residence in the barracks.
Delia took the fourth bunk in their room, as she felt most comfortable there.
Gabriel and Captain Rutherford settled nearby.
The adults worked on rotating shifts, and there was always someone off-duty to stay with Lily and Clarence.
When they went out on the streets, Delia insisted they take Krept along. The robot was a deterrent against the criminals and gangs prowling certain areas. There were some sectors that one couldn’t travel alone, day or night, and these were wisely avoided.
Lily worked at the militia headquarters, to help earn some of the commodities they needed, performing various maintenance and programming jobs. She taught Clarence a few basic skills, like tightening bolts, and stripping wire.
He learned quickly, and was an eager assistant. Before long, they had a devoted clientele.
The forces of the Kaezer arrived a few weeks later, but they didn’t attack directly. Every day, a cavalcade drove around the stronghold, with loudspeakers announcing the stipulations of surrender. The voice droned in a Pruessian accent. “Come to the shelter of the great leader, you will not be harmed. A new world awaits us.”
The propaganda never ended. Sadly, it worked. Many people were tired of the miserable conditions in Weathermann’s Stand, but those who surrendered were never seen again.
One evening, after a long day’s work, Lily retired to the barracks.
Delia was sitting on the edge of her bunk, and conversing with someone via wristcom.
Lily lowered her eyes, and turned to leave. “I’m sorry,” she said. “I didn’t mean to interrupt.”
“Not at all,” Delia said. “Come here, Lily. I want you to meet someone.”
The young man on hologram smiled. Even on the washed-out, bluish image, he was very handsome. “Hello, there. I’ve heard much about you,” he said. “I’m Benjamin Keene. But, call me Ben. Delia tells me you’re a remarkable young lady.”
Delia put an arm around her. “You’d have to see what she can do to believe it. I’d like to sponsor her at one of Stonecipher’s universities someday.”
“I’m not that remarkable,” Lily said. “I can do a few things well, if you show me how.”
Delia and Ben laughed.
“You also pretend to be shy, when I know otherwise,” Delia said. “Lily, Ben is my fiance. We’ve been separated for three years, and there’s finally a chance that we can reunite.”
“That’s the plan, at least,” said Ben. “We also want to get your family out of that stronghold, and up to the colonies.”
Lily was stunned. “You mean, we’d go with you into space?”
Ben nodded. “It’s risky. The Kaezer shoots down all craft that get in range, and has seized all of our ports and bases. I know a shuttle pilot who might be able to slip through. But you’d all have to be there, at the exact time.”
“I’d like that,” Lily said. “I’ll ask Daddy about it.”
At first, Daddy was hesitant, but he eventually agreed.
Delia promised to alert them when the rendezvous was confirmed.
It took much longer than expected. Several months passed. Lily’s birthday came and went. At eleven years old, she possessed more experience and skill than people twice her age.
It was hard to be optimistic. Sometimes grief overwhelmed her, when she thought about what she’d lost. She remembered Nana’s words, to always keep singing and smiling. It cheered the weary hearts of others, and made her feel better, too.




Chapter 9



On a crisp fall afternoon, Lily and Clarence returned to the barracks, and went downstairs to the communal room.
Gabriel was off-duty, lounging at the long wooden table. He waved and smiled.
Clarence joined Gabriel in front of the radio. It was time for the latest news broadcast out of Calgary, another of the strongholds.
The announcer’s voice was bold, yet hopeful, over the fizzled speaker. “The Kaezer is at our doorstep, but all of the free cities stand united in the cause of liberty. Don’t forgive, or forget. The enemy must be driven out of our land, dear friends.”
It was nothing unusual or exciting. She took a tin cup from the counter, and dipped it into the kettle of water on the stove.
Gabriel had fetched it from the river that afternoon, and boiled it for their evening use.
She sat beside them to listen.
The radio announcer returned. “We have urgent and alarming news of a widespread outbreak. Thousands have fallen ill. Reports are swarming in, that the water has been tainted. Only stored caches are safe. Repeat. Do not drink the water…”
Right before Lily could drink, Gabriel knocked the cup out of her fingers, and sent it hurtling into the corner with a clatter and splash.
“Don’t,” he said. He gasped, and clutched his stomach with a trembling hand.
“Gabriel, are you okay?” Clarence’s dark eyes widened with concern.
The radio droned on, a foreboding sound.
“You drank it, didn’t you?” Lily put a hand on Gabriel’s shoulder.
He could only nod. He coughed, fell to his hands and knees, and vomited a swirl of red-stained bile.
Clarence raced to the door. “I’ll get help.”
Sweat shone upon Gabriel’s skin, as he shuddered and groaned. Rivulets of blood dripped from his mouth and nose.
Soon, Daddy and Captain Rutherford arrived, and carried him to his bunk.
Delia poured the tainted water outside. Luckily, no one else drank it.
Within hours, the news traveled around the world. Water now brought death, and chaos erupted. The reserve tanks and cisterns were the only safe sources in Weathermann’s Stand. The desperate, thirsty populace pressed daily. Riots broke out.
The militia opened fire to restore order. Many were wounded, and a few were killed. Hatred flared. Anyone in uniform was harassed, no matter where they went.
Worst of all were the constant cries of grief and pain from those who’d ingested the water, and those mourning the dead.
Lily hummed herself to sleep, while covering her ears.
Gabriel’s screams and moans were unbearable. On the third day of his suffering, they heard the loud clap of a gunshot.
Everyone ran to the room that Gabriel and the captain shared.
Captain Rutherford stood in the doorway, pale and disturbed.
“He took my pistol, when my back was turned. He…don’t go in there, children.” His hands trembled as he pushed Lily and Clarence gently down the hall. “Go back to your room. We’ll take care of this.”
Daddy led them away, and did his best to explain what had happened.
They buried Gabriel quickly, to avoid him being taken in an undignified manner by the collector robots.
Lily wanted to cry, but couldn’t. The overwhelming demise made her feel hollow.
The Kaezer possessed safe water supplies, and seized control of all known pure sources. Their propaganda continued, with even more fervor. “We shall give you water, food, shelter, care for your ill and injured. Come to the arms of the great leader, and find peace.”
An exodus began, as anguished masses fled to the enemy. Stories circulated that the Kaezer had constructed huge fortresses, to better ration the water.
Salvation arrived one evening, with the chime of Delia’s wristcom.
Daddy was outside, erecting a condensation still. Water was cleansed after evaporation, but they gleaned barely enough to survive on.
Lily sat beside Clarence on his bunk, playing a game of cat’s cradle. It helped to pass time when they were bored.
When Delia answered her call, she covered a sob with one hand. “Ben, thank goodness it’s you. We have to get off-world. It isn’t safe here.”
“I don’t have long,” Ben said. “This is an illicit channel on Celestine. It’s the only way I could get through. But I have a shuttle arranged at last. Due to the water situation, everything up here is under strict quarantine. It will be highly dangerous. Do you still wish to do this?”
“Please.” Desperation tinged Delia’s voice.
Lily and Clarence stared.
“Has Mr. Fairpoole agreed to join us?” Ben asked.
“Yes. We can be ready anytime. The sooner, the better.”
Daddy entered the room, and Delia beckoned him to her side.
Ben introduced himself, and proceeded to give the exact location. About fifty miles northwest of the stronghold was an abandoned reconnaissance base. It had an airstrip, in an area deemed useless by the Kaezer. They’d meet after sunset, in a week’s time.
The call ended, after a mutual agreement.
For the rest of the evening, they discussed the best plan of action. Travel on foot would take two to three days. With the rationing, obtaining water for the journey would be their greatest challenge.
Getting out of Weathermann’s Stand was their next concern. They’d have to elude both the Kaezer, and the scavengers within the stronghold itself. Having Krept was an advantage, but since the robot would be carrying supplies, its combat abilities were limited.
“Let’s worry about getting the water first,” Delia said. “Leave the rest to me.”
Daddy bartered with Commissioner Marquardt the next morning. He managed to trade for a few gallons, but the commissioner wouldn’t give more.
They gathered a little extra from their condensation still, and it would have to be enough.
Three days prior, Delia announced her plan.
“We’ll leave by night, and declare ourselves as surrendering to the Kaezer. It pains me to desert the militia, and Captain Rutherford, but we have no choice. Ben can only take the four of us.”
Daddy took Lily and Clarence aside. “This won’t be easy, but I know you two are strong. Are you ready?”
They nodded, and Daddy hugged them.
Delia inspected Krept, and filled its tanks.
Pretending it was an ordinary night, they went to sleep at the normal time.
A few hours before dawn, Daddy woke them. “Let’s go,” he said.
Hastily, Lily secured her pack, and helped Clarence with his.
Daddy joined Delia in the yard, and bundled all of their supplies onto Krept.
They departed the barracks, and slipped onto the convoluted streets. The waning moon was their only light. It glinted silver, watching like a baleful, half-lidded eye. The only sounds were the drone of Krept’s engine, and the heavy plod of its steel and brass legs.
They approached the western gate.
“Halt.” Two guards blocked their path. A younger man that Lily didn’t recognize, and an older officer, who’d always been kind to her.
“We’re surrendering,” Daddy said. “Please, let us pass.”
The older man looked at Daddy. “You and Miss Swann are the last two I’d expect to give up,” he said, glancing at Lily and Clarence. “But I understand. This place isn’t safe. If I had children, I might do the same.” He stepped aside, and waved them through. “Good luck to you.”
“Thank you,” Daddy said.
Lily only looked back once. She wouldn’t miss the stronghold, but it had been her home for over a year. The speckled orange glow of thousands of campfires, and the pure white of stars in reflection, were her last glimpses of Weathermann’s Stand.




Chapter 10



Delia pointed upriver, toward the west. “We should stay close to the water. The Kaezer will be stationed far from it, due to the contamination. Ben sent me a map. About a mile out, the banks widen into a ravine. It’ll lead us straight to the base, but we’ll have to be watchful.”
They began the trek, as the horizon brightened from rose to blood in the east. Morning light fragmented across the river’s surface, blinding, yet hypnotic.
They traveled until sundown. The path became steeper, narrower, more rocky. In some areas, it was a sheer drop to the lethal water below. The river rushed noisily downhill beside them, snaking its way along the tall ridge.
They found a sheltering overhang at the top, and camped for the night.
The following day, they trudged across a sparse, stony flat.
As evening lengthened the shadows, they heard the sound of high-pitched turbines.
“Take cover, quickly,” Delia shouted. She dashed toward a copse of trees, pulling Lily and Clarence by the hands. Daddy and Krept followed.
An ominous shadow drifted along the ground, and they saw the gleam of brass against dull gray steel. The red and black of the Kaezer’s symbol was bold on the side of the rotorcraft. It flew toward the north, at an altitude low enough to spot them.
Lily sighed in relief as it disappeared into the distance. Nevertheless, it was a reminder that the enemy was near. They waited a while, to be sure it was gone.
On the third day, they woke at dawn.
It was chilly, and Lily pulled her scarf and coat tight.
Their route turned to the north. As the sun climbed high to noon, they spotted the first lookout tower.
“It’s just ahead, on the rise,” Daddy said, scanning the horizon through his binoculars.
Delia surveyed the map through her display visor. “That’s it. We’re almost there.”
Delia’s pace quickened as they drew closer. She watched the sky, her gray eyes hopeful.
They finally reached the perimeter, and found an open spot in the rusty, forgotten wire. Then they picked their way across a field littered with debris and broken machinery.
Not far in, they found a dilapidated storage bunker, and sheltered inside. Delia and Daddy unpacked the supplies from Krept, and sent it to survey the area.
The robot returned about fifteen minutes later, and Delia switched off the engine. She connected her display to its access panel, and spoke her commands.
“According to Krept, the base is empty,” she said. “No sign of activity, human or mechanical.”
“The children should stay here,” said Daddy. “And one of us can go to the airstrip at sunset.”
“Agreed. I’ll take the watch,” Delia said. “You stay with Lily and Clarence. Should trouble arise, I’ll return promptly.”
They refreshed themselves with their scant water and dried rations, and waited. At sunset, Delia took Krept to the airstrip. The shuttle was due to arrive anytime.
Lily was anxious. She could only imagine the colonies. According to Delia, Celestine was a cylindrical habitat, with five hundred square miles of living space in a rotating enclosure. Supposedly, it resembled a pristine, ideal version of Earth.
Clarence sat beside her. “It’ll be fun to go into space,” he said. He touched the shiny golden ring, dangling on a cord around Lily’s neck. “I miss Mama, and all of our family.”
“Wearing this makes me feel like she’s near,” Lily said, hugging him.
They heard approaching engines.
The airstrip was a fair distance from the bunker. They couldn’t see far in the fading dusk, but they glimpsed the lights, and heard the rush of the propellers. The landing gear screeched against cement.
Daddy put his arms around their shoulders. “We’re finally going to our new home,” he said.
They readied their packs, and waited for Delia to return.
She arrived with Krept, and a dashing young man close beside her.
Lily recognized him as Ben Keene. Dark blonde hair waved around his clean-shaven, statuesque features, calling to mind heroes from the pages of history. Grace appeared natural in his lithe, refined stride. He wore plain work clothing, and tall polished boots, and he surveyed them with compassionate brown eyes.
“It’s wonderful to meet all of you at last,” he said. “But we don’t have much time. Come, we’ll discuss more aboard.”
They walked to the airstrip, watching their scanners for any sign of trouble.
Lily stopped, awestruck, when she beheld the shuttle. It was her first time seeing such a vessel up close.
Ben smiled. “Pretty, isn’t it?”
The cylindrical fuselage was plated in bright chrome, a hundred feet of streamlined splendor, with the wings spread in a pleasing arc beneath. Retractable propellers for terrestrial flight were mounted along the extremities and the nose. Four finned engine cowlings edged the tail, humming and glowing through the chilly night air.
They climbed the boarding ramp. Once inside, Ben showed them to their seats, and demonstrated how to fasten the safety restraints.
Delia secured Krept into the cargo bay, then joined them in the cabin.
A man and woman entered through a door at the front, and introduced themselves as Mr. Magnus Peyton, and Mrs. Reider.
“It’s a pleasure to have you aboard,” said Mr. Peyton. “We’re launching immediately. Please remain seated, until we’re clear.”
The pilots returned to the cockpit, and the long boarding ramp raised, closing seamlessly. Pressurizing air hissed alongside the rising wail of the engines.
Clarence swatted at something in front of his face.
It darted away, a glowing speck about the size of a horsefly.
Lily reached out and caught it, and felt it buzzing inside her hands.
“What’s that?” Daddy asked.
“A firefly, looks like,” she said, peeking through her fingers.
“There are no fireflies this time of year. Let me see it.”
She opened her palm. What had appeared to be an insect hovered before them, its short, swift movements too precise for any natural creature.
“Damn it.” Daddy rarely swore. He shouted to Ben and Delia. “There’s a surveillance robot in here. One of the Kaezer’s spies.”
“What?” Delia’s voice held a small shriek. “Where is it?”
“There,” Ben said, pointing. “Wonderful. We’re soon to have company.” He called the cockpit. “I have bad news, Magnus. The enemy knows we’re here. Prepare to engage.”
“Roger. We’ve already picked them up on radar. Hold tight back there.”
There was an abrupt, dizzying tilt, as the shuttle rolled off course.
“We’re surrounded,” Mr. Petyon’s voice sputtered. “Three transport zeppelins, and a barricade of rotorcraft. I’ve never seen so many drifters.”
The deafening bellow of the rockets shook Lily’s bones. She covered her ears.
They were hit, with violent force. The entire craft lurched. It threw her against the restraint, knocking her breath out.
Ben yelled over the noise. “Can you find an evasive route?”
“Negative, sir. We’re hit. The left engine’s offline. Prepare for emergency landing.”
Another dizzying jolt, and Lily’s gut jumped into her throat. The tickling, helpless sensation of free fall ensued, and then came the crash. Metal skidded and screamed, as loud as she did. The lights flickered, and all fell into darkness. Only the drumbeat of her heart indicated that she lived. The hot smell of damaged wiring and smoldered steel filled the cabin.
Ben flashed his emergency light on. He threw the latch to the exit, and released the ramp. “Let’s go,” he said. “The Kaezer will be here any minute.”
Delia pounded at the entrance to the cockpit. There was no answer from the pilots.
Daddy helped Lily out of her restraints, and then stooped to assist Clarence.
“There’s blood all over,” Lily said, her fear prickling. “Look at his head.”
Daddy unfastened the buckles, and picked Clarence up with a sob.
Her brother was limp, his head and limbs drooping.
Ben kicked the cockpit door until it swung open. He went inside, and emerged a few seconds later, his face lined in dismay. “They’re both dead.”
Daddy hugged Clarence in shaking arms. “Not my son, too…”
“I’m a medic, Mr. Fairpoole,” Ben said, his expression sympathetic. “I’ll do what I can for him, once we’re to safety. But, there’s a chance that one of us can still complete the mission.” He looked at Delia.
A tendril of brown hair fell into her impetuous eyes, and she brushed it away. “You can’t be suggesting what I think,” she said.
“I am,” Ben said. “You can pilot the emergency rocket better than any of us. I’ll have the rendezvous pick you up, once you’re in orbit.”
She rushed to Ben, and threw her arms around him. “No. I can’t be apart from you again.”
“It’s our last hope,” he said. “With your family name, you can reach the ones in power, and succeed where I couldn’t. They’ll listen to you, even if your father won’t. Seek out Richard Blane. He’s undecided, and will bring many more with him, if he chooses to join us.”
Delia nodded, still clutching Ben’s coat. “All right. I’ll do it.”
They locked eyes for several anguished seconds, and then he kissed her.
“Go, quickly,” he said, his voice quavering. “Before the enemy arrives.”
She kissed Ben one last time. “I’ll come back for all of you,” she said, as she ducked through a sliding portal. Metal rungs led up the side of a round shaft within. She climbed up, and out of sight.
Ben urged them toward the cabin door.
Lily paused. “What about Krept?”
“Oh, yes,” Ben said. “I almost forgot about that crazy death machine of hers.”
Krept was still in the cargo bay, active and undamaged.
They unfastened the restraints securing its legs.
“Krept 1A, follow.” The robot recognized Lily’s command as a registered programmer, and obeyed.
They joined Daddy and Clarence outside, and hurried away from the wreckage, into a cluster of nearby trees.




Chapter 11



Their last sight of Delia was the escape vehicle hurtling towards the stars. The fiery engines grew smaller, the higher it went.
Ben whispered. “Farewell again, my love.”
Daddy laid Clarence onto the ground.
Ben knelt beside them, solemn, but he was thorough in his examination. “He was struck in the head, when we landed. His breathing is shallow, but his pulse is regular.”
Lily peeked through the foliage, watching the crash site. She heard the enemy’s approach, well before she saw them. The hum of thrust rotors preceded the transports, the drifter robots whining alongside.
“This isn’t good,” Ben said, as he inspected the swelling along Clarence’s skull. “He’s bleeding internally, and I don’t have the necessary equipment. I’m afraid I can’t do much more for him.”
Lily gulped. “Is my brother going to die?”
“If he doesn’t receive the proper treatment soon, it’s likely.”
Daddy slumped to the ground. “There has to be something we can do.”
“There’s an option,” Ben said with hesitation. “But I loathe to even mention it.”
“Tell me.” Daddy looked desperate in the moonlight.
“Surrender to the Pruessians. Their medical knowledge is superior to ours, like their robotics.”
“How can you even consider such a thing?” Daddy sounded angry. “They’ll kill us on sight.”
Ben sighed. “Not necessarily. The Kaezer prefers taking prisoners, when he can. His ultimate goal is to convert his enemies, and create a new society. It’s merely a suggestion. You may decide, Mr. Fairpoole. I’ll abide with whatever choice you make, seeing as my fate has been thrown in with yours.”
“I don’t have the strength to make this decision, Sunshine,” Daddy said. “You know what will happen, if we turn ourselves in. They’ll take you away from me, and there’s no guarantee that they’ll save him. I’ll leave this up to you. I trust your judgment, more than anyone else’s.”
Lily could scarcely breathe. The Pruessians were the murderers of her family, and the destroyers of her home. The alternative would be that they flee, and search for the resistance. Finding someone to treat Clarence might be impossible, if they took that route. She looked at her brother's still, pallid face, and knew what to do.
“Let’s take him to the Kaezer,” she said.
Daddy nodded, and grasped Clarence’s hand.
“It’s settled,” said Ben. “Krept should follow behind us, to appear passive.”
Lily agreed.
I have one last call to make,” Ben said. He spoke a name to his wristcom. It chimed pleasantly, and the holographic display flared blue and silver above his wrist. A man’s face appeared, stern, with a finely curled mustache.
“Mr. Keene, we’re on schedule to retrieve you,” the man said. “How goes the flight so far?”
“We were shot down mid-launch. Magnus and Mrs. Reider have been killed in action. The Kaezer is far more efficient now, in his surveillance. Be cautious in any approach.”
The man shook his head. “I’m sorry to hear this.”
“Indeed. It’s a great loss. However, the mission still stands. Miss Swann launched the emergency rocket, and needs to be retrieved as soon as possible. The vehicle can sustain her in orbit for about twelve hours. Please, find her, and take her to the Vestal Coil.”
“Affirmative, Mr. Keene. But what about you, and the others you’re bringing up?”
“We’re taking our chances with the Kaezer, for the sake of a young boy’s life.”
The man on hologram saluted. “This is dire news, but I commend your courage. We’ll find a way to rescue all of you. Keep the faith, my friends.”
Ben disconnected, and looked as if his heart had shattered. He smiled weakly at Daddy and Lily.
Daddy picked Clarence up, and turned toward the clearing. “Here we go,” he said.
They walked across the barren ground, toward the enemy.
The robots spotted them first. It was a fleet of drifters, their disc-shaped bodies mounted on multi-rotor frames. Compact weapon turrets were attached to their burnished copper hulls.
“Kneel, and raise your hands to the sky, if you can,” said Ben, winking at Daddy. He threw his arms up, and approached the drifters, shouting. “Ergivelset sidach.”
The robots stopped, and swiveled their lights forward.
It was blinding. Lily winced, and looked away.
Ben knelt, and put his hands behind his head, a submissive silhouette, placing himself in the line of fire.
Lily prepared for any sign of attack. But the robots remained observant, and held their ground.
The sound of many boots followed. At least thirty troopers arrived, with their customary black uniforms, harsh voices, and brandished weapons.
She remembered the night she’d used Test to defend. It had been so thorough. She could unleash the full capability of Krept 1A, the ideal of the model, at any moment. These troopers wouldn’t stand a chance, and the drifters would just be a nuisance.
Soon, there were armed opponents, men and machines, in every direction. Yet none made an aggressive approach.
Ben was right. The Kaezer did value captives more than corpses. It was surprising, as she’d assumed the enemy had no mercy, after Harmony Valley was bombed to ashes.
An officer stepped forth, a barrel-chested giant of a man. He grabbed Ben by the collar, and yanked him to his feet.
Ben remained steady, never flinching.
“Il varfuer?” The Pruessian officer intoned an obvious question. His eyes held no kindness, and his men held their rifles ready.
“Freidmir,” Ben said.
Lily knew the word. It was part of a passcode she’d used before, to access an assimilated walker. It meant two things--peace, and freedom. The Pruessian language didn’t distinguish between the two concepts.
All of the troopers laughed at Ben’s answer.
The big officer threw back his head and guffawed. He wiped a tear from the corner of his eye, then shoved Ben to the ground. Waving a hand at his men, he trudged away.
The troopers seized Lily and Ben, and slapped steel restraints onto their wrists.
Daddy looked at Ben. “Tell them he needs help.”
Ben translated.
One of the troopers took Clarence’s hand, lifted his arm, then dropped it. He turned to his comrades, and said something long and guttural.
Another yelled toward the wreckage of the shuttle. Minutes later, two men arrived with a stretcher.
Daddy shuddered as he offered Clarence to the enemy, and wept openly as they carried him away.
The troopers clamped the restraints across Daddy’s arms last.
Not long after, they rode in the hold of a rotorcraft.
Lily regretted making this decision, and giving their freedom away. She’d sold them to the killers of innocent millions, in exchange for an uncertain hope of saving someone she loved. Heavy sorrow fell upon her. She felt old at that moment, as if she already shouldered the burdens of a lifetime.
A song rose from the weary depths of her mind. It was the one she’d never finished writing, yet couldn’t stop singing. The final verse came to her, in a flood of inspiration and despair. She felt tears on her face, but kept her head high, and sang until she was breathless.
Daddy and Ben listened, awestruck.
“Black sky burnin,’I can’t see,
“Seems those clouds gonna rain on me,
“Not afraid of the cold, dark night,
“Always gonna find that light,
“Perfect world today, I can’t stop smilin’…”
“That was beautiful,” Ben said. “Your voice lifted me to a different place just now. I can’t describe it. You have a rare gift, Lily. You should sing often.”
She gave him a sidelong glance. “I do. And, thank you.”
“What Delia says is true. You’re an extraordinary girl.”
“That’s my Sunshine,” Daddy said. His smile was a thin veneer for the fear and sadness in his eyes.
“The Kaezer will separate us,” said Ben. “And subject us to his conditioning. I want you both to know what I represent, as I didn’t get the chance to tell you on the shuttle.”
“There’s one thing I want to know first,” Lily said. “How did you learn to speak Pruessian?”
Ben grinned. “Funny you should ask, as it’s part of what I’m about to tell you. My birth parents were Pruessian, and I spent the first seven years of my life in the homeland. My given name was Venyamin Schnegiryov. Some people treat me differently, when they find out I’m descended of the enemy, though I’ve encountered this prejudice more among the powerful space families than here on the surface. The truth is, I’m neither for nor against my people. In no way do I condone the atrocities that Hir Wilhauf Kaezer has committed. Yet, I can’t deny that in the deepest core of my being, I support my country, and the proud culture that was nearly stripped from me by forced assimilation, in much the same way the Kaezer treats young people.”
“I never would’ve thought you were Pruessian,” Daddy said. “You don’t act like them at all. There’s a resemblance in looks, maybe. But you seem a fine man in every other way, Mr. Keene.”
“Thank you. And in all due respect, I’m honored to have met you. Delia praises you and your children much, and she isn’t one to speak highly without due, as I’m sure you know.”
Daddy chuckled. “I know all too well.”
“My Delia,” Ben said. “I hope to see her again. But, I digress, and our tenure together grows short. What you both should know is that my ultimate goal is to end the War. Pruessia has suffered under two generations of dictators. And now, the entire world wears the chains.
“When I was seven years old, I was adopted by the Keenes, one of the most influential families on Celestine. My birth parents were assassinated. It’s a long story, and one too painful for me to recount. Suffice it to say, I adjusted to the elite world above us as best I could. I was never fully accepted among them. There are always limits, for a person such as myself, among the rigid old bloodlines that rule the colonies.
“On Celestine, where I spent much of my adolescent years, there’s an attitude that Earth is merely a source of novelty. This attitude is quite prevalent among other habitats, as well. The colonies can exist entirely on their own. The only thing we need to replenish on a regular basis is water. Which, as you know, is quite a controversial issue. Aside from this, we can produce our own commodities, and sustain ourselves indefinitely. The problem is, that it’s a bland existence, without the variety of goods from the homeworld.
“I work with an independent faction, formed mostly of free-thinkers and revolutionaries, the kind of people that are viewed with disdain by more conservative types, such as Mr. Swann. Delia’s father. If that man had the chance, I’m sure he’d love to launch me straight off into space with no return. He disapproves of my political views, as well as my heritage, and removed Delia from her inheritance when she announced our engagement three years ago. What I oppose most are the bigots, like my future father-in-law.
“The organization I work with calls itself the Fist of Heaven, in reference to the single fist emblem of the true Pruessian flag. We have operatives in place, both above and below, and we seek freedom, for all of the worlds. Now that Delia has returned home, she’ll continue our fight. If she can sway Richard Blane to the cause, we stand a chance.
“Unfortunately, we must persuade those who are resistant, like Mr. Swann, that it requires the overthrow of the Kaezer to end the War. Many colonies believe making peace with the Pruessian Empire would be the more profitable course of action. It’s a daunting task, but we work constantly toward it.”
The rotorcraft dipped, the engines rising to a more rapid hum.
“We’re descending,” Daddy said. “Looks like they’re bringing us home.”
Ben smirked. “How quaintly you put it.” His eyes narrowed, and he leaned closer. “I trust both of you, and I want you to know my plan. When we're brought before the wardens, tell them your profession. Robotic technicians are highly sought after in the ration camps. As are medics, in my case. We stand a chance of being treated more fairly, if we're put to work in the most valued areas. I'll do my best to find out what happens to your son, and I'll do all I can to save him. We won't be able to communicate or meet directly, but I'll find a way to reach you. Watch for the symbol of the fist and star. You'll know that it's a message from me, or my allies.”




Chapter 12



They rode in silence the rest of the way.
Lily huddled against Daddy, wishing she could remove the restraint and hug him. She laid her head on his shoulder instead, and fell into troubled sleep.
Hours later, they landed with a shift and thud against the hard ground. The door opened, ramp extended, and early morning light beamed in.
A voice shouted, in their language. “Come out, please.”
Daddy chuckled. “They’re so polite.”
“Most Pruessians remember their manners.“ Ben grinned. “Even if we're about to kill you, we’ll thank you for serving your purpose first. Until we meet again, friends.” He walked calmly down the ramp, and allowed the troopers and robots to lead him away.
It was Lily’s first look at a driver robot. Many children feared the drivers. Stories described them as being terrible machines which forced families to separate. She always pictured them with glaring optical panes, and threatening weaponry on all sides. In reality, they resembled a common custodian model. Her fear was replaced with curiosity, and she wondered how many deterrents and devices were built into their round copper frames.
Daddy bumped her with his elbow, and broke her reverie. “Make sure they notice that you control Krept. What Ben told us, about technicians being valued, gave me an idea. We might be able to bend the rules some. Are you ready to do this?”
She took a deep breath. “Ready.”
Daddy descended the ramp first.
They patted him down, and confiscated his pistol and knife. Then they shoved him, indicating the direction they wanted him to go.
He winked as they led him around the corner of a nearby building, and out of sight.
Lily paused at the bottom, remembering what Daddy had said.
“Krept 1A, come,” she said, as boldly as she could.
The shiny robot scurried out to meet her.
The troopers raised their rifles, taken aback.
One of them approached slowly. “This is your machine?” he asked.
“Yes, sir. This is Krept, the prototype of its model.”
The trooper’s eyes widened. “You are of skill with robots?”
She nodded. “I’m a technician, apprenticed to my father. I’m familiar with basic programming, too.”
“You are so young to have these abilities.” He spoke with one of his comrades. After a brief exchange, he beckoned. “Follow, please. Bring the robot.”
She stared at the drivers as they passed, fascinated by Pruessian robotics.
So, this was one of the dreaded ration camps. She couldn’t see beyond the long rows of austere buildings, but she imagined that the walls were high, the barbed fences sharp, all defenses impeccable.
The troopers weren’t uncivil. Regardless, she was angry, and repulsed by them. The enemy was responsible for so much death. Mama, Nana, her sisters. Plumgrove. Clarence’s life was in danger, too, because the Kaezer shot them down.
Though she was young, she knew the bitter contrast of irony. She clenched her fists, until her nails pierced skin, raging that she’d sacrificed so much to the people she hated most.
They emerged from the clustered buildings, into a large open area. The camp sprawled across gently rolling hills, as far as she could see. It had once been a small city, much larger than Plumgrove. Her confidence sank, as she realized escape would be difficult. But Delia had promised to rescue them, and it was a reason to keep faith.
A convoy of transport vehicles arrived, laden with crates and barrels, and parked before a large warehouse. A voice shouted over a loudspeaker, and a crowd of workers dressed in drab black coveralls hurried to unload. They handed the cargo to a line of utility robots, which carried it inside.
Rows of towers formed a domineering perimeter around the camp, communication terminals of advanced design. Delia once explained that the Kaezer coordinated his mechanical armies through an immense wireless network, constantly transmitting his commands. She assumed it was similar to radio, but knew little more.
She was tired and hungry, after such a long walk. Her strength was fading, and she wondered where the troopers were taking her.
They arrived at a large building, and she was told to wait outside.
She was left with two troopers and a trio of drivers on guard. Leaning against Krept’s leg, she closed her eyes. Sleep called to her like some forbidden, yet irresistible friend. She dozed for a few minutes, but it was achingly short-lived.
“Wake. Follow me, please. Tell the robot to wait.”
Startled, she forced herself alert. She trudged up the steps, and followed the trooper inside. A pair of heavy steel doors marked the entrance, with bold red letters painted across the front.
‘Mekanetri’.
She couldn’t read Pruessian, but the word’s meaning was soon apparent. It was the largest robotics station she’d ever seen. A long aisle stretched between at least twenty workbenches. The technicians wore the same plain black coveralls she’d seen on the workers outside. Only a bright red patch on the chest, the Kaezer’s symbol, gave color to the uniform.
A man to her left bent over a welding torch, his mask aglow in the glare. The distinct, sweet odors of hot metal and oil wafted.
To the right, a woman wearing a display visor spoke lines of Pruessian code in swift rhythm.
It was like a dream, an environment comforting in its familiarity. She didn’t know the ways of the enemy, but she knew robots. She suddenly wanted to work here, and learn all she could.
Three officers wandered up and down the rows, observing with stern expressions.
Lily’s escort hailed one of them, and saluted. He pointed at her, speaking in Pruessian.
The thin officer straightened, regarding her coldly as he approached. A widow’s peak pointed between his stony blue eyes, toward his arrowed nose and jaw. His brush mustache concealed his upper lip, while the lower jutted in a haughty pout.
“What is your name?” he asked.
“Lily Fairpoole.”
“And how old are you?”
“Eleven,” she said, looking at the floor. “And a half.”
“You are a technician?” His accent lilted, a different dialect of Pruessian.
“Yes, sir.”
“I do not believe it. But we need anyone with skill. Follow, please.”
One of the drivers removed her restraint, and she rubbed her wrists.
They led her to a nearby workbench. A utility robot lay disassembled upon it, wires and copper circuitry jumbled about.
The technician saluted. “Seigh til Hir Kaezer!”
“At ease.” The officer waved him aside, and turned to Lily. “Come here, little girl.”
She obeyed.
“Tell her what the job is here,” the officer said.
The technician wiped the sweat from his face with a handkerchief, looking at her with obvious skepticism. He was one of her own countrymen, yet he treated her with disdain. “The anterior servo-mechanism overheated, sir. I’ve got the part. This is a standard installation.”
The officer grinned. “A basic task, indeed. Finish it for him.”
The technician snickered, but she wasn’t deterred.
She asked for a pair of goggles, gloves, and the necessary tools, all of which were given promptly. Then she put the gear on, and set to work. Installing a servo was as routine as changing fluids, but they didn’t think her capable. She’d prove them wrong.
Though she was fatigued, stomach grumbling, thirsty beneath the hot lights, she focused. This wouldn’t take long. She climbed onto the workbench, and knelt beside the assembly.
The officer eyed his pocket watch as she stripped and trimmed the ends of the damaged wiring, and tightened all of the connectors.
She aligned and secured the part to the frame, feeling the incredulous stares around her. Trusting her skill, she knew she was as qualified as others in this room.
It was done in fifteen minutes. She fastened the last brass bolt with a dexterous twist of her wrench, then lifted her head. Once her goggles were off, she noticed a crowd of stunned faces. Several technicians and troopers had gathered to watch.
“Activate it,” the officer said.
She switched it on, and stepped back, allowing the system to restart.
Soon after, the robot sat up, looking about with inquisitive beeps.
The technician ordered it to stand, and perform basic movements of the upper torso. It responded smoothly, with no malfunction.
The officer looked amused. “So, you speak the truth. And your father is also in our care?”
“Yes, sir.”
“I am also told there is a robot with you. Show it to me.”
They went outside, into the cool autumn air. Krept was surrounded by a curious crowd of troopers and laborers. All stared and pointed, whispering among themselves.
Pale sunlight gleamed along the brass and copper fixtures.
The officer froze, and his jaw dropped. “Where did you get this machine?”
Lily shrugged. “I worked with its designer for a couple of years.”
“I have long wished to study this enemy model, but we always failed to capture one. Now, you bring it to my doorstep.” He smiled at her. “I am Hir Teobold Zilejager. I oversee all robotics in this camp. You will come to work for me, first thing tomorrow. Do you understand?”
“Yes, sir.”
Hir Zilejager ordered her to bring Krept to a maintenance area at the back of the station. She hated leaving it here, but she had no choice.
The troopers led her away, with no restraints. She wouldn’t have struggled, anyway, as she was too exhausted to care.
They passed through the maze of crowded lanes and back alleys, to a facility much bigger than the robotics station. There were few windows or doors. It looked like a jailhouse, or an orphanage. She soon discovered it was both.
The troopers led her into a foyer, with two rickety chairs beside the door. Floral perfume and dust hung in the air. A middle-aged woman scowled over a large desk, stacks of folders and various display panels scattered around her. Her blue eyes fixated upon Lily. She stood, accidentally knocking over a jumbled heap of folders and pens. Coughing, she picked them up, and tossed them back onto the disorderly pile.
“Kindrenet ar tunnshye,” she said.
The trooper saluted. “Yie. Fach dyet navushke il mekaner.”
Lily knew that 'mekaner' meant robots in Pruessian, and she assumed that they talked about her assignment tomorrow.
The woman covered a yawn, with a hand bedecked in gaudy rings. She dismissed the troopers with a wave. Once they’d left, she paced a slow circle around Lily. The sound of her tall heeled boots echoed through the room. Tanned skin contrasted with her pale blond hair, which she wore in a tight bun. The sleeves of her black uniform coat were rolled above the elbows. She looked strong, and practical, and she walked with assured poise.
“I am Fru Ilse Haeveka. And you will do as I say, from this day forth.”
“Yes, ma’am.”
A routine enrollment followed. Fru Haeveka and two driver robots led her down several corridors, to a small, ominous room. They were met by a female trooper, wearing a long black apron over her uniform. A table and a metal stool were the only furnishings, with a single ceiling light casting shadows upon the floor boards.
Lily wanted a nap more than the bland lunch they served her, but she ate it all. At least the water was refreshing.
The trooper took her dishes away, and returned with a set of shaving knives. Her voice was brusque and demanding. “Take off your clothes.”
Lily folded her arms around herself. “All of them?”
Fru Haeveka nodded once. “Do it, now.”
She obeyed, trying not to cringe.
She was examined, prodded for every possible illness or deformity. Fru Haeveka asked far too many personal questions, and recorded the answers into the Kaezer’s database. Within half an hour, the enemy knew more about her than her family did.
She endured the degrading scrape of a razor across her scalp, her throat tightening as the black braids fell around her feet. Tears pooled, but she blinked them away, and reminded herself it was for Clarence. All of this was worth his chance to live.
The afternoon was long and humiliating. There were more inspections, both physical and mental.
At sundown, she was given a meal that vaguely resembled chicken, mixed with dubious vegetables, and bread soaked in too much butter. It wasn’t tasty, but it was hot and filling.
The drivers took her to a room that was barely the size of a closet. A cot waited, with only a single pillow and two scant blankets. It was enough. Sleep was all that mattered, and she sank into its depths.




Chapter 13



She woke as the door creaked open, and stretched. Her eyes adjusted to light, and the aroma of food struck her.
Two domestic robots entered, presenting a bowl of something that looked like grits, with an apple sliced at the side. She was famished, and devoured it quickly.
Fru Haeveka arrived soon after, accompanied by two drivers.
“Lily Fairpoole. Follow me, please.”
They led her through several hallways and doors, to another sparsely furnished room. She removed her clothing again, and they gave her a towel, which she wrapped around herself. In the next room, she joined a line of several other girls about her age. All were as bald and unclothed as she was. Some stared at her, but most kept their dejected eyes to the floor.
They were herded into a communal washroom. Each received a handful of powdered soap, and a rag to scrub with.
It was an awkward luxury, her first hot bath since she lived in Plumgrove. Rarely was this much water devoted to bathing. The enemy obviously controlled all safe sources. She wondered how many people had surrendered to gain access to this precious resource.
The black coveralls provided were ugly, though they fitted well. A matching cap helped conceal her shaved head. The other girls wore a standard youth uniform, but Lily had a specialized role, as a technician.
No one spoke to her. A few ogled her with contempt. They left the dormitory single file, escorted by troopers and robots, and merged with a throng of boys and girls alike. Everyone pressed through the doors of a large, round building.
Inside was an immense room, lit by the slant of early sun through high, thin windows. Stadium seating surrounded an extensive open floor at the center. An array of screens hung from the ceiling, facing all sides, with a podium of polished black stone below. The Kaezer’s emblem was displayed everywhere, the fist, sword, and gear wheel glaring red upon a lackluster black background. War and mechanical prowess were the enemy’s strengths.
She claimed a seat among the rows, astounded at how many kids were present. Hundreds, perhaps more than a thousand. All were captives, divided from their families, like herself.
A line of troopers and robots paraded in, assuming a rigid formation around the main floor. Music bellowed over the loudspeaker, a rousing swell of trumpets and snare drums.
The screens flashed on, and the face of Wilhauf Kaezer appeared. He was younger than she’d imagined, with blonde hair pulled into an immaculate topknot, his eyes and smile radiant. He waved to the camera, and a deafening cheer surged.
Everyone raised their right arms, and shouted in unison.
“Seigh til Hir Kaezer.”
The murderer of her family was right there, grinning and arrogant before her. She could scarcely move or breathe.
A girl nearby poked her sharply. “Are you daft? Stand up and salute. If you don’t, they’ll make you sorry.”
She stood, and did her best to mimic. Observe, and conform, she told herself, though she wanted to cry.
Then, the lines formed. Everyone marched in a spiral pattern, and sang anthems of praise. She tried not to trip, or step on people’s feet, but she didn’t know the routine yet. Her ignorance earned many frowns and shoves.
The drill lasted until noon. Afterward, the assembly flocked into a lengthy mess hall, set with rows of cramped steel tables. Domestic robots served soup and bread out of enormous kettles.
She ate in silence, and kept her head down. The others weren’t friendly, and she had little desire to socialize, anyway.
Two drivers came to fetch her, much to her relief, and ushered her to the robotics station for her shift.
Hir Zilejager met her at the door with a reserved demeanor. He held a stack of data tablets under one arm, his long black coat buttoned tightly to the collar. His dark hair and mustache were oiled to gleaming perfection.
She saluted, as was required when greeting a superior.
“Welcome, Nevyet,” he said, with the hint of a smile. “We have much to do today. Come with me, please.”
They walked to the maintenance area where Krept was interred. When they turned the corner, she saw Daddy. Her first instinct was to run and hug him, but she decided to behave.
He wore the black coveralls and cap standard to all working adults in the camp, with his sleeves rolled above rugged utility gloves. His sturdy leather boots were laced to the calf. He turned to Hir Zilejager, and gave the mandatory salute. With his head and beard shaven, he looked sullen.
The Kaezer’s regimen consisted of separating parents from children, but Daddy gave her the slightest wink. She knew the mischief he hid behind that gesture. It was always his signal that something was afoot, usually a secret. The idea he’d mentioned earlier must be in play, granting them the chance to work together.
“You and your father are here to reveal for us the workings of this robot,” Hir Zilejager said. “We require you to be focused on this task. You will only discuss work-related subjects and requests, and you will provide a preliminary schematic to my translator by no later than sundown.”
They had their own shop here, with every tool they needed, for any phase of construction or repair. The task was simple, but the manual labor wasn’t. They had to provide the enemy with the secrets of Delia’s infamous robot, and it required dismantling Krept to the frame.
The Pruessians watched for a while. As the hours wore on, Hir Zilejager and his subordinates congregated in another room, adjoining the station. Laughter and patriotic singing soon roared out. It sounded like they were having a good time.
Only a pair of drivers stood guard, watching and listening.
“Hand me those cutters, and listen to how I’m talking to you Sunshine,” Daddy said.
She gave him a puzzled look.
He winked, signifying another secret. “The cutters, please, say what you need to after the working words and say it all at once like this.”
Daddy explained his method, in the same odd manner. The drivers couldn’t translate fast enough. Starting with a work-related phrase wouldn’t trigger suspicion. Also, if they spoke in quick, long sentences, blending the words, they could confuse the robots. It was perfect for a moment like this.
The Pruessians soon returned, to check on their progress.
Lily and Daddy stopped their hidden conversation, as they couldn’t fool humans.
Nevertheless, she laughed to herself. It was thrilling to deceive the enemy.
The translator arrived for their report, as the clock above the door buzzed the end of the shift. He was very young, with pale skin, and a natural blush to his cheeks. The black uniform overcoat hung loosely about his shoulders, with the arched brim of his hat pulled low over precise brown eyes.
He spoke their language fluently, but with a flourish. “I’m Hir Jerik Weingert, the assisting officer to this project. I’m also the translator for Hir Zilejager.” He looked over the schematic Lily gave him. “I see that you and your father are an efficient team. You may retire to your assigned lodging. We’ll send for you tomorrow afternoon.”
She said goodnight to Daddy, and presented the proper salute to Hir Weingert. They’re just words, and empty actions, she told herself, and hoped she could act the role of a devoted Kaezer youth.




Chapter 14



The first week passed quickly.
She was assigned a third tier bunk, on the dorm floor occupied by girls aged ten to seventeen. Every morning was the same routine. She was up at dawn. Then, it was wash, dress, breakfast, drill, Pruessian language and cultural studies, exercise, and lunch. Her shift at the robotics station began right after, and ended past nightfall.
All children in the Kaezer’s custody knew what was expected. She had to love the great leader, and learn to be a citizen in his new society. There were ranks to achieve within the education system. As a new recruit, Lily was Nevyet, the Pruessian word for newcomer. Her instructors reinforced the low rank with constant pressure and scorn.
The other girls harassed her just as often. One of them pushed her on the recreation yard, during an afternoon of scheduled exercise.
“You think you’re better than us, because you work as a technician.” The older girl’s voice was derisive. “Better learn your place, runt.”
Lily’s temper flared. She hated bullies, and Daddy had always taught her to defend herself. She scrambled to her feet, and shoved back. “Better learn some manners, brat.”
A collective gasp from the onlookers only fueled the conflict.
The girl swung a fist, and hit Lily in the face.
Lily reeled a moment, but her anger numbed the pain. She rushed her assailant, and threw a punch into the girl’s stomach.
Whistles shrieked, and the field attendants broke up the fight. Four drivers arrived as well, to ensure the truce.
Lily and her rival were delivered to Fru Haeveka’s office. They sat side by side beneath the tall caretaker’s intimidating scrutiny. A domestic robot brought an ice pack for Lily’s swollen face.
The office was even messier than the desk in the foyer. Papers and books lay everywhere. Too many monitors and cabinets were crammed together, and the stale odor of cigarettes coated the paneled walls. Carefully framed and centered, a portrait of Hir Kaezer flaunted its precise, famous grin above the clutter.
Fru Haeveka glowered. “Why do you fight when you know it is against the rules, Sprestok Larson?”
The other girl shrugged. “Don’t know.” She refused to meet eyes with the caretaker.
Fru Haeveka sighed. “This is two counts against you within three months. You will behave accordingly, or you will face the council. Which do you prefer?”
The choice was obvious. No one wanted to be brought to the attention of the council, the ruling power in the camp.
Fru Haeveka dismissed Sprestok Larson, with a warning and a mediocre punishment.
Then she turned to Lily. “Fighting. I had expected better from you, Nevyet Fairpoole. You are highly spoken of by many.”
Lily met the caretaker’s shrewd gaze. “I’m sorry, ma’am. I’ll contain my temper next time.”
“Hm. Very obedient.” Fru Haeveka’s smile was reserved. “But is this your true conviction? We shall see. One hundred push-ups, and one round. If you fight again, this goes up. I trust you will behave, now.”
“Yes, ma’am.”
Lily dreaded the mandatory boxing. She wasn’t good at it. With her wounded face, it would hurt even more. She was forced to endure a single disciplinary round, with another girl of similar build. She took a beating, but it was over quickly.
Aside from the rigorous classes she was forced to attend, the Kaezer encouraged participation in athletics.
The Pruessians were mad about boxing. Amateur bouts happened all around the camp. She witnessed them often, as she passed between the dorm and the robotics station. They were usually started by bored troopers seeking entertainment.
Most surprising were the robotic matches, which pitted humans against custom-built mechanical opponents. She wondered how someone could win against a robot, which was so much stronger and tougher.
Her shift at the robotics station lasted eight hours. She collapsed into her bunk every night, exhausted. There was no time to herself. It was all work. Aside from that, it was always the Kaezer’s propaganda. They bored it into her skull, burned it into her eyes, from every screen and wall.
The enemy possessed great technology, and an ordered society, but it was only the order that Hir Kaezer wanted. There was little innovation. Everything had to either advance the goals of the great leader, or show him praise. If it did neither of those, it was condemned, and quickly forgotten.
In the weeks that followed, she adapted as best she could, and tried not to draw any undue attention. In truth, she thought only of Clarence. Not knowing if he was dead or alive was torture. Perhaps, he’d recovered already, and was struggling to adapt to this new life. She allowed herself to picture it, and it gave her hope.
A month passed, and there was still no word from Ben.
She and Daddy spent an entire afternoon creating detailed charts for Hir Weingert. She was tired, but determined.
After a few hours, she stopped for a drink of water, and leaned against the workbench a moment.
A group of utility robots entered, delivering crates of supplies and parts.
She returned to work, and began to unpack and organize everything.
Hir Zilejager and the others were away, involved in a heated discussion in the side office. Only the drivers stood guard.
She removed a flat of oil canisters, and set it aside.
At the bottom of the crate was a small package, wrapped in brown paper. Scrawled across the front, in hasty drips of ink, was the unmistakable emblem of a fist and star. She hid it inside her sleeve. When she was able, she slipped it into a more secure spot, in the inner pocket of her coveralls.
Barely able to contain her excitement, she crossed the room to Daddy. She came up with a false statement about the job, to preamble her true words, as always.
“Those lines should run more to the left, we just got a message from our friends with the fist and star.”
Daddy’s eyes widened, and he looked around, to see who was near.
“I’ve got the supplies unpacked, I don’t know what it says yet and I’ll wait until it’s safe to tell you,” she said.
He pressed his lips to a firm line, and merely nodded.
After she retired to her bunk that night, she opened the package. She buried herself under blankets and pillows. Her heart pounded, knowing the item inside was a connection to everything she loved.
It was a wristcom, with the notification light blinking.
She turned it on, lowering the volume with a downward flick through the image.
Ben’s face appeared, and she wiped a tear away. She had to stay quiet. She burrowed deeper into her small cave of bedding, and hoped no one noticed her.
“This message must be brief,” Ben said. “Clarence is alive, and recovering. He’ll be able to join the other youth soon. In this, we have success, and I’m grateful for that. Delia has also arrived safely to the Vestal Coil. We wait for news from her. I’m sending you my wristcom, as it’s too difficult for me to keep it here at the infirmary. Hide it well. We have a few operatives in this camp, but the enemy is suspicious. I may not be able to reach you for some time. Don’t give up, and watch for our next message.”
She turned the wristcom off, and looked around the dorm.
Everyone was asleep, and the orderly was patrolling another floor at that moment.
She wondered where she could hide this incriminating device. It was a miracle that Ben had managed to keep it this long, let alone send it in a supply crate. Perhaps one of his operatives had dropped it there.
A crack in the wall plaster caught her eye. It ran along the corner. She picked at it, and a sizable piece fell off. The wooden slats underneath were revealed, with a convenient crack between them. She hollowed out an area with her fingers, then tucked the wristcom between the boards. When the fallen plaster was replaced, it looked much as it had before. Unless someone was lying on her bunk, and purposely poking around the walls, they’d never find it.
The next day, she waited until the robots stood guard alone. Then, she told Daddy the wonderful news about Clarence and Delia.
Daddy closed his eyes. An expression of profound relief drifted across his face. “Thank you,” he said.
The drivers beeped, surveying them.
“Thank you for finishing those lattice connectors,” he said, glaring at the meddlesome robots. Then, he winked at Lily. Their secret was still on.
They disassembled and documented Krept within a month, compiling a manual of its constitution. Once it was finished, they put the robot back together, and primed it for further research.
“I have spoken with the council,” Hir Zilejager said. “And they have approved our next project. I have petitioned that you both stay on, as your dedication and skill are suitable to my research.”
Lily was glad to hear it. As terrible as the camp was, she was with Daddy every day. She was grateful, as things could be worse.




Chapter 15



Winter cast its darkened chill over the buildings and towers. More time spent indoors meant that tempers often clashed. Competition was intense between the youth.
Lily kept to herself, and tried to avoid trouble.
Her cooperation earned her the next rank. No longer a lowly and shaven Nevyet, she was now Sprestok. The word meant sprouting, or undeveloped. It granted her more esteem with the Pruessians, but with the other kids, she still relied on her wits alone.
Every morning at the drill, she searched the hundreds of faces for any sign of Clarence. It seemed hopeless, but she couldn’t help herself.
Almost three months after their arrival, she found him.
They passed during one of the marches. He didn’t see her at first. His head was bowed, eyes shielded beneath the brim of his cap.
Desperate to get his attention, she sang louder, and with exaggerated passion. Several people looked at her, including Clarence.
He slowed his pace, and stumbled, only to be shoved back in line by the other kids.
They had one more circling, one more glance.
She blew him a kiss.
Always the sensitive one, Clarence’s lip quivered, and his tears spilled.
She wished she could wipe them away, and smash everything that kept her from her family. But she had to repress her own sadness, until she could cry alone at bedtime. No one cared, as long as she kept her feelings to herself.
It had been so long since Ben contacted them. The nagging voice of doubt often crept into her mind. What if there was no way out, and the enemy won? Would it be so bad to just conform, and surrender her mind entirely? If she did, she’d eventually be reunited with Daddy and Clarence. Once the Kaezer was pleased with his prisoners, he promised that the ration camps would be released, to join the new cities.
She’d managed to hide Mama’s wedding band, and kept it in her pocket. Whenever her fears arose, she held it. It helped her to remember who she was, and what she fought for.
Spring arrived, and she turned twelve years old.
On a rainy afternoon, Hir Zilejager entered the station with Hir Weingert. A strange robot followed them, and the entire team gathered for a better look.
It glided along the floor with hardly a sound. Its sinuous body resembled the millipedes that used to slink up the walls of their house in Plumgrove at night, and terrify her squeamish sisters. About twenty feet long, it was formed of chrome, brass, and copper segments. Each section was about two feet wide, and edged in vicious blades. Rows of brushy, metallic filaments propelled it along the ground.
“This is an assassin unit,” Hir Zilejager said, grinning proudly. “I was one of its original designers. It is our intent to expand upon this technology, and create the greatest machine imaginable. I believe that a cross-over with the Krept model is the key to our success.”
All of the Pruessians agreed heartily.
Daddy stared at the assassin with contempt. He hated robots as weapons, and this was the pinnacle of robotic warfare.
“We will observe their interaction,” said Hir Zilejager. “Afterward, I want your sincere opinions.”
A barricaded examination arena lay adjacent to the station. The robots were led inside, and everyone surrounded to watch.
Krept recognized immediately that it couldn’t outmaneuver the assassin, and reverted to a defensive strategy.
The assassin coiled back upon itself, adopting an equally cautious posture.
They paced and circled each other.
Lily pressed her fingers to the reinforced glass and steel barrier. Krept was like a friend, and she suddenly feared for it.
Each segment of the assassin’s body had its own optical dome. It watched, waiting for its opponent to strike.
Krept was confused by this odd rival, but it didn’t waste resources. It extended its six deadly slicer appendages and tripwire turret, resembling a furious scorpion hewn of copper and brass.
“Enough,” Hir Zilejager said. “I understand they are adept at survival, but we must have our results. Kolre tiunek, angregh il mekanet.”
The assassin burst out of its formation. Its segments separated, and whirled about the enclosure in a sharpened blur.
Krept maneuvered through the insane scatter. One of its appendages was bent, but it persisted. It crouched low to the ground, using the plated edges of its legs to protect its body.
The assassin clinked against the steel in vain, then regrouped, returning briefly to its compact huddle.
Krept dashed forward, latching onto the five nearest segments with its prehensile, bladed effectors. The tripwires also shot, and attached themselves to three additional parts. The quadruped rotated abruptly, and swung the pieces of the assassin in a fatal pivot.
The captured segments struck the walls and floor with a devastating crash. The optical domes shattered, hindering their sensors.
Again, the assassin split. It left the damaged pieces of itself behind, and reformed into a shorter variation. It streaked past Krept, the slicers carving through copper plating.
Part of Krept's processing lattice came loose, blinking tubes and wires dangling haphazardly from shredded metal. Though slowed, it continued to fight.
Five minutes later, the assassin model had been reduced to only two active components. Both were held firmly beneath Krept’s forelegs, pinned to the ground. The rest lay like discarded pebbles around the ring.
Krept finally gave up, as its central controller deteriorated. It hobbled to the side of the enclosure, and beeped pathetically. The status light beside its optical pane blinked yellow, indicating that it needed urgent maintenance.
Hir Zilejager applauded, and the other Pruessians followed suit.
Daddy and Lily just stared.
“What did we learn from this?” Hir Zilejager looked around, dark eyebrows raised. “Speak up.”
“The assassin is the first of our machines to successfully defeat a Krept unit,” Hir Weingert said. “Your model is to be commended.”
Lily cleared her throat. “May I speak, sir?”
“Of course, Sprestok,” Hir Zilejager said.
“In my opinion, the robots were a fair match. Krept immobilized the last two segments, and only retreated in crisis mode. They neutralized each other, but Krept had the advantage at the end.”
Hir Weingert glared at her.
“You are correct,“ Hir Zilejager said. “As your observation is keen, I would like to appoint you to the design committee.” He turned to Hir Weingert. “See that she is briefed with the others, and allowed to contribute.”
Hir Weingert saluted, with a rigid arm and expression. “Yes, sir.”
Lily felt indifferent, not honored. It would be interesting to witness a Pruessian design team in action, but her contributions would become part of a weapon.
There were still free citizens outside of the ration camps, her own people, fighting against the Kaezer. This new robot would be the deadliest machine ever built, and she didn’t want to create a menace for the resistance.
Over the next few weeks, she presented a few suggestions to the design team. However, there were many great ideas that she kept to herself.
Hir Weingert often singled her out, and pressured her to elaborate, more condescending than ever. Sometimes he stared, in a way that made her uncomfortable. He monitored them a lot more, as the weeks wore on. Though she grew weary of the escalated surveillance, she did what she was told, and persisted with single-minded fervor.




Chapter 16



Along with summer came a stifling heat. It was difficult to work in the afternoon, when the sun was at its worst. She traded off with Daddy to rest.
The design committee produced a working schematic, and began constructing the prototype. The Pruessians worked with them closely, which made it difficult to talk to Daddy.
It had been almost a year since their surrender, and still no news from Delia, or the Fist of Heaven. She often wondered if everything had failed. Maybe the space colonies had allied with the Kaezer, and all hope of freedom was lost.
Uncertainty threatened her resolve. Why hadn’t Ben contacted them? She watched daily for any sign of hope.
One humid afternoon, she attended a special event in the great hall. Hir Kaezer appeared in a live boxing match, broadcast on oversized screens and walls for all to see.
A known traitor was brought into the ring, a Pruessian man who had dared to speak against the dictator and his regime.
The Kaezer always presented himself as a strong and capable warrior. He stood before the cameras in full glory, muscled and gleaming with perspiration.
The dissident cowered in the opposite corner of the ring.
A bell clanged, and the fight began. The crowd stood and cheered.
At that moment, she caught sight of Clarence.
He was close, only three bleachers down.
She knew who would win. The fight was always rigged.
The poor opponent was helpless against the severe left hook of the great leader. Blood, spit, and sweat flew.
Hir Kaezer raised his arms in triumph, a knockout victory.
The crowd went into an uproar. Many hugged each other in celebration.
Lily clapped along, all the while moving toward Clarence. In the mad jostle, no one paid attention. She elbowed her way through.
Clarence sat quietly, staring at the screen with empty eyes.
Her heart pounded as she grabbed him by the shoulder.
He gasped when he saw her, and they embraced. It had been so long.
“I miss you, Lily,” he said. “Is Daddy okay?”
She kissed his cheek. “He’s fine. He misses you, too.”
“I wish we could all fly away,” Clarence said. “To anywhere but here. Will Delia come back for us?”
“I hope so,” she whispered.
They had to separate, as the masses dispersed. The drivers would be looking for her, to escort her to the station.
Clarence stared over his shoulder, as they were forced apart in the press.
It seemed so long ago that she’d been able to hug her family. She and Daddy always had to maintain their distance. Sometimes they sneaked a touch of the hand or shoulder. But she wished she could hold him, and feel the comfort of his arms around her.
She tried to stop crying, as she followed the drivers to the station, and decided to sing instead. Music always made her feel better.
Hir Zilejager’s project had progressed well.
Daddy’s practical skill was the most advanced among the team, and they consulted him on much of the physical assembly.
Lily and Daddy spoke decent Pruessian, now. It was a required study for all prisoners, young and old.
On a hot evening in late summer, she took a short break from her programming tasks. She poured herself some water, and reclined on a nearby chair.
Daddy labored over the framework for the latest prototype. Various pieces lay in an organized sprawl on the workbench, the bright lights reflecting in the round panes of his goggles.
Hir Zilejager and the Pruessians were in a meeting with a superior officer.
She heard the sound of footsteps, and Hir Weingert approached.
Alarmed, she stood and saluted.
Hir Weingert was difficult to understand. He acted indifferent most of the time, even disdainful. Other times when they were alone, he was cordial. She found this behavior irritating, but she was forced to display respect.
“At ease, Sprestok Fairpoole,” he said. He filled her empty cup, and handed it to her. “Have another drink. You work so hard for your age.”
She took the water, but refused to meet his gaze. Though he smiled, the rest of his face was apathetic. He made her uneasy.
He sat beside her, folding his hands in his lap. This was the closest she’d ever been to a Pruessian. She could smell the polished leather of his boots, and the oily scent of tonic in his sleek, dark hair.
“May I ask you a question?”
She nodded.
“I understand that you arrived here with a Pruessian man, named Benjamin Keene,” he said.
She swallowed. “Yes, sir.”
“Tell me what you know of this gentleman. I hear he is of the Schnegiryov family, though he grew up among the space colonies.”
“I don’t know much.” She skirted the truth. “He assisted us in getting out of the strongholds, and into the care of the great leader. We’re grateful to him for this.”
Hir Weingert laughed. He slipped a gloved finger beneath her chin, and studied her closely. “You’re an asset to our beloved leader, Sprestok. A pretty face, along with intelligence. And I daresay, you’re far more clever than you pretend.”
She averted her gaze, wanting to get away from him.
“There’s no reason to be afraid,” he said, in a snide voice. “You have many friends here.” He didn’t say that he was one of them.
“I need to return to work, sir.” She saluted, said the required slogan, and hurried back to her duties.
She didn’t trust any of the Pruessians, and Hir Weingert least of all. From that day forth, she avoided any unnecessary contact with the arrogant young man.
Autumn brought the blessed coolness that made work more bearable.
She didn’t know the exact date of their arrival in the ration camp, but she knew that a year had passed. Though it was discouraging, there was no time for regret. Nothing could be reversed.
On a chilly afternoon, when only the robots were on guard, Daddy broke her misery with long-awaited news. “Time to test these pistons out, I’ve finally received a message from Ben,” he said.
She gasped, drawing the attention of the drivers, and waited until they weren’t interested to reply.
“Let’s have a look at them, please tell me everything.”
He glanced about, to be sure they were still alone.
“Take care with that connector, Delia and the others are sending supplies to the resistance and are still planning our escape.”
The sound of voices and footsteps announced the arrival of the Pruessians.
Daddy smiled, and winked. There was still hope.
She watched the skies often, through the cheerless windows of the dorm, or while passing between the labor zones. Any day, she hoped to see their allies above, coming to rescue them at last.




Chapter 17



The second winter in the ration camp was colder than the first. Transportation was hindered by a week-long blizzard, which tried the patience of many. Completion of the prototype was delayed by a lost shipment from Pruessia, much to Hir Zilejager’s dismay.
When the specialized parts finally arrived, the team rushed to install them.
At first glance, the new robot resembled the assassin. Its serpentine body was formed of five interlocking, detachable segments. Built of steel frame plated in copper, brass, and chrome, it was shorter and more flexible than its predecessors. Each round section walked on four articulated legs, similar to Krept. The prehensile feet were layered with the same fibrous strands that propelled the assassin model. It was able to shift formations rapidly, adapting to environment and necessity. Another innovation was the ingenious layering of the weaponry within the compact structure. The powerful mini-hydraulics and durable batteries were Hir Zilejager’s own inventions.
The first official test was conducted in the arena. The robot displayed its hardware and functions without flaw. It performed well when conjoined, and as a synchronized group of five when it divided. Constructed into each segment were automatic weapons, standard tripwire grapplers, and the slicer blades of both forerunners. It even had flamethrowers, a feature inherited from Krept.
“We’re ready to show this unit to the great leader,” said Hir Weingert.
Hir Zilejager beamed. “Indeed. I’m traveling to Moskloberg in a few weeks, to make the presentation. See that we obtain media of the highest quality.”
“Of course, sir.” Hir Weingert saluted.
Moskloberg was the capital of the Pruessian Empire, the home of Hir Kaezer himself.
“I want to thank Civilian and Sprestok Fairpoole,” Hir Zilejager said. “You’ve both proven invaluable to my research. It’s rare to find a family as talented as yours.”
All of the Pruessians stared at them.
Hir Weingert’s lips curled into an obvious sneer, as he looked Lily up and down.
She ignored him. “Thank you, sir.”
Daddy gave a dignified nod. His expression was reserved, but satisfied.
A week later, Lily realized the extent of the praise. She was awarded the next rank, due to Hir Zilejager’s commendation--promoted from Sprestok, to Korenzdit. It meant rooted in Pruessian. Established, and ready to grow. The next advancement would be to the youth corps. At that level, she received free passage around the camp, and she'd be able to move about her registered zones without a driver or trooper accompanying her.
The honor renewed her confidence. Though Hir Zilejager was her captor, he was a fair and intelligent man.
Early spring arrived, along with her thirteenth birthday.
Daddy began work on a mysterious project during his assigned breaks.
She tried to peek, but he always moved to block her view.
He raised a finger, and gave her a playful smile.
She laughed. But the laughter changed to awe, when he presented the gift a week later.
He offered her tool bag with a wink that afternoon, indicating something special was inside.
She searched through it, and discovered a round metal object, just big enough for her palm. It was a polished brass and copper sphere, with an activation switch at the hinge. When she turned it, a lid sprang open, revealing a wondrous sight.
A glass oil container, cut in half, formed a dome for the liquid world within. The Pruessian oil company’s logo was a rising sun, the embossed rays fanning in a frosted pattern across the surface. Four small whorls of copper appeared at the edges, and a fifth in the middle. They blossomed into metallic lily flowers, and released a shower of glittering flakes. The smaller petals unfolded into diaphanous butterfly wings.
“Let’s get to work, happy birthday Sunshine I’m sorry the gift is late.” Daddy said.
Her mouth hung open in awe, fingers tightening around the snowglobe.
Both of them had learned much from the Kaezer’s technology. The incredible workmanship in her hand was the culmination of Daddy’s skill.
His eyes glistened. “I love you,” he said, not caring about the drivers.
A refined and affected voice broke the moment. She plunged the gift back into her tool bag, before Hir Weingert saw it.
“Hir Zilejager has departed for the homeland,” Hir Weingert said. “This leaves me in charge of the project, as the next officer in rank.” He walked with his chin high, overcoat flowing behind him like an ebon banner. As he stopped to observe them, he reminded Lily of a sly bird, swooping on brash, dark wings, to feed upon the efforts of others.
Neither she nor Daddy paid him any mind, and continued getting ready for their shift.
“Hmph.” Hir Weingert lingered a moment longer, then retreated to his office in the adjacent corridor.
She hid the snowglobe that night, tucking it inside her uniform drawer at the dorm. Daddy had taken the risk and care to make it for her. It was like a treasure, a part of him that she could hold and admire anytime she wanted.
Days soon lengthened into the clear radiance of spring. She spent more time outside, with the other youth. Exercise always relieved the tension and doubt in her mind. Now that she was the rank of Korenzdit, no one bullied her. She’d elevated herself above most of them. They left her alone, as picking on a higher rank earned dire punishment.
With Hir Weingert left in charge, the pressure to meet deadlines amplified. Though his obsessive monitoring motivated the team to work harder, everyone hoped Hir Zilejager would return soon.
Weeks went by, and Lily was near to losing her mind.
Even the Pruessians argued that Hir Weingert pushed them too much.
She was fluent enough to understand what the other technicians said, and overheard two of them gossiping one evening.
“That Weingert boy acts like he’s the Kaezer himself,” one said.
“He’s not what he seems. Don’t trust him,” the other replied, leaning close.
They looked about, and saw Lily.
She nodded politely, and continued working.
“Korenzdit Fairpoole,” one of the men said. She remembered that his name was Hir Volbergh. He was a little older than Daddy, with graying blonde hair and jovial blue eyes.
“Yes, sir?”
“How much Pruessian do you speak?”
She took a deep breath, and answered as best she could. “Enough to one day become a civilian, in the new cities of our great leader.”
They laughed, as if she'd told the funniest joke ever.
Hir Volbergh walked toward her.
She saluted. “Seigh till Hir Kaezer!”
“No, no,” he said. A smile lifted his jaunty mustache. “It’s not necessary when a co-worker approaches you, only when Hir Zilejager is near. Or, sadly, when Hir Weingert is.” He reached into his pocket, and withdrew a sealed envelope. “This is a new concept for the prototype. Would you please look, and share it with your father? I’d like your opinions of it.”
She lowered her hand, slowly took the envelope, and put it in her pocket.
Hir Weingert strode in, and everyone stood and saluted him.
“It’s almost the end of the shift,” he said, looking around expectantly. “I’d like to see your reports for the day.”
As each was handed in, Hir Weingert waved them free to leave for the night. But he stopped Daddy and Lily, with an extended arm.
“I’ve only received one report from you. Where is yours, Korenzdit Fairpoole?”
Lily gulped, and was about to reply.
Daddy intervened, speaking firmly in Pruessian. “Sir, we’ve been filing a joint report ever since we started here. Why does my daughter need her own?”
Hir Weingert answered in their language, just as firmly. “I stated, in writing, over a month ago, that each member of the team was to submit an individual report to me, at the end of their shift. I’ve overlooked it for a while now, in hopes that you’d eventually comply. But alas, you haven’t, and neither has your girl.”
Daddy’s jaw tightened. “We can generate one for you. It won’t take long.”
“I don’t think you understand.” Hir Weingert gestured to his drivers. “You’ll stay here, and I’ll tell you what I want you to do.”
The robots surrounded with the grinding of gears, and the click of threatening mechanisms within their hulls.
Daddy threw up his hands. “Yes, sir. We await your further instruction.”
“Thank you,” said Hir Weingert. “Now, I want to see what the prototype can do.”
It seemed Hir Weingert had lost his mind.
Daddy glanced at her, and his eyes warned.
She blinked once, signaling that she understood the situation.
They demonstrated the prototype within the arena.
Hir Weingert clucked his tongue, and crossed his arms. “This is the behavior of a child’s toy. A program you run to display the latest modifications. How far along are you with the actual combat protocol, Korenzdit Fairpoole?”
“I’ve barely started, sir.”
Hir Weingert snapped his head about. “Barely started...are you joking? It’s been a month since Hir Zilejager left. And all we have to show is this poor excuse?”
Neither she nor Daddy answered.
“How long will it take to complete the protocol?”
She looked at the ground. “A day, maybe two.”
Hir Weingert smirked. “Ah. You’ll stay overtime tonight, and tomorrow, if needed. And you’ll finish for me by week’s end.”
“Yes, sir.”
She set up her display, and slipped the navigation sensors onto her fingertips.
“You're free to leave, if you wish, Citizen,” Hir Weingert said. “I have your report. I only need hers.”
“I’ll stay, and catch up some other work, as long as she’s here,” Daddy said.
Hir Weingert waved his hand, with a genteel curve of his wrist. “Suit yourself. I’ll be in my office, and I’ll inspect your progress later.” He left them alone, taking the robots with him.




Chapter 18



Hours went by, grating at Lily's weary mind. Myriad columns danced upon the screen in her display, fusing into the combat protocol matrices. She’d learned much more Pruessian code since working for Hir Zilejager. At this point, she probably knew more than Delia did.
She seethed at Hir Weingert and his erratic tyranny. The other Pruessians didn’t behave like this. Murky yellow light spilled from his office door, creating a single patch of illumination against the wall of the shadowed corridor.
They had to wake at dawn for their classes and drills. Why was he taking so long to check on them? This wasn’t fair, or warranted.
She stopped a moment, and removed her display, looking around at Daddy.
He was hard at work on the frame for the second prototype.
Since the drivers weren’t present, she abandoned all care. She approached, and spoke directly. “You look exhausted. I can finish this on my own.”
“No,” he said. “I won’t leave you alone with that brute.”
She looked around, making sure they were still unsupervised. Then she reached for him, her heart pounding, and they met in a long-desired hug. It was a simple thing, once taken for granted. She buried her face into his strong shoulder, and sobbed.
He kissed her cheek. “It’s okay. I’m here, Sunshine. I’ll always be here for you.”
A mechanical hum and clink announced the approaching drivers.
Lily rushed back to her seat, and donned her display device, acting as if everything was normal.
The robots beeped to each other in their private electronic language, and assumed their usual observant formation.
Tension hung in the air. There was still no sign of Hir Weingert. He was probably asleep in his office.
She sighed, and resumed her tedious job. Her anger kept her awake, over the next few hours.
Not long after midnight, she heard Daddy put his tools down. “I’m taking a short rest break,” he said, glancing at the drivers. He sat on a chair in the corner, folded his arms, and closed his eyes.
Not long after, she used the lavatory, and washed her hands in the pitcher and basin near the door.
The station was silent. Her own breath seemed to echo through the vast, dark space. She glanced at Daddy.
He still dozed in the corner, chin slumped. The brim of his black civilian cap covered his face, his chest rising and falling with his snores.
She didn’t want to disturb him. In another hour, the job would be finished. Then she would go to the office, and wake Hir Weingert herself. The man had to be sleeping in there. She couldn’t think of any other reason for his inattention.
It was too quiet, and made her nervous. She hummed to herself, to ease her troubled mind. Returning to the robot, she picked up her display.
She heard the flap of a long coat, and the precise step of boot heels. Hir Weingert drifted out of a shadowy corner, and walked toward her. It was as if he just appeared.
Fear seized her, and she stumbled to say the words of the required greeting. She saluted, trying to at least appear enthusiastic.
“Be at ease,” he said. “You’ve proven much today. I’d like to have a little chat, before I dismiss you and your father.”
She nodded once, but kept her eyes down, and her temper in check. She had a bad habit of saying things in anger, and regretting them later.
“You’re a smart girl,” Hir Weingert said, moving closer. “I think you and I are much alike.”
She curbed her sharp reply, and answered calmly. “I only strive to be as strong and wise as the great leader.”
His grin was snide. “The proper answer for a proper Kaezer youth. I know all of the right things to say, too. Do you know how old I am, Korenzdit Fairpoole?”
“No, sir.” She didn’t care if he was ten, or a hundred. She wanted to get this over with, and go to bed.
“I turned seventeen this past winter,” he said. “Like you, I’ve accomplished much in my field, far beyond my years.”
He was a lot younger than she expected.
She was a little curious, though she despised him.
“When I was six, I spoke three languages fluently,” he said. “By the time I was your age, I spoke thirty-seven. The great leader has keen interest in gifted minds like ours. I was taken from my family, and educated under a strict and accelerated program. Now, I’m assigned in this pathetic camp, so far from the homeland.” He paused a moment, and cocked his head. “Have you ever heard of Myrktilhet? The Shadow?”
“No.”
“Of course you haven’t,” he said. “But you’ve heard of a certain fist from the sky.”
She took a step back. “I don’t understand.”
He grabbed her swiftly by the wrists, trapping her against the workbench with his body. It cut into her back. Sharp pain triggered a scream, but he pressed a hand over her mouth.
“I assumed it was just you and your father involved. But, tonight, I learned the truth. More are working with you. Hir Volbergh gave you something.”
She struggled, but he was bigger and stronger.
“You and your father are ignorant, thinking you fooled my robots with your silly long sentences, and the secret messages you’ve been receiving. I’m an officer of Myrktilhet. We’re always watching, and listening, in the shadows. If you were Pruessian, you’d know this.”
His fingers tightened like talons against her face.
“Your friend, this Venyamin Schnegiryov, is finishing his parents’ work. The overthrow of the Kaezer, and the dominance of the space colonies. And you’re helping him. I want the envelope from Hir Volbergh. I’m going to release your arm, and you’ll give it to me. Or, you’ll face the consequences of your resistance.”
Her defiance overcame all reason. She managed to wrestle one leg free, and stomped on his foot with all her might.
He grunted in pain, and rammed his weight against her in retaliation. “You lied to me. And as I’m the direct ears of the Kaezer, you’ve lied to him as well. I see that I’m forced to do this the hard way. You have much to learn, Korenzdit.”
He flipped her around, so that her back was pinned against his chest, and rummaged through her pockets with one invasive hand.
“I have orders to expose any threat to the great leader. And I’m tired of your deceit and impudence.”
He tore her collar, until it ripped along the shoulder seams. The fabric betrayed her, peeling away, leaving her bare to the waist.
He found the envelope in her inner pocket, and held it before her eyes with his free hand. “Here it is. The proof of your guilt.”
She noticed the tiny fist and star symbol, drawn in one corner. Hir Volbergh must be one of Ben’s operatives.
“I’m going to teach you something,” Hir Weingert said. “For all the times you belittled me in front of Hir Zilejager, speaking over me as if you have some sort of importance, you’ll learn your lesson.”
He stripped her coveralls to her knees, then spoke to his drivers. “Subdue.”
With a hard shove, he bent her across the workbench, and the robots plodded to the other side.
They clamped their vise effectors over her arms, and held her down, stretched out in the most shameful way.
Numbing fear surged through her, and she bucked against their grip.
Hir Weingert’s hand slipped from her face briefly, as he fussed with the buttons and buckles of his clothing.
She found an inch of freedom, to shout as loud as she could. It was all she needed. “Daddy!”
There was a blur of movement, and she tried to look over her shoulder.
Hir Weingert gave a startled cry, which was followed by the crunch of bone against bone.
Daddy’s voice was icily calm. “You picked the wrong father to cross. I’m going to kill you, little boy.”
She heard another fleshy crack.
Hir Weingert yelled to the drivers.
The robots released her.
She stumbled after them, clutching the tattered coveralls to her chest.
A large, heavy socket wrench lay on the workbench. She took it with a trembling hand.
Hir Weingert was sprawled on his stomach, in a pool of blood.
Daddy sat astride him, smashing the young man’s head against the floor.
She heard the drivers respond, saw their slots opening.
Tasers fired, latching onto Daddy.
Her scream joined his.
Daddy convulsed, then collapsed.
Hir Weingert tried to get up, pushing himself to his knees with shaky arms. Blood dripped with a thick patter from his face.
Fear and anger coursed through her. She swung the wrench at his head, but her terror added more force to the blow than she intended. The snap of his skull resonated through her fingers.
Secondary tasers struck her in the chest and back, and the crisp buzz of electricity scraped through her body. Every muscle tensed and burned.
A moment of darkness and silence followed.
It only lasted a short while. The pain returned quickly.
Steel pinched, as another restraint bit into her wrists. It was a sadly familiar sensation. The drivers emitted faint, pulsing beeps as they sent their alert signals.
Daddy moaned nearby.
The realization that he was alive focused her mind.
Her eyesight returned slowly. She was on the floor, leaning against the workbench.
Hir Weingert lay beside her, unmoving, in a smeared pool of blood. His black coat was fanned around him, like the bleak wings of a carrion bird in flight.
Blood glistened red along Daddy’s fingers and arms. The taser barbs were still embedded, and one of them protruded from his right eye.
She cried, and reached for him, but was blocked by the drivers.
The sound of many footsteps echoed from the corridor. A patrol of seven troopers arrived, and surrounded them.
“Civilian and Korenzdit Fairpoole,” one of them said. “You’re under arrest.”
They forced her to her feet.
She tried to walk, but she was too weak. Her knees buckled. She sank to the floor and wept.




Chapter 19



More people entered the station, wearing the masked black uniforms of an emergency medical team.
A tall man stepped forward. “Stand aside,” he said. “This isn’t a crime.”
“What’s your authority?” The troopers barred the way.
The medic presented the seal badge of an officer. If it wasn’t himself, someone of high rank was endorsing his actions.
The troopers relented.
A pair of robots lifted Lily onto a stretcher.
She endured a hasty ride across the zone, in the back of a bumpy transport, surrounded by urgent voices.
They delivered her to the infirmary, and laid her in a room where white lights and walls glared. She’d been here before, after a few small injuries.
The medical robots tended to her. They injected a pain killer, then removed the taser barbs.
The tall medic with the officer’s seal entered the room.
“Please, sir. Is my father alright?” Her voice felt like hot sand in her throat.
“He’s alive. We’re doing our best to repair the damage to his eye. We’ve also provided him relief for the pain, as we have for you.”
He removed his mask, revealing his familiar smile.
“Ben!”
“It’s good to see you,” he said, squeezing her hand.
“You too. How in the worlds did you get the seal of an officer?”
“We have an influential friend, and that’s all I can tell you right now. I’m sorry, for what you’ve endured in this camp. We’ve waited longer than any of us expected.”
She looked away. “I should apologize. It’s my fault we’re here.”
He placed a hand on her shoulder. “Don’t blame yourself. Your sacrifice saved your brother’s life. I admire you, Lily. And we’re leaving this place together, very soon.”
She gasped. “Is Delia coming for us?”
“She’s got a plan, but it’s dangerous. All of her schemes are, come to think of it.”
“When are we going?”
“I don’t know. It’ll be within weeks, that’s the good news. There’s also some bad news.” The look on his face chilled her. “Hir Weingert is dead.”
She felt no grief. “He tried to force me. To...”
“You don’t have to explain,” he said. “I just watched the security footage. What he attempted is a severe crime, under Pruessian law. The Kaezer himself condemns such acts, especially towards children. In this, you can defend yourself. However, there’s a problem. One that we all hoped to avoid.”
“Myrktilhet,” she said.
“Yes. You’ve heard of them already?”
“He told me he was an officer of the Shadow, right before it happened.”
Ben’s gaze darkened for a moment. “Myrktilhet is one of the most elite orders in the Kaezer’s block of power, and by far the most secret. Hir Weingert's death won’t go unpunished, and it was your strike that killed him. Though I have no doubt your father meant to do the same.”
“What’s going to happen?”
“I hope we escape, before we find out.” He smiled. “You’re a brave girl. And there are others protecting you. Some are closer than you think. Watch for this sign, as always.”
He raised a fist, and she saw the small tattoo of a star on the back of one finger. Then he replaced his mask, and left the room.
She was allowed to rest at the infirmary that night, and was excused from the sunrise drill.
At noon, Fru Haeveka arrived with a trio of domestic robots, to escort her back to the dorm. Once they were inside, she beckoned. “Come, Korenzdit. I’d like a word with you in my office.”
She followed the stern caretaker, and felt a twinge of anxiety as the door closed. Being called into Fru Haeveka’s office meant trouble. She’d faced the discipline a few times, usually after a fight. It was a rare occurrence, now.
“Sit down, please.” Fru Haeveka sat on the edge of her desk, and lit a cigarette. She tapped a crimson fingernail against the stained wood surface. “I’ll ask you something, and you must be honest.”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“Did this Hir Weingert rape you?”
Lily shuddered at the blunt atrocity of the word. “No. But he would have, if my father hadn’t been there.”
Fru Haeveka exhaled a thick cloud. “An attempt, only. This may be taken several ways by the council.”
“The council?”
“Yes. I’ve received word from my superiors, and they’ve informed me that your case has already been forwarded to Pruessia.”
“I’m to be put on trial?” Lily shivered.
“Unfortunately so,” Fru Haeveka said, crushing her cigarette into an ashtray. “Rest assured, those who are hidden know the truth.”
She twisted one of her clunky rings off, and extended a fist. The muscles in her forearm tightened. Fru Haeveka was a formidable boxer, and one of the main instructors in the camp.
Lily glimpsed the tiny star tattoo, identical to Ben’s. “You’re with the Fist of Heaven. Was it you who cleared us from arrest at the station?”
Fru Haeveka nodded, and slipped the ring back onto her finger. “As your caretaker, I watch over you, but I don’t work for the great leader.” She slid her uniform skirt up to her firm, pale thigh. A banded leather sheath was strapped among her garters. She withdrew a thin dagger, and tossed it. It landed with a lethal thud in the portrait of Hir Kaezer.
Lily grinned.
“Mr. Keene told me that he gave you his wristcom,” Fru Haeveka said.
“He did.”
“Keep it with you. The time is soon, and we may need it.”




Chapter 20



The next morning, she attended the drill and required classes. When the time came to go to work, there were two additional drivers in her escort. She was uncertain if it was for her protection, or to make sure she behaved.
It was a calm, breezy day in late spring. White clouds sailed across the sky, driven by a persistent wind. She held her cap against it. The maintenance door of the station was open, and she hurried through.
All of the Pruessian technicians were hard at work. The spark of Hir Volbergh’s power grinder squealing against metal drew her attention, and the faint, sulfurous odor of diesel exhaust wafted from the arena outside.
Krept acknowledged her with its usual trill, programmed to recognize her on sight.
Hir Zilejager was back from Pruessia, and was in a discussion with Daddy.
Daddy smiled weakly when he saw her. He wore a black leather eye patch to conceal his injury.
She gave the proper salute.
“You may be at ease,” Hir Zilejager said. “I wish to speak with you, and your father. Come inside, please.” He waved them into his office, and closed the door. His gaunt features were drawn with concern. He addressed them in Pruessian, clasping his hands behind his back. “I appealed to the legislators in Moskloberg, when I received news of your arrest, and they’ve granted you both temporary asylum. You may continue working until your trial. I’m sure you won’t object, as it’s more tolerable than losing your sanity in a detention cell.”
Daddy bowed his head. “Thank you, sir.”
“After observing the security footage, I’m convinced you acted in self-defense.” Hir Zilejager paused, and looked at Lily. “If I were in the situation, Civilian Fairpoole, I would have reacted in a similar manner. I...have a daughter, about the same age. Hir Weingert’s death is unfortunate, but I daresay he brought it upon himself.”
Daddy stared at Hir Zilejager for several seconds, and a quiet understanding passed between them. “I appreciate your consideration, sir. But is it true that we face murder charges?”
“I’m afraid so. Hir Weingert’s associates are part of a brotherhood, which protects its own rather vehemently. In the past, they’ve been known to use subversion and violence in seeking their revenge. I’ve spoken with your warden, and also to Fru Haeveka. We’ve placed heightened surveillance around you, and will respond to any suspicious activity.”
This explained the reason for the extra drivers in her escort. Her dread and curiosity formed an uneasy blend, and she asked the question that tormented her. “Is Myrktilhet trying to kill us?”
Hir Zilejager shifted his stance. “As you always ask so plainly, Korenzdit, I’ll be frank in return. I believe they’re capable, and that they will pursue you in this case. Unfortunately, no one knows their motives. All we can do is remain watchful.”
Daddy broke the uneasy silence. “I have another concern.”
“Go on.”
“This injury is affecting my work. I can’t see anything on my right side, and I’ve got a headache from straining my good eye. I’m not sure I can stay on the project like this.”
Lily gasped, and grabbed his sleeve with both hands. “No, Daddy, don’t leave.”
Hir Zilegager watched with a surprised expression.
She let go of Daddy with a start. “I’m sorry, sir. I got carried away, that’s all.”
“There’s no need to apologize.” Hir Zilejager smiled. “I have something for you, Civilian. I meant to give it to you earlier, but it’s been a hectic day.” He opened a supply cabinet filled with piles of robotic parts and tattered notebooks. Bits of paper scrawled with diagrams and intricate equations were tacked erratically to the sides.
He pulled out a mechanical prosthesis, resembling the detached arm of a utility robot. A padded metal frame gleamed along tiny brass joints, articulated to a human torso. Circular panels edged in sensors were set at both ends.
Daddy frowned at the strange object.
“I designed this visual aid, a few years ago, for an officer with failing eyesight,” Hir Zilejager said. “This is one of the concept models. It’s still functional, and you’re welcome to try it.”
He adjusted it to fit, then secured it in place with the attached leather fastenings.
It covered all of Daddy’s arm, shoulder, and half of his face. He had to remove his eye patch, but the device covered the wound just as well.
Hir Zilejager flipped the activation switch, and it hummed with the warming of compact actuators. He raised a palm at Daddy’s blind side.
Daddy twitched. “What the...it just shocked me a little. It didn’t hurt, but what does this thing do, anyway?”
“The headpiece, and the outer strip bear enhanced optical sensors. It detects objects and movement on all sides. You’ll receive a small pulse, alerting you to the direction and orientation. There’s also an automated mode, with this switch here, allowing it to respond for you. It isn’t foolproof, but I hope it changes your mind about leaving.”
Daddy turned his hand about, assessing. “I’ll wear it for the rest of the shift.”
Hir Zilejager looked satisfied. “Very good. You should also know, the great leader was so impressed with our prototype, that he’s named the model.”
Lily and Daddy paused, on their way out the door.
“It’s called Roenyet. In your language, it means Swarm.”
It was an apt title, for an efficient and deadly machine.
Hir Volbergh approached her, when she returned to her duties. “Did you read the plans I gave you?” he asked.
“No. Hir Weingert took them.”
He laughed. “Well, if Myrktilhet sees what was in that envelope, they’ll find a misleading surprise.”
“You know about Hir Weingert, and Myrktilhet?”
His voice was low, but proud. “I know about everything.” He removed a glove, and displayed the star tattoo upon his flexed, defiant fist.
Lily had already guessed that Hir Volbergh was an operative. Along with Fru Haeveka, she wondered who else was working secretly to bring an end to the War.
This ration camp was like a fortress. Escape would be daunting, even foolish. Knowing Delia’s penchant for stunts of bravery and risk, Lily presumed it would be an adventure, when the time came for the attempt.
She completed Swarm’s combat protocol that afternoon, to the delight of Hir Zilejager.
At first, Daddy seemed to be doing well. Then he accidentally slammed his elbow into the workbench, and shouted in pain.
She went to his side, overcome with worry.
“I can’t work like this, Sunshine,” he said. “I’m sorry.”
Not caring what the others thought, she threw her arm around him. “How can I help?”
“Unless my eyesight returns, my career’s finished. There’s nothing to be done.” He breathed a heavy sigh, and set his tools down.
“What’s wrong with the aid device?” she asked.
“This thing just slows me down. It’s too stiff.”
“Let me have a look at it,” she said. She scratched her head, as she puzzled over the detailed circuitry and structure. “These joints are outdated. The newer bearings are more flexible. I wonder if we can make a few adjustments.”
A bin of used parts was stored near the door of the station. The utility robots emptied it every week for recycling. Lily poked around its contents, and grinned when she found one of the pieces she needed, a miniature hydraulic cylinder from one of the failed versions of Swarm. It hadn’t worked for the robot, but it was perfect for Daddy.
It took hours of tinkering and scavenging. She worked on it during her assigned breaks, making sure that her regular duties and quota were kept. By sunset, she’d enhanced the prosthetic, and Daddy was satisfied with the result.
“It’s much better,” he said, smiling and moving his arm about.
Hir Zilejager and the other Pruessians were amazed. Even the medics, who checked on Daddy’s eye every few days, were stunned by the quality and speed of her work.
The final challenge lay in helping Daddy learn to respond to the aid properly. It was a lot like learning to drive. He was frustrated at first, but he persisted.
For the rest of the week, they worked together on his tasks.
She stood with him, sometimes even sat behind him, assisting him with touch and words. It felt good to be close to him, and to see the satisfied look on his face when he succeeded.
Her memories slipped to the happier times gone by. When she’d first apprenticed to him, he used to sit behind her, guiding her hands and showing her the way. Now, she did it for him.
A few days later, Daddy could perform most basic functions on his own. It was just in time, as their summons to the trial came the next morning.




Chapter 21



The legislators from Pruessia arrived on a cool, breezy day.
She slipped the wristcom into the inner pocket of her coveralls, having removed it from its hiding place the night before.
Fru Haeveka fetched her after the drill, with four drivers following in close formation.
“Lily Fairpoole. Come with me, please.”
“Is it time for the trial?”
The caretaker nodded. “Much is at stake today. I’m coming along, to endorse you before the council.”
A large transport van waited outside the dorm. They climbed in the back seat, and the robots sprinted alongside.
It was her first time visiting the administrative zone, with its lofty buildings and teeming squares.
The transport parked before an expansive terrace.
They scaled the wide concrete steps. A peculiar bronze sculpture of fused geometric columns decorated the middle of the circular pavilion. Crowds of officers, troopers, and robots went about their business. All of them wore the black uniform and red symbol of the Kaezer, with each unique style denoting their role and rank.
The bureaucratic hall was called Polneitenzal. It rose in an imposing edifice of concrete and reflective glass. At twenty stories, it occupied most of the plaza.
The few buildings which survived Black Sky Day had been redeveloped for the Kaezer. She wondered what Polneitenzal was previously. Perhaps it had been a city hall, a business headquarters, or a hotel. Regardless of its past, it was now the seat of all that controlled her life.
She felt small as she passed through the arched doors, and into the hectic foyer. The security guards scanned her at the chamber entrance, then led her inside.
The huge room seemed chilly, though warm sunlight poured through the elongated windows. All around, on banners and murals, the fist of the homeland upheld a brandished sword, and a bold-toothed gear wheel. Proud portraits of Hir Wilhauf Kaezer, and his father, Hir Anzelvik Kaezer, gloated from above.
A round dais was positioned at the center, with gleaming steps trimmed in brass surrounding it. Upon it stood a monolithic stone desk, formed of unadorned black marble slabs. Three uniformed men sat there, with dour expressions and stiff postures.
A panel of at least twenty screens towered over the room, with a stern, unfriendly face displayed in each. These men and women were all connected live via the great leader’s satellite network, staring in a way that seemed to already condemn.
Lily sat next to Fru Haeveka on a hard, uncomfortable bench.
Daddy hunched nearby, the chrome and brass components of his visual aid agleam in the morning light. The detached man beside him was his warden.
The hearing began promptly with the tick of the hour, and the thud of the gavel.
There were many names to remember, and everyone spoke rapid Pruessian. She had to concentrate to understand.
The chairman called each attending officer and council member to recite their credentials, a process which lasted over an hour.
She felt restless, after sitting for so long.
They called Daddy to witness first.
He stood with his head and shoulders thrown back, undaunted.
The presiding chairman had several layers of chin, tufted silver brows, and an assertive waxed mustache. “Civilian, state your full name and age,” he said.
“Isaac Woodrow Fairpoole. Thirty-six years old.”
“And what is your profession?”
“Robotics technician, sir.”
For the next hour, they pressed Daddy with endless questions. He kept his composure, even when the interrogation became oppressive.
“The evidence shows you were asleep, and awoke to assault Hir Jerik Weingert. Tell us why you took this action.”
Daddy’s voice was strong, for all to hear. “He was about to rape my daughter. I did what any parent would. I protected my child.”
A murmur went through the assembly.
“What did you see, to determine that it was an attempted rape?”
“He’d restrained her with two drivers across a workbench, face down. Her clothing was stripped to her knees. When I drew near, I saw that he was fully exposed, with obvious intent to violate her.”
“And what was your response?”
“I hit him, twice. Then I shoved him to the floor, and continued to beat the hell out of him.”
“You were also recorded, via the drivers present, as saying that you were going to kill him. Was this indeed your intent?”
“Yes, sir.”
An uproar followed, as people tried to speak all at once. Some stood, and shook their fists.
The chairman struck his gavel upon the the desk, ushering silence.
“Order, please. Your testimony has been recorded, Civilian. Thank you for serving your purpose. You may be seated.”
When the Pruessians thanked someone for serving their purpose, it indicated a grave and finalizing moment. Lily swallowed, dreading the inevitable.
“We will now present the evidence,” the chairman said.
Three giant screens descended from the ceiling, and everyone in the forum beheld the shocking event. When it revealed the killing blow with the wrench, Lily cowered against the resentful glares she received.
Across the floor, in one of the seats of honor, sat an officer with drawn features and a prominent jaw. His oversized smile never reached his devious, murky eyes.
The chairman called Lily forward. She tried to stand tall and unafraid, like Daddy.
“Korenzdit, state your full name and age.”
“Lily Mayla Fairpoole. Thirteen years old.”
Another hour passed, and she withstood a session as grueling as Daddy’s had been. She grew tired and thirsty, and her head ached.
“What do you believe motivated Hir Weingert’s behavior?” the chairman asked.
“I don’t know. He always harassed me. I think he just liked to belittle people.”
Dumbfounded silence fell over the room.
The officer with the unnerving grin stood, and glided crossed the floor.
“Hir Thulsbek,” the chairman said, with an awed expression.
There was a voracious quality about this man, which sucked the vital cheer from the air. On his upturned collar, he wore two silver emblem pins. They resembled arrows, with one side of the point cast in shiny metal, and the other layered in reflective black.
“I have a few questions to ask the defendant, Esteemed Chairman,” he said.
“Of course. Proceed as necessary.”
“Korenzdit Fairpoole, I was a colleague of the late Hir Weingert,” Hir Thulsbek said. “The security footage clearly showed what happened. It appears to me, that your father neutralized the situation. Then, out of sheer irrationality, you killed an accomplished Pruessian youth with one swing. The only crime which I beheld was that wielded by your own hand. All else was an attempt.”
She felt trapped by his cadaverous stare, and shivered. “I didn’t mean to kill him, just injure him. I was scared, and I didn’t want him to hurt us anymore.”
“Regret serves no purpose, Korenzdit. Only the results of our actions matter. I have one more thing to ask. What was in the envelope that he took from you?”
“It was a set of plans from my co-worker, Hir Volbergh, regarding our prototype.”
“For the robot. Of course.” Hir Thulsbek faced the council. “There’s something else, which wasn’t apparent on the footage, a treachery which might have slipped past untrained eyes.” He reached into his pocket, and produced an envelope with a triumphant sneer.
“What I hold, is the evidence which Hir Weingert sought to procure that night, from Korenzdit Fairpoole. He was only following his orders, as an officer of Myrktilhet, a witness and guardian of our great leader. This girl, her father, and several others still at large in this settlement, are conspirators in a most vile scheme. Hir Weingert was assigned to this camp, to watch and listen for any sort of treason. He found it, and obviously had to take it by force. I believe this wasn’t an attempted rape, but a struggle to conceal their hidden plot.”
He handed the envelope to the chairman.
“And just what sort of plot is this?” the chairman asked, as he opened it.
“Most Esteemed Chairman, we of Myrktilhet have followed this group of scoundrels for some time. The fist and star is the symbol of their subtle poison. They seek to unite the space colonies, and the revolutionaries. What you now hold is a detailed plan for an assault on this facility.”
A collective gasp stirred through the chamber, and Hir Thulsbek strode back to his honored position.
She cringed beneath his incriminating gaze.
“You may return to your seat, Korenzdit Fairpoole,” the chairman said, and he called an emergency break.
The council and Hir Thulsbek conferred across the monumental desk.
Lily leaned closer to Fru Haeveka, and whispered. “Is Hir Thulsbek of higher rank than the council?”
“Yes, he’s one of the three presiding officers of Myrktilhet,” Fru Haeveka said, close to Lily’s ear. “Our plans change, now. I'll contact the others, and you'll hear from us soon.”
Lily's world tilted again, much as it had the night Plumgrove was destroyed, or when they fled Weathermann’s Stand in darkness. She could only ride the current, the same which always drove her life along.
The haughty old men in the center of the room discussed her fate over their grasping hands, so assured in their power over others.
She wanted to see it all crumble down--the great leader, his society of oppression, and the elevation of people like Hir Weingert to respect and power. It took all of her strength to resist shouting her own worth, her rights as a living person, that she was as important as Hir Thulsbek, or even the Kaezer.
The chairman finally pounded his gavel. “We’ll adjourn for today. Take both defendants into custody, and apprehend all remaining suspects. The hearing resumes tomorrow, at the appointed time.”
She and Daddy were sent to a detention center, across the plaza from Polneitenzal.
To her surprise, they were placed in the same cell. Once the restraints were removed, and the door locked, she rushed into his arms.
Usually she was the one to cry, but it was Daddy who wept.
She held him tight. “We’re going to escape…”
He squeezed her arm and whispered. “Don’t talk about it aloud. They’ve put us together to monitor us.”
She nodded, and fell silent.
Anxiety plagued her through the night. The walls seemed to grow thicker and taller around them. She felt like one of the robots, a walking shell with hollow innards of cold and coiled metal. Her weary, addled mind quieted sometime before dawn, and she found a few precious hours of sleep.




Chapter 22



It stormed the next morning, leaving a muggy gray blanket of clouds.
Lily and Daddy ate a hastened breakfast, served by domestic robots. A squadron of troopers and drivers arrived soon after, and accompanied them to Polneitenzal.
The tiled entrance corridor stretched on forever. Daddy’s footsteps matched time with her own against the barren marble floor.
Her breath quickened. It was time to face the worst.
The hearing chamber consumed all warmth in its vastness. The council, the chairman, and the remote attendees watched her with morose anticipation.
Hir Thulsbek loomed in his flowing black trench coat, resting one imperious hand upon the desk.
A young man and a boy waited in restraints at the end of the row--Clarence and Ben.
Fru Haeveka was nowhere to be seen, though Daddy’s warden slouched nearby.
The harsh strike of the chairman’s gavel echoed. “The session resumes now.”
Hir Thulsbek took charge. “Esteemed Chairman, ladies and gentlemen of the council, we’ve captured two more of the offenders. Some of their comrades have eluded us, but the search continues.”
“Very good,” said the chairman. “You may begin the interrogation.”
They called Ben first.
He still wore his medic uniform, though he was missing the mask and cap. His tousled hair suggested he’d been through a struggle, or a strong wind. Regardless, his aquiline profile was proud.
“Civilian, state your full name and age,” Hir Thulsbek said.
“Benjamin Edmund Keene. Twenty-eight years old.”
“And your profession?”
“Medic.” Ben’s words were terse, bordering on insolence.
“I’ve been told that you’re Pruessian. Are you not Venyamin Schnegiryov, born in Knultenstad province?”
“Yes, sir.”
The room was silent.
“Your parents were killed in an accident, twenty years ago,“ Hir Thulsbek said. “Is this correct?”
“It wasn’t an accident.”
Hir Thulsbek gasped, in mock surprise. “It wasn’t, and I believe you know why.”
“My family was defecting to the space colonies, and our shuttle was shot down by our own countrymen. It was an assassination, ordered by Hir Kaezer himself, then reported as an accident to the public.”
Hir Thulsbek clucked his tongue, and shook his head. “What a shameful lie. A pity you’ve only been told what those swine in the colonies want you to hear.”
Ben clenched his fists, but remained silent.
“Your parents, specifically your mother, were known dissidents. Your mother was a talented artist, who designed many popular images for the great leader. I always wondered why she turned against us, as she had much potential. She published a series of treasonous media. When ordered to appear before the council, she fled to the colonies instead. At least, she tried. You know the laws and punishments as well as any of us, Hir Schnegiryov.”
“Please address me as Mr. Keene, my proper name,” Ben said. “My birth parents raised me with true Pruessian values. Not the slavery of the Kaezer, nor the prejudices of those who rule the colonies. It’s all madness, and it’s time to end it.”
“You confess so easily? Such a cooperative personality may help you, when you face the great leader. He’ll decide your fate, not I.” Hir Thulsbek ended the interrogation with a flick of his fingers.
The drivers pulled Ben away.
“Sprestok Fairpoole,” the chairman said.
Clarence shuffled forward, staring at the floor.
“State your full name and age,” said Hir Thulsbek, yawning as he checked his pocket watch.
“Clarence August Fairpoole. Ten years old.” He peered over his shoulder at Lily.
She winked, and blew him a kiss.
He looked a lot like Daddy at that moment, tall for his age, and with the same charming, exuberant smile.
The chairman pounded his gavel, and scolded them for violating the rules.
“Sprestok, you’re under suspicion of treason,” said Hir Thulsbek. “Do you know what this means?”
“Yes, sir,” Clarence said. “It means I believe in freedom for everyone on Earth, and the people in the colonies, too.”
Hir Thulsbek chuckled. “Ah, the words of a child. So pure and fearless, yet still they can be misguided. I’ve often wondered why the resistance continues. Let’s hear it now, from the perspective of innocence. Why do your people fight us?”
Clarence met Hir Thulsbek’s gaze with conviction. “It’s just how things are. I like the way my mother explained it. She said that we’re all a family, the family of Earth. Sometimes, families fight. But everyone’s connected to each other, no matter what.”
“You already have a family. Hir Kaezer is your father. And you may think of me as, say, your uncle. You’re an honest boy, I see this. So, tell me the truth. Do you believe as these radical traitors do, in the overthrow of your new family, and an alliance with the colonies?”
Clarence’s voice was clear and unashamed. “I do.”
It was enough. A confession was easily obtained from each of them. There was no reason to hide anymore.
Barely an hour was needed for the verdict. Everyone was found guilty, on all counts. The case had been appealed to Pruessia, by several officers, and they were to leave for Moskloberg immediately. A congress with Hir Kaezer awaited them there.
Only the most severe offenses were sent to the homeland. Lily remembered the live boxing matches, the great leader breaking the jaws and ribs of his detractors, and wondered how far this would go.
An armed squadron locked them into the hold of a transport van.
“I wish this was a better introduction to my homeland,” Ben said, with a sarcastic edge. “Pruessia is beautiful in the spring, though terribly misled in most other ways.”
Daddy chuckled. “I’m sure it’s a lovely place, filled with happy, smiling civilians like me.”
Ben watched the robots on guard. They didn’t respond to the laughter.
A moment later, he leaned toward Lily. “Listen. We have a plan, and you can help. Are you in?”
She nodded.
“I stole a few things from the infirmary before my arrest,” he whispered. “Look down, in my hand.”
He opened his palm slightly, revealing a glimpse of a small, red pill.
“It’ll make you sick for about thirty minutes, and provide a distraction for us. Swallow it. If you choose not to, I understand.”
She dreaded the idea of being sick, but she wanted to help. Pretending to sneeze, she doubled over, and took it from him.
The robots observed her for a few minutes.
When they weren’t interested anymore, she covered a yawn with both restrained hands, and swallowed the mysterious capsule.
She was fine, for the rest of the ride.
When the van stopped, and the door opened, her stomach churned.
“Move out, please,” the trooper shouted.
After three steps, the ground seemed to pitch. She fell to her knees and vomited.
Her mouth and nose stung, eyes watering.
The drivers pulled her to her feet, and held her by the arms.
She was able to walk, though her knees shook.
The airstrip buzzed with activity. She heard the distant hum of rotorcraft through the damp air, and two zeppelins drifted overhead. Dizziness welled in her, and she forced herself to look at the ground.
She stumbled up the boarding ramp of an enormous aircraft, the robots dragging her most of the way.
They pushed her into the dim, sparse cabin.
Daddy caught her, cradling her in his arms.
“Lily, what’s wrong?” Clarence’s voice seemed to echo.
She groaned, clutching her tortured belly, and threw up again.
The two troopers on guard swore, gesturing their disgust.
Ben stood. ‘I’m a medic. I can help her.”
The younger trooper looked at his older companion.
“I don’t care.” The older man shrugged. “Just be quick about it. And order the robots to clean up that mess.” He ducked into the cockpit, to converse with the pilots.
The younger trooper remained on guard, with two drivers nearby. He released Ben’s hands, and returned to his position at the front of the cabin.
Engines droned, warming for take-off. The cabin door closed, sealing them within.
Ben helped Lily to lay on the floor. He pressed his wrist to her forehead, as if taking her temperature. At the same time, he muttered next to her ear. “Be ready.“
She was feeling better, but she played along.
Daddy whispered something to Clarence, who nodded.
Clarence crawled under his seat, luring the drivers’ attention.
At that moment, Ben reached into his pocket, and withdrew a thin, glassy object. In one dash, he uncapped a syringe, and plunged it into the unsuspecting trooper's neck. The ambiguous drug took effect in seconds, rendering the man unconscious.
Daddy tackled the nearest driver, levering the steel of his restraint against its vulnerable neck joint. He wrestled it to face away, the tasers striking the wall like angry insects. With Ben's help, he found the activation switch, and they shut the robot down.
The second driver beeped, but didn’t react.
Stumbling and curses hurtled out of the cockpit, with the sounds of a furious scuffle. The older trooper returned, with one of the pilots in a firm hold, a pistol cocked and ready.
Ben grinned, and placed a hand on the trooper's shoulder. “Well done, Osreid. I wasn’t certain where you were positioned in all of this. But you impress, as always.”
“I was able to re-program one of the drivers before we left,” Osreid said, pressing his gun more firmly against the captive pilot’s head. “Too bad we can’t do the same thing to humans.”
The second pilot emerged from the cockpit. He laughed, and embraced Ben, with much masculine back-slapping. Then he removed his glove, and showed his fist. The tattooed star was boldly visible.
Ben displayed his own, and Osreid joined them in a patriotic shout.
“Seigh til Pruessia!”
The assimilated driver removed everyone’s restraints, and clamped them onto the two hostages.
Lily sat up slowly. The illness seemed to have passed, as Ben promised.
Daddy gave her a handkerchief to clean up with.
Minutes later, a distinct and familiar ringtone chimed from her inner pocket.
All eyes turned as she answered the wristcom.
“Hello, Lily,” Delia said. “Are you ready to come home?”




Chapter 23



Lily returned the wristcom to Ben, its rightful owner.
“Everything’s going as planned,” he said. “We’ve gained control of the aircraft, but we’ll have a hell of a time flying out of here.”
“We’re aware,” said Delia. “The Kaezer has some unexpected friends in that camp. They’ve been making things tricky.”
“It’s Myrktilhet. Hir Thulsbek himself.”
She laughed. “That pompous old rot, here to deal with us personally? I almost feel honored.”
“We don’t want the honor of facing him,” Ben said. “What’s next, in your elusive plan?”
“That was the old plan.” She tossed a stray lock from her face. “It’s changed again.”
“Again?” Ben’s voice wavered. “Do you know what you’re doing, my love?”
“Of course I do. Wait for the diversions.”
A loud explosion rumbled outside, not far away.
Defense sirens wailed.
“I assume that was one of them,” Ben said, with a dubious expression.
“Affirmative. Rulf and Ilse have planned a rather explosive party, to lure the enemy’s attention. Get off of that aircraft, and be ready. Ilse should be there any moment to pick you up.”
“Is there anything else we should know?”
“Yes. Stay alive. And, I love you.” She disconnected.
Ben stared at the empty space above his wrist, and sighed deeply. He hurried to the door, opened it, and deployed the ramp. “Let’s get out of here.”
The operatives declined to go with them.
“It’s another diversion tactic,” said Osreid.
They hurried outside, while the aircraft taxied toward the runway. Several squadrons of robots followed it, blaring security warnings.
The airfield was in chaos. Smoke and flames rose from a nearby hangar. Robots, troopers, and laborers dashed about.
Another explosion followed. This one was closer to Polneitenzal, atop the nearest hill.
She saw a bright flash across the sky, and a formation of aircraft flew over. They were fast, and chromed to blinding magnificence. The wings curved back, arching gracefully to precise tips. They shot skyward with keening engines, leaving the Kaezer’s rotorcraft and drifters behind.
“Space fighters.” Ben shaded his eyes with a hand to admire them. “Richard Blane has allied with us. I knew Delia could do it.”
Lily shared his excitement, but she also wondered why it had taken so long.
Ben’s wristcom hailed again.
There was no hologram, just a blunt female voice. “Meet me at the supply convoy, to the south of you.”
They sprinted across the asphalt, still soggy with puddles and littered with wind-strewn debris, and came to a row of parked transport vans.
There was a sharp whistle, and a woman hollered. “Over here.”
Shifting smoke obscured their view, but they hastened toward the waving figure.
Two motorcycles with attached sidecars waited for them.
Fru Haeveka sat astride one, wearing a helmet and goggles, and standard worker’s coveralls. “Get in,” she said.
Lily and Clarence climbed into her sidecar, and strapped on the helmets they found.
She pointed to the other motorcycle. “One of you must drive. I don’t care who.”
Ben seemed nervous. “Wouldn’t taking one of the larger transports be safer?”
“These were easier to steal.” She smirked. “And Miss Swann told me once, that you race motorcycles.”
“She told you, what? I haven’t raced since I was eighteen.”
“Just get on,” Fru Haeveka said. She wore a wristcom, and spoke to someone by audio only. “We’re on our way. Deploy unit six, to the southeast target.”
A man’s voice replied. “Unit six deployed. Estimated impact time, two minutes. Over and out.”
Rain fell, tapping against their helmets, and pelting the ground.
Fru Haeveka pointed to a large overhang across the runway. “We’re headed for the nearest sub-portal, over there. Hold on, and keep up.”
Ben rode, and Daddy took the sidecar.
With a few kickstarts and soot-choked exhaust plumes, the motorcycles sputtered to life.
Fru Haeveka dropped a heavy supply bag into Clarence’s lap. It was partially open. They saw a large gun within, and the assortment of knives and other sinister looking objects beneath.
Clarence tightened his hand around Lily’s.
Fru Haeveka accelerated, and dodged through a crowded area, with a sharp dart left, then a lean right.
Lily was glad the sick pill had worn off, as she had to hold on firmly. The rain misted her goggles. She wiped them with one sleeve, to keep her vision clear.
Ben and Daddy swerved beside them.
Ahead, a bunker suddenly burst into a cloud of fire and mayhem. The howl of the sirens was replaced by a rattling emergency alarm. They stopped at the mouth of the sub-portal for a moment, as the building formed a blazing pyre several stories high.
“There goes unit six,” Fru Haeveka said. “When Rulf’s toys meet mine, the blast is contagious.”
“Why are we going deeper into the camp, when we’re trying to escape?” Ben asked.
She gave a wild grin. “You’ll see.”
Daddy glanced over his shoulder. “Look sharp. Three walkers are headed our way.”
Fru Haeveka extended a hand to Clarence. “Fetch me the rifle.”
His fingers shook as he opened the pack.
Sensing the urgency, Lily reached around, and retrieved the weapon for him.
Fru Haeveka loaded the rifle with a strange, shiny bullet. “Keep your heads down,” she said.
They ducked, and covered their ears.
Fru Haeveka fired, then sped down the ramp after Ben.
There was a crash, and some stumbling sounds behind them, but the hydraulic hiss and thud of large footsteps still pursued.
Fru Haeveka spoke to her wristcom. “Rulf. Walkers, on our tail.”
The brash male voice returned. “Understood. Break for the far corner, launch seven. We’ll meet you there.”
The tunnel curved constantly downward and to the left. The motorcycles whined an echo against the smooth concrete walls.
Lily looked back, and saw that the walkers still charged after them.
They emerged into an enormous subterranean bunker. The ceiling was near invisible in the shadows above. Racing along a utility lane, they passed between two rows of huge, dark structures. At first they appeared to be buildings, but she glimpsed roadwheels and track alongside them. With a start, she realized they were the biggest vehicles she’d ever seen.
Fru Haeveka veered right, down a narrow corridor. She stopped, and helped them out of the sidecar.
A man rushed toward them, wearing a technician’s coveralls. Hir Volbergh’s amiable face and blonde handlebar mustache were recognizable in the flickering panel lights.
Fru Haeveka pointed to a nearby stairwell. “Take the children in there, quickly,” she said.
He took Lily and Clarence by the hands.
Ben screeched around the corner, and halted nearby.
“Follow them,” Fru Haeveka said.
Everyone pressed into the dim, enclosed passage.
Fru Haeveka knelt, with her rifle clasped under one arm. She removed a spherical black grenade from her belt, and pulled the pin. As the robots turned the corner, she tossed it, and dove into the stairwell.
The blast shook the walls and floor.
Soon after, dust and smoke drifted toward them, with the clatter of demolished metal settling to the ground.
“Well done,“ Ben said. “You’ve alerted the system to our presence.”
“It won’t matter,” Fru Haeveka said. “In a few minutes, everyone will know we’re here.”
“I don’t understand,” said Ben, frowning.
“There’s a supply base, about five miles east of the camp,” Hir Volbergh said. “That’s where we’ll meet with Miss Swann and the others. But first, we’re catching another ride.” He grinned, and drew his standard-issue pistols.
As the air cleared, they ventured into the corridor.
The walkers lay in heaps of char, with scraps of the motorcycles smoldering between.
“That’s how I deal with things.” Fru Haeveka said. “Nothing but a mess to clean after.”
They returned to the vast bunker, staying close to the wall, behind one of the large vehicles. There were at least a half dozen in this chamber. Each was about eight stories tall, and covered in fortified layers of steel armor. Hatches along the sides indicated that they were used as transports, and outfitted with heavy artillery. Colossal rows of drills protruded in ringed layers around a large one at the nose.
“Burrowers,” Daddy said, awestruck. “I’ve only heard about them. Entire cities fell before these monsters. They’re the largest robots ever built.”
“And now, we’ll drive one,” Hir Volbergh said.
“I wasn’t aware we have that sort of clearance,” said Ben.
Fru Haeveka lit a cigarette. “We have a new friend who does.” She whistled, and waved.
A thin man in an officer’s long overcoat approached. He lifted the brim of his hat, revealing his pointed features.
Ben shook his hand. “Hir Zilejager, it’s an honor to have you with us.”
“I’ve recently discovered that my colleague, Hir Gruendmann, is allied with your Fist of Heaven,” Hir Zilejager said. “Hearing his reasons convinced me to aid you, along with the fine examples presented by my peers.” He glanced at Lily and Daddy, and his expression held admiration. “I have something that belongs to you, Korenzdit. Krept 1A, come.”
The robot emerged from a nearby corridor, and scuttled toward them.
“Transfer.” Hir Zilejager returned it to Lily, with a single wave. “Fully armed and fueled.”
She smiled. “Thank you, sir.” Having Krept made her feel stronger.
“Let’s go,” Fru Haeveka said. “Our time grows short.”
They approached the nearest burrower.
Hir Zilejager placed his hand against the access panel. It lit, chiming green with recognition, and the adjacent portal slid open.
“I haven’t driven one of these since my early training,” Hir Volbergh said, joining Hir Zilejager in the open cockpit. “This will be fun.”
It was close to an earthquake in starting, but the immense engines soon settled into a steady retort.
They drove slowly toward a large ramp. It ascended at a gentle grade, with side passages leading to the surfacing chutes.
Hir Volbergh piloted, and Hir Zilejager spoke all of the necessary commands for navigation.
Lily realized these giant machines required a partnership--an operator, and a programmer to manage the system.
“Only a little further through these tunnels, then we’ll dig,” Hir Volbergh said. “How far to the perimeter?”
Hir Zilejager flicked a sensor-tipped finger deftly in air, his uncovered eye darting as he observed what must be a constant flow of data. “Just ahead. We must proceed at least seven hundred forty-nine yards upon our present course, to clear the barriers.”
Hir Volbergh yelled over his shoulder. “All of you, find a helmet. This will be jarring.”
When the time came to bore through the soil, everyone chose a seat, and fastened the restraints.
The massive vehicle angled upward, and the noise and vibration was unbearable. The helmet had ear protectors, which thankfully muffled some of it. After several agonizing minutes, they broke free.
“Offensive approach,” Hir Zilejager said. “Robots, off stern and overhead. Prepare to engage.” His voice was methodical as he recited swift lines of Pruessian code.
Hir Volbergh tossed a few switches along the control panel. The screens before him flashed with alerts and targets. “None can stop this transport,” he said, laughing. “They’re like fleas against the dog.”
It was a Pruessian expression, used when futility was amusing.
The cabin shuddered. Artillery collided with their armored sides, but only specialized ammunition would pierce it.
“You see, Mr. Keene,” Fru Haeveka said. “This is more efficient than flying an aircraft through swarms of drifters.”
“It’s clever. But, how far can this thing go?” Ben watched the screens intently. “Those robots aren’t going to leave off easily.”
“We can roll about five miles,” Hir Volbergh said. “Hopefully, we’ll have just enough fuel.”
“Incoming, north-east,” Hir Zilejager said. "Colonial land ships.”
“Our friends from space intervene again,” said Hir Volbergh.
They crowded around to watch.
Three vehicles rolled toward them, nearly as large as the burrower. Their broad, durable bodies tapered to a streamlined tail, with cannons and turrets reaching for the sky. They drove in the opposite direction, allowing the burrower to pass between their formation. There were several muffled blasts, as they fired at the enemy robots.
“There’s the base,” Hir Volbergh said. “Let’s take it up, as far she’ll go.”
Hir Zilejager redirected all systems to the new route, and they climbed the winding road.
A huddle of bunkers and supply silos stood on an isolated ridge. As they reached the top, they saw the ruined buildings. The space fighters had devastated this location, as well. Smoke and ash rose to the sky, casting a dark layer against the foreboding rain clouds.
There was a desperate sputter and lurch, and the burrower came to a halt.
“The fuel tanks are depleted,” said Hir Zilejager.
“Right on the doorstep,” Ben said. “A perfect delivery.”
“It isn’t over yet,” Fru Haeveka said.
“Are you expecting trouble?” Hir Volbergh asked.
“Call it an instinct. We should proceed with caution.” She strapped on a belt of knives and ammunition, and loaded her rifle. “I’ll survey the area, and return shortly. Keep this for me until I return, Rulf.” Handing her bag of weapons to Hir Volbergh, she stole out of the burrower, and into the shadows of a nearby building.
“Will she be okay by herself?” Clarence asked.
Hir Volbergh laughed. “Ilse works best alone. She’s one of the most sought-after assassins in the known worlds.”
“She worked as a double agent before Black Sky Day,” Ben said. “And now she fights for us.”
Lily remembered Fru Haeveka’s dagger, flung into the portrait of the Kaezer, and shuddered.
After a few minutes, Ben’s wristcom chimed. He answered, lowered eyebrows betraying his calm demeanor.
Delia appeared. “We’re positioned at the south end of camp. Water tower number twelve. Meet us as soon as you can.”
“Gather what we need, and let’s get moving,” Ben said.
They sheltered next to the service entrance of a partially collapsed bunker.
Krept followed, a gleaming contrast to the drenched black of their uniforms.
“There’s the water tower,” Daddy said.
“Stay close to cover,” said Hir Volbergh. He tossed Fru Haeveka’s pack over his shoulder, and drew his pistols.
After a sprint across a muddy thoroughfare, they ducked against the wall of another building. They stole across the remnants of the base, as stealthily as they could through the mire, until they reached the designated spot.
The water tower was part of a circle of similar collectors, raised on spindly supports high above the base. The Pruessian numeral twelve was painted across the side.
There was no sign of their allies.
Lightning streaked overhead, and Lily glimpsed movement in its flare. A figure beckoned to them from a nearby hangar.
Krept trilled in recognition.
“Delia’s over there,” Lily said.
Everyone ran to meet their long-lost comrade.
Delia was soaked, as they all were. but she seemed not to mind. She hugged the Fairpooles, and gave a warm greeting to Hir Zilejager and Hir Volbergh. Then she found Ben’s arms, and an eager kiss.
“There’s been another deviation of plans, but it’s for the better,” Delia said. “Follow me.” She pushed the hangar door open, and they entered.
The lights blinked under the wrath of the storm wind. It was nice and dry inside, though warmth seemed to be an impossibility in this ruined base.
An enormous freight shuttle filled most of the hangar. It was similar to others Lily had seen, with a curvilinear fuselage, propellers and wings unfolding in a polished arc. Rocket cowlings swelled out at the tail, aesthetically pleasing as well as functional. Most intriguing was the bold company logo on the sides, a swirl of white letters against a starry blue background. Honeysett Incorporated was an off-world freight and courier company, which everyone knew well. It had been a household name on Earth, before Black Sky Day.
“What's a Honeysett shuttle doing in a Pruessian supply base?” Ben asked.
“That’s what we wondered, too,” said Delia. “At any rate, it’s going to be our escape vehicle. The one we landed in was ambushed.”
Hir Volbergh coughed. “Ambushed?”
“We were attacked by enemy robots, and took cover here,” Delia said. “They confiscated our original shuttle, but then we discovered this one.”
As they boarded, Fru Haeveka rejoined them. “The enemy is here,” she said. “I saw two people, dressed in the uniforms of Myrktilhet. They dashed into the trees, but disappeared before I could stop them.”
“It doesn’t matter,” Delia said. “We’re getting out of here.”
Delia secured Krept into the cargo hold, then returned to Ben’s side.
“Something's wrong,” Daddy said. “This place is too quiet.”
“The enemy is up to something, undoubtedly,” Hir Volbergh said. “But we should launch anyway, as Miss Swann suggests.”
Delia’s comrades joined them in the cabin, two pilots and an armed female operative.
Lily found a place to sit, and buckled the safety restraints.
The ramp pulled up, and the door sealed. The shuttle taxied out of the hangar. Small, round windows allowed a view of the runway, and the surrounding trees bent violently in the gale.
“There’s something big moving over there,” Clarence said, as he peered through the rain-flecked glass.
It was impossible to miss. A large weapons platform camouflaged in branches emerged from the shadowy brush. About forty feet long, it rolled into position beside the runway, and a group of troopers surrounded it.
“It can’t be,” Ben said. “Thulsbek has a railgun, and it looks like he’s brought it out to meet us.”
Hir Zilejager frowned. “I’ve only heard of these weapons. An electromagnetic turret, capable of incredible range and velocity.”
“It’s the same way he shot down my parents and I, years ago.” Ben unfastened his restraints, and opened the cockpit door. He shouted at the pilots. “Stop the shuttle, at once.”
They halted, the engines still humming.
Hir Volbergh glanced at the bag of arms stowed beneath Fru Haeveka’s seat. “Ilse, do you still have the demolitions we were saving? And the emergency detonator?”
“Yes,” said Fru Haeveka. “But we need a carrier to get them close enough. It’s too dangerous.”
A sudden grin lit Ben’s face. “We have the perfect carrier,” he said. “Can you rig it onto Krept?”
Fru Haeveka laughed. “That’s an excellent idea.”
Delia paled. “I don’t like it.”
“Why not? It’s our only chance,” Ben said.
Hir Volbergh and Fru Haeveka huddled together on the floor, removing a small metal box carefully from her pack.
“Bring the robot, and we’ll finish this,” Fru Haeveka said.
Delia fetched her beloved machine. She rested a hand against its leg, and her eyes shimmered. “It’s like my child,” she said.
Ben put his arms around her. “You can build another one, and Krept will be a hero. Isn’t that what you designed it for?”
She closed her eyes, and sighed. “All right. Take it.”
Fru Haeveka attached the intricate cluster of wiring and explosives to the robot’s back.
They opened the shuttle door, and lowered the ramp.
A Pruessian voice yelled over a loudspeaker. “Come out, please. Surrender, and none will be harmed.”
Fru Haeveka flipped a small switch, and the device began a ticking countdown.
Delia waved her hand. “Krept 1A. Attack the turret.”
The robot beeped acknowledgment, and scampered outside.
Without hesitation, they rushed to secure the cabin, and prepared for launch.
Lily watched through the window, sharing Delia’s sadness.
Krept dodged between the flash of enemy fire, careening toward the railgun.
The rockets roared, spurring a powerful jolt forward, and they streaked down the runway.
A snaking column of smoke ascended with them, rising from where the railgun had been.
Everyone cheered, except for Delia. She stared out the window, her fingers pressed to the glass.
Daddy squeezed Lily’s hand.
She held her breath and shivered, remembering the time they’d crashed.
There was nothing to stop them, now.
The sunlight was blinding when they broke through the storm clouds, and joy lifted her heart as they soared into the limitless expanse of freedom.




Chapter 24



Earth was a beautiful sight from orbit, glowing blue like a precious sapphire gem. It was dizzying at first, to be so high, realizing that the ridged brown and green patches were towering mountains, and scorching deserts. The scattered clouds reminded Lily of a painter’s wispy brush strokes across the homeworld’s broad surface.
She and Clarence delighted in the novelty of weightlessness. They laughed and played, as they drifted around the cabin.
It was more disorienting for Daddy, with his blind side. Eventually he adapted, and could move about with care.
After a flight of several hours, the shuttle docked at an orbital station owned by Blane Industries.
The airlock whirled open, and four security officers in rust-brown uniforms greeted them. The company’s logo was displayed proudly across the bay door, a stylized sphere with a silver arc slicing around it. Blane Industries oversaw several divisions and services, but the majority of its business was in off-world mining.
They were escorted to a private boardroom. A long conference table of rare, costly wood stretched down the center. The outside wall was transparent, a tinted viewing window spanning the length and height of the room. It provided an expansive panorama of the dock they’d just arrived from, and the tranquil planet below.
A slim young man stood before it, silhouetted against the filtered sunlight. Hands folded behind his back, he watched the freighters and trade shuttles coming and going. He was young, appearing about twenty. His dark hair was oiled sleek, with a finger wave at the front. Sideburns tapered to needle-like points along the angles of his jaw. He wore a full-length coat over his suit, the upright collar spanning into a pleated geometric design down the lapels. His acute brown eyes swept over them, observing without lingering.
“Greetings,” he said. “I’m Silas, Mr. Blane’s eldest son. Please, have a seat. You all must be exhausted, after your harrowing journey.”
“Thank you,” said Ben. “We wouldn’t have succeeded without your father’s aid.”
Silas lifted his chin, his voice smooth and accommodating. “Blane Industries has always supported your cause, Mr. Keene. There were many hurdles to overcome, in persuading the colonial officials, but we can discuss this later. My father had urgent business on the Vestal Coil. We’ll meet him there this evening. In the meantime, please make yourselves at home.”
Several shiny domestic robots entered, bearing platters of fruit, cheese, bread, steaming pots of tea, and chilled carafes of water.
They partook of the appetizers graciously.
“I’ve prepared private cabins for you,” Silas said. “We have four hours until departure, and you may refresh yourselves as you like. I assume you won’t mind sharing with your children, Mr. Fairpoole?”
Daddy bowed his head and smiled. “Not at all. Thank you, sir.”
Everyone departed to their rooms soon after.
Fru Haeveka called to Lily in the corridor. “I have something for you. I almost forgot.” She reached into her pack.
“Tell me it’s not another bomb,” Lily said.
Fru Haeveka laughed, and presented the snowglobe Daddy had made.
Lily gasped. “You rescued it from the dorm. Thank you so much.”
“You’re most welcome.” Fru Haeveka laid a strong hand on her shoulder. “It’s been an honor to work with you, Korenzdit. Call on me anytime.”
Lily headed back to her cabin, and heard nervous laughter.
Ben and Delia were entwined, leaning against the entrance to her cabin. Delia moaned softly, clutching at the stiff black fabric of his medic uniform. “You have your own room, darling. This is a rather awkward…” She was interrupted by his kisses. “…time, and place.”
“I’ve waited more than four years,” he said. “Nothing can keep me from you.”
Fumbling, she reached for the access panel beside the door. It opened, and they nearly fell through.
Ben immediately closed it behind them.
Lily giggled. She was glad everyone could relax, after the hardship they’d endured.
It was wonderful to enjoy time with her family again.
Daddy was in the lavatory, taking a mist bath.
She curled onto the bed beside Clarence.
He grinned as he flipped through channels on the holovision. “This is great. I like it in space already.”
“I’m just glad that we’re together,” she said, and kissed his cheek.
A few hours later, they regrouped at the dock, and boarded the Blane family’s luxurious private shuttle. Like the company’s station, the ship was outfitted with expensive artificial gravity generators, making it more comfortable.
Lily and Clarence watched Earth through a window. They played a game to pass time, trying to guess geographical features.
Silas approached them with a curious expression. “It’s rather humbling, to see all of the homeworld through one window,” he said. “It reminds me how small things actually are, and how fallible. The Kaezer owns all of it, now.”
Clarence scoffed. “Not if we can help it.”
“Such spirit,” Silas said. “Do tell, as I’ve always wondered. Was the Kaezer really that uncivilized?”
“I’m not sure what you mean, sir.”
“His society is highly ordered,” Lily said. “And the laws are well-defined and enforced, if that’s what you mean by civilized. But you have to sacrifice most of your freedom.”
“Obviously. I just find it fascinating.” His smile tilted, one eye narrowing as he studied her. He seemed a brooding young man, his mind always searching, and planning ahead.
He made her nervous.
“Wow!” Clarence broke the tension with his excitement. “What’s that?”
“Your new home,” Silas said. “Welcome to the Vestal Coil.”
Lily never imagined it would be so big. A rotating cylinder, about twenty-five miles long, with three layers of rings twisting around.
Silas explained that there were seven hundred square miles of habitat inside, and over a million residents. It originated with the central torus, the largest and most crowded. Over the past few decades, there was an unforeseen population spike, and construction of the coil ensued. It wrapped about the axis in a spiral pattern, sparkling with countless lights.
“Let’s get to our seats,” Silas said. “We’ll debark in a few minutes.”
“He acts nice,” Clarence whispered. “But I don’t like him.”
“Neither do I.” Lily shrugged, and decided not to dwell on it. She was eager to see what the colony was like. Most people praised the quality of life here in space, and she had high expectations.
The shuttle drifted through a wide docking bay entrance. Thrusters rumbled, slowing their approach. The craft swayed as they landed, and the engines cooled with a piercing drone.
They accompanied Silas and his security escort onto an internal transport ship.
Enormous mirrors along the central axis reflected sunlight into all of the tiered levels. There was a constant, focused glow upon fields, streams, and rivers. It felt like flying through a tunnel as wide as Harmony Valley, and reminded Lily somewhat of her lost home.
They landed atop a high building, a cylindrical spire that glowed in the sun. Its central tower stood about thirty stories, with six smaller ones rising along the sides. They blossomed into white and silver terraces at the base, and the contrasting colors formed arched curls and chevron patterns across the ground.
It was disorienting when she looked up, accustomed to seeing sky, and saw instead the opposite side of the ring. Houses surrounded a wide, sun-kissed lake, where clouds and stars should be. A sweet floral scent filled the air. Birds glided upon the balmy wind. An ideal afternoon, in every way. She took a deep breath, and closed her eyes. There was a rhythm here. It was new, and mysterious, and she was determined to find it.
“Follow me,” Silas said. A display enhancement blinked alongside the round shaded lenses of his glasses. Ridged patterns of chrome splintered around the frames, an aesthetically pleasing way to access data. He flicked one gloved finger, and the private entrance before them opened.
Lily realized he must have more than one device embedded in his stylish attire.
They rode a lift down three levels, and passed through a busy, chattering office. An ornately carved pair of wooden doors waited at the far end.
Beyond lay a lush conservatory. Sunlight showered through the glass ceiling, caressing the exotic garden within. They followed a path tiled in oblong cuts of beveled stone, winding around a fountain. A triumphant bronze statue of a nude girl reached toward heaven, holding aloft a flaming torch.
It was a shame that such beauty existed for only a few to enjoy. Below on Earth, people struggled to survive, crushed beneath the fist of the Kaezer. Above, the citizens lived in extravagance, surrounded by soft, warm light and laughing water.
The atrium centered in a vine-laden plaza of white marble, encircled by lustrous brass columns. Three men and a woman sat before a round stone table. All were focused on the face of a young woman, dressed in a trooper’s uniform, hovering in the blue and silver image before them.
Silas stopped. “Wait here, for just a moment.”
They all paused, listening.
“This is a violation of our treaty,” the Pruessian woman on hologram said. “With your latest insult, as well as the aid you’ve sent to our enemies, Hir Kaezer is considering war with the colonies. This is your first warning.”
The hologram faded.
Silas tapped the side of his glasses. “Alert, Father. We’ve arrived.”
There came the pleasant, ascending chime of a wristcom. A genteel, silver-haired gentleman in a distinguished suit looked up. He saw their bewildered group of refugees, waiting at the trellised gate, and beckoned. “Please come in, friends,” he said. “We’ve been expecting you.”
“It’s wonderful to meet all of you,” said the woman. “I’m Johanna Stonecipher. This is Mr. Shahiro, Mr. Everton, and Mr. Blane. If you were privy to that little message from Hir Kaezer, then you know we have much to discuss.”
Mr. Blane explained that he was the head of an independent coalition, about thirty colonies allied with the resistance. This included the water rebels on Earth, as well as groups like the Fist of Heaven.
The leaders of the free world had fled to space after Black Sky Day, and the four people assembled here were among the most powerful that remained.
Mr. Shahiro was in charge of the off-world trade commission, overseeing all enterprise on the orbital colonies, Luna, and Mars. He was a shrewd looking man in a dark gray business suit, resting his chin on two steepled fingertips as he observed them.
Mr. Everton, a refined older gentleman, wore a military uniform of gray wool. Bands of polished brown leather crossed his chest and waist, with the stripes of an officer from the old regime pinned to his coat.
Ms. Stonecipher represented the scientific community. She was a highly respected engineer and researcher, whom Delia had often praised. Her brown hair was pulled into a tight knot at the back of her head, and she fidgeted with the long string of dyed pearls attached to her eyeglasses.
“Water is the most contentious issue among the colonies,” Ms. Stonecipher said. “My teams are studying the source of the contamination with all urgency. What we’ve uncovered, is that it’s a synthetic strain of bacteria. It was apparently released with malicious intent, as a bio-weapon. Our goal is to find a safe cleansing process, so that we can unite under one promise.”
Mr. Blane adjusted his rusted silk tie. “The contamination was likely not of the Kaezer’s design. The technology to create a bio-weapon originates here, as all of the engineering companies operate off-world. This points the finger at us, and gives the Kaezer an advantage. We’ve searched for the culprit who created the bacteria, but all of our traces have been fruitless.”
“We’ll catch the villain eventually,” Mr. Everton said. “At any rate, the Honeysett freighter you all escaped on will be valuable to our cause. We now have proof that certain companies are violating the regulations of the trade commission.”
Mr. Blane struck a fist against the table. “Families like Swann, Honeysett, Jaster, and Keene are corrupt, and seek only their own profit. The Kaezer has threatened us, as well. I’ll tell you what I think, my friends. If they want a war, that’s what we’ll give them.”
There was rousing applause from his cohorts, and several others.
Only one word stood out to Lily, and it made her cringe--war.
“Be assured that my comrades and I will fight with you, no matter the cost,” Mr Everton said.
“And likewise, the trade commission supports you,” said Mr. Shahiro. “We’ll apprehend and prosecute all who have defied the treaty.”
Richard Blane thanked everyone. “My wife, and youngest son, Castor, have founded a charity to supply and encourage the water rebels toward revolt,” he said, and gave Silas a peculiar smile. “The War is ongoing. It will consume all of us, above and below, unless we stamp out its root. It has choked and twisted its way through Pruessia for two generations. You all share first-hand knowledge of the conditions below, in the ration camps. I plan to fund a media campaign across all of the worlds, and I’d be honored if you contribute.”
An agreement was sealed that day. It was like a spark upon a bed of dry twigs. The scattered and undecided colonies were as volatile as tinder, waiting for something to set them ablaze.
Mr. Blane and his three companions formed an official council shortly after, and drafted a Declaration of Universal Rights. In his media drive, Mr. Blane referred to the collective of the worlds as the Family of Earth.
Lily and her family related their stories on various talk shows and news programs. Soon, Richard Blane had a resounding cry of support.
The revolution spread to every corner of Earth, within the Pruessian homeland, as well as through the ration camps.
It took two strenuous years, but the War finally came to an end, and a prosperous new society emerged.
After the Kaezer fell, a new government arose, and called itself the Administration. Richard Blane was elected the first Executive Officer, in a landslide victory. All of the worlds joined under one standard. Peace returned, for the first time in nearly fifty years.
Stonecipher discovered a way to purify the water. It still had to be rationed to the citizens, as it was a long and expensive process. Nevertheless, everyone welcomed the mandatory currency chip system, as it was a vast improvement over the previous situation.
Delia, Hir Zilejager, Hir Volbergh, and Daddy joined Stonecipher’s robotics institution.
Ben took a job as a medic, and married Delia in an elegant ceremony soon after.
Fru Haeveka went to work for the Administration, as part of their intelligence agency.
Lily and Clarence enrolled in school, and adjusted to their new lives.
Daddy took them for a visit to Plumgrove, about a month after the War ended.
Not many of the original buildings remained. A few houses still stood, with some of the orchards, and surprisingly, the old clock tower above town hall was unscathed.
Lily felt a sense of contentment here. In most ways, Harmony Valley was still her home.
No one could accurately identify the remains found after the bombing. Consequently, the locals had buried all in a mass grave, and erected a stone memorial.
Lily still wore Mama’s wedding band around her neck. It had always been with her, and had kept her strong, through all of the danger and pain. For some inexplicable reason, she felt it was right to leave it at the site. She dug a small hole at the base of the commemorative stone with her fingers, and buried the ring in the soft, still earth.
They returned to the Vestal Coil, solemn during the shuttle flight.
Clarence seemed happy to be back. He loved the colony, and the comfort it offered.
But Lily couldn’t deny that Plumgrove still called to her. She missed the Lookout, the limitless blue sky, and the chilled kiss of snow against her cheeks in winter.
It seemed Daddy did, too.




Chapter 25



The Vestal Coil
One year after the War

One week of finals remained, and then school would break for the interim. This meant a little more time to herself, but not much lessening in her workload.
Since her family had moved to the colony, Lily pursued an accelerated course, to prepare for Stonecipher’s entrance exams. As soon as she turned seventeen, she could apply. It was only a year away.
In the meantime, she had her family to care for.
All of them had busy schedules. Lily had her studies, Daddy his work, and Clarence his lively social life.
Sometimes it felt as if they rarely saw each other. They woke up, said good morning, and then hurried off to their different transit points.
Lily missed the days in Plumgrove. the simpler way of life, when everyone gathered by the hearth at night. Life in orbit was fast-paced, often hectic. Learning the rhythm was difficult at first, but she kept up, and found a way.
Music returned to her life, and saved her soul, the day she met Gilda Knox. They’d never spoken to each other, but had sometimes exchanged reserved smiles in passing.
Gilda was a strange, distracted girl in gym class, always tapping on her knee, and humming to herself. Most of the others thought she was crazy.
Gym was Lily’s last class. After this was three weeks of interim freedom, and time at home with Daddy and Clarence. She waved goodbye as her friends departed, and sang aloud while cleaning out her messy locker.
Gilda suddenly rushed in, her green eyes wide with awe. “Was that you singing just now?”
Lily was startled. “Yeah. Sorry if I cracked your eardrums.”
“Are you kidding? That was...wait a minute. Can you sing along to this?” Gilda placed a foot on the bench next to her, tapping her toe, and her fingers against her chest. The tempo was flawless, fierce, and catchy.
Though it was awkward at first, Lily sang along, making up the words as she went.
The music seemed to take form between them, gaining a life of its own. When it finished, they stared at each other.
“That was amazing,” Lily said.
Gilda tore off the battered trilby she always wore, her wayward auburn bob flaring. “Come to my house,” she said. “You have to meet my brother.”
Lily laughed. “We haven’t even properly introduced ourselves.”
“So sorry. Gilda Knox.” She extended a hand. Her fingertips were callused, voice excited. “I play bass. And my brother, Sammy, can wail on the trumpet like nobody. We’re trying to get a hook on this new jazz coming out of the central torus. We could use a solid vocalist to catch that sound. I think you and I were onto something.”
Lily called Daddy on her wristcom to let him know she’d be home a little late, and was meeting up with friends.
They took the metro-liner to the Knox house, a prim, fenced dwelling on the respectable Second Tier, Ring Three.
Mrs. Knox greeted them at the door. “Everyone’s waiting for you,” she said.
“Thanks, Mom.” Gilda grabbed Lily’s hand, and pulled her upstairs.
About twenty kids were gathered in the parlor, lounging on the plush old sofas and cushions decorating the floor. Lily recognized some of them from school, and she waved and smiled.
An auburn-haired boy shook her hand. He wore bright green suspenders that matched his playful eyes. “I’m Sammy,” he said. “Gilda’s twin brother. Are you new to the scene?”
“Lily isn’t a spectator,” Gilda said. A big upright bass stood in the corner. She reached for it, pulling her hat low, and spun the instrument expertly in one palm. “Let’s show them what we had earlier.”
All eyes fell on Lily.
Sammy surveyed her with a curious gaze, and slowly lifted his trumpet.
She’d never known stage fright before. But she froze, not knowing what to do.
The trumpet seemed to speak. It warbled and purred, in time with the relentless slap of Gilda’s bass.
The small but devoted audience cheered.
It caught Lily by the heart and gut, and she couldn’t resist it.
Sammy grinned, and swayed toward her. He played a rambling yet sultry measure, ending on a high, questioning note--an invitation.
Minutes later, she was singing as if it was all she knew. Not since she was little, making tunes with Nana, had music felt so right.
The Knox twins carried her voice. She frolicked around the thump of the bass, and flirted with the trumpet’s swirling blare.
No one could sit still. Several kids danced around them, in a frenzied, vigorous style she’d never seen before.
Even Mrs. Knox watched at the door with a proud smile, nodding her head in time.
From that day on, Lily was obsessed with jazz music. She bought every recording she could, and studied all of the emerging performers and ensembles with a scrupulous ear.
She also adopted the latest trends, and bobbed her hair to the ears.
Daddy didn’t like it. “It’s too short,” he said. “Looks like a boy.”
“Most of the girls at school have chopped theirs off,” she said.
He ran his hand through her black curls, and smiled sadly. “You’re growing up too fast. You and Clarence both. Just promise me you’ll be careful, Sunshine.”
She hugged him. “I promise.”
The interim break flew by faster than expected. School started again, and with it came the usual press of schedules and obligations. Regardless, she sang with the Knox twins every chance she got. After she finished her extracurricular time in the robotics prep lab, and on the weekends, she rushed to their house for practice.
They started writing their own material, and came up with a name for their trio--Lily and the Hard Knocks.
Once a week, they performed in the Knox family’s parlor. Kids from school swarmed to watch. Eventually, others did, too. Several university students caught word, and even a few parents attended on a regular basis.
They played every song with energy and abandon.
Performing was different than singing for herself, or her friends. Something came alive within her when she was on stage, something she was becoming. Or perhaps it had always been there, waiting for the right time to burst into life.
She learned all of the latest dance steps. The Charleston, the Shimmy, and the Liberty Jump were the rage. She didn’t consider herself an expert, but she could twist and tap her heels as well as most. In addition, she used her smile, and her eyes. Shoulders and hips could also express an attitude. It was always tasteful, but enough to flaunt. The crowd loved it.
Most of all, she enjoyed singing as loud as she wanted, and seeing the others dance themselves into oblivion. It was a release from the monotony of life in the colony.
They called themselves Jump Kids. An elite few, about fifty teenagers, formed their own scene. They were mostly restless art, philosophy, drama, and music students. Priding themselves on being the true fans of Lily and the Hard Knocks, they went wild with their appearance, and even wilder with their dancing.
All of the girls wore their hair and clothing short. Swinging, drop-waisted dresses were paired with accessories that moved dramatically. Hems hovered at the knees, or the daring inch above. Low-heeled shoes were buckled securely, to withstand the feverish steps. Jewelry and plumed headpieces sparkled as they twirled around their partners. They wore their makeup dark and messy about the eyes, bowed and precise around the lips.
The boys changed their looks more often than the girls. They favored plain buttoned shirts, with the tie dangling loose beneath a turned-up collar. Wide-legged trousers were rolled tightly at the knees, displaying socks of every vivid pattern and contrast. Some of the boys wore makeup, too. They smudged their eyes to near black, hair disheveled and frantic, trying to look rebellious.
Lily and the audience often danced together, as the dares extended to the performers. It sometimes lasted for hours. There was never a winner, or loser, just a spontaneous flurry of movement. Always trying to outdo their challengers, young bodies spun faster and leaped higher, until hair and clothing drooped with sweat.
The shocking fads and flamboyant attitude of the Jump Kids soon encompassed Lily. She loved the liberating short frocks, her legs and arms free to move. The adoration of her fans fueled her confidence, and strengthened her determination to get through each rigid day.
There was only one regret, that she still hadn’t told her family about her double life.
Daddy was suspicious. She wanted to confess to him, but she was afraid of how he might react.
The one time that he caught her wearing makeup was enough to make her wary. He’d forced her to wash it off immediately, and grounded her for two weeks.
Being away from the Hard Knocks was torture. She used the time to write more songs. Thus, it worked to her advantage in the long run.
One of the boys who followed the Jump scene was from an upscale ring, near the central torus. His parents were enthusiastic about the music, too. They opened a sizable, cleared-out wine cellar, for a few hours each weekend, and it became the regular venue for their performances. They named it the Veranda, and there was eventually more than a hundred people in the weekly crowd.
When Daddy found the sleeveless, fringed little black dress at the bottom of Lily’s school bag, he confronted her, holding it before her in one shaking fist. “What’s the meaning of this?”
She gulped. “It’s not what you think. I can explain.”
He sat at the table, and sighed deeply. “I’ve known about the jazz, and your friends, but there’s a lot more. It’s been going on a while, now. And you seem afraid to tell me.”
“It’s best if I show you,” she said. “Come with me tonight. You’ll see for yourself.”
“I should be angry, but I’ll come,” he said, smiling slightly. “Anything that’s gotten you this excited better be the cat’s mittens, or I’ll be disappointed.”
She laughed. “It’s not the cat’s mittens. It’s the cat’s meow, Daddy.”
“Is that so?” He grinned, and handed the dress back to her. “I’m pretty hopeless with the things you and Clarence say.”
She kissed his cheek, thrilled that he was coming.
Clarence canceled plans with his friends, and they all drove to the Veranda.
The street out front was cluttered with parked hovercraft and motorcars. It was the largest crowd she’d ever seen.
Daddy greeted the hosts politely, yet remained aloof.
Lily was nervous, but she couldn’t keep this from him any longer.
They went through the garden, then downstairs, into the cellar. The floor of the Veranda was a large terrace, built of gleaming tile. A mosaic of blue, white, and bronze arched in long bands along the ground. Tall, scalloped pillars surrounded the stage.
The scent of perfumed cigarettes and anticipation drifted to meet them. Some of the older university kids drank and smoked, which Daddy surely disapproved of. Thankfully, intoxication was seen as a hindrance to dancing, and was thus spurned by most of the Jump Kids.
Daddy insisted on being close to the front. He and Clarence mingled with the thin, eccentric teenagers, not caring that they stood out.
Show time arrived.
She took a deep breath, and stole one last look in her compact mirror, before she went on stage.
Her makeup was flattering against her smooth brown skin. The current trend was sloppy, but she’d opted for a softer look tonight, a golden tone that accented her eyes. She painted her lips, the lower slightly narrow, the upper into a kissable arch of rose and bronze. With a little tonic, she emulated a boy’s hairstyle, and shaped her bob into sleek, glossy waves around her face.
The Hard Knocks took their places soon after, and the applause was deafening.
The Knox twins always dressed in similar colors and styles for performance. Tonight, they both wore the suspenders and fedoras that were Sammy’s trademark.
Gilda started the madness, as always. Bass and trumpet wove a crescendo, building to the first verse.
Lily opened with a scat. She flung her hips to the beat, earning whistles and cheers. The tempo paused. She turned her back, and looked slowly over her shoulder, smiling at the crowd. Then the music crashed, with its celebrated punch. Throbbing against walls and idle bones, it cajoled even the most uptight bluenoses to dance.
She met eyes with Daddy and Clarence several times, and saw them smiling and clapping. Happiness filled her, as she cavorted through the last few songs.
At the end of the set, she turned to the twins. “Let’s do ‘Perfect World’, just this once.”
They’d only practiced it a few times, but Gilda and Sammy agreed.
“This next song carried me through times,” she told the audience. “That’s all they can be called. Some were good, some bad. But there was always one person at my side, and he’s finally here tonight. My Daddy.”
The audience cheered.
Daddy looked overwhelmed.
Lily sang with all of her heart, and noticed his eyes glistened with tears.
“Not afraid of the cold, dark night,
“You always helped me to find that light...”
This song had always been about Daddy. She realized it, for the first time, and her cheeks were also damp, as the show came to a rousing finish.
Later that night, he knocked at the door to her bedroom.
“I just came to say good night,” he said. “I’ve never seen you shine like you did onstage. You’ve been blessed with a marvelous talent. And it can take you far, if that’s what you want to do.”
“Thank you.” She hugged him. “I love you, Daddy.”
He kissed her forehead, then picked up the snowglobe on her dresser. He wound it, and they sat together, watching the array of metallic flowers and glitter inside of it.
“I made this for you, because of your song,” he said. “The one about the perfect world. You were always singing it when you were little. Hearing it tonight made me realize something.”
“What?”
“I just got to thinking. We can’t make the world perfect, but we can always make a perfect world somewhere.”
“I’ve tried to do that all my life,” she said.
Daddy tightened his arm around her. “Looking back, all I feel is thankful. I couldn’t be prouder of you, and your brother. You just keep singin’ and smilin’, baby girl. Isn’t that what Nana used to tell you?”
She giggled. “That’s it.”
“Well, now I’m telling it to you. You’ve a brilliant mind for programming, and an aptitude for robotics, but I believe it’s your music that makes you human.” He tapped her under the chin with his finger. “First thing in the morning, Sunshine.” It was how he used to wish her good night, when she was a child. And they’d wake together at dawn, to open their shop in Plumgrove.




Chapter 26



Thirteen years later
Plumgrove

An ocean flickered in the pale, blue-gray glow of her holovision. Orchestral music swelled to crashing waves, and hooves on sand. A young woman on horseback, beautiful and pale, galloped where sea and land met. Her silver-blond hair whipped about her face, matching the flow of the horse’s billowed mane. Slow motion emphasized their grace.
Lily recognized her as Ethlyne Blane, a famous actress who often appeared in these advertisements.
A man’s smooth, confident voice narrated. “For nearly a decade, Everblue has provided pure water, for all of the worlds.”
The camera zoomed out, to an aerial distance, showing the hoofprints left along the beach. They filled with water, and grew into lakes and oceans.
It expanded further, and showed the gleaming blue planet. Then, the narrator stepped into view.
Silas Blane.
“By protecting our resources for the family of Earth, we keep an ongoing promise of hope,” he said. “For our children, and for the future.”
He still looked as suave and refined as the day she’d met him, when they escaped the ration camp. Silas became the CEO of Everblue after his father died, about eight years ago. His face was now recognized across the Net, always smiling, and giving heartfelt speeches in these asinine commercials.
What she remembered most about Silas was that he unsettled her.
She sighed, and commanded the holovision to turn off. Though she’d decided to retire early, she was restless tonight.
She’d spent the afternoon in Chelworth, a city about two hours away, to meet with a client, if that’s what he could be called. The owner of a busy company had hired her to hack some private data from his rival.
The job had been straightforward, but risky, as always. She had ways to evade detection, to bait the Admin’s surveillance systems, but there were a few close calls in her past. She tried not to take illicit jobs these days. At least this one paid well. She now had enough credits to give Clarence a decent Yuletide gift.
She sat beside her broad parlor window, wrapped in her favorite wine-red silk robe with the oversized fur collar. As she sipped her hot herbal tea, she realized that her monthly water ration was low. She knew a few dealers, and could obtain some down at the H20 lounges, if needed. But it was precarious, like hacking.
Running a full-time robotics shop in Plumgrove wasn’t lucrative. It scarcely paid her bills, but this was where she wanted to live.
Winter had finally arrived, with the first flakes of the year drifting from a darkened sky. She loved to watch falling snow, and loved being home, in Harmony Valley.
The space colonies were so much like the snowglobe on her mantle. So beautiful to look at, even perfect, but they had no true snow. It only took a single crash to shatter the glass, bringing abrupt and fatal change.
She kept it on display, and looked at it every day. It was something Daddy had created, a testament to his genius and skill. Above all, it was something to remember him by.
A flu epidemic had spread through the Vestal Coil five years ago, and sickened thousands. Many never recovered. Daddy was one of the casualties.
He left a will, which had surprised both Clarence and herself. In it, he deeded them the house on the colony, and stated his last wish--to be buried in Plumgrove.
They laid him to rest in a quiet ceremony, near the Black Sky Day memorial.
Returning to the valley awakened something in Lily. She felt a long-suppressed desire for things forgotten, things lost.
She had been working as a programmer on the Vestal Coil, and playing regularly with the Hard Knocks, at several clubs on the central torus.
Losing Daddy changed everything.
Her job became mundane. She grew anxious, cried too much, and erupted in fits of inexplicable rage. Her stage life was also disrupted. Some of the clubs they worked at were of seamy, questionable repute. They were useful to her secret hacking career, in finding new clients, but the subversive lifestyle only enhanced her grief.
Two years after Daddy’s passing, she still felt empty. She tried to keep the routine, but all purpose crumbled away. She quit her job on the colony, broke up with her boyfriend, and told the Knox twins she needed to take a hiatus from music. Leaving her entire life behind, she tried to start anew.
She pooled all of her savings, and bought a house in Plumgrove. It was the old Tuxbury house, which she’d admired as a child, and one of the few that had survived the bombing.
A proud porch and white-washed eaves overlooked the many arched windows. She loved opening them all up, to let the sun in. There was a good-sized shop out back, where she worked as a freelance technician. Part of the original orchard also remained. Tuxbury plums were her favorite, and they were all hers, now.
Tomorrow was Yuletide Eve. Her shop was closed for the holiday, and she had a morning flight to orbit. She was going to spend the week with Clarence, Ben, and Delia.
She raised a finger, flicked it once, and her household robot strode to her command.
“I’ll be leaving the house to you, LX,” she said. She still talked to her robots, as if they were friends. It was what Daddy used to do. “Keep the custodian on daily inspection of the plumbing. I don’t want to come home to frozen pipes.”
“Yes, ma’am.” LX was a new type of domestic assistant. Efficiency was the most notable quality of modern robotics. The latest models operated on solar and battery power to get through a day’s work, and recharged well on a standard diesel-powered generator.
LX was a poor substitute for a social life, but robots never pressured her, or asked questions. Sometimes she preferred that.
Nevertheless, she was eager to see her family. She spent too much time alone, and knew it wasn’t healthy.
She rose the next morning, and packed her suitcase.
LX loaded it into the cab. Her robots would all stay home this time, as the mechanical fare was too costly.
Holiday travel was jumbled. Delays, frustrated employees, and screaming children annoyed her. Fortunately, she’d packed light. She endured a crowded four hour flight to the orbital nexus, and from there boarded her connecting shuttle to the Vestal Coil.
For the first time in weeks, she’d decided to dress up, wearing a loose-fitting black dress, tailored coat, and a matching cloche with a patterned band of sequins. She even wore makeup, which was rare these days. Lately, she struggled to get out of bed, slipping from her robe to her coveralls, and back again. If she wasn’t at home, or in the robotics shop, she was on the sofa, watching the holovision, or lurking on the Net. She rarely had visitors. People stopped calling when she ignored messages for a day or two.
She stepped off the transport, with her luggage on hover mode, and searched the crowd for any familiar face.
Then she heard a wave and shout. “Sis, over here!”
Running to Clarence, she found his hug. “It’s good to see you, baby brother.”
He’d grown so handsome over the years. At only twenty-six, he was working through medical school. He still looked like Daddy, but he had Mama’s dimples and laughter.
A pretty young woman held his arm. Reddish brown curls framed her heart-shaped face, beneath the brim of her buttoned hat. She blushed sweetly.
“This is my girlfriend, Tess,” Clarence said.
“It’s wonderful to meet you, Lily. I’ve heard so much about you.”
Lily shook Tess’s hand, and instantly liked her confident grip and genuine smile.
Clarence owned a commuter sedan, a compact, streamlined vehicle, which he was proud of. It was a short ride, to an affluent ring on Tier Eight. They parked in the gently sloped driveway, beside an immaculate row of hedges.
As they stepped out of the car, Lily pulled Clarence aside.
“Give me your hand,” she said, grinning. She tapped the center of his palm. Her wristcom chimed, followed by a trilled notification tone on Clarence’s, notifying a completed transfer to his currency chip. The Administration required everyone to install a chip in their fingertip or palm, since the end of the War. All transactions flowed through them.
Clarence’s eyes widened, when he looked at the message.
“Happy Yule,” she said, squeezing his arm.
“That’s too much. You can’t afford...”
She silenced him by kissing his cheek. “It’s not, and I can.”
“Thank you. And Happy Yule to you, too. I miss you,” He leaned close to her, whispering. “Have you been hacking again? Your robotics work wouldn’t earn that kind of sum.”
Clarence was the only person, besides Delia, who knew about her clandestine work as an accessor.
“A few jobs, here and there. But don’t worry, I cover my tracks. The Admin loses the beat, if I time my interludes right.”
He gripped her hand. “Please, be careful. I don’t like it. You promised me you were getting out of that trap.”
She laughed, but felt uneasy. “Of course I am. It’s just hard to say no, when people offer to pay well.”
“All right.” He nodded, but still looked sad. “I’m just concerned. You haven’t called me in two weeks. It’s not like you. And, do you realize I haven’t seen you in months?”
In truth, she hadn’t realized it. Time flew by, and her seclusion made each day and week bleed into the next. She felt a tinge of guilt.
“Come on,” she said, forcing a smile. “Let’s go inside.”
Ben and Delia had done well for themselves, in the thirteen years since the War. Delia was the director of a prestigious robotics design team. Ben had completed medical school, and became a doctor, inspiring Clarence to do the same.
The door opened before they could knock, and seven-year-old Stella skipped out to meet them. She was a beautiful child, with Ben’s dark blonde waves, her mother’s stark gray eyes, and possessing the vivacious wit of both her parents.
Clarence swung her around, and carried her inside piggy-back.
Delia and Ben met them with embraces.
Lily was happy to see everyone. She smiled, sang songs while Stella fumbled along the piano keys, enjoyed the spiced wine and home-baked treats, and the conversation.
Regardless, Delia noticed something was wrong, and cornered her when they were alone on the back terrace.
“How are you doing?” she asked. “It’s been almost a year since I’ve seen you.”
“I’ve been busy,” Lily said. “I don’t know where the time goes these days. Sorry that I’ve been a recluse.”
“I understand. How are things in Plumgrove?”
“Snow, and lots of work, but I love it.”
Delia raised her eyebrows. “Lots of work, and lots of friends, I hope. Are you still seeing the young man we met? That nice architect?”
“Gilbert? No, we split up. You know how things can be.” She turned away, and wrapped her arms around herself.
“You’re like a little sister to me,” Delia said, reaching for her hand. “I love you, Lily, and I can’t bear to see you like this.”
“Can’t bear to see me, how?”
“You’ve always been so full of life. But you seem troubled, now.”
Lily fidgeted with a button on her coat, twisting it as she stared at the ground. “I’m fine, really. Moving to Plumgrove is the best thing I ever did.”
“I see the sadness behind your eyes. You’ve secluded yourself for so long, and you’ve worn all black on your past few visits here. You can’t go on like this.”
“I’m not in mourning. But, thank you for your concern.”
Delia persisted. “You have to close that door, and move on. Your father was a wonderful man, but he’d want you to continue with your life.”
Lily’s sight blurred with tears. “Please, can we not discuss this? I’m trying to enjoy the holiday, and you aren’t helping.”
Delia removed her hand, and backed away. She took a nervous sip of her wine. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to offend you.”
An uncomfortable silence settled between them.
Lily regretted the sharp remark. She was grateful when Ben poked his head out the door, and broke the tension.
“I’ve got Stella ready for bed,” he said. “But she won’t sleep unless you read her a story.”
Delia smiled. “I’ll be right there.” She gave Lily’s shoulder an affectionate squeeze, then went inside.
Ben grew solemn, when he saw the tears on Lily’s face. He shut the door behind him, and joined her on the terrace. Standing beside her quietly, he watched the glittering lights on the other side of the ring.
“I always miss my loved ones during the holidays,” he said. “Especially those I’ve lost.”
“I’m a complete wreck,” she said, dabbing her eyes with a handkerchief. “You all must think I’m pathetic.” She buried her face in her hands.
Ben didn’t ask questions, or pry. He just hugged her.
As his arms closed around her, strong and reassuring, her sobs broke. The heavy pain of years, the loss which had formed into an immovable burden within her, gave way for the first time.
“The pain never goes away completely,” Ben said. “My mother and father were killed over thirty years ago. Sometimes I still cry, as if they died yesterday.”
“Thank you,” she said, sniffling. “I needed that.”
He brushed a stray tear from her cheek. “You’re not alone. Don’t ever forget it. We miss you. It’s good that you’ve found a home for yourself, but you can’t hide away. Life is waiting for you to step back in.”
“Yeah. I haven’t even set foot on stage in almost three years. Maybe it’s time to change that.”
He smiled gently. “Find what brings joy to your life, and pursue it. We’ll be cheering for you along the way.”
The household robot approached, with a serving tray in one effector. “Care for some mulled wine?” it asked, its electronic voice overly polite and eager.
They enjoyed a glass together, then joined the others inside.
Everyone drank a toast, to the coming year, to the blessings of friendship, family, and new beginnings.
Lily apologized to Delia, for snapping at her.
Kissing her cheek, Delia reminded her how much she was loved.
They played a Yuletide game, before they retired for the evening. It involved a set of fortune spheres, each the size of a marble. When cracked open, they revealed what lay in store for the year.
Everyone went outside at the stroke of midnight.
Delia placed the spheres into the empty wine bottle, and Ben tossed it into the air. It landed onto the terrace with a piercing shatter, and the fortunes rolled out at their feet.
They each picked up the closest one, and read it. According to tradition, as long as you kept it secret, it would come true.
It was just a silly game, but Lily was taken aback when she unrolled the little scroll in her palm.
‘Love descends with a song’.
It was more of a pretty saying than a fortune. Yet, somehow, it made her feel more optimistic.
A week later, she received a momentous call. A face she hadn’t seen in over a year appeared on hologram. “Gilda, how have you been?”
Gilda smiled, and tipped her hat. “Fine, thank you. I have a proposition for you. Sammy and I just got this amazing new gig. We’ve got a pianist, and a drummer, too. Sounds great. But the venue wants a vocalist. I know you’ve been out for a few years, but are you interested?”
It seemed like fate. “Yes. I’d love to.”
Things didn’t seem so dire anymore.
When she returned home to Plumgrove, she admired the snowglobe, a scene of beauty trapped in its fragile case of glass and gilded bronze. Daddy had been right. The world could never be made perfect, but she could make her own corner of it as perfect as she wanted.




Chapter 27



The Ruby lift
Six months later

A single spotlight fell onto the stage.
Gilda and Sammy began a steady pulse. Phil, the drummer, rattled a snare in time. The crowd was silent, enraptured, as Otto plucked a crisp, rolling intro across the piano keys.
The Steerage Lounge was packed for this ascent. It was to be expected, as most of the mining companies had recruited for the upcoming season.
“Good evening, to all you fine, hard-workin’ folks out there,” Lily said, and gave her most beguiling smile. The music continued, a delicious sound that moved her soul. She hummed along, angling a shoulder with flair.
The whistles and hoots were shrill. Someone yelled, “Get hot, darling!”
She and Sammy merged, brass and voice.
“Another day, another drill,
“Much more than time I wanna kill,
“Eighteen months driftin’ out in the can,
“Hope I dig enough to please the boss-man.”
A little blues mixed with signature Hard Knocks jazz surged across the room.
The audience pressed forward. They were brave men and women, most of them headed for dangerous, long-term missions in undesirable parts of the solar system.
She understood their determination and sacrifice, and they had inspired much of her latest songwriting.
After the show, she enjoyed conversing with the miners. Despite their often boorish manners and appearance, they were usually honest, friendly people. The lucky ones worked on the Moon, or Mars, near the colonies, and civilization. It was the asteroid miners who were the toughest, and the most interesting to talk to.
Sammy had secured this gig, and they now played twice a month aboard the Ruby lift, the largest space elevator operated by the Royal Crown Orbital Plaza and Resort. Only Luna could boast anything near its off-world luxury.
Five gem-themed elevators carried passengers and cargo between Earth and the hotel. Most of them had three levels, such as the Emerald, and the posh Sapphire lift. But the Ruby had four, offering a steerage option. The reduced fare attracted the miners, who wanted to enjoy a few hours in comfort, before leaving for their missions around the Belt.
The Steerage Lounge was themed red, like the rest of the lift. It could accommodate a few hundred people at a time. The stage faced an elegant full-service bar along the opposite wall. Red neon accented the columns and arched doorways. Lights stayed dim and ambient, fanned sconces glowing a flushed shade of scarlet toward the ceiling.
She met Sammy and Gilda near the stage door.
Gilda paid Lily her share of the night’s earnings with the tap of a fingertip. “You were smoldering tonight, Lily. These new songs of yours...man. They grab you by the gut.”
She smiled. “Thank you. I just wish they paid a little more.”
“I know how you feel,” said Sammy.
Gilda cocked her head. “The robotics work is still slow, I take it?”
“Unfortunately, yes. I’m looking for a day job. But don’t worry, I’m not leaving the group.”
How easy it would be to take another access run. Financial troubles would be solved, but trouble with the law intensified. She’d recently had another close call with the Admin, and she needed to wait, until the heat dissipated from her data trail.
She wanted to stay with the Hard Knocks, as well as keep her house on Earth. To do so, she needed to find honest work in her field. However, the thought of going back to programming work, sitting in a sterile, mind-numbing office all day, made her want to scream. She was restless, and craved a challenge.
She stayed at the Steerage Lounge later than usual, to finish her drink.
From behind the bar, she heard a strange noise. It sounded as if someone were dropping a penny, and picking it up repeatedly. She peeked around, and saw the bartender unit, and a general engineer. Both robots had the red chromed and embellished casings common to all of the mechanical staff on the lift.
She noticed the bartender had lost a bolt on its upper arm.
The engineer unit held a replacement in one effector, and tried in vain to attach it. It dropped and tried again continuously. Corporate robots such as these weren’t usually allowed to maintain each other, and Lily wondered if there was a malfunction.
“Engineer, let me help,” she said, using a generic identifier to avoid confusion.
The robot observed her, and stepped back. It offered her the part.
It was the right size, it just needed to be cleaned some. She scraped off the excess oil and grime with a hairpin, and then twisted the bolt into place.
The engineer tightened it, and the bartender moved its arm about, testing.
Both robots addressed her in their stiff, electronic voices. “Thank you, ma’am.”
“Shouldn’t your technician inspect this unit?”
The robots shifted a moment, emulating human uncertainty.
The bartender was of course the one to reply. It was programmed to engage in light conversation with its guests, and possessed a higher quality speech replicator. “This is a vacant position aboard the Ruby lift. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply at the Royal Crown Orbital Plaza and Resort hub, Net link ‘Employment Opportunities’.”
The lift appealed to her. Red was her favorite color, but it was more than the aesthetic touch. She couldn’t explain why she loved it here, but it affected her music. Her performances in the Steerage Lounge were the best of her life thus far.
She applied immediately, and received a call the next day. After a brief but informative conversation, she set an interview time with the General Manager of the hotel, a man named Mr. Cunningham.
She wore a plain, gray wool skirt, with a matching coat, and a practical hat. It was a rough job she applied for, but she still wanted to look proper.
Mr. Cunningham was a short man with round wire spectacles, which made his blue eyes seem too large. His bellowing voice demanded attention, in spite of his diminutive stature. He wore a well-tailored coat and tails, his sequined tie glistening under the meager office lights.
“Miss Fairpoole, it’s wonderful to meet you,” he said, offering her a comfortable desk chair. “I’ve looked over your impressive credentials, and I must say I expected someone more...rugged. Not such a pretty young lady as yourself.”
“Thank you, sir. I tend to surprise people with my abilities.”
“Indeed.” He scanned what must be her resume, sweeping a finger across his desk panel to access the next column. “So, I see that you’re a graduate from Stonecipher’s programming institute, and an experienced robotics technician.”
“Yes, sir. I’ve built and repaired robots since I was six years old. I started programming at a young age, too.”
“You have the perfect skills for this position. I might even say that you’re overqualified. I hear you’re a singer in the Steerage Lounge, as well?”
“That’s correct.”
He cleared his throat. “And what is your opinion of the Ruby lift thus far?”
“It’s lovely,” she said. “I’ve met a lot of interesting people, and everything seems well-managed.”
“The Ruby is our largest and most active lift. It’s unique, and thus unique situations arise there. The job requires tremendous flexibility, multi-tasking, and a commitment to teamwork.”
“All that’s to be expected,” she said. “I’ve adapted to many different scenarios in my career.” After her time in the ration camp, the stronghold, and the colonies, very little surprised her. Of course, she kept these details to herself.
“I’d be a fool to turn away someone of your caliber,” Mr. Cunningham said. “If you’re so obliged, the position is yours.”
She smiled, and shook his hand. “Absolutely, when do I start?”
It began with an intensive training course, which lasted six weeks. She was anxious to learn about Zora, the vast and intricate system owned by the Royal Crown. She also had to earn the various safety licenses required to work in space.
Mr. Cunningham kindly allowed her performances to continue while on shift. As long as she was on-call, and on break time, she could sing as much as she wanted in the Steerage Lounge.
Her uniform was a set of red coveralls, trimmed in black. The star and crown logo of the hotel was embellished on a patch over the heart, and across the back. As she was fond of red, she already owned a matching headband, to keep her reluctant black curls out of the way.
The hotel paid for all of her work-related travel and commute fares. It was a four hour journey from her house to the spaceport city of Malewai, on the coast of Indolasia. Located on the equator, to give proper geosynchronous alignment to the lift cables, it was a hot and muggy place.
She met Mr. Cunningham at an administrative office in the city, near the waterfront. A refreshing ocean breeze accompanied them, as they flew to the immense floating platform upon which the lift docked, about a mile offshore. Overlooking the skyline, the glowing red shafts of enormous lasers stretched upward, as far as one could see. These provided some of the power used to propel the climber vehicle.
The Ruby lift itself was designed to withstand the rigors of environment and wear. A series of robotically-maintained nanofiber cables provided the track for the durable, torus-shaped climber. Boasting the most advanced gravity generators, an innovative propulsion system based on solar, electric, and laser power, and swanky decor within, it was a nice alternative to a hectic shuttle ride. For about the same fare, it provided a small but private cabin, room service, and a helpful staff. The Royal Crown prided itself on the extended level of hospitality.
Mr. Cunningham escorted her to the boarding area.
As soon as they entered the lift, a full hologram of an attractive young woman appeared. Her smile was dazzling, with lipstick far too red for a real face. A pert blonde bob curled about her ears, and her red uniform and pillbox hat were trimmed in shiny rows of brass buttons.
“Good day, Mr. Cunningham, and Miss Fairpoole,” the avatar said.
“Good day, Zora,” Mr. Cunningham said. “Please alert Mr. Marlow that we’ve arrived.”
“Right away, sir.” The avatar faded as quickly as it appeared.
“As you’ve seen, we always greet our guests, employees, and robotic staff by saying, ‘good day’, instead of ‘hello’,” Mr. Cunningham said. “It conveys the enthusiasm and commitment to service the Royal Crown is known for.”
She wasn’t convinced that it sounded more enthusiastic, but she’d do whatever was necessary for the job.
The crew had already gathered, and waited for them in the lobby. There were three men, and two women. The rest of the staff was robotic.
“I must return to shore,” Mr. Cunningham said. “Mr. Marlow, I’ll leave the introductions and orientation to you.”
Lily exchanged glances with her five new co-workers, nervous beneath their scrutiny.
A dark-haired man stepped forward, and shook her hand. “Welcome aboard, Miss Fairpoole,” he said. He had a warm, reassuring voice, in contrast to his impeccable appearance. “I’m Walter Marlow, the director of operations.”
He was one of the tallest men she’d ever seen, well over six foot, and dignified in a black tuxedo jacket. His waistcoat, bow tie, and cufflinks gleamed red. Two golden pins adorned his lapels, the crossed keys of his concierge position. He looked about thirty, close to her own age.
Mr. Marlow introduced her to the others.
Mr. Randall Paynter, the director of security, was an older man, rigid in his black and red uniform and tall, shiny black boots. He studied her with scheming, steel-gray eyes, grumbling under his breath.
The onboard medic was Mrs. Beatrix Colby. A petite woman of about forty, with a smile that was neither detached, nor overly kind.
Mr. Francis Wetzel, head chef and events coordinator, was a jittery, middle-aged fellow. He sported a peppered mustache and an anxious grin.
Finally, there was Miss Ruthie Gale, the head housekeeper. She was surely a young flapper when not at work, her makeup a shade too dark for hotel standards. Wavy black hair was barely restrained beneath her lacy red and white cap. She tilted her head, and pursed her lips before she smiled.
“We have two hours to boarding time,” said Mr. Marlow. “And we all have a training module to complete today. Orders from the top.”
There was a shuffling murmur from everyone.
“Let me guess,” Mr. Paynter said. “It’s about the new sentries.”
“Yes, and I’m sure you’ll be thrilled. We’re required to watch the introductory video before we launch. You’ll all find a message from Zora, with the correct link. I want your standard reports on time, as always. Follow me, Miss Fairpoole.”
He led her across the lobby, and up a short rise of steps, toward the concierge area. A trio of polished desk agent robots waved their segmented arms in greeting.
“Good day, Mr. Marlow,” they chirped, in an identical feminine voice. They resembled trendy young women, their sparkling, streamlined bodies cast in ornamental red chrome.
“Good day, ladies,” Mr. Marlow said. “Begin a status scan, please. Compile and organize all guest lists and special requests for the ascent. I’ll be in orientation with Miss Fairpoole. Alert me if anything needs my attention.”
“Yes, sir.” They strutted to begin their assignment, with the attentive whirr of sophisticated actuators. All of the robots on the lift were of the latest service models, and in excellent condition.
Mr. Marlow entered a security code beside a private entrance, then bowed his head politely. “After you, Miss Fairpoole.”
“Thank you, sir.”
Many men seemed to have forgotten manners and chivalry. She scolded Clarence about it often, much to the delight of his girlfriend. So far, Mr. Marlow was a pleasing example.
They entered a small, partitioned room, just behind the concierge area. A desk and display panel took up most of the center, though there was enough space for a pair of oversized file cabinets, and three office chairs. Everything was tidy and presentable, despite the compact accommodations.
He settled behind the desk, and offered the adjacent seat to her. “We’ll confirm all of your security clearances within Zora, first. Then we‘ll watch this insightful training video together.”
After several minutes of entering her personal information into the database, he activated the holographic display over the desk. “Have you ever worked with the Sentry Model 5G before?”
“I’ve read about them on the Net, but they’re new to me.”
“They’re new to all of us,” he said, with a sigh. “And that can mean a lot of things.”
A holographic presentation began, with flashing text and a chipper male voice. “Welcome, to our exciting new development in security and surveillance robotics.” The video bragged for at least twenty minutes about the sentry’s innovations.
Mr. Marlow rested his chin on his hands, leaning against the desk. He seemed attentive, but not overly impressed.
“When confronted with a potential hazard, the Sentry 5G responds with wondrous features,” the narrator said. “Watch as this shady intruder attempts to break and enter.”
An actor in a broad black hat appeared, his eyes shifty over a long draped cloak, the most contrived villain imaginable.
She snickered, and Mr. Marlow gave her an amused look.
The sentry deployed a sturdy retractable shield in one arm, and a high-powered plasma gun snapped into place on the other. It approached the criminal with sure, heavy steps, and raised its weapon. “Halt, intruder. Identify yourself.” The harsh electronic voice was intimidating.
The robot cornered and restrained the assailant.
At that moment, a flash of chrome and silver fur streaked across the desk.
Lily cried out, startled.
A big gray cat in a shiny robotic exoskeleton paused before the hologram, and swatted a paw through the image of the bumbling trespasser.
Mr. Marlow extended his hand, and the cat bumped against his fingers. It purred loudly, and stared with smug, half-lidded blue eyes.
“This is Mr. Vincent. The mascot and general manager of the lift,” he said.
Lily had rarely spent time around cats. She didn’t dislike them, but didn’t have a reason to like them, either.
The peculiar animal approached her, twitching the tip of its slender tail.
“Good day, Mr. Vincent,” she said.
The cat rubbed a soft, whiskered nose against her fingers.
Mr. Marlow smiled. “He’s an excellent judge of character. I’m glad that he likes you.”
The training video ended with a vacant jingle. Neither of them had watched the last several minutes. She was nervous for a moment, as Mr. Marlow was her boss, and she’d neglected a job requirement.
He didn’t seem to mind, waving the hologram away, and a chiming sound lit his wristcom. “There. Now we’re both certified experts.”
‘I’m sorry for laughing at it,” she said.
“I doubt any of the crew will take it seriously,” he said. “If there’s one thing you’ll learn aboard the Ruby, it’s that everything is a matter of perspective. We have our priorities, and our obligations, but things happen as they will. And we must often handle them in a rather…spontaneous manner.”
“I see.”
“You will, surely. In my experience, the descents are the most demanding. Though I can’t begin to guess why.”
They left the concierge desk, and proceeded down a bending corridor. He showed her to the engineering office, and the adjacent maintenance shop.
It was small, but all of the programming hardware was new. The maintenance tools hung in organized rows along the workbench.
“I must be back to the desk, as we board within the hour,” Mr. Marlow said. “Take all the time you need to get comfortable, and familiarize yourself. I do hope you find the Ruby to your liking.”
“Thank you kindly, sir.”
He left with Mr. Vincent trotting at his heels.
As Mr. Marlow suggested, she peeked around her work space, to find where things were kept. She investigated her access and display equipment, and the tattered guides and manuals on the reference shelf. Some of it was outdated, but it might prove helpful in a pinch.
Boarding for the ascent began right on schedule. It was exhilarating when she coordinated the launch sequence and protocols with Zora. She’d never worked with such a complex and dynamic system, and there was still much to learn.
Though Mr. Marlow had hinted at the unpredictable nature of the lift, her first shift was routine.
They docked at the anchor platform in orbit, twenty hours later.
The guests disembarked first, and took the waiting shuttles to their various destinations.
Lily filed all of her status reports, as Mr. Marlow had shown her, and inspected her fleet of robots. Once she was certain all was secure, she shouldered her carry-on bag, and hurried to join the others on the employee flight.
Less than an hour later, they arrived at the Royal Crown. She checked into her courtesy room, bathed and changed. Then, she called Clarence.
His face appeared, excited to see her. “How was your first day on the job, sis?”
“Good, thank you. There’s a lot to learn, but everyone’s very nice. And I think it’ll be challenging enough for me.”
He laughed. “I’m glad to hear that. Would you still like to meet for coffee?”
“Absolutely. The usual place, two standard time?”
“Sounds great. See you there.”
The one hour flight to the Vestal Coil went by quickly. Her life was a constant shuffle of connections and layovers. Moving back to the colonies would simplify her travel, now that she’d be spending so much time on the Ruby lift. But she loved her house in Plumgrove, and could never leave it.
She boarded a commuter craft, once she arrived at the colony. A window seat granted a lovely view of the scenery, while the resonant hum of the rotors calmed her mind. Looking down, the nostalgic sprawl of the central torus unfurled along the sides of the ring. Exalted, curvilinear towers of glass and sparkling marble, with their many tiered lights and textured edifices, jutted upward like welcoming hands. Busy lines of surface traffic flowed beneath the gleam of the reflected sunlight.
So many lives were bound together, in this giant container of glittering shields and metal. She closed her eyes, as memories both joyous and bittersweet flooded her mind.
Clarence met her at a small bistro, along one of the busier thoroughfares on the central torus. It was close to the clinic, where he served his resident care requirements for medical school, and was a convenient drop from the shuttle dock for herself.
He still wore his scrubs, and looked fatigued after a long shift, but he had a contagious smile.
She hugged him, and kissed his cheek. “Look at you, the sun just might as well be shinin’ for you alone today. What’s got you so excited?”
He took her by the arm, and led her to an open table. “Let’s sit down. I’ve got something to show you.”
They ordered some coffee and refreshments, then Clarence pulled a tiny, ornate box out of his pocket. He opened it, and proudly displayed the golden ring inside.
She gasped. “Are you serious?”
“I am,” he said. “I love her. I know we’ve only been together for a year, but Tess means everything to me. I’m going to propose tomorrow.”
She hugged him. “I’m so happy for you. You’ll call right away, and tell me what she says, won’t you?”
His grin was bashful, as he put the ring away. “You bet I will.”
The time came to say goodbye, and her flight to the Royal Crown was quiet.
Her baby brother would likely soon be a married man.
Edging at her joy was an emptiness she hadn’t felt in a long while. It felt like she was searching for something, and still hadn’t found it.
For three years now, she’d been single. Gilbert, her last boyfriend, was an architect. He’d been nice looking, and treated her right. She called it off when she moved back to Earth, telling him that she was bored with their relationship. It was a harsh reason to end things, but it had been the truth.
She sighed quietly, as the shuttle looped toward the Royal Crown.
There were many things to be happy about, now. Her loved ones always inspired her to start anew.




Chapter 28



Mr. Marlow held the usual crew briefing in the lobby, before the next shift started.
“This should be a fairly routine descent,” he said, hands clasped behind his back. “We have two junior gymnastics teams aboard. Thus, the third level guest cabins are overrun with teenagers. Let’s hope they stay out of trouble. Mr. Wetzel, the Ballroom will need to be prepared immediately, as the Owens-Carpenter wedding party has bumped their event start up to eight standard time.” He paused, looking about. “Are there any other concerns?”
Mr. Wetzel cleared his throat. “Sir, if I may. The wedding party added an extra thirty guests to the roster, but we only ordered enough Detreaux Springs water for the original count. Whatever should we do? I’ve searched every vendor, to no avail. It’s a disaster.” He looked as if the entire world had collapsed onto his shoulders.
“Leave it to the concierge, Mr. Wetzel.”
“But…”
Mr. Marlow raised an authoritative palm. “I’ll handle it, thank you. Very well, you all know what to do. Let’s get started.”
Lily went to her office, reclined in the comfortable leather chair, and crossed her ankles on the desk. She filed her pre-launch reports through Zora, with a few simple voice commands. Then she relaxed for several minutes, watching the screens before her. These panels displayed the status of every robotic network on the lift. Zora maintained almost everything, which made the drudge work easy. She was accustomed to managing entire systems on her own, from her previous work with Hir Zilejager and Delia.
The robots handled the mundane duties, like plunging toilets and fixing appliances. A fleet of thirty engineer and custodian models were all at her command.
This is looking pretty good, she told herself.
Barely an hour after launch, she received a call from security.
She answered, in her most professional tone. “Good day, Mr. Paynter. How may I be of assistance?”
“Good day to you, Miss Fairpoole,” he said, with a little too much cheer. His features were lined and weathered on hologram.
“And, how may I assist you, sir?” It felt awkward to repeat herself.
“I’ve got a job for you. One of the new sentries. Big surprise there, right?”
She sighed. “What seems to be the issue?”
“Erratic behavior on patrol. We pulled it from duty, and I’m sending it to you for inspection.” He tipped the brim of his hat. “By the way, it’s nice to have another pretty face around here. Over and out.”
What an odd man. She was glad when the malfunctioned sentry and its robotic escort arrived without their human supervisor. Robots were always easier to deal with than people.
She brought it into the shop, connected her display and the spray of filament cables. Speaking her interface commands, she accessed within seconds. The new technology didn’t require fingertip sensors, but she wore them anyway. They provided higher accuracy, and it was how she’d always worked.
To her dismay, Mr. Paynter arrived to check on the status of his robot. She would have preferred him to call.
He waved the two sentries beside him away. “Return to patrol.”
“Yes, sir,” they said in unison, and trudged out the door.
She removed her display visor to face him. “I haven’t found anything specific yet, but there’s a string of suspect code in one of the core files. I’m tracing it. It’ll just take a little longer to identify the source.”
His eyes widened. “Damn. You actually know what you’re doing. Not like that last sap we had in here.”
“What do you mean?” Curiosity burned, though she hated gossip.
“Best way to put it is, he couldn’t handle the rigors of your position.”
“Did he quit, or was he fired?”
“Neither,” Mr. Paynter said. He pulled a cigar out of his pocket, lit it, and puffed a fine circle of pungent smoke. “On his last descent, he just snapped. He ran into a convention dinner in the Ballroom, bare as the day he was born, and leaped through one of the crystal partitions near the lounge, laughing the whole time. The looney busters took him away in a straitjacket, right after we landed.”
“Is that the truth, or just hearsay?”
“Documented and filed. Why would I lie about something like that?” He ashed his cigar onto the floor.
She was annoyed, but also shocked. “I believe smoking is against hotel policy.”
He shrugged. “Mr. Marlow’s reported me so many times for it. I’ve never been disciplined. No one gives a flying crap, and you’ll discover it pretty quick. The ones who’ve been with this company longest, are the ones who care the least.”
“I don’t share that sentiment.” Anger sharpened her voice. “You’re making a mess around sensitive equipment. Please, leave. I’ll send you a full inspection report upon completion.” She put her display on, and turned her back to him.
“Heh.” His footsteps retreated to the door. “So, you’ve got beauty, brains, and balls. That’s a wicked combination.”
She bit her lip, to stifle her insolent reply, and breathed a sigh of relief when he was gone.
Mr. Paynter was crass and infuriating. It would be difficult to curb her temper around him.
She focused on the task before her, navigating through the complex structures and columns within the sentry. It was a tedious approach, but foolproof. She wished she had her adapter. With her hacking skills, this would be over in minutes.
The thought of breaking into a complex system like Zora was tempting. It would require a team of synchronized accessors, and the most advanced hardware, but it would be a thrill.
“Let’s get a better look at that cluster,” she said, talking to the robot as she always did. “Lock and isolate, 36 line coord subnet K-2495. Display. So, that’s what making you jumpy.”
She found an incomplete branch of code. They were common syntax errors, the result of a random corruption, or a lazy programmer. She copied it, and corrected the broken lines. It took about fifteen minutes. A simple fix, but such a glitch could cause trouble, if not addressed promptly.
She sent a report of her discovery.
A call from Mr. Marlow chimed right after, and she answered.
He was poised, but the slight furrow to his brow indicated concern. “Good day, Miss Fairpoole. Meet me at the security office, on level three, within ten minutes.”
“Absolutely, sir. Over and out.”
As she was leaving, a flash across the security monitor drew her eye. Then another flickered in a striking pattern between the icons. The sentries were talking to each other, which wasn’t unusual. But as she watched, she realized they were responding to an internal command, given by one of their own units.
She sensed trouble. Locking her office and shop, she ran down the stairwell, instead of taking the service elevator.
The security office was on the lowest level, next to the steel gate that led down to steerage.
Mr. Marlow stood in the corridor, listening with arms crossed, as Mr. Paynter elaborated with boisterous gestures.
“Every door was wide open,” Mr. Paynter said. “The 5G unit walked down the hall, unlocking everything it passed. All of those gymnastics kids were causing a scene, rushing through the vacant cabins and supply closets. I shooed them out, and posted a fresh patrol. But Miss Gale has to clean and inspect it all over again, bless her heart.”
“Unfortunately so,” said Mr. Marlow. “I’ve asked Miss Fairpoole to assess the network. She’s identified a glitch within the malfunctioned sentry already, according to her last message, and she should be here shortly.”
“I’m here,” she said. “And I have some interesting news. The sentries are issuing commands, and responding among themselves.”
Mr. Paynter exhaled sharply. “That’s not what I wanted to hear.”
“Well, it’s happening. I fixed the problem in the recalled unit, and we should apply it to the entire fleet.”
Mr. Marlow paced. “When a malfunctioning unit attempts to link with Zora, it defaults. But sometimes, it shares the corrupted order across the network instead. We’ve seen it happen before, in several models manufactured by this particular company.”
“I remember the last time,” Mr. Paynter said. “The entire housekeeping fleet decided to start the next shift, and forced their way into the cabins. Lots of startled and angry guests, if I remember right.”
“Have all of the new units sent to engineering,” Mr. Marlow said. “Also, begin a full diagnostic on the security channels.”
“Of course, sir.” Mr. Paynter returned to his office, mumbling to himself.
Mr. Marlow cracked his knuckles. A stray lock of hair fell into his eyes, and he smoothed it back into place. “It appears your first descent is presenting the usual absurdity, Miss Fairpoole,” he said.
“Not to worry. I’m familiar with random events, and disorderly robots.”
“I believe you are.” His hazel eyes were inquisitive. “If you don’t mind, I have one more request.”
“Certainly. How may I assist?”
“The original sentry units are in storage, down this hall. Reactivate a few, and connect them with Zora. I want them as backup.”
“Right away, sir.”
He thanked her, and returned to the concierge desk.
She found the storage room, went inside, and selected two units for activation.
When she delivered them to Mr. Paynter, he grinned. “I miss these already. They aren’t as flashy as the new ones, but they do their job well.”
The first 5G units arrived at her shop soon after.
Mr. Paynter sent her a message, stating that everything had passed the diagnostic. Apparently, Zora didn’t register anything wrong.
The internal communication on the security network had also ceased. It was too quiet, and she continually watched the status panels.
Over the next few hours, she patched most of the faulty code in the sentries. Only two units remained. She saw them on the monitor, circling on patrol, but they ignored her commands to return.
She called Mr. Paynter at once.
“Good day, sir. I’m getting no response from Patrol Eight. Are you tracking them in Corridor B-4?”
He looked away from the hologram a moment, and grew stern. “I see them entering the Ballroom. What are those two metal dimwits doing? They aren’t assigned to that level.”
“Something’s wrong, and I’m receiving no alerts from Zora.”
“Neither am I.” He coughed. “I’ll go to the Ballroom, and bring them in myself. Alert Mr. Marlow if you see anything else suspicious. Over and out.”
Mr. Marlow called soon after. “Good day, Miss Fairpoole. Did you recover the older sentries for me?”
“Yes, sir. They’re at the security office.”
“Thank you, for following orders.” He sighed loudly, and closed his eyes, looking relieved. “Zora just dispatched them for me.”
A beep on the security network screen indicated the reactivated units were on the move, but the rogue sentries were frozen in place.
“The 5G units have stopped in an odd location,” she said. “It looks like they’re stuck in a corner.”
“I’m well aware,” Mr. Marlow said, with a sardonic lift to one eyebrow. “I’m here in the Ballroom with them.”
She didn’t like the perturbed look on his face. “Is everything all right, sir?”
“I suggest you come and have a look for yourself. I’ve never seen anything like this. Over and out.”
Her curiosity and worry stirred, and she raced up the access ramp to the top level of the lift, into the famous Scarlet Ballroom.
As she entered, she was smitten with the magnificent, unobstructed view of Earth and stars. The outer wall and ceiling were transparent, composed of the sturdy layered glass compound used in the colonies. There was also the option of manipulating the specialized gravity generators, providing the amusement of weightlessness.
The ostentatious decor varied in shades of red, with highlighting textures of bronze, brass, and chrome. Strips of red neon curled around the silver-etched pillars lining the inner wall. The polished stone floor reflected the lights in a crimson blur.
The Scarlet Ballroom was rated as one of the Top Ten most romantic venues in all of the worlds, by a notorious polling hub on the Net. People loved to hold special events here, and the Owens-Carpenter wedding party was no exception.
Everything had been arranged with utmost care and frivolity by Mr. Wetzel and his robots. Banners and streamers hung from every wall, column, and arch. All of the red lighting was dim, to enhance the horrid wedding colors. The odd shades of peach and bright green insulted her eyes.
It was a reception dinner, on its way back to Earth. She read about the event earlier, in Mr. Marlow’s launch report, but she hadn’t expected the unusual theme. It was obviously based on a recent holo-film, 'The Sheik of the Sands'.
About two hundred people packed the floor. At the center of the gathering, near the lounge area, was a magnificent pavilion of colored silk and tasseled ropes, cascading in exotic folds of the nauseating wedding colors. All of the guests wore costumes. Turbans, veils, and robes flowed in every pattern and hue. Everyone was oblivious to the glitched sentries in their midst.
A troupe of performers caroused upon a makeshift flying carpet, a hover platform with an expensive rug thrown over it. The crowd gathered around, dancing to the music of an upbeat jazz quartet. There were cheers as an oiled strongman swallowed a brightly curved sword. The camel tethered nearby brayed, and shook the bells and tassels on its harness, while a dancer smothered in beads and fringe romped to the music. She shook her Shimmy and tossed her heels more than actual belly dancing, grinning like an overactive child, a typically amusing flapper. There was even a snake charmer, playing to a basket of harmless serpents.
The bride and groom sat upon enormous cushions, beneath the most lavish overhang of the canopy. They fed fruit to each other off of an ornate platter, laughing as wine sloshed from their matching glasses.
Lily looked about the room, and saw the two 5G units standing in an opposite corner. They both were focused on a strange dancer in a tattered veil, perched on a decorative balcony above them.
Mr. Marlow stood near the lounge, tall and debonair in spite of the troubled clench of his jaw. He stared at the unresponsive robots.
She weaved through the festive congregation to join him. “Good day, sir,” she said.
“Good day, Miss Fairpoole. An astonishing event, isn’t it?”
“Definitely. I’ve never seen a live camel before.”
“Neither have I. Let’s hope it’s a good distraction.”
She looked at him curiously. “A distraction from what, sir?”
“From what I may need to do.” He pointed to the dancer atop the balcony. “That’s an intruder in disguise. An irksome boy from the gymnastics teams. He and his friends have given me no end of trouble, for the past few hours. I saw them sneak in here, and called security. The sentries responded properly, but now they won’t relent.”
“Those 5G units are glitched,” she said. “They’re the last two that I haven’t inspected. Mr. Paynter and I tried to recall them, but they’ve ignored all of our commands.”
“I assumed the worst when they refused an order from Zora.” His eyes narrowed. “We need to stop those kids from harassing the dinner party, but we must also subdue the sentries. They might become hostile, and we must protect our guests.”
“How can I help, sir?”
“Do you see the interface panel on that column by the lounge?”
She nodded.
“Stand by, and watch carefully. If things get out of control, reset the security network with passcode N4273. Use it only as a last resort. I’ll take care of the rest.” His wristcom chimed, and he answered. “Marlow.”
Mr. Paynter’s voice was grave, with no hologram. “I’m in position, sir. Still no response from those junkers. I’ve got the original units here, if we need them.”
“Good. I’ll take this side,” Mr. Marlow said. “Be ready, at the first sign of commotion. Those teenagers don’t know the danger they’re in.”
Mr. Paynter chortled. “They’ll be in danger of my boot in their ass, if they make any stupid moves. Over and out.”
Lily was confused, yet stood near the interface panel. She silently repeated the passcode, to better remember it.
Mr. Marlow and Mr. Paynter moved to either side of the 5G sentries, observing discreetly.
The mischievous boy on the balcony whistled, and tore off his makeshift veil, grinning like a madman.
Another prankster standing below took the cue, and kicked the basket of snakes over. The squirming creatures spilled across the dance floor. There were screams, people stomping, and the area cleared quickly.
“Halt, identify yourself,” the 5G units said. They raised their arms toward the balcony, their plasma guns and shields extending.
The boy above grabbed one of the ropes dangling near him, with a terrified expression. He flipped off of the edge, and swung across the room toward his friend.
The 5G sentries fired their weapons, causing more cries of alarm. Fortunately, they missed the boy in his acrobatic swoop.
The music and dancing died. All eyes followed the armed and ominous seven-foot tall robots tromping across the floor.
Mr. Paynter stepped forward, waving a hand to gesture his command. “Patrol Eight, return,” he shouted.
They ignored him. Snakes wriggled away from their clunky, metallic footsteps.
The gymnasts huddled beside the camel. One of them untied the beast, and slapped it across the hide. Then they both dashed into the crowd.
The camel bellowed, and charged into the robots. It knocked them aside, and plowed through a refreshment table, overturning cakes and champagne with a tremendous crash.
Out of the chaos, Mr. Marlow appeared. He towered over the throng, and his smile was composed. “Ladies and gentlemen, this is hotel management,” he said, voice booming over the panicked chatter. “We require your cooperation, for a few minutes. Please stand aside.”
The guests moved toward the walls.
Mr. Paynter pointed at the fleeing teenage culprits. “Sentry J24, apprehend.”
One of the older sentries hurried after them.
Then, Mr. Marlow, Mr. Paynter, and the second older sentry surrounded the disoriented 5G units.
“Sentry J39. Subdue,” Mr. Paynter said, with a flick of his hand.
The older sentry deployed a restraining device, and approached its target.
Mr. Marlow pulled a thin metallic rod from his coat pocket.
Lily held her breath, surprised at what he wielded. It was a deactivation rod, once used in the ration camps of the Kaezer. She hadn’t seen one in years.
Sentry J39 clamped a restraint around the arm of the nearest 5G unit, and pulled it off balance.
The newer robot swiveled its torso, and threw its captor to the ground with a resounding clang.
Mr. Paynter grabbed the errant robot from behind, and struggled to reach its power switch. It thrashed and pivoted to elude him.
Seizing the diversion, Mr. Marlow assaulted the second 5G unit. He bolted close, brandishing the rod.
The robot swung its broad, heavy steel shield with a sweep of its arm, and hit Mr. Marlow in the face.
He staggered, but didn’t falter. With remarkable speed and a firm uppercut, he thrust the deactivation rod into the robot’s neck joint. Then he pressed the charge, and withdrew the applicator.
The device implanted its barbed tethers into the delicate circuitry. There was a crackling surge and a buzz of tumult, as the internal charge sizzled with traces of white phosphorus. A thin tendril of smoke curled upward, and the robot was soon inert.
The remaining 5G unit flung Mr. Paynter into the opulent drapery of the pavilion.
He floundered and cursed, trying to stand, tangled in the rich silk trappings.
With a menacing hum, the sentry readied its plasma weapon, and pointed it at Mr. Paynter’s head.
Fear raced through Lily’s veins, and she opened the interface panel. She forced her way into the security network with the admin passcode. “Network 4, restart.”
It took a few seconds. She held her breath, watching with trepidation.
Sentry J39 regained its balance, and intervened just in time. It thrust an arm forth, and diverted the blast aimed at Mr. Paynter toward the floor.
At that moment, the network reset, and all of the sentries stopped moving.
Mr. Marlow still held the deactivation rod in one tight fist. He extended his other hand to Mr. Paynter, and helped the older man to his feet.
Lily hurried across the room to them.
Mr. Paynter dusted himself off. “That was fun,” he said.
“Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your cooperation, during this technical difficulty,” Mr. Marlow said, wincing slightly as he spoke. He placed a hand to the cut at the side of his jaw, but didn’t seem disturbed by the sight of blood on his fingers.
The bride and groom approached. Collapsed decorations, ransacked tables, and the stench of overheated wiring surrounded them, but they still smiled.
“Mr. and Mrs. Owens, I apologize for the disturbance,” Mr. Marlow said.
The bride was the first to laugh.
Then, the entire room erupted into a toast. “To the Royal Crown, and the staff of the majestic Ruby lift.”
“Here, here!”
The applause was deafening, as if everything had been a part of the show, and the guests resumed their celebration immediately. Music blared louder, the dancers moving faster. Champagne and wine were served with a little more abandon, after the debacle all had just witnessed.
The custodians and housekeeping robots tidied the mess, and carried all of the inactive sentries away for maintenance. A fleet of smaller, quicker steward units caught the snakes, and returned them to the basket.
Mr. Marlow conversed with the wedding couple for several minutes, and joined Lily and Mr. Paynter soon after.
“Would you like me to contact Cunningham for you?” Mr. Paynter asked, staring at the wound on Mr. Marlow’s face.
“No, I’ll call him,” said Mr. Marlow. “There are things I need to discuss with management. I asked them not to deploy the 5G units, until we’d given them a proper quarantine and inspection. We’re lucky this is an understanding and good-natured group. All of this misfortune could have been prevented, if Cunningham had listened.” Fury clenched his brow and lips into thin, harsh lines, and he looked away, as if ashamed. His curtained undercut hung loose to his chin, messed from its tonic in the fray. “Pardon me.”
He stormed away, and slammed his office door.
“He’ll be in there for a while,” Mr. Paynter said. “Him and that damn cat. He talks to it all the time. I’d say he’s crazy, but I know otherwise.”
“Shouldn’t we inform Mrs. Colby about his injury?” Lily asked, concerned. “He was hit quite hard.”
“Nope. Mr. Marlow is a fighter. I’ve seen him take a breaking strike to the ribs, and still beat an unruly drunk as big as himself to the floor. That was another memorable descent.”
“Mr. Marlow told me that the descents are the most unpredictable. From what you’ve mentioned, it must be true.”
“I’ve never thought about it,” Mr. Paynter said, rubbing his grizzled chin. “But it sure is true.”
A notification chimed on her wristcom, an alert from her robots to open the maintenance shop. “I need to get back to work,” she said. “I’ll return the last 5G sentries to you after they’re repaired and patched.”
“Thank you.” He smiled, and his gaze traveled along her figure. “Call me anytime you need help, sweetheart.”
“I’ll keep it in mind,” she said, forcing a smile. She strode away, and felt his stare trailing her.
Once the sentries were mended, and on their way back to security, she took her first break. She unfolded the cot built into her desk, and laid down for a nap.
Her dreams were usually fleeting, always fading when she woke. This one was clear. She stood in an orchard, a cool wind blowing across her face. A flurry of plum blossom petals rose, scattering around her. She heard a voice, someone singing. but she couldn’t see who it was.
“Lily...” A man’s voice called her name, and she turned to look.
Mr. Marlow knelt before her. His head was bowed, shoulders bent. He reached for her with one hand, his fingers covered in blood.
She gasped, and sat upright. For a moment, she forgot where she was.
Then, her wristcom chimed.
She answered, still groggy from sleep. “Good day, this is engineering. How may I assist you?”
Miss Gale appeared on hologram. “Good day, Miss Fairpoole. I have a favor to ask.”
“Of course.”
Miss Gale explained that another bored teenage gymnast had taken a dare. His friends stole a container of concentrated soap from a supply closet, when the first sentry had malfunctioned. With nothing to do, the three kids began a game. Two hassled the wedding, and the other had poured the entire vat of soap down the nearest drain.
The suds consumed the third level, frothing from every sink and commode. Unfortunately, the housekeeping team had to clean it up.
“My fleet is stretched thin, after the incident in the Ballroom,” she said, wiping her brow with one forearm. “Would you lend me some of your custodians, for an hour or so? I’d be much obliged.”
Lily yawned, and rested her forehead against her palm. “Certainly. Will eight units be sufficient?”
“It will, thank you. I’ll let you get your rest, now. Over and out.”
Lily placed the order through Zora, and sent the robots to help Miss Gale.
What a mess. Those three boys deserved ample punishment for the problems they’d caused. She read through the security report, and was happy to learn that Mr. Paynter had all of them in custody. The chaperon of their gymnastics team was furious. The parents would be even more so, when they received a bill for the damages.
The lift docked at the charging platform halfway through the descent, and she took advantage of the two hour break it provided. She dozed, and woke just in time for the drop.
All of the loose furnishings and cargo had to be secured in specialized compartments. Though Zora automated much of the process, it was Lily’s job to assess the robots’ work. She was amazed at how efficient the preparation was. All human passengers, and even the camel from the wedding, were restrained appropriately. After an hour of inspection, she was satisfied that the lift was ready. She perused all of the reports sent from the other departments, and issued the last clearance alert from her own.
Zora’s smooth, courteous voice echoed through the corridors and cabins. “All guests and staff must be secured. Please report to the safety facility nearest you.”
When the time came, Lily strapped herself into the broad, padded seat in her office.
The countdown began, and they released.
There were a few seconds of gut-tickling free fall, as the lift gained velocity through the upper atmosphere. A welcome buffering came when they passed through the first set of magnetic stabilizer rings. Once they regained a comfortable speed, everyone was free to stand and move about again.
The rest of the descent was routine, with no further trouble from the young gymnasts.
Lily organized the work orders from her fleet into the appropriate logs, and performed her last inspection of the assigned maintenance tasks. The robots were efficient and thorough, and Zora cleared all departments for landing.
The lift settled upon its docking platform with a muffled scrape of metal and squealing rollers.
The guests departed first. Several transport shuttles waited to take them to shore. One of the largest spaceports on Earth was here, in Malewai. Flights departed hourly for orbit, as well as to all major cities on the homeworld.
Lily joined the rest of the crew for the final briefing, and Mr. Marlow commended all for their work.
The employee shuttle flew all of the crew members to the gates of the port city. They said their farewells, and went their separate ways. In three days, they’d be back for the next scheduled ascent. Some of them lived on Earth, some in orbit. All seemed eager to go home, and to return to their normal lives.




Chapter 29



Lily looked forward to the brisk winter snow awaiting her in Plumgrove.
Nevertheless, Malewai was an exotic world, vastly different from her little farm. She’d never been here, aside from a few hours with Mr. Cunningham before the ascent, and she was curious to explore before going home.
A dark wall of clouds blanketed the horizon, over the churning gray and blue of the sea. Tropical rain had recently washed through, soaking the pedestal-raised buildings and rambling streets. The air was dense and wet, yet warm, and clung to her like a second skin.
She strolled along the main pier, admiring the colorful, eye-catching wares displayed for the tourists amid the local market. There were sheer, flowing wraps and tinkling jewelry for pretty ladies, fruits of unimaginable sizes and shades, as well as cheap replica variations of name brand products proudly offered. A bird with sapphire wings squawked funny phrases, amusing a group of children. The chatter of bartering voices, sellers closing shop for the evening, and the distant whine of an Indolasian folk song teased her ears.
A vendor in a conical hat creaked by, his cart laden with spices, perfumes, and odd, beaded jewelry. She was attracted to a necklace with painted ridges of pink and violet, beaming from an ornate carving of a deity at the center.
“This is Fawu La,” the old man said, with a yellowed but friendly grin. “She is the goddess of music and love, a most auspicious choice. She’ll bring you good luck.”
He wrapped the pendant into a gauzy purple bag, and she paid him with a gentle tap against his hand.
Her stomach rumbled, and she realized she hadn’t eaten since her break on the lift. “Pardon me, sir,” she asked. “Can you recommend a good restaurant here?”
The vendor nodded, pointing to a winding lane along the waterfront. “Lou Wen is the local favorite. Follow this road, and you’ll find his establishment.”
The alluring smell of fried food wafted along the soft breeze. She hurried down the street. Swaying palm trees whispered, and neon blinked in hazy reflections upon the wet cobblestones. She turned a corner, and met the unmistakable face of her destination. A cheerful sign with bold letters announced the name, ‘Lou Wen’s Noodle House’.
The front of the restaurant was open, facing the thoroughfare. Several people sat at the bamboo tables and chairs on the patio, beneath the deepening red and violet of the sunset. A service counter lined with stools for customers in a hurry appealed to her.
She chose a seat at the front. A string of blinking white party lights decorated the woven mats and palm fronds overhanging the kitchen. The lilting notes of an Indolasian pop song buzzed from the speaker of a dingy radio.
A broad-shouldered man sat at the opposite end of the service counter, over a steaming bowl of rice and vegetables. He was on a call, speaking to his wristcom as he stirred the food with his chopsticks. His voice was familiar, drawing her attention, though his face was obscured behind chin-length dark hair.
She felt a soft, insistent bump against her leg, and looked down.
Feline blue eyes stared up at her, squinting to friendly slits. The chromed joints of the cat’s exoskeleton shimmered with the muted glow of the lights.
She reached down, and petted Mr. Vincent’s soft fur.
He purred, rubbing against her fingers, and strolled saucily away with his tail raised. Then he jumped into the lap of the man at the counter.
There was no mistaking Mr. Marlow.
Lily stood, suddenly feeling nervous. He was her boss, after all. She was torn between leaving, before he saw her, and saying hello. After a brief deliberation, she chose the latter.
He’d removed his tuxedo jacket, and his collar and vest were unbuttoned for comfort. When his call ended, he sighed. He rested his chin against his hand, scratching Mr. Vincent’s ears with a distracted expression.
“Good day, Mr. Marlow,” she said, taking the empty stool beside him.
“Oh. Hello, Miss Fairpoole.” He cleared his throat. “I’m sorry, I didn’t notice you there.”
She smiled, and lowered her eyes. “It’s all right. I sneaked up on you when I saw Mr. Vincent.”
He studied her face for a few seconds. “I see you’ve found your way to Lou Wen’s already. You won’t be disappointed. It may not look like much from the outside, but Lou makes the best greasy noodles and brightly-colored drinks in port.” His jaw was bruised, a dark spot along the chiseled curve, but he didn’t seem hindered by it.
“I’m starving,” she said. “Any menu suggestions for a first-timer?”
He was more than happy to elaborate on his favorites.
Up close, she noticed that the warm brown of his irises was circled with golden amber, a striking mix. His dark eyelashes gave him an endearing, boyish look, in contrast to his defined features and sensible, downturned nose. He wasn’t classically handsome, but he was strong, and well-built. When he straightened his posture and smiled, he was attractive. She glanced instinctively at his hand, and noticed he didn’t wear a wedding ring.
The slap of woven sandals against bare heels announced Lou Wen, as he strolled toward them.
“Ah, Walter. I see you bring a lady friend this time,” he said. His eyes and smile were jovial arcs as he wiped his fingers against his stained apron.
Mr. Marlow fidgeted with his chopsticks, and blushed spots rose in his pale cheeks. “This is my co-worker, Miss Fairpoole.”
Lou patted Mr. Marlow on the shoulder and grinned. “Good to see you finally out with a pretty face, not just with the kitty all the time, eh?”
“I don’t want to talk about it, Lou.”
Lou’s laughter was more like a cough. “Of course, of course. Now, what can I make for you, Miss Fairpoole?”
“I’d like to try the Seafood Stir, if it’s available at this hour.”
“Just for you,” Lou said. “I’ll make anything, to see your beautiful smile.” He went back to the kitchen, and tossed the ingredients into an enormous wok, singing along with the radio in loud, off-key Indolasian.
The smell was irresistible, and her mouth watered. When the food arrived, she covered it in tangy sauces, and tried not to slurp the noodles in front of Mr. Marlow.
He finished his rice bowl, then turned to her. His gaze flicked downward shyly, then returned with emboldened curiosity. “May I buy you a drink, Miss Fairpoole?”
This sudden intimacy with her supervisor was unsettling, but she didn’t want to seem arrogant or rude. “Sure, but only if I can buy you one.”
His laughter was a deep and easy sound. “I like that proposition.” He waved at Lou, and they ordered a pair of vibrant cocktails.
The cat slept in a tight curl in its owner’s lap.
“Does Mr. Vincent go everywhere with you?” she asked.
“Not everywhere. He’s used to this place, and of course to the lift. He stays close most of the time. I’ve never been certain of his exact genetic design, but he seems to be engineered for loyalty.”
“Interesting.” Lily stirred her drink, the ice pinging against the edges of the stemmed glass. Her mind and inhibitions wavered from the sweet haze of the liquor. The question she’d been dying to ask forced its way out, blunt as she always was. “So, tell me. Where did you get that deactivation rod? I haven’t seen one since the War.”
He paused as if evaluating his reply. “A Pruessian friend gave it to me, while I was interred in the ration camps.”
Few people were willing to talk about the camps, or the War. She remembered what Mr. Paynter had revealed, about Mr. Marlow being a fighter. “Were you a boxer? The last time I saw one of those rods used was during a robotic match.”
“I was. Well, I still am. I started competing again recently, after a break of several years.” He sipped his drink, then traced the edge of the glass with one finger. “Were you in the camps as well?”
She nodded. “My family and I were prisoners of Hir Kaezer for over a year. It’s such a different world, now. Sometimes I’m amazed at what I’ve seen in my lifetime. Other times, I feel like crying for what I lost.” She suddenly regretted blurting such personal details to her employer.
Mr. Marlow wasn’t bothered. He gave her a slow, knowing smile. “I’m sure there are many who feel that way. I like to believe that my experiences forged me into a stronger person. I was only a kid when I was a prisoner, but I learned things that I’ve carried throughout my life.”
“Truly.”
He looked away, folding his hands across the counter. “I do hope the wild events of this last descent haven’t deterred you,” he said. “You did an excellent job. I’m impressed with your intelligence and reliability. Your quick reaction in resetting the network averted a crisis.”
“Thank you, sir. And don’t worry, I’m not quitting.” She noted his relief, with a pleased expression. “I enjoy a challenge, and it seems the Ruby lift has plenty to offer. I also like the crew. Everyone pulled together when things got rough, and that’s how I’m used to working.”
A broad smile lit his face. “I’m glad to have you aboard. It appears you’re well suited to the Ruby.”
They raised their glasses, and drank to a prosperous career.
“Do you live on Earth, Mr. Marlow?”
He nodded. “I have a flat in Askogan City. You?”
“I’m a ground-dweller, too. I have a farmhouse in Plumgrove. Though my brother would love to get me back to the colonies, it’s where I prefer to stay.”
He seemed to be distracted by the alcohol as well, growing introspective. “Things on Earth have a cadence, which the colonies don’t,” he said. “Even the lift follows it, whether we’re coming up, or going down.”
“I know what you mean,” she said. “It’s like a dance. You either move with it, or sit and watch on the sidelines. I’ve found that I prefer to join in.”
“As do I.” He seemed embarrassed when he caught himself staring at her, shifted on his stool, and rubbed the back of his neck as he looked away.
After another round of cocktails, she barely noticed that an hour had passed. They agreed that it was time to go home, and bade each other a cordial farewell.
“I’ll see you in three days for the ascent, sir,” she said.
“Absolutely. Have a wonderful evening, Miss Fairpoole.”
His handshake was warm and masculine.
She took a deep breath, and forced herself not to stare after him. He intrigued her, in unexplainable ways. This new job had more than one perk.
The spaceport was several blocks away, so she hired a cab. Sunset was a scarlet glow over the ocean, night darkening the sky. Her luggage had been forwarded from the lift to the porters, thanks to the efficiency of Zora. She boarded a commuter shuttle for home, the flight offering plenty of time for relaxation.
When she checked her inbox, she found a message from Clarence.
“She said yes.” A photo was attached, showing the happy couple in an embrace, the ring on Tess’s finger proudly displayed.
Lily smiled, dabbed away a tear, and sent a congratulatory reply.
The next afternoon, she met with the Hard Knocks for practice.
A new song had formed in her mind, since the evening at Lou Wen’s, and the conversation with Mr. Marlow.
The melody and words sprang forth, almost out of nowhere.
“Don’t worry, baby,
“Got your back, and you’ve got mine,
“Just the way it is,
“Comin’ up and goin’ down.”
Her voice rang, assured and true, as she sang it for the others.
“That was the darb,” Gilda said, pushing her fedora back with a stunned expression.
Sammy whistled. “And how. One of your smoothest riffs yet, Lily. Let’s jam on that for a while.”
The music surrounded her, matching the pulse of her heart. She moved in time, and closed her eyes.
“You have to catch the rhythm,” she said. “Otherwise, it plays on, and might just pass you by.”






About The Author

Holly Gonzalez lives in Spokane, Washington, with her husband and a tuxedo cat named Vincent (who is the inspiration for Mr. Vincent). “Perfect World Somewhere” is the prequel to an upcoming decopunk novel, “Ruby Descent”, which is due in mid 2015. More details can be found at hollygonzalez1.wordpress.com
